

SACRILEGE


NICOLE N. KING
Sacrilege
By Nicole N. King 
Copyright 2013 Nicole N. King
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.


CREATURES OF THE DAMNED

This notice is to be read by all Damned creatures of Pearu.
As of Apros 30th, 1945—The Gates of Pearu will be closed and all Damned Creatures of Pearu are hereby debarred from entering the mortal world.  Any creatures of the Damned found outside the Gates of Pearu entering the world of mortals, shall be sentenced to death and their souls obliterated.  This ruling has been created due to the Damned interference and impersonation of one Adolf Hitler.  
Due to his role in the killing of innocent mortals and the assassination of Adolf Hitler, Echidna Zobyverth Korfmann and his army shall be sentenced to death by the hands of Zeus in front of the Gates of Pearu.  The continuing search for dethroned queen Eris is still underway.  Any creature found aiding and abetting Eris will be found as a betrayer and sentenced to death.
With Regards,
Kavos Priam
King of Pearu 

Prologue
October 31, 1947
It was once written that if a Creature of the Damned was seen in the world of mortals that the God Zeus would descend and convey a fate worse than death.  Many of the Damned no longer believed in this myth, but there were some who had been around longer who knew that there was such a punishment. Out of that group only one decided to defy this rule. 
Kithara moved silently through the night cloaked in its darkness.  The boots she wore crunched in the brown leaves that had fallen due to the nature of this season.  By now everyone would have learned that the Gates to their world had been broken and someone had escaped through.  Kithara found little relief in the fact that it would take them a while to discover who or what exactly had gone through the Gates to the mortal world.  By that time she would have done what she came here to do, despite the fact that tonight she might be meeting her end.  The orange glow from the streetlight irritated her eyes as she averted her eyes away from it.  Being in mortal form did its job in helping her blend in, but that doesn’t mean that being in this form didn’t frustrate her.  She felt confined in this mortal form, not to mention every brush against her arm made waves of disgust roll through her.  
Since it was what mortals called “Halloween”, the streets where filled with groups of them as they dressed in vibrant colors, carried little weird shaped bags, and yelled something about a trick and a treat.  A few of them had come up to her handing out paper flyers or something sweet smelling wrapped in colorful plastics, but she simply kept walking. While she might have disliked the smell of “their” kind, that didn’t mean she wanted to remove them from existence like those from her world seemed keen on doing.  Maybe that’s why “she” picked her.  At the thought of her a smile came to her lips.  A male mortal dressed in a black costume, with weird shaped pointed ears on his head, took her smile as interest in him as he opened his mouth to speak to her.  Kithara sent a glare to him that crushed any form of words he was about to say.  The mortal glanced off as she made her way past him, her thoughts once more turning to the person she was doing this for.  She didn’t have many that she could trust these days except her.  There had been a time that when she had no one.  When not only her kind, but her parents had turned their backs on her.  It was by the graces of whatever superior being that she found herself in an unknown land and in the presence of someone who had been inscribed in her head as the enemy.  A week living with her had showed Kithara that this enemy had done more for her than her so called family had in a lifetime.  It was then she pledge her loyalty to her.  It was that moment that brought her here.
Kithara finally arrived at her destination.  Staring up at the sign, she felt a sudden surge of fear.  She would have to act quickly.  The moment she revealed any magic from their world, they would know she was here.  Kithara entered the hospital quickly and headed for the steel doors that would take her to the floor she needed to be on.  A smile came to her lips at the invention of the elevators that the mortals had laid claim to not knowing that in another world veiled within theirs, they had already existed.  The doors closed her in as she stared at her mortal reflection in the doors.  She was pretty by mortal standards so no wonder the male had taken interest. All too soon the doors opened and she was out of the confined spaced. 
Since it was almost midnight, the floor was silent.  The only sounds came from the tapping of keys on the computer and the beeping of monitors in the different rooms.  Kithara headed down the hall with purpose.  A nurse called out to her but she ignored her and kept walking.  She was close now.  She counted the numbers to the doors in her head until she came upon the one that was needed.  Pushing open the doors, Kithara entered the room and pulled a chair behind the door.  The nurse by now would have called security and they would be up any second.  Turning around she stared at the clear boxes filled with sleeping baby mortals.  They were all hooked up to various wires as they fought for their chance at living in this world.  Maneuvering through them, she ignored the slight whines coming from some of them until she found the one she wanted.  Staring down at the baby, she allowed her finger to stroke the baby’s smooth skin before quickly pulling away.  The baby’s heartbeat was slowing down and soon its soul would move on to another realm.  Kithara could hear the faint sounds of security as the baby’s heartbeat was finally reaching its end.  It was time.  
Reaching into her coat, she removed the silver box from her pocket.  It gleamed in the light as the faint hum of magic pulsated around it.  She experienced a sudden slight of hesitation.  What if the child is left alone in the mortal world?  What if she was discovered by one of her kind, or worst the Gods?  No, that wouldn’t happen.  She said someone would come for the child.  Someone would take the child back to their world, where its true identity will remain hidden until time.  She had told her this.  She trusted her.  At ease, Kithara released the latch and flipped the top up.  Running footsteps sounded in the hall as a bright light filled the room. The baby’s heartbeat had finally reached its end.  Kithara removed the ball of light from the box and held it in her hands. The soul of the child burst from its chest as she quickly replaced it with the glowing ball of light.  As the old soul of the baby disappeared so did Kithara.  
Teleporting back and forth between states, she released the same amount of power to throw anyone who was watching off her trail.  Exhausted she landed in the middle of desert.  Releasing that much power had taken a lot out of her.  Pulling herself up into a sitting position she stared up at the night sky.
“Well wasn’t that impressive.”
Kithara turned around with quickness expecting to see one of the Gods or worse Zeus himself.  But what she wasn’t expecting was the creature in front of her.  Kithara had no idea who this creature was or what she was doing outside of the Gates.   The creature stood six feet tall in mortal form, clutching a silver staff as she stared down at her.   Something wasn’t right.  Kithara tried to back pedal, but found herself trapped in the sand.  Trembling, she stared up at the figure in front of her.
“Who are you?” Her voice quivered.  The creature was surely from their world, and yet, she smelled different.
The creature smiled but there was no warmth to it.  “I should be asking you that, Kampe.”  She smiled down at her.  With a wave of her hand she said, “Reveal yourself.” 
Kithara tried to fight the change as a final act of disobedience but she should have known better.  The creature’s smile proved it.  The mortal skin began to fall off as her true self broke free.  
“That’s better.” She said with a smile.  “Now tell me what brings you here.”
“Curiosity.”
“Curiosity” She questioned with a raise of one of her elegant brows.
“Yes, mortals. They fascinate me.” Even as the lie rolled off Kithara’s lizard tongue, she couldn’t help the bitter taste the words left.  Mortals did the exact opposite.
Before Kithara could blink, she found herself gasping for air as the creature’s hand clenched tightly around her throat.  “It would be wise if you do not play with me.  Someone helped you get through those Gates and not just anyone can possess that type of power.” She ended with a sinister smile.  “So again I ask you, what are you doing here?”
Kithara stared at the creature as it soon became clear why she was here. This creature was a supporter of the dethroned Queen Eris.  Unlike the others, this creature had some rank.  It was enough for the Queen to allow her to enter the mortal world alone.  It was enough to send a chill through her.  The creature raised an eyebrow waiting for her answer.  She knew others in her position would reveal their secrets to her immediately as a favor of freedom.  But Kithara knew that there was no way she was going to survive this encounter, so why give up any information at all.
Kithara felt her lips curve up into a smile as she gave her last act of defiance.  “Go ahead and kill me.  But take caution that the same fate awaits you much sooner than you think.  Your end is near.  In time you will be nothing more than a pawn in Eris’s games.”
The creature’s features changed into one of rage as Kithara felt the power radiating through her.  She gave one last glance up at the night sky before feeling the cold blade slice cleanly, removing her head from her body. 

         


Part One
O
F 
G
O
D
S 
AND 
D
E
M
O
N
S

Out of the night that covers me,
Black as the Pit from pole to pole,
I thank whatever Gods may be
For my unconquerable soul.
Invictus-by William Earnest Henley



ONE
New York City
May 14, 1964

Life has lost its meaning.  
Life was once said to be one of Creator’s greatest gifts.  A gift so precious that he bestowed it upon the creatures he created, sharing it with the world.  Yet mortals discard it every second of the day as if it were nothing more than trash.  They were an ungrateful kind, but still an intriguing one.  
The sound of a nearby trashcan being knocked over woke me from my thoughts.  Peering down into the dark alley from the roof I was perched on, I watched as two mortals entered.  They were male and female and didn’t appear to be any older than twenty.  The male who was dressed in a gray tweed blazer and blue pants, backed the female until her back was against the brick wall of the nearby building.  His brown hair was cut down short close to his head and his body reeked of cigarettes and cheap cologne.  
But I wasn’t here for him. 
I switched over to the female who was sighing in contentment.  She wore a yellow penciled dress covered by a white flowered cardigan that didn’t seem to agree with the cold weather.  From my spot on the roof, I could see the sudden chill bumps gracing her legs and arms.  Her blond hair was held down by a green headband as it fell down to her shoulder.   Two glistening diamond earrings hung from her ear as her gloved hands gripped the male shoulders.  The male whispered something to her and she threw her head back in laughter.  I tore my eyes away from them to the watch on my wrist.  It was time.  
Turning my eyes from the watch back to the alley, I watched as the male hands reached up to the grasp the girls neck.  She smiled at him, her blue eyes glowing despite this darkness.  She liked him.  She trusted him.  It was her mistake.  The male let out a menacing growl as he snapped her neck.  Her body slid down the brick wall as the male robbed her of her jewelry and money.  He took one more look at her body before running out the alley, a smile on his face.  Standing up from my crouched position, I waited until the faint footsteps of the male disappeared before jumping down. I landed on the ground, the noise disrupting the now silent alley.  I walked over to the female and crouched beside her body. She was still warm. Closing my eyes, I placed a hand on her chest.
“Rizay”
The females body trembled as a golden light burst from her chest.  It rose and hovered above her body.  Reaching into my coat, I removed the silver and blue box and opened it.  The light floated towards the box filling up the oval shape until it was all in.  Closing the box, I latched the lock and tucked it back into my coat.  My attention turned back to the now cold body of the female.  Though she had the form of an adult female, she was still just a baby.  I could smell the youth that was still humming through her body.  She was done and injustice and I wanted nothing more than to track the male down and rip out his larynx.  But that wasn’t my job.  I was a Reaper.  I took souls, not lives.  
Releasing a sigh, I reached over and closed her eyes.  I needed to get out of here.  Standing up, I turned and made my way out the alley leaving behind a lifeless body.
The streets of New York were filled with mortals as they made their ways to and from social gatherings that were being held in the wee bit of the night.  I tuned out their sounds of laughter, talking, and music as I walked through the crowds.  My mood was still a bit dampened from not being able to save the female. I never understood why I was this way.  I was from the world of the Pearu.  We were outcast creatures of the Damned who fed on the sadness and evil of mortals.  We lived for their destruction and in the past we often caused it. But despite the death of the female, I got a rush from her killing.  I reveled in it.  It was the part of me that reminded me of who I was.  But then there was the other part of me, the part of me that knew that this was wrong.  A part of me that felt sympathy for them.  A part of me that wanted to know more about them.  It was a part of me that I kept hidden and would have to remain hidden.  If anyone from my world were to find out the way I felt, I would be ridiculed.  I would become an outcast. I would be sentenced to death.
 I guess I should have been thankful to be a Reaper.  It was a job most creatures of my world would kill for.  Being a Reaper meant I was allowed to be a part of the King’s circle and live the life of an elite. It also meant that I was able to leave our world and travel to the mortal world whenever I wanted.  It was the only perk I loved.  My world suffocated me, whereas the mortal world was like stepping into the pages of a fable.  
Pushing away the depressing thoughts, I continued to make my way through the streets of New York.  Within minutes I had arrived at my last destination.  I stood outside the building for a few seconds taking in my surroundings before pushing open the glass door.  The lobby of the apartment building was one of lush.  The carpet was a wine red as cream sofas and armchairs sat around the room.  In front of each sofa was a glass coffee table covered with a centerpiece of flowers.  The wallpaper was also cream colored and looked as if it had just been applied.  And in the center of the room were four elevators, but I would not be taking them. 
“Sir, can I help you?”
I turned my head to the left at the voice.  A male in his mid-forties stood behind the security desk.  He was a bit of an overweight mortal whose stomach was bulging so much that I could see it peering through the slit of his uniform shirt. There was also a creamy white stain just above his breast. He had a bald spot in the middle of his head as hair clamped to the sides of it.  In the midst of his black hair I could spot a couple of gray ones.  In his hand he held a sandwich which appeared to be the culprit to the stain on his shirt. His eyes however held a slight fill of fear to them as they roved up and down my body.  While he’d probably had seen some crazy sights before here in New York, my outfit of choice however took first prize.  I was dressed in a turquoise blue cotton blazer jacket that buttoned all the way up to my high collar.  My legs were covered in a pair of black jeans and on my feet were a pair of black boots.  Across my chest hung a gold rope belt that was looped two times ending with the gold claw clasping my left shoulder.  My demos rested against my back strapped in its pouch, its blue handle illuminating.  
The clerk swallowed at the sight of my sword and grabbed his phone.  But at the sight of my eyes on his, he took a startled step back.  His breath caught as he stared at me his mouth ajar. My eyes were as black as a pit that often made mortals feel as if they were falling into them.  I tried not to make contact with mortals but every once in a while someone would grab my attention.  I was just thankful they would never get to see my true eyes or else they would really lose it.  I was a Hell Demon.  I was the type of demon that mortals didn’t fear since myth puts us unable to leave our world.  It was somewhat true.
I gave the male one more glance before walking off in the directions of the stairs instead of the elevator.  Though he was frozen in fear, I didn’t want to take the chance of him breaking out of his trance and stopping the elevator if I got on it.  The last thing I needed was to attract attention from the Gods by killing one measly mortal.  No, the stairs was my best bet.
I opened the door that led to the stairs and started to climb. I took each floor without breaking a sweat like mortals would.  I finally arrived on the fifth floor.  The hall was quiet though I could hear slight snoring coming from one of the rooms.  I made my way down the hall until I came to the room I needed.  Reaching out a hand, I wrapped it around the doorknob and closed my eyes. I let my senses brush out my mind into the room as it began to paint an image of what was happening on the other side of the door.  There was a female standing in the middle of the room dressed in a white robe.  She held a crystal glass filled with wine in her left hand as she talked into the telephone device attached to her ear.  She spoke in a harsh voice to the person on the other line.  The smell of fear from the other person on the line made my body tremble with pleasure.  No, this isn’t right.  I shouldn’t be taking pleasure in this.  
I stepped back from the door and opened my eyes. It was obvious the person on the phone was terrified of the female in this room.  Not that I could blame them if I were mortal.  The female had more anger and hate in her than I’ve seen in a mortal female in a while.  However, my interest in her didn’t matter.  It’ll all be over soon.  
I took a seat outside her apartment door and waited.  It wasn’t long before I heard a hard thud inside the room.  Pushing up from the floor, I wrapped my hand around the door handle and opened the room door.  The living room was empty though there were faint signs from where the female had paced back and forth.  I continued through the apartment until I found her.  The female lay dead against the bathroom floor— her blood coating the tiles. She had been so busy yelling on her phone that she didn’t notice the floor was still wet.  Walking over to her, I spoke the words to call forth her soul and placed it in its box.  The process was over and I exited her room and headed down the stairs.  I entered the lobby once again but this time the male was alert.  He stood staring at me, waiting for the chance to see my eyes again, but I kept walking. Once I was down the street away from prying eyes, I teleported.

A field of wild grass and a manmade dirt path greeted me as I reappeared.  I took a second to check my surroundings for Norjels.  Norjels were fallen angels that were trying to earn their wings back by guarding the entrance between the mortal world and Pearu.  As I sniffed them out, one dropped down out of a tree in front of me.  Five more jumped out of their hiding places, forming a circle around me.  Their bodies were formed like mortals, but their backs were bent from all the bowing they had done in honor to the Gods.  Their eyes no longer held the blinding light that angels were born with, instead they were dimmed.  Shredded gray wings clung to their backs as they move around me.  While they no longer possess the physical appearance of an angel, they still had their strength.
The Norjel, whom had jumped down first, thrust his illuminating blue spear at me as the rest of them followed suit.  
“Reveal yourself.” He hissed.
“Really Yaetis, must we go through this every time.”
“Do not speak my name as if you know me!  And yes, we must go through this every time.  Now reveal yourself, Aristaeus.”
“So you can call me by name, but I’m forbidden to call you by yours?”
Yaetis let out a hiss as the others followed him.
“Okay, okay.” I laughed.  Lifting up my hands in surrender I said, “I’ll reveal myself.”
Closing my eyes, I called forth my true face.  The line that separated my mortal form from my true form began to tremble around the edges as my true self threatened the barrier that kept it from the surface.  The slight gasps and trembling of metal alerted me to the fact that the change from mortal to Damned had been successful.
My eyelids parted as I stared through cracked eyes.  The field had gone quiet and I knew it was because of my true face. No matter how many times the Norjel’s saw my true face— every revealing was like a fresh nightmare to them.  I wasn’t offended though.   I knew what I looked like to them.  I had seen it for myself plenty times.  I had the face of a mortal but the features of a demon.  My face was covered in outlined scales and my eyes were a slant shape that was void of lashes.  In the middle were my eyes that resembled broken glass and when I opened my mouth, sharp teeth were displayed. 
Yaetis swallowed tightly.  “Okay, you can change back now.”
The transition this time was much smoother and worked calming Yaetis down.  Stepping to the side, he allowed me to past as I gave him a nod of my head.  Behind me I heard whooshing sounds and knew that they had returned back to their posts.  I started down the dirt path as a boom sounded alerting that I had now left the mortal world.  We didn’t have to worry about mortals discovering our world since only our kind could enter.  I continued up the dirt road until I reached the red barn nestled in the middle.  Two bodyguards stood on the outside imitating a pose they had often seen mortals do at nightclubs.  Unlike with the Norjel’s, I didn’t have reveal my true self.  They were from the world of Pearu, and like all creatures of the Damned, we could see right through mortal forms.
They opened the doors for me as I stepped into the room.  The barn had been transformed into a safe haven for those who’d been outcast from the world of Pearu.  The first floor of the barn was a bar and on the second floor were small apartments were the outcast lived.  The tables were filed with the usual outcasts, as they sipped out of the clay filled mugs and enjoyed a performance by a band of Chimera.
I made my way to the bar and plopped down on the seat.  Os’mar, a one eyed Minotaur, was the bartender and owner of this place.  He’d been banned from Pearu sixty eight years ago during the time the Damned were sentenced to live only in their world.  Os’mar had been a worker of Zobyverth Korfmann, an enchidna that led the mortals to one of the most gruesome killings of their century, the holocaust.  Zobyverth and his army had been executed outside the Gates of Pearu by the King of Gods, Zeus.  Os’mar for some reason had been spared by Zeus, fueling rumors that he’d been the one to betray Zobyverth.  While King Kavos abided the rules Zeus set for our worlds, he didn’t not abide the same kindness he showed to Os’mar.  Kavos ordered the death or imprisonment of Os’mar.  Os’mar had suffered some bruises and lost an eye, before escaping.  It was only by the grace of Zeus, that he was able to survive outside the world of Pearu.  With the closing of the Gates, Os’mar was granted the position as Gatekeeper between the both worlds.  So far he’d done a great job at keeping everything in line.
Spotting me at the end of the bar, he made his way towards me.
“Aristaeus, already done for the night?”
  He grabbed a clay mug off the rack and filled it with the green colored liquid I’d begun to love.  He placed it in front of me as I threw it down my throat and waited for him to refill it.
“My list only had a few names on it tonight.  Is the mortal world finally starting to grow a conscious?”
Os’mar scoffed.  “Yeah, and Zeus will bless me with a new eye.  You’re ready to cash in?”
“Yeah.”
I reached in my jacket and removed the box that housed the soul.  I slid it across the counter to Os’mar.
“Give me a second.”
Os’mar disappeared in the door behind the bar as I took it upon myself to refill my liquid.  As I drunk from the clay cup, an arm roped itself around my neck. I didn’t bother to be alarmed because I already knew who it was.
“Aristaeus, were you really going to ignore me?  You know how I get when you ignore me.”
Placing my cup on the bar, I turned to stare at Lilith.  Lilith was one of the most beautiful creatures of the Damned I’d seen.  I use to wonder what she did to find herself outcast, but then decided it didn’t matter.  I had once thought myself to be in love with her, until I discovered she was true to her species.
“You were entertaining guests. I know how you get when you’re interrupted.” I said removing her hands from around me.  I picked my cup and continued to drain the contents from it as Lilith plopped down on the stool beside me.
“You’re the only male Damned I’ve seen that can stomach Kampe blood.”
“Don’t I feel special?”
 “Come now Aristaeus, this cold act of yours doesn’t fit you.  Stay the night with me.”
Os’mar arrived back at the bar just in time to save me from executing a Succubus.  
“Here you go Aristaeus.  Two million dragon scales.”
I took the purple bag filled with dragon scales from Os’mar and stood up from my stool.  “I’ll be back next week.”
Os’mar nodded as Lilith jumped up clasping her hands around my arm.
“Aristaeus, please stay.  My next set is about to start, you can’t miss that.”
“Actually, I can.” I said shaking her hand off of me.  “I have an obligation to fill back in Pearu, a place my dear you’re no longer welcome to.”
Lilith stared at me in outrage as I brushed past her heading towards the round door located at the back of the bar.  I placed my hand on the scanner as a gold skeleton hand emerged from up the back of the scanner.  It clutched my hand as the red light move forward scanning my handprint before flashing green.  The round door let out a creak as it slid backwards revealing the entrance into my world.  The hand disappeared back in its hiding spot as I stepped through the doors the faint sounds of yearning sighs at my back. The door locked back with a bang as I stared forward at the world of Pearu. 




  




Two

When it comes to describing the world of Hell, most mortals instantly picture a place engulfed in flames with cavern rock bridges surrounded by lakes made of fire.  They think of Hell as a place underground where torture goes on constantly with Lucifer perched on a throne of skulls watching the evil beneath them.  It was an imaginary punishment they created to keep their kind in line, and it was an imaginary punishment we let remain.  If mortals were to see the world that awaited the damned souls, they wouldn’t think twice about the sins that they commit.  The world of Pearu was just that— a world.  Like Earth, our world was divided up into continents and made up of land and water.  But where mortals had destroyed the land they were given, ours were the same as the day we first arrived.  
The world Pearu was like one big island.  Our grass was a deep green and our soil was always rich enough to harvest.  Our icy blue lakes were filled with bountiful sea creatures that often created some of the best stews and soups.  Trees stood tall, their leaves brushing the outer line of the purple sky.  There was no moon or sun to tell us when the days had switched.  Our lives were lived by the King.  When King Kavos awakened, the world of Pearu awakened.  When he slept, we slept. 
The closing of the door grabbed a few Pearuer’s attention as they moved about the City part of Pearu.  I returned their stares as I made my way down the stone road near the different buildings filled with shops, restaurants, and other things.  Behind me a white carriage pulled by a Ladon, followed before coming to a stop in front of me.  Coming to a stop, I turned my attention to the two creatures exiting the front of the car.  They were demons, and by the color of purple they wore in their jackets, they were King Kavos men.
One of the demons stepped forward a grimace on his face.  I felt a smile tug at my lips as the sudden memory of who he was came to me.  His name was Broxton.  Last month I had the pleasure of defeating him in front of the King he so desperately worshipped and the members of The Courant.  While it was just a harmless game to me, it appeared it wasn’t for Broxton.  The defeat surely had knocked him down the ladder until he was nothing more than a minion.
“Aristaeus, King Kavos would like to have a word with you.”  
I felt a bit of annoyance at the fact the King constantly kept tabs on when I entered and exited Pearu.  “Please inform King Kavos that I have not been home in weeks.  I would like to enjoy Pearu and meet with old friends.  I will bless him with my presence tomorrow.”  With that being said, I stepped around them.
“The King told us to use force if necessary.”
I chuckled as I turned to face them.  “Ah, so it is a death wish that you are after.  Well I don’t want you two to think I’m not obliging.”
The demon behind Broxton backed up the fear seeping from his pores, so that just left Broxton.  Broxton cut his eyes at the demon behind him no doubt reminding him of the little bit of command he had.  That was all it took to change my mind.
“Fine, you got me.  I haven’t seen the King in a while, this will be fun”
I slid into the carriage as the terrified demon and Broxton slid into the seat in front of me.  The carriage rolled smoothly down the road until we were could no longer see the buildings of the City.  The country stretched out in front of us as I stared out the window at the purple sky.  We took a left turn at the crossroads that would have led to my home.  
“He is at the arena.  Why?”
“King Kavos and The Courant want to be entertained.” Broxton replied.
I sighed in disgust as I leaned back into the plush black seats.  Even from the enclosed space of the carriage, I could hear the murderous cheers of the crowd.  The carriage pulled into the lot stopping at the back entrance of the arena.  I took a second to get myself together before stepping out of the carriage.
Broxton and his whipped dog led me inside to the blue steel elevators that awaited us.  I stepped in behind them facing the wall, the elevator doors at my back.  The doors closed taking us to the balcony.  We stood there for no longer than three seconds before the doors in front of us opened.  The two demons stepped out and moved to the side as I made my way past them brushing Broxton shoulder as I did.  I followed the cheering of the crowd and purple carpet until I came to the opening of the balcony.  King Kavos guards immediately tensed, but at the sight of me they relaxed—only a fraction.  
When it comes to aging in the world of Pearu, we didn’t.  Years in Pearu cut off at age twenty one making us look as if we were in a world of teenagers.  Only the King and members of The Courant were allowed to walk around in their mortal faces while creatures of Pearu wore their true faces.  The reason why—they were Demons.  Demons ruled the world of Pearu while all other creatures of the Damned live to serve them.  However, King Kavos and the members of The Courant were Hell Demons.  In other words, they were our world’s elite.  
King Kavos wife stood up from her seat and made her way over to me.  Kiowa was one hundred and thirty years old, but resembled a mortal fourteen year old.  Her hair was the purple color of the sky as it fell into curly ringlets around her face down to her shoulders.  Her shattered eyes had a blue tint to them and the lipstick she wore was of a light blue shade.  The strapless dress she wore was of the King’s colors while the tights up under it were pink a blue stripe running down the sides.  On her feet she wore a pair of boots, the strings made of purple dragon hair.  
“Aristaeus, you’ve finally returned.”  She pulled me into a tight hug holding me as if she was afraid I would disappear again.  I simply patted her back.  I knew she worried about me, and for that I was sorry.
“How have you been?”
“I’ve been okay.  My garden of berry lilies has bloomed.  They were just honeys the last time you’d seen them.  If you’re not so busy, maybe you can them a pay visit.  They miss your voice.” 
“I will.”
Kiowa smiled brightly at me grasping my hand.  She finally let go and made her way back to her seat next to King Kavos. Standing there, I stared at the back of King Kavos head before finally making my way to the seat on the right of them.  King Kavos snapped his finger as a servant rushed forward to fill my empty glass full of clear liquid that came from the tears of a fox.  I brought the cup up to my lips and sipped slowly.  
Staring out across the railing of the balcony, I looked down into the pit of the arena as the battle between a Centaur and a Harpy took place.  The Harpy seemed to be taking a beating from the Centaur but it did not give up.
“That color doesn’t seem to agree with you.”
I glanced away from the fight and turned my attention to King Kavos.  While Kiowa was in her hundreds, King Kavos was far older.  No one knew his true age, only that he’d once served with the dethroned queen of Pearu, Eris.  
“Hmm, that’s funny.  A mortal once told me that I looked quite smashing in this color.  Maybe you’ve lost your sight for fashion, or just maybe you’ve lost your sight.”
King Kavos stared at me with his youthful face; however the glare was anything but innocent.  King Kavos had an oval shaped face that was framed by his black hair that lay bone straight down past his shoulders.  Like me, he wore a cotton blazer jacket but his was purple.  A white bloused peeked through his top button as it traveled up making a tight puffy collar at his neck.  Around the collar was a black tie with the Pearu crest of a snake wrapped around a heart.  His hands sat entwined in his lap, a black moonstone ring on his hand as his long silver claw shaped nails gleamed. His purple eyebrows were narrowed in a form I’d come to recognize in my sleep as purple shattered eyes stared at me.
“Change before entering the streets of Pearu.”  He said turning back towards the fight.
“As you wish, your highness.”
“There will be a feast at the palace tonight.  Make sure to be in appearance.”
“As you wish, your highness.”
“Do no leave the world of Pearu again.”
“That is one wish the genie cannot grant your highness.”
King Kavos turned his eyes back towards me a hint of a dangerous smile around his lips.  “Are you disobeying me?”
“Yes.” I said staring back defiantly.  
The servants and guards moved nervously behind us as Kiowa glanced over at us.  They could all feel the bubble trembling as the pin poked at it.  All it took was one more poke for the bubble to burst and everyone in its reach to be covered in its ire.
Luckily, King Kavos only chuckled.
The Centaur picked up the Harpy tossing it into the stone wall of the arena.  The crowd let out a cheer as the Harpy slugged down the wall.  The Centaur threw up his hands riling up the crowd more than they already were.  He was so focused on the crowd that he did not notice the Harpy moving quickly towards him until it was too late.  The Harpy latched on to the Centaur’s neck ripping it completely off its body.
King Kavos leaped up from his seat as his hands gripped the balcony.  He stared over the railing into the pit as his true face came forward reveling in the murderous scene.  Patches of scales covered his face as his eyes pushed back further in his head.  His lizard split tongue flipped out his mouth tasting the air that was now filled with death.  His face transformed back as he sat down back in his chair.
“I have duties to fulfill.” I spoke.
“You have duties here Aristaeus, or did you forget that while learning slang language from those apes.”
“Are we done?  I’d like to unwind.” I said ignoring the jab.
King Kavos suddenly stood up grabbing the dragon horn off its hook.  He blew into the horn as a loud blaring echoed silencing the whole arena.  Once he had their attention he returned the horn to its spot.  Raising his hands he said, “Creatures of Pearu, it gives me great pleasure to announce that the Great Aristaeus has returned and has challenged Troedh to a match to the death.”
The crowd roared with cheer as the chanted between my name and Troedh. I felt my fingers tighten into a fist as King Kavos returned to his seat.
“They are waiting for you Aristaeus.”
Kiowa stared at me with worried eyes as King Kavos sipped from his cup, a smile on his lips.  Standing up from my seat, without looking back, I made my way over to the stairs that led down into the pit of the arena.  As I descended the steps, creatures of all kinds leaned over the railing raising their fists in support or anger at me.  Coming to a stop at the bottom of the steps, I removed my demos and jugest.   I unbuttoned the blazer I wore and tossed it behind me.  Feminine screams erupted then and I made my way across the floor of the arena where Troedh the ten foot giant awaited me.
I came to a stop in front of him as he stared down at me.  His lips spread into a smile showcasing his rock formed teeth that appeared to be covered in the remains of whatever he’d eaten.  Troedh wasted no time swatting at me as I smoothly dodged it.  His other arm came towards me with enough wind to create a tornado.  I leaped out of its way but the hook of it caught me on my feet sending me face first into the ground.  Blood filled my mouth as I pushed myself up.  Troedh caught me on my head as I stood knocking me back to the ground.  The crowd continued to taunt and cheer as I wondered for a second if I should just lay here and let him kill me. It would serve the King right for putting me in this predicament, but it would also hurt Kiowa.
With that thought in mind, I pushed up from the ground dodging another blow sent by Troedh.  I leaped onto his arm that served the punch and ran up it.  Troedh glanced around reaching for me, but I’d rounded behind his head.  Climbing up on his head, I reached down and dug my hands in his eyes as he let out a loud scream.  Troedh hands flew up to his eyes as he cried, his feet stomping the ground sending it into small tremors of an earthquake.  I slid down his back making sure to clench my claw nails into his back.  The pain filled scream stirred the crowd as they shouted for more bloodshed.
I landed on my feet tucking back into a roll to avoid Troedh who was now swinging wildly at the loss of his sight.  I grew tired of this game and decided to end it quickly.  I ran towards the giant in full speed feeling the kicks of my demon power surge through my body.  Leaping off the ground, I flew up towards Troedh’s head latching on to his neck.  Our bodies cascaded downward as I carried the majority of his weight before shoving him upward towards the hanging spikes on the ceiling.  The spikes cut all the way through the giant’s body as Troedh’s eyes enlarged.  Slowly, his body slid off the spikes hurling down towards the floor of the arena.  He landed with a loud boom and lay there unable to move.  Walking over to my items I’d tossed aside earlier, I picked up my demos.  The crowd chanted my name as I walked back over to Troedh, the demos gripped tightly in my hand.  I came to a stop in front of Troedh’s head as I stared down at the now battered giant.  He knew what was coming and he didn’t bother to fight it.  He knew the rules of the arena.  Only one can leave alive.  
The crowd gasped at the sight of the demos as I removed it from its cover.  The sword glowed blue, the silver winged handle clutched in my hand.  
“The Gods have dealt you a bad hand this life my friend.  They owe you.”
Troedh let out a gargled laugh as my sword slashed cleanly through the air, his head rolling off to the side.
The crowd jumped up to their feet shouting and pumping their hands in the air.
“Aristaeus! Aristaeus!  Long live the Great Aristaeus!”
I turned away from Troedh’s body as the cleaning crew ran over to destroy his body.  My sword dragged through the dirt as I came to a stop under the balcony where I’d been sitting earlier.  Glancing up, I stared into the shattered eyes of King Kavos as he leaned over the balcony staring down at me.
“Now we’re done.”
I felt my hand tremble as I wanted nothing more than to thrust the sword up until it was embedded into his head, but I simply nodded.  I went to take a step but his voice stopped me.
“Aristaeus.  Let this be a lesson to you.  I will not take defiance from anyone, even you.  Do you understand?”
I swallowed tightly as the servants and guards stared down at me.  Broxton had a smile on his face no doubt happy to see me being put in my place.  It was only because Kiowa that I did not cause a scene.
“Aristaeus!”
  “Yes father.  I understand.”
King Kavos smiled with satisfaction.  “Now, change those colors.  They do not suit you.”

Cold water rushed over my body as I leaned my head against the gold shower wall.  I raised a hand to push my hair back out of my face and stepped further up under the nozzle.  I could still smell the blood of Troedh on me, even though I had bathed with some of Kiowa’s pumpkin cleanser.  I finally had enough of the shower and stepped back from up under the nozzle, pushing the glowing water drop button to shut it off.  The minute I stepped out of the shower, the room heat dried me of any water drops.  I pulled on a pair of black pants that were laid out on the counter and opened the bathroom door.
Kiowa was there in my room when I exited the bathroom. She was no longer dressed in her outfit from earlier, and instead she wore a gold halter gown that fell to the floor.  Claws from different beasts were sewed to the back ends of her dress clawing at the floor every time she walked.   Her purple hair had been straightened and she’d even added the crest of Pearu necklace around her neck, however the blue lipstick remained. Seeing me enter, she strode to me.
“Aristaeus are you okay.  Please do not let your father upset you.  You know how he gets.”
“You do not have to excuse my father’s actions Kiowa.  I know his temper and seeing how you do as well, you should leave before he finds you here comforting me.”
Kiowa scoffed.  “I’m your mother.  I may not have given birth to you, but I have raised you as if you were my own son.  I have the right to comfort you if I want.  Kavos has no say in my concerns with you.”
 I released a chuckle as I sat down on the bench in front of my bed.  Since the day I was able to walk, my father had pushed me aside to the opposite side of the palace.  It was only thanks to Kiowa that I didn’t die from loneliness.  While my father thought he would keep me happy by showering me with lavish gifts, Kiowa actually spent time with me.  She knew my likes, my pains, my interests.  She shared stories with me and didn’t hesitate to listen to mine.  When I came home, she was genuinely happy to see me whereas my father never showed much emotion unless he was yelling at me.  I had often thought it was the only way he could show his love for me, but I knew better than that.  Love did not exist in Pearu, especially not when it came to the King.
Kiowa came up behind me and placed her hands on my shoulders, her purple nails moved back in forth in my peripheral. 
“I miss when you’re here Aristaeus.  When you’re here the castle doesn’t seem so cold.”
“You live in a world full of Damned creatures Kiowa.  Cold is our nature.”
“You know what I mean.” She fussed shoving my shoulders.  “Do not sass me.”
I laughed placing my hand on hers.  “I know what you mean mother.”
Kiowa got quiet and I knew she was fighting back tears.  She always did that whenever I called her mother.  If a mortal saw Kiowa they would think she was unfit for this world.  At times like this she seemed like an angel in the midst of demons.  It was the other times that would probably change their mind. 
“You should get dressed.  Your father is inviting a lot of guests over to show off the fact that you’re home.”
“I guess me killing Troedh also worked wonders.”
“I still can’t believe he threw you into the arena like that.  Even I could see the exhaust coming from you.  He just makes me so upset sometimes.”
“Do not worry.” I said standing up from the bench.  “I’ll go to his little dinner parties and complete any task he sets before me.  In a week, I will leave and fulfill my other duties.”
At that Kiowa placed a hand to her mouth. A worried look came to her face.
“What is it?” I asked.
“I’m just worried about you being in that mortal world.  You’re alone with no backup.  The Gods might decide to hurt you.  They never really need a reason to strike one of us down.”
“The Gods have rules to follow just like we do.  Father signed the contract permitting me to reap souls and Zeus approved.  They’re not going to go back on their word.”
“Your father was an idiot to sign a contract with them.” Kiowa said chewing on her bottom lip.  “He is always trying to prove that he wants peace, but I know it’s all just an act.  I know it.  He’s just buying time until Zeus allows the Gates to reopen.  Then he’ll make his move.”
“In that case, he’ll never make his move.  Zeus will never reopen the Gates.  It’s time for not only the people of Pearu to get that through their heads, but father as well.”

The ceremonial room of the palace was filled with the swank creatures of Pearu as they twirled around the dance floor, their clothing creating a sea of purple.  Kiowa was off to the side of the room, a glass of amber liquid in her hands as she entertained a group of dryads.  My father sat on the throne at the front of the room his eyes constantly surveying the floor.  I on the other hand, was nursing my third glass of fox tears and hoping for a chance to escape.  Every time I found an outing, my father eyes would land on me freezing me into place.  My teeth had gritted so much that they had pierced my tongue.  I tried to practice patience as I stood listening to a group of Harpy’s compliment me on today’s fight.  Just a couple of more days and I was out of here.
“So Aristaeus, I’ve noticed you haven’t chosen a bride yet.  My daughter Ilia has just turned twenty one.  You should see her.  Our people have given her the title of Queen Magnificence.  She was featured in the newspaper last week, you do get the papers when you return home don’t you. I swear young lord, she is a beauty.”  
I turned my attention to the creature in front of me.  I never liked Prince Famar.   He was ruler of the second continent of our land, Mayur, and he was a cheap.  The creatures of his land suffered from poverty while he and his courants lived the lifestyle of the rich.  Upon a visit there last year, a baby Chimera had attacked me.  It was only after I’d went on defense that I’d notice he was trying to steal the stew I had brought along with me on my trip. I’d given him the stew without second thoughts and offered him the other bibles I had on me.  As he scarfed down on the loaf of bread, he filled me in on his life and how Prince Famar had jailed his mother for missing a payment on her taxes.  The jailers had beaten her so fiercely that they killed her leaving the baby Chimera alone.  Famar had insisted the boy get a job doing odd errands until he could pay back the debt his mother owed, but instead he’d ran away.  I had spoken to father about this but he simply pushed it away.  He already knew about the happenings in Mayur and claimed he would deal with Prince Famar in due time.   
However, as Famar stood in front of me raving about his daughter that I’m sure was an exact copy of him, I could tell that time had not yet come.
“So, young lord what do you say?”
“About what.”
“My daughter, Ilia.  I can arrange a car to pick you up so the two of you can meet.”
“That won’t be necessary.” I said draining the contents of my glass.
“Why is that young lord?  Have you chosen a bride?”
“No, I just don’t involve myself with the trash of Mayur that called themselves royals.”
Prince Famar stepped back in shock as some guests whom overheard let out gasps.
“If you’ll excuse me.”
I brushed past Prince Famar and headed across the room far away.  I didn’t dare steal a glance in my father’s direction.  If he hadn’t taken in the scene then I was positive someone was informing him of what happened right now.  He would not lose his temper in public, but I would pay dearly in private.
“Aristaeus.”
I turned expecting to see Famar wanting a rematch but instead I seen someone I was happy to see. 
“Dyos, my good friend.”  The two of us shared a friendly hug as I stepped back.  “I was afraid you wouldn’t show.”
“You know I wouldn’t leave you to suffer in boredom.”
Dyos and I had grown up together inside and outside the walls of the palace.  Thanks to his father being the General of Pearu, he often brought Dyos along whenever he came on business at the palace.  The two of us would often cause problems for the court servants and then sneak out into the world of Pearu to cause problems there.  Once Dyos and I had become the age to travel alone without parents, we would meet up and head out on days of adventure only returning in the wee bit of the morning. We would be tired by the time we got home especially seeing how we couldn’t go to bed until later that night, but it was worth it.
“What kept you this time?”
Dyos threw a hand over my shoulder.  “My friend, I ran into a group of sirens and they are looking to party.  The leader is cute and red head just like you like them.”
“Tempting, but I will have to pass on a night in Pearu.”
“Ah, come on Aristaeus.  Do not do this to me.  You’ve been gone for two weeks leaving me to hang with a group of Minotaur’s.  Minotaur’s Aristaeus!  They don’t know how to party. You could have at least offered to take me to the mortal world with you.”
“And how exactly would I explain you to the Gods when they descend and ask for the reason of you being in the mortal world.”
“Um, I’m your apprentice.”
I laughed as I stared over at my father who was sharing a word with Kiowa.
“So, what is the real reason that you can’t hang with me tonight?”
“I need to stick close to home for a couple of days.  The King is a bit irate with me.  I need to get back into his good graces if not for me, but Kiowa’s sake.”
“Ah, don’t worry about that my friend.  He’s probably just up in arms about the recent sighting of Eris.”
My head snapped towards Dyos.  “Someone sighted Eris.  Are you sure?”
“Well it wasn’t exactly Eris, but The Rogues.  It was all The Courants could talk about.  I overheard my father speaking about it to my mother a week ago.”
“Where were they spotted?  Who was the witness?”
“From what I can tell they were spotted near the outskirts of Mayur. I don’t know too much about the witness.  They’re keeping whoever it is in secrecy.  I can tell you this though.” Dyos said stepping closer to me, his voice dropping in a whisper.  “The night they were spotted, someone tried to break into the Prince Famar’s palace and later on that night they found someone dead.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know that either my friend.  All I could tell that it wasn’t someone of much importance.  Maybe just a resident of Mayur.”
I opened my mouth to ask Dyos another question when Broxton appeared next to me.
“The King wishes to speak with you in private.”
“I’m with a guest right now.” I said turning my back to Broxton ready to start the conversation back up with Dyos.
“It’s of importance.”
“It’s always of importance.”
Broxton frowned as Dyos stared between us.
“Aristaeus, go speak with your father.  I’m going to head out anyway.  Those sirens are waiting and you know I’m never one to leave them to sing alone.”
Dyos patted my shoulder and turned disappearing into the crowd.
I turned back to Broxton and threw out a hand.  “Lead the way kind sir.”
Broxton led me through the crowd of partygoers and past the throne.  Kiowa gave me a worried glance standing from her seat as I shook my head and disappeared through the doors.  I followed Broxton down the hall until we reached the set of double doors being watched but he guards.  Broxton stepped a few feet away from the guards as I made my way past them.  Wrapping my hand around the handle, I opened the door and stepped through closing it softly behind me.  My father stood across the room with his back to me as he stared out the window into the land of Pearu.
“You wished to speak with me.”
My father turned around to face me.  His eyes held anger in them.  “Leave Pearu tomorrow.”
I blinked, thinking I’d heard him unclearly.
“What did you say?”
“You heard me Aristaeus.”
 “I heard you, I do just not understand.  You’ve been giving me crap about remaining home, and now you want me to leave.”
“I do not have to explain my actions to you.” My father said putting his arms behind his back.  “I am the King here, not you.”
“Well as King, you shall inform me the reason for me being banned.”
“Do not be silly Aristaeus.  I am not banning you from Pearu.  I am just sending you on an early vacation.  You were planning on leaving next week anyhow, am I right?”
“That’s beside the point.” I said feeling my voice raise.  “Is this because of the rumor I heard tonight?”
“I wouldn’t know what rumors you have heard tonight.”
“Cute is not your forte father.  I’m talking about The Rogues being sighted in this world.”
“Of course they would be in this world, what other world would they go to?  They are Creatures of the Damned.  Do you think they are living freely among the mortals or care free with the Gods?”
“I don’t care where they’re shacking up at. I care about their sudden appearance and what it’s doing to you.  They’ve only been spotted once and already there’s trouble.”
My father walked off from me back towards the window as I went on.
“We can’t let The Rogues lead this world into destruction like Eris once tried before.  The Gods will not be so forgiving this time.  We need to contact them and let them know—”
“WE WILL NOT CONTACT THE GODS!!” My father roared his true face coming forward.  “You will leave this matter to The Courant and I and you will leave this world first thing in the morning.”
“But father!”
“That is an order Aristaeus!”

Three

The next morning I found myself staring out my bedroom window.  Last night had been rough on me that I’d tossed and turned all through the night barely getting a lick of sleep. The argument with my father was as fresh on my mind as it was when I’d left his quarters.  I still couldn’t accept the fact that he was banning me from Pearu, even if it was for a little while.  Kiowa, had been outside the door listening to our argument, but at the words of my father ordering banishment, she’d busted through the doors.  She yelled, cried, and fought my father who simply pushed her away.  At the end neither of us could change his mind.  Kiowa had run from the room in tears which struck up another argument with my father.  My father had had enough as he snapped his fingers and the guards entered. I had taken out ten of them before they finally gained enough strength to remove me from the room.
A knock sounded at my door and I instantly tensed.  Father had announced that a carriage would be arriving today to take me to the Gates of Pearu.  Morning had just started and he was already trying to get rid of me.
“Go away!” I called in anger.
The door came open and a tiny figure entered. It was one of my mother’s maids Gilda that often stayed at her side. 
“I’m sorry to bother you young lord, but breakfast is ready.”  
“I’m not hungry.” I said turning back around to face the window and stare out at the ocean.
“But the King-”
“DO NOT SPEAK OF THE KING TO ME!!”
Gilda stepped back terrified as I willed myself to calm down.  
“I am sorry.  I did not mean to frighten to you. Tell the King that I will not be down to eat.”
“Your young lord, may I please ask a favor?”
I turned to face her as she moved around uneasily.  She never really said more than a few words to me during my encounter, and now she was asking me for a favor.  I knew it had to be one of importance to her.  I nodded giving her the go ahead.
“Young lord, the favor that I ask is that you go down for breakfast.  Queen Kiowa is at the table alone with the King.  She barely slept last night due to the argument that happened between her and the King.  She’s been building up with anger and I feel she may release it on the King if you are not there to calm her.  I am afraid on how the King will retaliate if she shows rudeness to him.”
I took in what she said and I could understand her concern.  My father was not one to tolerate rudeness even if it came from the love of his life.
“Fine, I will be down shortly.”
Gilda nodded and then back stepped out of the room closing the door.  I released a sigh as I turned back to stare out at a view that I wouldn’t be seeing for a while. I remained there for a couple of more minutes before finally getting dressed to head downstairs.

I entered the dining hall and immediately noticed the tension.  Kiowa sat at the left end of the table eating while throwing eye daggers down the table at my father who ignored them.  I walked over to Kiowa’s side of the table and took a seat next to her.  The sight of me had taken some of the anger out of her as she stared at me, her shadowed eyes the color of yellow today.  Her hair was back in ringlets as the purple gleamed in the chandelier light.  She reached out and grasped my hand giving it a squeeze to say “thank you.”
The servants flocked to the table filling my cup full of berry juice and placing a hot bowl of gooey pink porridge in front of me.  They cut two slices of meat from the lion on the table and placed it on a platter next to the stew.  I grabbed a piece of the meat and rolled it before stuffing it into my mouth.  Kiowa laughed as my father scoffed.  I had succeed in bringing the light back into her eyes while disgusting my father.
“You really shouldn’t eat like that Aristaeus.  It will ruin your chances to marry.”
“Come on now Kiowa, most of the ladies of Pearu eat like me.  Well, all except you.”
Kiowa swatted my arm as she sipped from her spoon.  
“Have you packed?’ My father spoke ruining the serene mood. “Once you leave, you will not be able to return back until I call for you.”
“I will not be taking anything from here with me so there is no need to pack.”
“Nonsense, you still have to represent the Kingdom even outside the Gates.”
I chuckled leaning back in my seat.  My father had never been outside the Gates without his entourage.  If he were found outside the Gates alone sporting the Kingdom colors, the outcasts would have made a game out of him.
“I take it Zeus agreed to my extended stay outside the Gates.”
“Of course he did.  Why wouldn’t he?  You will be working for him by reaping souls.” My father reached for his glass sipping the cool liquid before placing the glass back down.  “You shall not be in the mortal world other than that.  I do not want to have any problems with those righteous brutes.  I just need you to stay put until I can negotiate a new contract with them.”
“And in this contract, are you negotiating our freedom to roam the mortal world.”
“What I negotiate is none of your concern.”
“I take that as a yes.” I said.  “Do you really think that Zeus will allow those of the Damned to roam the mortal world especially when The Rogues have been spotted recently?”
My father stared daggers at me.
“Ah. You have not alerted him of her presence even though it’s your duty as King to do so.” 
“The Gods do not need to worry.  Eris is of this world so I will handle her Rogues.”
“Handle them?  Is that what you’re calling hiding away in the palace while they causes havoc.”   
“Aristaeus!” Kiowa called.  “Now, that is enough.”
“No, Kiowa.” My father said raising a hand to silence her.  “Aristaeus is right.  I am hiding away while she creates havoc.”  My father turned his eyes to me. “If Aristaeus was King he would have no doubt called the army and set out after The Rogues getting himself killed and this world destroyed.  Eris not a typical creature of the Damned.  She is the first and she is the most powerful.  She has kept this world running for centuries and she has kept herself hidden even from the great Zeus.  The Rogues are carbon copies of her.  They is do not rush in without a reason.  They are after something far greater than a few measly deaths of some servants.  But obviously Aristaeus already knows this despite he has never met or seen Eris in his life while I on the other hand have worked, ate, and slept alongside her.”
The room grew quiet as I stared down into my now lukewarm stew.  I hated to admit it, but my father was right.  I had no clue how Eris looked or even the remote clue on how she and The Rogues operated.  I would have ended up doing everything my father said and ended up getting killed.
“This is why you’re not ready for the throne yet.  You’re young and you still act without thinking everything through not realizing the trouble you leave in your midst.  That is why I am sending you away.”
My father pushed away his chair away from the table and stood up.  “The chariot should arrive shortly.  I have a meeting to attend to so I will not be able to see you off.”
“I will go with him.”
“You will do no such thing Kiowa.”
“That is not your decision Kavos.” Kiowa spoke fiercely.  “You are banishing my son out of Pearu and the least I could do for him is see him to the Gates since I could not sway the King on allowing him to remain home instead of a place of danger.”
“He is in no danger Kiowa.”
“He will always be in danger as long as he’s outside those Gates!  The Gods do not show favors to us even if you’re the King’s son.  They could strike him down at any minute out there and there would be nothing that we could do because we can’t exit the Gates without their permission.  So do not tell me I can’t see my son off because you will lose that fight Kavos.”
My father stared across the table at Kiowa as she held her ground.  Finally he gave a wave of his hand.
“Do what you want Kiowa.  I will not stop you.  But once you return to this palace you will not leave any more.  Is that understood?”
“Yes, your highness.”
My father gave us another glance before leaving the room.  I turned to face Kiowa who was shaking.  I grasped her hand in mine as she gave me a weak smile.
“You shouldn’t have upset him.”
“You’re one to talk.”
“I can do that Kiowa.  I’m leaving here.  You’re the one who have to remain behind with him.”
“Do not worry about your father.” She said patting my hand.  “I can handle him.  Let’s just finish our breakfast and then we’ll take a walk in the garden before your departure.”
We ate breakfast in silence both of us worried about the other.

The carriage came to a stop outside the Gates of Pearu.  I stepped out of the carriage ignoring the hand of the demon from yesterday.  I reached out a hand to Kiowa as she stepped out of the carriage behind me holding the end of her yellow gown in her hand.   The demon closed the carriage door and walked off giving us some time alone.
“Are you sure you didn’t want me to ask the servants to pack you some meat?  We’ve just got in the best prime meats from the souk and there are scraps from breakfast.  You enjoyed the lion’s meat this morning didn’t you?  Let’s go back and get you some.”  Kiowa rambled while dragging me back towards the carriage.
“Mother stop it.  I do not need any scraps.  Besides if I enter Belham with prime meats, I’ll be robbed.” 
“More the reason for you not to go.  I have some friends in the City that will hide you until your father finally comes back to his senses.”
“No need.” I said shaking my head.  My father was not going to come to his senses anytime soon.  “I’ll be okay in Belham. Everyone knows me, so there is no threat.  I’ll just do the jobs assigned for me and keep my head down.  You do the same as well. You’ve made it onto father’s bad side for a couple of days.  It’s best you stay to your garden.”
I placed a kiss on Kiowa’s forehead as she released tears.  I wiped a few of them away before turning and heading towards the gate.
“Aristaeus!”
Stopping in my tracks, I turned to see Dyos running towards me.  He ran past Kiowa giving her a half bow before coming to stop in front of me.
“Sorry I’m late.  The damn redhead siren I was with last night tried to take my soul while we were canoodling.  I think she forgot that I’m not a mortal man and it took me forever to gain my strength back.  You were right to skip out on the date with them.”
“Do I need to leave you with a babysitter while I’m away?”
“No I’ll be fine.  It’s you I’m worried about.  Has the King finally lost it?  How can he banish his son?  The least he could do is banish you off to another continent but an entire world.”
“Look, do not worry about me.  I will be back in no time.” I said.  I glanced over at Kiowa who was dabbing away at her eyes with her handkerchief.  “Just due me a favor.”
“Anything.”
“Keep an eye out for Kiowa.  She made the mistake of getting on Kavos bad side this morning.  He’s holding her hostage in the palace as soon as she returns, but I’m pretty sure he has more in store for her disobedience.”
“No problem.  The old man has a meeting with him today.  I’ll just head over there and sneak off to your quarters.  He won’t even know that I’m there.”
“Thanks man.”
I gave him a pat on the shoulder and turned back in the direction of the gate.  I walked up to the gate that housed the round door that would take me to Belham.   Two guards stood on the outside armed and in the middle was the King’s secretary.  I came to a stop in front of them as the secretary stepped forward, a parchment in hand.  Unrolling the parchment, he began to speak.
“Prince Aristaeus Priam, son of King Kavos Priam.  On this day of Febvos 11th, year of Priam—You have been sentenced to partial banishment from the world of Pearu by his highness King Kavos Priam.  The rules to your banishment are as follows:  You will take accommodation in Belham and complete all duties assigned to you by his highness.  You will not enter the world of mortals unless it pertains to your duties.  His highness will decide when your banishment is up, and only his highness can allow you back into the world of Pearu.  Prince Aristaeus Priam, this ends the reading of your banishment.  You may now enter Belham.”
The secretary stepped to the side as the guards rolled open the door.  I walked towards the doors as the image of Belham slowly came together.  
“Be careful Aristaeus!” Dyos shouted at my back.  “I’ll see you when you get home.  I’ll throw you a celebration.  I promise there won’t be any sirens!” 
The doors closed shutting off Dyos voice as I was now in Belham.  The barn smell of the bar surrounded me as I was once back in a place I’ve grown to call home. The bar wasn’t as full today since it was morning.  There was no band on stage playing and no succubus at the microphone.  I was very glad for the last one.  The last thing I need is a run in with Lilith today.  Os’ mar appeared from the door behind the bar and paused.  He stared at me with a look of pity as I made my way towards the bar.  Without speaking, he went to fix me a drink as I plopped down on one of the barstools.  He slid the cup of Kampe blood over to me as I threw it back and awaited another.
“So you’ve been banned huh?” Os’ mar said in his gruff voice as I tossed back the second cup.    
“So it appears.”
“What did you do to piss off the King?”
“I was me.” I said smiling up at Os’ mar. 
Os’ mar let out a rough chuckle as he cleaned some imaginary dirt out of a glass.  “Well hell that’ll piss anyone off.”
We both laughed.  I felt better already.  Os’ mar had no clue that I was the King’s son and that’s the way I wanted to keep it.  If he knew, he might want to take revenge for the hand he was dealt.  So it was because of my request when I first entered this world, that my identity had remained hidden.  Os’ mar thinks I’m nothing more than another demon servant to the King and I let him think no less.
“You have any jobs for me.”
“Yeah, I’ve got quite a few but none for today. You’ve been banished for Pearu.  That’s a cause for celebration.  Hey Zumgrel, strike up the band!”
Zumgrel had been snoring noisily at the piano, but at the sound of Os’ mar’s voice he leaped up and started to wail on the piano.  It wasn’t long for those whom had been sleeping had ventured down into the bar ordering drinks, dancing, and fighting.  I spotted Lilith making her way downstairs so I tossed the last drink I had down my throat and dived into the sea of fighting Chimera.

California was one place I’d hated more than any other in the mortal world. I hated New York as well, but it was something about California that drove me crazy.  Maybe it was because of the muggy heat.  Pearu, though it was hell, did not experience this type of heat. Our weather was always cool despite the stories about Hell being an inferno.  It wasn’t just the heat that bothered me here though— it was also the fact that I couldn’t wear my normal clothes in this weather without alerting the mortals to the fact that I might be some sort of freak.
So here I was dressed in a pair of beach shorts and a tank.  My black hair was still pulled into a ponytail and I still kept my demos and jugest strapped on me.  Though I was dressed in mortal clothing, I was still getting strange looks from traveling mortals.  However, there was nothing that I could do about that.  I’d changed into their clothing but there was no way I was getting rid of my weapons.  They would just have to stare.
“Excuse me sir, do you need a taxi?”
I stared in front of me at the tan skinned man inside the yellow box shaped car.  His eyes moved nervously from the weapons on me as he tried to decide whether or not if it was a good idea to speak to me.
“No, I do not need a ride anywhere.”  The man jumped at the sound of my voice startled.  He gave me another glance before speeding off into the flow of traffic almost causing a car accident.
I made my way down the sidewalks of the rich society as mortals walked to and from carrying bags full of pricy clothing, briefcases, and food bags.  I made no eye contact as I headed towards a jewelry building that was surrounded by the mortal police and terrified mortals.  I pulled out my list and checked it.  This was the right place.
I tucked the list into my shirt and headed towards the doors.  
“Hey!  You can’t go in there!”  
I ignored the police officer and stepped toward the doors of the jewelry store.  I sighed.  I hated things like this.  I really didn’t want to alert the mortals to the fact that I wasn’t mortal, but yet I had a schedule to keep to.  I would just pray the Gods will do what they do best and make the mortals think they were seeing things.  It turns out they were watching me. I stepped through the glass with no problems from the mortals.  In fact, they were looking around to see where I had disappeared to.
Making my way through the jewelry store, I could hear the faint cries of the hostages.  Coming to the room where they were being held, I peered around the corner and stared at the two gunmen who were pointing their shotguns at them.  The hostages quivered in the corner trying to protect each other.  This is where things being a Reaper get tricky.  Being in the world of the mortals, you sometimes found yourself getting attached.  And as a Reaper, you see the many deaths these mortals face and sometimes want to help them.  But it is out of our hands.  Gods and Demons are not made to interfere with the lives of mortals.  Gods may offer advice and companionship, but they cannot woo mortals on a specific course.  It goes against the rules of their God.
So with that being said, I had no choice but to wait for the souls that will soon be exiting the realm of mortals and waiting in the balance. It didn’t take long.  One of the male hostages made a foolish but courageous move to take the gun and ended up getting himself shot.  The gunman was so thrown off that he didn’t see the other two male hostages rushing him knocking him to the ground.  The gun went off again, this time killing the gunman as the police were making their way in.  
The hostages ran from the room as I quickly entered unnoticed and stood over the body of the male hostage.  I could hear the boots of the mortal police as I called forward the soul of the hostage and then moved over to that of the gunman.  I placed the souls in my box just in time as the mortal police rounded the corner. If they had been a second early they would have seen the ball of light exiting the dead bodies and I would have had some explaining to do to the Gods.  As it were, I made my way pass them as I came in and back into the hot streets of California.

I arrived back in Belham around nightfall.  The Norjels went through their same routine before releasing me.  I walked into Os’ mar’s bar and grabbed a seat at my usual stool.  Os’ mar was in the corner talking on the telephone no doubt to the King. I glanced around the room to see everyone, everyone but Lilith.  Looks like my night will be free of annoyance.  Os’ mar hung up the receiver and made his way over to me.  There was a slight frown on his face and I instantly tensed.  Had my father gone against my wishes and spoken of my true identity?  No, I immediately answered that question.  My father would not want the creatures of Pearu to know that he had banished his son.  His image would be ruined.
“Rough night?”
 “Not rough, more like strange.” Os’ mar answered.  “Come with me to the back.”
I got off my stool and followed Os’ mar behind the bar through the door.  The room was a small size of an office I have seen plenty of times in the mortal world.  In fact this room was made just in case mortals ever discovered Belham.  Os’ mar walked over to the desk and picked up the telephone.  He punched in a couple of numbers before placing it back on the handle.  The room made a groaning noise as the desk slowly moved over.  The floor tiles gave away creating a circle opening in the floor.  Inside the whole was a spiral staircase that led further down into the opening.
Os’ mar stepped down the stairs as I followed behind him, the opening closing and the desk sliding back into place.  Gold lamps were attached to the wall as blue light illuminated from within them.  We came to the end of the steps to see a gold barred door.  Os’ mar pushed the stone on the side of the door to the side as a scanner popped out.  The scanner was an exact copy to the one that got you into Pearu.  The door opened and the scanner returned as we stepped through revealing Os’ mar’s secret treasure room.
The room was of a shape of an octagon.  Gold locked boxes covered two of the left walls and two of the right walls.  In the middle was another desk accompanied by two chairs and behind it on the wall was the vault.
“You’ve got the souls?” 
“Yeah.” I said.
I reached into my jacket and removed the box handing it over to Os’ mar.  Os’ mar waved to a seat as I plopped down.  I watch him walk over to one of the locked boxes, opening it and placing the box inside.  The gold box snapped shut and locked on its own.  Os’ mar made his back across the room over to the vault.  The vault opened with a whoosh as the smell of dragon scales took over the room.  Os’ mar removed a bag and filled it full of the teardrop shaped currency.  Once it was full, he closed the vault back and headed over to the desk.   
“What do you plan to do with dragon scales in Belham?” He asked tossing the bag over to me and plopping down in a chair.  “It can’t be for the booze and lodging.  The King covers that for you.”
“This money goes to the King, only a small percent comes to me.”
Os’ mar scoffed. “You would think the King would give you more seeing you have to enter that filth of a mortal world.  You should ask for half.”
“I do not negotiate with the King over money.  Money I have.”
“Well will you please loan me some.  I could never have more than enough money.”
“And what would you spend it on?  This is Belham remember.”
“I would save it for when I returned to Pearu.  False dreams I know, but one can hope.”  Os’ mar said.  “Maybe if I continue to do what the Zeus orders, he will convince the King to let me return.”
“Do you know what awaits you when you return?  You would want to return to a world where you’re labored as a traitor?”
“It will be hard.  I know that.  But the money I have made over here could guarantee me security and as long as I have you as a friend while over there, I could handle anything.”
I nodded agreeing with his words.  He was right.  While the move would be a tough one at first, his money would guarantee him a spot at the elite which came with guards and an invitation into the King’s circle.  The thought of the King made me think about Os’ mar’s phone call.
“Did you get a call from the King today?  You looked a bit dismayed when I returned.”
“No not the King.  It was from an informant in Pearu.  I haven’t talked to him a while so the fact that he was calling proved that his information was worth knowing.”
Os’ mar paused as I waited for him to continue.
“There is something big going down in Pearu.  My informant tells me there has been quite a few strange deaths recently and that the King has left the court many times this week.”
At that I sat up.  My father never left the court unless it was to the arena or a public event.  Other than that, meetings were held at the palace.
“What do you mean he left?  What about the Queen?”
“The Queen wasn’t with him.  The informant says she hasn’t left the palace at all.  She usually visits the town to convert with the citizens, but not as this week.  Only the King and his army have left the palace.  There are rumors that he visited Mayur and Arwid.”
“How much do you trust this informant?” I asked.
“While I wouldn’t trust him with my life—I trust him when it comes to his information.  His information has saved my neck back in the day despite the betrayal he later dealt me.”
I stared across at Os’ mar.  I could tell we were thinking the same thing.  Something was developing in the world of Pearu.  

I entered my room that I’d taken claim to the first time I arrived in Belham.  I walked over to the phone that was in my room and picked up the receiver.
“Pearu to Belham, where may I direct your call?”
“Get me the King’s palace.” I said.
“I’m sorry sir.  Calls from Belham cannot be connected to the King’s palace.  Would you like me to direct your call to the King’s secretary?”
“This is Prince Aristaeus Priam, β3721£49.  Get me the King’s palace now!”
“Yes your highness, I apologize.  Routing you to the palace.”
 The line held for a moment before a familiar voice picked up the line.
“Aristaeus!  Is that you?”
“Yes mother it is me.  What are you doing picking up the line? Where are the servants?”
“I had them direct any calls from Belham concerning you to my private line. How are you?  Are you being treated well there?”
“I’m fine.” I said gripping the phone.  I could feel the waves of her worry coming through the line.  I missed her.  “Mother I must ask you something and you must be truthful with me.”
Kiowa got quiet on the line and I’d thought she’d disconnected.
“Kiowa?”
“I’m here.  Go ahead Aristaeus.  Ask your question?”
“What is going on over there, and don’t tell me nothing.  I know that father has left the palace and is traveling with an army to Mayur and Arwid.”
“Honestly Aristaeus, I do not know much.  Only what the servants tell me.  They say more killings have been happening.  This time it is Prince Famar’s daughter.”
“Ilia.” I said remembering her name from the conversation I had with the Prince.  “She is dead.”
“Yes, as well as her court ladies.  They say Eris is behind it and she’s been gathering her followers.  They say she wants a war Aristaeus.”
The thought of Eris running loose through Pearu killing royalty worried me.  Mayur was the second biggest palace in Pearu.  It was guarded heavily just like our palace. If Eris could get passed the guards into the palace to kill the Crown Princess, she could do the same to Kiowa.
“Mother, listen to me.  I want you to find Dyos and remain in my quarters.  I will find a way home.  Do you understand me?”
There was no reply on the line.
“Mother? Kiowa!”
“The phones are out.” said a voice behind me.
I turned around to see Lilith standing in my room.  I slowly placed the receiver back on its hook as I stared at her.  “How did you get into this room?  The door was locked.”
“I have the key.”
The gold set of keys that belonged to Os’ mar jingled in her hand as she smiled brightly at me.
“Who were you on the phone with?”
“My business does not concern you.”
“Ah, Aristaeus.  Don’t be like that.”  She said walking up to me.  “I was just worried since I’ve heard the news about you no longer being welcomed in Pearu.  Must bite the big one.”
“Doesn’t bother me much.  I’ll be heading back no time soon.”
“Of course you will seeing how you’re the King’s son.”
I tensed and stared at Lilith.  How did she know that?  She had to have been digging.  Or could it be she’d seen me once in Pearu before she was banned. 
“By your quietness, I can tell that I am right which means I must be right about you calling home.  Who was on the other line?  The Queen, Kiowa.”
“What do you want from me?” I asked.
Lilith smiled.  “What I’ve always wanted, you.  For the two of us to marry and become rulers of our world.  The King and Queen of Pearu.”
“I hate to break the news to you sweetheart, but there is already a King and Queen of Pearu.”
“Not for long.” 
The smile on her face was one of secrecy and I felt a sense of dread.
“What do you mean?” I asked grabbing her shoulders.
Screams sounded downstairs taking my attention off of Lilith.  I pushed her to the side as I ran out my room and stood on the balcony of my floor.  I stared down below in horror as the residents of the Belham were being attacked by creatures of the Damned that I’ve never seen here before.  I withdrew my demos and was about to head down when Lilith gripped my shoulders.
“Do not get involved Aristaeus.  In time, this will all be over.”
I shoved her hands off of me and turned to face her. “What have you done?”
“I’ve done what I had to do for us.  The time has come for a new era and she has promised to grant us any land that we want. The two of can rule as King and Queen.”
I stared at Lilith as it all came together.  “You’re one of her supporters. You’re working for Eris.  How can you betray your King?”
“He is not my King.  Kavos has grown weak while Eris has seen the future.  She doesn’t bow down to these Gods like Kavos does.  She is powerful. More powerful than any of us could have imagined.”
I was tired of hearing her nonsense.  I turned away from her to make my way down the stairs.
“I have broken the Gates Aristaeus!”
I paused on the step and turned to face her.
“What?  What did you say?”
Lilith smiled.  “The Gates to Pearu have been broken.  The Creatures of the Damned are free to roam into the mortal world.”
I stared at Lilith as she stared back her features changing into something far more evil that I’ve ever seen.
“You have no idea, what you’ve done.”
Her smile dropped as I headed down the stairs.  As my foot hit the bottom step, loud thunder sounded. Flashes of light came from the sky as everyone started to scatter.  Some ran back towards the Gates of Pearu while others escaped through the veil to the mortal world.  Lightning struck again as four figures entered through the doors that led to Pearu.  Years of childhood fear went through me as I stared at the figures dressed in gold armor.  
One of them stepped forward conveying a symbol I knew in my sleep.  It was the symbol that identified the Gods.  As the God’s eyes scanned the room, he clutched a sword the shape of a lightning bolt in his hand.  
It was then I felt my breath catch.  
It wasn’t just any God.
It was Zeus. 



   











Four

At the sight of the Gods standing in the bar, the creatures of the Damned that remained instantly ran for the exits.  The Gods that stood behind Zeus race past him after the escapees.  I glanced back up the stairs to see that Lilith had disappeared already as well.  Since the Gods had yet to spot me, I backed up behind the corner and made my way to the back door that Os’ mar kept hidden from the other residents.  It was one that led out into the field away from the Norjels.  I had no clue where Os’ mar had disappeared to or if he knew that the Gods would be coming here tonight.  I couldn’t search for him.  I had to leave, but where to.  There was no way that I could return through the Gates of Pearu tonight.  Not with the Gods standing in front of it.  I had no choice but to enter the mortal world.  But how long can I remain hidden before they detected me.
I pushed open the back door and headed out into the fields. The grass of the field was broken from where someone had trampled through.  The damage look to be of one recent and I knew that it was Lilith who came through here.  The thought Lilith made me grit my teeth.  She was the one who’d done this.  She’d led fellow outcasts to their death and brought the Gods wrath down upon us.  But why?  Why would Lilith have the outcasts killed?  Did they know something important?  Is that why she killed them?  Those in the bar were either criminals or betrayers.  Creatures that the King did not find worthy of meeting the blade of his sword.  They were no one important, so why kill them? 
I came to a stop at the end of the trampled grass and glanced around.  Lilith’s tracks stopped here.  There was nothing but fields and a forest ahead.  She couldn’t have gone that way— the grass would have showed it.  It seems that she had teleported.  It was strange.  Lilith was a Succubus.  They did not possess the skills to teleport.  She had to have gotten this from Eris.  I decided to do the same.  
I teleported into the deserts of Tunisia, the smell of dawn in the air.  The sun would be up soon and so will the mortals.  I shuffled through the sands of the desert, my boots sinking with every step.  A hawk flew above me as I made my way towards a small stream that I knew was located around here. I finally reached the small oasis that was surrounded by trees and wild flowers.  Stepping through the tangled grass, the oasis inhabitants grew quiet.  They sensed that I was a different species than them.  I was an intruder and if I wasn’t careful nature would react.  Coming to a stop near the stream, I leaned down and reached my hands into the water.  The water felt cool down my throat as I sighed with contentment.  Water was something even those of the Damned needed in order to live.
A gust of wind blew behind me as I quickly turned around, my demos clutched in my hand.  There was nothing behind me but the wind had suddenly picked up heavily.  The sky above me lit up with light as a ray of it shot out striking the ground in front of me.  I raise a hand to block my eyes from the blinding light as a humming sound vibrated through the air.  The oasis inhabitants began to chirp and squeak noiselessly.  The humming finally stopped as the light began to dim.  Slowly, I removed my hands from shielding my eyes as I stared in front of me.
The sight in front of me instantly made me clutch my demos as I took a step back.  A woman stood in front of me with the same complexion that I’d seen on the Gods back at Belham. They had found me.  I knew it wouldn’t have taken long, but I didn’t expect it to be so soon.  The God or in this case Goddess, stared across the forest at me.  One thing I can say about Gods was that they were nothing like mortals pictured.  But then again, neither were we.  The Goddess in front of me stood about five foot seven.  She had a face of a mortal teenager that was surrounded by golden blond hair.  Her eyes were iridescent.  With every blink they changed to a new color.  Unlike the other Gods that I’d seen, she did not wear armor.  Instead she was dressed in a long black dress that went to her feet.  It had thick straps that were wreathed with gold foil along the bosom.  Around her waist was a thick gold belt that connected into a circle on her stomach.  The symbol of the Gods was etched into the circle.  She wore two draped golden earrings that resembled balances and around her wrist was a bracelet with several miniature lightning bolts.  The way they hung on the bracelet reminded me of a key ring.
She took a step forward and I stepped backwards.  I was not going to become a captive of the Gods.  I had to get back to Pearu to check on Kiowa and my father even if that meant attacking one of them.
“I won’t harm you Aristaeus.”
At the sound of her voice I froze.  It was so soft as if she had spoken from far away though she was a few feet in front of me.
“How do you know my name?”
“I’ve always known your name Aristaeus.  I know everything there is to know about the son of the King of Pearu.”
I swallowed.  She knew exactly who I was, but why did I think any different.  “Who are you?”
“I am Astraea.  Goddess of Justice, Daughter of Zeus.”
“I thought Zeus only had one daughter.”
She laughed.  “You speak like those of the mortal world.  It is true what the myths say about Athena being my father’s favorite daughter, but there are many more of us.  Athena is the most well-known because she is the one who leaves our world the most.”
“If you come not to harm me, than what is it that you want?”
“I’ve come to help you return home safely.”
I stared at her confused.  Was this some sort of trick?  “Why would you want to help me get home?  The Gates of the Damned are broken, shouldn’t you be trying to execute me like the rest of your kind seemed to be doing.”
“They are not executing anyone.  They are simply returning them back to the realm of Pearu.  Only those who feel the need to fight back will be attacked.”
“You still did not answer my question.  Why do you want to help me?”
“Because it’s what you want.”  She said with a soft smile.
“What do you know of what I want?”
“I know a lot about you Aristaeus.  I have watched you for a long time.  You are one interesting creature.  You’re not like the others.  You actually feel for the mortals.  I feel your compassion for them every time you reap a soul.  It pains you to see them in losing their lives that way.”
“You know nothing about me! “ I yelled pointing my demos at her.  “I do not care for those hairless apes.  They are an abomination that your God created.”
Even as I spoke the words I’d so often heard my father speak, I could not find myself to agree with them.
“Why do you hide your feelings Aristaeus?  Are you afraid that those of your kind will not accept you if you care for mortals?”
“What do you think?  Do you think creatures so immoral, so despicable that they had to be named the Damned would show kindness to me for being a sympathizer.”
Astraea glanced off in thought. She turned back towards me blinking her eyes from green to blue.  “Forgive me Aristaeus.  I didn’t mean to upset you.”
The way she said it made something stir in my chest.  I wanted to comfort her and tell her that she didn’t upset me, but I stayed in place.  I needed to get away from her.  She was doing strange things to me.  I found myself gazing into her eyes every time she spoke.  It was like I was in a trance.  I was so taken with her despite the anger I was supposed to feel that the hand that was holding my demos had loosened.  
I realized that she was watching me staring a hole into her.  I cleared my throat and gripped my demos in my other hand.  “Can you really get me back into Pearu?”
She nodded.
“What about the other Gods?  What about your father?”
“They do not know that you are here.  I have hidden us from their view.  My father knows that I am here, but he is too busy right now to figure out why.  However, it’s only of time before he comes this way to find out so we need to leave.”
“How do we get there?”
“There is a hidden entrance not far from here.  You can enter into your world from there.” 
She made her way towards me as I tensed.  It was only after she was past me that I relax a fraction.  Taking a deep breath, I hoped that she was not leading me off to slaughter as I followed behind her.

The two of us walked in silence with nothing but the noises of nature to keep us company. She didn’t seem to worry about the fact that I was heavily armed.  She could probably handle herself.  
“If you are the Goddess of Justice, aren’t you supposed to be carrying a torch?” I said breaking the silence.
“I do not carry a torch.  I am the torch.”
“You’re the torch?”
Astraea nodded.  “During war, my body glows signaling the start of the battle.  I walk behind my father as I hand him his bolts of destruction.”
“Do you have any powers of your own?”
“Yes, though I am afraid that I cannot share them with you.  It goes against our rules.”
I scoffed.  “Didn’t know you guys actually had rules you had to follow?”
“Of course.  Why wouldn’t we?  We have a world and community just like creatures of the Damned and mortals. And like you we must follow rules if we are to stay united.”
“A world like ours huh, what’s it called.”
Astraea laughed.  “Nice try, but you know that I can’t reveal that to you.”
She had a cute laugh, I thought to myself. 
“Well since you cannot reveal much about your world, maybe you can fill me in on why you find me interesting.”
“I told you.  You’re different.”
“That doesn’t sound too interesting. Not enough to watch someone and know everything about them.”
Astraea turned towards me, her eyes now a shade of pink.  The way she looked at me made me feel uncomfortable.
I cleared my throat and turned my attention in front of me. I had been so busy trying to figure her out that I hadn’t noticed that I was no longer walking behind her, but beside her.
“How old are you?” I asked.  “I’m only saying it because you look young.”
“In mortal years, I’m sixteen.”
“And in God years?”
“The number is too long to speak.” She said.  She reached down and snatched up a flower slowly inhaling it.
“Well, according to mortal years, I’m seventeen.”
“I know.”
“You know?” I asked raising my eyebrow.
“I told you I know everything about you.  Though you are the age of seventeen, you act far wiser than your years.  Some of the decisions you have made, I couldn’t picture a young male mortal making.”
“Humph, tell that to my father.  In his eyes I’m nothing more than a child.”
Astraea said nothing.  It was obvious she had seen the numerous encounters that I’ve had with my father.  I found myself getting a little embarrassed and hope that she did not see me in the same light as he did.  I don’t know why I cared what she thought, but I did.
“Your father will come to respect you in time.” She said speaking after a moment of silence.  “His greed is just clouding his judgment right now.  He loves you Aristaeus.  You do not have to wonder about that.”
“That’s a bit of a reach Astraea.  I know you Gods are supposed to see the good in everyone, even those of the Damned, but when it comes to the King, there is nothing of love in his body.  Only tolerance.”
The two of us said nothing as we continued to walk.  Dawn was now over as the sun broke through the clouds.  I found myself squinting my eyes as my annoyance for the heat once again rose.  
“How much further do we have to go?”
“Not much farther.  It’s just over that hill.”
“Couldn’t we just teleport to the entrance.  That would probably save some time.”
“Yes it would save some time, but it will also alert the Gods to you.  It’s best you remain under my veil until we get there.”
“Will you be in trouble for helping me?”
“Yes.”
“Then why help.” I asked filled with worry.
“I told you, because you wanted it.”
I found myself staring at the side of Astraea’s face.  She’d come all the way down here to risk punishment just because it was something that I wanted.  It didn’t make any sense.  We knew nothing of each other, more like I knew nothing of her, yet here we were.  For a second I thought that maybe this could be one of her powers.  Maybe she granted people’s wishes, but that didn’t seem right.  She was a Goddess of Justice, not a genie.
“Is this some type of mission you’re on?”
“Huh?” She asked turning to me her face filled with confusion.  I felt my chest tighten as I once again looked away from her.  What was she doing to me?  Did she have me under some kind of spell?  Maybe this is why mortals’ myths claim that they could not stand to look upon Gods and angels.
“You said you’ve been watching me for a while, and now you’re down here risking yourself with punishment for me.  I’ve read somewhere that Angels travel to the mortal world to carry missions and I just wondered if it was the same for Gods.  Am I your mission?”
Astraea laughed.  “I wish you were my mission.  Maybe then I could explain to others why I am constantly staring down at you.  They do not seem to believe that you only interest me.”
We came to a stop near the edges of a lake.  On the other side of it were tiny huts that were inhabited by groups of mortals.
“We are here.  This lake is a portal to your world.  It should bring you in the countryside near Nicolle, though I warn you the land is inhabited by Sirens.”
“Don’t worry. I’ve dealt with Sirens before.”
The two of us stared at each other awkwardly.  Despite my earlier rush on returning to Pearu, I found myself not wanting to leave Astraea just yet.  She seemed to sense this as she gave me a smile.
“Go Aristaeus.  Your mother is waiting for you.  She is worried.”
I nodded but still did not move.  “Will you be okay?”
“Yes.  Now hurry, my veil is weakening.”
I nodded and walked towards the black water of the lake.  I stepped in the cold water as it soaked the bottom of my pants.  I made my way to the middle and felt the opening she was talking about.  Turning around, I took another glance at Astraea as she stood on the hill watching me.  Thunder roared as flashes of light lit up the sky.
“Go Aristaeus! Poseidon is coming.  Go now!”
I didn’t need any further persuading.  Poseidon was the King of the sea, lakes, and rivers.  He could easily capture me.  I dived down into the opening and swam my way further below.  The water vibrated and I knew Poseidon was in the water behind me.  The sound of the water roared in my ears as I felt it grip my legs trying to pull me backwards.  It held on tight as I kicked at it.  I was almost near the world of Pearu.  I could feel the slight warmth I always did when it came to my home.
Glancing down, I saw a brown haired man gripping my legs.  He wore a gold crown with spikes that swooped up making a wave.   His strength was indescribable that he almost had me.  I couldn’t let Astraea’s sacrifice go to waste.  Calling forth my demon powers, I released a burst of fire through my body.   The fire shot to Poseidon’s hands as he let go and fanned around him.  That slight distraction was enough for me to escape from his grasp and through the opening to Pearu.
My head burst through the surface as I wasted no time swimming towards land.  A couple of Sirens leaned against a wooden boat, but at the sight of me they dove in the water.  I pulled up out of the water onto the land and withdrew my demos pointing it at them.
“Do you know who I am?”
The sirens shrunk back in fear.  The redhead that seemed to be the one Dyos described raised her hands in surrender.
“Please forgive me my young lord.  We did not know it was you.  We thought you were an intruder.”
“Do not lie to me.  I know that you’ve been trying to take souls from those of Pearu.  If I find proof of this, that will be the end to you and your land. Is that clear?”
“Yes, your highness.”
I backed away from them, my hand still clutching my demos.  It wasn’t until I was a good few feet away that I turned and ran.

I hopped off the silver wagon and thanked the owner for giving me a lift.  Walking up to the Gates of the Palace, I noticed the doubling of guards.  At the sight of me, the guards rushed forward.
“Your highness, you’re alive. We were told everyone in Belham were either killed or taken away by the Gods.”
“I am fine.” I said raising my hand.  “Where are my father and Kiowa?”
“The Queen is inside palace.  She was with your friend Dyos but at the news of Belham being destroyed, he left to go find you.  The King is on his way back here from Arwid. He should arriving shortly.”
 I nodded.  “Stay alert.  I want this palace guarded at all times.  Commander send some of your men to fetch Dyos, I’m going up to see Kiowa.”
“Yes, your highness.”
“Once you return, pull up the bridge.  No one but the King is to enter the palace.  Understood.”
“Yes, your highness.”
I left them to their assignments as I ran up the steps of the palace.  The palace had a cold feeling to it more than usual.  As I ran past the servants, I asked them whereabouts of my mother.  They told me she was still in my wing.  I raced up the stairs to my room and threw open my door.  Kiowa laid across my bed dress in her green nightgown, tears streaming down her face. At the sight of me she stopped crying and leaped up.
“Aristaeus!”
“Yes mother, it is I.”
She ran towards me and pulled me in a tight hug.  I felt my arms wrap around her as she sobbed into my chest.  Her luminous purple hair had a dull shine to it and her face was one of paleness.
“Oh Aristaeus, I’m so happy you’re alive.  I’m so happy the Gods spared you.  I couldn’t get you through on the phone lines and when I heard the news, I thought for certain you’d been killed.”
“Everything is alright now.  I am safe.”
Kiowa pulled away from me and grasped my face in her hands.  “You mustn’t leave. I do not care what Kavos says.  I will not hear of this time.  If you leave, I leave.”
“Let’s hope it does not come to that mother.  Now let’s get you cleaned up and get us some dinner.  Father should be arriving soon.”
“Yes, you’re right.  I’ll get ready and have the servants prepare a meal.”
Kiowa ran off to her room as I made my way to the wash.  I quickly cleaned and dressed into a purple suit blazer and my black pants.  I was sitting on my bed tying my boots when the doors opened revealing Dyos.
“Aristaeus!  You’re alive.” He ran towards me to hug me but I stopped him raising a hand.
“Did I not tell you to keep an eye out on Kiowa?”
“I know, but when I heard that you were in trouble I had to come.  What was I supposed to do, stay?”
“Yes.” I answered with anger.  “I do not care if Zeus himself told you to come, I told you to watch my mother.  The Rogues are going around assassinating royalty and my mother could have been next.”
Dyos sighed.  “I know.  I’m sorry Aristaeus. I promise you I was making my way back to her when the guards came.  I won’t abandon her again. You can trust me.”
“It’s okay. Let’s just go down for dinner.  Father should be here soon.”
We made our way downstairs to the foyer just as the doors to the palace burst open.  My father strode in as the servants bowed down to him.  Behind him were the General and the members of The Courant.  At the sight of me, he stopped.  In that split second, he allowed me to see what Astraea had been speaking about.  In that split second, he seemed worried.  In that split second, it was over.
“I see you made it out alive.  You’re not so useless after all.”
“It is nice to see you to father.  May I have a word with you?”
“Not now Aristaeus.” My father said walking past me.  “I have a meeting.”
“Well this is important, I have some information-”
“Aristaeus we will listen to your information later.” The General said speaking up “Right now we have to get ready.”
Dyos and I stared at each other as we stared at my father.  My father was shooting a glare in the General’s direction that said he did not want me knowing that.  That glare instantly put me at unease.
“Ready?  Ready for what.”
My father straightened his jacket and stared at me calmly.  “For what we’ve been waiting for.  Tonight we plan.  And then we go to war.”
“War?” Dyos said just as confused as I was.  “War with whom?”
“The Gods.” answered the General.  “We the Damned will attack the Gods.”

Five

Dyos and I sat outside my father’s office waiting for the meeting to be over.  After announcing his plans to go to war with the Gods, the General swept him and the members of The Courant off to his chambers for a private meeting.  I tried to follow them but was held back by my father’s guards.  I stayed outside the door arguing with the guards before Kiowa finally came to sweep Dyos and I off for dinner.  After the dinner we separated, Kiowa off to her garden trapped in her thoughts and Dyos and I here under the scrutiny of guards. 
“I don’t take it that he likes you very much”
I turned my eyes from the glass of Kampe blood over to Dyos.  “Who?”  Dyos pointed over in the direction of the guards as my eyes followed to the demon he was speaking about.  Our eyes connected as I released a soft chuckle.  “Ah, that fellow.  We have a score to settle according to him though I’m afraid in the end it would make even more my adversary.”
Dyos laughed as Broxton shot me a glare.  He did not take too kindly to my words and without a doubt he would retaliate soon for his humiliation.
“I miss this.” Dyos said staring at his empty glass.  He waved a hand to a servant that was standing by the wall as they quickly made their way over to refill his glass.  Dyos like the rest of the demons I knew preferred to drink fox tears.  I think only the King and I could handle the harsh liquid of Kampe blood which made us seem very virile to the ladies of Pearu.  Once Dyos glass was filled, he continued with his conversation.  “I miss us lounging around the palace causing trouble for the guards, annoying the King, or even going out into the City for entertainment.  Now because of The Rogues, everything is in ruins.  They have caused a problem between us and the Gods that the individuals of Pearu are too afraid to go outside their homes.  They’re afraid that Zeus is walking the streets of Pearu ready to dish out punishment to anyone he sees.”
“The citizens of Pearu should not worry themselves with the thought of Zeus walking the streets of Pearu.  The King will not allow it no matter how powerful the God may be.”
“You’ve the seen the God in action when you were at Belham didn’t you?  Do you think he will show mercy on us despite the transgressions of The Rogues?”  
I thought back to the barn at Belham and how the Gods had swooped in the place.  I remember at first glance thinking they were chasing after us to kill us.  But it was only after speaking to Astraea that I was told different.  They did not wish to harm us; they were just following the bylaws.  The creatures of the Damned had challenged the rules of Zeus by breaking through the Gates of Pearu and trying to enter the mortal world.  Those whom had tried to escape had brought the wrath on Zeus themselves.
“Aristaeus?”
“I do not think we will be punished for their actions.” I said breaking away from my thoughts to answer him.  “He would probably just enforce a stronger law so no more creations like The Rogues can be made.  Father says that Eris is the first ruler of this world and the most powerful, which is why those of the Damned flock to her.  Being dethroned by Zeus has left her filled with vengeance.  Breaking the Gates of Pearu I think is the first step of her revenge.”
Dyos and I got quiet and I could tell the guards behind was listening to our conversation.  They glanced around at each nervously and I knew they were worried about what I’d said.  If Eris was on a road of revenge because of being dethroned, then would she come for the throne?  Their minds were spinning with whom they would side for if such a thing happened.  Would they follow the King that they served under for centuries, or would they flock to the first ruler who brought true meaning to the reality of Hell the mortals feared.
The doors to my father’s office opened as The Courant exited.  They nodded their heads as they walked by as the servants walked in front of them leading them out of the palace.  The General stepped out after them and walked over to us.
“Aristaeus, the King would like a word with you.”  He said.  He then turned to his son.  “Dyos, you will be leaving with me.”
“But father, I told Aristaeus I would remain here with him.  We haven’t seen each other in months.  We have some catching up to do.”
“This is no time for foolishness Dyos.”  The General said.  His voice was a bit shaky and he appeared to be tired.  His young face for once now seemed its true age.  He was stressed.  “You will come with me now.  That is final.”
Dyos seemed to pick up on what I saw in his father as he no longer argued with him.  He stood up from the chair he was in and placed his glass on the table beside him.  Turning to me he said, “I’m afraid I have to take my leave Aristaeus.  I’ll send word soon on when we can get together.”
I nodded at Dyos as he and his father made their way down the hall and around the corner towards the front doors of the palace.  Pushing up from my seat, I placed my glass on the table and walked into my father’s office.  Unlike the Os’ mars office, my father’s was one of hidden ruins.  The whole composition gave off a world of Atlantis atmosphere as water ran from small square holes in the ceilings down to two long rectangles constructed in the ground.  The floor had clear tiles that displayed the colorful fish swimming beneath them.  The walls to the left and right however were filled with bouncing balls of black lights that were being heated by fire lined within the walls.  Those black lights were the souls of those from the mortal world whom had gone against the rules of their world and were now receiving the punishment of eternal damnation.  
In the middle of the room was my father sitting in his throne chair. The silver skulls on the hands of the chair gleamed; the eyes lightning controlling the fire that tortured the mortal souls. His fingers were entwined and his eyes were closed as he had a silent meeting with himself.  However, as I neared towards him, they slowly opened revealing the light shade of purple of his shattered eyes.  The dullness let me know that just like the General, he was tired.
“You asked to see me”
My father stared at me for a moment as if he was peering through my core.  His eyes roamed up before landing on mine.  “You said you had information for me.”
“Yes.  I think The Rogues had help from someone within in Belham.  Her name is Lilith and she’s a succubus.  She’s been exiled for only a couple months but I have yet to figure out why.  I thought that maybe you could tell me since all bans go through you.”
“Lilith?  Her name sounds familiar yes, but I do not recall banning anyone of that name.  What makes you believe that she is a gofer of Eris?”
“She seemed to know that Gods would be there that night.  She claims that Eris promised to her land, and she promised to spare me if only I take Lilith’s hand in conjugal.”
My father laughed as I raised one of my eyebrows.  My father was not one to chuckle or even laugh for the matter.  It was only of rare times that he found himself to be amused.
“I see Eris is still dishing out her mendacities.  Promising false hopes and dreams in order to have those follow her despite the web of power she yields.” 
“Is that what’s stressing you out?” I asked.
My father’s smile disappeared off his face as it was replaced by the usual scowl. 
“I am not stressed.  I am annoyed.  Because of her actions, Eris has forced me to start early on my plans to exterminate Zeus and his kind.  I wanted to catch him unaware but now because of her, he knows I’m coming!”  A damned soul from within the wall screamed as Father and I barely blinked.  “She will not get away with this.” Father said quietly.  “She has humiliated me for the last time.” 
“Do you think she will try to come for the throne?”
“Yes and No.  Though Eris is the first ruler of Pearu, she has always had her sights set on something much bigger.”
“The mortal world.” I answered. 
Father nodded.  “She has never been satisfied with just being the ruler of Pearu.  She wants to rule those of mortals as well.  Not that I could blame her much.  They do make for an interesting torment, though I do not have time for that.  I simply wish to exterminate their whole world.” 
I stared at my father as a gleam came to his eye at the mention of ridding the realm of mortals.  What he and Eris did not seem to get was that without the mortals, there would be no use for our kind.  Our world was created to be Hell.  A punishment world for mortals.  Without the mortals, our world would cease to exist.  We lived off their cruelty though we can no longer walk their world and inhale in it.  The damned souls of the mortals are what keep us living.  It’s what keeps us in existence.  Without them, the creatures of the Damned will have no one else to torture but those in Pearu that in the end would bring our extinction.
“Father, if I may.  I’d like to investigate more into Lilith.” I said.  “If you did not ban her to Belham, then I’m sure Eris sent her there.  For what purposes I do not know yet.”
“That could be a possibility.  Is there anything else?”
“Yes.  She said something about getting rid of Kiowa like they did Famar’s daughter.  I am worried that she will be next.”
My father’s eyes darkened the dull shade disappearing.  “They will not set one foot onto this land!”  He then stood up and folded his arms behind his back.  “Very well.  You may investigate this Lilith, but only her.  If you find out anything about Eris or even see a glimpse of her, you are to return to the palace immediately.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, your highness.”
 “Then it is settled.  I shall have some guards accompany you.”
“No father.” I said quickly.  “I plan to go and investigate Belham.  If the Gods see me with an army they may assume that a war has started and your plans will once again be foiled.  I’ll just take Dyos with me.”
“You are right.  I do not want to alert them to my plans just of yet.  Very well, take Dyos.  I will inform the General that he will accompany you.”
“Thank you, father.”
I bowed my head and turned to leave.  I’d taken four steps before my father’s voice stopped me.
“Aristaeus”
I turned around slowly and stared at him.  “Yes father.”
“How did you get back to Pearu?  The Gates were being guarded by Zeus and I’m sure if he’d seen you, he would have taken you with the rest to be questioned.  So how did you escape his sight and return here?”
Without blinking I answered, “Os’ mar had spoken of another entranceway to Pearu.  He claimed the Gods moved it constantly so it would remain hidden.  It was only by luck that I saw the whereabouts of it this time when I was in his office.”
“Is it still there?”
“I do not think so.  When I tried to return, I was followed by Poseidon himself.  He almost had me in his grasp, but I escaped.”
“Where is it located?”
“In the land of Sirens.”
My father nodded his eyes roaming over me in scrutiny.  Throughout it all I stood unmoved.  I could feel that a part of him did not fully trust the answer I’d given him and I was okay with it.  For some reason, I did not want to rat out Astraea to my father.  My father knew nothing of her and nothing of a secret entranceway into Pearu despite his being the King.  I knew because of the sudden events that he would not go and question Zeus about it.  He would probably send armies out to dig around for it but I know that it would no longer be there.  Poseidon would have alerted Zeus to the fact that entranceway had been discovered and would have erased it from existence.   
“What’s going on with the souls?  They seem to be on low supply.” I said trying to divert my father’s thoughts.
My father glanced over at the walls were the balls of light were hovering.  “Zeus has cut off our supply.  For now the souls are hovering between realms until further notice.”  My father turned back towards me. “You should get some rest Aristaeus.  You have a long day ahead of you tomorrow.”
“Yes, father.”
I bowed my head once again and quickly made my exit.

Despite the King’s advice to get some rest, I found myself doing the exact opposite.  I exited the back doors of the palace and made my way down the hill to the garden.  Few of my father’s guards were spread throughout the garden, bowing to me as I passed.  I found Kiowa bent down in a field of wild flowers dressing them in unicorn tears.
“I knew I’d find you here.”
Kiowa smiled up at me her hands not once ceasing.  “Where else in this palace can I go to have time to myself?  She stood up and placing her urn down.  “Did you get to chance to meet with your father?”
“Yes I did.  We spoke and he agreed to let me handle some things on my own.”
“Well that is nice.  It’s about time he starts giving you some serious responsibilities around here.  After all you will be the next in line for the throne once he is gone.  Maybe now he is seeing the leadership qualities that you possess.” 
“I’m not so sure on that.  I’m sure he has a secret agenda.”
Kiowa walked up to me and patted my face.  “Well it’s best you have one too then.”  She grabbed my hand tightly in hers.  “Come let’s go inside.  I’m sure your father is getting ready to announce night.”
“Yes.  He did look tired.”
The two of us walked up the hill with the guards and servants following close behind.
“Aristaeus I was thinking.” Kiowa said.  “In time you will be taking the throne despite what your father wants.  In keeping with the accordance of the laws of Pearu, it is time that we start looking for you a bride.”
“Mother you can’t be serious.  I swear sometimes you think of the strangest things to say.  Maybe father is right to keep you in doors.  Those flower fields have driven you insane.”
“The flower fields have done no such thing so do not go announcing reports like that to your Father.  He would have them cut down within seconds.  I am simply looking out for your best interests Aristaeus.  Believe it or not you will have to rule this world and a Crown Princess is needed at your side.  Now I know of some lovely earth demons that will make an okay Crown Princess despite them being bottom feeders.”
I stopped and grabbed Kiowa by the shoulders turning her to face me.  “Mother, I know you think you are doing your duty as Queen, but please stop it.  I am not ready for a bride especially an earth demon.”
“Well demons are the only ones that you can marry.  My goodness you’re thinking of wedding a succubus are you?”
 “I am not Dyos mother, the person I choose will be much better than that.”
At my words, Kiowa stared at me as knowing came on her face.  “You’ve found someone, haven’t you Aristaeus?”
“You are speaking nonsense again.”
“No I think I’m speaking the truth.  It’s clear in your eyes.  You have found someone of interest.  Who is she?  Is she someone in the City?  Or is she someone you’ve met during your time in Belham?”
I stared in horror at Kiowa who continued her wave of questions unaware that the servants were listening.
“She isn’t mortal is she?” She said breaking my thoughts.  “Aristaeus please tell me that you did not fall for one of them.  Your father will have a soul spasm not to mention the type of spasm I would have.”
“No mother she is not mortal, in fact there is no one.  So can we just let this go?”
Kiowa opened her mouth to say something else but the sound of the King’s horn stopped her.  The King was now asleep meaning it was night time in the world of Pearu.
“Fine, I’ll let it go tonight.  But we shall talk about this again.”
I nodded all the while thinking about escaping the house sometime in the morning.  Kiowa and I made our way into the palace as we bid each other good night at the crossway between our quarters.  Once she was out of sight, I made my way upstairs to my room and got dressed for bed.  Completely dressed, I walked over to the phone in my room and punched in the number for General’s castle.  The line beeped two times before someone answered.
“Castle of Orham, who may I direct your call to.”
 “This is Prince Aristaeus for Dyos.”
“One moment, your highness.”
The line held again for a few moments before Dyos voice entered onto the line.   “Ah, so you live.  My, have the King grown weak.”
“On the contrary, I think he’s grown stronger.  I can no longer read his thoughts as use to.”
“Damn him and his ingenious intellect.  Oh well, what is it that I can do for you at this witching hour my friend?”
“I am calling to confirm if the General has spoken to you of our plans for tomorrow.”
“Yes.  Smooth move covering up our part hopping with investigating.  I think you might be giving your highness a run for his money.”
“This is not a cover up.” I said speaking into the phone.  “We are going out on business.  My father is not seeing clearly right now.  The Rogues has him rattled and I’m afraid of what it might lead him to do.  His actions might lead to the destruction of Pearu and I cannot sit idly by and watch that happen.”
“Ah, spoken like a King.  You are well on your way to the throne.  What is it that you will need from me?”
“I need you to be ready to go soon as morning breaks.”
“Why so early?” Dyos asked. His voice was filled with confusion.  “Doesn’t the palace have mandatory breakfast?”
“Yes it does, but I’m afraid I will not be able to join them this time.” I said sighing.  “Kiowa had brought it upon herself to find me a bride.”
Dyos cackled into the phone as I pulled it away in annoyance.  
“Are you done yet?”
“Not nearly.”  He laughed.  “So the Queen is shopping around for potential Crown Princesses?  Who does she have in line?  Let me guess, earth demons.”
“Yes, she claims she knows some who would do well to rule beside me.”
“Ha!  Earth demons are nothing more than bottom feeder rejects.  They will bring down the monarchy Aristaeus, you just watch and see.  You need a creature fit to rule beside.  You need to bring in a new era.  You need a Princess of Siren blood.”
I frowned at the phone.  “Siren blood?  You’re recommending me someone of Siren blood.  Didn’t a siren just try to kill you the other night?”
“Yes, she did.  But that doesn’t mean I didn’t have any fun with her.  She was stunning so I’ll disregard what she did.”
I rolled my eyes.  “Is everyone speaking nonsense his evening?  There are way better choices for the throne then a siren.”
“You’ve found someone!  Didn’t you?”
“Great, now you sound like Kiowa.”
“Then it must be true.” Dyos said with a laugh.  “Tell me, who is she?  Is she someone from Belham?  Tell me you didn’t fall in love with one of those skinless apes did you Aristaeus?”
“Goodbye Dyos.”
I disconnected the phone and walked over to my bed.  I couldn’t believe Kiowa and Dyos.  Nothing in me had changed.  They were just teasing me, I told myself.  So why when I laid down on my bed, did I see the face of Astraea.
 



  

 


Six

The carriage pulled to a stop outside the Gates of Pearu.  Stepping out, I stared at the group of creatures that were working to repair the black dented gate.  However, at our arrival they turned around, faces worry that whoever was stepping out of the carriage would be the King.  At the sight of me, they calmed but yet were still alert.
“Gracious, she really did do some damage on it, didn’t she?” Dyos said stepping out of the carriage behind me.  He wore the clothes of the kingdom, his black hair braided into two long plats.  “I would love to know how she got one over on the Gods.”
“If I were you, I would not wonder about such things so loudly.”
I stepped over to the two demons that had accompanied us this morning. Due to request, Broxton had been removed from the list probably sparking more contempt he had for me.
“You may head back to the palace.  We will take it from here.”
“But your highness, the King said to wait for you at the Gates.”
“I have no idea the time we shall return.” I said.  “I do not want to waste your time when you can be performing other duties.  Do not worry, if we need transportation, I will call for you.”
The demon appeared a bit skeptical but finally nodded his head in agreement.  He climbed into the carriage closing the door as it started and headed down the road back towards the countryside of the palace.  Turning around, I faced Dyos.  “Let’s go.”
“Aristaeus, you know that I am willing to follow you everywhere.  But are you sure that it is okay for us to be on the outside of these Gates?”
“Yes, my father has spoken with Zeus.  He told him that we are investigating how the Gates were broken?”
“Ha!  And Zeus believed him.” Dyos laughed.
“Well we are investigating.”
“You’re investigating.  The King does not care.  I know that he has other plans.  My father has been hush hush these days but I know when something is up.  Let’s just be careful, okay.”
“Agreed.”
 The workers stepped out of the way as we approached the fence.  There was a new secretary of the courts at the fence today since the old one had been killed during yesterday’s escape.  We went through the usual forms of verifying ourselves and a new scanner that took our blood.  Once everything was approved, the doors to Belham slid open and we entered through.
The first thing I noticed when we stepped into the barn of Belham was the tables were still overturned.  There was dried blood from the battle between the creatures of our world.  The only clue that the Gods had been here was that of their symbol burned into the walls.  
“Remind me not to get banned from Pearu.” Dyos said staring around.  “I do not know how it is that you survived in such filth for so long.”
I ignored him as I removed my demos.  If Lilith or anyone else from The Rogue was here, I didn’t want to be caught off guard.  Dyos followed my suit as he removed his sword, his attention no more of laughter.
“Stay down here, I’m going to check upstairs were the rooms are.  If anybody comes, restrain them without killing them.  But if it comes to your or them, do not hesitate to kill them.”
“Understood.”
I left Dyos downstairs as I headed up the steps to the second floor.  The floor boards that had once been sturdy were now wobbly from the battle of yesterday.  As I passed the rooms, I opened the door of each one.  All of them seemed to be vacant, nothing but the resident’s belongings being left behind.  I finally arrived at the room I’d been staying in and slowly pushed the door opened.  Unlike the others, my room was not how I left it.  I didn’t have much to begin with here in Belham, but the little bit I did have was thrown around the room.
The covers from my bed were ripped to shreds, the mattress and pillows as well.  The drawers to the wooden desk in my room were busted, the stacks of paper now drenched in black ink as it lay scattered on the floor.  Someone had been looking for something, and I’m sure that someone was Lilith.  But what was it?  What did she think that I had?
I picked up my belongings filtering through to see if anything was left as a clue, but there was nothing.  I exited my room and continued to search the second floor coming up on a lost.  By the time that I came downstairs, Dyos had moved from his spot by the door of Pearu and was staring at the symbol the Gods had left behind.
“What do you think it means/” he asked without turning around. 
“I think it’s a warning to Eris.  Maybe to let her know that they are involved in it now.”
“But shouldn’t she already know that.  They see everything, from the mortal world to ours.  Which is why I don’t understand why they have yet to do something about her?”
“Their concerns are of the mortals, not of the Damned.” I said rounding the bar.  “I am going down to Os’ mar’s office.  Are you coming?”
“Yeah.  I’m right behind you”
I headed into the door behind the bar Dyos following close behind me.  The office like my room was disarray.  I now started to piece together the clues.  Lilith was after something in Os’ mar’s office.  A flash of her standing in front of me holding Os’ mar’s keys came to mind.  It was obvious that she thought that whatever she needed from Os’ mar that I would have.  It wasn’t a secret how close Os’ mar and I was around here.  However, we were not that close for Os’ mar to give me his secrets.
“Do you think Eris did this?” 
“More like her lackey.” I picked up the overturn desk and threw it to the side.  The hole in the floor was sealed so it seemed the room below had gone untouched.  I grabbed the phone that lay on the floor and pressed the numbers I had memorized Os’ mar doing yesterday.  It’s not like I knew something of this nature would happen, it was always just a precaution.  I memorized everything around me.   
Once all the numbers were pressed in, the floor began to move opening as I placed the phone back on its hook.
“How did you know that was there?” Dyos said peering down into the hole.
“Os’ mar showed me once.  Let’s go.”  
We headed down the spiral stairs as the ceiling closed back up above us.  I was glad for that.  I didn’t want anyone that could be watching to sneak down here on us.  We came to a stop at the doors that I visited yesterday. 
“It has a scanner.” Dyos said.  “How are we supposed to get past that?  Shall I call for the King to get Os’ mars information?”
“There will be no need for that.”
With one clean slash I removed the scanner from the door.  The skeleton that was attached to the scanner lay twitching on the ground.  Reaching in, I grabbed the loose wires in the wall and twisted to my liking until the doors snapped open.
“Whoa!  Where did you learn that?  I don’t care you’ve got to teach me.  I have a couple places that I need to get into.”
“No Dyos, you will not use these skills for whatever illegal activities that you have planned.”
“So says the Prince breaking into someone else’s property.”
 “I’m investigating.”
Dyos scoffed as I stepped through the doors.  This room was untouched.  No one had been down here.  But even as I thought that, I could not stop the feeling that was creeping up on me.  I walked over to the vault on the wall and opened it the same way I did the scanner outside the room.  The door swung open as the smell of dragon scales hit my nose.  Dragon scale coins lay piled up in rows to the ceiling, and in between them was a broken jar of scattered moonstones.  Since I had no idea exactly what moonstones were in the jar, I couldn’t find out if any were taken.
“The vault seems safe.” Dyos said peering over my shoulder.  “The money is still there.  It’s a waste really.”
“It will have to remain until someone from the court comes.  This is Os’ mar’s money.  Once we discover his whereabouts, he may come back and claim it.”  I closed the door to the vault.  “Seal it back.”
Dyos stepped up and placed his hand against the lining of the door.  He called forth fire to seal the door.  While he was taking care of that, I walked over to the locked boxes.  Calling forth my own fire, I burned the edges of the door until I could pry it open.  Inside were the boxes that I had brought Os’ mar over the years.  As I stared into the locked box, I took in the black box that was unlatched, its top pointing to the ceiling of the lock box.  The contents in the box were missing.
I pushed away from the lock box and turned to Dyos. “Dyos!  Check those lock boxes on those sides to see if they are opened and missing their contents.”
Dyos heard the urgency in my voice and ran to the other side of the room.  One by one, we removed the doors to the lock boxes only to find opened black boxes, their contents gone.  By the time we finished it was clear, that everything within these boxes were missing.
Dyos walked over to me.  His eyes were held with concern as he stared into my face.  “I don’t understand Aristaeus.  What is missing?  What was in these boxes?”
Slowly, I turned to Dyos as the words I didn’t want to say came tumbling out.  “Souls.  Mortal souls.”

Dyos and I headed back to Pearu since there was nothing else to find in Belham.  I split ways with him once we were within in the gate, claiming that there was someone I needed to see.  He didn’t believe me, but understood that I needed some time to myself.  Without me saying anything, he told me that he would keep the King occupied until I returned.  Once he left, I headed in the opposite direction towards the ocean.  
I knew the possibility of the entranceway still remaining in Nicolle was a long shot so I didn’t head there.  I also knew that my father had reacted just like I’d predicted and sent his army to search all lands of the sirens until he found the portal.  He was wasting power when he should have had those guards defending the palace. 
Carriages and carts rode by filled with food from the souks as the drivers turned their heads watching me as I made my way through the countryside.  I had to hurry because word would soon get back to my father that I was venturing towards the ocean.  My father would immediately have me brought back and questioned.  In due time, I would tell him what I know.  For right now, it was better that he didn’t trust me.
I came to the outskirts of the ocean and stared at the large mountain rocks that housed different creatures.  My boots splashed through the water as it soaked my pants.  I needed to get to the middle of the ocean.  If I got to the middle of the ocean, hopefully I would find the entrance way that would take me out of Pearu.  The closer I got to the middle of the ocean, the higher the water grew.  It wasn’t before long that it was up to my chin and I was floating by.  Dipping forward, I dropped my head underwater and swam until I reached the middle.
Coming upon the middle of the ocean, I waved my hands around trying to feel the hum that would announce the portal.  My hands grasped around at the water as fishes darted back and forth around me.  It wasn’t anywhere around the surface, so maybe it was down towards the bottom.  I tipped forward heading towards the bottom of the ocean but again there was nothing. 
Wading in the water, I tried to think of where the portal could be.  I was pretty sure that it opened up somewhere in the water.  Kicking off the floor of the ocean, I swam upwards until I broke the surface.  Water filled my eyes, as wet strands of my hair clung to my face.
“There he is!” 
I turned around in the water at the voice to see my father’s men up on the hill bank.  My father stepped out of the carriage and stared down at me.  The sight of him being here to soon worried me.  Maybe he knew I would come looking for the portal.  It seems as Dyos didn’t sway his attention away from me.  There was even possibility that my father hadn’t been at the palace when Dyos returned.  He probably had been waiting on me since I left.
Raising a hand, my father pointed towards me.  “Bring him to me, even if you have to harm him.”
The guards tore down the hill with battle screams.  Broxton was among them as he ran in front of the crowd.  On his belt, I could see a small dagger.  As my eyes connected with his, it spoke volumes.  He would try to kill me today.  He would probably mark it off as an accident or self-defense, but either way in his mind today I would be out of the picture.   
I swam further out of their reach before dipping back down in the water.  I knew there was nowhere really for me to run out here.  I would be dragged back by my father’s guards and let Broxton tell it, I will be floating dead in this water.
At that thought, another sudden thought came to me.  Closing my eyes, I wished to be outside the world of Pearu.  I wished to be in the world of mortals.  I wished to be back in the oasis of Tunisia. I held my eyes tight as I wished for this.
I counted to ten before opening them and finding myself still in within the body of water.  I pushed back up to the surface expecting to see the guards, but instead I saw trees, grass, and the night sky of the mortal world.  On the banks of the lake was Astraea perched on a rock.  I quickly swam towards her, pulling myself out of the water one I reached the bank.
Water ran off of me as I stumbled towards her.  Astraea stared at me her eyes blinking from white to gold.  Her lips parted into a smile as she spoke the words that it seemed I had been waiting to hear.
“Hello Aristaeus.”




SEVEN

Astraea stood up from the rock and walked towards me.  I found myself once again staring into her eyes locked into a trance.  It was only the thought of the conversation with Kiowa that finally made me pull away from her eyes.
“Are you casting a spell on me?”
“Huh?” Astraea asked tilting her head to the side.
“Never mind.”
I walked past her and sat down on the rock she had once claimed.  Calling fire to myself, I allowed a low heat to dry my clothing and hair.  “I’m surprised you came.  I thought you would have been locked away for helping me yesterday.” I said once my clothing was dry.
“I was locked away.  I escaped.”
“You escaped.  Why risk it if you’re going to get in more trouble?”
“As I told you before Aristaeus.” Astraea said sitting down on the grass next to me.  “It is what you wanted.  You wanted to leave your world.  You wanted to see me.” 
An uncomfortable silence settled between us as I found myself swallowing tightly.  I glanced over at Astraea who was staring at me with such innocence despite the apple green color of her eyes.
“Well you still shouldn’t have done it.  I don’t want to have any more troubles with your father when I have my own father to deal with.  Besides, I thought you didn’t grant wishes.”
“I don’t grant wishes.  I grant true needs.  You needed to escape what was happening in your world.  The need was so strong that it pulled at me until I answered.”
“Does that happen to all the Gods?” I asked.
Astraea shrugged.  “That I do not know since we are not allowed to discuss anything about ourselves with the others.  I just know what I feel.  I think it’s because I’ve formed some sort of attachment to you after watching you for all these years.”
“Well, thank you for coming to my rescue.  I do not know how I would have explained wading in the water to my father.  Even now I am trying to think of an excuse for when I return home.”
“Why were you in the water?”
“You did not see?” I asked confused.  I thought she saw everything.
“Not this time. I told you, I was locked away.  My father has banished me to my room until he can face me.” Astraea sighed.  “He is trying to understand my reasoning but the disobedience is a thing he must not tolerate.  Coming to see you, I’ve probably just made my case worse.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be.  I knew what the ramifications of my actions would be for coming here to release you and now cloaking you from their eyes.  They are probably searching the entire world for me.  Once they look into Pearu and see that you are missing as well, they will know then.”
“Will your father tell mine?”
Astraea shook her head as she stared out into the lake, the reflection of the moon shining bright against it like a mirror.  “No.  He will handle himself.”  We got quiet again for a moment.  The sound of crickets and beetles united creating a tranquil nighttime melody.  Astraea turned back to me.  “You did not answer my question earlier.  Why were you in the water?”
“I was trying to find the portal out of Pearu.  I knew it was a long shot that it would still remain within Nicolle.  I figured that it would have moved to another place with water, and since it was no longer in Nicolle, then there was only one other body of water it could have been located in, the ocean.”
Astraea laughed.  “It does not work that way I’m afraid Aristaeus.  The portals are very sensitive to the world of Pearu, so they travel to places that most creatures of the Damned don’t.  In Pearu, most of the creatures of the Damned fear the sirens because of their needs to take souls.  Since they’ve been cut off from the mortal world, the creatures of the Damned have become their substitute. Because of this, you do not travel there which makes it a safe place for the portals.  It was only because of your strong need to escape that I was allowed to manipulate it which is a immoral thing in our world.”   
“You talk about it as if it’s real.”
“They are.  How do you think that Poseidon got there so quickly?  You are a creature of the Damned who was outside the portals during the lockdown.  It screamed for the God who governed the place it was hidden.  In that case it was Poseidon, who is very ticked off at you by the way for burning him.” 
“I should be the one that’s ticked off.” I said thinking about the tight hold the God had on my legs.  “I thought he was going to pull my legs off.”
Astraea chuckled as she looked up towards the sky.  “He’s not that bad.  He’s quite friendly actually.  You just seem to catch him during combat mode.” 
I nodded and stared at an eagle swooping down to pick up a fish that had hopped up out of the water.  It flew away with the squirming fishes trapped in its clutches.  I instantly imagine that fish being me and the eagle being my father.  As soon as I returned, he would carry me away like that.  This time I think it will be for good.
“Why did you need to escape from your father so badly?”  
“I needed to ask you a question.” I said clearing my throat surprised that she had guessed my thoughts.  “What would happen if a creature of the Damned where to get their hands on the souls of a mortal?”
“That is not possible.  Those souls are heavily guarded.  Only my father can open those lockboxes.”
“I’m afraid that is no longer true.” I said.  Astraea stared at me as I continued.  “I went to Belham today.”
“I know.  I overheard Athena and Apollo talking about it.  They were supposed to be watching you, but something else grabbed their attention.”
“Well they should have been watching.  If they had, they would have seen what I seen.  I went to investigate to see if I could find anything on one of Eris flunkies when I noticed the disturbance in the room I’d been staying in.  I checked Os’ mar’s office and his office was torn apart like my room and it was then I remembered a succubus named Lilith, had Os’ mar’s keys.  That prompted me to check the hidden room beneath the floorboards were Os’ mar had taken me the other day.  The vault in the room was still filled with currency, only a few moonstones were missing.  It was only an excessive pulling that I felt that made me decide to check the lockboxes.  I opened them to see that the boxes that I’d carried away the mortal souls in were all empty.  I think Lilith took them.” 
The silence from Astraea spoke volumes.  The missing of the souls was not a good thing.  Lilith taking them meant something big.  I stared at Astraea, her face was impassive, but her eyes were the opposite.  The usual changing with a blink had disappeared as they were now changing as soon as they appeared.  It was like a rainbow-colored flashing light.
“Astraea.” I said placing a hand on hers.  A warm heat unlike the one I was used to spread through our hands making its way through our bodies.  Astraea’s eyes stopped flashing landing on blue as she stared wide eyed at me.  “Are you okay?” I said finding my voice.
Astraea nodded— her eyes still the size of a cat’s.
“What does it mean?  Lilith taking the souls.”
“Nothing good.” Astraea said.  “Eris is unlike any other creature in Pearu.  She’s not a demon or one of the Damned.  She is a Rakshasa.”
“What?”  
“Do not get confused.  She is not a God like us, but yet she is.  Eris was created from the foot of the Hindu God of Creation.  Because the Hindu God went against our Great God wishes to replicate, he killed the Hindu God and banished his cruel daughters to a world as malicious as them, thus Pearu or in mortal worlds Hell was born.  The two oldest daughters of the Hindu God begged for forgiveness, but his youngest Eris did not.  She felt betrayed by the Great God and her sisters.  One night as they slept, Eris killed them in their sleep.  While the Great God was creating his world of mortals, Eris had a created a world full of creatures with ill intent like her.  It was she who sent the snake to the mortal world to influence Adam and Eve to take a bite of the apple.  It was her first act of defiance against the Great God.  Her second came when she input cruel thoughts into the mortal Cain’s head making him attack his brother. Her evil was a counterattack to the pureness of our God.”
“So why didn’t he stop her?  He could have taken care of her like he did her father.”  I asked.  I silently thought to myself that it would have also taken care of a lot of problems that are happening today.
“Because our God is a forgiving one. He had hopes that Eris would one day see the error of her ways and change her way of thinking.  But she did not.  She continued to release her imprint of evil on the world making mortals create their own hell.  It had become to the point that she no longer needed to interfere, the mortals were creating havoc on their own.  It was then that God started to send their souls to her world.  If they wanted to be like her, to follow her rules of life instead of his, then they could spend their afterlife with her instead of in his world.  It was towards the Adolf Hitler reign that the Great God had had enough.  He ordered my father to have Eris dethrone from Pearu, however, she caught wind of the forthcoming banishment and fled.   Someone she disappeared from our sight.  It is like she never existed.”
“So why is that she took the souls?”
“That I do not know.  Eris, her kind, they feed on mortal flesh and spoiled food to live.  I do not know what she needs with their souls since she is no longer in Pearu, but whatever it is cannot be good.”
“Of that you can be sure.” A voice came behind us.
Astraea and I jumped up as we stared at the trees behind us.  There was someone standing within the trees cloaked in the darkness of the night.  I withdrew my demos and stood in front of Astraea.  The figure in the trees began to move as they slowly approached the light.  Once the figure was completely in the moonlight, I felt myself tense as my hand gripped the hilt of my demos tighter.
“My, oh my Aristaeus do you look like your father” said the voice of the woman in front of me.  It was Lilith, and yet it wasn’t Lilith.  She no longer resembled the succubus I was used to seeing.  She stood about six feet tall and was in a form of a mortal.  She wore a long gold dress that was made of snake skin.  There was a high collar that covered her neck and the bishop sleeves came down to her wrist.  Her dark brown hair was pulled into a high ponytail, three braids marking the sides and middle.  Her eyes were that of the color of the dress.  “And who is that we have behind you.” She peered around my shoulder as if she hadn’t seen Astraea when she first arrived.  “Ah, Astraea.  My, oh my how the mighty have fallen.”     
A chill that I’ve never experience went through my body as I stared at the creature in front of me.  It couldn’t be.
“Lilith.” I breathed out.
“Yes it is I.”
Thunder sounded above us as sharp flashes of lighting hit the ground before us.  The smoke from the blast instantly cleared revealing Zeus, Poseidon, and two other Gods I did not know.  Zeus shot a glare in Astraea’s direction before directing his attention to Lilith. 
“Zeus. Right on time.” She said unmoved by his sudden appearance.     
“With the accordance to the bylaws and the courts of the universe, you are ordered to submit and return with us at once.”
Lilith laughed as I noticed the gold snake necklace that had been around her neck stared to move.
“Oh you must be mistaken dear Zeus.  I have no plans to submit to anyone.”
Lilith gave a wave of her hands as creatures of the Damned began to pop up around her instantly.  The army behind her was filled with Dryads, Minotaur’s, Furies, and Titans. 
“This is my last warning Baba Yaga.  Submit, and no harm will come to your army.”
Baba Yaga?  It all started to make sense.  During my times in Belham, I had often seen Lilith covered in jewelry made of bones.  I didn’t find it strange then, because it was normal for Creatures of Darkness to have a fascination for bones.  She also didn’t have matted hair or an odor like legends described her.  But she was a Witch.  Such creatures did not exist in Pearu. 

Lilith response to the God’s demand was sending the gold snake around her neck at Zeus who instantly blocked it.  Her army charged forward their weapons drawn as the battle commenced.  My demos sliced through creatures that I once thought of as my kind.  Now they were my enemy.  Astraea jumped from behind me and removing her own sword that had been hidden until now.  Out the corner of my eye I watch her take on a Rogue quickly destroying him in one blow.  All of the Gods had their swords pulled and locked into battle.  
Astraea removed a bolt from her bracelet and tossed it over to Zeus who threw it down at the ground.  The ground split into as a few creatures fell down in the hole.  My demos glowed blue as it removed the torso of the harpy chilling its insides.  My weapons were made exactly for the creatures of darkness.  Our body temperature was one of high heat— the coldness embedded in my weapons was our weakness.
As I swung my sword up to attack another creature, Lilith suddenly appeared in front of me grasping my hand.
“There’s something different about you Aristaeus.” She smiled at me.  I struggled to get out of her hold but it was no use. Her strength was one that I’d witness from Poseidon.  “You smell of Pearu.” She said sniffing me.  “But there is something else I’ve smelled on you.  What could it be?”
I pushed out of Lilith hold and swung my sword at her.  She bent backwards smoothly as the blow missed her.    A scream sounded nearby taking Lilith’s eyes off me.  Seeing her off guard, I removed my jugest and threw it at her.  The gold rope circled her twice before the gold fist clamped down on her.
Lilith shot me an annoyed look and yanked the gold rope pulling me towards her.  Her hand went around my throat.  “Some warrior you are.  You are nothing like your father.  You are weak.  I will do away with you just as I plan to do away with him.”
The thought of Lilith harming my father brought forth a rage that was new to me.  As her hand clenched my windpipe, I felt my eyes heat up with fire as I stared up at the night sky.  The clearness of the night sky instantly shadowed as rain came pouring down.  A sharp white flash shot down from the sky striking Lilith and knocking us apart.
Lilith flew into the trees behind her as I flew over to the water my hand clenching my throat.  I peered up to see Zeus staring at me, his eyes wide with shock.  A Minotaur noticed the God’s slight distraction and raised a battle axe up at him.
“Look out!” I screamed.
Zeus turned around just in time to block the blow.  He sent a fist to the Minotaur’s chest that sounded like thunder.  Glancing towards the trees, I could no longer spot Lilith within the crowd.  I pushed myself up from the ground and stared at my hands.  What had happened to me?  How did I call forth lightening when the God of lightening was here with me in battle?  How could I call forth lightening at all?
“Aristaeus!”  
I turned my head to see Astraea staring at me.  She pointed to the lake.  “Go now!”
I knew she was telling me to get out of here while I still could.  The battle was coming to a close with most of The Rogue on the ground dead.  I ran towards the lake and waded my way to the middle.  I glanced back at Astraea as she gave me a soft smile.  She wasn’t the only one watching.  Zeus stared at me with a peculiar expression.  Not wanting to find out just yet what that expression was about. I dived in the water and disappeared through the portal.
     

 


   

        
  


 




EIGHT

My head broke the surface of the water, my arms splashing as I fought for breath.    The water in my eyes cleared enough so I could figure out exactly I was at.  The purple sky and the grassy hills instantly put me at ease.  I was home.  I was back in Pearu.  As, I turned in the water I noticed some figures on the beach.  My father guards stood posted on beach their weapons at the ready for any type of attack.  In the midst of them was my father.  Deciding to get it over with, I made my way towards the.  The water level dropped as I swam until I could walk against the ocean floor.  The guards eyed me as I sloshed towards my father.  My father sat on a quilted blanket, his legs folded, his hands entwined and his eyes closed.  He was in his meditative stance.
“Father.”
My father’s eyes opened slowly, the purple glow in his eyes the opposite than it was yesterday.  There was no calm or anger in his eyes— instead they were mass of blankness.  Immediately, I dropped down to my knees to seek forgiveness.  It hit me now that I had run with information that should have gone to him first.  I’d run from my father like a stranger who didn’t trust him.  I’d run from an ally into the hands of an enemy bringing forth what could have been my death.  I didn’t want to think about how Kiowa and Dyos would feel if I’d gotten myself killed today. I’d realized all of this now, a little too late.
“Forgive me, your highness.” I said speaking again once he didn’t say anything.
My father eyes stared at me taking in my ripped clothing covered in strays of blood.  Without speaking, he stood up brushing off stray sands of dirt.  He turned on his boots and headed towards the carriage.  Placing one foot on the step, he turned back and said, “Take him.”
The guards grabbed me by my arms as I let them drag me off to the second carriage that awaited me.  Broxton stood at the doors, a smile on his face.  He was very happy to see me.
“Hello there Broxton.  Sorry to disappoint you earlier.”  I said smiling up at him.
“No worries, your highness.  I’ll take this opportunity.”
Quickly before my father could see, he fist collided with my face, putting me to sleep.

I woke some time later in a room that smelled of metal.  Heat clogged the room making the atmosphere stuffy.  I coughed as my eyes roamed the room.  They were sore from the blow Broxton had dealt me.  The little tick was smart enough to use fire behind his punch that not only put me to sleep instantly, but left my eyes and head feeling as if it was on fire.  My arms felt strained as they were pulled behind me chained to bolts that led up to the ceiling.  My jacket and boots had been removed and thrown on a hook that sat near the door at the front of the room.
Swallowing against the harshness in my throat, I tried to pull at the chains to see if they would give any leeway but it was no use.  
“I am awake.” I said before launching into a coughing fit.  My voice sounded scratchy and it immediately irritated my ears.  The door to the room opened as one of my father’s soldier’s wheel in a table covered by a brown skinned cloth.  He left the table to the side of the room and didn’t bother sparing me a glance.  He left out of the room, the door closing with a loud bang.  I hung there suspended in the air for what seemed like another hour before the door opened revealing my father.  He came in alone, closing the door behind him.  The tapping of his boots against the floor in the quiet silence made my body tense up with dread.  My father has always been a quiet soul, but today I had never seen anything like his calm.  He came to a stop inches away from me, his nose almost touching mine.
“I apologize on the behalf of Broxton.  He gets a bit overzealous at times when it comes to revenge.”
“No apologies necessary.  I figured at had it coming from heckling him all the time.”
“As it is, he disobeyed my orders and now shares a chamber on the opposite of yours.”  My father said.  For a moment, I felt sorry for Broxton, but the fire thumping pain in my head made me think otherwise.  “I’ve taken the liberty of having the medic patch you up from your injuries from earlier.”  My father walked over to the hook where my clothes hung and removed the purple blazer he wore.  He hung it up on the extra hook and pulled his loose strands of hair that he normally kept down, into a ponytail behind his back.
“Those injuries that you obtained, I take it came from when you exited the world of Pearu, am I correct?”
“Father-”
“Answer the question Aristaeus, my patience for you is standing on the bridge ready to jump.”  
“Yes, your highness.  The injuries were the result of me leaving the world of Pearu.”
“Thank you for your honesty, young Prince.”
The calmness of his voice shook me.  Something was off here.  My father walked over to the table the guard had brought in earlier and removed the cloth tossing it aside to the floor.  I could now see what was on the table.  I felt my eyes widened with disbelief as they took in the items that were on the table.  On the table were weapons from knives and hammers to clear bottles filled with numerous colored liquids.  These were items that were used to torture prisoners.  I couldn’t fathom my father using them one me.  My mind changed however, when I saw him study the weapons in concentration trying to decide which one he would use first.  My father picked up a dagger and a clear bottle that was filled with a yellow liquid.
“Father, do not do this.” I said as he was now nearing me pulling the table along behind him.
My father ignored my words as he came to a stop in front of me, the table now at his side.  Without blinking, he slashed my stomach with the dagger in my hands.  I clenched my teeth in pain as my father followed it up by pouring the yellow liquid on the wound.  The yellow liquid brought a stinging worst then the cut as I screamed out.  I huffed and puffed for a few seconds before the pain numbed a bit allowing me to breathe.
“Dragon venom.” My father said.  I stared up at the half smile on his face.  It is said to be one thing that the Gods themselves fear.  It is why they banished them to our land.  To avoid being attacked by this creature.”  My father eyes turned from the liquid back to me.  “I guess we are alike in some ways aren’t we?”
“Father, if you let me down I’ll-”
“In due time.”  
He turned to place the liquid back on the table but kept the knife in his hand, twirling it around before letting it pierce his finger.  Blood bubbled to the surface as he brought it near me and wiped it within my wound.
“Maybe now that you have some of my blood in you, you will act as my blood.”
There it was.  The cruelty I had been waiting for had finally reared its head.  I knew there was no way that I was going to talk my way out of this.  This was a punishment my father thought I’d deserve for disobeying him.  It was a punishment that I would have to take.
A gleam settled in my father’s eyes as he looked me.  “Ah, it seems that we are now starting to understand each other.  That is good, because I have some questions for you Aristaeus that need to be answered.  You will answer them, won’t you Aristaeus?”  I bothered not to answer him.  He knew I had no choice in the matter.  Proving I was right, he continued on.  “When we last spoke, we talked about the hidden portal in our world.  I asked you if the portal was still in the world of the sirens but you claim that it had been moved and you had no idea where to.  And yet, you seem to find it quite quickly when you arrived from Belham.”
The blade slashed across my left torso as this time my father added some clear liquid to the wound.  If I had tears, I knew that my face would be drenched by now with the pain that I was experiencing.
“Now tell me Aristaeus, did you lie to his majesty the king.”
My father’s voice had taken on the accents of mortals during the Renaissance Period.  He chuckled at his imitation.  “I am waiting.”
“No, your highness.  I did not lie to you.  I spoke the truth when I said I did not know the whereabouts of the portal.”
“You seemed to know something.  You headed straight for the ocean as if you were on a mission.”
When I opened my mouth, I didn’t hesitate to lie.  “It was just a quick hunch.  I figured since the last portal was located in water, then the other big body of water like that of Nicolle would be the ocean.”
My father was silent for a moment as we stared at each other.  I could feel him smelling the untruth to my words.  Despite betraying him so that I could run off into the hands of the enemy, I still kept quiet. I didn’t feel right confessing what Astraea had told me.  Maybe it was because of what she went through to return me to my world, or maybe it was because of the strong attraction I was starting to have for her.  Either way, my father could taste the deceit in the air.  He just didn’t know how to sort out the truth yet.
He soon answered my reply by slashing my arm.  
“You’ve always been a deceitful child.” He turned and threw the dagger down on the table.  “I was just hoping that in time you would grow out of it.”  Raising a foot, he sent a kick to my abdomen as I felt myself being thrown back into the wall.  The chains stretched my arms out making the soreness in them double time.  I released a groan as my head fell forward.  “Why did you go through that portal?  Who did you meet on the other side?”
“I went there because I thought I would find Lilith there.  I wanted to corner her and find out what she and Eris had planned.”
“YOU CONTINUE TO LIE!!”
“IT IS THE TRUTH FATHER!” I yelled back.
A blow from my father sent my head into the chains that was holding me up.
“You have done nothing but lied to me since I’ve entered this room.  I am sick of playing this cat and mouse game with you.”  My father walked up to me and placed a hand over my face.  A humming went through me as I felt heaviness in my face.  The force that was going through my body made my head feel as if it was too big for my body.  “Gomel yahsir-sateus reveal.” 
Images from the past couple of days flashed before me as if I was watching them on one of those famous mortal screens.  They were images of my deepest secrets, fears, and wants.  They were images of the time I’d spent in Belham.  They were images of Astraea.  At the sight of her face before me, I instantly tried to block the force my father was using, but there was no stopping him.  He was pulling everything that he could from me.  It was only when the last image of me arriving back on the beach that made him come to a halt.
I dropped completely drained against the chains.  I waited for my father to speak on what he’d seen, but I heard nothing.  When the silence became too much for me, I peered up through my lose strands of hair at him.  He was staring off to the side with an unfathomable look in his eyes.  Something he’s seen in my head had him shaken.  But what?  I recalled the memory of me calling forth the lightning from the sky.  If that’s what had him the way he was now, I couldn’t blame him.  I had yet to come to terms on what I’d done myself.
My father finally looked back towards me.  His throat moved as if he was nervous or better yet speechless.  Without saying another word, he turned on his heels and headed over towards the door.  He redressed in his blazer and walked to the door and opened it.
“Beat him until he’s unconscious.” He spoke to the guards outside the room.
He exited as the guards entered the room a look of pure happiness on their face.  They lived for torture and pleasing their king, even if it meant teaching his spoil brat of a son a lesson.
One of the guards wind his hand up and sent a blow to my face once again bringing me to darkness.

Flashes of different scenery greeted me as I traveled to and out of consciousness.  I saw myself being beaten, being removed from the chains, being taken up the stairs, being laid on my bed, and my favorite of all, seeing Kiowa leaning over staring into my face.  The next time I awoke, I was glad to see that it wasn’t a dream.  Kiowa glanced over at me, a mixture of happiness and fury on her face.
“Hey you.” I said trying to push myself up into a sitting position.  The sharp pain in my abdomen quickly had me lying back down.  
“Do not try to get up.  The medic said you have a lot of broken bones.  You’re not going to be able to move for a while.  They really did a number on you.”
“Don’t worry I’ll be fine.  I’m tough.”
“Well in that case.”  Kiowa punched me in my stomach as I groaned.  I reached up and caught her hand before she could deliver another blow.  “Do not stop me Aristaeus. I should do much more to you after the trouble you have caused.  How dare you consort with the Gods?”
“What do you mean?”
“Do not play coy.  Your father told me everything.  I can’t believe the feelings you have for those mortals and on top of that, the ones you have for that woman God.”
I stared at the anger in Kiowa’s face.  While she was the nicest creature in Pearu I’d ever known, that still didn’t matter when it came to her views of mortals and Gods.  She was one in the same with every other creature.  It was only I who harbored sympathy for them.
“Your father is irate over what he seen.”
“Then he should have stayed out of my head.” I said feeling no remorse now.
“I’m glad he for once went against your wishes and invaded your thoughts.  Aristaeus you cannot take the throne with thoughts like that.  No one in this world will follow you.”
“Good, because I do not want the throne.”  Kiowa raised her hand to slap me as I caught it.  “Kiowa, I am only going to say this once.  Do not lay another hand on me.  I have been through enough hits tonight. The least you could do is spare me until I’ve healed again.”  With that I tossed her hand to the side.  “Leave me. I want to rest now.”
I turned my back on her ignoring the hurt look on her face.  My body remained tensed as I waited for the movement indicating that she had left.  Yet, she remained.
“I am just trying to understand Aristaeus.   What is it that the Gods have that you want so dearly?  What is it that makes you have feelings for that girl?”
“As of right now, silence.”
Kiowa scoffed at my reply. “And your explanation for the feelings you have for that girl?”
“There are no feelings.  Now please leave.  I need my rest.”
Kiowa released a huff of annoyance as she got up from my bed.  My bedroom door closed with a slam as I finally released the tension.  Rolling over in my bed, I stared up at the ceiling of my room.  It seems I’d disappointed not only my father, but my Kiowa as well.  They all seem to think that I’d betrayed them and gone over to the other side.  While they were right about me betraying them, I’ve yet to join the Gods.  Despite my attraction to Astraea, I still harbored some mild feelings of hatred for them.  That part of my demon side I could not deny.
Closing my eyes, I could now do what I’ve wanted to do since I returned home.  I called forth the memory of the battle with Lilith.  Lilith was a Baba Yaga.  How could I not sense that she wasn’t a Creature of the Damned?  She’d been living amongst other creatures while in Belham, and yet no one picked up on it.  I wondered if Os’ mar did.  Is that why he’d suddenly disappeared?   I thought about the way she’d sniffed me claiming to smell something different in me than my demon blood.  I thought about how she’d threatened to kill my father and how’d I called on an unknown power in me that I had no idea that I harbored.  Not to mention the fact that it was lightening, a power known only to that of Zeus.  
The image of Zeus face came to me.  He was just as shock as I was.  Astraea carried all his bolts on the bracelet around her wrist so there was no way I could have snatched one off of her.  For some reason I think they only moved at her touch.  Thinking of Astraea, my thoughts switched to her placing a peaceful blanket on me.  I pulled together images of her eyes, her hair, her mouth, until the puzzle of her face was completed.  I wondered if she’d gotten home safe.  I’d left so fast that I had no idea on whether or not if she’d gotten hurt at the scene.  I wondered if she would be punished even more harshly because of me.  The last thought I wondered before I fell asleep, was if she was thinking of me.    

The next day at the palace was a tense one.  I spent most of my day locked away in my quarters away from the eyes of Kiowa and my father. It didn’t seem to bother my father much since that meant he could keep an eye on me better.  Kiowa however, had stopped by plenty times trying to get me to come out.  She’d even resorted to having Dyos stopped by.  In the end she finally left me to my thoughts as day turned to night.
The day after that, I continued the same cycle.  It was only two days later that I decided to venture out of the confinements of my room.  
I walked down the spiral staircase to a quiet palace.  It was early in the morning but yet there was no one at the table, in fact some of the servants seemed scarce.  A group of guards were posted in the hall and I knew they were meant for me.  I ducked behind one of the columns as I tried to figure out a way to get by them.  My answer came when I saw a servant coming from the same direction I’d traveled holding an arm full of blankets.  Once he was near me, I yanked him behind the column and covered his mouth to mute his scream.  I peered around the column to see if we’d alerted anyone, but the guards were too busy talking.  
Turning back to the servant, I removed my hand and made a motion for him to be silent.  Now that he knew who’d grabbed him, he began to calm down.  
“Young Lord, you frightened me.” He said once he was fully calmed.
“Where are my parents?” 
“The King is having a meeting with The Courant in his office while the Queen is in her garden having breakfast.  Shall I tell her that you are up?”
“That won’t be necessary.  Is Dyos still here?”
“No young lord, the King sent him home a couple of days ago.  He’s called but your highness asked the staff not to give you any messages.”
I frowned at that.  Father was cutting off any communication and outside information I could get from Dyos.  He probably thought that I’d stayed in my quarters because I was angry with him.  While that was true, it wasn’t the reason I’d stayed locked up.  Because of the torture I’d experienced from him, my body needed time to heal. Kiowa claimed the medic said it would take a while before I could move again, but she must have forgot that I have suffered broken bones and cuts before and none of them have left me in pain for more than four days.  No, I’m pretty sure the extra days were added on by the King.  While experiencing the torture was new, the potions he used were not.  In the City of Pearu and in Belham, those potions were anything the citizens could talk about.  There were some farfetched stories about what they could do to you, but it was the ones in Belham that rung true.  The potion was made to torture our kind, but like all drugs, it doesn’t take long for it to leave your system and with berry juice I found out it makes it leave quicker.  Thanks to my father never spending time with the outcasts of Pearu, he had no clue of this remedy and the fact that I’d requested it for the last couple of days instead of my regular brew, did not alert him to anything different.  
“Listen to me, I need you to contact Dyos and tell him that I will meet him at the place where we once touched Zeus hand.”
The servant eyes enlarged as he looked nervously around. “But young lord, the King has asked us to alert him if you try to leave the palace.  I can’t go against the King. I could be sentenced to death.”
“You will not be going against the King’s orders.  I just need you to give me a head start and then you may alert the King.  You can even tell him the message I ask you to give to Dyos.”
The servant stared at me as his eyes darted over to the guards who were engrossed in their conversation.  They had yet to see us but it wouldn’t be long before they made their way in this direction.
“Very well sir, I shall do it.”
“Thank you.  I will not forget this favor you have shown me.”
The servant seemed to beam at that.  It was as if a light switch had gone off in his head that told him somewhere down the line when I am King, his position will no longer be that of a servant.  Sadly, that would not be happening.  He was too easily swayed.  There was no room for someone like that in my palace.
“One more favor.” I said staring at the guards.  “Get the guards some medicine.  They’re going to need it.”
The servants stared wide eyed at me as I crept between the columns until I was close enough to the guards.  Standing behind one of the columns, I listened as they talked about the plans they had once they’d retired off of the money they’d earned from the King.  
“Hello comrades.” I said stepping from behind the column.
They all stared at me with confusion at how I had not only crept up on them but the fact that I was speaking to them.  It began to register to them that something about this was not right.  It was a shame however, that they did not pick up on it soon enough.  I sent a kick to the guard in front of me while reaching over to the second guard to neutralize him of his weapons.  My second kick went to the guard on my right as they finally snapped out of their slight moment of confusion.  The guard that was standing behind the first one I kicked ran towards me with his arms outstretched.  I could tell in his eyes that he only wanted to subdue and not harm me.  Broxton’s act against me and his punishment seemed to put enough fear in the guards to the point where they barely wanted to touch me.  Be that as it may, it worked in my favor.
I ducked as the guard flew over my body into the column behind me knocking him out cold.  The first guard I’d kicked was back up as he tried to latch onto my neck to put me to sleep. I quickly escaped his grasp and stole his idea making him go to sleep instead.  Finally all the guards were down.  I stared back to where the servant was holding on to the column, probably afraid that I might try to attack him as well.
“Go!” I ordered.  “Call Dyos and deliver my message.  After that go to the King.  By the time you reach the King, I will be off the palace grounds by then.”
The servant nodded and took off down the hall the main center of the palace leaving the blankets he’d been holding earlier on the ground.  
I made my way over to the window and pulled back the drapes.  Pushing open the glass, I climbed up onto the stone and stared out at the landscape.  Below me was a body of water that came from the ocean.  I took one more glance back at the unconscious guards and leaped out of the window into the water that awaited me below.
The water let out a huge splash as my body floated towards the bottom.  Before it could sink to far, I pushed my way to the surface and swam towards the hill bank in the distance.  Since I’d given the order to have the bridge pulled up, there was no way that I could cross it and make my escape easier.  I had no choice but to swim in the water and chance being caught by the different creatures that guarded the palace. As it were, lucks seemed to be on my side as I made it through the water over to the grassy hill bank.  I pulled out the water onto the hill bank and took off with demon speed far away from the palace the slight sound of a horn being blown behind me.   



NINE

“Aristaeus!”
I opened my eyes and stared to side at the sight of Dyos running towards me.  I had long reached our hiding spot after ducking and hiding around corners away from the prying eyes of the citizens of Pearu and my father’s army.  He’d reacted quicker than I expected sending the very same guards I dispatched earlier after me.  This was their punishment for losing me in the first place I assumed.  I felt a slight feeling of pity because here they would lose me again.  Once I was back in the palace, I would speak on their behalf to save them from being removed from duty.  It was the least I could do for causing them problems.
“You’re late.” I said once Dyos was standing a few feet away from me.
“Whatever, do you have any idea how hard it is to escape the eyes of the General.  If only you’d given me some time to prepare, I could have had a great escape plan.”
“In dire times, you do not have time to prepare an escape plan.  You only need to escape.”
Dyos scoffed.  “Dire times you say.  And what about today would be dire enough for you to anger the King by leaving the palace this time?”
I stood up from my spot where I lay.  Opening the brown blazer jacket that would help hide me from my father, I showed Dyos the scars that were left by his dear King.  Dyos gasped as he stepped forward.  His hand reached out as if to touch the scars but drew back.  Anger glowed in his eyes as he turned his head from me.
“Did he do that to you?”
“I assumed you knew, since you came to the palace those days.”
Dyos shook his head as his hands clenched.  “Kiowa told me nothing of this.  She only said that your father and you had another disagreement and that this time you’d locked yourself in your quarters.  I figured you just needed some time to sort through your anger. If I’d known Aristaeus, I would have done something.  I…I wouldn’t have left you there.”
“What could you have done Dyos?  Had you risen up against my father, it would have been the end for not only you but the General as well.  Do not worry. I’m healing fine despite my father’s thoughts.  As for Kiowa, she is a bit angry and embarrassed.  Her slight betrayal can be overlooked.”
The two of us were silent for a moment before Dyos spoke again.
“Why is it that we needed to meet here?  I almost forgot about this place to tell you the truth. I haven’t been here since we were kids.”
“That is why I asked you to come.”  I stared around at the darken forest that was once the land of the Giants.  After Eris was dethroned, the Giants felt no loyalty to the new King and decided to take their kind elsewhere.  Myths traveled to the City that they’d taken up inhabitation of the forests killing any creature that came in perimeter of it.  The myths were like bedtime stories to us, so when Dyos and I became of age, we went on a hunt to discover for ourselves.  However, when we arrived there were no Giants. The land was bare and marred by black soot.  The only thing that seemed to intrigue us was the outline of a handprint on the forest grounds.  There was no sun in Pearu so we were stomped on the golden light of the hand shining through the trees, and when we looked up through the trees, instead of seeing the handprint, we saw a lightning bolt instead.  It was then we’d come to think of this as Zeus handprint. We’d come back every time we were together to shake his hand, and beg the Gods for forgiveness, and then we grew up.
“It is a place the King will not dare to look for us at.” I continued.  “He’s probably having the ocean searched thoroughly by now.”
“What happened yesterday Aristaeus?  You told me you were going to see someone, I didn’t think you were going to leave Pearu to see that somebody.  I almost had what those mortals call a heart attack when your father questioned me on our return from Belham.  He put guards on me and everything.”
I kept quiet trying to decide on how much to tell Dyos.  I wanted to tell him everything, but I was afraid.  I was afraid he would view me the same as my father and Kiowa had when they’d learn about my communication with Astraea and the secret power I’d seemed to have.  But I needed someone on my side.  I needed someone from my world on my side.
“Come one Aristaeus.” Dyos said staring over at me.  “We’ve been friends for way too long.  Whatever is going on, you can tell me.” He spoke as if he’d just read my mind.  He spoke again.  “Besides you owe me.”
He was right.  He’d suffered much from my father because of my escape to see Astraea.  My father could only take so much before he retaliated against me by using Dyos.  Though he didn’t seem to possess any bruises close to mine, I’m sure my father had left his mark on him somewhere and it was nothing the General could do about that.
“You’re right my friend.   I’ll tell you everything.”

Dyos lay on the forest ground, his jacket covered in soot, but it didn’t seem to bother him.  He stared up through the opening of the trees where the light resembled a lightning bolt.  He stared past it towards the purple of Pearu’s sky.  I sat off to the side of him leaned up against a tree picking at a dead dragon lilly, waiting for him to speak to me again.  I’d just laid my entire story on him hoping he would be the one in three that would not turn his back on me.  It was funny to me.  A demon, leaning against a tree, hoping to still have a friend.
“Is she pretty?”
“What?” I asked looking up.
“Is she pretty?  This Astraea creature.”
“Why does that matter?”
Dyos turned towards me giving me a hard blank stare.  “It matters.”
We stared at each other for a moment before I finally said, “Yeah, she’s pretty.”
Dyos nodded and turned back towards the sky.  I could see him battling with himself and I felt even more distressed that I was the one making him this way.  I could say what I wanted about my father and Kiowa, but they were just being true to themselves.  They were creatures of the Damned.  They despise mortals and Gods.  It was only I, who seemed to be different.
“Okay it’s settled then.” Dyos said leaping to his feet.
“What’s settled?”
“We’ve got to find out more about Lilith.  A Witch in our world is unheard of and the whole thing reeks of danger.  The fact that this Baba Yaga is interested in you, doesn’t sit right.  No offense, you’re nothing more than just the Prince.  It is true that in order for Eris to take the throne Lilith would have to wipe out your entire bloodline.  But she could do that inside the Gates of Pearu.  Why travel to the mortal world where you just so happened to be having a conversation with Astraea?  It’s like she’s watching you.  Plus, it rubs me the wrong way how she claims you smell different.  I’ve been around you my whole life, and you’ve always smell the same to me.  But she’s not from here.   Her sense of smell could be stronger than mine.  The fact that she’s picked up on something worries me.”
I stood up happy that I for once had someone on my side.  I walked over to stand beside him.  “I thought I would be the only one worrying about that as well, but when my father read my thoughts, he seemed just as confused and freaked out as I was.  Maybe that’s why he ordered the guards on me.  He probably assumed he could beat whatever it was out of me.”
“I usually live for the King’s cruelty, but not this time.  Is that against the character of my kind?”
“Look who you’re asking.  I’m a sympathizer for mortals and have the eyes for a female who whose kind have confined my kind to one world, and I have the power to call forth lightning bolts from the sky.  I am no longer from the same cloth of my kind.”
“Nonsense Aristaeus.  You might be a little tweaked in the head but what Reaper wouldn’t be.  I’m sure you’re not the first of our world to feel for mortals.” Even as he said it, we both knew it wasn’t true.  The glance out the corner of his eye seemed to prove it.  Clearing his throat he said, “You’re just feeling sorry for yourself.”
“You’re right.  So what course of action should we take?”
“First we need to read up more about Eris and her time as Queen here in Pearu.  Since it was before our time, we’ll have to search the archives. They’re a bit hush about her, so it won’t be easy finding anything right off the top.”
“I agree.  They probably have them stored in a secret compartment.”
“That is if they haven’t burned everything.”
“They’re not allowed to.  It’s in the bylaws that all information from every reign should be passed down to the next ruler just in case another case from the past shall arise.” I said thinking about the numerous times the trainers had drilled that information into my head.  “If there is any information, it would be kept somewhere close to the King.  Somewhere within his reach.”
“You think it’s in the palace?”  I nodded.  Dyos clapped his hands.  “Well that’s one thing taken care of.  I think we should also have a copy of their battle plans just in case.  We might have to warn your girlfriend.”
“She’s not my girlfriend, and we’re not telling them anything.  Not until we’re absolutely sure of everything.  I have to make sure…I have to make sure before I betray my father.”
The words hung in the air. Dyos stared over at me picking up on what I wasn’t saying.  I needed to know if the feelings I had for Astraea were true and not something of a charmed spell.  I’d only met her twice, I had no clue whether if this was love or if she’d even felt the same way.  If I went against my father, I would be out casting myself and turning against my kind for the sky Gods who may not show the same courtesy one of their fellow Gods may have shown me.  I still didn’t forget that I’d already gotten on Poseidon’s bad side.  Plus Zeus was wary of me after the battle with Lilith.  As my father stated before, I couldn’t go into this without thinking clearly.  I needed to be sure.
“Be careful looking for those battle plans.  I’m sure the General is guarding them with his life since his life may be at stake in they get into the wrong hands.”
“Don’t worry. I know how to distract my father well enough.  Just worry about your own.”
“They’ll question us as soon as we get back.  Did you bring it with you?”
Dyos reached into his coat pocket and removed the two blue vials.  “We’re lucky I remembered we used to bring these whenever we came here.  I’m almost out.  I’ll need to get some more from the City.”
He held the vials in his hand as I pulled out two pieces of parchment paper.  On the paper I wrote,
Today, I traveled to a land where I’d once touched the hand of Zeus. In that land I met a dear friend of mine.  We spoke of my troubles and with the revealing, he remained that of a friend.  We then toasted our friendship with a drink that washed away the troubles knowing only the waves of the tide could bring it back.  We said our farewells and then parted ways.  He to be a Knight and I to be a King.
I repeated the same lines on the other piece of parchment paper before rolling them up into thin tubes.  I stuck mine into the hilt of my demos as Dyos stuck his in the crest of his necklace.
Dyos handed me one of the vials.  “See you in a couple of days.”
“The same to you.”
  
Water struck my face, waking me from the darkness that seemed to surround me.  Water droplets ran down my face into my opened mouth as I took pleasure in it against the dryness of my mouth.  Squinting my eyes, I stared up through my damp hair to see my father’s guards in front of me. My eyes roamed around the room I was in.  I was in a bar and had no idea how I’d gotten here.
“Hello comrades.” I grinned up at them rolling onto my back.  Someone groaned behind me making me peer back. Dyos lay behind me on the floor, his jacket covered in whatever beverage he’d been drinking.  He stared up at me through squinted eyes as I smiled, “Well if it isn’t my good friend Dyos.  Did we go and get ourselves in trouble again?”
Dyos reply was a laugh that in turn sent me into a fit of giggles.
“Get them up,” ordered one of the guards as he stared down at us in disgust.  He then turned to the bartender.  “I thought you said these two never crossed your threshold.  How dare you lie in front of the King’s men!”
The bartender’s eyes grew wide with fear.  “I did not lie!  They weren’t here when you came.  They just stumbled in grabbing whatever drinks that were at their disposal. By the way, who is going to pay for those drinks and the damage they caused.”
The guard waved away the bartender as I felt myself being yanked up by the guards.
“Easy cronies.  Do you know how much this fabric cost? Ten dragon scales.”
Dyos cackled with laughter again as his own guards yanked him up.  
“Take him to the General.” The head guard said.  “This one is going with us.  The King awaits him.”
I felt myself being pulled in the opposite direction of Dyos as we exited the bar to the two carriages that were waiting for us.  The guard threw me as my head knocked against the wall of the carriage.  He hopped in across from me closing the door as the words of the bar tender fussing about payment of the drinks, were drowned out.
The carriage jerked to a start as I felt the nausea of the drinks I downed roll around in my stomach waiting to break the surface.  I tried to force myself up but the unsteady movement of the carriage knocked me back down.  The guard across from me scoffed as I grinned.
“Jealous, you can’t have this much fun.”
“No fun is worth the wrath of the King.”
“Loser.”
The guard didn’t bother to respond to my elementary school insult.  Closing my eyes I tried to pull up memories on how I arrived at the bar, but kept coming up blank.  The last thing I remembered was going to bed last night.  I had no clue on leaving my room and meeting Dyos at a bar.  I guess the drinks really did a number on us.  But that didn’t make sense.  We’ve never gotten this totaled over a few drinks at the bar before.  There had to be something else.  But I couldn’t pull it up.
I didn’t have time to ponder anymore about it as the carriage had reached the palace.  The door to the carriage opened as the blurry image of my father standing in the doorway stared at me.  I formed a lopsided smile as his frown seemed to deepen. 
“Get him of there and take him to my study.”
The guards tripped over their feet trying to please the King as they pulled me from the carriage.  They carried me with care passed the servants and a worried Kiowa.  We reached the study and the guards placed me in one of the chairs.
“Bring him something for this hangover.”
“Yes, your highness.”
The doors closed with a slam as I groaned from the impact it left on me.  I peered up through the slits of my eyes at my father who was sitting in the chair opposite me.
Grinning I said, “Hi daddy.”
My father’s eyes widened and I had to choke back a laugh at the shock he faced at me using the words of mortals.  There was even a slight hint of blush on his face that was unusual for not only him but our kind as well.  It only happened when we were truly taken by surprise, like he was right now.  I couldn’t wait to tell Dyos this—that is if I remember it.
He finally brought himself back to control.  “This is the reason I wish for you to stay out of the mortal world.  You’re bringing back the foolishness of the mortal world and contaminating our world with it.  I won’t have it.”
I mumbled something incoherently against the cushion of the chair which seemed to annoy him even more.
“You have yet to learn the repercussion of your actions Aristaeus.  You were spotted out in the City rolling around on the ground like a mortal drunkard.  You continue to bring shame to this family and disobeying my authority with your constant defiance.  How do you think that makes me look as King if I can’t even control my own son?  It makes me look weak, and it makes you look like a fool.  No one will stand for you taking the throne when your time comes if you continue to be this way.  These are dark times Aristaeus and the darkest hour is approaching.  The Rogue is gathering more followers to take over our world and the only thing you seem keen on doing is creating havoc.”
I pushed up from lying in the chair.  The remnants of the alcohol left my head heavy but I forced myself to remain sitting up.  “Forgive me father, I didn’t mean to cause any more stress for you.  I guess I was just thinking about trying to erase the memory of you torturing your only son from my mind.  Maybe I should have told the locals about that.  It could have gave you the harsh appearance you so desire.”
“Where did you and Dyos go?”
“Shouldn’t you know?  You had your lackey’s come and capture us there.”
“My patience for you Aristaeus is running thin.  I know you and Dyos went somewhere besides the bar.  The servant told me he overheard you speaking to Dyos on the phone about meeting at the place where you touch the hand of Zeus.  Did you leave this world again?”
My brows furrowed as I stared across at my father in confusion.  “What are you talking about?”
“You tell me Aristaeus.”
“I’m telling you father, I do not know what you are talking about.  Dyos and I didn’t go anywhere besides the bar.  Are you sure the servant wasn’t pulling the wool over your eyes?”
My father stared at me as I stared back.  I had no memory of going anywhere besides the bar with Dyos.  But the fact that my father knew of the secret hideout Dyos and I use to venture to spoke some truth to his words.  That could only mean one thing.  We’d taken a vial to erase our memory.  The reason we were there must have been of importance and whatever we’d discussed we could not let anyone find out.  The potion we’d drunken must have been enough to erase only the memory of today, which is why I could still remember last night.
I saw my father move out the corner of my eye as he walked over to me.  I stared up at him as he stared down at me, his eyes roaming my face.
“Your memory has been erased.”
He didn’t wait for me to confirm as he placed his hand on my head.  The pain in my head from the alcohol was already enough, but with the radiating power of my father, it throbbed ten times worst.  My teeth clenched together as memories from last night came forward in front of my eyes.  When it got to today however, there was only blackness.  It was as if I’d passed out or simply gone to sleep.  It went on like that for a couple of seconds before the memory of waking up in the bar shot forward.
My father let go of my head and stepped back.  He peered down at me as I reached up to grab my head.
“Someone erased your memory of your travels earlier.  Think Aristaeus, did you and Dyos go anywhere besides the bar, did you meet anyone else besides Dyos?”
I pretended to think.  “I’m not sure father.  I can’t pull up anything. I’m trying.”
My father turned his back to me as he walked off a few steps.  His hands came behind his back and his head bowed.  I knew what he was thinking.  He was thinking that I’d probably run into Eris and that she’d done something to me.  It was no need to tell him any different.
He walked over to the phone in next to his chair and picked up the receiver.  “This is King Kavos, bring me Dyos immediately.”  He placed the receiver back down and turned to me.
“What are you thinking?”
“Do not worry yourself Aristaeus.  If Dyos memory like yours is gone, I will have my answer to whom have done this to you.”
I nodded as my thoughts moved over to vial I’d taken.  “Father, do you think you can have the servants bring me some starfish.”
“Certainly.”
“Don’t cook it!” I shouted it at the last minute.  My father glanced over at me. “I’m just really hungry and I don’t have time to cook it.  Besides I like the taste of tide water in it.”
My father stared at me with confusion but still made the call.  It didn’t take long for the servants to arrive with the tray.  They removed the top covering the bowl where the golden brown starfish lay breathing in the soup of tide water.  I gathered some of the tide water and dripped it over the starfish when my father’s phone rung.  
“Speak.” He answered into the receiver.  I played with my food trying to find a way to stall time when he stood up from his chair.  “Do not let any of them get away!  I will be there shortly.”
My father slammed the receiver down as the scales on his face popped up. Someone had agitated him.
“What’s going on?”
He stared at me for a moment as if trying to decide whether if he could trust me or not.  Clearing his throat he said, “The Rogue has struck again.  Prince Famar is dead.”
I stared at him, my face impassive.  I knew it wouldn’t be long before she struck again.  I also found myself not caring that Famar was dead.  He was a nuisance.  The only thing that worried me was who would be her next target.
“I have to leave the palace for a while.  Tell Dyos to stay put until I get back.  The same goes for you.”
With that he walked past me, his coattail brushing my arm as he exited the study.  I gave him a couple of minutes before removing the hilt of my demos.  I unrolled the parchment paper and read the lines written in my handwriting.  My father was telling the truth.  Dyos and I had met today.  We’d spoke in confidence and I needed to know about what.  I swallowed the piece of parchment down my throat and removed the starfish from the bowl drinking the tide water that was in the bowl.  Once it was all gone, I picked up the starfish and squeezed it over my mouth gathering the water it had soaked up.  Finished, I tossed it to the side and sat back as my memory slowly came together.  
Flashes of attacking the guards, jumping out the window into the water around the palace, hiding from the guards, arriving at the land of the Giants, talking with Dyos, and drinking the vials, it all came back to me.    
Standing up from the chair, I stared around the room of my father’s study with a smile on my face.  It worked.  Thanks to The Rogue, I was allowed to search the palace without the wandering eyes of my father.  I was allowed to search not just any part of the palace, but a place where I knew the hidden scrolls of Eris would be.  
His study.



  




 



   TEN

The moment I heard the carriages pull away from the palace, I leaped into action.  Walking over to the doors of my father’s study, I opened them and peered out into the hallway.  Two guards sat in the chairs outside of my father’s study taking a lunch break.  They didn’t seem to worry about the fact that I was left alone in the King’s study.   They were still under the impression that I was intoxicated and the only harm I would bring would be to myself.  I’m sure my father gave them orders to let me rest until all the alcohol was out of my system, but I didn’t doubt that the moment I left this room, I would be flanked by guards.  I closed the door back silently, and slowly latched the lock.  
Staring around the room, I tried to figure out where exactly to start my search.  There were no visible doorways or windows, and the only objects in the room were the chairs we’d been sitting in.  If there was information in this room about Eris, it was hidden, but my only question was where?  Starting off on the right side of the room, I ran my hand across the wall as I checked for any switches or movable blocks.  The stones that made up the wall had no cracks or painted on symbols.  They looked as if they’d just been built today.  I moved over towards the glass window that housed the souls.  The amount of souls had decreased since the last time I visited.  Since the last time I was in Belham.  Since the Gates of the Damned were broken.  Without the damned souls of the mortals, the world of Pearu would cease to exist.  The souls were our oxygen, without the souls, our kind will become extinct.
I continued to search the room but still came up empty.  There was nothing here.  I’d search every inch of this room from the walls to the floors but could not find not one movable piece or any type of switch.  Feeling defeated, I plopped down in the chair pushing aside the cart with the uneaten starfish.  I didn’t understand it.  I thought for sure that if there was any information on Eris that my father wanted to keep hidden, it would be in this study.  His study was like his safe haven.  When he wasn’t entertaining guests or having meetings with The Courant, he was in his study, trapped in his thoughts.  I’ve always thought that there was a hidden room inside this study, but I guess I was wrong.  As I sat there and tried to figure other places in the palace where the information could be hidden, my eyes swept across my father’s throne chair.  
At first glance, nothing seemed out of the ordinary.  It was like any other one of this throne chairs.  But as I stared at the skulls on the hand of the chair, something seemed off.  The two silver skulls were lighting the souls as usual. However, the skull on the right side of the chair mouth was wider than the one of the left.  Closing my eyes, I pictured my father sitting in the chair, his hands stretched out along the arms of the chair, his left hand covering the skull while his right circled the top of the skull’s head as if he was avoiding the mouth.  Opening my eyes, I got up from the chair and walked over to chair.  I turned to face the chair I’d been sitting as I lowered into it.  Here goes nothing.  Reaching my right arm out, my fingers darted around the skull before finally curling in its mouth.  My fingers tapped against a switch inside the mouth.  This is it!  I could feel it.  This switch would open the hidden room.  Without wasting time, my fingers squeezed the button.
There was no loud groaning or dust particles falling down from the ceiling, the chair simply descended underground.  It was a smooth transition.  The chair seemed to go on forever before coming to a stop.  The room was completely dark that even my night vision couldn’t detect any objects or movement around me.  It wasn’t until I pushed up from the chair and my boots connected with the floor, that a little light came on.  The light came from above and below me.  I took a step forward, and more switches of light came on.  When I was four steps away from the chair, it suddenly lifted back up towards the ceiling encasing me back in the darkness.  Thankfully, the further I walked, the more light illuminated.
I could hear water dropping on the sides of me and knew that the ground I was walking on was some kind of bridge.  One false move and I would fall over into unknown waters.  I had no idea how my father handled this type of blind walking.  Maybe he was prepared with a light when he came down here.  I soon came to find out that I didn’t need a light. The lights from my steps had now lightened the room so I could see around me.  I was in a cave.  I was also right about there being water in this room.  Dark murky water ran alone the sides of the narrow light bridge I had been walking on.  I tried to peer through the water to see if anything was in it, but gave up.  The water was as dark as tar.  
I had to remind myself why I was down here and it wasn’t to explore the murky waters under the floor of my father’s study.  Pushing on, I continued down the bridge until I reached an archway, the bridge descending into steps.  Awe struck my face the moment I stepped through the archway.  The first thing I noticed was how massive this room was.  It was the size of my entire quarters and it seemed to stretch even further.  The second thing that I noticed was the enormous amount of currency in this room.  From where I was standing I could see the etchings of not only the dragon scale currency from our world, but the different currency that was used in the mortal world.  How did my father get all of this down here without anyone noticing?  Was this his own little secret, or did The Courant know about this hidden chamber as well.  Did it belong to Eris?  The cavern walls seemed old enough to be around the time she reigned.  What about Kiowa?  I’m pretty sure she had no clue about this room either.  
Entering the room, I took my attention off of the currency and stared around at the structure of the cavern.  Two sets of stairs curved to the side that connected to a bridge above me.  The further I looked up, the more bridges I seen.  I counted a total of six.  On the walls surrounding the currency were shelves filled with books, parchment papers, and statues.  I headed over to the wall, my legs struggling through the currency.  There was no path for me to walk on so I had to make due with walking through the currency that was now falling over.  I just hoped father didn’t notice the misplaced currency on his next visit down here.  I reached the first wall with the shelves and removed a stained orange colored book.  There weren’t any letters on the cover to tell me the title so I had to open the book.  Flipping through the beige colored pages and black ink, the book was nothing more than a book on Giants.  I placed the book back in its place and moved on to the next one.  One by one I searched the books as they all covered the many creatures of Pearu.  The ink was written in only my father’s hand which I found a bit strange.  You would think that Eris would document these things during her reign, but not once did I see her handwriting.  Maybe she had another method for keeping track of the many creatures and events in Pearu.  I’d gone through two shelves of parchments and books until I finally found something on Eris.
While the other books had a bit of discolor to it, this one was completely worn.  The pages were a bit dent from someone’s fingers as they read the book what appears to be numerous times.  I shuffled some of the currency over with my feet as I squatted down on the floor near the shelves.  Staring at my father’s handwriting, I began to read.
Decemris, 10th, Year of Eris   
Today, I have received great news. I have been assigned as an aide to Queen Eris.  This journey will mark a new one for my family as I serve the Great Queen.  With this position, I will be able to provide my family with a life of luxury instead of a life of thievery.  No more will we have to barter for food and goods.  The Queen has assured me of this.  With this position, I will do my best to please the Queen and not bring dishonor to my family.  I plan to document my entire journey in this journal so that I will have sensational stories for my parents when I return.  This is the beginning of a good life.
Janis 3rd, Year of Eris
I have miscalculated the Great Queen Eris.  She is not the one we all so treasured, she is deranged.  Today, I watched her set loose a Giant on an entire family of Dryads just because she did not like the sight of their flower garden outside their home.  She shouted that they were sympathizers of the mortal world to the crowd of bystanders so they would rally behind her as she committed sins of evil.  As her aide, only I knew the truth.  I always knew the truth.   Our Queen always committed these acts against our citizens without proper reason.  The world of Pearu was just as the mortals had pictured, it was Hell.  The only rules we lived by was Eris cruel ones. I could not blame the citizens of Pearu however.  They were just keeping true to their kind.  I guess after venturing into the mortal world and despite the hatred feel for them, they have taught me one thing, how a country should be ran.  I will try to have hope that Eris will come to see the truth and stop this madness before it is too late.
The journal continued to document my father’s time as Eris aide.  Every entry there was something new about Eris and the cruelty she was showing upon those of the mortal world.  I’d read a total of twelve pages before coming upon something intriguing. 
Maris 20th, Year of Eris
My hands are shaking as I document this down.  Eris, Eris is creating the powers of the Gods.  At least, that is what I am trying to tell myself.  Today, I followed her and a member of The Rogue, as they traveled into a part of Pearu where we weren’t allowed.  Upon her orders, all creatures of Pearu lived near the palace so that she could keep a watchful eye on us.  So I did not understand why she was traveling outside the land where no one ventured.  But I came to find out why.  I’d been working for Eris for centuries now, yet for some reason she has lost trust in me.  I’ve tried to hide my real feelings towards her, but maybe she has figured me out.  As it were, she hired a new aide and together the two spent many days and nights locked away in her quarters plotting, and leaving the palace without guards.  It was only today, that I could not stand it any longer and decided to follow her.  I followed behind them, cloaking myself up in trees, as they made their way to a shack in the middle of the forest.  It was when I peeked through the window, that I saw Eris shooting a blue light out of her hand.  Her aide sat in a chair across from her twisting as the blue light attacked him.  One by one she called forth powers that I’ve never seen in Pearu before.  The whole time the aide sat there taking it all until she was finished.  I listened to Eris complain about not having the full power down yet.  The aide assure her that the “source” had said it would take time for her learn the magic’s of darkness.  She would need to capture more mortal souls so that she could finally gain the full amount of power she was after.  The aide reminded her that they had to be careful of the souls so not to alert Zeus and Samr.  I had no clue whom Samr was but it was enough to make Eris scowl.  Eris replied that in time she would soon have enough power to kill not only this Samr but Zeus as well.  Then she turned towards the window as if she’d seen me and smiled.  It was then that I ran as fast as I could.  I could hear someone after me and knew that death awaited me, but as I listened to the speed of the running, it was the Rogue, not Eris.  Withdrawing my sword, I turned around in the nick of time, as my sword slashed cleanly through aide cutting him into two.  I stared through the forest but Eris wasn’t there.  I had to get to the Gates before she got to me.  Strangely, I reached the Gates unharmed.  Venturing outside it, I called forth Zeus.   When he arrived, I was in awe.  I had never seen the God before for he and the others did not show themselves to us.  I had begun to think they were nothing but a myth, but as he stood in front of me, I knew different.  Dropping down to my knees, I confessed to him what I’d seen.  He’d listened patiently and then said he would take care of it.  As he turned to leave, I begged him to hide my family somewhere safe.  I feared that Eris would go after them to get to me.   He promised to keep them and safe as he disappeared leaving me alone.  Filled with fear that Eris would find me, I held up at a friend’s place who shared my views on the Queen.  After Zeus rid Pearu of Eris, then I would leave this room.  Until then, I have to remain hidden.
Maris 25th, Year2 of Eris
He did not keep his promise.  She found them.  She killed them.  He claimed to be sorry.  He left.  
Maris 27th, Year2 of Eris
Eris has fled.  I have been appointed as King of Pearu.  With her disappearance, The Rogue and others have left to join her while others boycott my reign.  Only a few support me.
Apros 3rd, Year of Priam
I have learned that Eris has sent Zobyverth Korfmann to the mortal world to create trouble.  The killing of innocent Jews is sure to attract the attention of Zeus.  I fear the punishment we will suffer because of her actions.  I must take control of the reigns before it is too late.  I have been trying to find information on this Samr, but have come up short.  No one knows of her, which means she must be a higher up God.
Apros 15th Year of Priam
The anger I feel at the moment cannot be explained through mere words on paper though I shall try.  Zeus has closed the Gates of Pearu to the mortal world.  He has banished us to our world due to the actions of Eris who is still missing along with members of her company.  I tried to reason with him that it was not my citizens, but he did not care to hear.  He wore the same look of blankness he did when he learned of my parents deaths.  He did not care for those of Pearu and would like nothing more than to see us perish.  I once thought of him to be something different, someone I could look upon, but the confusion has been cleared.  He and other Gods like him are the enemy.  Once I am done with exterminating Eris from this world, I will make it my duty to get rid of him as well.  We do not need Gods to govern us and tell us when we can and can’t enter the mortal world.  I will not take this as King.  I will abide by his rules for now, but in time he will forget, and in that time, I will strike.
Novembos 2, Year of Priam
It has been a while since I last wrote in you. The duties of a King of damned creatures can be quite demanding.  I have finally installed new laws that will keep the citizens in Pearu under control while we are trapped in our world.  There were some who disagreed at first, but they have fallen in line like the others.  My search for Eris is still a long going one.  I have searched every part of this world and she is still missing.  I have a feeling that she is no longer in this world.  The communication from the Gods has let me know that she has not perished in death, which leaves me uneasy.  Where exactly could she be hiding that even the Gods can’t see her?  Sometimes I wonder if she ever mastered the skills I’d once seen her possessed.  The Magic’s of the Darkness.  I have created a group of members named The Courant— together we will test every potion in our world to see if we can possess the skill that Eris used.  However, not all news is bad news.  I am married now.  My wife, Kiowa is a Hell Demon though sometimes I feel she is a Siren from the way she traps me with her smile.  Due to the rumors floating around, I know she believes that I only married her to settle my seat as King, but it is not true.  The feelings I have for her I can’t explain.  We also have a son.  Kiowa had been trying to give birth to a successful child, but failed.  After nine times, she decided to give up.  It was then a member of The Courant bought her a newborn Hell Demon to raise as her own.  Grethen never told me exactly where he got the newborn, only to love it as if he was my biological son, and so I shall.   
I flipped to the next page, but it was blank.  There was no more writing in this book from my father.  Closing the book, I leaned against the shelf behind me.  The shock of what I read hit me.  I always knew that I wasn’t Kiowa’s biological son, but it never crossed my mind that I wasn’t my father’s actual son either.  I always thought that my father had married before Kiowa, and that woman would be my mother.  But I was wrong.  I was just a newborn gift to him and he did not let me think any different.  I felt anger stir in me from not knowing the truth earlier.  What about my real parents?  It was obvious that my father never cared to know who they were.  He trusted this Grethen.  My thoughts moved over to the unknown name. Who was this Grethen?  Father described him as a member of The Courant, but there was no member named Grethen.  
I stood up from where I had been sitting and turned to place the book back on its shelf.  I hadn’t gathered much information about Eris, but still I’ve learned something.  Eris was practicing a magic unknown to those in Pearu.  What type of magic is the question?  The diary mentioned a source.  Was Lilith the source I wondered to myself?  I had no clue how old she was, but she was a Witch.  She could have cast any type of spell to hide her true age from me.  My father had created the members of The Courant to figure out, but there was no documentation on their findings.  Maybe they have yet to discover the elements Eris used. The rest of the books on the shelf were nothing but maps and other diaries from when my father was young.  It was like he no longer trusted his journals to be safe.  I wonder if he knew I would someday discover this place.   Or maybe, maybe someone else was prying and he didn’t want them to know the most important stuff.
There was still a lot of room to search but not enough time.  I had been gone for a while now and the guards would soon come to check on me only to find that I wasn’t in the room.  The disappearance of the Prince in a room with no windows and only one door was sure to create problems that will somehow get back to my father who would know where exactly I’d disappeared to.  With that in mind, I climbed the stairs quickly, only stopping to glimpse the shelves.  I reached the sixth floor and came to a stop.  There were no shelves filled with books and statues on this floor.  This floor was empty except for the blue ball in the center of the room, hovering above the floor.  Cautiously, I walked over to it, my eyes in a trance.  I came to a stop in front of it as I noticed that the blue shape was not of a ball, but a heart.  It was the crest of Pearu with same golden snake wrapped around it. 
Unlike the crest of Pearu, this heart actually glowed.  As I moved close to it, I could see white forms moving around inside of it, and if I listen closely, I could hear the heart beating.  Curiosity suddenly got the best of me and before I knew it, my hand was reaching out to touch the heart.  The moment my hands latched onto the heart, the snake came to life and latched down onto my right hand.  I groaned in pain as traces of my blood dropped down on the heart disappearing within it.  With a sudden shock, I felt myself being pulled forward as if I was falling into the heart.
Images raced past me as my father’s secret room disappeared leaving me on the streets of the mortal world.  I stared around confused as mortals walked past me.  It felt as if I had transported here as usual, but I knew I hadn’t.  A mortal bumped into me, but instead of knocking me to the side, they went through me.  It was like I was a ghost.  I tested out my theory by waving my hands in front of the mortals, but I remained unseen.  As I tried to get a grip on what was going on, I realized that everything was in black and white.  It was like I was in a picture show.  Out the corner of my eye, I caught a flash of color.  I turned quickly just in time to see a woman in red across the street.  Even from here I could tell that she was not a mortal, but a Creature of the Damned.  I made my way over to her hoping that she wouldn’t detect me.  Thankfully she didn’t as she continued on her journey.
I followed her as she maneuvered past mortals, her walk set with determination.  She was going somewhere important and she wouldn’t be moved.  She finally came to a stop at a hospital as she took a moment to peer up at it.  I read the hospital name.  Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital.  The name was unknown to me and I had no idea exactly where it was located.  I didn’t have time to find out either since the woman was moving again.  She entered the hospital and headed towards the set of elevators.  The elevator took us to the second floor, as it opened and we stepped out.  The woman walked past the nurses’ desk as she warned the creature that she shouldn’t be up here.  She ignored her and moved on the down hall.  I could smell the scent of baby mortals and knew were on the delivery floor.  It was confirmed once the woman entered the nursery.
I moved to the side as I watched her close and lock the door and place a chair behind it.  It wouldn’t hold for long and she seemed to know that.  As she moved over to study the babies, I found myself studying her.  She was a Kampe.  They rarely ventured into the mortal world.  This whole thing was very strange to me.  It got even stranger when she stopped in front of a baby male and removed a silver box.  I watch her stare at the baby before unlatching the box.  The top fell open as ball of light glowed within it.  She stared at the baby as if she was listening for something.  I found myself listening too and then realize what she was hearing.  The baby’s heartbeat.  It was slowing down.  The baby’s heart beat finally came to an end as it soul drifted from its body.  I looked around for the Reaper he was nowhere to be found which was odd.  He should have been here.  
The Kampe didn’t seem to mind the absence of the Reaper as she quickly placed the ball of light into the baby.  Mortal guards stood at the door as the Kampe began to disappear, taking me with her.  The blur of different lands gave me a headache as I realized she was teleporting.  However, she was doing too much teleporting.  It was as if she was trying to erase her trail. We finally came to a stop in a desert as she stared up at the sky.  
“Well wasn’t that impressive.”
We both turned and felt the shock of seeing Lilith there.  She stood in front of the Kampe unaware of my presence.  The two of them exchange words and I could feel the unsettling feeling that something was about to happen.  I was proven right when Lilith made the Kampe shed her mortal skin and reveal her true self.  Lilith like me, wanted to know why she was in the mortal world.  Lilith didn’t seem to like her reply as she grasped the Kampe by the throat.  This would not go well for the Kampe and she seemed to know that.
“Go ahead and kill me.  But take caution that the same fate awaits you much sooner than you think.  Your end is near.  In time you will be nothing.”
Lilith screamed with rage as the same blue power my father described coming from Eris, shot from her hand freezing the Kampe into place.  Lilith removed her sword as it slashed cleanly through the air, removing the Kampe’s head, its eyes staring up at the night sky.  The Kampe’s body fell over as Lilith wiped her word off on its clothes.  She placed it back in its hilt as she stared forward.  For a moment I thought she was staring at me, but then I remembered she couldn’t see me. 
Opening her mouth, she said.  “What are you up to Samr?”
There was no reply and I knew she wasn’t expecting any.  Lilith took one more glance before teleporting away from the scene of the Kampe as I felt myself being tugged back.  I flew back and landed on my back with a groan.  Opening my eyes, I saw that I was back in the hidden room at the palace.  Standing up, I stared at the glowing heart.  Shaken by what I’d seen, I turned and made my way back down the stairs away from the heart. 
       

ELEVEN

The temperature in Pearu today held a slight breeze as I stood within groups of dragon lilies and golden pansies.  My eyes stared up at the purple tint of the sky.  Guards had flanked me as soon as I left my father’s study making sure to keep me under a watchful eye.  When the servants noticed I was heading towards the gardens, they flew in a panic to get snacks and drinks ready.  I told them I would be fine, but they did not want to chance it.  Now as I stood here with the smell of curd and fresh bread tempting me with the blow of the wind, I found myself wishing that I’d not let my curiosity gotten the best of me.  The vision from the room was still fresh on my mind that with every blink, it replayed.
I glanced down at my moonstone ring.  The silver band gleamed as bright as the day it was given it to me.  The white moonstone churned reminding me of the glowing heart in the study.  I dropped my hand and shook my head.  All of this was confusing.  I’d seen something from the past, but yet there was a strange feeling that made me believe that the vision had not been random.  The snake had taken my blood and in turned brought forth a vision of a Kampe with Lilith.  This couldn’t have been not too long ago.  The time appeared to be in the forties which would have put it right around the time Eris disappeared from Pearu and the Gates to the Damned were closed.  However, I couldn’t figure out why was this Kampe in the mortal world, and why was she putting the ball of the light in mortal baby.  
I squeezed my eyes, as a nagging thought in the back of my head came to me.
“No.” I said shaking my head.  “I won’t believe it.”
“What won’t you believe?”
I turned around to see Kiowa standing there. I turned back around. “What are you doing here?”
“I’d been looking for you.  The servants told me that you were resting in your father’s study, so I decided to leave you alone.”
“Why were you looking for me?”
Her feet shuffled in the grass behind me.  “I wanted to apologize.  I’d done to you what your father does all the time.  I’d jumped on you without letting you explain.  I know you Aristaeus.  You’re a smart and loyal creature.  You wouldn’t have done what your father told me unless you had a good reason for it.  And even if you didn’t, I still should have listened to you and what you were feeling.  You’re my son after all.”
I closed my eyes at her mentioning the fact that I was her son.  The image of the mortal baby and the light came to me once more.
“I just don’t understand Aristaeus.  Please help me to understand.  Why were you with that God and why are you and Dyos hiding something?”
“Did father ask you to question me?” I asked opening my eyes.  
Kiowa made a hurt noise.  Her hand touched my shoulder as I felt the tenseness that had been in me sense I came out here, leave my body.  “Do you really have to ask me that?  I care about what’s going on with you not because the King may want to know, but because you are my son and I love you.”
Moving Kiowa’s hand off of my shoulder, I turned to face her again.  
‘Then as your son, tell me the truth.”
“The truth?  The truth about what?”
 “About my birth.”
  Kiowa stared at me.  Her eyes searched mine as if she was trying to figure out exactly what it is that I knew.  I decided to help her out a bit for my patience was running thin.
“I know that the King is not my real father and that a member of The Courant named Grethen, was the one who brought me to you.”
I decided to leave out the vision for now until I knew she would tell me the whole truth.  Once Kiowa told me the truth, my thoughts on the vision will be confirmed.
Kiowa glanced at me for a second trying to decide on whether or not to tell me.  Whatever she saw in my face gave her the answer as she turned to wave the guards away.  The guards glanced at her hesitantly, but with another sharp glance from the Queen, they backed away taking the servants with them.  She then turned back to face me.  
“Come.”
I took her hand as she led me further away from the guards and deeper into the garden.  We came to a spot in the middle of the garden where she often liked to come and read.  She sat on bench as I sat down beside her.
“Aristaeus, you must know that with me telling you this, I am breaking the trust I have with the King.  If he finds out—”
“He won’t.”
“How much do you know already?”
“I know about Grethen bringing me to you, and I know he never told father who my true parents were.”
Kiowa nodded as she took this in.  “You are right.  I had been trying to have a child for a while.  Nine times to be exact.  I could conceive but could never carry to full term.  The depression I faced for not being able to give birth and embarrassment I felt your father must have felt for having a barren wife, became too much for me.  I begged your father to unwed me, but he denied it every time.  One night, there was a pounding at the palace doors.  The fact that someone was up walking around Pearu when the King was sleep was unheard of.  Your father wanted whoever it was to be assassinated until he realized it was Grethen.  At first, he thought that Grethen was here to deliver news about Eris, but then he saw the bundle in his arms. I remember standing outside your father’s study wanting to glimpse whatever Grethen had found.  They stayed in the study for twenty minutes before Grethen left, his arms vacant of the bundle.  When your father exited, he gave me a smile and called me over.”  Kiowa paused and smiled.  “As I peered in the blanket I found myself ready to cry at the sight of the baby in your father’s arms.  At that time, I experienced the feeling mortal mothers go through.  I remember staring down at you, your body covered in scales as every now and then your lizard tongue made an appearance.  I looked up at your father and he said, “We finally have a child.” 
“This Grethen, you said he was a member of The Courant.  What happened to him?”
“Though your father loved you, he still felt there was something off about you.  Your father always had to know the answers to everything.  I think knowing the answers made him feel at ease.  So he went to Grethen to try and get it out of him again on where he got you from.  Grethen was tight lip as always, but this time your father would not let it slide.  Something didn’t seem to add up to your father, so he had Grethen followed.  Grethen seemed to realize that your father no longer trusted him anymore, so he disappeared.  It was like Eris all over again.  There was no trace of him in any parts of Pearu.”
“Did he go to Zeus about this issue?” I asked even though I already knew the answer.
Kiowa laughed.  “No.  Your father rarely to Zeus about anything that had to deal with Pearu.  He didn’t trust the God and made it known to us all the time.  The only time he communicated with Zeus was when Zeus contacted him first.  Your father would like to live as if Zeus never existed.”
I listened to what Kiowa was saying and realized something.  Though my father liked to claim himself different than Eris, they both seemed to possess the hatred for Zeus, and both wanted him erased from existence.  I wondered what would happen if my father ever got the chance to possess the skills Eris possessed.  Would he become like her, on a journey to destroy both Gods and mankind.  It seemed like he was on the path already despite his claims.
“So, he never found out about my birth?”
“Nope. It is one answer can’t figure out just yet.”
I laughed humorously.  “So that’s why he doesn’t deal with me and keeps me at arm’s length.  I’m nothing more to him than a puzzle that he can’t seem to figure out.”
“Do not say such things Aristaeus, your father loves you.  Despite where you might have come from, he is still your father.” 
“I know that Kiowa.  However, that does not change the fact that he can’t seem to be happy with what he has.  Maybe it’s good that he hasn’t found out where I’ve came from yet.  Maybe its fate’s way of trying to show him how good he has it.”
Kiowa stared at me for a moment.  “This is really bothering you, isn’t it?  You’ve never seem to care about what your father thought until now.  What is it?  Have you found something else out?  Did that God tell you something?”
“What makes you think she knows anything?”
“Because she’s a God and they see all.”
I scoffed.  “You would think.”
“So, you two have talked about this?” Kiowa asked carefully as if she was skating on thin ice.  “About your birth.”
I shook my head. “No.  But she does think there’s something different in me.  She’s not the only one though.  Zeus and Lilith have both noticed it.”
“Do not worry about them.  There is nothing wrong with you.  They are just trying to find reason to cause problems.  Especially this Lilith, she’s probably using you to bait your father.”
“Father seems to thinks so to which is why he has me currently under lock and key.”
We were quiet for a moment, both trapped in our own thoughts.
“Aristaeus, I know I have said plenty of things about the Gods.  I can’t sit here and tell you that I didn’t mean any of the things that I have said because it will be a lie.  Like your father, I have only envisioned you of as how a King shall act.  Communicating…and having…feelings for a God, a King should possess.  It’s blasphemy.  But as I sat there in my chambers, I didn’t think as a Queen would of a King, I thought as a mother of her son.  And as a mother, I could care less what species the creature you love is, as long as she makes you happy, than I am happy.”
I turned to stare at Kiowa as she smiled softly at me.  I could see in her eyes she wasn’t just saying that to get back in my good graces, but that she actually meant everything she was saying.  It didn’t matter how I felt about Astraea.  She would overlook it, for me, her son.
I reached over and pulled her into a hug as her arms circled me, gripping me tightly.  The truth was I had been debating over my own feelings for Astraea.  They were new and foreign to me.  A part of me was still trying to pass it off as a spell, but I knew I was only lying to myself.  I liked her.  But was it enough to go against my own kind?  My parents were right, in time I will become King.  If I am to rule the world of Pearu, whatever feelings I would have for Astraea would have to vanquish.  Even as I thought that, I found myself thinking of ways to join both worlds of Gods and Demons. 

Kiowa and I decided to call it a day in the garden and headed back towards the palace.  The guards resumed their places flanking us as we entered the back doors of the palace.  
She stopped in the hall near the kitchen and turned to me.  “I’ll go and inform the servants to get dinner ready.  Did you have a taste for anything particular tonight?  I was thinking stew, but we always have stew huh?”
“Whatever you order is find.  I do not have much of an appetite.”
“You hardly touched the snacks the servants brought you, and I heard that you didn’t eat the starfish you ordered.”
“I guess I just wasn’t as hungry as I thought I was.”
“You need to eat Aristaeus.  I won’t have you starving yourself over whatever is stressing you out.  I’ll order the servants to prepare some roasted hagfish and squid.  That should perk you right up.”
“Fine.”
Kiowa stood on her tiptoes to kiss my cheek before hurrying off to the kitchen, the servants’ right behind her.  
“Any word from the King?” I asked one of the guards.
“No your highness.  However, we do expect word from him soon.”
  I nodded.  “Let me know when you do and let me know when Dyos arrive.”
I left the company of the guards and headed up the stairs to my quarters.  I entered my room to see fresh clothes folded on the edge of my bed.  I had forgotten that I was still wearing the drenched alcohol clothing from earlier.  I guess my nose had become immune to the smell.  I remove my clothing and headed towards the bathroom.  I washed off in the shower, finding relief in the hot streams of water.  Once I was finished, I dressed and for once left my hair down.  
I walked over to the desk in my room and sat down.  On it were several stacks of folders I’d yet to approve.  Maybe this is another reason why my father seems to be angry all the time.  I am lacking in my duties as Prince.  Grabbing one of the folders, I skimmed through it taking in the proposal before signing off on it.  I did this over and over until all of the folders either had an approve sign from me or not.  
Leaning back in the chair, I closed my eyes as Astraea’s face came to me.  That was how the servant found me when she entered my room.
“Excuse me your highness, Dyos have entered the palace.”
“Thank you.”
The servant nodded and retreated as I stood up.  I grabbed the hair twister and placed my hair up before going to meet Dyos.  Dyos sat at the bottom of my steps surrounded by guards.  He stared at them in confusion probably due to the fact that he’s never had guards to follow him around.  Welcome to my life.  
“Dyos.”
“Aristaeus!” He said jumping up.  “What’s going on?  Why am I being followed by your stalkers?”
“That my friend, you must take up with the King.”
“Don’t worry I will.”
I chuckled and turned to the guards.  “Give us a moment.”
“But your highness, the King told us not to let him our sight.”
“The King is not here and I am in command and I say to give us a moment.”
The guard bowed.  “Yes, your highness.”
Once the guards were gone, I turned to Dyos who was smiling at me.
“Way to use your authority.”
“Well I will be King someday.  It’s best they start listening to me now, for their sakes.”
“Speaking of Kings, why did the present King summon me?”
 I stared at Dyos trying to determine whether or not he remembered anything.  If he would have, he wouldn’t have questioned why he was being brought here.  I take it to mean that he had yet to discover the scroll and produce his memories.  He was best left to think that we’d really gotten drunk instead of meeting up.  At least until my father has read his memories.
“You know my father.  He’s probably using you to keep me company or to give us lecture about our responsibility as the elite.”
Dyos made a face.  “Ugh.  I should have stayed home then.  I have a killer headache and my stomach is empty.  I can’t bear to take one of your father’s lectures today.”
“No worries.  The King has left on business and the servants are preparing dinner.”
Dyos laughed.  “Ah, well I guess I am glad to keep you company.  What shall we do until dinner is served?”
“Fencing perhaps.”
“I didn’t bring my weapon.”
“No worries, I have a supply.  Besides, you won’t have much use of it for long.”
Dyos cackled as we headed towards the small arena we had in the palace.  The servants brought me my demos as Dyos was given a sword I use to practice with before this one. 
“Try not to disfigure me too much young lord, I plan to have future dates.”
“I do not make any promises. Begin!”
The two of us ran towards each other, our swords clinking together.  The guards had given up their post and were now watching us with excitement.  Dyos was a very good sword fighter.  His foot work was excellent and his delivery was improving.  The only thing was he lacked the strength that drilled me to win every time.  Dyos was a happy going person and was hardly angry.  That is often while he loses.  With the type of weapons we possess, you often need a great strength to move them.  I learned when I was young, that anger seemed to be the best strength to use.  It was with that motion, that I became the best fighter in Pearu, not only with weapons but with my body as well.
Dyos moved his sword across the air as I bent back to avoid the near miss it would have made with my throat.   I bent back until I was forming a back flip.  My hands touched the ground as my feet connected with Dyos chin.  Dyos flew backwards as I landed on my feet.  The guards cheered as Dyos pulled himself up from the ground.
“Hey, I said no face shots!”
“Are you upset Dyos?” I asked taunting him.
“Not even close.”
He ran at me again swinging his sword wildly, as we both danced around.  He did manage to clip me on my arm and stomach a few times.  He had yet to get the point that I was trying to make him angry.  After all of these years, I was hoping to finally get at him, but still no such luck.
I grew tired of this cat and mouse game and decided to quickly end Dyos.  His sword came at me and I dodged my head to the right.  My hand came up to clamp the arm holding the sword as I called fire to me, slowly heating his arm.  Dyos yelped dropping his sword, as I flipped him over my body onto the ground.  His arm made as popping sound as he yelped out.  
“Game over.” I said smiling down at him.
“You dislocated my arm.”
“Does that make you angry?”
Dyos pushed up from the floor holding his arm.  “No, but it does make me want to do something.”  His eyes had a strange glint to it.  He was up to something.  Grinning at me, he ran off screaming.  “I’m going to tell on you!”
My eyes widened as I stared at Dyos retreating figure.  “Come now Dyos, let’s not be childish.  There is no need to involve Kiowa in this.”
Dyos reply was a laugh as he kept running.  Before I knew it, I was chasing after him.  My boots slid across the floor as I ran after Dyos.  There was a smile on my face as years from when I was young came to me.  Dyos and I would always get into fights and I would always be him up and he would always get me back by running to tell Kiowa.
I entered the kitchen to see Dyos hovering next to Kiowa who was petting him as if he was a baby.  At my presence she shot a glare in my direction.
“Aristaeus, why do you have to play so rough?  I do not know how many times I have to get at you about this.  Look at my poor Dyos. You will fix his arm at once!”
Dyos grinned at me from across the room as I wanted to shake the grin off his face.
“I am sorry mother, I will fix his arm.”
Dyos made his way over to me still smiling.  Once he was close to me, I gave him a grin of my own before snapping his arm roughly back into place.  He yelped and fell to the ground.
“Aristaeus” Kiowa shouted.
“You told me to fix his arm.” I said in an innocent tone.
Kiowa shot me a lopsided smile as she made her way over to us.  “Enough foolishness you two, dinner is ready.”
 I helped Dyos up as we made our way to the dining hall.  The two of us sat down across from each other as Kiowa took her seat at the end of the table.  The servants entered as they placed trays of roasted hagfish and squid, bread, and stew on the table.
“So, Dyos have you found yourself a lady yet.” Kiowa asked cutting a piece of her fish.
“Not yet your highness.  The lady creatures of Pearu are quite beautiful, but there is no eye catching one as of yet.”
“Well make sure she is up to par to take care of the castle.  When your father is gone you will be General.  You can’t just have anybody as your wife.”
“That is true.  I am thinking of taking a Harpy as a wife.”
Kiowa choked on her fish as I kicked Dyos under the table.
“He is joking.” I assured Kiowa.
Dyos grinned at Kiowa as she laughed. “I forgot have funny you could be.”
The doors to the dining hall opened as one of the guards entered.
“Your highness” He said bowing to Kiowa and I.  “The King has sent word that he will not be home tonight.  He will be staying in a palace on the outskirts of Mayur.”
“Will he be safe there with Prince Famar being dead?”
“He assured us he will.  The other guards from the palace are there with him as well.  He shall be back in the morning.”
“Very well.” Kiowa said.  “Thank you.”
The guard bowed again and disappeared back at the door leaving the room in an unsettling silence. 



  


  

TWELVE

After dinner was finished, the guards alerted us that the sky was beginning to darken signaling night in Pearu.  Kiowa retreated to her quarters after bidding Dyos and I goodnight.  I was left alone with Dyos who was sitting in a chair rubbing his stomach.
“I don’t understand why you wish to leave this place so much Aristaeus.  You have all the riches and best served meals than anyone I know in Pearu.  I’m thinking about asking the King if I can move in and become his adopted son.”
I rolled my eyes at Dyos.  “I’m sure that will go over smoothly with the King.  Besides one adopted son is enough.”
It slipped out before I could catch it.  Dyos sat up and gave me a look of confusion.
“What do you mean?”
“Nothing.”
Dyos continued to stare at me.  He didn’t believe me.   Clearing my throat I said, “I’m headed to bed.  You’re welcome to reside in my quarters or the guest quarters.”
I got up before he could say anything else.  Two guards flocked behind me as the rest stayed to accompany Dyos.  Once I arrived at my quarters I turned to nod at the guards.  I’m sure they wanted to follow me upstairs and even guard me while I was sleep, but I wasn’t going to have that.  They could guard me with their life when I am King.
I shut the main door to my quarters and headed up the steps to my room.  Entering my room, I saw that the servants had already pulled back my sheets and brought in fresh clothing and towels for the morning.  I stripped down to my shorts and tossed my clothes on the bench in front of my bed.  I undid my ponytail holder and tossed it on the stand beside the bed before climbing under the sheets.  Leaning over, I blew out the candle encasing me in darkness.  Folding my hands behind my head, I lay on the pillow and stared at the ceiling without really seeing it.  I couldn’t get rid of the thoughts of my mysterious birth.  I thought like my father, that Grethen had brought me to the palace because he knew the trouble Kiowa was having conceiving a child.  But his disappearance proved otherwise.  Grethen knew my father was on to something, so he disappeared.  But what?  Grethen couldn’t have been a part of Eris company could he?  It could be possible.  He did disappear away from the lands of Pearu like Eris did.  However, the vision of the newborn and the Kampe seemed to continue to break into my thoughts.  I shook my head to rid myself of such thoughts.  There was no way, is what I told myself.  I needed to find more answers before I acted on anything.  Until then, that vision proved nothing.  Closing my eyes, I relaxed my breathing as I fell into a slumber.   
I don’t know how long it was when I closed my eyes that the usual blackness that accompanied me when I slept disappeared.  It was as if a curtain was being pulled back and I was staring through a window into another world.  My eyes like a camera zoomed around the room before I spotted her.  She stood in the middle of the room holding a cup, looking very much alive than when Lilith removed her head.  Shock went through me and I felt myself move.  The Kampe turned in my direction and for a moment I thought she saw me, but she simply looked away.  She raised the cup to her mouth and sipped as she continued to stare out the window that was across the room.  
Suddenly, she placed the cup down on the table and walked over in my direction.  Without knowing, I felt myself moving to the side out of her way.  There was a door behind me that I hadn’t noticed when I first entered the room.  The Kampe headed towards the door, wrapping her fingers around the black handle and opening it.  Bright sunlight shined through the door as I found myself squinting my eyes.  It was weird.  I was like I was actually here even though physically I wasn’t.  The sunlight was one that was similar to the one in the mortal world, but this world had a different feel to it.  It didn’t feel like the mortal world.  
The Kampe stepped through the door, her hands clutching the brown dress she wore.  She followed a cobblestone pathway and every now and then she would stop to enjoy the breeze.  It was weird seeing a Kampe or even a Creature of the Damned enjoying the beauty of any world except theirs.  A butterfly landed on her shoulder as she smiled and continued her way down the pathway as it led down a hill.  Birds chirped above to the point it seemed like they were actually singing.  I wanted to turn around and assess the scenery some more, but my attention wouldn’t let me.  It was stuck on the Kampe.
Her walk finally slowed as she came towards the end of the hill.  I could smell what seemed like the sea.  I was proven right at the sight of the beautiful blue water stretched out in front of me.  The Kampe came to a quick stop that if I had actually been behind her, I would have collided with her back.
“You’ve been out here a while now.”
I felt myself stare at the back of her head in confusion.  Was she talking to me?  Did she actually know that I was here and she was just entertaining me, and then I thought about what she’d just said.  She couldn’t have been talking to me.
“I needed to think.” A voice came from in front of her.  The voice was so soft that I barely heard it.  The softness reminded me of Astraea and I found myself trying to look around the Kampe to see the person in front of her, but just like I couldn’t see the scenery, I couldn’t see who the voice belong to.  I was sure the person was a woman.  That much I was sure of.
“You’re always thinking.  Sometimes I ever wonder if you even sleep.”
The woman laughed at the Kampe’s comment.  
“Are you worried about whether or not you can still trust me?”
“I trust you Kithara.” The woman answered.  So the Kampe’s name was Kithara.  The name wasn’t familiar to me, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t search around to find out any more information on her.  Someone in Pearu was bound to know of the Kampe.  “I’m just worried that I’m sending you on a fool’s errand.”
“It’s not a fool’s errand.  What you’re doing is going to be for the greater good.  Someone has to stop Eris before she destroys everything.”
Eris?  They were talking about Eris?  I tried once again to peer around at the woman but it seemed like an imaginary force was pushing me back behind Kithara.  Something didn’t want me to see the woman’s face.
“The greater good huh.  I’m glad you see it like that.  I hope the Gods will as well.”
Kithara scoffed.  “Those Gods know nothing.  They’ve turned a blind eye to the happenings in Pearu a long time ago.  If they would have paid as much attention to the world of Pearu as they do the mortal world they would have seen what Eris was planning and could have stopped her.”
“The Gods have a lot on their plate Kithara. They have their duties.”
“And yet, they haven’t found Eris.  How is it she is able to disappear from their sight?”
“How is it that I am able to disappear from their sight?” The woman replied.  “Eris might be a cruel creature, but she is still a clever one.  She has an army of supporters.  We must not underestimate her.”  
There was quiet between them as they both stared out at the sea.  A couple of gulls flew by as Kithara raised her hand as if to wave to them.  The woman in front of her seemed to laugh.
“What so funny?” Kithara asked.
“It’s cute how childlike you seem at times.  Every time you see a seagull you wave, every time you feel breeze of wind you stop to enjoy it.  It’s like you’re seeing everything again for the first time.”
“I can’t help it.” Kithara said leaning her head back.  I could see a smile around her face.  “I love it here.  It’s so beautiful, so peaceful.  Not that Pearu isn’t beautiful too.  It’s quite gorgeous actually.  It’s just this place…this place put at my ease.  I’m glad I’m here.”
“And I’m glad you’re here as well.  You can stay as long as you wish.”
Kithara dropped her head from the sky and stared at the woman in front of her.  Her feet moved nervously across the grass.  “I never thanked you for saving my life.  If you hadn’t been there when you had…. I don’t know what would have happen to me.”
“You don’t have to thank me for that.”
“But I do.  You were someone we were often told to hate.  You were the enemy, but yet you saved me when no one from my world could care less what happened to me.  My own parents turned their backs on me when it came to what the Queen wanted.  They didn’t even fight for me.”
“I’m sure they had their reasons.” The woman softly.  The tone in her voice however stated otherwise.  She like Kithara knew the truth about the betrayal of her parents.  I found myself sympathizing with Kithara.  It wasn’t exactly unknown in the world of Pearu where parents often betrayed their children for the throne.  Children in Pearu didn’t last long with their families before they ended up venturing out on their own.  Sometimes it was their decision and sometimes it wasn’t.
“I know you’re just trying to comfort me.  It’s okay.  I’ve overcame their harshness.  Thanks to you, I still have a chance to become someone decent, someone worthy.  You’ve gave me more than anyone has ever done for me in my entire life, and in return I shall repay you with my allegiance.”
“I’ve told you that you do not have to repay me for saving your life Kithara.  So if that’s why you feel you must do this for me, you can forget it.  I’m not going to force you to do this for me.  I’m also not going to kick you out if you do not this.  Surely, you do not think of me as such a cold hearted creature.” The woman said almost sadly.
 “Of course not!  I could never think of you like that.  I just want you to know that I will never betray you.  I will do this for you because I want to and I believe in your cause.  I just wanted to thank you that is all.”
“You are welcome and thank you for believing in my cause.”
“Many will believe as well.  Just give it time.  Once this is done, many will come to believe you like me and all the others do.   This will work.”
“Do you remember what you are to do?”
“Yes.” Kithara said nodding.  “I am to return back to Pearu and wait two days after Zeus issue the sentence for Zobyverth.  In that time I will have stolen the blood from the Queen and delivered the message to your allies in Pearu.  Once you have broken the gate, I am to teleport to the Atlantic Sea in the mortal world where I will find the lost world of Atlantis.  Once there I am to find the box and the set of instructions you have left for me.”
“Correct.  You have only a limited window.  Once the Gods notice the Gate has been broken, they will flock down to find exactly how it was broken and who it was that escaped.  They will be on you in a matter of minutes so I will try to the stall the best way I can.  Teleport to different places so they cannot pinpoint your exact location.   You may end up getting caught.”
“Don’t worry.  I am aware of the repercussions and I am ready to take them.  I will keep my lips sealed about everything I know.  The Gods won’t know a thing.”
“Do not forget the Gods can read your mind.  They can see everything you ever done in your entire life.  You won’t be able to keep secrets from them.” The woman said.
“Well how I am supposed to keep them from learning about this or even you.  They’ll figure out everything before our plan can work.  They’ll end up killing us all.”
“Let’s hope that it does not to come to that.”
“Are you sure your guy will be there to finish the task? I mean do you trust him.”
“Yes, I trust him.  He has proven himself to me well in the past.  I do not doubt his loyalty just like I do not doubt yours.”
The two of them were silent again.  Somewhere nearby something howled as Kithara shivered.  
“You should get ready to leave.  The time is near.  You have to arrive in Pearu before the assassination of the mortal Adolf Hitler.”
“Are you sure that this is going to happen?” Kithara asked.  “Are you sure the Gods are going to step in?  They usually don’t involve themselves with mortal affairs.”
“They will this time.  They have orders coming from someone higher above.”
“The Creator.  So he’s real.”
 The woman laughed.  “Your Pearu side is showing.  I guess you have Eris to thank for the lies you have been fed about the Creator.  He is real.  Just as you and are breathing.”
“Have you ever seen him?”
“If I had, do you think he would let me tell you that?” The woman laughed again.  “For you to not like mortals, you are you surely thinking like the.”
“What do you mean?”
 “You seem think as the mortals that God is a He.  Why is that?”
“I don’t know.  I guess I am thinking like a mortal.” Kithara glanced off to the side her hair blowing in the wind.  Turning back to the woman she said, “I should get going.”
Kithara turned away from the woman and I found myself turning too.  I tried to divert my attention to the woman but failed again.  I felt like I was stretching my neck back.  I would see this woman’s face, not today.
“Kithara” The woman suddenly called.
Kithara paused and turned to stare back at the woman.  At the moment I could slightly see her.  If I was physically here, I would have fallen over in shock.  It was like I was mortal who’d looked upon an Angel.  The woman stood near the edge of the water dressed in a white gown that seemed to blow with ever breeze of the wind.  Her hair was a deep black as it came down to the end of her elbows.  Strands of it blew in the wind as the sun shined brightly behind her, blurring her face out.  It was the only part of her I couldn’t see.   The image standing in front of the sea with the bright shape of the sun behind her was something out of painting.  If only, I could see her face.
“Yes.”
The woman stared at Kithara for a long in time and in that second I understood.  She knew Kithara would not come back.  She would die out there by the hands of Lilith.  She knew that which was why she was trying to keep the image of her in her head.
“I love you.”
Kithara eyes blinked and I could see tears form in her eyes.  She cared deeply for this woman as if she was her mother.  It was similar to the feeling I had for Kiowa.
“I love you too.”
With that Kithara turned and walked away, the woman fading away in the distance.
The vision I was seeing began to disappear as the faint sound of someone screaming came to me.  My eyes opened as I sat up quickly in the bed.  Tossing the sheets to the side, I climbed out the bed and hurried over the window.  Staring down out the window, I stared in horror as the guards were engaged in hand to hand combat with other creatures of Pearu, and in the midst of them was Lilith.  Sensing my presence, she stared up at me a hint of a smile on her face.  More screams sounded in the palace as I finally realize what was happening.
The palace was under attack.
        
  




  


  
      



THIRTEEN

Another screamed sounded and it was enough to snap me out of my daze and into action.  I threw on my clothes as fast as I could and grabbed my demos and my jugest.  I rushed down the stairs in my quarters as the sound of the battle got closer.  Kicking open the door to my quarters, a servant ran passed me in the hall with a Lamia chasing her.  It was Gilda.  I unsheathed my demos and sent its blade into the tail of the Lamia cutting it cleaned off.  The Lamia fell to the ground screaming as it tried to hurry and reproduce its tail.  I didn’t give it any chance of reproducing as I sent my blade across its neck removing its head.  
Gilda turned to me and cried.  “Thank you, young lord.”
“Where is the Queen?”
“I do not know.  I think still in her quarters I’m not sure.”
A slight wave of fear went through me as I thought about Kiowa being all alone in her quarters without anyone to defend her.  Dyos I did not worry too much about because I knew he could handle himself in combat.  Kiowa couldn’t.  
“Find her and get her out of the palace.  I will find you, do you understand.  This is an order!”
She nodded.  “Right away your highness.”
Gilda ran off towards Kiowa’s quarters as I turned back to jump in the fight.  If I wanted to make it to Kiowa, I would first have to clear the way.  The Rogue seemed to have doubled since the last time I seen her which meant her influence back in Pearu was working.  The citizens must have learned of her return and decided they would not want to be on the opposite end of her wrath.
I turned my attention to a couple more Lamia that had entered and were heading in my direction.  I sent my jugest over my shoulder as the rope circled around one trapping it.  The hand holding my demos went flying towards the other Lamia, the blade removing its head in one swipe.  While the other Lamia was trapped in my jugest, I sent fire through the rope torturing it before silencing the Lamia forever.
Yanking my jugest back to me, it wrapped around my shoulder as I turned to face three creatures entering the hall.  I found myself distracted at the sight of the hellhounds standing in our hallway.  They were creatures that were a myth in our land that parents told their children to keep them from angering the King.  They were creatures I never knew to exist.  But like every creature, I knew these could be killed as well.
The hell hounds seemed to make some kind of communication with each other as they formed a battle sequence around me.  The one in the middle leaped at me disappearing into thin air.  I stared around in confusion when all of a sudden I felt the ring on my hand heat up.  My right hand lifted in the air rising higher and higher.  A thought came to me as I tossed my demos to my right hand gripping the hilt and sending the blade through the air.  The hell hound reappeared just in time as the blade connected with its neck sending the head towards the floor as its body landed next to it.  The other hell hounds growled with rage at their fallen leader as they lunged towards me pulling the same disappearing.  The ring burned again as my hand lifted off towards the right.  My blade went towards the right killing, the second hell hound and then in the direction to the left where the ring was turning me.  The last hell hound fell to the ground at my feet blood splashing on my boots.
I stared down at the white moonstone ring.  The ring had never showed any source power until now.  It protected me by showing me where the hell hounds were.  I found myself thankful for a gift from my mother.  Without it those hell hounds would have killed me.  A screaming Minotaur waving a battle axe seemed to bring me back to the fight.  The blade of the axe came towards me as I threw my demos in front of me blocking it.  The Minotaur possessed an insane strength as I struggled not to let the axe cut me.  The Minotaur seemed to know that he had the upper hand as he smirked down at me, snot and goo coating around his nose.   The smirk on his face suddenly change to one of shock as his whole body weight fell down on me.  I let out a yelp as we both tumbled to the ground.  I felt the sharp end of the axe slice into my chest as the weight of the Minotaur pushed down on me.
The weight suddenly lessened, as I felt the Minotaur being pulled off of me.  The Minotaur’s body fell off to the side as a bloody Dyos came into view.  
“Aristaeus!” He shouted.  He knelt down beside me and grabbed the hilt of the axe and tugged it from my chest.  Dyos was a warrior like me and knew that when it came to a weapon being lodged into your body, the best thing to do is remove it, than sitting around preparing someone that you are going to remove it.  Blood gushed from the wound as I found myself groaning in pain.  “The cut isn’t that bad.  Can you stand?”
“Yeah.”  I pushed up from the floor to stand.  Dyos was right.  The cut wasn’t that bad and the pain wasn’t too unbearable.  I’ve been cut before.  I could handle it.
“What is happening?  I awoke to screams and the next thing you know I got creatures trying to kill me.”
“Lilith is here.” I said.  “I need you to find Kiowa and get her out of here.  I sent a servant for her but I don’t know if she reached her in time.  Please friend, I am begging you.”
“You don’t even need to say anymore.  I’ll find her and keep her safe.”
Dyos patted my shoulder and ran off in the direction of Kiowa’s quarters.  I just hoped he got her before Lilith did.  I moved further into the battle slaying any and every creature that got in my way.  Throughout it all I received a number of slashes on my body.  The wounds weren’t that deep, but they were enough to make me faint.  I had to force myself to keep going.  Kiowa depended on me.  My citizens depended on me.
As I made my way through the battle I began to notice that some of my father’s guards had joined Lilith.  I’m sure they had a reason for it seeing how their friends’ bodies lied around us everywhere.  However, I had would not sympathize.  They signed their loyalties with Eris so they signed their deaths.  As my sword slashed through those of my father’s guards, some of their faces had a look of remorse.  They’d realize too late what they had done.  
The last body in the hallway dropped to the ground as I stood over it.  Glancing around me I saw the bodies of The Rogues, the guards, and the innocent servants of the palace.  I didn’t have time to stand and grieve over them.  I had yet to see Lilith since I arrived downstairs.  She was somewhere in this palace but where.  I gave another glance around before running in the direction of Kiowa’s quarters.  Bodies lined the hallway as I ran pass them.  There were clunks of debris on the ground coating my boots in gray dust.  Ahead of me I could hear the sound of weapons clashing and prayed that Kiowa was somewhere safe.
Rounding the corner, I bent in the nick of time as an axe flew towards my head.  I threw my jugest at the creature in front of me, the rope circled its neck and I pulled.  I yanked the jugest back to me and stared at the scene.  Gilda lay slain on the ground as Dyos fought Lilith.   Dyos sent his sword at Lilith who dodged it smoothly.  Her foot connected to his chest sending him flying into wall behind him.  His head knocked against the stone wall as he fell over crumbling to the floor unmoving.  Kiowa screamed in rage and pulled a weapon off a nearby guard and started to attack Lilith.  I took a step about to race towards Lilith when I felt myself being lifted.
A giant held me in his arms as he lifted me up in the air.  His hands clutched around my thighs that were tiny compared to his fists.  With a roar of pleasure, he sent me flying across the room.  I tried to stretch my limbs out so I would land safely, but the force behind the giant’s throw was too powerful and my head collided into the wall like Dyos did.  I landed on the ground as blood rushed into my mouth coating my teeth. My head was pounding as I slowly pushed myself up.  The blood in my mouth seemed to rile the Pearu side of me as I felt my true self pushing forward.  I turned to face the giant as the heat that accompanied a Hell Demon, wrapped around me encasing me, trapping me.  
Two guards raced to the giant side and started to poke at its legs.  The giant glanced down at the two guards and laughed.  With a wave of his hand, he sent the guards flying in the opposite direction.  Taking use of his slight distraction, I raced forward with demon speed.  I pushed off the balls of my feet thrusting myself into the air.  I landed on the giant’s shoulder and sent my blade down into the side of his neck.  The giant hollered in pain as his hands reached up to swat at me.  I dodged his hands and sent the blade again into his neck.  Unlike the Lamia and Minotaur, a giant was difficult to kill.  Removing their head took a lot of work, but it could be done.  
The rage of true form seemed to rile with blood lust every time I stuck the giant.  The blood loss was beginning to take its toll as the giant stumbled around.  Calling forth all the anger and blood lust in me, I raised the sword high and sent it down at the giant’s neck.  The head fell cleanly off and landed loudly against the floor.  A few of The Rogue stopped their fighting and stared over at the dead giant.  They stared at me with a slight hint of fear.  I stood on the giant’s body as it fell to the floor not once falling over.  I turned to stare at Lilith who seemed shaken at the fact I’d taken out one of her giant’s as well.
Kiowa tried to take advantage of Lilith’s distraction.  She sent the axe at Lilith aiming for her head.  Lilith however snapped back just in time.  She blocked the axe knocking it from Kiowa’s hand.  She waved her finger at Kiowa.  Too quick before my eyes, Lilith slashed Kiowa across her stomach.  I stared in horror as pain radiated through my body.  It felt as if I’d been struck myself.  Kiowa fell to the ground clutching her stomach as her eyes closed. 
“No!!!”  I yelled out.
I leaped off the giant’s body and ran towards Lilith.  I was seeing red now.  I wanted to kill Lilith.  I was going to kill Lilith.  Lilith turned to face me with a smirk on her cruel lips.  I would wipe that smirk off.  I leaped up off the ground with my sword and swung it at Lilith.  Lilith blocked the blade from my demos as her hands clutched the blade.  The two of us stared at each other as I tried to force my sword from her hands.
“What’s the matter Aristaeus?  Upset that I hurt your mommy?”  I didn’t bother to reply to her.  My attention was on getting my demos out of her hands so I could kill her and get Kiowa some help.  Lilith seemed oblivious or better yet unfazed to any of this.  “But she’s not really your mother is she?  You’re no one’s child.  Not hers and definitely not the King’s.”
“Shut up!” I growled.
“Who exactly are you Aristaeus?  Better yet, what are you?”
“Your Reaper!” I shouted finally getting my blade out her hand. Gripping the hilt of my demos tightly in my hand, I slashed at Lilith.  
She jumped back but not quick enough.  The blade cut through her gown as blood showed through the cut.  She stared at me in anger and it was now my turn to smirk.  That wouldn’t be the only cut she would be receiving tonight.  I brought my demos up again ready to strike her down, but I didn’t get the chance.  Lilith reached forward as her hand rested on my chest.  A coldness shot through my body as my demos dropped to the ground.  It felt as if I’d been dipped into ice as the coldness spread through my body freezing me into place.  My eyes stared at her as she sent her fist into my chest.
I flew back from the force of her punch.  My body collided against some glass shelves as I slumped to the floor.  I lay paralyzed to the ground with the pain of slight stinging over my body.  Lilith took a step towards me to finish me off when a loud thunder sounded and a bright light filled the room.  Everyone turned their attention towards the bright light.  My eyes were the only thing that I could move as I turned to stare in the same direction.  The light was a blinding one and I wanted to shield my eyes but I couldn’t move.  
The light disappeared leaving behind a kneeling figure.  The figure suddenly stood as everyone in the room suddenly backed up.  The head of the figure turned in my direction as I stared in surprise.  Astraea stood in the center of room dressed in the armor the Gods had worn when I first saw them.  Her eyes stared into mine not caring that she was in a room full of creatures that wanted her dead.  I wanted to ask her what was she doing here, but I already knew the answer.  She was here for me.  I felt a stirring in my chest as emotions clouded me.  She was being stupid again.  She’d risked herself by coming here.  But even as I thought that, another thought came to me.  I was glad to see her.  I missed her.
The creatures of Pearu stared at the God in awe.  This was their first time ever seeing a God, especially one in the world of Pearu.  Even Lilith wore a shock look on her face.  I’m guessing she had not counted in the Gods coming to the world of Pearu.  Astraea’s sudden surprise had caught her off guard.  The creatures of Pearu seemed to get over their shock quicker than I thought.  The enemy was no longer each other.  Both The Rogue and the King’s guards raced towards Astraea ready to strike her down.  Astraea turns back and stared at the creatures running at her.  She barely blinked as she raised her hand knocking the creatures off to the side.  
She then turned to face Lilith who had taken the time to compose herself again.
“I should have known you would come for him Astraea.” Lilith said with amusement.  “I just didn’t think you would come all the way to Pearu for him.”
“This war of innocent blood ends here.”
“How does it feel to betray your father Astraea?  You’ve known him you entire life and yet you turn your back on him for someone you’ve just met not even a few weeks ago.”
Astraea ignored Eris.  “Lilith, creature of Baba Yaga, you are ordered to return with me to seek punishment for your actions in both the world of Pearu.” 
“Punishment you say.  Will you be receiving punishment as well for your disobedience against the Great Zeus?  I’m sure once you tell him that you love Aristaeus, he will take pity on you.  I mean surely your father must understand your feelings.”
“This is your last warning.” Astraea said.  I could tell what she was saying was getting to her.  I tried to force my limbs to move, but they wouldn’t.  Whatever Lilith had done to me was keeping me frozen.   I had to get out of this.
“Why is it that you have fallen for Aristaeus?  I overheard you say you found him to be interesting.  I guess I can agree with that, because I too find him to be quite interesting.” Lilith said glancing over at me.  She turned her attention back to Astraea.  “But I did not notice how interesting he was until I finally got a big whiff of him, yet you seemed to know way before the two of you met.  Why is that?  Is it because you felt sorry for the King to be, or is it you know what really lies in his blood, and that is not all demon blood.”
Astraea stared across the room at Lilith.  Her head dropped at those words as she darted a glance over at me.  Was what Lilith saying true?  Did Astraea know something about me?  
Lilith laughed seeing the same thing I did in Astraea’s face.  “You know don’t you!  Tell me!”  She gave a wave of her hand at Astraea.  Astraea’s attention turned from me as she stared at Eris.  A slight tremor of fear went through me at what she could be doing to Astraea.
“Where did you get that?” Astraea asked suddenly her voice fierce.
Lilith hand dropped as she stared at Astraea confused.  It didn’t work.  Whatever she’d been trying to do to Astraea didn’t work.
Astraea took a step towards Lilith and removed her sword.  “I asked you where you got that power!”
She didn’t reply to Astraea.  With a growl of rage and somewhat fear she shot her hand forward as blue lightning shot out.  Astraea dodged the light her eyes confused on what she was seeing.  Lilith ran at her and threw her fists at her knocking her sword out her hand.  Astraea got over her confusion as she blocked Lilith’s fists.  She swatted her hands to the side as she punched her in the face.  The sound was similar to that of a rock dropping and it vibrated around the whole room.  Lilith flew back into a painting that had been hanging on the wall.  Lilith and the painting fell to the ground with dust all around it.  
Once again I tried to force my limbs to move.  I thought with Lilith down, her hold on me would drop.  Yet she was still holding on strong.
Astraea runs over to me and gripped my arm.  “Are you okay?”
“No.  She’s…got me…paralyzed.” 
I barely managed to get the words out.  I felt suffocated as if I couldn’t breathe.  Astraea gripped my arm tighter and closed her eyes.  She mumbled something in a language I couldn’t understand.  It sounded like a incantation.  She held my arm a minute longer before opening her eyes.  Confusion was on her face again as she stared down at me.
“I don’t understand.  It should have worked.  You should be able to move now.”
The confusion and worry in her eyes made me want to try to move again despite the pain I was feeling.  I tried with all the strength I had to try and break the spell Lilith had me under but it was still no use.  I sighed and looked up at Astraea.
“I...can’t.  Just…get…out of here.”
“I’m not leaving you behind.”  
Astraea tried once more to break the spell focusing all her attention on me.  My eyes had been staring at her when a figure behind her began to stand.  I moved my eyes past Astraea to see Lilith standing up.  Her body seemed to be unharmed.  Even the scratch I had put on her earlier was gone.  She turned to face us, a deep scowl set on her face.  I opened my mouth to warn Astraea but with a twist of her hand, Lilith stopped me.  Like a statue, I was frozen into place as I watched her creep up on Astraea who was kneeling in front of me unaware.  I tried to force any kind of sound to alert her, but nothing would come out.  I finally remembered that she could feel when I needed her.  Closing my eyes, I mentally shouted at her “Astraea behind you!”
Our eyes opened at the same time as we stared at each other.  Astraea turned in time to dodge the blue light Lilith had shot at her.  The light crashed into the stone behind me, knocking debris down on my head.
“I see why your father never allows you out.  You’re a pain.” She seethed.  “No worries.  I will do this one favor to Zeus by ridding him of the responsibility of having a daughter like you.”
“The only one who’s disappearing will be you. Elysian Stone!”
A gold light shot from Astraea’s outstretched hands.  The light shot through the air towards Lilith who didn’t bother to move.  The light was heading for her yet she wouldn’t move.  As the light finally neared her, Lilith outstretched her hands, catching the light in them.  Astraea and I stared at Lilith in shock as the ball of light hovered in her hands.  She stared down at the ball as her eyes slowly drifted back up to Astraea, a smile hinting at her lips.
Suddenly the gold ball of light began to change to a black color.  Astraea backed up as the once gold light was completely taken over by the black light.
“Silly God.”
Lilith pushed out her hands as the black ball left her hands.  Astraea raised her hands to block the ball but it was no use.  The ball collided with Astraea’s chest as the light resembled shock waves.  Astraea’s mouth opened with a scream as her body lifted off the floor.  The scream was one filled with abysmal pain as the black light moved all over her body.  The pain finally became too much for her as her body dropped to the ground, the black light still moving on her body.  I stared across the room at Astraea’s limp form, her eyes close and a touch of gold running out the corner of her mouth.  She wasn’t moving.  She’s not moving.
I looked over at Lilith who was staring at her, the gleam of pleasure in her eye for taking out a God.  Closing my eyes, I kept hearing Astraea’s scream in my head, I kept seeing her limp form before my eyes.  With a growl of rage, I felt my body tremble as I forced myself to move.  My limbs shook as I slowly lifted from the floor.  Lilith turned to face me a look of disbelief on her face.
She waved her hand giving a twist— a wave of pain hit me dropping me a little.  However, it was not enough to keep me down.  Once again I pushed myself up from the ground, not once taking my eyes off of her.  I finally had enough strength to push to my feet.  I felt a new wave of power shoot through me as the moonlight ring on my hand once more lit up.  The power was much stronger than when I felt it before.  It wasn’t painful, it was actually peaceful.  It felt as if it had been a part of me all along.  All of a sudden I didn’t feel just like a Hell Demon, but something much more powerful.
Soft whispers of a woman’s voice vibrated through my head.  At first I could not understand them because the voice was moving too fast.  I could see the voice line in my head as a white string that shook fiercely.  With an invisible hand, I reached into my mind and smoothed out the line until was straight and moved softly.  I could hear the voice now.  It was a woman’s voice.  It was her voice.  The woman I’d dreamed about.  The woman who’d been with Kithara.
“Aristaeus, it is time.  Reveal Yourself.”
Closing my eyes, I felt a new wave of skin wash over me as the wounds I’d endured during battle, reattach itself until my skin was completely new.  My skin felt tougher but yet softer.  Somewhere I could feel my Hell Demon side behind the thick layer.  I was still me.  But now, now I was something more powerful.
My eyes opened as I stared across the room at Lilith who’d begun to back up.  
“Impossible.” She breathed out.  “Impossible!” She said this time with much more force.  She screamed with rage as she ran at me withdrawing a small scythe.  
I stood in front of her and waited patiently.  Once she was three feet in front of me, I shot my hand out to the side and said, “Demos!”  
My demos flew from across the room to my hand.  Lilith’s scythe slashed at my head as I lifted my demos to block it.  Our weapons held against each other as we stared into each other’s eyes.  For the first time since meeting Lilith, I sensed fear.  She was scared of me now.  I had changed into something she wasn’t prepared for, something she hadn’t expected.  Her eyes darted nervously back and forth as she tried to put more force behind that of her scythe.  Had I still been a Hell Demon, she probably would have succeeded in knocking me down on the floor.  But now, I barely moved from her power.  
The creatures that had been unconscious slowly came to.  They stood and stared over at Lilith and me.  Some of them inch forward to come to her aide, but stopped once she raised her hand.  
“No!  I can handle him!”
I smirked at that which seemed to anger her even more.  More power raided through her body into her weapon as she continued to try and push me back.  Out the corner of my eye I watch Dyos come to.  He stared over at us and leaped up to his feet ready to jump in if needed. I could see his eyes roaming over me every now and then as if he was seeing me for the first time.  In a way, he was.
I decided to end this game with Lilith.  Calling forth the power from the ring, a white light shined from eyes. The light was bright enough to distract Lilith as she dropped her power level and reached her hand up to block the light.  Everyone in the room raised their hand to block the light coming from my eyes as it filled up the room.  Drawing back my fist, I sent it forward, colliding with her.  Lilith flew back colliding with her minions as they all tumbled to the ground.
Thunder roared from above as a different color of light entered the room.  The golden light shined from in front of me as it slowly disappear revealing Zeus, Poseidon, and Athena.  The three Gods stood from their kneeling position as they withdrew their weapons.  Athena’s attention turned to Astraea who lay unconscious on the floor.   She ran to her side and held her sister, calling her name.  It was strange, even though she was speaking in another language, I understood it.
Zeus stared over at his daughter as a wave of emotions flew past his face quicker than his changing eyes.  His eyes moved from Astraea and settled on me.  Inside his head, I could hear him say “Impossible.”  Poseidon and Athena turned hearing the same thought as I did.  They stared at their King before following his eyes over to me. The shock that radiated through them seemed to cloud my head.
“This can’t be.”
“Zeus is this possible”
“We have to kill him!  It is our duty!”
I shifted my stance as I stood on guard against the other Gods.  If it was a battle they wanted, than it’s a battle they get. Astraea moving in the corner took our attention off of each other as we turned to her.  Her eyes opened and I felt a tension that I hadn’t noticed, leave me.  She stood to her feet with the help of her sister Athena.
“Are you okay sister?” Athena spoke into her mind.  As if remembering that I was there, she flicked her eyes over at me in anger.  I was protruding on their thoughts and she didn’t like it.
“I am fine, Athena.”
Astraea’s eyes roamed the room searching for someone before landing on me.  Her eyes seemed to resemble mine as her thoughts broadcasted, “Thank you, he is okay.”
“I’m okay.” I answered back to her.
Astraea blinked and finally got a good look at me.  Unlike everyone else, she didn’t seem to be shock to see that I’d changed.  It was as if something had just been confirmed for her.
The boom sound of someone teleporting brought us back to the fact that there was another enemy in the room.  We turned where Lilith had been standing to see that she was gone.  She’d taken advantage of our slight distraction and used it to escape.  She’d left her minions behind as they stared at the spot she’d been standing.  Their eyes turned to the Gods in fear.  Some of them began to teleport away while others who needed Lilith to teleport were left trapped in the room.
“Take care of them” Zeus said to Poseidon not once taking his eyes off of me.  Poseidon nodded and turned towards the remaining enemies.  There screams became a background soundtrack to what was happening at the moment.  The fear I felt towards the Gods had disappeared.  Ignoring them, I walked pass Dyos over to Kiowa who lay unconscious on the floor.  I kneeled beside her and touched her forehead.  She was losing blood.  She needed to get to the medic soon.
“We must get rid of him father.” Athena’s voice ranged in my head.
“No!” Astraea shouted.  “Father please, don’t!”
“What do you mean no?” Athena yelled at Astraea.  “We have to keep to the bylaws.  We must destroy him.”
Astraea ignored Athena as she made her way over Zeus side.  “Father he’s not like what we’ve heard.  Father please, just let me explain.”
“We don’t need an explanation.  I shall eradicate him” Poseidon said twirling his staff.
Dyos stepped in front of me to block me.  It was enough to bring a smile to the Poseidon’s lips.  I moved Dyos to the side as I shook my head.  I was thankful for his bravery and loyalty, but he would not last against the God. 
Astraea made her way over to us as Zeus eyes followed her.  She stood in front of me as if shielding me.  “I’m sorry Poseidon, but I can’t allow you to do that.”
“You will choose this creature over your own kind.”
Astraea turned her eyes to her older sister.  “I’m not choosing him over my own kind.  But I will not stand by and let you hurt him.”
“You talk as if you have feelings for this him”
Astraea didn’t reply.  Athena’s eyes widened as she took a step backwards in shock.  Throughout it all, Zeus remained quiet.
“So it’s true.” Poseidon said staring at Astraea.  “You like this demon!”
“You don’t have to answer that” I said suddenly.  I wouldn’t stand here and let them force her to admit her feelings in front of me like this.
“You have no part of this!” Poseidon’s eyes turned towards me.  His staff glowed as his eyes flipped fiercely.  “This monstrosity of your creation is already at stake, if I were you I would remain silent until we ask you to speak!”
“Don’t speak to him like that!” Astraea shouted.
Booms sounded behind them as our attention turned towards the hallway.  The hallway was dark for a moment before the figure of my father stepped through.  At the sight of the Gods standing in the room, he came to a stop.  His eyes moved around, staring at the Gods one by one.  His eyes moved over to me and Astraea who stood next to my side.  Anger was in his eyes, but as he stared past me, it changed to grief.  He stared at Kiowa’s crumpled body in the corner.
“She needs a medic.” I said.
My father’s eyes turned back to me.  His eyes roamed over me.  There was a look of disgust as he stared at me.  With a snap of his fingers, one of the guards who was known as a medic, moved over to Kiowa.
“What are you doing on our land?  You have not asked permission to enter our world.”
“We do not need to ask you for any permission incubus!” Poseidon said to my father.  “We can enter any world that we please.  We are not breaking any rules here.”
My father growled as his true face came forward.  The guards behind him mimicked their King as they took a step forward ready to protect and die for him.
“Lilith was here.” I said trying to diffuse another battle.  “She attacked the palace.”
“Where is she?”
“She escaped.”
My father scoffed as he stared at Zeus in disgust.  “Some Gods you are.  You let her escape when she was right in front of you.  I’m starting to think you enjoy letting The Rogue run loose in our world.  That way they can exterminate us all without you having to step in and intervene.”
Zeus whom had been quiet since his arrival finally spoke.  “I assure you King Priam that is not our intent.  I came for my daughter, not to exterminate anyone.”
My father’s eyes turned from Zeus and looked over to Astraea and the way she stood blocking me.  “Your daughter has been causing a lot of problems as of late.  I do not want her in my world and I do not want her associating with my son.”
“I assure you she will not return to this world and she will pay for her disobedience.   However, I will be taking your son with me.  His species is in question and he will need to appear before the courts.”
“Father!” Astraea cried.
“Be silent Astraea” Athena said.
“You will not be taking my son anywhere.” My father said taking a step towards Zeus.  “If anyone is going to question him, it will be me.  He still has demon blood in his system, of that much I can be sure.  As following the bylaws, he is to be questioned by the courts in Pearu.”
“He’s coming with us!” Poseidon argued.
The feel of Astraea latching onto my hand made me turn my attention to her.  She stared at me, her eyes portraying that she was once again about to do something stupid.  As if hearing her plans the Gods turned to her.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t let you have him!”
“No!” Athena shouted, but it was too late.  
Astraea’s veil formed around us blocking us from the view of the Gods as we teleported from the room.
     





FOURTEEN

The smell of hay and farm animals surrounded us as we appeared in the middle of a field.  A cow mooed, staring at us over the brown wooden fence.  Astraea let go of my hand as I stared around.
“Where are we?” I asked.
“In the mortal world.  Kentucky to be exact.” 
  She limped over to a fallen log and sat down on it.  There was a cut on her leg as blood rushed from it.  I’d almost forgotten that she’s been hurt during her battle with Lilith. Most of her injuries had healed except for the cut on her leg.
“Are you okay?”
“I’ll be fine.” She smiled.  “It’s just taken a bit longer since I used too much power.  I should have waited until I was fully healed before cloaking us and teleporting.  I just couldn’t let them take you.”
I sat down on the log beside her as she picked at her cut.  I smiled.  The act reminded me of one I’d seen mortal children do many times.   
“Are you okay?” She asked.  “You know with leaving your friend and your mother there.”
“They will be fine.  My father won’t hurt them.”
It was the truth.  While my father might search their memories for any hint of dishonesty or betrayal, if he finds nothing, he will not hurt them.  His anger was with me now.  I couldn’t get over the look of disgust on his face as he stared at me.
“He doesn’t hate you.” Astraea said guessing my thoughts.  
“You saw his face.  He’s disgusted by me.”
“No, he’s disgusted by what lurks in your blood.  Your father still loves you.  He even stood up for you against my father.”
I chuckled.  “That wasn’t for my benefit.  My father loves to go against Zeus.  If he would have said it was nice sunny day, my father would have countered with that it was muggy rainy one.”
“I don’t think so.  You should have more faith in your father Aristaeus.”
“How’s your wound?” I asked changing the subject.  I didn’t want to spend the time thinking about my father right now.  
Astraea stretched out her legs as she wiped the smeared blood off her leg.  The cut in her leg was completely healed as if it was never there.  I reached out to touch the place where I remember seeing the scar.  My fingers brushed against the softness of her skin the silver of my nails shining against her leg.  Realizing I was caressing her leg, I moved my hand and stared up at Astraea.  She stared back at me with an inscrutable look, her eyes moving from gold to blue.
Clearing my throat I said, “Why did you come this time?  I didn’t call for you.”
“I was watching already.  I knew I wasn’t supposed to enter Pearu without the authority of my father, but when I saw her hitting on you.  I just couldn’t stand it.”
There was silence between us as unspoken feelings bounced around on the surface.  She’d defied her father rules again because of me.  Because she could not sit idly by and watch Eris kill me.  It was the same way I felt when I saw her lying unconscious on the ground.
“I thought you were in trouble for your last act of disobedience.”
“I was.  But my father’s servants have a soft spot for me.  They knew I wasn’t allowed to leave our world anymore, so they didn’t feel guilty allowing me to glance in at your world.  I’m sure when I do return they will not trust me anymore.”
“What is your world like?” I asked.  “I know you can’t say too much about it.  I just want to know is similar to that of our world and the mortal world.  Do you have different parts to your lands like we do?”
Astraea thought about whether or not if she wanted to answer that question or not.  “Yes our world is similar more so of that of the mortal world.  We have several cities in our land.”
“I thought you guys would only have one place where all your people would live.”
Astraea laughed.  “We might be Gods, but we are still children of our true Creator.  He gives us a chance to enjoy our lives as well.  Many mortals like to think we sit around and just stare down into the world all day without moving which is only halfway true.  We take shifts with the other species in our world.”
“What other species do you guys have?”
“Now that I can’t answer.”
I nodded. “I understand.  Do you enjoy it there?”
“Yeah, I love my world.  Why do you ask?”
I shrugged.  “It just seems like you’re always trying to escape it.”
“I’m not trying to escape my world.  The only times I’ve left was when you needed me.  Our world is so peaceful.  I wouldn’t trade it for that of the mortal world like others would.  I love being close to my kind and close to the Creator.”
“Have you seen him?  Your Creator?”
Astraea stared at me.  “He’s just not our Creator, Aristaeus.  He’s yours too.  And to answer your question, no I haven’t seen him.”
I scoffed.  “What is it with Gods and not revealing themselves?  I understand why you don’t show yourselves to mortals, they wouldn’t be able to handle it.  But to the creatures of Pearu, we don’t care how you look.  It’s better for us actually to know how you look so we can know our enemy.”
“Am I your enemy Aristaeus?”
“No, I wasn’t saying that.  I was just speaking in terms of the creatures of Pearu.”
“Hmm.” Astraea mused.  “Well you seemed to answer the question for yourself.  We do not reveal ourselves because mortals would not be able to handle our true form.  It’s the same reason those of the damned do not show their true forms to the mortals.”
“It’s not like we don’t want to.  It just goes against the rules of your father.”
A hawk settled on a chopped true stump and stared over at us.  Its head turned to the side as trying to figure out what exactly where we.  The way it turned its head reminded me of Lilith.
“Lilith seemed shocked by my change.  It was like she wasn’t expecting it which was confusing since she was the one who seemed to think I was something different.”
“I noticed.   Your change shocked a lot of people.”
I turned to stare at Astraea.  “Everyone that is, except you.  You seemed okay by change.”
Astraea stared at her hands but didn’t bother to answer me.
“Astraea, you know what am I am, don’t you?”
She looked up at me as if she was sad.  “Can we talk about something else please?”
“No.  Now answer me.  Do you know what I am?”
“Yes.”
“What am I?”
“I can’t tell you that Aristaeus.” She said.
“You won’t, or you can’t.”
“I won’t.”
I sighed and rubbed a hand through my hair.  I’d yet look at the new me.  From what I could tell, I still the same, but there was still something different in me.  Everyone else seemed to see it.  Everyone seemed to know what I was, except me.
“Please don’t be angry with me Aristaeus.” Astraea said softly.  “I want to tell you but I can’t.”
“Why?  Is it against one of your rules?”
“No it’s not one of our rules.  I’m just worried about how you will view yourself.  I’m worried about what you will do and how this change will affect you.”
“What do you mean?”
“This change is something that has never happened ever in our existence though it has been spoken of.”
“So you’re saying I’m a myth?”
Astraea nodded.  “Yes and since I don’t have all the information yet, I don’t feel comfortable telling you.  You’re going to want answers to questions I don’t have.”
I stared at her. I knew she was just looking out for me.  She was right as well.  Whatever I am, I was going to ask questions about how I’d gotten this.  Whatever kind of mythical creature I was seemed to bring fear to both the Lilith and the Gods.  I slightly wondered if this Grethen knew this when he brought me to my father that night.
“Who is Grethen?” Astraea asked reading my thoughts.
“He was a member of my father’s Courant.  He was the one who brought me to my mother when she couldn’t have off springs of her own.”
“Where did he get you from?”
The vision I’d seen in the heart came to me as I blinked my eyes closed.
“It’s okay Aristaeus.  You don’t have to tell me if you’re not ready.”
I rubbed my hands across my face.  I brought my hands down and stared at the moonstone ring on my finger.  “It’s not that.  I want to tell you.  I just don’t have all the parts to the puzzle yet.  I’m still confused on what I saw myself.”
Astraea reached over and rubbed my shoulder in comfort.  “Do not stress yourself over this.  Together we’ll find out what happened to you, and what all of this mean.  It can’t be just a coincidence, your birth that is.”
 I nodded.  It was something that ran through my mind as well.  My birth and the vision of Kithara wasn’t an accident.  There was something else missing.  I was here for a purpose, whatever that seemed to be.
“I wonder where Lilith disappeared to.”
“She’s probably gone into hiding.  She wasn’t expecting Zeus to appear in our world.  I don’t think anyone was prepared for that surprise.”
Astraea sighed.  “My father came because of me.  He’s connected to all of his children.  So when one of us is down, he automatically feels it.  Once my shield was down he knew exactly where I was.  It only took him a second for him to get here.”
“What do you think he will do to you this time?”
“I’m not sure.  I’ve disobeyed him too many times.  It was one thing to do it in front of Lilith, but in front of creatures of Pearu.  He won’t let this go so easily like he’s done all the other times.”
“I’ll defend you.” I said fiercely but Astraea simply waved her hand.
“Will you go back home?”
“Not right now.  I need to let my father calm down some.  Besides he needs to spend more time with Kiowa.  She’s going to need him when she wakes up.  She’s never experienced anything of that sort before.”
“She seems really sweet to be a demon.” Astraea said smiling.  “I’ve seen her often around you.  She reminds me so much of some of the mortal mothers I’ve seen.”
“Don’t let her hear that, she’ll have your head.”
We both laughed as the cows behind the fence begin to push closer.  They seemed to find us intriguing to the point they were trying to break the fence.
“I heard what she said.”
“Hmm” I turned to Astraea.  “You heard what who said?”
“Your mother.  I heard what she said about being okay with you having feelings for me.”  I stared at her as she ducked her head in embarrassment. “I know I shouldn’t have invaded your privacy, I’m sorry. I was just watching you when she said that.”
“No…It’s okay.  You don’t have to be sorry.”
 “Aristaeus.” Astraea called softly.
I glanced over at her.  She moved around nervously like a mortal.  Whatever she was about to say both frightened and excited her.  
“Yes.”
“I…I like you Aristaeus.”  She lifted her head to stare at me as her eyes shined bright with each change of color.  “I…I really like you.”
As I stared at her, the thought came to me that we were trouble.  This couldn’t happen.  A God and a Hell Demon with feelings for each other.  Things like this just didn’t happen.  It was unheard of and it was blasphemy.  Even as I thought all of this, I couldn’t stop my head nearing towards hers.  I watched her eyes move from my eyes to my lips as she leaned closer.  Our lips touched and we both sighed with contentment.  Yup, we were in deep trouble.
My hand grabbed the back of her head as I pulled her closer to me.  Her hand reached up to grip my shirt as we pushed to get closer to each other.  Our lips continued to entwine as I tried to install this scene in every part of my memory I could.  I didn’t want to forget this moment.  My chest felt as if it was about to burst and my hands wouldn’t stop moving from her head to her face.  She was beautiful.  This kiss was beautiful.  For once I experience the love that mortals dreamed of.  Her lips were soft against mine as we they took the time to get to know mine better.  I didn’t want this to end.
The clearing of someone’s voice forced us apart.  I leaped up and withdrew my demos blocking Astraea from the intruder’s view.  I was expecting to see Lilith again, but instead, Zeus stood in front of us.
Embarrassment from being caught kissing his daughter went through me until I remembered he and the rest of the Gods wanted me dead.
“Father” Astraea called from behind me.
Zeus stared at us his eyes narrowing at the both of us.  He was alone.
“Astraea you are to return home at once.”
“Father please let me explain.  You do not understand.”
“I understand enough!” His voice came out sharply.  Thunder boomed in the sky as Astraea whimpered.  “You continue to disobey me over and over and I have gone easy on you because I thought you were just humoring yourself.”
“I’m sorry father.”
“I do not want to hear any of your apologies.  You will find someone waiting for you when you return home.  You will not be leaving again. I will make sure of it this time.”
I turned to look back at Astraea whose head was bent as tears ran down her face.  It was killing her to go against her father and it was enough to feel me with guilt. She was doing this for me.
“Go.” I said quietly to her.  “I will be okay.”
Astraea’s head lifted as she stared at me.  She shook her head fiercely.  “No I won’t.  I won’t let anyone harm you!”
Out of the corner of my eye, I watched Zeus remove a golden rope similar to that of my jugest.  I heard Astraea gasped behind me.  The rope shot out of Zeus hand towards Astraea.  The rope wrapped around her leg as she was yanked forward by Zeus.  
“No!” I screamed.
I ran at Zeus who threw a bolt at me.  The impact from the bolt sent me flying in the air as I landed in a pile of logs.  I peered up as Astraea had now reached Zeus feet.  Lightning flashed in the sky as it cleared and two forms of light shot out.
The light landed next to Zeus feet to reveal to beings I’ve never seen before.  They were dressed in white armor and there face was covered by a white and gold helmet.  Bright white wings were attached to their back and seemed to stretch wider than any wings I’d seen before.  They ran forward and latched onto Astraea’s arms.  With a wail, gold light formed around them as they shot towards the sky leaving me alone with Zeus. 
“No!” I got up from the ground.  I ran at Zeus. I threw my fists at him as he blocked them without really laying a hand on me.  “What did you do to her?”
“She disobeyed me.  I will not tolerate disobedience from anyone.”
I didn’t bother to respond as I threw punches at me.  Zeus got tired of my hits as he swatted me to the side.  I crashed into the fence that held the cows.  The cows didn’t seem to mind my intruding as they began to lick and chew on my hair.  
“Do not worry yourself Aristaeus.  I will not harm her, at least not in the way your father does to you.” Zeus sat down on the log Astraea and I had been sharing.  “I know you have feelings for my daughter and she has feelings for you as well.”
I pushed up from the ground and slapped a cow that was still chewing on my hair.  I made my way towards Zeus ready to take him on again though I doubt I will win, even with my new strength.
“You’re not their blood son.”
“I thought you already knew I wasn’t there son.”
“Believe it or not Aristaeus, your father does know how to keep some secrets from me.  I thought of you to be a full blooded Hell Demon.”
“And now?” I asked.  
“And now you’re something that is not supposed to exist.  It seems my daughter discovered it before me, but yet she has been an observing one.”
“And yet you sent her away without letting her explain.”
“I had to.  I couldn’t have her associating with an abomination. A Sacrilege at that.” Zeus said.
I stared at him.  “What did you call me?  I wouldn’t have thought a high God of your level would resort to name calling.  I thought only Poseidon does that?”
“I am not calling you that to pick on you.  I’m calling you that, because it’s what you are.  You’re a Sacrilege Aristaeus.”
“Sacrilege?  What does that mean?
“You’re no longer just a Hell Demon, you’re a God.”


  


FIFTEEN

I stared at Zeus as shock went through me.  My mouth opened and closed several times as I tried to find the words to disagree, but they never came.  I wanted to tell him he was wrong, but as I looked in his eyes, I knew he wasn’t.
“I know it’s hard to come to terms with.  Imagine how I felt once I discovered your true identity.” Zeus said catching a grasshopper in his hands.  The grasshopper’s leg was broken, but with a touch from the God, its leg outstretched completely healed.  He placed the bug down and sent it on its way.  “I had my suspicions.  I just needed them to be confirmed.”
“You had your suspicions.” I finally breathed out.
“Yes.  My daughter is not one to react in such a way that she would disobey me.  If it was anyone that would disobey me, it would be Athena.  Astraea is like my shadow.  I can always count on her to be around me.  But with the sudden appearance of you, she began to leave my side.  It started as just every once in a while that she would sneak off to watch you.  I didn’t mind it then.  It was once you started to become of adult age, when you started your first job as a Reaper.  My daughter sensed your empathy towards the mortals, in that she found you interesting.”
I moved closer to him, my thirst for knowledge overriding the anger I had been feeling towards the God.  I sat on the edge of the log as he continued his story.
“She used to come to us and tell us all the things you were feeling.  I like her, found it quite strange that a Hell Demon would be harboring such intense feelings for mortals.  Especially the son of King Priam.  I take it your family did not know of your feelings.” 
“Not at first.” I said.  “I hid it from them, but they eventually found out.”
“I figured as much.   I guess my daughter is to be blamed for part of that.  After watching you so long, I should have known she would have ventured down sooner or later to meet you.  The Gates being broken was the perfect excuse for her to see you.  Though I was upset with her for cloaking herself from me while she was with you the first time, I understood— which is why I didn’t push so hard to punish her once she returned home.  It was after she defied me again that I began to worry.  You remember our first meeting, don’t you?”
“How could I forget?” I said.  “It was my first showdown with Lilith.”
Zeus laughed at my terminology as he stared up at the sky.  “You speak like mortals.  Yes, we met during the “showdown” with Lilith.  I didn’t have much time to watch you, as you can see I was busy defending my children against a enemy.  It wasn’t until you call forth a power that I possessed that I began to find you quite interesting.  You have no idea the shock I faced watching and feeling you do that.”
“Feeling?”
“Lightning, Thunder, all those powers are connected to me.  They are a part of me.  So when you call forth a power that only I use, I felt it all over my body, it was as if you were pulling it from me.”
“I’m sorry.” I said thinking of the pain he must have felt.
“No worries.  It wasn’t painful.  It was a shock, but it wasn’t painful.”
“Is that when you started watching me?”
“Yes.  When we returned home, I sent Astraea off so I could think.  I could hear the worries in her head about what she thought I would do to you.  It felt a bit strange the way my daughter felt for you.  It was too much to deal with at that moment.  I shut myself off of the world for two days as I sat there and tried to figure you out.  I’ve never seen a Creature of the Damned use such power before.  It was new but not particularly unheard of.  Can you think of a case I might be talking about?”
“Eris.” I said remembering what I’d read in my father’s diary pages.  
“Yes. Eris was the first Creature of the Damned to possess such skills that only a God could possess.  However, unlike you, her powers created with potions, while yours were born as part of you.  She no doubt had help from her Baba Yaga friend.  After learning of the Baba Yaga being in your world, I needed confirmation.  I knew my daughter well enough to know that despite my warnings she would go to you.  I just needed to wait.  When Lilith attacked your palace, I armed myself and waited for Astraea to leave.  She did not disappoint.”
“And then you saw what I was.” 
“And then I saw what you were.” Zeus agreed.
I stared down at my hand as I stroked the moonstone.  “It was this ring.  It changed me.”
“It wasn’t the ring Aristaeus, though it did help.  The power has been in you all along— the ring just sparked it fully.  It’s your life source if you will.”
“Life source?”
“Yes.  Every God has some form of object that gives their power life.”
“You talk as if it’s alive.” I said chuckling. 
“It is.  Like mortals have their organs they need to live, our life source is our organ. It helps us function.  Without it we will be weak, but not completely unarmed.”
“You seem pretty confident telling me this.  I am still part Hell Demon.  I could use this information against you.”
Zeus chuckled.  “I am not worried about that dear Prince.  While you are half God, I am full God.  If I wanted to, I could strike you down.”
The two of us got quiet as the slight threat hung in the air.  Though he was being kind to me at the moment, he still did not want me to forget just who and what he was.
“So tell me more about a Sacrilege.  Why am I a myth?”
“It was once said that before the Creator fashioned Gods and Demons, he created another being.  This being was supposed to bring peace between both Gods and Demons.  It was supposed to be a balance.  However, the universe did not seem to be able to handle the construction of this creature, so instead of presenting the Creator with a peaceful creature, they presented a creature so powerful that he could destroy both species.  The Creator thought if he placed this creature in his separate world that things would go smoothly, but before he could seal him in, the creature burst from the world destroying not only his world, but the first creation of the mortal world.  It soon became clear to the Creator that his universe was not ready for this type of creature, so he removed the creature from existence taking the creature’s soul, keeping it in a box.  On the fourth day of the creation of Earth, the Creator traveled down and headed to one of the great bodies of water that ran through the mortal world.  It is there Creator buried the soul of the creature.  The soul was to sit there and remain until the Creator took it from its resting place.  The Creator returned home, and the next day we received word on what was to happen if we were to see the creature.  It was one of the highest threats to the Creator, so we were always on the lookout for it.  This creature was an abomination to those of Gods and Demons earning it the name Sacrilege.  The creature had remained a myth for several centuries, until now.”
I took in everything Zeus was saying.  I wondered why no one in our world has ever mentioned the myth of the Sacrilege.  I thought about the Creator traveling down to the mortal world to hide the soul of the Sacrilege.  I wondered for a second which body of water it was that the Creator hid the box in?  Was it the same place where Kithara said she was going?  I remembered her repeating her orders to the woman in my dreams as they stood on the hill staring out at the sea.  
“You dreamed of this?” Zeus said hearing my thoughts.
Clearing my throat I stared over at him.  I was caught so there was no point in denying anything.  “I think I did.  I had a vision a couple of days ago when I touched something in my father’s study.  It took me to the mortal world but everything was in black in white.  Kithara was the only bit of color I could see.”
“Kithara?”
“Yes.  She was a Kampe.  I think she left Pearu two days after you sealed the Gates.”
Zeus raised a finger to his lip as he looked off into the trees.  “Yes, I do seem to remember that.  The Gates were damaged with so much strength that it seemed as if a God had done it.  We instantly thought it was Eris and continued to search for her, but she kept herself hidden well.”
“How is that possible?  How can she hide yourself from you?”
“Eris is a creature of many talents and seems to only be getting stronger.  While I can’t see her right now, our Creator is watching her.”
“Well why isn’t this Creator stopping her?” I asked confused.  “Why is she allowed to create havoc in our worlds?”
“The Creator created us so we could handle our own situations.  Like mortals we choose our own paths.  It is up to us how we end up.”
“That doesn’t make any sense.”
Zeus smiled.  “You were telling me about this Kampe.”
“Right.  I followed her in the vision through the mortal world as she headed towards a mortal hospital.  I found it strange that this was the place she’d chosen.  She headed towards the newborn floor were the sick baby mortals were and barricaded herself in.  I watched her wait for a male baby she’d chosen heartbeat to slow.   I remembered thinking about the Reaper, and why he wasn’t waiting for the infant’s soul.  But I forgot all of that when I saw her place a golden globe inside of the baby’s body.”
“A golden globe?”
“Yes.  She took it from a silver box.  She waited for the baby’s soul to leave its body before replacing it with that of the golden light.”
Zeus got quiet again.  He was thinking the same thing I was.  That baby in that nursery, the one Kithara traded souls were, was me.
“What happened to this Kampe?”
“She met up with Lilith.”
I didn’t need to say more.  We both know what seemed to happen when someone met up with the Baba Yaga.
“You said you saw her with another woman.”
I nodded.  “It was a dream I had last night before the attack happened.  Kithara was alive and well. She was in this place that seemed like Earth, but it wasn’t.  Kithara described it as peaceful.  Even though I wasn’t actually there, I too felt it.  I felt comfortable.  I felt safe.”
I stared over at Zeus who’d tensed when I mentioned this place.  His hands balled into fists as his eyes darted back and forth.
“Are you okay?” I asked.
“I’m fine.  Continue with your story.”
I gave him another glance.  He was not fine.  Something was up.  “In the dream Kithara went to join this woman who was standing near the end of a hill enjoying the breeze of the sea.  I couldn’t see her face.  It seemed every time I tried, something pushed me away.  It felt strange.”
“What did they talk about?” Zeus asked hoarsely.
“I don’t know.  It was a bit confusing.  They kept talking about change and stopping Eris.  This woman, though I couldn’t see her, she seemed to be the one in charge of whatever was going on and she had allies.  Kithara said it in the dream.  They also mentioned a box somewhere in Atlantis.  I thought that place was a myth but I guess not.”
“This woman, are you sure you did not see her face.”
“I’m sure.  I could only see her black hair and the outline of her body against the sunlight.  Her face was blurred to me.”
Zeus suddenly stood.  “Tell no one else of what you’ve seen.”
“I don’t understand.  What’s going on?”
“I am not sure, but I am to find out.  Are you sure Lilith killed this creature Kithara?”
“I’m sure.” I said.  “She beheaded her and teleported away.”
“Yes, that does seem like a Baba Yaga.” Zeus turned to stare at me.  “Do not worry yourself too much over this Aristaeus.  I will get to the bottom of this and take care of it.  In the meantime, I want you to return home.”
“No, I can’t return home.  Not now.”
“I can’t allow you to stay in the mortal world unsupervised.”
“Why not?  I’ve never done anything to hurt any mortals.  I’m not a danger to them.”
“Have you not listened to a word I’ve said?” Zeus said staring at me.  “You’re a Sacrilege.  You’re not just a danger to mortals now, but to Gods and Demons both.  It’s best you return home before someone gets hurt.”
I stared at the hidden message in his words.  “By hurting someone, do you mean Astraea?”  
Zeus turned his head to the side as if he did not want to answer me.   
I scoffed.  “I would never hurt Astraea.  I’ve been alone with her several times and could have hurt her then, but I didn’t. I care for her.  I would never hurt her.”
“I’m sure you think this Aristaeus, however I cannot risk it.  Not until I know the full extent of your powers and what purpose you were created for?”
“So what, am I supposed to just return back to Pearu and await trial?”
“Yes.”
I shook my head as I tried to think of another way to get the God to understand I would not danger his daughter.  I felt like a mortal male who was trying to get a father to let me date his daughter.  
Zeus read my thoughts and chuckled.  “If only it was that easy.”
“What can I do for you to trust me?  To trust that I want hurt your daughter.”
“Accept your God side fully. It is only then that I will trust you with my daughter.”
I stared at Zeus to see if he was joking but there was no smile on his lips.  He meant what he said.  I couldn’t even picture myself living as only a God, and I think he seemed to know this which was why he suggested it.
“See you can’t do it.  So please just accept what I say.”
I nodded.  “You’ll have to erase my memory, I can’t…I can’t return home with the information we’ve talked about floating around in my head.  My father would see it.”
“You could block it, but that would take too much time to teach you.  Another time then.” Zeus walked over to me and raised a hand to my head.
“Wait!”
He paused and stared at me his eyes going from brown to black.  I wondered if my eyes changed colors now.  I’d been through all of this and have yet to see the new change in me.
“This woman, the woman I seen in my dreams.  Is she Samr?”
“How do you know of Samr?”
“I’ve read her name in my father’s diary.  He overheard Eris say it one day when she was still queen.  She was talking about killing you and her.”
“Hmm” 
“Who is she?” I asked.
“She is no one you need to worry about.”
I shook my head and took a step back.  “You’re withholding information God.  This woman is more than just a nobody if Eris was after her.  She’s gotten onto her radar and somehow I heard her speaking to me.”
That seemed to grab Zeus attention.  “You heard her speaking to you?”
“Yes, but I’m not telling you what she said until you tell me who she is.”
“There is no need for you to keep secrets since I’ve already read what she said in your head.”
I sighed in frustration.  I had to learn how to block my thoughts.  I peered at Zeus trying to break into his thoughts.  I’d done it once back at the palace, but now it seemed impossible.
“You caught me off guard.” He said.  “It will not happen again.”
“Never say never God.”
Zeus laughed and raised his hand to place it on my head.
“Before you send me home, I thought you should know that Kithara cared for this woman.  Kithara, a Creature of the Damned, felt love for this woman.  She was a mother to her.  So despite you trying to keep who this woman is from me, I know one thing.  I know whoever she is— she doesn’t wish to bring harm to anyone.  She also was the one who help me changed.  I’m saying all of this to say, even though you won’t tell me who she is, doesn’t mean I’m going to stop trying to figure out who she is.”
Zeus smiled down at me.  “I can’t wait to see what you come up with Sacrilege.  Until then.”
There was a slight pressure on my head as something flashed in front of my eyes, and then I was home.  I was back in Pearu.    
 
  

  

 


  

Part Two

S
A
C
R
I
L
E
G
E

Beyond this place of wrath and tears
Looms but the Horror of the shade,
And yet the menace of the years
Finds, and shall find, me unafraid.
Invictus-by William Earnest Henley







SIXTEEN

The minute I appeared in Pearu, I was swarmed by my father’s guards.  I raised my hands in surrender as they tackled me to the ground.  As they began to search me, I tried to ignore the fact that my father was treating me like a common criminal.  I couldn’t blame him too much though.  If I was in his position, I probably would have done worst, but since I wasn’t in his position, I felt a bit of betrayal and sadness.
“Let’s go!” The guard said yanking me up.
“How is the Queen?  Did the medic get to her in time?”
“Quiet!”
The guard stared at me in the same way my father had.  Somehow I’d gone from being their Prince to someone lower than a servant.  The guards didn’t seem to have a carriage with them, so we had to walk to the palace.  I didn’t seem to mind since it gave me some time to get my thoughts together before I greeted my father.  My mind was a bit frazzled on what had happened.  The last thing I could remember is being at the palace during the attack.  Lilith was there.  The Gods were there.  Astraea was there.  
Astraea.  I remember going off with her, but I couldn’t remember where.  I was so wrapped in my thoughts that I’d tripped over my legs.  I fell down bring along one of the guards that was holding my arm.  
The guard got up and sent a kick to my side.  “Get up!”
“You sure you want to kick your future King.”
“You’ll never be King Aristaeus.  No one will stand with you after finding out that you consort with Gods.  Besides, it was your father who gave us permission to treat you any way that we would like.  Now get up!”
The guard yanked me up as I thought about killing him and escorting myself to the palace.  We started back walking as I turned to glance at the other guards.  They all had a look of anger and disgust on their face as they stared at me.  I knew the anger came from some of their fallen soldiers even though I do not see how I could be blamed for something like that.  Lilith had taken out the majority and the rest decided to trade the loyalties determining their own fate.  I would not apologize to them about the latter—I did feel sorry for the ones that stuck by the King until their death.  I wanted to say this to them, but I knew they wouldn’t want to hear it.
We reached the palace as the bridge was let down.  The bridge fell into place with a loud bang as we began to cross it quickly.  The moment the last guard foot left the bridge, it was being lifted back up.  My father wasn’t taking any chances with Lilith.  She could return at any minute, even though I’m sure the last time she did not use the bridge to get onto our land.  Climbing the steps to the palace, new servants opened the doors stepping to the side.  The halls were still covered in debris, but most of it was being cleaned up.  There weren’t any dead bodies lying around, and I knew they’d been taken out where they would be burned.
The guards led me down the hall past my father’s study, down to the dungeons.  Around me there were new faces of guards and servants.  I spotted a few familiar faces in the crowd, but at the sight of me, they turned their heads.  
We arrived at the dungeons as the guards open the door to the cell.  
“Home sweet Home” He grinned, his sharp teeth stained.
They shoved me in as I caught my balance before falling completely over.  The door slammed behind me shutting me in.  I was thankful this time they didn’t bother to chain me to the walls.  I made my way over to the bench towards the back of the wall and sat.  Rubbing my hands over my face, I sighed.  When did my life get so confusing?  I remember wishing for something better, some kind of excitement in my life.  Now that I have it, I wanted to give it away.  I guess that’s why the mortals say, “Be careful for what you wish for.”
A noise came from the next cell beside me as I waited in the room for a little while more.  The door opened and the same guards entered the room.
“On your feet for the King.”
I stood from the bench as the guards stepped to the side and allowed room for the King.  My father stepped through the doors, his eyes immediately landing on me.
“Leave us.”
The guards bowed and stepped outside the doors, closing it behind them.  They wouldn’t go far.  They didn’t trust me and there was no way they were leaving me alone with their King.
Left alone with my father, I widened my stance as I waited for him to make the first move.  As I waited, my eyes took him in.  Despite all that has happened— he was still dressed to perfection.  He wore his purple blazer coat as his white collar shirt puffed out the top.  His hair fell neatly to his shoulders and his nails seemed sharper than usual.  The only thing that seemed to point out how he was suffering was his eyes.  The dullness of his eyes was something that I’d seen before on my father.  If he’d been mortal, I’m sure there would have been wrinkles around his eyes.
“Sit.”  He finally spoke.
I sat down on the bench keeping my legs wide.  I place my hands on my knees to show my father that I did not have any weapons and that I was not about to attack him.
“How is mother?”
He pulled a chair over a few feet in front of me and took a seat.  I thought he would ignore my question, but he didn’t.  “She will be fine.  She is still healing.  She is mostly worried about you.  It is because of her request that I have not had you killed.”
“You would do that?  You would kill your son?”
“You are not my son Aristaeus, surely you know this now.”
My eyes searched his as tried to figure out whether or not he knew I’d been down in the hidden room under his study.  “I am still your son despite my mysterious birth.”
“That is up to me to decide, not you.”
“How is Dyos?  Is he okay?”
“Your friend is okay.  He like Kiowa has pleaded that I give you the chance to explain before ordering you to death.”
I stared at my father with sadness.  “So you mean to tell me that you do not care whether or not if I live or die.”  My father said nothing.  He only stared at me which seemed to piss me off.  I shook my head at the unfairness of all of this.  It wasn’t like I asked to be brought to him.  I was a victim in this situation just like he was.  “I guess I should have known you would feel that way.  You’ve never shown any signs that you cared about me before I changed, so why would I think you would be any different.  I’m surprised you even showed any emotion when it came to seeing Kiowa unconscious, since you ignore her and act as if you do not love her any other time.  I guess I should be happy that you at least have some type of feelings for you wife, even though you do not care much for your son.”
“I did not come down here to have a heart to heart with you about my feelings Aristaeus.  I come to listen to you explain.  So explain.”
I took a glance at my father as he leaned back in his chair and crossed his legs.   He stared across at me as if he would rather be anywhere than down here with me at this moment.  “I don’t know what you want to know.  I don’t know how this change happen, only that it happen.”
“Do you honestly expect me to believe that Aristaeus?”
 “You can believe what you want father.  You will anyway.” I said.  “Why don’t we hurry and get this over with by having you read my mind?  That way you won’t have to worry about if I’m keeping things from you.”
“I’m glad you made the suggestion.”
My father stood quickly and before I knew it he was in front of me.  He placed a hand in front of my face and closed his eyes.  I felt my thoughts being pulled to him as flashes flew across my mind.  Once the last image was out, I felt my body sink back against the wall.  My father turned away from and folded his arms behind his back.
“See.  I told you the truth.  I do not know anything about this transformation.  I’m just as lost as you are.”
“You know something.  Your mind has been tampered with again.  I can feel it.” He turned back to face me.  “When Lilith was here, did she get the chance to touch your mind?”
“I do not know.  She did place me under a spell that paralyzed me for a long time.  Do you think that could have had some effect on my memory?”
“Could be.”
 “How is it that she can do those things?  I know she’s not of this world, but shouldn’t her powers be taken once she’d entered Pearu?”
“Some would say the same thing about you Aristaeus when it comes to your powers.”
I sighed as I rubbed a hand through my hair.  “You still did not answer my question.”
“I do not know how Lilith or even Eris can do the things they can.  Eris is the original ruler of Pearu. She is bound to possess skills that I cannot possess even as King.  The fact that she’s befriended a Witch seemed to have strengthen her powers.”
“You’re not telling me everything father.  I know you’re not.”
My father turned to stare at me as he tried to read my thoughts.  “You’ve been in my study.”
“Of course I’ve been in your study, you left me there remember?”
“Do not play dumb with me Aristaeus.”  My father crossed over to me as his eyes peered into mine.  “How did you discover that room?  What were you looking for?”
I moved around on the bench nervously as my eyes darted away from my fathers.  I’d forgotten all about hiding trying to hide that particular memory from my father.  I knew I couldn’t avoid this question.  He would want answers and if I did not give them to him, he would pick my brain apart until he got what he wanted. 
“I’ve always knew you had a hidden room somewhere in the palace, I just happened to see the secret latch on your throne chair.”
“What were you looking for?”
“At first, I just wanted to see if the room was there and what was in it.  After that, I wanted to find information on Eris.  I could see she was beginning to stress you out which is rare for you.  I wanted to find some information on her so that I could help you stop her.”
“I have told you to stay out of this several times!” My father yelled.  “You do not seem to listen to anything I say!  Eris is not your problem to fix, she is mine.”
I jumped up to face my father.  “With all due respect father, she became my problem the moment her friend Lilith started to take interest in me.”
My father eyes narrowed as he raised a finger to point at me.  “You are to stay away from Eris and that Baba Yaga, do you understand me.  Those two are far more dangerous than which you believe.  Do you think the Witch’s little appearance at the palace was by coincidence?  Do you think that just because you seem to injure her during battle, that you can take her out?  If so, you might as well remove such pointless thoughts from your head.  She was just humoring you.  This whole battle was just her way of entertaining herself.  There is a bigger picture here, and until I know what it is, you are to stay away from her and away from that God.”
He was talking about Astraea.  The mention of her once again had me trying to remember where we had disappeared to after leaving the palace.  Why was that part of my memory blurred?  I could see slight flashes but not the full image.  Did she erase my memory?  If so did I ask her?
“Aristaeus are you listening to me?”
I turned my attention back to my father.  “I will stay away from them for now, but you have to tell me all that you know about Eris and Lilith.  I have the right to know.”
My father stared at me before nodding.  “I will tell you, but not now.  For now, you need to go see Kiowa and your friend.  They’ve been waiting to meet with you.”
“So I’m allowed to go free.  You’re not going to have me jailed or killed.”
“I haven’t made up my mind yet.”
My father turned to leave towards the door when I said.  “You were never going to sentenced me to death, were you?”
My father turned his head slightly, a hint of a smile around his lips, before exiting the room leaving the door opened for me.   I found myself smiling, and then headed to exit the room.

I entered my parent’s bedroom and stopped inside the door.  The last time I’d been allowed into their room or even in their quarters, was when I was young.  Ever since then, my father would not allow me to enter their quarters.  He’d never given me a good reason, only that I had my own quarters, why did I need to enter his.
Kiowa lay in her bed as servants moved around her, patting her head with a cool cloth, and picking up the dirty laundry.  Her eyes traveled over to the door and she gave a half smile.  “Aristaeus.”
The servants turned to stare at me, their eyes filled with distrust.  Was there anyone in this palace that still trusted me?
“Leave us”
The servants bowed to the Queen and hurried towards the door giving me a half bow before disappearing out the door and closing it behind them.  Kiowa held out her hand beckoning me to her, and I made my way over.  I grabbed a nearby chair and placed it beside her bed.  I sat down on the chair and took her outstretched hand in mind before placing it on my face.  I missed her.  I missed when things were simple.
“I’m glad you’re okay Aristaeus.”
I looked up at her.  “I should be the one saying that.  You’re the one lying up in the bed covered in scars.  Why haven’t you healed yet?”
“The medic says it’s the type of blade Lilith used.  The blade was stained in some kind of venom.  The venom could be from our world or hers.  Wherever it’s from, the venom is weakening me, but he’s given me enough blood so that it’s beginning to leave my system.  So do not worry, I’ll be out of this bed soon.”
“I’m sorry mother.  I tried to get to you in time.”
Kiowa grabbed my face and pulled me closer.  “It’s okay son.  I know you were trying to make it to me.  But as the Prince, it was your duty to defend this palace.”
“But as your son, my duty is to defend you.  I should have let the guards handle the intruders at the door and came to find you.”
“You do not really believe that, do you Aristaeus.”
I glanced away from her eyes.  She was right.  If I had it to do all over again, I would have reacted the same way.  I just wish I had the strength that I do now.  I could have saved a lot more lives then.
“Mother, may I ask you a question.”
“Yes.”
“This ring.  This ring you and father gave me when I turned twelve, where did you get it?”
Kiowa sat up some so she could see the moonlight ring on my finger.  Once her eyes lay upon it, a smile came to her face.  “I remember that ring.  Your father has one exactly like it.”
“Yes, his is black.  Is it a family heirloom?”
“Goodness no.  I bought it from a market when I was traveling in Arwid.  There was a woman selling them.  I’d been to the market many times in Arwid, but that was the first time I’d ever seen her there.  She had a strange feel to her.”
“Strange?  What do you mean strange?”
Kiowa chewed her lip as she found herself drifting off to that memory.  “I couldn’t determine what kind of creature she was.  It was like she was blocking me from seeing her true face.  The harder I tried to peer at her, the more I was force back.  Then as if a light switch had been turned off, I forgot all about trying to see what she was.  It was like my mind was telling me I was okay with not knowing.  That I didn’t need to see her face.”
“Is that when you bought the ring?”
“Yes.  She had several moonstone rings.  They were all beautiful.  I wanted this pink one for myself, when she gave me the one you were wearing.  She told me to give it to my son.  I remember telling her that I didn’t have a child.  But she only smiled at me, and said you will soon.”
“This was before Grethen brought me to you.” I asked.
“Actually it was the same day Grethen brought you to me.  I’d taken the moonstone ring home and showed it to your father.  Your father seemed intrigued by it and wanted one for himself.  However, with your arrival I couldn’t go into Arwid for another couple of months.  When I went back, the woman was nowhere to be found.  No one seemed to know who I was talking about.  Instead of getting a moonstone ring from her, I bought one from another vendor.  I never told your father any different.  I didn’t think it important.  Maybe I should have said something.”
I shook my head.  “You did right.  If it would have been after Grethen’s disappearance, then he would have searched to the ends of Pearu to find this woman.  From what I could tell, this woman doesn’t seem to want to be found.”
“I guess you’re right.  Why is it that you asked about the ring?”
“No reason.  It’s the last couple of days— I’ve found it to be quite beautiful.”
Kiowa smiled as she patted my hand.  “I’m glad that you love it.  Just promise me not to tell your father the truth about his ring.  He would surely throw it to the side.”
“No worries, he’s still a bit put out with me.”
“Your father is only pretending Aristaeus.  He has a face to put on as King, you know this.”
I nodded.  “Yes, I know this.”  Standing up, I leaned down to place a kiss on her forehead.   “I need to go see Dyos and wash up.  You get some rest.”
“I will.”
I turned and walked towards her door when she called my name.  “Yes mother.”
“I know you’re going through a lot.  I can sense your troubles.  I just want you to know that I still love you, despite what you might become.”
I smiled at my mother and exited out of her room.   As I left her quarters, my mind played back on what she’d told me.  This woman seemed to know that she was going to have a son.  That same day Grethen arrives with me.  This couldn’t have been a coincidence.  Could this woman be the same woman in my dream, or could she be one of the woman’s allies.  This was another thought I needed to keep from my father.  While I didn’t exactly know how to block my thoughts from him, somehow I’d managed to hide the vision and the dream from him.  I just needed to practice so I could block everything from him.
I headed down the halls towards my quarters.  For once my quarters weren’t heavily guarded.  It probably had to do with the distrust they felt towards me, either way I didn’t care.  I climbed the stairs and headed down the hall to the guest room Dyos often vacated whenever he was at the palace.  Standing outside the door, I rapped against it two times.  I could hear some shuffling inside before the door opened revealing Dyos.
“It’s you.  Come in.” He said stepping to the side.
I entered the room as he closed and locked the door.  I turned to stare around the room.  His bed was untouched and so was his food.  “Why haven’t you eaten and gotten rest?  You’ve been in battle.”
“I couldn’t sleep or eat until I knew what the King would do with you.”
“Well I’m fine, so start eating.”
Dyos made his way over to the cart filled with trays of food.  He immediately dug in as if he hadn’t eaten for days.  Battle did that to you.  Stuffing his mouth full of meat, Dyos asked, “What did the King say to you?  Can you still be King?”
“I think I can still be King.  He didn’t seem to say much on that issue. However, his guards seem to think otherwise.  As for what he asked me, he wanted to know the same thing everyone else wants to know, what I am.”
“I don’t see why it matters.  You’re still Aristaeus.  You just seem to be more.”
“I do not scare you.”
Dyos laughed.  “Haven’t you learned anything from being my friend all this time?  I fear nothing.  You’ve just seem to have gained some extra strength, I can still take you if I needed too.”
I laughed.  I didn’t notice the slight fear I’d been feeling.  I thought Dyos would react like everyone else.  I thought he would hate me.  I should have known better.
“So are you banned from leaving the palace again?”
“For now, but for once I am right where I need to be?”
Dyos placed a piece of bread on is plate as he stared at me confused.  “What do you mean?”
“Do you still have those extra vials hidden in this room?”
“Yes?  I never used the ones here.”
“Good, we’re going to need them.”
“I knew there was something off about me.” Dyos said.  “Have we created trouble again Aristaeus?”
“Not yet, but we’re about to.”
 

   
    
    

  
SEVENTEEN

Dyos and I made plans to meet up later once everyone was asleep.  It would be hard to move around the palace without being caught especially with the increase of guardians, but we could handle it.  I left Dyos to his meal as I retreated to my room.  Entering my room, I closed my door and headed over to the oval shaped mirror.  Standing in front of it, I saw myself for the first time.  My long black hair seemed darker than possible, the ends with a hint of gold to them.  My eyes were no longer the color of black, but now the iridescent color I’d seen on the Gods.  The outlines of my eyes were still that of a demon, the shattered lines veiling my colorful eyes.  I blinked and watched my eyes turn from green to orange.  
I closed my eyes and took a step back.  This was too much for me.  Who was I fooling?  I thought I would be able to handle seeing the new changes in me, but I wasn’t.  It only seems to prove more that I was no longer be a part of this world.  If I couldn’t accept myself, how was I expecting the citizens of Pearu to accept me as their King?  Yelling in frustration, I sent my fist into the mirror.  The mirror shattered into pieces dropping down to the floor.  There was a slight cut on my hand that seemed to heal just as quickly as it appeared.   
The door to my room opened as a servant peeped her head in.  “Your highness is everything okay.” She glanced down at the shattered mirror and rushed forward.
I raised a hand stopping her in place.  “I am fine.  I’ll clean it up.”
The servant nodded and backed hurriedly out of the room.  She didn’t want to spend more than a second in here if she didn’t have to.  I walked over to the door and locked it behind her to make sure no one else intruded in on me.  Walking over to my bed I sat on the edge of it and waited for those in the palace to sleep.

The sky finally darkened as the noises in the palace began to cease.  Opening my door, I peeked my head out into the hallway.  The hallway was clear of any guards or servants.  I slid through the door and closed it quietly behind me.  I walked down the hall to Dyos room and opened the door.  Dyos sat on the edge of the bed, his body tensed.  At the sight of me, he sighed in relief.
“I thought no one would ever go to sleep.  The palace seems to be a busy place even after the King has called it a night.”
“Never mind that, did you get the servants to bring you up the starfish.”
“I did.  I think they’re starting to suspect something Aristaeus.  The guards have been walking past my door more than usual, and the servants are giving me weird stares.” Dyos said.
“They do not trust you.”
“Why?  I haven’t done anything wrong.”
“Yes, but you are my best friend.  They think you’re helping me hide some big secret.” I said.  Dyos scoffed as I walked over towards the new cart filled with starfish.  I removed the lid on the trays and poked the fish.  “Did you find your hidden scroll?”
“Yeah I did.  I can’t believe I didn’t find it last time.  I could have saved us a lot of trouble.”
“No, you would have caused a lot of trouble.  It was best you didn’t get your memories back right then and there.  My father didn’t need to know that we were in the Giants land.”
“So you’re just going to let him think Lilith erased our memory.” Dyos asked.
“That is the plan.”
I grabbed the starfish and handed it over to Dyos. Dyos took the starfish out of my hand and began to suck the ocean water from it as I did the same with the other fish in the tray.  Closing my eyes, bits and pieces of my memory came back to me.  Opening my eyes I stared across the room and waited for Dyos to obtain his full memory.  A few seconds later his eyes opened.
“My memory is back and full, yours?”
“No.  There are some things still missing.”  I now remember teleporting to the field with Astraea.  I remembered the kiss.  I remembered seeing Zeus there.  I could see Astraea being pulled away and I could hear the world “Sacrilege” replaying over in my head.  But that was all I could remember.  There were flashes of a conversation I’d had with Zeus, but I couldn’t remember what we were talking about.  I tried to pull something from those pieces.  The only thing I could catch was Zeus hand’s nearing my face before blackness.  “I can’t remember much from after I left Pearu with Astraea.  I thought the ocean water from the starfish would have helped.”
“You’re different now Aristaeus.  The same things probably don’t work on you anymore.  Did you take a vial or something while you were away?  Did you take something to protect your thoughts from your father?”
“No.  I didn’t have any vials on me.  There was a moment where Zeus touched me.  Do you think he could have erased my memory?”
“It’s a possibility.” Dyos said.  “You probably asked him to.  What else do you remember?”
“I remember him saying that I was a Sacrilege.”
“Sacrilege?  What’s that?”
I turned to stare at Dyos.  I knew I could trust him.  I just didn’t know if he could handle what I was about to say to him.  “It’s what I am.  I’m half Hell Demon.  I’m half God.”
Dyos stared at me and took a seat on his bed.  “What…wait…I do not understand…huh?”
Sitting in the chair next to his bed, I proceeded to tell him any and everything that I could remember.  I told him about my birth, the vision and dream I’d had, I told him about the woman who’d given Kiowa the moonstone, and I finished it off with bits and pieces of the conversation I could remember from Astraea and Zeus.
“So you’re half God, and you can hear them?  You can understand everything they say, even if they’re not speaking aloud.”
“Yes.”
“Unbelievable.” Dyos said still staring at me in awe.  “So do you think that’s why Lilith has taken a sudden interest in you?  She knows you’re half God and wants you to come over to the dark side.”
“I don’t think that’s the case.  She seemed taken back at my transformation.  I think she knew there was something different about me, but I don’t think she was expecting me to be that powerful.  In the world she comes from, I doubt she’s ever seen anyone quite like me.  I don’t think she’s going to make another appearance any time soon.  She’s somewhere hidden, probably trying to regroup.”
“At least that will give us some time to figure out everything.  I remembered that you want me to get the battle plans from my father.  I’ll leave in the morning to go see him so I won’t tip anyone off.  I’ll also see what I can find on this Grethen character.”
“Thank You.”
“Do you really think your father is going to tell you everything?”
“I think he will tell me what he feels I need to know.” I said.  “If I could have blocked my thoughts on his hidden room, I could have gone back there to search some more.  I doubt he’ll leave the room unattended now even for a second.”
“I agree. So what are you going to do?”
“First I will hear what he will have to say, and then I will head to Arwid.  That is where Kiowa saw the woman who gave me this moonlight ring.  My father’s ring doesn’t seem to do anything or even move like mine.  I believe the woman who sold Kiowa this ring, made it especially for me.  I must find her.  I believe she will have the answers that I will need.”
“And if she doesn’t?”
“Then I will continue to look for them.  I have to find out my purpose.  If I’m an abomination to both sides, why was I even created.  Someone is using me as a pawn in their little games.  I must find out who.  I think once I find out all these answers, I will know what to do with Lilith.”
“She’s not going to be easy to get rid of.” Dyos said staring out the window.
“I know.  But neither will I.”
“Of all times, I wonder why Eris is going about this now.  She’s had plenty of opportunities to take out the Gods.  Why wait until you’re almost in reach of the throne and why send a Witch to do her dirty work?”
“Like others in Pearu, she does not see me fit as King.  The citizens see me as just another royal who just happened to be a good fighter.  If something were to happen to me, they would mourn and they would move on.  Until recently, a fight with me would have been pointless.  Now, Eris has me to consider in her plans.  We’ve angered Lilith and she won’t let the embarrassment go unpunished.  The next time she strikes will be a dangerous one.”
“Well I say let her bring it on.  We’ll be ready.  The creatures of Pearu never shy away from a fight!”
I laughed at Dyos.  “It’s good to have you on my side dear friend.”
“Finally, you’ve learned to appreciate me.  I knew eventually you would mention how much I mean to you.  By the way?  Now that you’re half God, do you think there is a chance that you and the lady God can be together?”
“Her name is Astraea, and I don’t know.”
“What do you mean you don’t know?”
“Things are difficult right now Dyos.  I’m a creature that wasn’t supposed to be release, and yet somehow I have.  The fact that they’ve been warned about me throughout their lives might counter in when it comes to being with Astraea.  For now, the best thing I can do for her, is to stay away.”
“Are you sure this lady is worth it?”
I stared at Dyos.  The way he phrased the question brought strange vibes to me.  “What do you mean?”
“I’m not trying to destroy whatever you’re feeling for this woman and I know that I don’t have the best track record when it comes to relationships.  But, if you get with this lady, if you guys marry, have you thought about the repercussions it would bring on this world.”
“My love for my world will not change.”
“I’m not asking you that Aristaeus.”
“To be honest Dyos, I am not thinking about the repercussions anymore.  I know that the two of us getting together will not be good, for both worlds, but my heart is telling me to do this.”
Dyos scoffed.  “Your heart.  You sound mortal.”
“Maybe they have it right.  They might be annoying vile creatures, but when it comes to love, true love, they do not worry about the repercussions, and they just go for it.”
“Being in the mortal world is making you spout nonsense.”
“No, being in the mortal world is making me see things differently.” I said.  “Have you ever thought what we be without them?  We argue and complain that those in the mortal world are the abominations and need to be removed from existence, yet we forget they are the reason we exist.”
“Be that as it may Aristaeus that does not mean we should worship them as the Gods do.  We were created to be evil.  Do not deny your Hell Demon blood.  No matter what changes you’ve gone through, that part still lurks in you.  It’s time you start embracing it, because one day you will be King of our land, and your people will need to trust you in order to follow you.”
“You do not fully trust me, do you Dyos?”
Dyos stood up and pointed a finger at me.  “Now wait a second.  I never said that.”
“You didn’t have to.  I can sense it.  You’re trying to be the good friend by trying to understand what I’m going through and I thank you for that.  However, I know a part of you is struggling with the new me and whether or not if you can trust me.  It’s okay if you feel this way.  I wouldn’t expect you to feel any different.  In fact, I would be more worried if you didn’t feel this way.”
Dyos stared at the floor in embarrassment.  I didn’t mean to bring embarrassment to him, but at the same time I wanted him to know that he could be honest with me.  I know there was a part of him that had doubts towards me no matter how big or small.  I still had doubts towards myself, and I’m pretty sure my parents had several doubts about me as well.  But I couldn’t change myself no matter how much a mortal wanted to change skin and become someone else.  I was stuck with these new powers, and instead of pouting and whining about it, I would take and harness these powers until I became someone great.
“I’m sorry.” Dyos said glancing towards me.  “I’m trying to act like it doesn’t bother me.  I thought I put on a great act for you earlier, but like always, you’ve figure me out.”
“That is why we are friends.  We always seem to know when one is having problems.  Despite, whatever challenges we may face, we still remain friends.  Right?”
“Right.”
Staring across the room at my friend, I knew that I didn’t have anything to truly worry about.  Once we find out what my purpose of living was, he would begin to feel more at ease.  I know I would too.
EIGHTEEN

Morning the next day seem to drag as I slowly pulled my way from the entanglement I’d found myself in within my sheets.  Today, I would hopefully find out more information on Eris from my father.  Dyos would also be leaving the palace to go home and search for the battle plans and anything he may find on Grethen.  I promised I would see him off this morning so I needed to get a move on.  I showered and dressed making sure to wear the Pearu’s colors as a sign of good faith and brown nosing my father.  Once done, I headed out the room to join Dyos who was waiting in the hallway talking to one of the servants.  There was an annoyed look on his face as he said something to her before she scurried off.  Seeing me approached, the look was erased replacing his signature smiled.
“It is about time you’ve risen.  I feared that you would not wake in time to get me out of here.”
“I almost didn’t.  My bed was feeling great this morning.  I haven’t had a good rest in a while.  But, this is more important.  Sleep can wait.”  I said.  “I saw you speaking with one of the servants, are we caught?”
“No.  She just happens to be someone I may have spent some time with before she became an employee at the palace.  Seeing me, she hoped to spark some old flames, but I sent her away.”
“Do you think she will cause trouble for us?”
Dyos chuckled.  “She might be an annoying little gnat, but she knows how to keep quiet when it comes to me.  So are we ready to do this or are we going to stand here chit chatting and wait to get caught by one of your father’s guards.”
“There is no need to worry about my father’s guards.”  Reaching into my pocket I pulled out a piece of parchment paper with a purple seal on it.  I handed to Dyos as he gave me a confused look.  “I thought about this before I went to bed.  If we were to go with the original plan, it may look as if you were running away in some type of guilt.  The best way to get away unnoticed sometimes is to simply walk right through the front door.”
“I’m not following.”
“This letter is sealed with the King’s stamp.  It should be enough to get you through the doors and a carriage back home.  They shouldn’t ask to open the letter, but just in case they do, I have written a letter agreeing that you could leave the palace on official duties to the King.”
“You’re right.” Dyos said sticking the letter in his coat pocket.  “This is a much better plan.  I will contact you when I have word.”
I nodded as I watch Dyos disappear from my sight.  Checking my surroundings to make sure no one had noticed our little encounter, I headed down the stairs.  The guards and servants greeted me as I entered the main hallway.
“You’re up early my lord.” The servant from yesterday said bowing to me.
I couldn’t let anyone know that I knew Dyos had left the palace so had to put on act.  “Yes, I know.  Dyos and I were going to fence before breakfast.  Is he up yet?”
“I’m sorry my lord, it seems he has already left the palace this morning.  He had a letter from the King so it must have been under his orders.  Do you want me to send word to him?”
I waved my hand.  “It is fine.  I’m sure my father had a good reason.  Is there any word on the Queen?  Is she doing better?”
“I hear from her court ladies that she did not sleep well through the night.  His highness spent some time with her before she sent him away.  She has been asked to be moved to the guest room in the King’s quarters until she is well.”
I frowned at that.  Kiowa was not getting any better.  The medic has said that Eris used some type of venom on the end of her blade.  I’d been scratched with her blade, but I’d healed thanks to my new powers.  Yet, Kiowa was not healing.  
“Prepare her a healthy breakfast and grab some flowers from the garden. I think she’ll do better if we can brighten up her room some.  Also put in a request for the kitchen for me.  I would like them to make scorpion stew for breakfast.”
The servant stared at me confused.  “Forgive me your highness, but I was told we only make that for the King during the middle of the season.  Why are you requesting this now?”
“Do not worry about why I am requesting this, but get it made.  Call me when breakfast is served.”
I left the servant standing there open mouthed as I walked away from the main hall.  I moved a finger signaling one of the guards to follow me.  He glanced at his buddies with a suspicious look before following me.  I led him to the arena and headed over towards the swords.  My weapons were still in the dungeons being held by the guards.  I made a mental note to make sure and retrieve them later.  I tossed a sword over to the unsuspecting guard.
“I’m sorry my lord, I do not understand.”
I glanced at the sharpness of the other swords trying to decide my pick.  “You’re new here, I am correct.”
“Yes, your highness.”
“So I thought.” I finally picked a sword and turned to face the guard.  Out the corner of my eye I could see his buddies peeping through the door.  They did not trust me to be alone with him.  Ignoring them, I focused back on the guard.  “I’m sure you may have heard that I am the one who trains the guards around here.  The latest attack from Lilith has left our palace vulnerable.  We lost some good friends due to surprise and betrayal.  I will not let that happen in my home again.  On guard!”
The guard raised the sword nervously to his face as I stared at the way he held it.  I sighed.  This was going to be a long morning.  The guard and I battled, or more so I chased him around the room as he ran dodging my hits.  He finally realized I would not let up until he defended himself, so he turned to fight me.  I was showing him how to move his feet when locked in with a Minotaur when the servant entered the room.
“Your highness breakfast is ready.”
“Is the King joining?” I asked.
“Yes your highness, he will be joining you for breakfast.”
I nodded.  “Thank you.”  The servant left as I turned to face the guard.  “We shall pick this up another day.  To gain more practice, try with some of your spying buddies over there and let them know they will be next.”
“Yes, your highness.” 
He bowed down to me as I accepted it. I passed him my sword so he could return it to its proper place.  I headed towards the dining hall to have breakfast with my father.  Entering the room, I noticed the cold lonely feeling.  The curtains were closed on the King’s orders keeping us enclosed in darkness with only the help of candlelight helping us to see.  Habit had me stopping down at the end of Kiowa’s side of the table.  Reaching out a hand, I touched the top of her chair and sighed.  I needed her to get better.  Like a mortal child, I never wanted to think about my parents leaving this world even though it was something bound to happen.  
“Are you going to stand there like a fool or are you going to join me for breakfast?”  My father voice came from the other side of the room.
I opened my eyes to see him waiting for a servant to pull out his chair before sitting.  I made my way down towards his end of the table as his eyes followed me.  They landed on the purple blazer as I watched a sign of approval flash through his eyes.  His eyes did not hold the faintness to them from the other day.  Today the color of purple was sharp.
I bowed to him.  “Your highness.”  I pulled out the chair beside him and sat down in it. 
“Where is Dyos?”
I glanced out the corner of my eye to make sure there were no servants around before answering.  “The servants told me he returned home this morning.  He had some prior engagements he promised his mother he would do today.  He says he will return once he is done and sent his regards by them.”
A servant entered the room holding a silver pitcher making her way towards us.  My father lifted his glass for him to fill his cup as he scoffed at my comment.  “If Adeline has given him duties, he will not return for a couple more days.  If he calls, tell him it is fine.  I know how demanding his mother can be.”
The servants came in and out the room filling the table with breakfast.  As they placed a bowl of scorpion stew in front of my father, his eyes shot to the servant ready to bellow at him.  
“Father before you set your teeth into his neck. I feel I should warn you that I was the one who requested this meal for breakfast.”
My father eyes flew to me.  Sudden understanding came to his eyes as he sat back fully in his chair.  His fingers entwined as a hint of a smile hung around his lips.   “So is this how you get information from your rats Aristaeus?  If so, I have to say I am not too impressed with your methods.”
“Trust me father, I have other ways of getting information.”
He grinned, his sharp teeth resembling a carnivore.  “Let us eat first before we have our talk.”
The two of us dug into our breakfast, the hot broth of the scorpion stew soothing my throat.  While I attacked my meal like a starving man, my father ate his as if he was full and could not take another bite.  Realizing my eyes were on his, he stared over at me with a gleam in his eyes.  I knew he was eating slowly on purpose.  Despite this being his favorite meal, he had no problems torturing me when it came to releasing information.  
I finished my bowl before he did and waited for him.  He finally finished, picking up a cloth to dash against his lips.  It’s strange, even though we weren’t mortal, we had mortal tendencies.  From the way we lived to the way we talked.  It was all similar.  
My father raised a hand to the servants to clear the dinner table.  “Do not return the room once the dishes have been taken away.  The Prince and I will be having a meeting.  Alert me to any changes to the Queen.”
“Yes, your highness.”
The servants quickly cleared the table and then closed the doors leaving my father and I in silence.
“Aristaeus, what do you plan to do with this information?”
“I’m not planning anything with it.  I’m just trying to figure out all that is going on.”
My father glanced at me his eyes filled with distrust.  It was all well, I’m sure my eyes will hold them by the end of his conversation.  I did not plan on him telling me the full truth. I hope he would however, but hope is a thing with wings.
“I could only give you a little information for it is all I have.”
“Start with when you began to suspect Grethen.”
“I’ve always suspected Grethen.  I suspect anyone from Eris to your mother.  It is in our nature not to hold trust in others.  It is when I began to realize that something was wrong with you.  From an early age, you had a gentleness around you that was useless in Pearu.  As you know, Grethen had brought you to us two nights after the Gods had sealed the Gates.”
“I didn’t know that it was two nights after that.  I just thought he brought me a night.” 
My father shook his head.  “No.  It was the first sign that something wasn’t right.  Grethen was always a quiet creature.  During the meetings I had with The Courant, he would always be in the back sitting in his silence.  He’d speak every now and then when he disagreed with a rule.  Other than that he was quiet.  He never stayed behind to converse with me like the others did.  Once our work was done, he’d leave.  The fact that he was the one to bring a child to us instead of one of the others was strange.  I told him this that night.”
“What did he say?”
“He simply said he did not like the palace to be in distress.  It disturbed the peace.”
“Okay, what’s wrong with that.” I said.  I too found it disturbing and uncomfortable whenever my father was angry about something.  It was the like the palace could feel it.  It is the same now that Kiowa is sick.  It is as if the palace feels as we feel.
“Are you not listening to me Aristaeus?  Did you not hear me when I said Grethen never spent more than the time needed in this palace?  For someone who only comes every blue moon, he should not care how the palace feels to him.  He did not have to live here.  Grethen never respected the palace or my authority.  He never addressed me as his King or Kiowa as his Queen.  He always gave off the feel as if he was just visiting.  So why care about the emotions of royalty he did not respect?”
“Maybe he was just being kind.”
My father pointed at me as if I’d just struck gold.  “Now you’re getting somewhere Aristaeus.”
I stared at my father as what he was saying started to come together.  Members of The Courant were not kind creatures.  Not even that, creatures of Pearu were not kind creatures.  Grethen character was not like one of The Courant.  The members of The Courant would not bring my father a child.  Not because they did not care for their King, it was simply because it would mean there would be someone else to take the throne after my father is gone.  It would be another creature in their way for the seat of the King.  If anything they would persuade my father to forget having a child.  Grethen however, someone who never seemed to care about the happenings of the King, brought him a child.  Not just any child, but a son.  A son who will automatically be given the seat as King.  And he’d just happen to find a child two nights after one of the biggest events in Pearu.
“You wear the same look that I’d worn when I realized this.” My father said.  He sipped from his glass and placed it back down.  “I knew your mother was at the door listening, so I could not question him the way I could.  I could sense her excitement from the other side of the door and I knew she’d seen you.  She likes to pretend she had no clue, but I knew she did.”
“So you let Grethen go.”
“I let him go, though I think he knew that I was on to him.  I knew if I sent guards to spy on him, he would flee immediately.  So, I hired citizens in Pearu instead.  They didn’t seem to mind earning extra money to spy on a member of the elite.  They found information that Grethen was consorting with a woman.  I wouldn’t have found it so strange if they hadn’t mentioned how uneasy the woman made them and the fact that she did not seem to be a creature from here.  Receiving that information, I gathered the guards and went to bring Grethen in for questioning.  However, he somehow gotten word that I was coming for him and disappeared.”
“Did he disappear like Eris?”
“Indeed he did.”
“Do you think the woman was Eris?” I asked.  I knew the woman couldn’t have been Eris, but I wanted to know if my father suspected the same person I did.
He seemed to prove that he did as his eyes darted to me.  In habit he entwined his fingers.  “Do you think the citizens would not recognize their dethrone queen Aristaeus?  If anything they would have ran in ready to bow and praise her on the destruction she’d ordered in the mortal world.  No, this woman was someone else.  Someone that Eris seems to hate right along with Zeus.  I believe she is the one who helped him disappear.”
“Father, in your diary it seemed like this woman and Zeus were in cahoots together.  Do you really think that?”
“I think the God and this woman know each other.  I use to think she was one of Eris sisters that she’d thought she’d killed.  But with the change you have endured, I think this woman is no Rakshasa.”
I stared at my father.  “Then what is she?”
“This creature… I have no clue what she is.”

I exited the dining hall closing the door behind me.  Leaning against the door I closed my eyes and tried to recap everything my father had talked about.  My father thought this woman was a God.  He then went into this tirade about how he believed the Gods were planning on attacking Pearu, and that this woman was the one in charged to get background on our world.  His reasoning was so far off that I wanted to slap him across the face and tell him to get some sense.  The Gods were not planning a surprise attack on us.  If they wanted to find information on our world, all they had to do was simply look down here and gather information.  Plus, where did I fit into their so called plan of surprise attack.  Did they have some kind of switch on me, so that when the battle started, I would lose it and attack my own people?  I sighed.  The Gods were just as clueless as my father was.  Though he’d given me some information on Grethen, it was not what I’d hoped.  My father had nothing.  He was just grasping strings.  It was up to me to gather the information I would need.
“Your highness.” 
I turned my attention towards a servant who made her way towards me.  It was the one from earlier who’d been with Dyos.  She glanced around nervously.  Reaching in her gown, she removed a scroll.  I took the scroll from her hands as she quickly bowed and darted out of sight.  Unrolling the scroll, ink drawn images came into view.  It was the battle plans the General had made for my father for the war against the Gods.  Dyos had come through.  There was a torn piece of parchment paper in the middle.  I picked it up and read Dyos handwriting.
It is all that I can deliver to you for now.  I will meet you tomorrow morning with more information at the entrance to Arwid.
Calling fire to my hand, I burned the parchment and stared at the scroll again.  My father was losing his sanity.  It would be up to me to save the world of Pearu and stop Lilith.  It seemed that only I could do it.





NINETEEN

Today was the day that I would meet Dyos in Arwid.  I’d spent two days in the palace trying to act as everything was ordinary.  My father didn’t have much time to keep a watchful eye on me like normal since he spent those two days locked in his study.  There were times I wanted to visit him in his study, but I knew he did not fully trust me in there anymore.  The times he spent in the study also made me wonder if it was because he was trying to come up with another way to protect the room.  I wouldn’t be getting in the room anytime soon to find out.  So I spent the majority of my two days with Kiowa.  The venom was a true mystery to the medic.  My father had summoned for every medic in Pearu to come to the aide to the Queen.  Yet no one could rid my mother of the powerful venom in her body.  The venom would often appear and disappear as if it was playing with her.  Just as we would think she would heal, the venom would reappear spreading worse than before.  It was another reason I was going to Arwid.  Maybe I could find some kind of cure that the medics overlooked.
Standing outside of her bedroom door, I turned the handle and entered.  The curtains were drawn and there was a slight smell of sickness in the air.  One of her servants sat next to her bed patted the sweat off her head.  That was another thing that bothered me about this venom.  Her symptoms were like symptoms mortals sometimes got when they were stricken with colds and flus.
“Give us a moment.”
The servant nodded and vacated her seat, leaving me alone with my mother.  I walked over towards her bed and sat down in the chair beside it.  I grabbed the cloth the servant had been using, and dipped it into the water in the bowl on the stand.  Wringing it out, I dabbed it against her forehead. 
“Aristaeus?”
“Shh” I said to her.  “Don’t try to speak.  Save your energy.”
“I want water.”
“Okay.” I put the cloth away and grabbed the glass and pitcher off the stand.  I filled it with water and turned to let her drink some.  She took deep gulps before lying back on the pillow.
“Does the water seem to help?”
“Yes.  It soothes the heat in my throat.  Aristaeus, I want you to know something.”
I waved my hand.  “Don’t!  Whatever you’re about to say save it for when you get out of bed.  I’m going to Arwid to find you a cure so you won’t be able to lounge around much longer.”
“You’re going to Arwid, when?”
“Today.”
Kiowa stared at me as if she knew the real reason.  “Be careful Aristaeus.  I do not want you turning into your father with this mission. If you don’t find the answers that you are looking for, I want you to return home and just leave it alone.  I’m happy with who you are despite your changes.  You’re still my son, and in time your father will agree with me that it does not matter.”
“No worries mother.  I won’t turn into father.”
I stayed there for a few more minutes with her until she fell asleep.  Standing over, I stared down at her frail figure and knew that it was more evident that I find a cure.  Leaving the room, I told the servants to check on her every few minutes and to keep her pitcher filled with cool water.  Leaving her quarters, I headed towards the main entrance of the palace.  Stepping out the doors, I saw the carriage I’d requested waiting in front of the steps.  Guards moved back and forth filling it with different items that I’d requested along for my journey.
“Is everything accounted for?” 
“Yes, your highness.  Are you sure you do not need a guard detail?”
“I will be fine.  Do you have my weapons?”
“Yes, your highness.”
The guard went to the cart that he’d brought along to load my bags.  He removed my demos and jugest and handed the items to me.  I wrapped the jugest around my shoulder and the demos around my left shoulder.  
“I shall return soon”
The guard helped me into the carriage and closed the door.  The carriage pulled to a start moving away from the front of the palace.  The bridge lowered and the carriage moved across it rocking against the dents and stumbles on the bridge.  Glancing out the window, we’d crossed the bridge as it lifted into the air erasing the palace out of view.  Sitting back in the carriage, I removed one of the blue journals I’d requested from the brown bag.  Opening the book, there was a pen inside.  Like my father, this book would be used to document my journey and my findings. Unlatching the pen, I began to fill the pages, becoming lost in my memories.
The journey to Arwid was a long one.  I’d stopped writing in my journal to take a lunch break.  I enjoyed the servant’s different dishes of prime meats they’d sent me.  Now that I was full, sleep was starting to creep up on me.  I reached up to close the curtains to the windows.  Stretching out on the seat, I closed my eyes and waited to arrive in Arwid.

“He sure is pretty isn’t he?”
My eyes opened as I gripped my demos.  Sitting up quickly, I turned to face the intruder.  Dyos grinned peeping through my window, the blade facing him not bothering him at all.
“Dyos, what are you doing?”
“Rise and shine young Prince.  You’re in Arwid.”
I placed my demos back in my sheath as Dyos opened the door to the carriage.  I stepped out and immediately smell the scent of barbecuing meat.  The land of Arwid was known for its savageness despite the new rules brought by the King.  The citizens in Arwid preferred to keep to the old way of the late Queen despite their dislike of her.  They enjoyed barbecuing outside and sharing the meat with their neighbors.  They enjoyed bartering for goods in the day and having wild parties at night.  It was a land for many runaways and wild creatures.  It was one of Dyos favorite places.
At the sight of me stepping out of the carriage, a few passersby’s shot me confused glances.  I wasn’t dressed in the King’s colors and I wasn’t riding in the normal carriage of kingdom.  My carriage wasn’t poor, but it wasn’t rich either.  I guess their confused glances were because they’d never seen me in this land, while Dyos was a known customer.
Dyos led me away from the carriage as some creatures came over to unload the carriage.  I almost withdrew my demos again, but Dyos assured me they would take my bags up to room he’d got for me.  Grabbing my arm, he led me away from the carriage and down the dirt road.
“When did you get here?” I asked.
“I came as soon as I sent the scroll.  I couldn’t chance my father thinking I’d taken it so I escaped here.  I’ve got an alibi that I’ve been here for the past week.  My mother agreed to cover for me just as long as I bring back trinkets.”
We passed by different booths as creatures called us to come and try their goods.  The booths carried things from books, food, ribbons, and other things that creatures of Pearu would have used for.  Dyos stopped at one of the tables and picked up an orange.  He tossed the attendant a dragon scale and bit into the orange, peel and all.
“So, where do we start boss?”
“First we need to find the place where moonstone rings were sold.  If we go to the spot, we may see the woman, and if not we can ask the people around if they’d remember her.”
“Do you think they would remember someone from that far ago?”
“I know it’s a long shot, but it is the only chance that we’ve got.” I said. 
We moved through the crowd, Dyos stopping every minute to check out the selection.  I would have gotten annoyed but Dyos assured me it was necessary.  If we just marched through the lands, the citizens would get suspicious and turn on us.  The citizens in Arwid did not like spies no matter if they were of the King’s palace.   So keeping with his rules, I browsed the booths and picked up a bracelet for Kiowa and a couple of books for her.  I also found some for myself to read, that is if I ever got the chance to have peace again.
We finally made it to the part of the land where Kiowa had stated the woman had settled her booth.  However, it was clear that this woman was no longer here.  In the place where her booth was once located, a bread booth was in its place.  An Orc stood behind the booth slicing a loaf of bread with a sharp knife.   At the sight of us approaching him, he took in our clothing and smiled.  The only thought that was going through his mind was that we had money.  He was the right guy to question.
“Welcome to Aster’s Bread Shop.  We have a variety of breads in today.  Would you like to try a piece of unicorn loaf, or how about a turtle loaf?  
 “Yes, I’ll take a loaf of each.” Dyos said leaning on the counter smiling.
The Orc grinned and begin to fill a bag full of the bread Dyos requested. 
“You picked a good one you did.  The unicorn loaves are selling out a lot today.  The turtle loaf not so much.  Creatures just don’t appreciate the good taste of turtle loaf anymore.”
“Well I can never turn down turtle loaves, especially with a side of Kampe stew.”
The Orc clapped in agreement. Dyos was succeeding in gaining the trust of the Orc by having the same likes as he did.
“How long have you been in Arwid selling this bread?” I asked.
The Orc glanced at me uncertain, but then he remembered I was with Dyos.  “I’ve been here for only a couple of months.  I use to own a bakery in Mayur, but with the recent attacks, I decided to move on to a safer place.”
“You really should move to the City of Pearu.” I said trying my hand at one of Dyos smiles.  “You would make a killing in dragon scales if you sell this in the City.  The elite love to eat bread.  I don’t think they have unicorn bread there.”
“Really?” The Orc said in excitement.
“Really. I know a few people in the City. I could put in a good word for you.  Maybe even get you a place where you can live above your business.”
Dyos added.  “You should take him up on his offer.  He got me a real good place to open up a bar.  My business is doing really well.”
The Orc stared at us.  There was a part of him that did not full believe us.  We were Hell Demons, but we talked as if we’d lived somewhere else besides the main City of Pearu.  If it wasn’t for a fellow barter walking by speaking to Dyos, I think the Orc would have ratted us out to the rest of the barters.
“If you can put in a word for me that would be excellent.”  The Orc said deciding he could trust us.  “I don’t know how to repay you.”
“You could give us some information.” Dyos said.
“What kind of information?”
“Have you seen a woman around here that sells moonstone rings?  My mother bought one for me when I was young, and I would like to return the favor by purchasing one for her as a gift.”
“I don’t know anything about a woman selling moonstone rings, but there’s a guy around here that sells them.”
“A guy?” I asked.
The Orc nodded.  “He’s a demon like you.  He sells moonstone rings, but he only gives certain creatures specific types of rings.  Some say they are filled with power.”
Dyos and I glanced over at each other.  Was it a coincidence that a demon was selling moonstone rings that housed powers like mine?  No, it couldn’t be.
“Where is he?” I demanded.
“Over there” The Orc pointed.  We followed his hand to a demon across the road.  He sat behind a booth that was covered in books. “Hey Grethen!”
At the sound of that name a chill went through me.  The demon glanced up from the book he was reading.  At the sight of us, he jumped up and took off running knocking creatures to the side. 
Dyos and I chased after him as the Orc shouted at us “Hey what about the bread?”
  
  

 
  


TWENTY

Screams erupted around us as we raced through the large marketplace.  Barters hurried out of our way holding their goods, all the while cursing our entire family name.  Grethen ran in front of us, not once looking back as he led us away from the marketplace and deeper into Arwid.  I had no idea where he was leading us, but I had a feeling that if we were to turn around and head back, the barters would not welcome us as kindly as they did before.  I was pretty sure that by the time we arrived back, all our bags and cases will be on the streets empty of their contents.  Hopefully Dyos, will have a plan how to help us there.
Grethen ran into the forest as Dyos slid to a stop.  
“Why are you stopping?”
“Aristaeus, I think this guy is leading us into a trap.  There is nothing out here besides forest lands.”
“Maybe that is why no one can find him.  He’s probably built a home out here out of reach of the barters and citizens of Arwid.”
“I don’t know Aristaeus.”
I ignored him.  Grethen was getting away while we were standing here debating.  “Fine, you stay here, I’m going to find him.”
I left Dyos standing there and raced into the forest.  There was silence behind me for a few minutes before I heard the sound of Dyos boots following me.  I slowed a bit to allow him to catch up.  
“I just said it was stupid.  You didn’t have to leave me.”
I shushed him as I looked around the forest.  Grethen was nowhere in sight.  I wanted to yell at Dyos and tell him that this was all his fault, but I didn’t.  While we might have stopped for a few seconds, it wasn’t enough time for Grethen to get that far away.  Removing my demos, I glanced around the forest area.  He had to be somewhere close.  He didn’t just disappear into thin air like that.  
Following my lead, Dyos removed his sword.  Together we crept through the forest taking turns sweeping the ground and the trees.  The further we moved into the forest, the colder it got.  It was strange since the temperature of Pearu rarely had a chill.  Every now and then, there would be a breeze with the wind, but never nothing of this icy temperature.
“There’s a spell here.”
Just as the words left my mouth, Grethen flew down from the trees.  He landed in front of Dyos, and immediately began to fight Dyos.  Dyos held his own against the demon as he tried to control the fight with his footwork.  However, Grethen appeared to not be your typical member of The Courant.  Most members of The Courant relied on the guards to defend and protect them.  Grethen with his excellent swordsmanship and footwork was proving that he did not need anyone to fight his battles for him.
I inched forward with my weapon waiting to get an entrance into the fight.  Unlike mortals, creatures of the damned did not fight all at once.  Our battles were always fair, one on one combat.  It was only when you feared your partner might lose, that you jumped in to relieve them of an approaching death.
Grethen’s footwork proved to be too much for Dyos as he made a near fatal move second guessing where the demon would hit.  It was because I had a quick hand, that I saved Dyos from what could have been his death.  My blade landed in front of Grethen’s, as I took one hand and shoved Dyos back so he could regroup.  The demon did not seem to mind his new opponent as he turned his attention to me.  Our blades clang together, as our boots danced back and forth in the dirt.  The demon realized that my swordsmanship was far better than Dyos and the fact it would take more than some fancy footwork to throw me off.  Pulling a dirty move, Grethen called forth fire and shot it at me.  The flame flew towards my face as I jumped back to protect myself.  I tripped over a tree trunk behind me as I tumbled over.
Grethen ran towards me ready to pierce his sword in my chest.  Dyos blocked his sword and tried to knock it out the demon’s hand, only to be sent flying into a tree on the left side of me.  With no one to stop him, the demon raised his sword and lunge it towards my chest.  My hands shot up and caught the blade in my hands, as I tried to detour its route.  The demon stared down at me, his eyes showcasing my death sentence.  The blade turned in my hands as my ring gleamed against the shine of the blade.  
The demon caught sight of my ring, and quickly withdrew his sword, the blade slicing my hand.  He took a step back and pointed the sword at me.  “Who are you?”
“Shouldn’t you have asked that, before you started attacking us?” Dyos moaned from his spot by the tree.
“Silence!” Shouted Grethen.  His focus was all on me.  His eyes roamed over me, taking in my appearance.  The Orc from earlier hadn’t taken the time to do the same since his mind was on the amount of dragon scales he would be receiving for his bread.  Grethen was an alert one however.  Being on the run had made him cautious.  As he stared at me, it did not take him long to realize who I was.
“You are Aristaeus, the King’s son.”
“Prince Aristaeus!”
“Silence Dyos.” I said standing up.  “Yes, I am Aristaeus, Prince of Pearu.”
Grethen nodded and placed his sword in its sheath.  He walked over to Dyos and helped pulled him up.  Dyos mumbled something to him that sounded like curses as he made his way over towards me.
“You’re far away from the City young Prince.”
“I’ve come on a quest to find a certain creature.  A female creature that sells moonstone rings.  I figured you could help me.”
Grethen laughed.  “So you came all the way to Arwid to ask me to help you find a female.  How did you know I was here?”
“We didn’t” Dyos said.  “Someone recommended you to us in our search when we got here.  It was you who freaked out and ran away as if you’d done something wrong.”
“Trust me, I have done many things wrong.  Besides I know how to spot the King’s men even in civilian clothing.”
Grethen walked towards the tree he’d jumped down on us in, and began to climb it.  Dyos and I shared a glance of curiosity.  He came back down the tree holding a brown saddle bag that he slipped over his shoulder.  Turning in the direction he’d been running earlier, he walked away from us.  It was only when he was a few feet away that he shouted over his shoulder, “Are you two hellions coming?”
Dyos and I followed behind the demon as he led us deeper into the forest.  Once again, the chill temperature of the forest put us at unease.  Despite Grethen being someone that I needed to talk to, I did not trust him fully.  I kept my hand on the hilt of my demos just in case he was leading us into dangerous territory.  The dangerous territory turned out to be a small stone cabin in the middle of the woods.  The cavern was one of miniature proportion as the branches and grass covered it hiding it from view.  Grethen walked up towards the cavern and removed the stone door that covered the opening.  
“Close that back once you’re in.”
Dyos stepped through the opening after Grethen, as I followed, turning to roll the stone back into place.  The room was dark, but we could still see thanks to our sight.  Grethen gave us even more sight, as he walked over to the hanging lanterns and lit it.  One by one the caverns lit up around the room, revealing a nice size home.  We stood in what appeared to be the sunroom.  The sunroom was filled with one chair and a couch.  An oak table sat in the middle covered in throngs of books and scrolls.  Off to the left was a kitchen, and towards the back were two more rooms that could have been his bathroom and bedroom.  
Grethen gestured over to the seats.  “Have a seat.  I’ll get you something to drink.”
I walked over to the couch and sat.  Dyos plopped down beside me and leaned over to me.  “Aristaeus, remember we do not know this guy.  Do not drink anything from him.”
“That is a very rude thing to say in someone’s home.” Grethen voice rung out from across the room.  We turned to face him as he made his way over to us carrying a tray filled with a pitcher and two cups.  “Since you’re at the Prince’s side, I’m sure you’ve been taught some manners.”
“Of course I have, but those are only reserved for the elite, not backwater leeches.”
“Dyos!” I shouted.  Dyos shouted me a look as to say “what.”  Dyos mouth is what often got us into trouble back in the day.  While it used to be funny then, it wasn’t so much now.  I needed information and he was doing his best to be an unruly houseguest.
“Never mind your friend.” Grethen said placing two clay mugs in front of us.  “You’d do better to take notes from him young Prince.  Your friend is right when he says that you can’t trust everyone, no matter how bad you may need them.  His mistake was allowing me to overhear him.  In someone else’s home, it could have meant his death.”  Grethen walked over to the chair across from the coffee table and plopped down.  “As it is, I find him to be quite funny.”
I didn’t know what to say to that and neither did Dyos.  I stared down into my mug to see a black liquid.  The color of the liquid was almost hardly identifiable because of the darkness of the mug.  
“What is this?”
“Seaweed tea.  It’s good for your muscles after a battle or fight.  Not that you will need that Aristaeus.  I bet you’ve healed already.” Grethen said.
I turned to look at Dyos who shrugged his shoulders.  He’d yet to drink from his cup.  Putting my trust in the runaway demon across from me, I raised the cup and sipped the liquid.
“Aristaeus!” Dyos shouted.  He tried to take the cup from me, but I moved it away.  
“It’s okay Dyos.  It’s bitter, but it’s drinkable.”
Grethen laughed as he sipped from his own cup.  He took a big gulp before placing the empty mug on the coffee table.  “Now, let’s get to the reason you’re here.   You claim to be looking for a female selling moonstone rings.”
“Yes I am.  The woman sold my mother a moonstone ring a couple years back before I was born.  It was this ring actually.”  I rubbed the white moonstone ring as thoughts of Kiowa came to me.  I could not forget to get the cure before I took my leave.  “The woman who sold the moonstone ring gave her this ring despite the one she wanted.”
“What’s the problem in that?”
“This woman also prophesized that my mother would have a son despite she could not give birth.  Later that night, a member of my father’s Courant, delivered a male baby to her.  That member, was you Grethen.”
Grethen rubbed his face.  “It is true.  I delivered you to your parents.”
“Can I ask you for what reason did you have to bring me them?  Did you get the order from the woman in the marketplace?” 
“To answer your last question, yes.  I got the order from the woman in the marketplace.  To answer your first question, I did it because she requested it.”
“That’s not a good reason.” Dyos scoffed.
“It is the only reason I can give you.”
“Who is she?” I asked.  “The woman in the marketplace.”
“You already know the answer to that young Prince.” Grethen said.  “You’ve only come here to confirm it.”
I stared at Grethen as he smiled.  He was right.  I knew who the woman was already.  I just needed confirmation that the woman in my vision and the woman in the marketplace were the same one.
“Samr.  Her name is Samr.” I said.  As I breathed her name out, I felt a surge of relief go through me.  It felt good to finally be able to say her name.
“Yes.”
“Who is Samr?” 
Grethen sat back in his chair as he got comfortable.  “That is a good question young Prince.  Samr is not a creature of this world or of the mortal world.  Samr is not from the land of the Gods, yet she has lived there in the past.  She is more powerful than the King of Pearu, but not as powerful as Zeus.  Her species is unknown for she possesses the powers of shape shifting.”
“I don’t understand?” I said confused.  “How is her species unknown?” 
“You would be surprised the types unknown of creatures that exist within our universe.  Surely you did not think there were only three worlds.”
“You mean there are more.” Dyos asked.  “Why aren’t we aware of the other worlds?”
“Because it is not in our purpose.” Grethen said.  He glanced over at me to see how I was taking it all in.  “Do you wish for me to continue? I haven’t even gotten to the good parts yet.”  I nodded letting him know that he could continue.  My mind was still reeling with the information of there being more worlds and Samr being a fallen God, but I pushed it to the side so that I could fully concentrate on Grethen’s story.  “Samr was not a planned creature.  She was an experiment by the Goddess Artemis.  Artemis as you know was the Goddess of the moon.  She prided herself on maidenhood and chastity, but had a temper worse than those of the Titans.  One day, Artemis went to Zeus, to ask him if she could create a companion.  She’d been stationed away from her friends and found herself to be quite lonely.  However, the Goddess had forgotten the rule of creating without the consent from the Creator.  Zeus reminded her of this, leaving the God filled with sadness.  Leaving the castle, Artemis stumbled upon Athena, who was enjoying a golden staff that her father had gifted her with.  It became clear then how unfair she and her siblings were treated when it came to Athena.  Athena received everything.  Filled with anger, Artemis stole the book of Fate, glamouring herself from the sight of the Gods.  Opening the book to the spell that would give her the companion she so desperately hoped for, she stole remnants of the Moon and Sun from their guardians, using them in her spell.  And thus, Samr was created.  As you must know, Zeus was not happy about this.”
“What did he do?” Dyos asked engrossed in the story.  He was so enraptured that he was unaware of that fact that he’d drunken from the mug.  Grethen seemed to notice the same thing as he chuckled.
“What could he do?  Samr was already created and it would be cruel of him to eradicate her because of Artemis disobedience.  So he allowed her to live in their world, as long as she followed the rules.  And for a while, it worked.  It was only when Apollo, Artemis twin brother started to take notice in the beautiful Samr, that things began to get chaotic.  Apollo had fallen in love with Samr and began to follow her around.  Samr, however, did not feel the same, and often tried to avoid the Sun God.  On the day she fell, Apollo came to her to confess his feelings.  He couldn’t stand being away from Samr, and wanted her to be his wife.  When Samr denied him, Apollo was filled with a heavy rage and hurt.  Acting on his emotions, he cursed Samr, taking away the Sun that Artemis had stolen from him, branding her to live by the light of only the moon.  Samr fell from the sky, falling into unconsciousness.  Artemis, arrived to see what her brother had done and tried to undo the curse, but it was too late.  Samr had somehow fallen away from the sight of the Gods, never to be seen again.”
“I bet Apollo felt bad after he’d cursed her.” I said.
“Of course.  He even went to Zeus to plead in his help to find her.  The Gods searched the worlds for her, but she was nowhere to be found.”
Dyos scoffed. “This is ridiculous. The Gods could not find one of their own.”
“You forgot the Gods can glamour themselves Dyos.” I said.  “I’ve seen them do it.  It’s a small power gifted to them that allows them privacy.  If Samr lived with them, I’m sure she learned how to do it as well.”
“Correct you are Aristaeus.”
“So she fell never to be seen again, but somehow you’ve met her, and she has created me.  How was she saved?” I asked.  “Who saved her?”
“I’m sure you know the answer to that question as well.  Our creator saved Samr and preserved her powers, locking them within her until there came a time where evil would try to destroy the universe.  When that time came, Samr was to create three leaders who would fight and save their world from complete annihilation.  That time has come.”
“You mean Eris?  She’s the evil that the God warned of?”
“But she’s just a Rakshasa.” said Dyos.  
“Eris is more than that Rakshasa.  Do not forget her father was the Hindu God of creation.  They are higher up than that of the Olympian Gods like Zeus which is why the King of Gods has not killed her yet.  She is more powerful than him.  And now, she has in her possession the Cosmic Orb.” Grethen said.  
“What is the Cosmic Orb?”
“The Cosmic Orb is the life force that keeps the worlds running.  Eris’s father was the guardian of the orb.  However, as a last final act of disobedience against the creator, he cast a spell creating a plague upon the orb.  As the day came for him to be sentenced, the Hindu God hid the orb among one of the worlds, hoping one of his daughters would follow in his steps in destroying all the creator held dear.  Eris has followed in his footsteps.  In seeking revenge against her father’s enemies and hers, she went on a search to find the orb.  Now she has the orb, and has gathered enough souls to unleash the plague.”
“Pearu.”  I breathed out.  “Eris plans to destroy Pearu first, because it was where she was sentenced to live.  Add to it her dethroning by Zeus and my father as well as the closing of the Gates of the mortal world.  It makes the perfect place to strike.”
I now understood why Eris was now striking war in our land.  The attacks that were delivered was just what we assumed, it was all an act.  Due to my father consorting with the Gods and the different attacks in Pearu, the citizens had begun to lose faith in the King turning their backs on him, just like they did her.  She did not care if the creatures of Pearu backed her up for they were already in her mind set as betrayers.  But where did Lilith play into all of this.  
“What about Lilith?  Why is she here in our world?”
“In another world, Lilith and Eris are close friends.  It is the world Eris disappeared to after her dethronement.  I don’t know all the details of what happened in that world, but it was enough for Lilith to pledge her loyalty to Eris, and follow her here.”  
“Am I the first ruler that Samr created?”
“Yes.” Grethen answered.  “Samr knew about the box hidden among the waters of the mortal world not because the Gods had feared it, but the Creator had told her where to find it.  She traveled to Earth and retrieved the box.  Samr studied the soul for days before she finally understood how to control the soul of the Sacrilege.  In order to control the Sacrilege, the soul would need to live in that of a mortal infant.”
I stared at Grethen confused.  “What good is the soul in a mortal infant?  Wouldn’t it still be the same as it was before?”
 “Unlike before, the soul would be mixed with that of a mortal soul.”
“But there wasn’t a mortal soul in the infant.  I saw it in my vision.  Kithara placed the soul in the infant’s body only after it was gone.  I watched it leave the infant’s body.”
Grethen laughed.  “You only saw part of what happened young Prince.  Yes, the soul of the mortal infant was released from the body so that of the Sacrilege could enter, and then it returned.  Kithara disappeared before you could see it.  The minute she teleported, the mortal doctors arrived in the room to revive the infant.  The soul was still hovering between worlds.  But when it felt the tug towards Earth, it returned to its body, meshing with the Sacrilege soul calming it.  It is why you feel sympathy for the mortals.”
“I thought it was just because I was a Reaper.”
“Yes, Reapers feel sympathy for having to endure the mortal world, but the second their contract ends, so does their feelings.  They return to Creatures of the Damned and their harboring hate for the mortals.”
“So when does this plague get released?” Dyos asked.  “How long do we have to prepare?  I mean how we are supposed to fight something we have no clue about.”
Grethen stood and walked over to a rusted calendar on his wall.  His finger ran down the page stopping on a date.  “The plague will arrive in four days.  In four days you will have all the answers you will need.”
“There is a battle coming up.” I said quietly.  “My father plans to go to war against the Gods.”
Grethen turned to face us tucking his hands behind his back.  “It was bound to happen Aristaeus. Do not worry yourself over such things.  The Gods know how to handle themselves.”
I opened my mouth to say something else to Grethen when I heard the voice again. 
Aristaeus. 
 I glanced around the room expecting to see her, but it was only the three of us.  I glanced over at Grethen who stared at me with a smile on my face.  His eyes told me that he knew what was going on.  The voice called for me again and this time I found myself standing.  
“Aristaeus, are you okay?” Dyos asked with concern.  He looked from me to Grethen, alarm growing on his face.  “It was the tea, wasn’t it?”
I shook my head.  “No, it’s her.  I can hear her again.”
“Who?  Samr?”  
“Stay here.” I said walking past him and heading towards the stone that was covering the entrance.  Dyos jumped up to follow me, but Grethen placed a hand on his shoulder stopping him.  The two exchanged words as I moved the stone from the door.  Stepping through the opening, I took a few steps before I saw her.  There she was in front of me, standing in the midst of the trees looking the same as she did in my dream.  Only now I could see her face.
Raising a hand out to me she said, “Hello Aristaeus.”
  



TWENTY-ONE

I never found myself being shaken by another female until I met Astraea.  Now as I stand across from Samr, I couldn’t stop my mouth from opening and closing.  She was extremely beautiful, and had an aura about her that seemed to bring a sense of calm.  Butterflies that I hadn’t noticed when we first arrived, floated around her, one even landed on her shoulder.  Her black hair fell straight down her back as it blew softly.  There wasn’t any wind blowing, and yet her hair was moving.  She had an oval shaped face and cat shaped eyes with pupils the color of forest green.  Around her neck she wore a necklace that was the shape of a sun but the color was white.  It was the same whiteness that I’d often seen in my moonstone ring.  On the sides of it were two blue crescent moons.  My eyes left her neck and traveled to her outstretched hand.  I was afraid to touch her.  Not because I thought she would harm me, but that I would taint her skin.
She seemed to hear my thoughts as she laughed.  Birds nearby chirped at the sound.  “You do not have to touch my hand if you do not wish to.”
I gave a crooked smile as I moved around.  I darted a glance back at the cabin, but the stone was back in place leaving the two of us alone in silence.  I glanced back at Samr.  “I’ve been waiting to meet with you.”
“I know.  I’ve been waiting to meet you as well.  I would have shown myself to you earlier, but you were not ready.”
“And I am now?”
“Yes, I think you are.”
 Samr turned and headed towards a boulder sitting on the side of the cabin.  She climbed upon it and sat down.  Her head leaned back as she stared at the sky. “I’ve always loved the color that was chosen for your world.  It’s an interesting color.  Do you know what it means?”  I shook my head no.  “The color purple is of good judgment.  It’s supposed to give you a peace of mind.  It symbolizes royalty, magic, power, and mystery.”
“The Creator should have just painted our sky black.  It seems more fitting than purple.”
“I think it fits.”
“You do.” I asked.  I moved closer to her taking slow precaution steps.  “You don’t think that black would be a good color for Creatures of the Damned.”
“If you were judging from a mortal perspective than yes.  Mortals believe your world to be filled with demons that do nothing but torture souls every day without stopping. They do not know that you have minds and ambitions of your own.  Your world lives by that of the King, who despite his reactions, has good judgment when it comes to his world and creating a flowing civilization.  Your world possesses magic and power that may be dark but sometimes can also be beautiful.  Because the mortals do not know this, your world remains a mystery.  It is why the Creator chose this color for your world.  Black would have been too harsh and untrue.”
“I guess I never seen it that way.”
“Creatures of their world never seem to do.  Do you think the mortals see anything beyond their blue sky?  They just see it as pretty.” Samr laughed.  “I find them to be a cute kind.  They are lost, but they are still cute, and they are special to me.”
I had a feeling that she was quizzing me on my feelings for mortals to see if I was up for the role of being the leader.  If I said the wrong thing, she would probably turn me into dust and choose someone else to take my place.
“I would not do that to you Aristaeus.  For one, your soul is the only soul of a Sacrilege.  We do not have the time to wait for another one to be created and thrust into another infant child.  Second, I do not expect you to have the same feelings that I do for the mortals.  Your soul is mixed with your demon side, so there will always be a conflict of emotions to you when it comes to mortals.”
I picked up a rock and played with it in my hand.  “Grethen told me that you created me to help stop the plague Eris plans to have her followers release in Pearu.  I don’t want to sound ungrateful.  I am happy you chose me.  I just don’t understand what I am to do.”
“I want nothing more than for you to lead your people Aristaeus.  When the plague reaches your world, there will be bloodshed and betrayal.  Your people will become lost.  You must not give up on them, even if they turn their backs against you.”
“Will many die?” 
Samr answered with hesitation.  “Yes.  There are always casualties in war.”
I nodded and tossed the rock towards the woods.  In four days my world will become a battle ground.  I had no idea what this plague would bring, but I know it would cause casualties.  It was up to me to stop them before they completely destroyed Pearu.  I just hope I could convince my father of this much.  He was a man that needed evidence before he acted.  He didn’t get to where he was by trusting heresy.
“Grethen said that Eris was stronger than Zeus which was why he couldn’t kill her.  Is she stronger than you as well?”
“She once was, but not anymore.” Samr said.
“So why can’t you take care of things?  Why can’t you stop her from destroying our world completely?”
“It is not my mission Aristaeus.  Every creature in this universe has a purpose.  We lived to serve our creator and protect the gift that he has bestowed upon us.  No matter what you’ve come to believe, this is not a free life.  We all have our duties in keeping the universe safe from danger.”
“Will the other two leaders have to face a mission like mine?”
Samr stared off into the trees as a sad smile came to her lips.  “Yes, and they will be far worse than yours.  They will have to go through their own changes to reach a level where they can be confident in saving their people and their world.  You will reach that level soon.”
“Will we ever meet?  The other leaders and I?”
“That for now is uncertain.  I can only see your future at the moment.  Since they have not been created yet, I cannot see them.”
I walked over to the boulder to stand beside her.  I wasn’t afraid to be near her anymore.  The aura that she carried around with her had done its job in calming me fully.  I pulled up on the boulder beside her.  Together we both stared up at the purple sky.  A flock of white birds flew overhead.  From my seat I could see the broken leg of one of the birds as it wobbled in the air.  Samr raised a finger towards the sky.  The top of her finger began to shine as she pointed it at the wobbling bird.  The bird dropped down as it broken leg began to stretch out.  Completely fixed, the bird gave a cheerful chirp and flew happily to catch up with his flock.  He was no longer flying behind them, but with them. 
“How did you do that?” I asked in awe.
“Just one of my many gifts.”
Remembering the story Grethen told about her, I felt myself filling with questions I wanted to ask her.  She seemed to sense this because she said.  “You may ask me anything Aristaeus.”
“I don’t want to pry into your life.”
“I do not have secrets.  I will tell you what you need to know.”
“Grethen said that Apollo cursed you.  Were you angry with him?” I asked.
Samr raised a hand to catch a fallen leaf.  Grasping it in her hand, she said.  “No, I wasn’t angry.  I was more so hurt.  I guess I should have figured that he wouldn’t act rashly.  Artemis was the one known for her temper, but Apollo could have a mean one too.  I knew how he felt about me, and yet I could not return those feelings to him.  I never meant to embarrass him.  I never wanted to leave their world.  I loved it.”
“But now you have your own world.  I saw it in my dream, it’s beautiful.”
“Thank you Aristaeus, that really mean a lot to me.
The sky was beginning to take on a tint of darkness and I knew my father would be calling it night soon.  Samr didn’t seem to mind this as she stretched out along the boulder.  I tried to stretch my ears to hear inside of the cabin.  I needed to make sure Dyos was okay alone with Grethen.
“Do not worry about Grethen.” Samr laughed.  “He won’t harm your friend.  Although I’m not sure if he’ll stay true to his calm if your friend continues to go through his things.”
I frowned at that.  Dyos didn’t go through someone’s things unless he was comfortable with them.  I wondered what the demon had said to gain Dyos trust so soon.  “Grethen seems to know a lot about you.”
“He is a good friend.  I’ve known him since his days as a Reaper.  Like you, he gained feelings towards the mortals.  His feelings became so strong, that he begged for the Creator not to return him to the world of Pearu.  He could not tolerate working for Eris any longer and knew she would not show mercy towards his sudden compassion.  Grethen wanted to live in a world of peace.  The Creator sent him to me, and I blessed him with that life.  He has been with me since then.”
“Did Kithara want peace like Grethen too?” I asked.  “Is that how you saved her?”
“Kithara wanted revenge instead of peace.  It was because her feeling of sadness was so strong, that I was pulled towards her.  I saved her and showed her that she could live with me in peace, but Kithara still hung on to that revenge.  It was the true reason why she decided to help me in my mission.  She had loyalty and she cared for me, but her thirst for revenge overrode that.  But, on the last night of her life, she decided not to act on that revenge, and instead greeted death with a smile on her face.  I felt a happiness that she’d found peace and knew that the Creator would have plans for her in whatever plain she ended up in.”
A tear rolled from Samr’s eye as I raised a hand to catch it.  The crystal dropped landed on finger as it melted into my skin.  Feeling as if I just betrayed Astraea, I moved my hand away and tucked it under me.  I hoped that these were one of the times that Zeus kept her locked away.  I couldn’t imagine how she would feel if she’d saw me comforting Samr, no matter how innocent it was.
“You love her.”
“Huh.” I said turning to Samr.
“Astraea.  You love her.  It’s okay to love her Samr.”
“I want to think that.  But when I think of my world and the responsibilities I have, the love I have for her doesn’t seem to be worth it.  I don’t want to betray my world and lead them to extinction because of my emotions.”
“Emotions are what have driven some of the greatest leaders Aristaeus.  Do not give up on your love for her just because you are afraid of what your father thinks.”
I sighed.  Samr was right.  She’d seen right through me.  I knew that the only person opinion that mattered to me when it came to Astraea was my father.  For my whole life I’d been living to please him.  Everything I did, it never seemed to please him.  There were times I felt that I should give up and just be happy, but I knew I wouldn’t be happy until I could have my father’s approval.”
Samr jumped down from the boulder and turned to face me.  “I should be going.  I can’t be away from my world for too long.  I don’t want to worry the ones I left behind.”
“You have creatures in your world.”
Samr laughed.  “Of course I do.  You honestly didn’t think that was alone in my world.”
I laughed and scratched my head.  Staring at her, I realized that I wasn’t ready for her to leave.  I still had so many questions that I wanted to ask her.  We’d just met and the time had already gone by.
“This will not be the last time that we meet.  Just keep in mind that I will always be with you.  All you have to do is think of me, and I will show myself to you.”
 “Okay.”
Samr walked off towards the direction she’d been standing in earlier.  She came to a stop as she turned around to face me.  “Aristaeus, I must ask that you not let anyone know that I was here.  It could cause complications.”
“I won’t tell anyone.” I assured her.  I didn’t think that anyone would believe me anyhow.  No one in Pearu knew of Samr besides my father, Eris, and now Dyos.  I knew Dyos wouldn’t let anything about her slip.  She would have to remain a secret.  “Samr, why does Eris want to kill you?  How does she know you exist?”
 Samr gave a sad smiled.  “Because…I am her sister.”
I stared in shock as I tried to make sense of what she said.  My father was right.  “Her sister?  I thought…I thought Artemis created you.”
“She did.  The Creator accepted my plea for forgiveness and I was given a chance to be reborn as a God.”
“How did Eris find this out?”
“I made the fatal mistake of entering Pearu.  I wanted to see her for myself.  I guess it was my way of checking up on her.  At that time, I had not been given any mission.  She was in a carriage arriving in the countryside.  As if a light had been turned on, she glanced through the window of the carriage and saw me hiding behind a tree.  Shock went through her and then hatred.  It was clear the Creator had forgiven me for my sins.  It was then she decided she would kill me again.  Only I disappeared before she could.  She hasn’t seen me since, but she knows that I’m still out there.  You’re proof of that.”
“Samr, are we going to win.”
Samr glanced down at the ground and back at me.  Turning around she walked off into the forest and disappeared.  The calmness that had accompanied her was now gone as I was left alone with the chill and silence.

“I still can’t believe you left me behind like that.  Did you not forget you were in foreign land and we have a bunch of angry barters after us?” Dyos fussed.  Grethen had decided to allow us to stay the night at his cabin.  He would go to the marketplace in the morning in hopes to smooth things over for us with the barters.  His cabin was a small place, but it would do.  It was no bigger than my room at Belham.  The thought of Belham made me think of Os’ mar.  I still had no clue what the Gods had done with him.  
“Aristaeus, are you even listening to me?”
I glanced up from the book I was reading.  Grethen had a ton of good novels in his collection. I was surprised to find novels of the supernatural genre that I’d often see mortals reading.  “I heard you Dyos so please stop complaining.  I told you that I was sorry, but I had to meet with her alone.”
“And yet, she did not tell you how to stop the plague.  What’s with Gods and their half missions?”
“Do not worry about my mission.   What did you and Grethen talk about while I was gone?  I heard you raffled through his things.”
“Who told you that?  Did he tell you that?” Dyos said pointing towards the kitchen area where Grethen was making us dinner.  I didn’t know what he was cooking, but it smelled delicious.  I hadn’t eaten since earlier during my ride here to Arwid.
“I heard it from Samr.”
“Well isn’t she a nosey one.”
I sighed and gave a roll of my eyes. “Just tell me what the two of you were talking about.”
“The cure.  I told him about your mother and the venom that was keeping her bedridden.  He hadn’t heard of any such venom so he promised he would help us find it.  I also hate to tell you this Aristaeus, but I think he was a bit sweet on your mother.  When I told him that she was sick, he looked bizarre.”
“Maybe you saw wrong.”
“I saw right!” Dyos said pointing at himself.  He placed the blanket Grethen had given him by the door.  He would be sleeping by the door in case a situation arose.  He tossed a pillow down on the homemade bed and made his way over to me.  “The guy’s a bit strange, but he seems okay to trust.  I don’t think we will have to worry much about him betraying us.  I’m usually a good character of something like that.”
“Don’t I know it.”  I turned my attention back to my book and became intrigue about a section in the book about a world called Gaia.  The story was completely fiction, but it had hints of reality to it that seemed to intrigue me.
“Dinner is ready!” Grethen called from the kitchen.
Dyos hopped up from beside me and headed over toward the kitchen.  I placed a piece of scrap parchment between the pages and carried the book with me over towards the kitchen.  The table was covered in a red saucy meat that seemed to smell quite delicious.  There were cut slices of bread on the table and a jar filled with berry sauce.  Grethen placed two mugs on the table and filled them with the same seaweed tea we’d been drinking earlier.  Dyos shot me a look as to say he did not want any more of the demon’s black tea.
I hid a smile as I sat down in the chair beside Dyos.  “Grethen, these are some interesting books that you have.  They remind me of the ones I’d often seen in the mortal world.”
“Ha!  The mortals wish they had novels as good as those.  I got them from my time in Samr’s world.  She has collections of books.  She loves to read.”
“Seems like you have the burning love for her.”
Grethen shot Dyos a look that said he did not appreciate the comment.  “My feelings are not like that for Samr, so please do not confuse yourself.”
“Whatever.  What is this that you’ve prepared?” Dyos poked his meat with his utensil.  “I smell a lot of spices.”
“You’ve never had nymph before?  What are they feeding you guys in the City these days?  Every demon has eaten nymph before.”
I scooped some of the nymph meat onto my utensil.  There were pieces of chopped vegetables mixed within the sauce.  As the spoon neared my mouth, the smell of spices became even more potent.  I took a bite of the meat and immediately felt as if my mouth had been set on fire.  If I was a mortal, I wouldn’t have been able to handle it.  As it were, the taste was amazing.  It made me feel warm.
“Good isn’t it.” Grethen said smiling.  “It should be a law that all demons should eat this at least one day out of the week.  You should take that into consideration when you become King.”
Dyos scoffed.  “Aristaeus have better laws to enforce then spicy nymph.  Lions meat.” He said pointing at me.  “That should be a law.  Prime meats are the best.”
I shook my head and laughed at them.  The three of us conversed over dinner and for once I did not worry about the upcoming dangers or anything else.  Dyos was right about Grethen’s character.  The demon seemed to be someone we could trust and hopefully he would stay here as we go to battle.  He seemed to enjoy Samr’s world, so he might decide to go back when the time comes.  I wouldn’t blame him.  
Grethen cleared up the dishes as Dyos headed off to use the bathroom.  I walked over to the sink to help Grethen with the dishes.
“Dyos told me about your mother.” He placed a cup in the cabinet and grabbed another to wash.  “We’re going to find a cure.  It’s not like Kiowa to let something like this get her down.”
“Did you know my mother well?” 
Grethen turned off the water and placed the last cup away.  He wiped his hands off on a cloth and turned to me.  “Let’s just say, your father did not deserve her.”
Giving me a smile he left me alone into the kitchen and left the room.  Dyos appeared in the kitchen.  “We better get some sleep. We got to head back tomorrow.”
“Yeah.”
The two of us got comfortable in our homemade beds.  As soon as Dyos head hit the pillow, he was out like a light.  I moved around on the sofa trying to get comfortable.
Aristaeus.
I sat up on the sofa and stared around the room.  This voice was not Samr, but it was familiar.  Sliding on my boots, I made my way over towards the door.  Making sure not to wake Dyos, I stepped over him and removed the stone.  Closing the stone behind me, I turned to see someone I did not expect to see too soon.  Zeus stood in the same spot Samr had occupied earlier, with Astraea at his side.
     



TWENTY-TWO

Zeus stared across the forest at me.  I was surprised to see the God in front of me and even more surprised that he’d brought Astraea along.  For a second I thought that this was going to be some kind of final farewell, but I instantly dismissed that thought.  Zeus didn’t seem like the type to go through all of that trouble over first love.  My eyes moved to Astraea as she smiled happily at me from behind her father’s back.  I could hear different phrases such as I miss you. I love you, float through her head.  Zeus grimaced at the last one.  He might have been the King of Gods, but he was still a father.
“Why are you here?”  I asked once I couldn’t take the suspense any more.
“I’ve thought long and hard about our last discussion Sacrilege.”
“Can you please not call me that?  I do have a name.”
Zeus smiled as his teeth shined in the night.  “Yes, of course you do.  Forgive me Aristaeus.  I’ve come to give my acceptance of your relationship with my daughter.”
I stared at him confused.  I was happy that he’d finally accepted us, but I was suspicious as well.  “What changed?”
“I do not wish to see my daughter suffer anymore.  She has made it quite clear that she would continue to see you even if it means losing my trust.  The love she has for you is of something I have never seen, just as your creation.  I find it strange, your creation.  But I know there has to be a good reason for it.  I’ve also had the chance to watch you and noticed that you’re not a terrible creature.  You’re a bit disobedient, but I know the reason for it.”
“I want you to know that I would do nothing to hurt your daughter.”
Zeus nodded.  “I’m sure you won’t.  I trust you.”  
Zeus stepped to the side and glanced at his daughter.  Astraea stared up at him as the two silently communicated.  I couldn’t detect what they were saying since they were blocking their thoughts.  I couldn’t wait to learn how to block mine.  I’m sure Zeus would feel the same. I doubt he wanted to hear the thoughts that came to mind when I saw his daughter.  The contact between them broke as Astraea reached over to give him a hug.  She then ran forward as I opened my arms to catch her.
I held her tightly in my arms as she wrapped her arms around me sighing.
“How have you been?”
“I’ve been fine.” I assured her.  “What about you?”
“I’m okay.”
We shared another hug before separating.  Zeus stood there with a small smile on his face.  Nodding to me he turned to leave when I remembered I needed to talk to him.  “Wait!”  I unattached myself from Astraea and took a few steps forward.  “I thought I should tell you, that my father plans to start a war with you.”
“What?” Astraea said confused.  “What do you mean—”
“I already know.” Zeus said cutting her off.  “Your father has been planning this for a while so it is no surprise.  We will not fight with the King unless he breaks the rule by leaving the Gates.  He knows this and he knows what will happen to his kingdom if he does.”
“That’s the point.  I don’t think he cares anymore.  He hasn’t been his self lately.  Eris has him off track.”
“He’s not the only one.” Zeus mumbled quietly.  Remembering we were there, he turned to face.  “Do not worry about this.  Enjoy your time together.”  He turned to Astraea. “I’ll see you home soon.”
“Yes, father.”
There was a bright flash of light and then he was gone.  I turned towards Astraea who was glancing towards the sky.  I clasped her hand in mine as she turned her attention back to me.  “I’m glad you are okay.  I was worried.”
“So was I.  My father was furious at me.  I had to go to court.  They stripped me of my rank.”
“What rank are you now?”
“About the same rank as an angel.”
I stared at the sullen look on her face.  I knew that her rank was important to her, but because of me, she jeopardized it.  I wish there was some way I could get her rank back for her, but I knew it was a lost cause.  Zeus had been lenient on her.  This was the only way he could teach her a lesson, without completely destroying her.
“I heard about your mother, I’m sorry.” She said.
“It’s okay.  I’m going into the marketplace tomorrow to see if I can find a cure for her.  The demon I’m staying with told me there might be a chance one of the barters have heard of it.”
“I wish there was some way I could use my powers, but I don’t have much anymore.” She then glanced at the cabin I was staying in.  “Where did you meet the demon?”
“He’s the one who brought me to my parents that night.”
“Grethen?” She said asked.  I nodded.  “How did you find him?”
I recapped everything that led up to me coming here and finding Grethen.  I wanted to tell her more about Samr, but I made a promise that I would keep her a secret.  Once again I felt as if I was doing something wrong, and was ridden with guilt.  When the time is right, I would tell her everything.
“I knew there had to be some reason you were created.” She gushed happily.  “I told the others this.  Athena thinks I might be right, while Poseidon believes you’re working for Eris.”
“I don’t think he will ever forgive me for burning him.”
“Probably not.” She laughed.
I smiled.  I missed her laugh.  Astraea seemed to hear my thoughts as her smile grew bigger.  Leaning over to me, she planted a soft kiss on my lips.  I felt my eyes close as warmth spread through me.  It was moments like this and dinner earlier that I found myself wishing for peace.  Someday, once I have accomplished the duties set out for me, I would love to live in Samr’s world with Astraea. It seemed like a stress free place which was something I needed right about now.
Astraea pulled back from the kiss as her eyes changed from red to yellow.  “I should let you get some rest. You have a big day tomorrow.”
“No, I’m okay. Stay.  I haven’t seen you in a while.” I moved a piece of stray hair back behind her ear.  “Besides, I need you to teach me how to block my thoughts”
“Why do you want to block your thoughts?”
“So your dad won’t hear the impure thoughts I have about you.” I said with all honesty.
Astraea smiled dropped as she ducked her eyes from me.  I bet if she’d been mortal, a blush would be forming up her cheeks right now.
“Have I embarrassed you?” 
She shook her head.  “No, you haven’t.  It’s just I’ve never heard anyone speak to me that way.  I like it.”
“Don’t tell me the Gods live by a virginity code.” I teased.  It would really fit the myths of mortals if the Gods were all work and no play.  Sounds like a pretty boring life to me.
Astraea tapped my hand playfully.  “Do not turn your nose up at us.  I have you to know that Gods throw the best parties and sometimes they can get pretty wild.”
“How wild?”
The two of us turned towards the cabin.  Dyos stood leaning against the stone, his ankles crossed and a smirk on his face. At the sight of him, Astraea grew embarrassed and her eyes darted around for a place to hide.  I shot Dyos a look of annoyance and I knew he was trying to make her uncomfortable on purpose.
“When did you come out here?  I thought you were sleep.”
“I was.  But Grethen’s loud snoring woke me up.  I noticed you were gone and came to check on you.” Dyos walked over to us and tucked his hands in his pockets.  “You should have told me you were going out God hunting.  Hello.”
“Hello.” Astraea mumbled.
“So please continue with your story.  How wild does a God party get?”
I rolled my eyes.  “Don’t mind him.  He’s like annoying gnat, he’ll eventually go away.”
Dyos faked a gasp as Astraea laughed.  “I do not mind.  I’ve wanted to meet your friend.  I’ve seen him a few times with you, he’s quite the character.”
Dyos bowed at her compliment.  Standing back upright he asked, “So what are you two doing out here in the night.  You do know it’s against the rules of the King to be wandering around while everyone is asleep.”
“You’re one to talk.  You’ve broken that rule more than anyone I know.  Besides, Astraea was about to teach me how to block my thoughts.”
“Ooh magic tricks!” Dyos gushed.  He planted himself on a boulder near us.  “Let’s see then.”
Astraea looked at me and I sighed.  Dyos would not be leaving anytime soon and I knew I was partly to blame for it because of my disappearing act I’d done earlier with Samr.
“Let him stay.”
Astraea began to help me practice to block my thoughts as Dyos watched us.  We tried several times, the first couple of times proving to be quite difficult.  I never thought it would be this hard to simply block a thought from someone.  I’d done it before when it came to hiding information from my father, but for some reason I could not do it now.  We must have tried twenty more times before I finally got the hang of it.
After that, Astraea and I said our goodbyes.  I kissed her and she promised she would be back soon to see me.  We knew she had to be careful entering our world now that my father had plans to go to war with them.  Astraea disappeared in the sky, as Dyos and I headed back into the cabin to finally get some sleep.
 



TWENTY-THREE

The next morning we headed back towards the marketplace in Arwid.  There was only three days left until the plague would reach the world of Pearu.  Grethen had agreed to accompany us to the marketplace, but he drew the line there.  He had no intentions of going into the City of Pearu.  He didn’t want the chance of the King spotting him and arresting him for questioning.  After fixing us a heavy breakfast of more nymph, the three of us set out.
Dyos seemed to be in a much better mood today as he conversed with Grethen about his travels around the world of Pearu.  Grethen in returned shared with him his travels among the mortal world which Dyos found to be quite interesting.  The two had seemed to form a brotherhood somewhere between my shower and breakfast.  I hoped that the new brotherhood would be enough to help Grethen accompany us to battle.  It was a long shot, but stranger things in the world have happened.
“I wonder if that Orc is still there from yesterday.  I still would like some of that unicorn bread.” Dyos said.
“I tell you Dyos, the best thing to serve with unicorn bread is the nymph I made for you guys.”
“Enough talk of nymph you old fool.  Is that all you eat?  You should try more prime meats.”
“Nymph is all the prime meat that a demon should need.”
The two of them carried on like this until we made it back to the market.  We peered through the trees at the barters that were moving around the marketplace like normal.
“Wait here.” Grethen.  “I’ll go smooth things out with the locals.”
He left us concealed in the trees as he made his way over to some of the barters.  The barters gave him looks of relief that he was alive.  I could hear them questioning him on the events of yesterday.  Grethen assured them that it was all a big misunderstanding, mostly on his part.  I thought it was nice of him to take the blame.
“Listen to this old fool.” Dyos said.  “I can’t believe he’s taking the blame.”
“He’s  saving our throats.”
“He’s messing with our street cred is what he’s doing.”  Dyos complained.  “I’ve built a reputation here in Arwid and he’s messing up the works.”
“Dyos, do me a favor and be quiet.”
Dyos mumbled a smart comment as Grethen made his way back over to us.  It appeared that the barters decided to trust him.
“Come on out you two, they’re fine with you.”
We stumbled out the woods behind Grethen as he led us through the marketplace.  Dyos had stopped to buy bread from the Orc from yesterday until he remembered that he didn’t have any more money.  Now, he was in a sour mood, snapping at everyone that bumped into him.
“Grethen, where did you say the guy that might have the cure was located.” I asked.  We’d passed several booths, but none held the potions we were after.
“He is just up here.  He likes to be close towards the front of the marketplace for ailing customers.” 
We headed through the marketplace.  The crowd today was thinner compared to yesterday. Dyos seemed to have taken notice of it too, but he had yet to say something about it. I figured it had something to do with our actions yesterday, though I wasn’t sure.  We finally reached the front of the marketplace as we came to a table where another Orc was stationed.  We waited for him to get finish selling a potion to a customer before he turned to us.
“Grethen my boy, it’s good to see you in one piece.  Who do you have here with you?”
“The chasers from yesterday.  We’ve seen to come to an accord.”
“Ah!” said the Orc.  He reached up to scratch at the long strands of gray hair that hung from his chin.  His nails were long like mine, but while mine shined, his were covered in dirt and some sticky green residue.  “That is best thing to have with one’s enemy.  How can I be of service to you?”
“We’re looking for a cure.”  I said.  “A good friend of mine was attacked by a blade that was dipped in venom.  The beast the venom belongs to is unknown.  We’ve tried everything, but the healing potions we have only seemed to heal the wound for a few seconds before spreading worse.”
The Orc tapped his chin as he stared at me.  “This venom you speak of is not one that I have ran across.” He moved his hand off his chin and raised a finger.  “But that does not mean it doesn’t exist.”
The Orc turned towards the shelf at the back of his booth that was filled with books.  We waited as he thumbed through the material trying to find the right potion.  After going through four books, he finally found the one that he needed.
“Aha, I think I have a solution.  This potion is not a definite cure for whatever your friend has contacted, but it should work.”
“Are you positive?”  I asked.
“Of that I cannot be sure for I do not know the beast that attacked your friend.  However, this potion has been used on plenty unknown venoms and has removed them from injured creatures.  I’m sure it can do the same too.”
I figured the Orc was right.  This potion would be better than nothing.  I dare think how bad Kiowa’s wound has gotten since I’ve been gone.  I knew the medics were doing all they could for her, but I still wished I could just reach in and remove the poisonous stream from her body.  The Orc mixed up the ingredients needed for the potion and placed it inside of a clear bottle.  He handed it over to me and wrote down a set of instructions on a piece of parchment paper.
“Make sure to give your friend only three drops.  We don’t want to anger venom any more that necessary.”
“Thank you.” I said to him as Grethen handed him a bag of scales.  
“No worries, young demon.”  He opened the bag and sniffed the dragon scales.  Satisfied with payment, he turned his attention back to Grethen.  “Can I get you something today?  You haven’t been to see me in a while.”
“No thanks.  I won’t be around here for a while.”
“Very well then, we shall wish you on a safe journey.”
We left the Orc’s booth and took a few steps away from his booth.  Grethen’s words to the Orc played in my mind.  While Dyos went to go obtain a carriage, I turned to face Grethen.  “What do you mean you won’t be around for a while?  I thought you said you weren’t venturing to the City.”
“I’m not.  I’m heading back to Samr’s world.”
I knew it was coming, but I guess I wasn’t exactly ready for us to part ways.  I hadn’t grown an attachment or formed a brotherhood like he and Dyos had, but I still found him to be a good companion.  “Why are you leaving so soon?”
“My work here is done Aristaeus.  It’s time I return home to receive my next assignment.”
“Assignment?”
 “Surely you did not think that we met here by coincidence.”  Grethen chuckled.  “It’s time you start realizing that there are no such things as coincidences.  I knew you were coming to the marketplace to find Samr.  I just had to make it seem like I didn’t.  Samr sent me.”
“Why?”
“Because you were not ready to see her yet.  You needed to get the full story from someone else.  As you may have noticed, Samr does not like to spend too much time in this world.  We can’t chance Lilith or Eris spotting her.”
I sighed.  “I understand.  I just hoped that you would join us in the battle.”
“It is not my battle, though I do love a good fight.”
Dyos came back towards us as a carriage followed.  He still looked upset about not getting his bread, but I knew when we arrived in the City, he would be back to normal.
“What’s with the atmosphere?”
“Grethen is going home.” I told him.
I expected Dyos to take Grethen’s departure harder, but he didn’t.  He gave the demon a hug and patted his shoulder.  “I can’t believe you’re missing out on a good fight.  Listen if Samr doesn’t have plans for you, you should definitely come back and join us.”
Grethen laughed and patted Dyos head.  “You hellions take care.  The next couple of days are about to bring more pain and destruction than you’ve ever seen in your lives.  Dyos you make sure to stay by Aristaeus side.  He is going to need you if he is to succeed in his mission.”
“I will.”
Grethen patted both of our shoulders before walking off back towards his cabin.
“Can you believe that?  He’s just leaving us.  The least he could so was send us off with some bowls of nymph.  The manners of the elite were just completely wasted on him.”
I laughed at Dyos and headed towards the carriage.  We climbed in the carriage as it pulled us to a start and headed back to the City of Pearu.  The carriage headed down the dirt road of the countryside of Arwid as I pulled out the battle plans I’d kept on me.  My journals were lost, but since they were new, I could always rewrite my entries.
“So my father plans to open the Gates.”
“That’s what I got from the maps.  The drawings on the map indicated the different places the creatures of Pearu would head in the mortal world.  His battle plan seems to include spreading out the guards so they can take on the Gods one on one.”
I sighed.  “My father has lost all sense lately.  There may be few Gods, but they are powerful.  It would not take them long to destroy his demon guards and move on to the next one.  Not to forget, the archangels and the guild.  This battle will not take long to be over.  I just hate that with it, there will be mortal casualties.”
“What do you mean mortal casualties?”
“Do you honestly expect my father to have fair fight?  He’s been brewing up potions to possess Eris powers.  I’m sure he hasn’t quite captured the powers she possesses— but he has captured something.  He’s been waiting for this battle for a while.  He won’t go in empty handed.”
“Let’s just hope you can change his mind when you tell him about the plague.  That should become first priority.  You just have to find a way to convince him without mentioning Samr.”
“Believe me I’m hurting my head trying to think of a way.  Did you gather anymore information while you were digging?”
“Yes, I did.” Dyos reached into his coat pocket and removed some folded parchment paper.  “I found a list of names of the soldiers being used in the battle.  I also found out that your father has been digging into the two places where you said the portals were at.  I think he’s trying to find another way outside of the world into the mortal world.”
“I told him those portals are no longer there.  Does he not listen to me?”
“Of course he doesn’t.  I thought you would have learned that by now.”
I folded the papers and handed them over to Dyos.  He would keep them safe while I was at the palace.  “It does not matter.  He won’t find anything.  Let’s just keep focus on Lilith.  She’s the reason I’m here.  She’s the enemy.”

Dyos and I talked with each other as we left Arwid and headed for the City.  Dyos eventually grew tired of all the battle talk and took a nap.  I took the time to finish reading the novel that Grethen had allowed me to hold.  He’d given me two more books saying that he’d already read those.  I was happy to take them off my hand.  Skimming through the book, I found myself becoming lost in the fiction story about a woman who seemed to possess the powers of four creatures such as a wolf, witch, fairy, and vampire.  I followed her journey as she came to terms with what she was as she searched for more like her, leading them into a world of safety.  Somewhere along the lines, we’d arrived in the City.  The carriage headed down the cobblestone street coming to a stop near the many shops.  I shook Dyos awake and put away my book.  He woke up and stretched, his mouth stretching wider than that of a lion.
“Are you sure you do not wish for the carriage to take you home?”
“No thanks.  I plan on enjoying a few drinks and the company of a lady.  After all, tomorrow isn’t promised.”
He exited the carriage and bowed to me.  The door closed as the carriage pulled back to a start taking me to the palace.  I held the potion in my hand as I said a silent prayer that it would work and save Kiowa.  I knew it was abnormal for a creature of my kind to pray for the wellbeing of another, but I was hoping the Creator take pity on me and save the only mother that I’ve ever knew.
The carriage ride to the palace came to a stop.  The door to the carriage opened as the guard bent to bow to me. “Welcome home, your highness.”
I stepped out of the carriage as he closed the door.  “Where are my parents?”
“The King is in a meeting with The Courant.  The Queen is still in bed.”
“She hasn’t gotten any better.” I asked.
“It appears not your highness.”
Dryness strangled my throat as I tried to push away the dark feelings.  I couldn’t let these feeling attack me.  It would have me depressed and then no one would be able to help her.  Getting control of myself, I headed into the palace.  The servants were hurried back and forth with candles and dinner plates.  They were all in a panic and I knew that The Courant would be spending a night in the palace.  I headed up to Kiowa’s room with the potion in my hand.  The door was already opened and the smell of death hit me.  Kiowa lay still in the bed as I felt myself come to a stop.  For a minute, I feared I was too late.  But Kiowa’s head turned in my direction and she smiled.
“You’re home.”
Giving her a shaky smile, I hurried over to her side.  Her body was covered in sweat and as I touched her hand, I felt coldness. 
“Where is the medic?  Why isn’t anyone in here with you?” 
“Do not cause a fuss Aristaeus.  Your father has them preparing rooms and dinner for The Courant.  They are planning to stay the night here at the palace.”
I felt anger surge in me towards my father.  Did he not care that his wife was lying in the bed rotting away.  No, all he seemed to care about was maintaining his manners as part of the elite.  
“I brought you something to help remove the venom.” I said to her.  I placed the potion on the side table and turned to help her sit up.  Kiowa had never been a heavy creature, but as I lifted her, I could literally feel the bones in her body.  She moaned in pain as I got her situated against the pillow.  Once I was done moving her, she sighed in relief.  I grabbed the potion bottle and unhooked the top.  Grabbing the dropper that was sitting in her table, I dipped it in the potion, filling it up.  Kiowa opened her mouth as I turned and hang the dropper over her mouth.  I squeezed releasing three drops as the Orc told me.  
“Thank you.” She breathed out.
“You do not have to thank me for trying to save your life.”
Kiowa smiled and grabbed my hand.  “Did you have a good time in Arwid?  I know Dyos was with you, his father called here in a rage I heard.”
“We didn’t have much time to relax like we usually did.  I went there to find the woman who sold you the moonstone ring.”
Kiowa stared at me.  “Did you find her?”
I didn’t want to worry Kiowa with what I’d learned, especially while she was in this state.  So I told her no.  I promised myself that when she got better, I would explain everything to her then.  But by that, she would probably already know the truth.  I couldn’t exactly hide an entire plague from her.  
I stayed with her a little longer catching up.  She missed her garden and being able to visit the library.  I promised her that I would go down and pick out some of her favorite flowers.  The servants had only brought dragon lilies.  They didn’t seem to have a clue what their Queen seemed to love.  I couldn’t blame them, they were new.  Kiowa finally fell asleep and I left her room.
I headed downstairs to my father’s study.  There were several guards standing outside the door, some ours and some guards of The Courant.  I walked up towards the door but one of the guards put his hand up.
“I’m sorry Prince. The King has asked not to be disturbed.”
“I’m just going in to let him know that I am home.”
“The King already knows that you are home.  He asked for you to wait in the library.  He will meet with you once he is done with his meeting.”
I rolled my eyes at the guard.  My impulses made me want to push him to the side and enter despite what he was telling me, but I would not win any points over with my father.  I needed him calm for when I told him about the plague.  Deciding to give up, I left and headed towards my quarters.  I had no intentions of going to the library at the moment.  I made my way to my room and closed and locked the door.  I made sure my windows were closed and that there were no lingering servants in my bathroom.  When the coast was clear, I made my way to the center of the room.  Closing my eyes, I decided to practice calling forth my powers.  When it came to swords, battle axes, and hand to hand combat, I was a professional.  However, with my new change, it brought new powers.
Concentrating, I allowed myself to breathe in and out.  Images of Eris using her powers seemed to motivate me.  I pulled up images on the way she moved her face or the way she positioned her hands.  I pushed myself further by thinking of the pain she caused Kiowa.  At first, there was nothing.  There was no power coming from my hand, and then, there was a change in the atmosphere.  My room felt as if it was running with bolts of electricity.  Shock waves surged through my body as I felt a tingling in my hand.  I opened my eyes and stared at the floating white ball in my hand.  The ball lifted and hovered slightly in my hand.  My moonstone ring shined with bright light as well.
I pushed my hand out as the ball left my hand.  The ball flew out my hand across the room.  The light smashed into the figurines in my room, knocking them into pieces as they fell to the floor.  The ball caught on the ends of the Pearu crest tapestry also that hung on my wall.  The tapestry lit up in flames as I stared in shock.  Grabbing the washing bowl off the counter, I hurried to my bathroom and filled it in water.  By the time I made it back to my room, the flames had made it halfway up the tapestry.  I tossed the water on the tapestry completely putting it out.
A knock sounded at my door making me jump.  I tossed the bowl to the side and tried to fan the burning smell away.  The knock sounded again.  The smell would not leave, and I could not make it.  Hurrying over to the door, I pulled it open.  I blocked the entrance of my room and stared at the servant.
“Yes, what is it?”
“The King requested your presence.”
I slid through the door making sure to block the view.  The servant gave me a concerned glance but did not say anything.  “Lead the way.”
The servant led me down the stairs to the library.  She opened the door and stepped to the side as I stepped in.   My eyes went around the room until I spotted my father on the second floor.  I made my way up the curved staircase to the second floor.  My father stood in front of one of the shelves, his attention on whatever book he was reading.  I came to a stop in front of him.
“Father.”
“I thought I told you to wait for me in here.”
“I had to take care of something.  You did not wait very long.”
My father shut the book he was reading.  He turned to place it on the shelf.  “Did you enjoy your trip?”
“It was eventful.”  I said not giving him much.  “Why did you call all the servants away from mother?  She needs them more than ever now.”
“Aristaeus, we have to keep to the rules despite any tragedies that have taken place in the palace.  We do not lose ourselves just because we are experiencing hardships.”
“You care more about the elite than your wife who is lying in your bed dying!”
My father shot me a harden glare.  So apparently he was aware of Kiowa’s condition.  It just seemed The Courant was more important than her at the moment.  “Your mother will be fine.  What she needs is sleep.  She doesn’t need you hovering over her babying her every second of the day.  You went to Arwid and got the cure didn’t you?”
“I got a cure.  It’s not definite that it will help.”
“Well we’ll just have faith.  Do not let your emotions get the best of you.”
I wanted to tell him that he was the one to talk.  He was allowing his emotions for Eris and all these attacks drive him to do insane things.  He had lost what he once stood for and was now making careless mistakes.  
“Why are The Courant here?” I asked.  “Did something happen?”
My father walked past me tucking his hands behind his back.  I followed behind him.  “We are meeting to discuss battle plans and the future of Pearu.”
“So you’re really going to go through with this.”
“Aristaeus, the time has come that we stand up against these Gods.  We have bowed down and took their criticism since the day our worlds were created.  I will not let my people submit to these righteous winged beasts any longer.”
I scoffed and came to a stop.  “Who fed you that speech?  Was it The Courant or was it all the rumors around Pearu calling you weak?”
My father came to a stop.  His shoulders were raised high.  “I do not expect you to understand.  You’ve changed so of course you will side with them.”
“Cut the nonsense father.  I thought this was a suicide mission before I changed and I still think so.  You are going to lead our world into misfortune.  I will not stand for it!”
 My father turned on around his eyes wide.  I could sense the anger in him as his true face broke through his mortal one.  “How dare you question me?  I am King!   I have ruled this world far longer than you have ever been thought of.  You will not go against me.  You will join us to fight the Gods!”
“There are more important things than fighting the Gods!” I yelled back.
I stared across at my father.  My true face had emerged as well.  It seemed to bring shock to my father.  I guess he thought with my change, that part of me would not be shown again.  It was enough to get him back into control.  His face settled back into mortal form as he smoothed out his blazer.
“What are you trying to tell me?” He said once he was back in control.
My face had retreated as well as I tamed the anger in me.  “Father, I know why Lilith has shown herself in Pearu.  She plans to release a plague in Pearu.”
“Plague?  What do you mean plague?”
“Eris has found the Cosmic Orb that her father was once assigned to guard.  The Cosmic Orb has been tainted with a spell that would only open once it had received a certain amount of mortal souls.  That is why she had Lilith break into the vault at Belham’s.  She needed the souls for the orb.  If she releases this plague in Pearu.  It will be the end of our world.”
“Where did you get this information?”
This is where things got hard.  I couldn’t tell my father that I’d learn this from Samr or Grethen without causing another alarm in him.  
“I learned this while I was in Arwid.”
My father scoffed and began to chuckle.  “Are you listening to wild tales now Aristaeus?”
“It is not a tale.  This plague is real and it will be here in four days.”
“This is why you are not ready to be King yet.  You go around believing every little thing someone tells you.  I would think with your transformation that you would wise up and learn to take your position seriously.  There is no such thing as a Cosmic Orb.  Whoever told you this was probably recognized that you were of elite and wanted some dragon scales from you.”
I shook my head in frustration.  “This is not about money father.  You said yourself that you found it strange that The Rogue would choose this moment to suddenly appear.  You can’t believe that this all about coincidence.  Eris has planned this ever since she was cast to live in this world.  She wants to see this world destroyed.”
“See that is where you’re wrong.  Eris would never destroy a world she worked so hard to build up.  It would all be a waste of time.  She is after the throne. She always has been.  And with the way you’re acting, she is going to end up getting it before you do.  Now I want you to drop this nonsense about this plague.”
“You’re making a big mistake father.  This plague is coming and if you don’t prepare yourself for it, you will go down as the King who let the world of Pearu meet its end.”
My father and I stared each other down.  I knew he didn’t want a reputation as such.  I saw him think over what I said.  He considered that maybe I was on to something.  Maybe Eris was trying to destroy Pearu along with all the other worlds.  Just as soon as I thought he’d come to terms and believe me, I watch distrust enter his eyes again.
“I’m sorry son, but I am not going to call forth any guards for a fake mission that does not exist when we have a real one waiting for us.”
 “Then I request to call forth and train my own guards for this mission.”
“Request denied.” My father said.
“Well then I will go at it alone then.  It seems I am going to have to be the one to save our world from your mistakes.”
“You will do no such thing.  You will forget this heresy and you will join us in battle against the Gods.  It’s time you’re proved your loyalty to me and to the world of Pearu.”
I stared at my father as an unsettling feeling went through me.  I had a feeling what he was about to say, but I prayed that he wouldn’t say it.  “What do you mean father?”
“It’s time you to choose between the two.  It’s time you accept your demon side fully.”
There was silence between us as the weight of his words weighed down on my shoulders.  Like Zeus, he was giving me an ultimatum.  He was asking me to claim my demon side, not only proving to him that I was his son, but that I was choosing the creatures of Pearu over Astraea.  He hadn’t accepted her like I thought he would.  He still hated her and he still despised what I’d become.  He did not care how this kind of decision could torment me.  He proved it by the smirk that was on his face.
Feeling as if I was about to collapse, I said, “I’m sorry father, but I cannot do that.”
The smirk dropped off my father’s face.  He stared at me in shock as if I had just betrayed him.  In a way, I had.  I’d chosen what I believed in over his foolish mission.  I’d chosen Astraea over him, and my mother.  It hurt me to have to make that decision, but I could not accept being a full demon.  I was never a full Hell Demon to begin with.  I was here on a mission.  No matter how I felt about my parents, I could not be swayed for it.
“Guards!” My father suddenly called.
I stared at him in confusion as guards entered the room.  They came rushing in at the sound of the King’s voice expecting to find an intruder.  At the sight of us standing there, they came to a stop behind the King, their weapons still raised.
“I hereby charge, Prince Aristaeus Priam, betrayer of the King, enemy of Pearu.  I hereby ban him from the world of Pearu, forever.”
The shock that went through the room at the King words rooted everyone into place.  The guard’s mouths opened and closed as they stared from the King to me.  They’d often seen the King giving me different punishments, but he always forgave me.  But to be banned from the world of Pearu, to be outcast and labeled as a betrayer and enemy forever, seemed to be unheard of.  I was his son.  I wasn’t some criminal on the streets of Arwid.
“Father.” I pleaded.  The hurt in my voice was evident.  I knew it hurt him for me to choose to remain a Sacrilege, but I never thought he would react in this way.  He hated me enough to ban me from the only world I knew and from my mother.  He was separating me from Kiowa at a time when she needed me the most.
Turning on his heels, my father said, “Take him away.  I want him out of my world now.”
The guards got over their shock and rushed forward.  Staring at my father’s back, I realize that we would have to be enemies from now on.  Not being one to be captured by my enemy, I dodged the hands of the guards.  I didn’t want to kill any of the guards, but I wouldn’t let them harm me as well. I escaped the hands of the guards, knocking one over to the rest.  My father stood off to the side as I raced to the door.  I took one more glance at him and left the room.
“Capture him!” Shouted my father.
As I ran into the hallway towards the front door, more guards joined the fray.  I hit them in places that would cause them to stop as I continued to run.  I raced down the steps of the palace and down the driveway towards the bridge.  Coming to the bridge, I removed my demos and sliced the roped.  The bridge rope snapped as the bridge hurled down.  Glancing up at the palace, I saw Kiowa standing in the window staring down at me.  From here I could see her eyes filled with tears.  Placing my fingers together, I curled my pointer and thumbs until the shape resembled a heart.  The other fingers touched each other tips.  
Seeing the guards coming down the stairs, I raced across the bridge and away from the only home I knew.   The guards chased me through the City as citizens moved to the side.  All around me true faces emerged at the rush of a kill about to happen.  I circled behind one of the stone buildings and hid behind a barrel of fruit.  The guards raced past not seeing me in the alley.  I was out of the clear or so I thought until a hand clamped down on my shoulder.  I turned to dispatch my attacker when I saw who it was.
“Grethen, what are you doing here?”
Grethen smiled down at me.  “I decided to take your friend Dyos up on his offer.  What kind of demon would I be if I didn’t join a battle?”
I stared at Grethen thankful that he’d decided to stay.  I could use an ally since it seemed I was now surrounded by a world of enemies. 
 
      




TWENTY-FOUR

Grethen and I made it through the City without attracting the attention of any of the guards.  My father had worked fast in getting out wanted posters throughout the City, promising citizens a nice size bag of dragon scales.  He was trying to force me out by shutting off any places that I would usually hold up in.  It was a good plan.  I knew my so called friends in this world would be happy to trade me in to the King for the amount of scales he was offering.  They were poor citizens that had to feed their family and when it came to things like that, friends did not matter.
“In here.” Grethen said ducking through the back door of a building.  “We’ll be safe here.  The owner is in Mayur visiting relatives.”
“How do you know?” I asked once we were fully in.  “Is Samr helping us?”
“Samr is always helping.”
We made our way through the shop away from the back door.  Grethen headed towards the front and peered out the window.  I glanced out the other side.  The streets were filled with citizens as they stood in groups watching the guards patrol up and down the streets.  A couple of them held my wanted poster in their hand as they chatted animatedly about it.
“I have to get word to Dyos.  I worry that my father will capture him just in case I try to make contact with him.”
“Your father won’t harm Dyos.” Grethen said stepping back from the window closing the curtain.  “His father is the General and he needs to stay in his good graces.  But you are right.  We need to get Dyos and head to Arwid.  We won’t be safe in the City for too long.  I have a feeling that your father will keep day running until he finds you.”
“Won’t the guards find me in Arwid?”
“Arwid is a close tight community.   Even though your father is the King, he does not get much pull around there.  The citizens do not even respect their own Prince.  Arwid do what they want without asking permission.  If I ask them to, they will hide us.  We will be safe there.”
I nodded and walked over to a stool and sat down.  My thoughts were streaming with different emotions as I tried not to break down in front of Grethen.  I always joked with Dyos about the day my father would disown me, but I never thought it would happen.  I never thought that he would grow such a hate that he would actually ban me away from Pearu.  Maybe he never cared for me at all.  I was only an irritating puzzle to him that he had to find out the answers to.  My felt suddenly felt dry as I stood up.  I thought I was going to suffocate.
Grethen placed a hand on my shoulder.  “It is okay Aristaeus.  It is okay to cry.”
And I did.  Tears streamed down my face as I finally broke down.  Everything that had I’d carefully locked away finally unleash and came down on me.  My shoulders shook in spasms as I laid my head on the counter.  Grethen patted my shoulder throughout it all not saying anything.  He knew this was something that had been harboring in me and that I needed to get out.  As I cried, I was aware that there was someone else crying.  I stopped my sobs some so I could hear.  It was the voice of a woman as she cried. I realized it was Samr.  Samr was crying with me.  It wasn’t much, but it was enough to cause me to stop crying.  I didn’t want to hear her crying.  I couldn’t handle it.  Wiping my face, I sat up.    
“Feel better?” Grethen asked stepping back to allow me to stand.
“Much better.”
“Good.  I don’t want you to worry about getting the letter to Dyos.  I will go and get him myself.  When we return, we will head to Arwid.  In the meantime, pack up some things we might need in here on our trip.”
I nodded.  “Thank you Grethen.”
“You’re welcome, your highness.”
I stared at Grethen as he bowed to me.  Standing back upright, he gave me a smile and turned to head back out the back door.  “I won’t be long.”  The door closed behind him and I was left alone in silence.  I couldn’t believe that Grethen had bowed to me.  He had never shown any respect for my father or The Courant, but here he was bowing to me and calling me in a manner of the elite.
Moving around the store, I searched through the jars that were on the cupboard.  We would need some things to barter.  I didn’t have any money and I doubt Dyos would have time to grab any once Grethen arrived.  I couldn’t count on the money that Grethen had on him either.  It seemed he made most of his money in the marketplace.  We would have to do the same. I found a couple of things that we could use with us on our trip.  Grabbing a bag from behind the counter, I filled the sack with jam, cloth, medicine, and other materials.  By the time I was done, and had filled two bags, the back door opened revealing Grethen along with Dyos.
“Aristaeus!  Are you okay?” Dyos said rushing towards me.  “I heard what happened from my father.  I can’t believe the King has resorted to doing this.”
“Join the club friend.”
“Well did you at least have the chance to give Kiowa the potion?”
“Yes, I gave her the required drops.  But I did not get to say goodbye to her.  Everything happened so fast.” I said.
Dyos put a hand on my shoulder to comfort me.  I hated that I was pulling him from his family and knew it would cause problems for him when he returned.  However, he didn’t seem to mind it.
“We can catch up and chat later.  We need to get out of the City now.” Grethen said.  He grabbed one of the bags and Dyos grabbed the other one.  “Aristaeus, you are the best fighter out of us, we will need you to be armed.”
“Okay.”
“Let’s go.”
We left out the back door and headed back into the alley.  The streets were still filled with noise as we inched towards the opening of the alley, keeping behind some discarded cases and garbage.
“We’ll have to Camden Street instead of the main road.  The main road will be under heavy surveillance by the guards.”
“Wouldn’t they be watching Camden Street as well?” Dyos asked. 
“Not really.  The guards and the kingdom have forgotten about Camden Street since Zobyverth was captured by the Gods.  Many believe the street to be curse so they avoid it.  They won’t remember the street until it’s too late.  By then we’ll already be heading out of the City.”
Deciding to follow Grethen, we waited until the streets were clear before heading across.  We kept our head down as we passed different creatures.  I was thankful that I hadn’t changed back into the palace colors like I started to when I arrived.  I was still dressed in the blazer I’d worn when I last been in Arwid.  We made it to Camden Street without any trouble.   Instead of walking like we’d been doing, we ran.  Camden Street was a very long road that curved around a group of trees hiding us from the view of the main road.  We wouldn’t stop running until we felt that we were completely covered from the sight of the guards.
Our boots hit the ground as we ran keeping in pace with each other.  We took turns glancing behind us to make sure we weren’t being followed.  The view of the City began to disappear as we reached the curve of the road.  The view completely disappeared the further we got away from the main streets.  We were about to slow to a stroll when we heard the sound of a horn being blown.
“Someone must have spotted us!” Dyos said turning around his eyes large.
“We can’t worry about that.” Grethen said.  “Run!”
We ran quickly down the road as the King’s horn bellowed throughout the City.  I could hear the faint sound of hooves and the excited cheers of the crowd.  The noise wasn’t close but it was close enough.  We ran until we finally reached the outskirts of the City.  Ahead there was a cabin that loaned carriages. 
“Look carriages, we can get one.” Dyos said.
I shook my head.  “No, my father would have already made contact to them.  Our best bet is to keep close to the ground until we get to that forest area.” I said pointing.  “We get in that forest area— we might have a chance in making it to Arwid.”
“He’s right.  The guards won’t search the forests.”
The three of us moved to the right side of the road and camouflaged ourselves in the grass.  The grass was high enough to hide us as we made our way pass the cabin.  There was a Chimera on the porch holding a battle axe.  His eyes scanned the road, not even noticing us move pass him.  Once we were out of his sight, we stood and entered the drapery of the forest.

The journey to Arwid this time was a long one since we were on foot.  The sound of the following guards and carriages had ceased after being in the forest for a while.  It was safe to say that that they’d assumed we’d gone another way.  When we finally made it to Arwid, we were sore and in need of much rest.  As Grethen had said, the guards of Prince Jobson were nowhere to be found.  The majority of his guard were probably already in the City to assist the King in his battle, he would not send the last few he had just in case Lilith or Eris made an appearance.  We wouldn’t have to worry about him for long either.  As the last remaining Prince, he would be joining my father in the battle against the Gods.
The marketplace was still in full force as we made our way through.  
“Grethen!”
We turned to see the Orc who’d sold us the potion for Kiowa.  He came from behind his booth leaving his customer behind.
“I’m glad you’re here.  Eris was here!”
“What?’ I said staring at the Orc.  “Are you sure it was Eris and not someone else?”
“It was the Queen.  Earlier today after you guys pulled out of here.  She tried to enter the marketplace but we stood strong against her.  We knew that she was here to recruit more soldiers.  We’re not dumb.  We heard what happened to her soldiers that attacked the palace.  They were left to die by the hands of the Gods.  We will not serve a coward like her.” The Orc said.
“You mean she allowed you guys to live.” Dyos asked surprised.  “I thought she would have surely killed anyone that seemed to get in her way.”
“She would have, but for some reason I don’t think she wanted to attract too much attention.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Well she wasn’t with any soldiers.  She had only had one creature with her, but there was something strange about him.”
“Strange how.”
The Orc stared at us as if he was afraid to say.  More so, it seemed that he was embarrassed. 
“Don’t withhold information Orc, tell us about the creature.” Grethen fussed.
“The creature that I saw with Eris, he wasn’t a Creature of the Damned.  He was something else.  He was very tall and he seemed older than the creatures here in Pearu.  Even stranger, his eyes changed every second he blinked.  Like yours.” The Orc pointed.
We stared at the Orc before turning to each other.  It couldn’t be.
“Are you sure?” I asked the Orc.  “Are you sure the creature eyes changed colors?”
The Orc rolled his eyes and gave his bumpy leg a stomp.  “I think I know what I saw.  That creature had eyes that changed colors like a rainbow.  He wasn’t a creature of Pearu.  Maybe he was a fairy.  I heard they exist you know.  I ‘ve read books about them.”
The three of us tuned out the Orc as he rattled on about fairies and the bags of gold they carried around with them.
“A God, here in Pearu.” Dyos said.  “And not just that, he’s with Eris.”
“Something about this isn’t right.” Grethen said staring at me.  He was right.  What was a God doing here in Pearu with Eris.  It didn’t add up.
“Well didn’t Samr tell you something?” Dyos said to Grethen.  “She sent you back here but she didn’t tell you about the God being here.”
“She does not tell me everything!” Grethen argued back.  “She has her reasons.”
“I am sure.” 
“Enough.” I said getting in between them.  “It won’t do for us to stand here and discuss this where anyone could hear.  We’ll head to Grethen’s cabin.”
I walked away from them as they followed behind me.  My eyes scanned the crowd trying to see if I could catch a glimpse of Eris or even the God in the crowd.  Maybe they would have stayed around to show their face to me.  But I knew that if a God was here, he didn’t remain long.  We reached Grethen’s cabin that was hidden in the forest and came to as stop.  
“What happened here?” Dyos said stepping in front of me.
I withdrew my demos and stopped him.  “Wait.  We don’t know if there is someone lurking around here.”
Grethen’s once nicely built cabin was now in ruins.  There was a big hole in the side of the cabin and the door was crumbled into pieces in front of the entrance.  As we peered through the opening we could see the place was completely wrecked.  Papers, books, and dishes were thrown around the room.  Someone was in search of something.
The sound of someone coming behind us put us all on alert.  We turned withdrawing our weapons preparing to fight when the same Orc appeared out of the forest.
“I forgot to tell you about your cabin, but it slipped my mind.”
“Who did this?” Grethen asked.
“Eris and that creature did.”
“I thought you said that they didn’t enter the marketplace.” I said.
“They didn’t enter it.  They turned to leave and were gone for quite a while to the point that everything went back to normal.  But as I was making my way to the meat booth, I heard a crashing sound.  Me and Ariston heard the noise and came to check it out.  When we got here we saw Eris standing outside the cabin.  The creature came out from inside of the cabin.  The two exchanged words and then they both teleported away.”
Grethen thanked the Orc for his information as I stared at the cabin.
“What does this mean Aristaeus?”  Dyos questioned.
“It means one of the Gods, is a betrayer.” 
      

      



 
 


  



TWENTY-FIVE

Since we could no longer stay at Grethen’s house, the Orc offered us a place to stay with his family.  He introduced himself as Bahmel and was over one hundred years old.  He was a chatty creature, and often sparked up the conversation among us.  We didn’t seem to mind since our thoughts were turned to something else anyhow.  Bahmel, led us to his house that was right behind the marketplace.  His cabin was about the same size as Grethen’s had been, but where Grethen’s had been plain with not a hint of life, Bahmel’s was the exact opposite.  A colorful red curtain hung in the windows as colorful flowers covered the front lawn.  There was a small brown wooden fence around his house that had small shrunken skulls at the top.  
“Here’s home sweet home.” Bahmel sang.  He opened the fence door and held it open for us to come through.  Entering the yard, Bahmel walked over to his front door and opened it.  The smells of stew and something sweet wafted in the air.  “Gain I’m home.”
A female Orc came around the corner holding a sharp knife.  We all tensed expecting trouble. 
“Not to be alarmed demon bloods, she’s harmless.”  Bahmel walked over to his wife and planted a kiss on her cheek.  “Gain, we will be having company for tonight.”
“Ah, well come in, I was just preparing dinner and some tarts.”
We entered into the comfortable home and looked around.  The living room had more pieces than Grethen’s living room, and even a nice lit fireplace.  In the corner two small size Orcs played with some clay figures that were covered in different color paints.
“Does anybody else find this whole scene strange?” Dyos whispered to us.  “It seems so, mortal.”
I had to agree with Dyos on that.  I’d been around mortals long enough and even stalled some time by watching them interact and go about their daily routine.  This scene in front of me was so similar to that.  It wasn’t a bad thing— it was just weird to see such a thing in the world of Pearu.
“I take it you demon bloods would like to sit and have your meeting.” Bahmel said.
“If you have somewhere we can converse with each other for a little while, a small room would be fine.” I said.  
“We sure do, follow me.”
Bahmel led us down the hall as his wife stared at us with a smile on her face.  There was a room on the left side of the hall that Bahmel led us too.  Opening the door, we realized that it was the small Orcs room.  There were wooden beds on opposites sides of the room, in the middle of the room was a small table that was covered in books, parchment, and coloring pens.  Bahmel walked over and lit a lantern to brighten up the room a bit more.  He also closed the curtains to the window so no one could happen to glance in.
“Will this do?”
“It’ll be fine.” I said.
Dyos and Grethen placed their bags down as we stood in the room waiting for Bahmel to depart.  After a couple of seconds, it seemed he was not leaving.
“Bahmel, do you mind giving us a minute?” Grethen asked.
“Oh, but of course.  Before I leave though, I would like you guys to know.  If it’s a battle you’re preparing for, you can count me in.”
We looked at each other and back at Bahmel.
“Why would you want to join a battle?” Dyos asked.  “If it’s a battle you want, the King will have one in a couple of days.”
Bahmel waved his hand.  “The King is a jester.  I’ve never liked him.  He had good ideas to bring forth some policy in this world, but he’s feeble.  That is one thing I liked about Eris, she ruled with a strong iron fist.  The King would have been better off being a researcher or one of those Courant members he loves so dearly.  I want to join a battle that will actually bring change.”
“What do you mean by change?”
“I know you Hell Demons aren’t use to a real family.  I could tell it by the way you reacted when you entered my home.  We seem like mortals don’t we?”  We shifted around as Bahmel continued.  “That’s because we like mortals.”
“What?”  Dyos said.  “What do you mean like?”
“You two might not understand, but Grethen and I have been around far longer than you have.  We were around when it was okay to enter the mortal world.  I don’t know how it was for Grethen, but being in the mortal world meant more to me than being there to cause chaos.  I loved the way they showcased their emotions and the way they thought.  They adored their families, and actually spent time with their children.  When have you ever known a blood relation in Pearu to actually spend time with their children?  We don’t.  We have our spawns and allow them to fend for themselves.  I’m not sorry and I won’t apologize for the way I feel.  I know I’m not the only one that feels this way as well.  There are others in Arwid that feel this way, even our Prince relates to us, which is why he doesn’t run off to the City as much.  The King would smell it on him.”
“Do not worry Bahmel, we will not look down on you.” I said.  Dyos shot me a look as to say “speak for yourself”.   
“What are you asking of us Bahmel?”  Grethen said folding his arms.  “Why not go to your Prince and tell him you want change?”
“Hey I said the Prince could relate to us but I didn’t say he was suicidal.  He knows not to go up against the King with information like this.  But you Hell Demons aren’t like that.  I could sense it from the moment you came to my booth this morning.  I could hear the love you had for your comrade that had fallen sick.  No one in Pearu comes to get potions for others unless they are going to sell them.  I knew you three were different.  You three look set on a mission, and I can tell that you were willing to risk your life for whatever it is you’re planning.  When you came back here, you confirmed it.  It is then that I decided I would join you.  If you could bring changes to Pearu, I would follow you into purgatory’s gate myself.”
I didn’t have a clue on what to say and it seemed that the others didn’t either.  Giving us a bow of his head, Bahmel left out the room closing the door behind him.  We stood there in silence for a few moments until Grethen spoke.
“We’re on the right course.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.  
“Samr spoke to me about you.  She said you would bring change, and with it you will obtain followers.”
Dyos laughed.  “Of course my friend will have followers, he has me with him.  The question is, will any of these followers be females?”
Grethen laughed as I shook my head.  Leave it to Dyos to lighten up the atmosphere.
I sat down on one of the beds.  “We need to figure out how we’re going to do this.  We have two battles we have to worry about while trying to remain hidden from my father’s guards.”
“You’re looking at this wrong Aristaeus.” Grethen said.  “You should take Bahmel up on his offer.  We won’t be able to handle a battle alone with just the three of us.  We can dispatch a few soldiers, but knowing Eris, she’s going to have a couple of Giants.  It’s one of her favorite cards to pull, and you know like I know, the Giants take a while to put down.”
“So what am I supposed to do, head in the marketplace and ask who wants to join me in a battle against the King and the dethroned queen?  I won’t ask them to risk their lives for me.”
“This is far bigger than you Aristaeus.  This world is at stake.  We can’t count on the King’s mindset any longer, and there is no way we will let Eris take the throne.  It only leaves you.  You have to be the one to convince the creatures of Pearu to join you.  Bahmel’s right about the citizens of Arwid.  They despise both the King and Eris.  If you give them a reason to join you, they will.”
I nodded as I took in what Grethen was saying.  It seemed he believe that I could lead our people into salvation.  But did he believe because Samar said it, or did he truly gain enough from watching me that made him believe.
The door opened to the room as Gain shuffled in the room.
“I’m sorry to interrupt you but I have prepared supper.”
Dyos was the first one to jump up, followed by Grethen.  I stayed behind a minute.  Closing my eyes, I thought about Kiowa and whether the potion had worked on her.  She’d been in the window which meant she had enough strength to stand.  I convinced myself that after all of this was over— I would have the chance to see her again.  I then thought of the God that had been here.  I wanted to speak with Astraea about this, but I didn’t want to put her in danger.  If there was a God helping Eris, than he would be listening to see if anything about him would be mentioned.  He would definitely be watching Astraea and Zeus.   They’d been in Pearu more than enough times lately.
Dyos stuck his head through the door.  “Are you coming?  I don’t want to be left at the table alone with these creatures.”
“I’m coming.”
I got up and followed Dyos into the kitchen where the Orcs and Grethen were seated at the table.  I grabbed the seat beside Dyos as we sat down.  The table was covered with more food than I ever seen.  The only time the palace had several dishes on the table was when we were having guests over.  The Orcs table had two different types of meat, some side vegetables, and some of that unicorn bread that Dyos seemed to want.
As Gain passed me a bowl of carrots, Dyos leaned over to whisper in my ear.  “What is it with Arwid barters always serving nymph and seaweed tea?”
I laughed.  “You’re one to talk.  Your mother is always serving eel.”
“That is because eel is good and is a prime meat.  This is ridiculous.”
“They have guppy, you like that right?”
Dyos shook his head as if I didn’t get it.  He was right, I didn’t get it.  Food was food.  
We finished dinner and surprisingly it was very delicious.  The Orcs turned out to be great houseguests as they talked with us about their time in the City and the things that they missed in the world of Pearu.  I believed that Bahmel had told his wife what we discussed, because every now and then she would shoot me looks out the corner of her eye.  I said nothing to this hoping no one else would pick it up, but of course Dyos did.  However, he said nothing on the situation either. 
Gain retreated down the hall with her children as we settled down in the living room.  I had been right about my father not calling it a night.  The sky was still as light as it was this morning when I’d gotten up.  The whole thing irritated me.  I know he wanted me in his custody, but he could have at least showed some consideration to Kiowa in her state or at least for the citizens.
“So, have you made a decision on whether I could join you on your journey?”
“What about your wife Bahmel?” I asked.  “Wouldn’t she be worried that you’re leaving her behind?”
“Gain understands that in order to bring change, there will have to be certain sacrifices.”
“Well welcome aboard Bahmel.” Grethen said shaking the Orcs hand.  We filled Bahmel on everything making sure to keep Samr out of it.  He remained quiet throughout it all only mumbling sounds of agreement here and there.  I even told him who I was.  He seemed to be shock to see the King’s son in his home. He seemed even more shock that the King had banned me from Pearu just because I would not fight with him in the battle against the Gods.
“What is the King thinking?  Does he realize the Gods have power that we cannot even imagine?  I hate bowing down to them just as much as he does, but I know not to go up against one of them.” 
I opened my mouth to reply to him when a knock sounded at the door.  We all tensed as I grabbed my demos.
“Where you expecting company?” I asked Bahmel.
Bahmel shook his head.  “No.  But since it’s still light out, maybe it’s someone from the market.”
Bahmel got up to get the door as we moved out of view of it.  Bahmel gave us another glance before pulling open the door.  ‘Who are you?”
“I come to speak with Aristaeus.”
At the sound of the voice, I moved from my spot behind the wall.  I came into the hall and stared at the creature in the doorway.
“Os’ mar.”
Os’ mar smiled as I made my way towards him.  I grabbed my old friend into a hug more than happy to see him.  Pulling back, I took a good look at him.  He looked no different than when I’d saw him last in Belham.  I turned to Bahmel.  “This is a friend of mine, may he come in.”
“Of course” 
Bahmel stepped to the side to allow Os’ mar to enter.  Os’ mar thanked the Orc as he entered.  Dyos and Grethen came from their hiding spots and gave Os’ mar curious glances.
“Where have you been?  Did the Gods release you?” I asked him.
“I was never captured Aristaeus.  They only took me in because there was nowhere else I could go.  Belham was destroyed and there was no way the King was going to allow me to enter Pearu without trying to kill me.”
“So you had to stay with the Gods?” Dyos asked.
“It wasn’t all bad.  They allowed me to work.  Their world is very beautiful.  I wish I could talk more about it, but they put a gag on me.  It’s understandable. They don’t want any enemies getting any bright ideas.”
“What kind of work did they have you doing?”
“When I first got there, they wanted me to help them locate the souls that were stolen.  They were on my radar for a while, but then like lights being turned off, they disappeared from sight.  It was strange too, I was almost sure I’d pinpoint the location.”
“I’m sure it wasn’t a coincidence that they suddenly blinked out.” I said exchanging glances with others.  “Well I’m happy you’re okay my friend.  I was worried about you.”
“No need to worry.  I am fine.  I’m better than fine actually.”
I introduced Os’ mar to the others as they gathered around him welcoming him to our troop.  Gain came out the back room to check on us.  At the sight of the new comrade, she rushed to the kitchen to retrieve leftovers.  Os’ mar happily took the left overs, making sure to compliment Gain on her cooking.
I stood in the corner staring at the scene as Dyos made his way over to me.
“Well at least some good came out of it. The Gods release your friend.”
“I’m not so sure about that”
Dyos stared at me confused.  “What do you mean?”
“That is not Os’ mar.”
Dyos stared at me and turned to stare at Os’ mar.  I had been so happy to see my old friend that I’d forgotten what I’d secretly learned about him. I stared at the creature pretending to be Os’ mar.  He glanced over at me and smiled as I gave a fake smile of mine.  The night Astraea came to see me, flashed in my mind.  Astraea was getting ready to head back home.  Dyos being the good friend had given us some privacy.  It was then that I asked her about Os’ mar.  Closing my eyes, her words rang in my ear.
“Aristaeus, Os’ mar is dead.”
Opening my eyes, I studied the creature.  I would find out what happen to Os’ mar, and find out who exactly, this creature was.   



TWENTY-SIX


Night finally came in Pearu giving the citizens a chance to rest from the long day.  Gain got the children ready for bed.  Dyos and I stood on the wall watching Grethen and Bahmel converse with Os’ mar.  Staring at Os’ mar I tried to figure out whom exactly was controlling this creature that was pretending to be Os’ mar.  My mind had already convinced me it was Lilith, but there were other players who could have taken him.  I thought about my father and the prisoner on the side of the cell when I’d been captured.  I had thought it to be just one of the other citizens, but now that I think about it, why would my father hold an arrested citizen in the palace.  It could have been Os’ mar’s body he was holding hostage.  My father had been practicing spells lately.  Maybe he’d learn how to take control of a creature’s body.  I wouldn’t past him.  
I then thought about the third player in the game.  The God.  I couldn’t remember seeing Os’ mar the day the Gods came into Belham.  He could have still been alive, and could have been one of the ones who fled.  Maybe one of the Gods that came, had chased him and killed him.  He was the keeper of souls, and since the God was working with Eris, he could have needed some information from him. But Os’ mar wasn’t the type to run from the Gods.  He worked for them, so why run?
Grethen got up from his seat and made his way over to us.  He sipped something from his clay mug as he stood beside me, his body facing the wall, his back to Bahmel and Os’ mar.
“There is something off about your friend.”
“You’ve picked up on it as well.”
Grethen nodded.  “There’s a humming sound coming from him.  He also keep shifting and glancing over at you every few minutes.  At first I thought because he did not know us well and you were the only one he was comfortable with.  But the glances he is throwing you aren’t friendly, they’re sinister.”
“So how do you want to handle him?” Dyos asked.
“Give me a moment alone with him.”
Dyos and Grethen nodded.  They walked over to Bahmel and Os’ mar as Dyos clapped a hand on Bahmel’s shoulder.  “Say Bahmel, you got any more of that seaweed drink?”
Bahmel headed to the kitchen to fix Dyos a drink as he and Grethen followed, leaving me alone with Os’ mar.
“I tell ya Aristaeus, it sure is good to be back in Pearu.  I almost forgot how great the air smells here.”
I chuckled.  “Why don’t we go outside and get some of that fresh air?”
“Um, sure.”
I led the way out the door as Os’ mar followed.  My hand gripped my demos as I led him a few feet away from Bahmel’s home.  I didn’t want to jeopardize waking his children or attract any attention from the neighborhood barters.  We walked into the forest as the sound of night creatures traveled through the green haven. The moment I got deep into the forest, I turned to face Os’ mar with my weapon drawn.  He seemed to be ready for some sort of attack as his face changed.  His true face emerged revealing his true nature.  He was a Cyclops.  
I didn’t give him a chance to get a hold on me as I slashed away at him.  The Cyclops dodged my demos and sent a punch at me.  The punch landed at the tip of my jaw as my teeth clamped down on my tongue bringing blood into my mouth.  I wiped my mouth filled with anger.  I wanted to subdue the creature not kill him. However, if it came to me or him, it was going to be him.
I threw my jugest in his direction catching him around the leg.  I yanked as his feet were pulled from under him.  He fell to the ground in a heap as I sent fire through the ropes of the jugest.  He hollered as sat down on top of him, holding him into place.  I kept one hand on my jugest sending heat through the rope to keep him at ease.  Footsteps sounded ahead of me as Dyos, Grethen, and Bahmel stepped into the clearing.
“You’ve captured him” Bahmel said with surprise.  
Grethen stared down at the creature.  “Cyclops, definitely one of Eris flunkies.  Did you get anything out of him yet?”
“Not yet.” I turned to the Cyclops and placed the blade of my demos at his throat.  “Identify yourself Cyclops.”
“I do not answer to the likes of you puny Prince.”
I pressed the blade deeper into his throat striking blood.  The Cyclops moaned in pain as he tried to shake me off of him.  He was only causing himself more harm by moving.  Every time he moved, he ended up brushing up against the rope burning himself.  
“Let’s try this again, who are you?”
“Pathos.”  
“Who sent you here Pathos?”
The Cyclops glanced at me like he was about to rebel again, but after an arch of my brow, he reconsidered.  “No one sent me, I came on my own.”
“Ah, and why is that?”
“I heard the King had banned his son, I wanted to see for myself.”
“He’s lying.” Dyos said staring down at him.  He placed the heel of his boot on the Pathoss hand and pressed down.
“Alright!” He screamed.  “The Courant sent me.”
“The Courant?”
“Yes The Courant.  They captured me a while back and were holding me as leverage to get Eris to show her face.  It was becoming clear that Eris would not show herself, even for a bottom feeder like me.  She left me to rot at the hands of the King, so I betrayed her.”
“You creatures and your betrayal.” Grethen said shaking his head.
I ignored his comment.  “Why did they let you go?”
“They let me go to find you.  They had a feeling that you would try to stop them from going to war with the Gods, or better yet tell them their plans.”  There was a gleam in the Cyclops eye as he relayed this information.  “You’ve been caught Prince, they know that you and your friend over here found out about the maps for the battle.  The King has banned your little friend as well.  You’re both enemies to the King and Pearu.”
“What about the General?” Dyos said stepping forward.
“Dead.” Pathos smiled.
I turned to stare at Dyos as the news hit him of his father’s death.  Letting out a growl of rage, he ran forward towards the Pathos as Grethen grabbed his arms, holding him into a lock.  Dyos wrestled against him as Bahmel joined to hold Dyos back.  Grethen whispered something in Dyos ear as he began to pull him back from Pathos.  I wanted to go and comfort my friend, but I knew I had to finish getting answers from the Cyclops.
Turning back to face the Pathos, he still held that smile on his face as he watch Dyos battle with the loss of his father.  I punched him in the mouth knocking the smile off his face.  The Cyclops shook away the dizziness of my punch and turned to glare at me.
“Why did the King kill his General?”
“Why do you think?  If he couldn’t govern simple information how could he lead an army of soldiers to the Gates tonight?”
I stared at the Cyclops as if I did not hear him right.  “What do you mean tonight?  The King is going to war tonight?”
The Cyclops simply smiled up at me with blood coating his teeth.  Loud booms sounded in the air as I turned my attention to the sky.  Smoke was in the air as a horn blew through the land.   I turned to stare at Dyos who’d stopped struggling against Grethen and Bahmel at the sound of the booms.  They glanced towards the sky and over at me.
“It’s started.  The war between us and the Gods have started!”
They ran over to me as I lifted off of Pathos and walked over to them.  “We have no time.  We have to get to the marketplace and gather as many creatures as we can to fight.  We don’t have time for long speeches to convince them.  We have to hurry.”
Dyos turned to Grethen.  “I thought you said the plague would arrive in three days.”
Grethen looked just as confused.  “Something’s not right.”
“Your precious Samr has tricked us!” Dyos shouted.
  A light flash in the sky as it touched the ground near me.  We turned to face the light as it cleared revealing Astraea.
“A God!” Bahmel shouted removing his weapon.
“Touch her and die!” 
Bahmel turned to me and stared in confusion.  He put his sword away as Dyos touched him on the shoulder and shook his head.  I walked over to Astraea as she pulled me into a hug.  I pulled back and stared at her.  “What are you doing here?”
“Our world is preparing for battle. I’m worried Aristaeus, my father has called for the archangels as well.  The Archangels never come out to fight a war with the Gods.  I think the plague is coming tonight.”
“It doesn’t matter.” I assured her.  “We will be ready.”
There were voices outside of the forest as creatures came out to see what was going on.  It was night so there was no way anyone should have been up.  I also found it strange that a war was going on when it was considered night in Pearu.  My father should have been sleep— the sky was proof of this.
Astraea seemed to read my thoughts because she said, “Aristaeus, I think your father has found a way to move about throughout the night without being sleep.”
“I have to get to the palace. I have to get Kiowa somewhere safe.”
The Cyclops laughed behind me as I turned to face him.  He stared at me as he grinned brightly.  “You’re a little late on that as well Prince.  Your Queen is dead.”
I froze in place as I pointed my demos at him.  “You lie!”
“I do no such thing.  The Queen died the moment you left the palace.  The King buried her today.  Such a shame you couldn’t have been there to say goodbye.”
Astraea placed a hand on my shoulder as I stared at the creature on the ground.  I wanted what he was saying to be a lie, but his eyes showed the truth.  The Queen was dead.  Kiowa, my mother, was dead.  I didn’t even get a chance to say goodbye.
Growling with rage and pain, my true face pushed its way forward.  Lifting my demos in the air, I removed the laughing Cyclops head from his body, as it rolled into the trees.  Falling to my knees, my body shook with sobs, as I stared up at the smoky purple sky.       
   

 

 
      


TWENTY-SEVEN

“Aristaeus, are you okay?”
I turned to face Astraea as she approached me.  After learning of my mother’s death, I retreated away to be alone.  My face was soaked with tears as I tried to come to terms with my mother’s death.  Astraea stood behind me hesitantly on whether or not I would welcome her.  Dyos and the others stood a few feet away throwing me concerned glances.  I turned from facing them and stared through the trees, my hands folded.  I rubbed my white moonstone ring.
“It’s my fault.” I mumbled.  “I shouldn’t have left her behind.”
“Aristaeus you had no choice but to leave.”
“I could have fought harder.  I should have fought harder to make my father see.  I could have still been there with her.”
“Your mother wouldn’t want you to suffer this way Aristaeus.”  Astraea wrapped her arms around me and hugged my neck.  “The best way to honor her memory is remember how much she loved you and how much she believed in what you were doing.  Your mother loved you right to the end despite what you were and the unknown plans the world had for you.  She wouldn’t want you to give up on your mission.  Don’t give Lilith and your father the satisfaction of seeing you down.”
I turned to stare at Astraea.  She was right.  My mother was gone.  There was nothing I could do about it.  There was hurt in my chest from the loss of her, but the only replace that feeling was to adapt another emotion.  I pecked Astraea’s hand and stood up from the log I’d been sitting on.
“You should be getting back to your people.  They are going to need you in battle.”
“No, I’m fighting with you.  We’re in all of this together.”
I smiled at her, happy she was willing to go to war with me.  But I couldn’t let her fight with me.  “Go Astraea, your father will need you at his side.  You have his bolts remember.  You take care of things on that side. We’ll take care of things on this side.”
“But.”
“No buts. Go.”
Astraea looked at me to make sure this was what I wanted.  Leaning over, she placed a kiss on my lips.  “I love you.”
“I love you as well.  Always.”
Stepping back, Astraea look towards the sky as a light shot down and she disappeared.  I walked over to the group as they walked over to meet me.
“Are you okay?” Dyos asked me.
“I’ll be fine, as will you.”
“What are the orders your majesty?” Grethen said.
I looked at the three creatures in front of me and realized I was their leader.  I wasn’t King yet, but they were already ready to follow me into the unknown.  
“We gather as many creatures as we can, and then, we take back our world.”
We left the forest and made our way back to the marketplace village.  Creatures stood in groups pointing towards the sky as the sound of booms could be heard all throughout the world of Pearu.  At our entrance they turned to face us their eyes filled with alarm.  The male creatures stood in front of their women, weapons drawn.  One creature stepped forward a battle axe in his hand.
“Bahmel, what are you doing over there with those Hell Demons?  I hear they’re causing a war up there in the City, do not get mix up with them.”
“Do not fear.” Bahmel said stepping forward.  “They bring us no harm.”
“Ha!” Another creature yelled.  “That’s all the Hell Demons bring, is harm.  You get over here right now and help defend our land.”
“I’m sorry brothers, but I have taken up with these Hell Demons.”
“Then you are a traitor!”
Bahmel and the crowd began to argue back and forth as he tried to convince them that he was not a traitor.  Even Dyos, tried to make a plea to them, but they had nothing to say to one of their favorite Hell Demons.  Grethen said nothing.  While he’d taken up residence in this town, he did not communicate much with them so he had no pull.
I stepped forward and held up my hand as the crowd turned to me and quieted down.  “I am Aristaeus Priam, Prince of Pearu.”
“Not anymore!” Shouted someone in the crowd as they began to cackle.
“Do not talk to your future King like that you rascals!” Dyos said jumping forward pointing his sword at them.
“Silence Dyos.” I said sweeping him back.  “You are right.  I have been banned from Pearu by the King, my father.  These two demons beside me have also been banned from this world, but it is not for the reason that you think or that they might have written on the wanted posters.  The King, The Courant, and your Prince, are right now at the Gates of our world, about to go to war with the Gods.”
Gasps sounded throughout the crowd as creatures turned to whisper to each other.
“What are you talking about?’  
“Did the Gods come on our land?”
“Did they attack us first?”
Questions started to pour in from different creatures as they began to over talk each other.
“The King has decided that he will no longer bow down to the Gods.  It’s not because he wants to stand up for his world, or that he feels that we are being treated unfair.  The King has a vendetta towards the King of Gods that he has been holding onto for centuries.  He has decided that this vendetta is worth the lives of you and your families, and it is worth the destruction of our world.”
“What is the vendetta?” Asked the creature from earlier.
I stared at the crowd as I revealed the secret I read in my father’s journal.  “The King wishes to destroy Zeus, because of the death of his family.  But Zeus is not to blame.  Eris, your dethroned Queen, is the reason why the King’s parents are dead.  Eris has fooled us by thinking that she is only after the throne and that she cares for our world.  The truth is, Eris plans to unleash a plague that will destroy our world if we do not stop her.”
“A plague?”
“You lie!”
“What do we do?”
“He does not lie!” Bahmel said.  “I’ve seen this plague.”
My eyes turned to look at Bahmel.  Bahmel gave me a look that said to trust him.  I glanced over at Dyos and Grethen as we waited for what Bahmel would say.
“When Aristaeus told me of this plague, I did not believe him myself.  I thought he was crazy and that all the City air had gotten to him.  You know how the air has those City demons acting.”
The creatures laughed in agreement with Bahmel.  Maybe he was on to something.  He stepped forward closer to them.  “I was ready to put him and his buddies out of my house when he mentioned the Cosmic Orb.”
“Cosmic Orb?”
“What is that?”
“Is that some type of moonstone?”
“Many of you do not know about the Cosmic Orb because you were not around when the Gates were open to us.  I discovered the mention of this Cosmic Orb in the mortal world in one of their books.  At first I thought it to be a myth, until when I went back the next day the pages about the orb was ripped from the book.  An angel approached me and warned me to keep my mouth shut about what I’d read.  You know me, I was ready to tell this wing fellow where he could stick it, but he did something to me, to the point that I forgot about it.  It is only when Aristaeus mentioned it— did I remember what happened that day?  That is how I know he speaks the truth about the plague.  Eris has it, and we’ve learned anything from our experience of having to serve someone like her, that she does not mean any good.”
Bahmel retreated back over to us as the creatures talked amongst themselves trying to decide on whether or not they believed us or not.
“You’ve never seen the Cosmic Orb.  Why did you lie to them?” I said keeping my eye on the crowd.
“It is the only way they would consider to follow you Prince.  These creatures don’t like to get involve in matters unless it pertains to them.”
“Where did you get that story?  I almost believed it myself.” Dyos chuckled.
Bahmel beamed at Dyos.  “It’s some words I took out of a novel I’m writing.  I just happened to switch some things around.  Aristaeus is much like the character I’m writing about which was how I knew that this speech would work on my neighbors.”
“Smart.” Grethen said smiling.  I agreed.  We only had to hope that it would work.
The crowd split as they turned to face us.  “We’ve considered what you said, and you’re right.  But why should we trust the Prince.  How do we know he will be able to defeat Eris?”
I handed my demos to Dyos and took a step forward.  Removing my blazer, I stood in front of the crowd.  It was time.  I thought long and hard during my time alone on what course I would take.  Would I remain faithful to those I was raised to serve, or would I change course and serve with someone new.  
Closing my eyes, I whispered in my head.  “I accept to be a Sacrilege.”
There was a slight calm in my head and then Samr spoke, “You are ready, Aristaeus.”
A heat went through me as I heard the gasps all around me.  The gasps came from the crowd and from my friends behind me.  Opening my eyes I stared through my eyes as my eyes caught a reflection of me in one of the creature’s eyes.  Huge white wings spread from my back as they reached towards the sky, the tip of the feathers a royal blue.
“Any questions.”
The creatures shook their heads as they stared at me in awe.
“Now, where is Lilith.”

    


 

      


TWENTY-EIGHT

After seeing my wings, the creatures pointed out the last direction they’d known Lilith to be in.  Many claim to have spotted her headed towards the City while others have said that she was headed to Mayur.  There was a lot of confusion as the groups began to fuss about who was right and who was wrong.  It took us a while to get them under control.  We finally decided our best bet was to make our way to the City.  If Lilith wanted to cause a scene, she would to do it while the creatures of Pearu were in a fight with the Gods.  
We left Arwid with a group of soldiers that was ready to help us fight.  Others stayed behind shouting things that we were on a fool’s mission and its best that we not get involved with the elite affairs.  The journey from Arwid to the City was a tense one.  You could feel the rumble of anticipation rolling off the soldiers.  Some of the soldiers didn’t have any family to leave behind so they had no problems joining us.  However, there were a few who kept glancing back at their neighborhood as it disappeared from view, as if they would never get a chance to see it again.  I felt terrible that I was pulling them away from their families, but if they wanted their families to be able to live safely, this could not go on any longer.
The minute our boots touched City limits, our weapons were drawn.  Arriving in the City, it was easy to detect the smell of fire and smoke.  The carriage cabin was empty of its owner and I took it to mean that he’d gone to join the battle.  My father was gathering anyone it seemed in order to fill his vendetta.
We exited the forest and the made our way down the curve road.  There was nothing else left to shield us from the view of the guards or any citizens.  As we got further down the road it seemed clear that no one would be on the lookout for us.  The clanging of metal sounded in the night air along with growls, screams, and explosive booms.  We were close to the fight.  Coming upon the end of the street, I squatted low to the ground and waved my hand for everybody to lower as well.
Peering from behind the wall of a building, I stared at the streets that were littered with debris.  There were two creature bodies that lay dead on the ground, their bodies covered in slashes, their heads cleanly removed.
“This is it.” Dyos whispered.  “The day our lives change forever.”
Dyos was right.  Today we would either make history by stopping both the King and Eris or we would make history by being the ones who let the world of Pearu be destroyed.
Turning around to face the creatures behind me, I asked.  “Are you guys ready?”
They nodded with excitement riddled on their faces.  It was now or never.  
Stepping out from behind the wall, I walked into the streets.  There was no one in the direction to the right.  Buildings appeared to be deserted.  The only sign of life inside them was the moving of the curtains in the window.  As I turned left, I felt my eyes widened at the sight before me.  It was like a nightmare.  There were creatures everywhere.  They swung their swords with fierceness at their opponents, the Gods.  The Gods stood tall, their armor gleaming despite the fiery smoke in the air.  Their movements were somewhat dancelike.  There footwork showed that they was not in a hurry and could easily dispatch their opponent if they wanted to.  They swung their weapons that slashed through the Creatures of Damned, freezing them before slicing them in half.  
Up ahead I saw Astraea as she battled a Minotaur.  She didn’t seem to be having any trouble as she swiftly got rid of the annoying beast.  I watched her rip a bolt off her bracelet before tossing it to Zeus who stood behind her.  Zeus caught the bolt without looking back and threw it at the creature that was running towards him.
One of my father’s soldiers turned and saw us waiting in the street.
“It’s Aristaeus!”
At the sound of my name, many of the creatures rushed towards us, feeling that they would rather handles us than that of the Gods.  Some of them weren’t so lucky to get to us, as the Gods had cornered them from running towards us.  A demon ran at me as I ran forward to meet him.  I gave my demos one quick swish as it stopped the running demon mid-way.
My soldiers rushed past me as they grabbed their own opponents.  The guards didn’t seem to be much to handle.  They’re footwork was sloppy and so where there hand movements.  Because I had been banned, they had no one to really guide them on how to properly fight us.  It would be an easy win for us.
Two more guards ran towards me as I dodged one of their blades and kicked the other in the stomach.  The guard I kicked flew a few feet away as I took care of his friend.  The guard swung his battle axe wildly, slightly nipping me on the arm.  The cut stung for a second before I felt it healing.  The guard glanced at my arm in surprise as I gave a smirk.  He didn’t know that I could heal myself now.
While he was distracted by my healed wound, my blade glided across his throat finishing him.  The other guard that I’d kicked, had snuck up on me.  His arms circled me as he tried to wrestle my demos to the ground.  The claw of my jugest dug into my shoulder as the demon pushed against my back. Deciding to play dirty, I stepped on his foot as he screamed out.  I further made the pain worst by stabbing his foot with my blade.
It was enough to get him to back up off of me.  The guard hobbled back grabbing his injured foot.  Dyos, who had just finished killing off his own opponent, swung his knife in my opponent’s back knocking him down.
“Have you seen her yet?” He asked.
“Not yet.”
Lilith and Eris still hadn’t shown their faces.  I wondered for a second if we’d gotten it wrong.  Maybe the plague really was coming in three days.  By that time we would be vulnerable.  They had to know like I did that we would not last with a fight against the Gods.  Maybe they were counting on the Gods to take care of the majority of us so Lilith wouldn’t have to.  That could have been why she was speaking with a God.
I snapped out of my slight distraction and jumped back into the battle.  I had made my way from the middle of the street now up to the front of the street.  As I maneuvered through the battle, I noticed the tons of bodies that had begun to pile up. I didn’t want to even imagine how many of my kind had already been killed.  I got rid of a couple more guards when I noticed my father.  He stood within the fray dressed completely in his battle gear.  His eyes were on Zeus whose attention was on the Hydra he was fighting.
My father made his way towards Zeus, his hands glowing with strange orange electricity.  He’d done it.  He’d somehow mastered some kind of power that resembled the light that Lilith often shot out of her hands.  Astraea seemed to notice him moving towards her father at the same time that I did.  She jumped in front of her father’s back prepared to defend him.  My father’s eyes narrowed in anger.  He didn’t like Astraea just as much as he didn’t like Zeus.  His hands shook as he prepared to send the ball of light towards her.
I didn’t dare hesitate.  I ran with demon speed slashing creatures out of my way.  Astraea stared at my father, her weapon drawn.  She didn’t want to hurt him, but she would not allow him to hurt her father.  My father released a growl of anger as he shot the ball out of his lands.  I landed just in time to block the ball with my sword as it bounced off.  The ball collided with the back of one of the Gods as he his mouth opened in a silent scream.  A burst of light appeared around him, and then he disappeared.
“Dionysus!” Astraea cried.
My father stared at me blocking Astraea as a look of disgust rose to his face.  “So I’ve guess you finally have chosen a side.”
“You left me no choice father, you banned me.”
“You betrayed me!” He yelled out.
His weapon came out as he ran at me.  I pushed Astraea to the side as I blocked my father’s hits.  The two of us danced around with our weapons, the metal clanging against each other.  I didn’t want to hurt my father despite the anger I had towards him.  He was still my father, and I loved him.
My father swung his sword at my head as I lifted mine up to block it.  “Father, you must call off this madness.  Can’t you see you’re losing?”
“Shut up!”
“No!  I’ve shut up for a long time and allowed you to run the country however you wanted to.  Well no more.  I won’t let you turn our world into ash because of your vendetta.”
“You do not understand my vendetta.”
“Your vendetta killed Kiowa!” I yelled.
My father took a step back and looked at me.  He wasn’t as unaffected as he liked to make himself out to be.  The death of his wife had shaken him to the point that he actually looked as if he was on a verge of breakdown.
“Father, please just call this off.  She wouldn’t want you to do this.”
I tried to plead for my father to see reason.  As I hope for a second that he would, it slowly diminished.  My father’s face changed back into his usual face of composure as he stared coldly at me.
“The Queen would want me to stay my course and teach you a lesson.  It’s time that you remembered who you are?”
My father face began to change as his body shook with trembles.  I stared at him in horror as I he called forth another power.  Whatever the power was, it was taking a lot out of him.  He looked as if he was about to kill over the way he shook and paled.
The use of such a strong power had caught Zeus’s attention as he turned to face my father.  His face was filled with alarm as he pointed his staff at him.  It was quite clear that he was about to control my father when the sound of huge booms sounded in the air.  These booms were different than those of the ones from the God’s weapons.  These booms shook the ground as we all fought for balance.
Turning to the left, we watched as two Giants ran towards us.  They were followed by a group of creatures that were dressed for battle.  In the middle of them, riding on a chariot, was Lilith.
Lilith’s attention was enough to snap my father out of calling the death striking power.  Instead he faced Eris as the orange glow return.  The ball shot out of his hands and headed towards her.  The Witch smiled as the ball neared her.  Leaping up, she caught the ball and hurled it back in our direction.  The ball moved so fast before our eyes, that we had no time to block.  A groan came from behind me as I turned around.
My father lay on the ground.
His body shook two times…
And then he was dead.

     
    


 


TWENTY-NINE

My eyes stared at my father’s body, his youthful face now pale, and his scattered eyes gone of purple.  Thunder boomed in the sky as flashes of light appeared every few seconds.  The sky began to change from purple to a bright red.  The world of Pearu had a new ruler, and it wasn’t me.  Staring across the battle, my eyes landed on Lilith.  Her head was tilted up towards the sky.  Feeling my eyes upon hers, she dropped her head and stared at me with red eyes.  She’d killed my mother, and now she was set on destroying my world.  She would not be leaving here alive.
“Aristaeus no!” Zeus voice shouted behind me, but it was too late. 
I ran for Lilith with speed as I lunged myself up from the ground.  I dodged the bat of a giant as I flew over his head towards Lilith who waited patiently for me in her chariot.  I raised my demos in the air and brought it down towards her.   I didn’t even get a chance to touch her.  She gave a wave of her hand, as I flew over her and onto the ground behind her.  I landed on the ground with a thud, my blade going through my thigh.
“Ahh!” I screamed out.  I pulled the blade from my leg as blood dripped down it.
I pull myself to a stand, the muscles in my leg tightening as they reattached.  My moonstone ring lit up as my hand was tugged in front of me.  A hell hound appeared before my face as it lunged at me knocking me down on the ground.  I brought my hands up blocking the teeth of the hound as it tried to nip at my face.
My head swirled around on the ground as my eyes latched onto Lilith.  She’d gotten off her chariot and was now walking amongst the battle.  Creatures ran at her from both sides trying to get a hold of her, but she simply knocked them away as she did me.  
I turned my focus back on the dog, its eyes red the same color as its master.  Just the sight of that red color was enough to make me snap.  Reaching around the hound’s neck, I gave it a quick snap before tossing it to the side.  Two more followed as I kicked one over in Grethen’s direction and I sliced the other’s head off.
While I had been busy with the hounds, Zeus and Lilith were locked in a battle.  Zeus seemed to have the upper hand as he knocked her around.  I got up and made my way towards them when my attention turned to one of the Gods.  The God approached Zeus with an evil look on his face. He held a golden staff as he brushed aside any creatures that got in his way.  I turned to see where Astraea was located.  She was off on the far side with Poseidon double teaming a giant.  Zeus had no one to cover his back.  He was left wide open.
Putting my demos away, I called forth my own power.  I followed the same steps I did when I was in my bedroom at the palace.  I felt the heat in my hand as the white ball began to form in my hand growing larger and large.  This time as I released it, I had more control over it.
The ball zoomed smoothly through the air as creatures got out of its way.  Zeus, Lilith, or the God didn’t seem to take notice of the light.  The ball reached closer to them as the God stepped directly in its path.  The ball hit the God, his staff falling out of his hands.  He dropped to the ground on his knees as the other Gods turned to stare at him.  They glanced from him to me automatically assuming I’d taken out one of theirs without proper cause.
They rushed at me as I prepared myself for battle.
Astraea landed in front of me guarding me the same way I’d done her.
“Stop it!  You can’t kill him.”
“He killed Apollo!”  Shouted a female God.
Apollo.  I’d killed the God that had banished Samr from their world.  Was this fate or the Creator’s way of punishing him?  
“Apollo was about to attack your King.” I said.  “I saved his life.”
The God reached to grab me as Astraea blocked her pushing her back.
“I won’t let you harm him. Any of you!”
The Gods stared at Astraea as if they couldn’t believe she was choosing me over them.  I knew the look too well because it was the same look my father and the rest of the elite gave me.  The female God opened her mouth to give a retort when the ground began to shake.
A cold chill began to sweep the air as wind picked up.  Debris flew in the air as the wind whipped away anything in its reach harshly.
“What’s going on?” Astraea asked glancing around.  The other Gods didn’t seem to have an answer either as they tried to figure it out as well.
I took in the scene as everything began to slow down for me.  The cold chill, the harsh wind, the reddening of the sky, these things were unfamiliar with the death of a King.  There have never been a death of royalty in Pearu, but I was quite certain these things did not come along with it.  This was something different.  This was the plague.
“It’s Eris.” I shouted.  “She’s released the plague.”
The wind picked up even more roughly as small clearing appeared in the sky.  One by one the Gods were ripped from the ground and pulled back up to the sky.  Zeus went to go grab Lilith, but the wind caught him pulling him up as well.  
I was not going to let her get away.
My boots flew across the ground as I felt my new strength taking over me.  Using a falling giant for a boost, I leaped into the air, my demos raised high.  Lilith turned around, her eyes wide with fear.  I’d caught her by surprise.  There was nowhere for her to run.  Time seem to slow as I neared her.  Our eyes connected for a slight moment, and then she was no more.
I landed on the ground as Lilith’s head rolled to the side.  It was done.  Lilith was dead.
“Aristaeus! 
I turned around to see Astraea struggling to keep her balance.
The wind had caught her legs and was about to pull her up.  I ran over and grabbed onto her hand as I felt myself being drug across the ground.  Dyos and Grethen made their way over to me and grabbed onto my body as we all tried to keep Astraea from being pulled away.  The wind picked up as dirt and debris flew around.  Out the corner of my eyes I saw a shadowy figure making its way towards us.  A blue ball rested in front of it as the figure neared us.
The force of the wind pulled again, yanking Astraea higher.  With one final tug, it yanked her along with us as we all were pulled towards the sky.
I stared down at shadowy figure that seemed to be getting smaller and smaller.  The world of Pearu began to blow past us fast as we were pulled towards the sky.  The world of Pearu darkened with each passing second of the plague.   There was a moment where everything froze, and then we were gone.


     
  



EPILOGUE

A blur of colors whirled around us as our screams seemed to encase us.  We’d found ourselves in a world of tornado as different images flew past us.  The spinning got faster and then stopped dropping us.  We fell from a distance, our hands no longer attached.  One by one our bodies collided with the ground.  
“Ow.” Dyos cried.  “Where are we?”
I pushed up from the ground and turned to see Dyos and Grethen.  I didn’t see Astraea.  Filled with fear, I turned behind me and spotted her.  I sighed with relief.  “You’re okay.”
Astraea did not reply.
“Astraea?” I said making away over to her.  I grabbed her arm, but she continued to look straight ahead, her mouth ajar.
“Is anybody going to answer me?” Dyos complained.  “Where are we?  This place is giving me bad vibes.”
The sound of running boots brought all of us to attention.  Groups of creatures approached us, dressed in battle gear.  As they surrounded us, I took in the symbol on their armor.  Now I know why Astraea didn’t reply.  We were no longer in Pearu.
We were in her world.  We were in the world of the Gods.
