SARA, THE PSYCHIC SLEUTH

Book One in the Psychic Sara Series

By Peggy McGee

Copyright © 2011
Published by Peggy McGee at Smashwords
All rights reserved. No part of this e-book may be reproduced in any form than that in which it was purchased and without the written permission of the author. This e-book is licensed for you for your personal enjoyment only.  This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. This e-book is purely fictional, written for your enjoyment. All characters, names and settings are fictional, and do not portray any real individuals or places. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Part I – NEW BEGINNINGS

Chapter One

“It’s starting to get dark. How much longer before we get there?” Sara whined to her dad, fidgeting with her iPod. “We’ve been sitting for three days now, and my feet are going numb.”
“Only an hour more,” Dad stated while driving along Interstate 80. “Why don’t you enjoy the scenery before it gets dark out? The mountains are magnificent. It’s been a long time since we’ve been back.”
“I don’t know why you think returning home is going to make such a big difference,” Sara complained. “I have a lot of baggage and most of it deals with my past problems.”
“It’s an opportunity to start over again, and besides, you’ll have a chance to get to know your grandmother,” Dad explained.
“I can’t imagine how she’s going to help me,” Sara grumbled.
“You inherited your gift from your mother, and your grandmother certainly knew how to guide her,” Dad reminded her.
“Why do you call it a gift when it’s actually a curse?” Sara asked while fidgeting with her backpack, looking for something to munch on.
“It’s only a curse when you’re unable to control it. That’s what your grandmother can help you with,” Dad reiterated.
“What if it’s more of the same?” Sara asked.
“Then we’ll deal with it, somehow,” Dad responded.
“By the way, slow down on the next hill; there’s a couple of deer who are thinking about taking a short cut across the highway,” Sara predicted, nonchalantly.
Dad automatically slowed as the deer bounded across the road a short distance in front of them.
“I’ll never know how you do that.” Dad shook his head in amazement.
“Do what?” Sara pressed him.
“Know these things are about to happen,” he replied.
“Good thing that I do, or we’d be eating venison for dinner tonight,” Sara commented with a touch of sarcasm.
“Very funny, like you would eat venison,” Dad commented. “Just listen to your iPod or something. I have to concentrate now.”
“I would if it worked,” Sara stated, fiddling with it. “I don’t know why I have so many problems with these electronic gadgets.”
Dad just sighed as Sara rolled her eyes. She couldn’t help but to be concerned about the future. She felt like she was bringing all of the problems with her to a small town which would probably be even less tolerant than California. Sara remembered the numerous visits to the psychologist and then the psychiatrist, but what good did it do?  She knew they were running away, but from what? “Me!” She decided. 
Sara had been told to journal her feelings and experiences. She took her journal out of her backpack, deciding to add to it before it turned totally dark outside. She flipped through it, stopping at an entry she made about a month ago. It was always amusing for her to reread her own writings.

July 5 

When I was younger, I would get into so much trouble, giving advice even when it was for someone’s own good. I’d get pretty strong premonitions on things about to happen which have been pretty accurate. However, who wants to take any advice from a 13 year old, especially on grown up matters. It would cause quite an uproar which resulted in many trips to the psychiatrist and much distress for my dad. I have been diagnosed as depressed, ADD, bi-polar, and even schizophrenic, except that I’m supposedly too young for that. The kids at school just labeled me ‘psycho’. Some of the medicines that were given to me resulted in a fog-like state. So, growing up for me ranged from being totally loopy to clairvoyant. Of course, probably being depressed was the most accurate since I am this weird outcast. Who wouldn’t be?  So, I learned on how to put a lid on it just to co-exist. But, that didn’t make my abilities suddenly disappear.

August 1 

Dad was offered a new job opportunity and it is a chance to start over. Somehow, moving to the West coast, following the death of my mother, hadn’t solved the problems by running away. So, following my dad’s breakup with his most recent girlfriend which I only had a little to do with, we are heading home. Here I am; 13 and moving back to my roots in Pennsylvania, closer to my grandmother on my mom’s side. I hope to understand a bit more of my family history and a lot more about me. I had only met Grandma Brock a couple of times before my mom died and at Mom’s funeral. Granny visited me one time in California before she became disabled. She would send me gifts for my birthday and at Christmas, but our correspondence became less as time went by. I remember her as an outgoing, lively, mysterious lady who looks quite a bit like my mom; blonde and beautiful. I always felt a warmth and bond with her as I seldom did with my dad’s family, who tended to be so very logical.  Dad doesn’t have a clue how to handle me and he is hoping Grandma Brock would help him deal with it. He can’t figure out if it is my age, being a girl, or my weirdness that makes me so difficult. All he said was that he couldn’t do this by himself, anymore.

August 15

Dad leased a townhouse near Granny and plans to commute to his new job in N.Y.C.   Granny’s house is one of those old Victorians, that is way too big for her, but she refuses to sell it since it had been in the family forever. Dad said she loves it dearly because it has memories. It was also the house my mom grew up in, so it brings me mixed feelings. As a matter of fact, I don’t know how to feel lately. Some days, I just feel like a roller coaster during a crazy ride, but that has been my normal of recent times. 

It was totally dark now and Sara was becoming restless. She put her journal away and stretched. Dad turned on the radio to the 80’s music station and began to sing along.
To distract him, Sara said, “So Dad, just how did you and Mom meet?” This would set him off for the next half hour or so, she realized.
“At a Halloween frat party, we were dressed up, and she was the most beautiful witch I had ever seen,” Dad reminisced.
“And you were?”
“A computer geek,” he stated.
“So, you didn’t dress up then?” Sara joked.
“Very funny, young lady,” he smiled.
By the time Dad had finished all the details, they were at Sara’s grandmother’s house. It was everything she imagined and vaguely remembered; a true “painted lady” Victorian with all of the scalloped trimmings.
“Wow,” Sara managed to say. “This is really cool.”
“Your mother loved this old house and it brings back many memories.” 
“I can see why, with all the pretty hanging baskets.”
“Yep, this used to be a real showcase, and not just because your mother lived here. Its gardens won many awards. Your grandfather was a master gardener,” Dad continued.
Now, that’s something we definitely aren’t into, Sara thought.  
Sara was surprised that Granny was all that she remembered from five years ago, except now Granny had aged and had difficulty getting around. She hugged Sara so tight that she could hardly breathe at first.
“It has been so long…just so very long,” Granny repeated with tears in her eyes.
“Well, we’re back for a while now,” Dad stated in his typical philosophical manner. “And, you have your work cut out for you with Sara here.”
“Oh my, and how you have grown into a young lady and a real looker too,” Granny exclaimed as Sara blushed and rolled her eyes.
Dad nodded his head in agreement. 
“How can I be, when I look like Dad?” Sara sighed as she repositioned her shoulder bag more comfortably.
“Oh, you have his coloring all right, but there is something about you. I can just tell that takes after my side of the family. Are you two hungry?” She changed the subject abruptly.
Granny was known for her cooking throughout town, and both of them were really glad to oblige her in this area since they were famished. It had been a long three days, and they were ready to eat and then call it a night. 
Sara was given her mother’s old room, and she wasn’t sure how weird that would feel. Her dad was staying the night. Then, he was heading to training in New York City in the morning. He would be given temporary lodging there until their furniture arrived next week. Sara knew it was doubly hard for him to return to her mother’s old house and town after all these years. Although, he didn’t say a word, she realized it brought back all the pain and memories for him.

Chapter Two

It was the middle of August and Granny only had a window air conditioner, so she and Sara sat on the veranda enjoying the last week before school started. Her dad was gone on a weeklong training trip for his new job, before they would move into their townhouse next Saturday, when the furniture arrived.  Dad felt that this week would give Sara time to become reacquainted with Granny.
Despite the peacefulness with the sound of the cicadas after a long day, Sara could tell Granny didn’t want to press her about the recent happenings, but she did have an inquisitive expression on her face.
Finally, Granny asked, “So, how has everything been for you, lately?”
This was when the dam broke and the tears flooded and just wouldn’t stop. “I just don’t know, Granny; it’s just been all so strange. I don’t understand it. I don’t understand me, lately…”
“Well, my dear, you’ve been going through many changes and you’ve inherited the gift,” she began.
“What do you mean?” Sara asked through her tears.
“I think it is time that this has been explained to you, so you will learn about your family history,” she went on. “Your great, great, great grandmother was hung in the gallows with many others in Salem, a long time ago, after being accused of being a witch. Of course, back then, anyone being different was considered a witch and she had the great gift of healing. Actually, she cared for many people with her herbs. Yet, jealousy and rivalry were her undoing.”
“In what way?” Sara inquired.
“A local doctor, who of course was a man, supposedly learned of her talents and exposed her to the church elders. He was jealous of her abilities and her faithful following because she cured many people. Yet, that was a time of chaos, distrust, and fear,” Granny explained.
“What was her name?” Sara asked.
“Her name was Sarah, but spelled with an h. You were named after her.”
Sara looked at her in shock. “I was…why?”
“Because, your mother inherited her ‘gifts of knowing’ and then passed it onto you.”
“I can hardly remember my mother. I was only four, yet I miss her so much.”
“She was an extraordinary person. She knew she did not have long on this earth, right up to the day she passed away. She always was helping others until that terrible day she died, after being hit by a drunk driver. We were thankful for her life and that you were not with her. It was hard for everyone as she was well loved,” Granny sighed, catching her breath, before continuing, “Yet, she remains with us in spirit through you.”
“I will never be as beautiful, talented, or as well liked as my mother.”
“You are, and you will be. That is why fate brought you back home. So, I can teach you how.”
Sara had much to ponder that night, following Granny’s words and snuggled in the large Queen Ann bed in her mother’s old room. She knew her mother was with her now as she always had been. Yet in the past, Sara just couldn’t open herself up to it. Granny will show me how to use my gift, she thought. Suddenly, Sara felt everything would be all right since she had known that this was the place where she was meant to be right now. Comforted, she managed to doze off in a peaceful slumber.

Granny was thrilled to show Sara the town, take her to the mall to buy clothes for school, and finally register her at her new school. It was quite exciting to her until the school part, and then Sara began to feel much trepidation. 
Granny immediately sensed her anxiety and asked her as they were returning home, what was the matter.
“Nothing, I’m just having a panic attack,” Sara panted, to which Granny reminded her to take in big breaths slowly.
“I don’t know if I can handle this. School has been just such an awful experience in the past. There was all this negative energy bombarding me all the time with everyone’s problems. I just can’t deal with it,” Sara spurted out.
“I understand,” Granny remarked as she patted her knee, “I understand completely. You are so young to have to deal with your gift, but during the next couple of weeks, I will teach you the best I can on how to understand it, at least.”
And this was when the lessons, over tea and cookies, began. “Sara,” Granny explained, “Everyone is born with a gift, and our purpose in life is to realize this gift and use it to serve others. We are born at different spiritual levels. Some, with a gift like yours, are at a higher level and are wise beyond their years. We must all experience life to learn from it, some more than others.”
“Now, I know why I was being teased constantly by the other kids. I just didn’t relate to them and they knew it,” Sara surmised.
“You cannot internalize other people’s feelings or energy levels, or it will drain you,” Granny continued.
“But how can I not…it overwhelms me.”
“You need to distance yourself from it…. and become an observer, instead of a participant,” Granny explained while pouring her second cup of tea.
“That’s easier said than done,” Sara groaned.
“Yes, but you can do it, and I will show you how as the weeks go on.”
“I hope so,” Sara replied with a despondent sigh.
Granny was true to her word. First; when they went to a women’s quilting club at Granny’s church the next day, Granny gave her an assignment. Granny was crafty in more ways than one, especially in sharing her quilting talents. Sara’s first assignment was to observe the women at the meeting and to explain, later, any vibes she received from them.
That was a fun and easy one for Sara since usually no one cared about what she thought or felt. There was one woman named Carol, in particular, within whom Sara could feel much sadness. She had a recent loss of her husband and an impending and undiagnosed illness herself.  Later Granny confirmed this as Sara noted her discreetly steering the subject towards doctors and physicals, until Carol was reminded that it was time to make an appointment.
“See, how you use your intuition to enlighten someone about their condition without being overt about it,” Granny suggested, after the club meeting. “It’s the power of suggestion.”
“I guess I’ve just been too honest,” Sara observed.
“Most people don’t like to be told about things. You just have to make it seem as though it’s their idea,” Granny went on. “It’s an art and takes a while to perfect. At first, it’s better to just observe and then we can work on each case, one by one, until you get it down.”
“So, it’s like being a detective.” 
“In a way, however, it is best to be a secret sleuth for now as our gift is not widely accepted by everyone. That is, until we can determine whom we can trust and will remain our most kindred spirits,” Granny explained.

Granny decided that Sara needed a friend and there was no arguing with her on this. “We need to find you someone special with whom you can confide in, during your difficult times,” Granny announced, suddenly, the next morning.
“Hello,” Sara complained. “Can’t I choose my own friends, not that I’ve ever truly had one that understood me or accepted me for myself.”
“I have just the right one for you,” Granny said. “Trust me!”
“Yeah, right,” Sara exclaimed. “Like you can pick me out a friend, just like that!”
Sara should have known that Granny was right. That afternoon, they drove over to Penn’s Apple Farms for some fresh veggies and there was her best friend to be. It was tiny, furry, friendly, and cuddly, except for the claws. Out of a litter of six kittens, one came over and adopted Sara. She was a torte-tabby mix with unique markings of gray, black, and reddish streaks that reflected in the sun. She had a knowing look about her. One that Sara knew would always be there for her. The kitten jumped right up onto her lap, just purring her song of delight, mystically communicating her inner being to Sara. 
“Guess we found what we came for,” Granny smiled in a satisfied way, grabbing a bag of her fresh farm goods.
“How did you know?” Sara asked, astonishingly.
“I had that feeling this was the place to come,” Granny replied mischievously with a sparkle in her eye. “You will need someone to share your inner most feelings with; someone that will love you unconditionally and with whom you can confide in when you need to. I think this darling little fluff of fur will do the job.”
“I never had a pet before with Dad’s allergies and all!” Sara exclaimed.
“It is about time, then! She can stay at my place if need be. So, what should we name her?”
“How about Mystic?” Sara suggested.
“Sounds good to me. Let’s go buy Mystic her kitty needs.”
Granny was right, of course, as Mystic and Sara bonded immediately and she settled right into Granny’s home as if it was her very own castle.

Chapter Three

The following week flashed by as the movers delivered the furniture, and Dad and Sara unpacked and settled into their rented townhouse. Then, it was time for school to begin. It was within walking distance from Granny’s house. Dad would typically pick Sara up late on Fridays for the weekend. Currently, Sara had two homes and it worked out well for her.  She was able to help Granny with the household, and when she was there, her best friend would sleep with her and lick her on the nose when it was time to get up.
Granny hugged Sara goodbye her first day in 8th grade with the parting advice to cautiously observe, rather than immediately interact and to first feel out the environment. After all of the quiet surroundings of home, the total chaos and crazy energy levels at school were almost disturbing to her at first. She just wanted to find a quiet corner. 
It was interesting to listen to the chatter of friends becoming reacquainted, following summer vacation. Her first class was American History, which was taught by Mr. Hastings; a little man with a big head as Sara heard him described from the back corner of the classroom. Sara was always fascinated with American History since she was hoping to learn more about her ancestor’s time.
“Hey, are you new or something?” a tall, skinny boy named Brad asked, plopping his books on the only desk left in the room and next to Sara.
“Yes, I’m Sara and I just moved here from California.”
“Unlucky break for you,” he commented.
Sara shrugged her shoulders as Mr. Hastings began class.
Computer class always caused Sara trepidation since she had much unexplainable difficulty dealing with the computers. It wasn’t that she didn’t know how to use them. It was just her energy level, depending on her mood, would affect them. It seemed the more anxious she became, the more her energy surged, which negatively affected the computer. Strange things would occur, such as software suddenly deleting. This would result in the teacher becoming annoyed, to downright irate, which would make matters even worse.
Teachers would think Sara was totally being ditzy when, in actuality, the computer agitated her energy level which would then spiral it out of control. It was so embarrassing for her that she couldn’t concentrate on the instructions. Then, it wouldn’t help when some idiotic boy would give her a hard time, and some girl would make a snotty remark about it. So, Sara would have to concentrate on breathing deeply and wander into a la-la state of mind to try to control her energy levels once again.
Mr. Roth taught Sara’s math class. Math just wasn’t her subject because it was so very logical and totally concrete. She just didn’t function in that manner. Yet, Mr. Roth was intriguing with his varying energy levels and good looks. He could go from being totally sweet to angry in 10 seconds flat. It could be downright scary at times when he was on a roll. Sara would attempt to duck into oblivion until it passed.
Then, there was Mrs. Wright, who taught English and lived up to her name with her bleached blond hair. She was very cool, calm, and in control. However, something told Sara to watch out as she could be extremely two faced. She just didn’t trust her. 
Sara did not look forward to lunch that day since she wasn’t in a group and didn’t know anyone. Typically shy, she tried Granny’s suggestion to observe from the perimeters to get a feel of things. That is when she spotted a table near the window where a girl was watching her, and there was a seat remaining. Sara could tell it was the geek table and that it would be safe. 
If they are anything like my dad, she thought, they wouldn’t have a clue and my identity would remain secure. Their conversation was about math club and not people, unlike the popular and pretty group of girls, who sat behind them. Tammy introduced herself, yet remained totally self-absorbed with the topic at hand. Sara feigned interest as she listened to the shallow conversation about boys from the popular girls’ table. At least the geeks realized their gifts in life while the popular girls were totally mindless about it, Sara decided.

After school as Sara was sharing her day and experiences with Granny about her teachers, she remarked, “If you are clever, you will study your teachers and their type of personality and prepare accordingly.”
“How’s that?” Sara asked as she chomped down on one of Granny’s homemade cookies.
“Well, for example, with Mr. Hastings’s whom you described as a little man with a big head, you need to boost his ego as he most probably has an inferiority complex. With Mr. Roth; expect the unexpected, like pop quizzes, since he is more spontaneous. Never argue with Mrs. Wright and in your computer class, envision a circle of light around you to contain your energy, so it doesn’t affect your computer.”
“Wow,” Sara said. “I never thought of that.”
“EQ or emotional quotient is just as important as IQ since you can better relate to the world. That is our gift when used properly: to empower the world by our energy levels. It’s almost a science, you might say, but it still remains a mystery on how it relates to the universe. By the way, who is your Earth Science teacher?”
“Oh, Mr. Keene and I like him the best; he’s totally funny!”
“Well, maybe Mr. Keene will explain the Earth’s magnets and how it affects us,” Granny grinned. 
“You mean, like when we have a full moon?” Sara asked.
“Something like that,” Granny pondered. “Maybe someday, we’ll get more fully into that subject.”
Mystic jumped onto Sara’s lap and began to lick her with her rough tongue. She meowed as Sara grabbed her to head upstairs to begin her homework. Mystic stretched out on the bed, besides Sara, as she opened her science book.
“You really do understand me, don’t you?” Sara said, scratching Mystic’s neck as she purred.
“You know, I don’t need this silly old journal anymore. It takes too much of my time with all my homework. All I need to do is talk to you, don’t I,” Sara whispered. “You know all the answers. I can tell!”
Mystic just looked at Sara with her big green eyes and meowed knowingly.

Chapter Four

Sara went home for the weekend to spend some quality time with Dad.  He seemed tired, following his week of training, and his idea of rest was setting up his computer. Sara was left with much of the unpacking detail, but that was okay with her since she was the one who used most of the stuff anyway.
Dad wasn’t much of a conversationalist, to say the least, but Sara felt a feeling of contentment with him and his new job. Just before she was to be dropped off at Granny’s house, he took her for a ride to the cemetery to visit her mother’s grave. He attached a beautiful spray of flowers to her stone while Sara weeded around the perimeters.
“I wish I got to know her better,” Sara murmured.  She felt she was missing out so much in life without her mom.
“Yes,” Dad sighed and then gave her a hug. “Nothing’s been quite the same. However, I am very grateful to have you.” 
Sara realized that this was a rare moment of sentiment, on his part, and returned his sad smile. Following a final hug, they continued on their trip across town to Granny’s house.
“So, how’s work?”  Sara asked, attempting to make some conversation.
“It’s going as expected,” Dad replied. “And do you have all your homework done?”
“Just about,” Sara responded. “I just have to study for a test.”
“What kind of a test?” he inquired.
“A multiple guess test.”
“You should do quite well with that, then.”
“Yeah,” Sara agreed. “Those tests are usually the easiest ones for me.” All she had to do was open her mind to the universe and the answer tended to pop right in. Good deal!
Dad stayed for dinner and then headed home to get ready for his early morning commute to the big city. Afterwards, Granny and Sara sat around to chat over her homemade apple pie.
“Your dad was always so good for your mom,” Granny reminisced.
“In what way?” Sara asked. 
“He was her foundation and she needed one. Kayleen could be considered somewhat flighty and fun, but David was her rock,” Granny explained. “He does seem lonely, however.”
“I guess that’s my fault,” Sara admitted.
“In what way?” Granny asked while clearing the table.
“I, somewhat, sabotaged his relationship with Renee,” she admitted.
“Well, tell me about it.” 
“Dad met her at work. She was divorced with a 5-year-old son named Bobby. He was a real spoiled brat and we would go on vacations together. Renee was good looking, yet extremely self-absorbed, you might say. She was into her career and material things, like big houses, fancy cars…you know,” Sara went on as Granny nodded. “I would get these premonitions and it would spook her out. I only thought I was helping her!”
“Such as?” Granny asked.
“Well, I predicted her promotion and that our vacation plans would be delayed because of the weather. But, she just totally freaked out when I told her Bobby fell off his bike and broke his arm, before she even knew,” Sara explained. “After that, she just split and worse yet, she told everyone in the office. I realize now, it made for a very embarrassing situation for Dad. I guess that’s when he decided to look for another job.”
“I see,” Granny sympathized. “You were very young and just didn’t know how to deal with the gift.”
“It’s awful, sometimes, to know that things are going to happen. I mean, if you warn someone and you’re right, you’re considered weird.  If you’re wrong, you’ve totally scared them. I just don’t know what to do,” Sara groaned.
“Well, the good news is I’m here to help you through this until you can better handle it on your own. I’m not saying that I’ll always be right, but I will be here to support you in any way I can,” Granny promised her, giving Sara a hug, as she continued, “Lesson one is to disassociate yourself from the situation.” 
“How do I do that?” Sara asked.
“It’s human nature to automatically respond, either in a positive or negative way, to a situation. After all, we are all emotional human beings, so an action usually produces a reaction. Positive energy attracts and negative energy repels as the theory suggest. However, to disassociate yourself is to not react in a positive or a negative way, so that you can intuitively feel the basis of the action or reaction. In this way, you can better determine any intervention needed. It is really hard to do, because everyone wants to pull you into their energy level. Yet, to be a true psychic sleuth, this form of intuitive investigation is first needed.”
“Wow, this is so heavy,” Sara interjected.
“Yes, it can be, but with a little maturity and practice, you can better use your gift for the benefit of others,” Granny explained. “We will start small with the basics.”
“Like, how?” Sara asked.
“Well, first put out your antennas as you walk into a new situation and note where the positive or negative energy lies. Everyone gives you vibes of some type,” she explained.
“What if it is one of danger?” Sara asked, intrigued.
“If it’s a danger for you, find the safest escape route by listening to your intuition. When you truly open up, you will hear it. If it’s about someone else, you can either divert or detain depending on the situation. To divert, without explaining the premonition, you can make suggestions depending on the circumstances and to detain is a stalling maneuver. Sometimes, you have to be creative,” Granny went on.
“I don’t have any problem in that area,” Sara acknowledged. “It’s not blurting out advice, that’s hard.”
“I think we all have a problem with that, sometimes,” Granny agreed. “You have to remember everyone is on a journey of their own, and sometimes it’s better not to interfere unless there is immediate danger of some type. It is natural to learn things the hard way.”
“When you can read someone’s intentions and you question them, did you ever get called paranoid?” Sara inquired as she petted Mystic who was purring on her lap.
“We have been called everything in the book, and being labeled paranoid is just a defense technique to avoid accepting incoming advice or stimuli. People don’t like to have their minds read or their real motives questioned, so they deflect the issue by labeling someone. Has anyone ever called you paranoid?” Granny questioned.
“Yes, Renee, all the time…she was like, beyond logical. I mean Dad is a computer nerd, but at least he’s nice about my weirdness, but Renee was something else,” Sara explained.
“Remember, he had a wonderful lady to teach him tolerance… your mother. Opposites attract for a reason and that is to counterbalance one another. However, it doesn’t work out for everyone,” Granny surmised as she finished wiping the table. “And remember, if you don’t know the answers, just stroke Mystic and reflect on the situation and in due time it will come.  The important thing is to not overreact.”
Sara looked down at Mystic and into her mysterious eyes. Somehow, cats have a knowing look about them. We just have to figure it out, she reflected. 
The next day at school Sara realized her first job was to find a group of friends she could hang out with. It was no fun eating lunch alone.  Of course, that was easier said than done. The geek table was always inviting, except somewhat non-stimulating when the subject centered on their upcoming math competition with Northwood, Sara’s least favorite subject. The popular girls were at another table, but completely into themselves and boys, which Sara was not.  She didn’t fit in with the Metal Heads or the Goths. So, for the lack of time, she just sat down at the closest table. 
“It always seemed when you weren’t looking for something, it would suddenly appear. Have faith in the universe,” Granny would remind her.
Suddenly, Sara heard a squeaky voice ask, “Mind if I sit here?”
“Go ahead,” Sara shrugged her shoulders as she noted a skinny guy with a butch cut, sitting across from her.
“You’re new here, aren’t you? Like, from California,” he went on.
“Yeah,” Sara said. “How do you know?”
“Well, this town’s not that big and we tend to know who’s new. Anyway, you’re in my English class.”
“Oh yeah, you sit on the other side near the windows, don’t you,” Sara observed. “And your name is Ryan, right?”
“YEP,” he acknowledged and then continued. “So, how was life in California?” 
“Great, lots of sun and fun and always something to do,” Sara expressed. “But otherwise, not that different.”
“Well, we just moved here from Arizona, the Phoenix area. So, it’s a big difference for me,” he remarked.
“I was born here and we moved to California when I was four. I remember the mountains and the seasons. So, what brought you here?” Sara asked, feeling he needed to talk about it.
“My dad died, so my mom moved back home to be near our relatives. He was a casualty of the Afghan war; roadside bomb. He was in the guard. My mom’s really hurting. I have a younger sister,” he mumbled, not looking her in the eye.
“I’m so sorry,” Sara said, feeling terrible for inquiring, but knowing it was important for him to express this, so they could form a bond.
“And how about you?” Ryan inquired, wanting to change the subject. 
“Well, we moved away after my mom died in a car crash.  Then, my dad got a job in the city and we moved back to help with Granny Brock,” Sara explained.
“Is she the psychic?” he asked.
Oh no, Sara’s mind began to race. Here he was new and already word had gotten out about their family. Breathe, breathe and keep calm, Sara reminded herself. “What do you mean?” she inquired, casually.
“Well, someone told my mom to visit your Granny Brock if she wanted to communicate with my dad, you know, on the other side.”
“I guess I’m just going to have to ask her,” Sara responded, somewhat nonchalantly, before changing the subject. “So, what do you think about our English assignment?”
“I haven’t had time to think about it. I’ve been busy doing odd jobs and my paper route to help out until Mom finds a job.”
“English is my best subject, so if you need any help, just ask,” Sara mentioned, as the bell rang.
“Thanks,” Ryan responded. “And the same goes if you need help with computer class.”
Sara just smiled and groaned as she remembered that he was in her computer class too.

That night, Sara did have a question to ask Granny about the rumor that she could communicate with the dead.
“Is it true?” Sara asked her as she finished up the dishes.
“Of course, some of us have that ability,” Granny replied and then went on to explain, “I was known as one of the well-known mediums in the area, in my day, that is. But, it is now too much for me, at my age. I’ve had to give up the group séances and now I just deal with individual matters. How about you?”
“No, I mean I just get these premonitions about things, sometimes.”
“I remember at one time when you were about three, you use to have an imaginary friend named Angela,” Granny recalled.
“Well,” Sara hemmed and hawed. “I guess I did, but I’ve forgotten about it.”
“Which most of us do with time, so the possibility is there.”
“That is just too scary for me to think about, right now. So, do you communicate with my mom?” Sara asked with her eyes as wide as sauces with anticipation.
“Of course, who do you think arranged for you to return back home, so we can perfect your gift?” Granny winked at Sara.
“How is she?” Sara quickly inserted, still in a state of shock.
“Fine, she’s always been with you, near, but at a distance. She loves you very much.” 
“I know. I can feel her at times. Sometimes, when I’m startled awake at night, I think I see her, but she disappears if I turn on the light,” Sara remarked, feeling a bit uncomfortable discussing it. 
“Does she appear to have a bluish glow about her?” Granny asked, gently.
Sara’s eyes widen as she hesitated before saying, “Yes, how do you know?”
“That’s how your mother appears to me,” Granny admitted.
“Wow,” Sara exhaled with astonishment. “Well, I – uh….think, I better get some homework done now if you don’t mind.”
“Go right ahead, my dear,” Granny grinned as she started working on her crocheting project.
With that, Sara went upstairs and sat on her bed as Mystic jumped on her lap. Sara started stroking her fur and she began to purr contently.  She had so much to think about, she was unable to concentrate on her studies.

Chapter Five

Sara began to notice that Ryan was always there for her, too much, as a matter of fact. He seemed really lonely and needy. Of course, he had to sit next to Sara in computer class. This would agitate her, to the point that strange things would happen to the computer programs. 
Finally, Mr. Compton began to notice. “Why is it that your computer always seems to have problems, Miss Neuman?”
Sara just shrugged as her face turned red.
“I bet I know,” Ryan whispered into her ear. 
“Why?”  she hissed at him.
“Because, you’re just like your Granny.”
“Shut up.  I am not and go away.”
“Mr. Jordan and Miss Neuman, is there a problem?”
“No, no,” Ryan replied. “I’m just fixing her program.”
“Then, do it quietly, please,” Mr. Compton warned and then went on with his lesson.
During the rest of the class, Sara fumed, wondering how Ryan knew. How embarrassing. Her mind began to race, and she had to remember to breathe slowly and disassociate. 
When the bell rang, Sara practically ran out of the computer lab, not looking in Ryan’s direction, but he caught up to her. “Wait a minute,” he said, out of breath.
“Just go away and leave me alone, will ya?” Sara hissed as she hurried off to English class. Then, he sat next to her there too, but she wouldn’t look at him. If that wasn’t bad enough, Mrs. Wright started off totally annoyed when a few didn’t hand in their assignments on time, including Ryan. Sara remembered him saying he had to work late last night raking old Mr. Brown’s lawn, so after being verbally bashed, she almost felt sorry for him.
Sara could hear one of the guys in back of her commenting, “Man, she is so totally uptight today; she could use a good……...”
“Shut up,” another guy hissed. “She’s looking at us.”
Luckily, Mrs. Wright didn’t hear the actual comment, despite her questioning them, but the class ended up being given a really difficult verbal pop quiz. Sara thought she threw in a few tough questions, just to get even with some of them.  
As Sara cowered behind her desk, so Mrs. Wright wouldn’t call on her during the discussion about their literature assignment, all of a sudden, she felt her pain and dilemma. Sara knew why she was so stressed out. Mrs. Wright and her husband were having marital issues. Here, she was ready to retire, but now she would have to do it alone, or so she thought.  She had to always be right and in control; however, now she felt out of control and her future frightened her. She couldn’t play the perfect role and hide behind it and pretend anymore. Soon, everyone would know, and she would have to somehow deal with it. It would be a total embarrassment and it felt like a personal failure to her. 
If she wasn’t so righteous, Sara could have felt sorry for her.  But, somehow, it was hard for her, the way she was.  Maybe Granny could better clarify the situation, Sara thought, as she murmured. “I’ll just hand it over to her. She’s my personal psychic dumping ground.”
Sara was glad when class was over to get away from all the negative energy and from Ryan, who had become a total pest and just didn’t get it.
“Go away,” Sara repeated at lunch. “What part of N-O don’t you get?”
“You need to hear me out,” Ryan pleaded.
“Why should I?” Sara asked.
“Because, it’s for your own good,” he replied.
With that, he piqued her interest. “Okay, shoot, but make it quick. What is it?”
“I’m sorry, I got you mad. That wasn’t my intention. I don’t have any plans of telling anyone our little secret about the computers. I just need your grandmother’s help with my mom,” he explained. ”She’s a real mess.”
“Like how?” Sara mumbled.
“Just ask your grandmother if she can help my mom with her grief over my dad. I won’t mention our little secret,” he bartered.
“First off,” Sara responded. “I don’t have any secrets and I’ll mention it to my granny, but I can’t make any promises, okay?” 
“That’s all I want…see you tomorrow, then?”
Sara sighed, rolling her eyes and mouthing the words, “Go away!”
Sara was so glad to be home. It was just one of those frustrating days. There was much to discuss with Granny that night, over dessert. Unlike her, Sara could count on Granny to be cool and calm about it all since she had been there before.
“You should know, that we can’t interfere with Mrs. Wright’s karma,” Granny reminded her. “It is a learning lesson of life that she, and only she, can work through and she will, in time. Just don’t stress her out or cause her any grief.”
“It wasn’t me,” Sara defended herself. “It was those boys in class.”
“I know of the Jordan’s situation and I will visit Ryan’s mother with some of my homemade chocolate chip cookies. It will all work itself out in time…that is why they say patience is a virtue.”
Sara was relieved that Granny always seemed to have a solution to these difficult problems. It helped Sara’s worry factor to be able to dump the heavy stuff on her. At least, Granny knew how to handle it. Sara could feel Granny’s mind working overtime as she sat down to crochet.

Dad was home for the weekend and they decided to take a hike in the mountains as the leaves began to turn. It gave them some quality time together. Dad seemed to be unusually happy lately, Sara noted, and asked him about his job. Sara sensed something was up in his personal life. She just needed a tactful way to approach it.
“So,” Sara remarked, casually. “Meeting any new people on the job?”
Dad hesitated, somewhat surprised, then grinned as he realized where they were going with this. “As a matter of fact, I have,” Dad replied. “It’s a good group of people that I work with and I’m meeting new ones every day.”
“Anyone special?” Sara quizzed him in a teasing manner.
“Well, there is one friend I thought maybe you could meet. Perhaps, one weekend, we can take in a show in the city and spend some time there.”
“So, what’s her name?” Sara asked him directly.
“Jena. She’s in the accounting office one floor up. There’s no keeping secrets from you, is there?” 
“Nope,” Sara agreed as they rested by sitting on a rock, overlooking the valley. “It sure is pretty around here….”
“Yes, I forgot just how beautiful these mountains are in the fall. It’s like being a part of God’s country, just breathtaking. So, how is school going?” Dad went on.
“Oh, it’s just going, I guess.”
“Keeping the grades up?” he asked.
“Yes, except for math. It’s just so logical, but there is an annoying boy who helps me if needed,” she explained.
“Making any new friends?” Dad asked.
“I decided to take it slow and feel the place out first before I jump into any quick friendships. You remember how I lost faith in people out in California when I was betrayed?”
“Oh, you mean your friend, Emily.”
“I thought she was, but after being totally two faced when I trusted her, I guess I learned the hard way how some people can be.”
“That’s not an uncommon trait amongst people, especially in your age group,” Dad surmised. “Friendships come and go, and with them all the shared secrets.”
“Well, after that experience, it will take me a while to trust again.”
“And you will. As the saying goes, time heals all wounds, at least the physical ones, that is. The others take a while longer, especially being up here on the same trails I hiked with your mother years back. You know, you are looking more like her every day. It’s really amazing.”
“Even with me having your coloring…?
“That can change you know. I was talking about your perkiness and mannerisms,” Dad remarked.
“Well, thanks,” Sara smiled, feeling somewhat pleased. “I guess I will take that as a compliment, then.”  

Monday always came too fast and Sara was just a mental mess. She was up all night with a ‘vision’ that she really did not care to know about. It involved her dad getting into a relationship that didn’t feel right. Of course, Sara realized that she never met the lady, but when she thought about it, she became quite anxious. Sometimes, she would feel something’s not right, but she didn’t know all the details and that would make it even worse. Then, her increase in agitation caused a sporadic energy level and this again affected her programs on the computer at school. If computer class were not a required course, she wouldn’t have taken it.  But, she had no choice. She kept telling herself that she needed to breathe slowly. Today, she was even grateful that Ryan was next to her since he managed to compensate once again for a computer melt down with his ingenious interventions. Today, she wouldn’t give him any trouble.
In American History, Mr. Hastings droned on about the pilgrims. As usual, he was on someone about something. Today, it was Mike, who hadn’t done his homework. Little did Sara know, as she tuned out, that she was concentrating on the fly on top of his water bottle.  Suddenly, the bottle began to slowly move across the table and then tipped over, where Mr. Hastings was sitting behind his desk. She never saw anyone jump so high and so fast as water dripped down onto his lap. Of course, the other kids in the class thought this was hilarious while she just sat there quietly, trying not to look guilty. Sara couldn’t believe she was responsible, but strange things would happen when her energy levels were focused. So far, no one suspected her and luckily, Ryan wasn’t in this class. Needless to say, Mr. Hastings sat behind his desk the rest of the period to dry off.
Sara felt so out of control the rest of the day that she asked to be excused to visit the nurse. She just needed to go home and regroup. As soon as she got home, she hit the sack. She felt exhausted and spent. This always happened when Sara knew something was about to occur, but not all the details. It made her feel edgy. As she was about to fall asleep, Granny came in and sat on her bed.
“So, do you want to tell me what has happened?” She got right to the point.
“I don’t know, I just feel so down,” Sara responded wearily. “I just can’t seem to control my energy surges. It’s really messing me up.”
“Like how, for example?” Granny asked, stroking Sara’s hair.
“Well, my computer keeps crashing and I moved a water bottle until it fell on my social studies teacher’s lap. It was just an awful day,” Sara explained. “Now, I’m so tired.”
“Anything else?” Granny pursued.
“Something’s going on with Dad that’s just not right, but I don’t know exactly what,” Sara went on. “It’s just a bad feeling, without specifics, and it kept me up last night.”
“I see,” Granny empathized. “Just get some rest and everything will all be much clearer in the morning. Concentrate on your dreams; sometimes they will hold the answers.”
“I will,” Sara answered as she gradually dozed off from sheer exhaustion.

Chapter Six

The next morning Sara woke up with a start when Mystic started licking her nose. This was annoying in one way, but productive, in that she was in the middle of a dream and recalled the details. Dad and his new friend, Jena, were horseback riding when he was distracted by Jena calling out his name. He suddenly turned and was thrown off the horse after his head hit a tree branch. Then, Sara was awake.
“No horseback riding for us,” she promised herself.  Sara was still exhausted, but went back to sleep and woke up after 10:00 am with a start. 
“Granny,” she called, getting up quickly. “Why didn’t you wake me for school?”
“Don’t worry,” she answered. “I called in for you. Today, you need to rest.”
“But, I have a math test,” Sara explained.
“It can wait, but your health cannot. So, you and I are just going to take it easy and maybe make some peanut butter cookies. What do you say?”
“Okay, but if I flunk math, it’s all your fault!” Sara stated, emphatically.
“What are grannies for, anyway?” she asked with a wink.
That afternoon, they had a visitor, Ryan. Granny answered the door and invited him in.  Right away, she offered him freshly baked cookies, which he gladly accepted.
“Wow,” he exclaimed, munching heartily. “These sure are good.” 
“So, you’re Laura’s boy,” Granny mentioned. “I met your mother and sister yesterday and I’m so glad she found a job she likes.”
Ryan smiled. “Thanks, I brought you your homework, Sara.”
“Great and how was the math test?”
“Easy.”
“Yea, and of course, only you would say that.”
“I can help you study for it, as long as I can have more cookies,” he offered.
“Now, wouldn’t that be cheating?” Sara asked, looking at Granny.
“Don’t worry; he never gives the same test as a make-up. He’s too smart for that. I can just review the important stuff, if you know what I mean,” he assured her. “I need to study for the math competition coming up, anyway.”
“How many are going?” Sara inquired.
“Four, and I’m the only guy,” Ryan said.
“O-h-h-h, that should be fun!” She responded, teasingly.
“Yeah, right. I just don’t want to look bad, so help me out here,” he explained.
With that, Ryan and Sara hit the books for as long as she could endure. Sending him home with a plateful of cookies, Granny remarked, “He’s a nice boy.”
“Yeah,” Sara agreed. “But, he can be a real pest, sometimes.”
“You know, Sara,” Granny said. “He’s your first case.”
“What do you mean, my first case?” Sara asked, confused.
“To use your gift, he needs you right now.  He’s really hurting, the whole family is. His mother is very depressed, and he is trying to hold the family up emotionally and financially with his extra jobs as best as he can. He has a lot on his shoulders right now, and you can help him by being supportive,” Granny reminded her.
“The problem is that he knows. I don’t want anyone to know. I just want to be normal. I don’t want to be different or be made fun of, like at the last school,” Sara sniffled, remembering all the pain that was involved.
“God made you different for a reason. He gave you a gift. You don’t have to flaunt it, but neither should you hide it. You were given this gift to make a difference. I know you think it’s a burden, but we all have a purpose in life, and yours is to help people through this gift given to you,” Granny explained softly as Sara blew her nose.
“Everyone will think he’s my boyfriend,” she countered.
“I know you are young, but you’re only in the 8th grade. This is a time to have a group of friends, and I have a feeling Ryan is the type who will be loyal to your secret and work with you. He is not so different from us,” Granny went on.
“In what way?”  Sara asked with astonishment.
“Well, his mother is concerned with him having visions of his dad and communicating to him with messages. She’s doesn’t know what to think since they are pretty accurate,” Granny explained.
“Like what?” Sara asked, curiously.
“For example, Ryan knew where important papers concerning his dad’s life insurance policy were hidden. She is concerned about him, also.” 
“But, Ryan said that it was his mother who wanted to know about contacting his dad,” Sara stated.
“He’s not ready to admit it, either,” Granny explained. “His mother is trying to understand what’s going on and they are all confused by this, also,”
“So, do you think we were put together for a purpose?” Sara asked.
Granny nodded her head, “You both could do a lot of good if you used your gifts properly.”
“What do you mean properly?” Sara inquired.
“Like not concentrating on a fly on a water bottle,” Granny laughed.
“I know. I shouldn’t have been tempted.”
“So, you knew what was going to happen?” Granny asked, looking at her out of the corner of her eye.
“I guess I couldn’t help but think Mr. Hines was so full of himself, especially when he was putting down this guy for the wrong answer. It made me angry, and I just focused on his water bottle and it just happened,” Sara admitted.
“I see,” Granny said, knowingly. “Anger is never a good thing, is it?’
Sara nodded her head in agreement; however, she remained ashamed that she didn’t feel worse about her transgression.

That weekend, Dad and Sara returned to the city for the day to meet his new girlfriend. Sara wished she could be more enthusiastic about it. She would have liked to spend the day alone with Dad, but she didn’t have much choice. Jena met them at the play, ‘Legally Blonde’ which had always been a favorite movie of Sara’s.  Jena was dressed to the hilt as many of the New York City career ladies were and Dad, Sara could tell, was totally smitten. It didn’t take being a psychic to know that. They seemed to speak their own language and Sara felt very much like an outsider. 
Later they went to a quaint Italian restaurant for dinner, where Sara had no complaints about the food, since the pizza was delicious. They toured the city in Jena’s BMW. Then, they stopped at her classy apartment, overlooking Central Park, where they were invited in for refreshments. It was obvious to Sara that she was wealthy. She had a designer’s touch. As they sat down, Jena attempted to make conversation with Sara, which involved mostly answering Jena’s questions.  Jena and Dad virtually cooed at each other, which was totally disgusting, but Sara had a chance to study her. Actually, Sara couldn’t see what Jena saw in Dad. She resembled a movie star and seemed so glamorous, while Dad was just a good-looking nerd. What was it? Sara just couldn’t figure it out.
“Oh, well,” she decided. “It will come to me.”
They headed home on the late train as Dad anxiously pumped Sara for her opinion. “I don’t know her, Dad. What do you think about her?” Sara returned the question. 
“Obviously, I like her very much,” he answered.
“Why?” Sara asked.
“Well, we seem to be compatible with our backgrounds and interests, and I just can’t describe it,” he remarked. “We just seem to hit it off.”
“Whatever you say,” Sara sighed, not feeling very convinced.
They finally returned to the townhouse in the wee hours of the morning, totally exhausted, and Sara was very glad to be able to sleep in Sunday morning.

On Monday, Sara was back to her humdrum routine. Ryan’s team won the math competition, and he held his own with the whiz girls. So, he seemed to be in a great mood. Sara began to trust him more since they had shared secrets, which relaxed her, causing her computer to behave better.  She was hoping to be able to raise her C average with a little more computer cooperation. Sara knew that Mr. O’Neil continued to think she was a complete ditz.
After school, Ryan walked Sara home. They kicked the colorful leaves as they were floating downward over their heads. “So, you know,” he stated.
“About what?” Sara asked, coyly.
“About me, your granny told you. I got it from my mom,” he replied. ”I can tell because you don’t seem so nervous about things.”
“I don’t know whom to trust as I was really betrayed in California. It caused me a lot of grief, to the point that it affected my dad’s work and relationships, so he decided to move us back here for a new beginning,” Sara rambled on.
“You can trust me since we have a shared secret, now,” he assured Sara.
“Fine, but if you mess with me, I’ll put a hex on you,” Sara teased.
“Oh, I’m so scared,” he pretended to shake and they both laughed. 
“My granny says it is a gift to be used to help others, and she is helping me learn how to control it,” Sara continued.
“Well, maybe if we work together with your Granny, as our consultant, we could make some positive changes,” Ryan suggested, “Like we could be psychic sleuths.”
“Yeah right…” Sara began.
“Seriously, I get the low down as to what’s happening at school, and maybe we can make some positive interventions,” he suggested. “However, no more icing like with Mr. Hastings.”
“You heard about that?” Sara asked. 
“Yeah, it was the talk of the school. Don’t worry, with your innocent look, nobody suspected you,” he assured her.
“I just have to learn how to control my energy at times.” Sara admitted.
“Yeah, but I can help. Trust me,” he repeated.
“Do I have a choice at this point?” she asked him.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be the last one to try and make you mad,” he replied. “I know the consequences can be devastating.”
With that, Sara gave him a big shove, and he landed in a pile of leaves.

Chapter Seven

Dad called Sara on Thursday night to tell her he was heading up to Vermont to visit Jena’s parents, who lived on a horse farm. As Sara listened, she went into total shock, remembering her dream. 
“Do they have horses?” Sara asked quickly.
“Yes, it’s a horse farm and it will be fun to be back riding again. I just want to let you know that you will need to stay with your grandmother this weekend,” Dad went on. “My phone is beginning to break up, so I better go. I’ll call you Sunday night.”
“Dad, wait…you can’t go…do you hear me?”  But, it was too late; his cell phone had died.
“Granny, Granny,” Sara yelled. “Where are you?”
“I’m here, child, what is it?”
“My dream, my dream and Dad is going to Vermont with Jena to her parent’s horse farm. We can’t let him go!” Sara cried. “You have to help me. He’s going to be hurt or worse….in my dream, remember?”
“Calm down, child. Yes, I remember,” Granny recalled. “Did you tell him about your dream?”
“I couldn’t, his phone died. Anyway, he’s so into this Jena, he won’t pay any attention to me. What are we going to do?”
“First, tell your dad about your dream. Then, we’ll light a candle and offer a prayer up for his safety,” Granny instructed.
“But what if it doesn’t work?” Sara cried out.
“We can’t control other people’s lives. All we can do is offer a prayer of protection. Let go and let God do his work,” Granny consoled. “Do you want me to talk to him for you?”
“Yes, I’m just too scared to make any sense right now.” 
“Very well, you go finish your homework and I’ll keep trying his cell phone.”
Somehow, Sara felt better since it seemed that Granny had a direct line to heaven, and she had a lot more pull in the other world than she did. Yet, Sara still felt really uneasy about this. 
School was a challenge since Sara was now in a highly agitated state. Granny suggested she focus on other things. But, if it were an object, it would begin to move and she had to quickly try to disperse her energy. This amused Ryan greatly which just agitated her more.
Unfortunately, this all came into play in Mr. Roth’s class. He could be totally annoying to Sara, especially when he would question you to the ninth degree. He wanted more than the answer. He wanted to know how it was derived. Then, he was so clever. He could twist and turn it all around to make you look like a fool. Somehow, with everything that was happening, Sara just wasn’t in the mood to be picked on. Yet, he must have sensed this as she was his target today. It was too difficult for Sara to debate Mr. Roth and focus on her energy surges at the same time. But, Mr. Roth always had to win even the smallest debate and Sara was beginning to feel anger swell up. Ryan gave her a concerned look and waved his hand to help with the answers, however, Mr. Roth ignored him.
Sara diverted her attention and looked above the board at the screen hanging there to regroup, but Mr. Roth continued. She couldn’t stop. Honestly she couldn’t as the screen broke from the wall, hitting Mr. Roth on the shoulder as he jumped out of the way. At first, everyone was stunned and then broke out in laughter as she just dissolved into a stream of tears. Ryan asked for a pass for her, which was granted and Sara left for the girl’s bathroom in an attempt to regain her composure. Ryan was waiting outside the girls’ bathroom with her books and he walked her down to the lunchroom.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
Sara just shook her head miserably, “I just can’t go on this way.” 
“Well, he was being a total jerk to you,” Ryan consoled. “He deserved it.”
“Sometimes, I just hate him, the way he verbally puts us down,” Sara stated. “What was said after I left? I mean by the kids. Do they think I was responsible?”
“Don’t worry; they thought it was just a deserved act of fate. Actually, they felt sorry for you,” he explained. “Let’s go get something to eat before the lunchroom closes. I’m starving.”
Sara was glad for PE class, so she could use up some of her excess energy. It felt good for her to run and release her anxieties. Sara could have gone home, but she remained and finished out the day. On the way out, she bumped into Mr. Roth in the hall. She tried to avoid him, but he approached her to apologize about class. At least, he wasn’t hurt.
“I’m sorry if I upset you in class today,” he began. “That was not my intention.”
“That’s okay,” Sara murmured, looking for a quick escape; however, he went on and on. Luckily, Ryan approached, ending the conversation.
“Thanks,” Sara promised him. “I owe you one.”
“What was that all about?” Ryan inquired.
“He was apologizing to me. I don’t understand him. Sometimes he acts so bi-polar. One minute he’s demeaning and the next he’s sweet-talking. You never know what kind of mood to expect.”
“Yeah, tomorrow watch out, he’ll be on a roll again,” Ryan predicted.
“At least, he wasn’t hurt,” Sara said.
“Not physically, at least, but you sure did a good job on his ego.”
With that, Sara headed home to once again share her disastrous day with Granny.
Granny, of course, was as distressed as she was since she didn’t know how to help.
“I don’t know what to do for you, except to pray for a shield of protection when you feel your energy surge,” Granny suggested, shaking her head.
“It just comes about so fast. I don’t know how to react,” Sara whined.
“Well, you’re right, this can’t go on. I’ll pray on it,” Granny promised, which was her solution to an unsolvable problem.
“Did you talk to Dad?” she asked anxiously.
“Yes, I reached him and warned him of your concerns. The rest is out of our hands. Now, let’s do something to take our minds off everything, like make some pies for the Church bazaar,” Granny suggested. “I could use some help.”
Granny’s philosophy worked, by keeping Sara busy the rest of the day with making several apple pies. She also volunteered her to assist with the baked goods table. “It’s about time you expanded your horizons,” Granny remarked. 
Sara admitted, she was skeptical at first, but it proved to be very interesting. Granny introduced her to everyone. Sara just smiled shyly and did her job. When the youth minister, Pastor Matt wandered about, it became more interesting since he was way beyond cute. With him were some of the other kids from the church. He said hi to Granny and introduced himself and others to Sara. She recognized a few from school. Then, he suggested that Mia remain and help Sara out. Sara didn’t really need someone to help; however, Mia seemed really quiet. 
Sara attempted to draw her into conversation, but she only politely answered her questions. Sara felt an aura of negative energy around her, but again, she couldn’t be specific as to the cause until her hand accidentally touched hers. Oh my goodness, Sara became breathless. She’s been horribly abused. Sara could feel her pain and then see it in her eyes. Mia, somehow, felt the connection also, and suddenly blurted out as if she needed to explain things.  
“I’ve been in and out of foster homes most of my life. I’m now staying with the Pastor Ken’s family,” she rapidly reeled off.
“I didn’t know that,” Sara managed to mumble.
“Yes, they’ve been very nice to me,” she mentioned. “I help them with their twins and things.”
It was a short conversation as their booth was one of the busiest. During Sara’s break, she wandered around a bit to look at the crafts, when all of a sudden she felt panicky. Her dad’s image came to her mind and a voice told her to call him quickly. She couldn’t reach for her cell phone fast enough and just prayed they would connect. Sara was so relieved when he answered.
“Dad, Dad, what are you doing?” she asked, breathlessly.
“Just out here riding with Jena and enjoying the beautiful scenery. What’s up? Is everything okay?” he asked as she heard Jena’s voice calling his name.
“Dad, just do as I say for once, please…just stop the horse right where you are.”
“Sure, Sara…done…now, what is this all about?”  he asked, confused.
“Now look up, what do you see?” she asked anxiously.
There was a pause, and then Sara heard a crack of some type, followed by a scream, with a horse whinnying with fright. Then, there was a pause of silence. 
“Dad, Dad, are you okay, answer me, Dad, please,” Sara cried out.
His voice finally answered, shakily, “A big branch just broke off in front of me. How did you know, Sara?” he continued slowly in disbelief.
Tears came to Sara’s eyes, “I dreamt it, Dad. I saw what would happen.”
“Listen Honey, I’m okay, but Jena’s really upset. We need to return to the stable. I’ll call you back later, okay, and by the way, thanks…. I just can’t believe this.” And with that, the phone disconnected contact.
Sara took a big breath and when she turned around, a boy was staring at her suspiciously. “What’s your problem?” she asked, trying to regain her composure
“Nothing, nothing at all,” was all he said as he turned to leave, but looked back to take a second look, before taking off.
After that, Sara was so shaken that she just wanted to go home. Granny realized something was up and quickly obliged since it had been a long day for her also. On the way, Dad called again to reassure her that he was fine and only after that could Sara sigh in relief. But still, she trembled, just thinking about it. 
The rest of the weekend went by in a blur. This zapped all of her energy and concentration, being so stressed out. It made her wonder if there would be any peace to her life, ever. That night, she slept with exhaustion and was thankful that there were no residual dreams to greet her when she woke up in the morning.

Chapter Eight

Every day, Sara looked forward to Earth Science class. Mr. Keene had such a gentle, caring spirit about him, and he had the ability to turn a mundane subject into something interesting. Currently, they were studying the earth’s magnetism which somehow affected Sara’s gift, and she wanted to gather as much information as possible. But, two of the popular girls, Erin and Tara, who sat next to Sara, had other ideas. All they thought about were boys with their constant whispering and note passing. Sara didn’t pay much attention to them as they snubbed their noses at her. Yet, it was disrupting her thought process, to the point, that she was missing out on the most exciting details.
At first, Sara merely looked over, giving them a dirty look and then finally hissed, “Do you mind?”
Of course, their noses were bent out of shape as they sneered and continued to whisper, this time, about her. After class, Sara was going to ask Mr. Keene if she could change seats, however, Erin and Tara were quicker. They sauntered up to Mr. Keene, after class, to speak personally with him, glancing back at Sara as they stuck up their noses. Sara waited around since this was 8th period and the final bell rung. But, when Mr. Keene returned alone, he looked quite embarrassed.
“Did you want to see me about something, Sara?” he asked, gathering his papers as he talked.
“I was just wondering if I could change seats, tomorrow. It’s difficult to pay attention with everything’s that’s going on back there,” Sara explained.
“Oh, I guess that would be a good idea since everyone seems to be for it,” he remarked, absentmindedly. Then, Sara suddenly knew what the previous conversation was about. “Okay then, we will do that first thing tomorrow.”
As Sara walked towards her locker, Erin tossed her long blond hair as she glared at her. Her dad was the President of the School Board, and she knew the teachers dared not make waves around her. She and Tara hovered next to her locker, again giggling about something. Ryan appeared around the corner to walk Sara home.
“Hey, how’s it going?” he asked.
“Oh, it’s going,” she said, slightly annoyed.
“So, what’s really happening,” he pried as they hit the cooler air outside.
After Sara explained the situation, Ryan mentioned that both Erin and Tara had enough problems, sneaking out at night to meet and smoke with some of the high school boys.
“How do you know all this?” she inquired.
“Remember, I do odd jobs around town, keeping my eyes open and my mouth shut. So, I learn things,” Ryan admitted. “Listen, I have to run. I have to rake Mrs. Wright’s lawn for her. See you tomorrow.”
“Yea, sure,” Sara waved as he ran off.

     Granny had her usual milk and cookies waiting as Sara remarked, “Always trying to fatten me up, aren’t you Granny?”
“Well, it wouldn’t hurt, would it? Anyway, enjoy all these goodies while you can and aren’t constantly dieting like me,” she winked.
“Yeah, right,” Sara smiled and then explained the afternoon events.
“Well dear, you are privileged to be wiser than your years, unlike most of the other middle school students,” she surmised. “Unfortunately, it can cause a gap, but sometimes we just have to take the high road and allow others to learn life in their own way.”
“I guess it just bothers me that some of these girls are born with good looks and just totally flaunt it. It’s not like they worked for anything. It’s just been given to them on a silver platter and they use it for their own benefit. They are just so self-centered,”  Sara complained, feeling gypped in life.
“Sometimes, it can be a curse because these girls don’t develop their talents and gifts. They totally depend on others to reinforce them, and this can only turn into disappointment because only we can make ourselves happy, not things or others,” Granny explained as she peeled carrots for a salad. “Middle school is hard since the combination of hormones and immaturity doesn’t always make for the best of decisions. Being good looking doesn’t guarantee happiness, only realizing and using your talents and gifts makes for true fulfillment. Trust me.”
“Yeah, but being good looking definitely helps,” Sara argued.
“Beauty involves a happy spirit and a warm and caring personality. It may take time to develop into who we really are,” Granny explained, giving her a hug. “It’s not how we’re born, but what we develop into. And don’t underestimate yourself, you are pretty!”
“Don’t I wish?” Sara sighed.
“You’ll understand this all in time,” Granny reassured her. “Now, let’s eat before it gets cold.”

During science class the next day, Sara was allowed to sit next to Mia, up front. Erin and Tara remained in a spot in the back corner. When Sara glanced at them, they were still whispering. When Erin caught her at this, she sneered at her. That really set Tara off giggling. Neither one could do or think anything, without the other. 
Class, again, became interesting to Sara since they were talking about how electricity affected magnetic forces in either a positive or a negative manner. Sara was especially interested in this topic with her special abilities. Mr. Keene asked for a volunteer for a ‘hair rising’ lab experiment and Emma, who had long, fine, blonde hair was selected. She was instructed to put her hand on a machine he had in front of the room. As she did so, her hair began to rise until it stood up wildly on end. Emma was wondering why everyone was hooting and hollering until Mr. Keene showed her a picture he took of her. 
They were, then, asked to form a circle. Of course, the popular girls hung together as Mia and Sara stood next to one another. However, Mr. Keene, wiser than he appeared about the social issues of the class, asked for certain ones to be what he called the transmitters and Sara was selected. He then placed the transmitters amongst the circle in special places. To Sara’s dismay, she was put in between Erin and Tara, much to their disparaging remarks. Mr. Keene continued to smile pleasantly as he asked them to hold hands within the circle. This really caused a commotion. He stated he was going to demonstrate how electricity traveled, and explained that the transmitters would interrupt the flow by disrupting the circle and to just follow his cues. Just before he revved up the machine on low power, he asked Sara to let go of Erin’s hand until further instructions. 
“Okay, we’re ready to begin,” he stated as Erin and Tara looked noticeably uncomfortable. “Now, those who are holding hands just squeeze the next hand a bit tighter if you should feel something. Then Sara, when you feel something, take Erin’s hand to complete the transmission.”
When Sara felt a slight sensation, she grabbed Erin’s hand and then jumped at the spark that followed. “That hurt,” Erin yelled.
“Very well, we shall go in reverse. Erin, you may disconnect the circle, then touch Sara when you feel a sensation,” Mr. Keene suggested.
He, again, revved up the machine and then suddenly Erin grabbed Sara’s hand causing a mild shock, which made her jump and let go of Tara’s hand. When she went to reconnect, a snap and yell followed from Tara, in which she gave Sara a dirty look.
“Sorry,” Sara smiled, realizing the extra electrical charge was due to her own magnetic force.
Then Mr. Keene concluded that they would be experiencing static electricity, by letting go of hands, shuffling across the floor and touching a friend. Since Sara was super charged, she didn’t have to shuffle, but touched Erin and Tara again with a flying spark. Erin started to pout and said she had enough of this and sat down.  Mr. Keene, then continued class following their little lab experiments with a synopsis of how electricity was transmitted.
Afterwards, as Mia and Sara walked out, Mia remarked that she was glad that Sara had super shocked Erin, because she had been just terrible to her. Sara was surprised since Mia hardly said much.
“In what way?’ Sara asked.
Mostly cyber-bullying, and just being totally obnoxious to me in person,” Mia explained. “Be careful, you’ll be one of her next victims. Just check the internet out.”
“I will. Why don’t you come over to my place and we can study a bit?” Sara suggested, wanting Granny to meet her for advice on how she can help her.
“Guess so, but first I have to call Pastor’s house to let them know,” Mia mentioned.
Actually, they did not spend time studying, but fixing each other’s hair as they talked. Mia’s hair was short and blonde while Sara’s was reddish and wild, but Mia had a knack as she brushed and curled it. In the meantime, Mia opened up a bit on how her dad took off when she was a baby and her mother was being treated for schizophrenia and alcoholism. She had been neglected, basically taking care of her mom, until Social Services took her away and her mom was deemed unfit. So, Mia had been bounced around the foster care program for the last five years until a parishioner was unable to provide care. This was when the pastor’s family stepped in. 
Somehow, Sara felt a close bond with Mia because they both grew up without a mother, one way or another. Mia remained in counseling, so she could cope, and so did Sara for a while, when she was in California. Then, there was Erin and Tara, who had both parents and everything, and how they flaunted it to those who were less privileged than they were. But as Granny would quote; life’s not fair; however, it all works out in the long run.
“So, can anyone help with this cyber-bullying, like Pastor?” Sara asked as she watched Mia curl her hair in layers.
“He did; he talked with their parents about it. It was deleted, but I am feeling the repercussions of it in person,” she complained.
“Yeah, I know what you mean. I’m feeling some of it too,” Sara commiserated.
“Anyone who’s not in their clique can be a victim,” Mia went on as she combed out Sara’s hair.
“Wow, you did a pretty good job with this mess,” Sara exclaimed, shaking her head. 
“Yeah, you have beautiful hair,” Mia mentioned. “I wish I had your thickness.”
“I never thought about it, but I guess it is pretty thick when I can control it, that is,” Sara agreed.
“You know, I would give anything to be pretty and popular like Erin and Tara,” Mia sighed.
“No, you wouldn’t,” Sara responded quickly.
“Why not?” Mia asked.
“Because, you would have to totally compromise your soul,” Sara said, without thinking.
“Huh?” Mia looked at her strangely as Sara laughed it off.
“What I really mean, is that gifts can have pretty wrappings, but can be empty on the inside where it really counts,” Sara philosophized.
“Oh,” Mia said, somewhat surprised. “That’s really deep, but I guess it’s true.”
“Trust me, now let’s go and get something to eat,” Sara suggested.

Later that night, Sara asked Granny about Mia. “She was sent your way for you to help,” was all she said. “Be there for her to make a difference.” Then, she changed the subject.
The weekend came, along with Dad and they had much to catch up on. He reiterated the details of his near mishap and Sara’s timely cell call with disbelief. Yet, it was obvious he was infatuated since all he could talk about was Jena.
Finally, Sara said, “Dad, can we talk about something else?”
“Oh,” he said, deflated. “Like what?”
“Like us, maybe?” Sara suggested
“Such as?” He went on.
“Like, making some fun plans for tomorrow.”
“Oh, honey, I forgot to tell you that I have to head back early tomorrow. Jena and I have some important dinner plans for tomorrow evening,” Dad said, in a slightly embarrassed tone.
By then, Sara was totally disgusted.
“Well, what about me once in a while?” she asked.
“I’m so sorry. I forgot to mention it to you. But, I’m planning on bringing her to visit for Thanksgiving,” he apologized.
“Oh great. Gees Dad, why don’t you just give it up?” Sara remarked in a frustrated tone.
“What do you mean?” He looked bewildered.
“I mean, when will you realize that she’s not right for you?” Sara stated.
“Now, how would you know that, just spending a few hours with her?” he asked with a slightly irritated tone.
“I know more than you think,” Sara countered.
“And just what might that be?” he growled.
“Like, she has an expensive habit,” she retorted.
“Such as,” he continued.
“Why do you think she borrows money from you?”
“And how would you know that?”
“Hello, remember who you are talking to…” Sara glared back at him.
“I’m not judging anyone from your intuitive guesses, just yet,” he fumed.
“Fine, but ask her about all the strange drugs hiding in her bathroom cabinet.” Sara tried to explain as tactfully as possible.
“You, young lady, don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dad raised his voice. “You have no right to make such statements without knowing.”
“Well fine, then ask her directly if you don’t believe me about her little drug habit.  She’s just using you because you’re so smitten with her. You’re too blind to notice anything,” Sara rallied on.
“That is enough. I’m just taking you back to your grandmother’s,” he stated, grabbing his keys.
“Never mind, I’d rather walk,” Sara yelled as she grabbed her stuff and took off from the townhouse. It was only a mile and she needed some fresh air to cool off.

On the way back, Sara stopped over at Ryan’s place; his mother answered the door.
“Hi,” Sara greeted. “Is Ryan home? I’m Sara.”
“Oh Sara.  I’ve heard so much about you. Come in.” Laura invited her to sit down. “Ryan’s over at Mr. Bixby’s finishing up his leaves. Sara, this is Megan.” She gave a hug to a very adorable 7-year-old child who just stared at Sara. “I’m really glad for the company. Ryan will be home soon. Why don’t you stay for dinner?” she asked with a friendly smile.
Something told Sara that Laura needed to talk to someone. So, after Sara called Granny, she accepted the invitation and she was right. Laura talked non-stop while she chopped the veggies for the stir-fry. She just adored Granny, who has been a lifesaver to her. By the time Ryan arrived, Sara knew her entire life history. But, she was just glad to listen since she had said enough for one day.
Ryan was surprised, but glad to find her there. Sara was anxious to have a moment alone to discuss her day-gone-wrong with him, but that had to wait until after dinner. Like Granny, Laura was a good cook and an extremely nice person. Sara could feel her pain, but knew she had a compassionate spirit. Laura was excited about her new job at a doctor’s office, and Sara noted a little enthusiasm and hope for the future in her eyes.
After dinner, Ryan walked Sara home. She didn’t want to tell him the specifics, just that Dad and she had a fight over his new girlfriend, whom she had a bad feeling about. Just walking helped her to cool off. 
“So, what’s the bad feeling?” he asked.
“It’s more than just a feeling. I followed-up and found some evidence when they were cuddling on the couch at her place the other weekend,” Sara confessed.
“Like what?” Ryan asked.
“Well, like some needles under the sink in a bag and some pills which I looked up on the computer, and are amphetamines,” Sara mentioned. “Something’s definitely up and also she’s been borrowing money from Dad. With her parents being so wealthy, why does she have to borrow money?”
“Good question,” Ryan contemplated.
By the time they arrived at Granny’s, Dad had left and all was calm. Granny didn’t have much to say since she wasn’t feeling well and went to bed early. It felt good to Sara to rest in peace.

Chapter Nine

Dad and Sara were hardly speaking, except for the basics. He decided not to bring Jena home the following weekend until he could straighten things out, or so he thought. Sara’s mind was preoccupied with her exams since quarter grades were coming out and she had polar strengths and weakness, unlike Ryan who was a straight A student. Luckily, Mia was in her league of strugglers and they all studied together. 
Sara was spending more time over at Ryan’s house. Laura enjoyed the company and she would almost always be involved in one of Granny’s projects for church.  Sara enjoyed helping them out. During a craft get together making Christmas wreaths, Mia joined them. Sara would bring over some of Granny’s cookies, and they would have our own little craft club going. 
Ryan and Mia were beginning to hit it off since they had the same interests and strengths in mathematics and computers. Actually, they were a cute couple together and both of them needed a good friend. Of course, Sara was included, but Ryan and Mia were beginning to develop something more than just friendship, and Sara felt left out when they were a threesome.
Laura was continuing her on-line courses for her medical coding classes, but she was having trouble with her computer. Ryan tried his best to fix it, but he couldn’t pinpoint the problem. They were unable to afford expensive repairs since it wasn’t in her budget with Christmas fast approaching. Finally, the computer just wouldn’t start up, and Laura was totally frustrated since she had on-line finals for her courses. Since Dad was home alone for the weekend, Sara volunteered his expertise with computers, so he could meet Laura, Ryan, and his little sister, Megan. The computer ended up needing a good cleaning inside to get the fan to work, and Dad promised to look around for another one since her computer was dated.
Dad was quiet that weekend and Sara didn’t want to broach the subject of Jena, so they just hung around playing catch-up with all of their chores at the townhouse. Next week was Thanksgiving, and since Ryan’s extended family had already gone to Florida for the winter, Granny invited Laura’s family to their Thanksgiving meal. Pastor Ken agreed for Mia to stay with Sara since they were flying to Chicago to see their new nephew for the first time. So, it was going to be a small gathering this year, but that was all right with Granny as she was beginning to feel her age. Luckily, she would have Sara to help and Laura was bringing over a couple of her favorite dishes. 
Sara and Mia were busy in preparations all morning. Granny supervised them through stuffing the turkey and the girls had some real hands on experience with it. They felt quite accomplished when it was finally in the oven. Then, they went on to peeling potatoes and preparing the green bean casserole with Granny’s instructions. Finally, they had time to go upstairs and change their clothes to get ready. Mia showed Sara how to use eye make-up to match her outfit and after fixing each other’s hair, they felt quite sophisticated. Mia looked stunning in her red sweater with her blonde hair while Sara went more for a green to offset her auburn tresses that Mia had just finished curling.
“Wow,” Sara said, gazing in the mirror. “We look okay, don’t you think?”
“You do, at least,” Mia responded.
“Mia, why do you put yourself down?” Sara asked, frustrated. “You are really pretty and perky.”
“I wish I was taller like you.  I hate being short and chubby,” she answered.
“You are not chubby, just built. I wish I wasn’t a stick,” Sara stated. “Maybe, I could just stuff some cloth in my bra to make my girls turn into women.”  She laughed.
“I remember my mom telling me, what the good Lord has forgotten, just stuff with cotton,” Mia giggled. “But, I never had a need.”
“Granny said everything works out in time, so maybe we just have to be patient,” Sara contemplated.
“That’s easier said than done since patience isn’t my virtue,” Mia admitted.
“Well, I guess we better go downstairs and help Granny set the table,” Sara suggested. “Just quit looking so worried all the time. You are really pretty when you just smile.”
“Thanks,” Mia responded as Sara came to realize just how depressed she was.
Everything was set and ready when Ryan’s family arrived with cranberry nut bread and a sweet potato casserole. Two friends of Granny’s from church, named Cora and Dee, also joined them. When Dad finally arrived, by himself, he brought a flower decoration to match the turkey theme.
“This was the best thing I could cook up last minute,” he announced with a sly smile. Granny and Sara laughed since they both knew that baking wasn’t one of his talents. Granny and Laura were discussing recipes while Dad and Ryan talked computer lingo. The church ladies gossiped about town happenings, and Mia and Sara stayed busy with last minute preparations under Granny’s guidance. They finally sat down and Granny said the blessing.
Dad remained quite subdued while the rest of them dug-in. Sara instinctively knew that he was in relationship problems. But she didn’t know the specifics and he wasn’t volunteering any information. However, the conversation remained lively and it was nice to notice both Mia and Laura smiling more. Granny had a very satisfied look on her face, observing her guests around the table. She seemed to know something as she caught Sara’s glance and gave her a wink.
After dinner, they sat in the living room enjoying Granny’s famous homemade pies. The group was unusual in that no one was really interested in football, but instead discussed computer programs, college courses, jobs and school. Sara noted a spark of interest from Dad when Laura was talking about her college on-line program. Who wouldn’t?  Laura was an attractive down-to-earth person with her big brown eyes and a new curly perm. She had a warmth about her, but she was still deeply hurting and in much grief. This would be her first holiday as a widow, but she was putting on a happy front for the kids. After all, what choice did she have, Sara realized.
Thanksgiving was a success and Mia, Laura, and Sara quickly cleaned up. Afterwards, Mia and Sara packed up and they headed back to the townhouse for the long weekend. Dad hardly said a word. He seemed so deflated that Sara almost felt sorry for him. Mia and Sara hit the mall on black Friday in preparation for Christmas. Dad had handed over some money, but he remained at home to catch up on work. It wasn’t until Sunday, after church, when Mia remained behind at the parsonage that Dad and Sara broke the ice.
“So, how’s Jena?” Sara asked casually as Dad gave her a dirty look.
“As if you didn’t know!” he remarked with a bit of sarcasm.
“Well…what’s happening?” she pressed him.
“We’re not seeing each other anymore, are you happy?” he replied.
“Now, why should I be happy?” Sara asked, innocently.
“Well, you were right, little Miss Know-it-all!” Dad admitted.
“And you’re mad at me?” Sara asked, nonchalantly.
“No, not really. But, sometimes I feel as if my relationships are jinxed around you.”
“Well, maybe, you just haven’t met the right person,” Sara concluded as Dad gave her a less than tolerant stare.
“So, you want to pick and choose my girlfriends?” he asked with annoyance.
“Well, no offense, but maybe I can do a little better job than you-know-who?” Sara responded sarcastically.
With that, he growled, “I don’t want to talk about it anymore.” Dad left Sara off at Granny’s and they both prepared for the upcoming week.

Something was definitely wrong with Mrs. Wright in English class. Her level of concentration was off to the point she didn’t make much sense at times. Sara was really feeling sorry for her, but didn’t have a clue on how to help her, except to positively contribute in class discussion. Of course, the boys in back of the classroom continued with their demeaning comments amongst themselves. This was definitely a Granny problem since it was way above her to figure out. 
Mrs. Wright gave them a writing assignment, ‘My Most Meaningful Winter Holiday’ which was so general, it related to anyone. She let them begin early in class and excused herself to obviously regain her composure. When she was gone, conversation escalated and Erin’s friend, Mindy, was discussing Mrs. Wright’s personal life and how Erin’s dad, who was President of the Board of Education, was reviewing how it was affecting her teaching abilities.
“Just why would you want to kick someone when they’re down?” Sara challenged them. “We should be showing her empathy and understanding when she’s going through a difficult time.”
“She’s ready to retire soon. Let’s get someone young and fun in here while we can,” Tara suggested.
“Maybe a cute guy as a substitute,” Mindy pitched in.
“Or a hot gal,” Jason interrupted and the rest of the guys snickered.
“You’re all so sick and shallow. Hopefully, your father will display better common sense than the rest of you,” Sara retorted, totally annoyed. 
“O-h-h, like you or your Granny will have any say in this,” Erin mocked as Mrs. Wright entered the classroom.
“Is there a problem, Erin?” Mrs. Wright asked as she caught the end of the conversation.
“No, nothing at all,” Erin replied, sweetly.	
Later, as Sara was telling Granny and Ryan about the conversation, she couldn’t help saying how much she hated two-faced people and Erin got the award. It also irked her that Erin’s father was influential in their church, flaunting his wealth and power there, also. 
“Don’t these people learn anything when they attend church?” Sara railed. 
“Now calm down. It may work out. Time will tell,” Granny said soothingly.
“It just makes me so mad. Haven’t they heard of the Golden Rule?” Sara asked.
“Which one?” Ryan interrupted, glancing up from his English book.
“What do you mean?” Sara looked at him confused.
He just smiled and said, “Haven’t you ever heard of the modern day one? He, who owns the gold….rules!”
Sara just looked at him in disbelief at first and then sadly realized that in today’s world, he was probably right.

Chapter Ten

Christmas was in the air and Dad and Sara took on the monumental task of completely decorating Granny’s house, both inside and out. She couldn’t help but admire their work. It came out sensational and had the appearance of an old fashion Victorian style Christmas. Granny was totally thrilled to have someone help her, and in return, it gave them the satisfaction to be there for her, especially to share the holidays.
Mia, Ryan and Sara labored over their assignment ‘Our Most Meaningful Holiday Season’. Ryan’s was especially sad as it related to his last Christmas with his dad. Mia never had the privilege of experiencing a normal family Christmas. Somehow, Sara’s Christmas in California, with just Dad, was much different than the snowy mountain themes of Pennsylvania that no one, who hadn’t lived elsewhere, could truly understand.
In math class, Mr. Roth was on a roll again. He hadn’t bothered Sara much; however he seemed to relish getting on kids’ cases about things and he could be relentless. Today, it was Mike; tomorrow it would be someone else. Sometimes, Sara felt he had missed his calling as he should have been a lawyer because he could be totally ruthless at times. Sara began to feel sorry for his wife and kids, none the less them, who were his daytime victims. Luckily, with Mia and Ryan’s help, Sara’s grades were improving. She tried to make herself invisible in the back corner and so far this quarter, it was working.
Dad had been away on business for most of the week and was glad to crash when he returned home. Sara noted he had a computer in the back of their SUV when she asked him whom it was for.
“Laura,” he mentioned casually. “We were upgrading our computers to be compatible with our major customers and they were giving these away, so I brought my old computer home for her. It’s still good, at least, for her purposes.”
“That’s really nice of you, Dad,” Sara acknowledged. “I’m sure, she’ll appreciate it.”
“I know they’re going through hard times. I can identify with it and I just want to help in any way I can,” he explained, glancing over at her.
So, Dad and Sara spent Saturday afternoon over at Ryan’s as Dad set up Laura’s computer for her. He set up their old computer for video games which Ryan and Sara totally enjoyed while challenging one another. They were, then, invited to dinner in appreciation which consisted of a hardy meal of southern fried chicken with all the fixings. It turned out to be a fun day, and Sara noted that Dad was quietly smiling all the way home.
The church was humming with activity for the Christmas season and Granny spent much of her free time assisting with the festivities. The church was beautifully decorated with the many Poinsettias and Christmas trees, lit with various colors of sparkling lights. Mia had the part of Mary in the Nativity play and was practicing diligently. Ryan was working extra jobs for Christmas money. They were all anxious for vacation to begin, but it seemed as though their teachers were in competition of meeting their pre-holiday deadlines of work expectations.
The Thursday before vacation, Sara was in computer lab, totally harried attempting to finish a computer assignment when her computer began responding to her anxious mood and crashed. Sara was in no mood when it wouldn’t reboot. Ryan was tired from working late the past couple of nights, and he was in a hurry to finish his programming assignment also. Just as Sara was finishing up, her computer crashed for a second time.
When Sara again asked Ryan to help, he quickly responded, “Why don’t you just twitch your nose like Samantha and fix it yourself?”
As Sara looked at him startled, she noticed other kids had stopped what they were doing and were just staring at her. Just then, the bell rang, which interrupted the awkward moment and the kids left whispering amongst themselves.
Sara was so angry that she hissed at Ryan, “How could you say that to me?”
He flippantly replied, “I was only kidding.”
“Well, the other kids, who were staring and whispering about me, didn’t think so,” Sara mentioned, gritting her teeth.
“Oh, you’re just being paranoid about things,” he replied while gathering his books.
“I am so mad at you. How could you be so insensitive about this, and then call me paranoid?” Sara railed back at him.
“I think you’re over-reacting a bit, aren’t you?” he responded, annoyed.
“How could you betray me? I thought you were my friend. Friends don’t betray friends.” Sara shot back.
“Come on, you’re being a little sensitive about this, aren’t you. Nobody cares,” he replied.
“Well, maybe I do. You promised not to say anything about this. How could you?” Sara asked steamily.
“Get over it and get on with life, will you?” he shot back.
“Don’t ever speak to me again, Ryan Jordan. I thought you were different, but you’re no friend of mine. You’re like the rest of them,” Sara rebounded huffily and took off, never looking back. Sara tried to breathe, but she had a hard time concentrating being so angry. He just exposed her to everyone, whether intentional or not. Worse yet, he wasn’t even sorry about it. 
During English class, Sara wouldn’t look at him. She was in no mood to listen to the popular girls bashing Mrs. Wright or the others. She just wanted to get out of there so she could cool down, but she felt trapped. As Sara finished up the pop quiz with little care of how she did, she glared at Ryan, who was diligently thinking at his desk in the front of the room. Sara focused intently on his pen as she watched it flip out of his hand and land in front of the room.
Ryan looked surprised, and then looked around for his pen as Mrs. Wright retrieved it for him with a questioning look, “Did you lose something, Ryan?”
“U-h-h, yeah, thanks,” he replied, glancing back at Sara. 
The bell rang and thankfully Sara was out of there until next year, without so much as looking back at her ex-friend. When she got home, she gave Granny an earful and she listened intently as Sara concluded, “He’s just like Emily in California, when she betrayed me.”
“Now, now, you have to think in terms of intent. I agree, Emily did betray you, but did Ryan really mean to?” Granny asked, stroking Sara’s hair to calm her down.
“He was defensive and not the least bit sorry, for sure,” Sara explained her stance.
“He’s never seen you angry and probably didn’t know how to deal with it. Most boys don’t know how to deal with a girl when she is upset. They either defend or deny. It takes quite a bit of self-control and maturity not to respond to anger with anger. Let it cool down for a while and we’ll see what happens,” Granny suggested.
“It makes no difference. I’ll never talk to him again!” Sara stated stubbornly.
“We’ll see, never is a very long time,” is all Granny said.
Saturday night, Dad took Granny and Sara over to the Christmas pageant to see Mia in the Nativity play. The church was beautifully decorated with soft Christmas music being played overhead. Ryan, his sister, Megan and his mother also came to watch Mia perform. On seeing them up front, Dad and Granny headed to sit with them which made Sara totally fume. But, no one paid attention to her as they all sat together, although Ryan was on the other side of his mom and sister. Dad managed to maneuver next to Laura and both appeared contented. 
Mia was beautiful, even though she wore a brown wig since no one could identify Mary with bleached blonde highlights. The play proceeded without a hitch, and even baby Jesus, played by a month old parishioner’s baby, slept throughout the entire process. Joseph was played by Zach, whom Sara had bumped into at the fall bazaar, and he and Mia made for a cute couple. Sara noted that Ryan appeared attentive to all of this.
Afterwards, they gathered for the reception in the church hall. Mia looked like herself once again with Ryan protectively standing near her. Dad and Laura were quietly talking in the corner by the refreshments and Sara was left alone, until Pastor Ken came over. 
“How are you doing, Sara?” he asked. “Did you enjoy the program?”
“Yes, very much so,” she responded politely.
“I was wondering if you would like to join our youth group?” he solicited. “We’re always looking for new members.”
“Perhaps,” Sara said as Mia wandered over. “I’ll think about it.” Then she continued, “You were great, Mia. You did a super job.”
“Yes, you did,” Pastor Ken agreed, “Now if you two will excuse me.”
As soon as he was out of earshot, Mia whispered, “Ryan said he was sorry and that he doesn’t want you to be mad at him.”
“Why can’t he tell me that himself?” Sara asked.
“He doesn’t want to get his head bit off.” 
“Thanks a lot,” Sara responded, noticing he was watching them from the corner.
“Fine, go tell him I forgive him this time, but if it happens again I’m going to…” Sara didn’t have to finish when Mia gave her a hug which must have been their signal, and Ryan cautiously wandered over. After all, what choice did she have with Dad and Laura hanging out, like she could totally avoid him forever? Of course, he acted like nothing ever happened.
“Guys!” Sara muttered under her breath, and then was completely sidetracked by Mike, who was at the refreshment stand, watching them.

Christmas morning was quiet with just Sara, Dad, and Granny present. Mia was spending it at the parsonage, although she would be over later on for Granny’s annual Open House. She would stay for several days while Pastor Ken and his family flew to Florida to be with his parents. Dad gave Sara a new cell phone and Granny had knitted both Dad and Sara, scarves, and made each one an afghan. Sara gave Dad a wallet, shirt, and sweater set while Dad and she bought Granny a new microwave to replace the one that had recently burnt out. 
Later in the morning, they prepared for the Open House since it was easier on Granny to entertain at her place than to get around to everyone else’s. Granny had Mia and Sara to help her. They had been baking and preparing for much of December in preparation. The house was lovely with the glow of an old fashioned Victorian Christmas while the fragrances of evergreens and gingerbread lingered in the air. 
They were ready around 4:00 pm, when many of the folks from church stopped in to wish them a “Merry Christmas” and share homemade cookies while enjoying their special eggnog punch. This must have been a town tradition as Sara had never seen so many people stopping by. There were even groups of carolers, who serenaded them, and then stayed for hot cocoa to warm up by the fireplace. Granny relished all the attention and was a most gracious hostess.
Laura dropped in later on with Ryan and his little sister, Megan in tow, who was all excited by the ongoing activities of the day. Everyone was dressed so festively. Laura brought reinforcements of her cookie recipes just in time to replenish the dwindling supplies. By 8:00 pm, everyone was totally exhausted following clean-up detail that they were glad just to crash on the couch.
“Well,” Dad remarked, “It has been a long time since I’ve experienced one of Granny’s open houses. This was pretty remarkable if I do say so.”
Granny was pretty proud of continuing the tradition, and mentioned, “You can thank yourselves for carrying on the tradition because I’m too old to do it by myself anymore.” 
“How about piling in the car and taking a last tour of Christmas lights?” Dad suggested.
So, they forgot just how tired they were, except Granny, and took him up on the proposal. Laura, Ryan, and his sister joined them as Dad put on a Christmas music CD. The light show was magnificent, particularly following Granny’s directions of visiting a specific neighborhood known for their displays. 
Everyone seemed satisfied having spent a wonderful day, except Sara did note a tear that Laura quickly wiped away and covered with a smile. She still could feel her loss and pain, but Laura did well in concealing it for everyone’s benefit. Sara felt sure that it was what Ryan’s dad would have wanted, but it was still hard for them, especially at Christmas.
Although, it was a great day, they were all glad to hit the sack from sheer exhaustion, looking forward to sleeping in with the exception of the working parents. Sara felt good to be able to bum off a little bit the next day and to lazily clean up. They ate much of the remaining goodies with the excuse of making resolutions the following week.

Dad was out of town again, on business, which comprised of about 50% of his job now. It paid well, but Sara knew he wasn’t enjoying it. He didn’t say much, but she could feel his reluctance about going. So, the plan was to stay with Granny for a week through New Year’s Eve day, when Sara was invited to join the church’s youth group to experience the dropping of the ball at Time’s Square in New York City. Dad had volunteered to chaperone the group on the excursion since he was familiar with the city.
Mia was usually very quiet, but she was beginning to feel more comfortable around Sara and opened up. They were hanging out on her full bed when Sara broached the subject about her past. “Tell me about it,” she suggested. “What was the foster care system really like?”
“It depends,” Mia answered reluctantly. “Some of it was okay, like with Pastor’s family and some of it was horrible, but I try to block that out.”
“How many foster homes were you in?” Sara pressed on.
“Four, since I was eight years old,” she answered. 
“So, do you know where your dad is?” Sara asked.
“I don’t even know who my dad is?” Mia went on. “My mother admitted to some really weird things when she was drunk and off her medication.”
“How did it happen that you ended up in foster care?” Sara inquired.
“School reported me for being absent a lot and uncared for. I had a lot of bruises from when my mother’s boyfriends would go off on me. I was just in the way and paid for it, you might say, except when they took off and I cared for my mom. I guess I didn’t do a very good job since she just got worse.”
“Well, gees, you were only eight at the time,” Sara consoled her.
“Yeah, but a mother is a mother, just the same. It’s better than no mother,” she went on, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say that…so how was it with you?”
“It was just terrible when I lost my mom. I was just four and a drunk driver hit her. She always knew she didn’t have long to be on this earth, but wasn’t able to avoid her fate. It was hard on everyone. Dad has never been the same. I mean he’s been in a couple of relationships, but they didn’t work out. The right one hasn’t come along yet and that’s okay with me!”
“Why…. don’t you want him to be happy?” Mia asked softly.
“Yes, of course, but it has to be someone who is right for him,” Sara answered.
“How about Ryan’s mom?” she asked. “They seem to get along.”
“He just feels sorry for her and is helping her out. She’s not his type, and anyway, why would I ever want Ryan as a stepbrother. Yuck…he is such a pest!” Sara shuddered as she was trying to repress the possibility of this actually happening.

Chapter Eleven

The next day, Mia went home. Sara read a book, watched TV, and was terribly bored.  She was really looking forward to going to Times Square for the New Year’s Eve celebration in a few days, but something kept nagging at her that it wasn’t going to happen; however, she brushed it aside in anticipation.
That afternoon, Laura dropped over in tears wanting to talk with Granny, who was a great listener. Sara tried to look busy working on a school project while eavesdropping.
“I was fired,” Laura got right to the point, sniffling. “I should have seen it coming, but I’m too trusting, I guess. I don’t know what I’m going to do. I have to work. I don’t know how we’re going to live. I put all this money out for on-line courses in medical office management and what good will it do me, now?”
“There, there,” Granny patted her knee sympathetically. “Tell me about it.”
“Well, the job requirements said receptionist and medical records and I can do that, even though it involved learning two computer programs. The office manager is the wife of one of the Physician Assistants there and she can be something else.”
“In what way?” Granny asked. 
“Well, she decided she wanted the office to multi-task, so I had to learn check-out which involved coding, billing, and money in-take. In addition, we needed to follow-up with the insurance claims and collections. It was so much to learn in just a couple of months to really be good at everything. I just didn’t have the experience and wasn’t able to work both fast and efficiently. 
“Well, that sounds reasonable,” Granny agreed. “Go on.”
“She, at first, extended my probation, so I wouldn’t get paid for the holidays which really hurt. Then, well, it’s been so hard at Christmas without Ben that I had to go home early one day since I just couldn’t stop from crying, after hearing his favorite song being played over the intercom,” Laura explained, dabbing her eyes. “After that, when I returned to work, she called me in to tell me that this wasn’t working, and I was being terminated because it wasn’t a good fit, whatever that means,” Laura continued.
“How insensitive,” Granny sympathized.
“I just couldn’t win. Either I asked too many questions or not enough questions. There were also office dynamics involved, little jealousies, pettiness, etc.,” Laura went on. “At least Pat Harwick gave me a week’s severance pay.”
“Oh, my,” Granny remarked. “Yes, I know Pat Harwick, and she’s known for making a big deal about everything and unforgiving….whew! I am so sorry after everything else you’ve gone through that this had to happen. But don’t you worry, you will get another job in no time.”
“But, everyone knows I worked there, and I won’t get a decent reference with this being a small town with everyone knowing everyone’s business here,” Laura explained.
“Yes, but being a small town, everyone knows Pat Harwick. The office you worked in is known for its revolving door because of her. Believe me; no one will hold it against you. Trust me.” Granny raised her eyebrows in one of her knowing looks.
As Sara was listening, a thought struck her. Harwick; that must be Tara’s mother. Like mother, like daughter, she thought to herself disgustedly. Sara couldn’t help but feel sorry for Laura. She was a really nice person, but Sara wasn’t ready for her to be her stepmother or Ryan her stepbrother. So, she was somewhat relieved when Dad mentioned he met someone interesting while out of town on business. She lived in Virginia, and they were keeping in touch by e-mail.
The next day, the area was hit by a winter storm which slowed everything down. Granny’s house lost power, although they managed to keep warm by the fireplace. Dad was stuck in New York City, but was able to hole up at a colleague’s until the roads were cleared. They invited Ryan and his family over to stay warm since their apartment didn’t have a fireplace  or any heat. Laura was a great help in preparing meals, campfire style, and Ryan assisted with hauling in the wood. This left Sara time to play board games with Megan. Their landlines were down, but Sara managed to keep in touch with Dad on her cell phone.
Granny had caught a cold and was coughing. Everyone was concerned, but Granny wasn’t since she had an arsenal of medicines in which to choose from. That night, Granny got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom when there was a thud and a cry. Actually being upstairs Sara didn’t hear it, but Laura woke her up by yelling out her name. Sara grabbed a flashlight and saw Granny on the floor, confused and unable to move. Luckily, Laura knew what to do since she had taken first aid courses.
“Where does it hurt?” Laura asked her.
“My hip,” Granny whimpered. Sara knew it was bad as Granny never complained.
“Should we help her up?” Megan asked who wandered out and wanted to know what all the commotion was about.
“No, just grab me a pillow, Meg, and we’ll put it under her head. Sara, call 911 on your cell. I think she broke her hip, and we mustn’t move her. The paramedics will know what to do,” Laura instructed. “Ryan, bring me a blanket so we can keep her warm, then put your coat on and flag down the ambulance when it arrives.”
Sara was really thankful Laura took command as she would have just panicked for sure. Granny quietly moaned while Laura gently talked to her and asked her some questions about her pain.		
“Sara, go get dressed warmly. I need you to go with Granny in the ambulance. Ryan, shovel out the car, so I can follow,” Laura stated, holding Granny’s hand, reassuring her.
 It took a while for the paramedics to find the house in the darkness and snowdrifts, but they finally arrived and took over. They quickly assessed her and felt she did break her hip; however, it would have to be x-rayed for an actual diagnosis. They inserted an IV since Granny was becoming more incoherent, and they were concerned she might be going into shock. Finally, they carefully moved her onto the stretcher, with Sara standing next to her, holding her hand.
“When you can, call your father to let him know what happened and we will keep in touch. It’s too dangerous for him to travel tonight,” Laura reminded her on their way out, giving Sara a quick hug for reassurance. “I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
Sara felt a wide roller coast of emotions while they carefully traveled to the hospital. It was a combination of scared, sad, and somewhat awed at being in an ambulance. This happened so fast, Sara felt as if she was in shock. Many what ifs played through her mind, like an ongoing movie. Breath and relax, she reminded herself, but it was too overwhelming not to be in a panic mode.
Granny was finally stabilized and made comfortable in the ER after being evaluated and then medicated for the pain which made her very groggy.  However, this helped to relieve the discomfort of having x-rays taken. 
Sara called Dad and left a message. She wasn’t sure why he didn’t answer the phone, except maybe it was turned off. The diagnosis came back as a fractured right hip which would require surgery when the surgeon was available. Laura came in within the hour by herself. Ryan had cleared the driveway, but stayed home to tend the fire and watch Megan. Sara was really glad for the company as time dragged on, until the orthopedic surgeon came in to explain the procedure and to get written permission to perform it. Granny looked so small and fragile, yet she could still understand what was going on while she faded in and out from the effects of the pain medications.
Suddenly, the surgery was ready to happen. Sara kissed her gently on the cheek and told her that she loved her as they rolled her into the operating room. Then, suddenly, Sara felt all alone as though she was experiencing a bad dream. She began to cry softly.
“She’s strong, she’ll be fine,” Laura patted Sara’s hand. “This is a common procedure they do with the elderly, who suffer these types of breaks. Let’s get some hot chocolate or something to keep us going.”
The doctor came out to announce she was in the recovery room and did well with the surgery. He explained that she would be closely monitored and would be in the after surgical care unit for at least 24 hours. Laura and Sara just nodded their heads in agreement. Sara tried to call Dad again, but still with no answer. They figured it must be the aftermath of the storm’s effects. However, no sooner had she ended the call, when he rushed in.
“Dad,” Sara said surprised. “How did you get here?”
“Where there’s a will, there’s a way. What’s happening?” Dad looked stunned as Laura explained the details. 
Granny was incoherent for the next 24 hours due to the anesthesia; however, she gradually was coming out of it by the second day. She remained in much pain, yet she was involved in therapies right away. Sara was so glad to go home and get some rest. The electricity had returned and once again the house began to feel warm. Granny had to remain for therapy, despite her plea to return home. She was never one to be out of commission for long. 
As predicted, Sara did not go to Time’s Square for the New Year’s Eve party. She was relieved that she could be home with Granny when the incident occurred, instead of holed up in New York. At least, she was able to watch it happen on TV, anxious about what the New Year had in store for all of them. 
Granny refused to go to the nursing home for therapies and remained vehement about returning home. So, Dad struck up a deal with Laura concerning moving in with Granny to be her caregiver. She was to be incapacitated for at least 12 weeks, even with therapies visiting in house. In this way, Laura could give up her expensive apartment until she could get on her feet again. It was a win-win situation, except for the fact that Sara didn’t have Granny to herself and Ryan would be there 24-7. Of course, Sara could always spend more time with Dad at the townhouse, for the most part.
“Why does everything have to change?” Sara asked herself. “There is just no peace in life!” And, of course, she had to look at Tara, in class, whose mother was responsible for firing Laura.
Yet, Granny began to come around and was up in her wheelchair. Ryan was rarely home with his work schedule, and Megan wasn’t much of a problem as long as the TV was on. Dad felt comforted in that he was free to travel again, and he was looking forward to heading down to Virginia to visit his newest girlfriend, Barb. 
“Here we go again,” Sara thought. “This wasn’t going to work out either because of the distance between them, but Dad always had to learn things the hard way. Men!”

Chapter Twelve

School rang in the New Year. Granny was recovering slowly. Laura was looking for a job and Dad’s mind was in Virginia. There was a substitute for Mrs. Wright, and she was the talk of the class as to her whereabouts. Of course, Erin knew the history from her dad, stating she was on a medical leave for her mental health, and she was recuperating in Phoenix with her sister. In her place was a young, hot guy, according to Erin, named Mr. Anderson, who commanded a lot of attention just by looking at him.
The popular girls acted totally sweet towards him, and the boys were amused by all this and teased them at every opportunity. And, wherever Sara went, trouble followed her. Not that she meant it to, but Sara was very affected by his energy field, especially when they began to read the ‘Scarlet Letter’. 
This was a story about a woman who bore a child out of wedlock, fathered by the local minister and then was made to wear the letter A for adultery for punishment. Was this the precursor to the Salem witch trials, where her namesake was hung in the gallows, she wondered? Somehow, Sara felt a powerful connection which made her very attentive. This was a fatal mistake since Sara became too focused. Mr. Anderson’s book, which he had laid open on his table, began to flip pages. Everything paused as it grasped everyone’s attention. Sara shut her eyes quickly and when she opened them, Mr. Anderson was staring at her strangely as if he knew. Everyone followed his stare as Sara’s face turned red. Then he resumed his lesson while she tried to regain her composure. Yet, he seemed to be glancing at her curiously until he asked her to remain after class. Sara really didn’t want to since she didn’t know what to say, so she decided to play innocent.
“Sara,” he began. “I knew you looked familiar. You’re the daughter of Kayleen Miller, are you not?”
“Yes, how did you know?” Sara asked, innocently.
“Well, I knew your mother well from high school. You remind me of her, somehow,” he observed. “We were good friends. I’m so sorry to hear about her terrible accident. I also knew your Granny quite well. By the way, how is she doing?”
“She’s recovering from a broken hip, but she’s better now,” Sara answered, succinctly.
“I’m glad,” he responded. “Perhaps, you can help me. I’ve lost my cat; been gone a week now ever since I moved into a new house, and my wife and kids are devastated. We live about a block from your Granny’s, and I was wondering if you could watch out for him. Here’s a picture of him with my youngest daughter, Ashleigh.”
“I guess I could,” Sara promised, and then it hit her. “He’s hiding in your crawl space under your house. He’s okay.” Then Sara realized what she just blurted out and blushed. Sara tried to cover it by saying, “That’s where I would hide if I was a cat.”
“Thanks,” Mr. Anderson smiled. “I’ll look there. It’s amazing how much you remind me of your mother!”
Sara hurried home and was anxious to ask Granny about Mr. Anderson. “Ah, yes,” Granny said weakly. “Bill Anderson. He was your mother’s boyfriend in high school. She rather spooked him out at times with her abilities, but he was quite infatuated with her. I remember, they broke up after being away at different colleges at the time. So, he’s your new English teacher. Amazingly small world, isn’t it, my dear?”
“Yes,” Sara agreed as she realized he knew all about her abilities. He knew of her energy connections from her mom, and he tested her with his lost cat.  

During science class they were given a project. If it wasn’t bad enough to be put with Erin and Tara, Katie joined their group. This should be interesting, Sara thought. Tara and Erin really couldn’t care less since they were always gossiping about something, so Katie totally took over and it had to be her way. It didn’t make any difference if they were going in the wrong direction. She was uncompromising and adamant. She had to know everything you were doing and threw a total hissy fit if it wasn’t just perfect. It was a very poor match of personalities, and Sara had no clue why Mr. Keene put them together. Perhaps, it was to learn teamwork against all odds. Of course, you couldn’t expect Tara or Erin to be dependable. Everything revolved around their social life. Just to choose a topic that everyone agreed on was a monumental task, but they finally decided on the magnetic forces of the earth and how it affected them. At least, this would be interesting to Sara.
In math class, Mr. Roth, continued with his wild mood swings. No one knew how or when to approach him. He continued to debate with you to the ninth degree. Since this wasn’t Sara’s best subject, his persecution techniques really unsettled her to the point she dreaded his class. Unfortunately, it was her turn to be his most recent target when he called her to the board to put up a homework problem. Sara was a scattered mess of energy, especially when the barrage of questions started. Sara looked at Ryan, who would mouth the answers, when Mr. Roth’s’ attention was diverted; but he was caught and Ryan became his next target of anger. 
Standing next to Mr. Roth, up there, so close to his negative energy, really affected Sara. It was like being hit with a sledgehammer and the adrenaline started to roll, to the point she was unable to catch her breath and she began to feel repulsion. Sara stepped back when Mr. Roth started to redirect his energy towards her again. She just wanted to protect herself, so she intuitively put herself in a white circle of protection. Unknowingly, it repelled his negativity back to him with such force that he jumped backwards, lost his balance and landed on his butt, much to the amusement of the class. Luckily, the bell rang and Sara high-tailed it out of there as fast as possible, never looking back until Ryan caught up with her.
“What was that all about?” he inquired.
“Don’t ask,” Sara answered curtly.
“That was so cool. How did you do it?” he pressed her.
“I didn’t. He did it to himself. I just put a protection around me and it bounced all of his negative energy back to him,” Sara explained out of breath.
“Wow, it’s about time he got what he gave out for once,” Ryan surmised. “Maybe now, he’ll know how it feels.”
The problem was that everyone knew. Sara couldn’t go anywhere without people glancing and whispering. Mia said it was only her imagination, but Sara knew better since she had been down this road before. She felt like a freak.
“Why do I have to be different?” Sara asked Granny, sitting on her bed as she rested, following physical therapy.
“It’s your gift, child?” she whispered stroking her hair. “Your mother passed it down to you. It was her gift to you. Don’t ever forget that.”
Well, it was hard to forget since when word got around, Sara was constantly being followed or being asked the whereabouts of lost items. No one ever got too close for fear of what she might do to them, not that she ever would do anything intentionally. Except for Mia and Ryan, Sara really felt alone, like she had in California. 
After feeling in a funk for the following week, Sara decided she had no choice but to accept her gift and go forth. She would just have to deal with it, somehow. There was only Granny who understood, but her fractured hip totally zapped her energy. She had enough problems just recovering and Sara really didn’t want to burden her.
It was time for their science presentation on magnetic forces in front of the class. As expected, Katie and Sara had done the brunt of the preparation, according to Katie’s rules. Erin and Tara did help with the presentation and their perkiness attracted attention, but Sara was needed for the follow-up questions since they didn’t have a clue. Sara did the experiments, depicting positive and negative energies and she had to admit, it was the hit of the presentation. Sara also had to confess that she cheated a little by using a bit of her gift to wow everyone. This helped them get an A as lopsided as the work effort was. At least it was over, and Sara wouldn’t have to deal with this group of girls anymore.
After that, nobody bothered her much since they feared making her angry. At least she wasn’t the target of unmerciful teasing that many others, who were different, had to endure. Sara didn’t have to say anything, just give them the stare and they would take off. It worked every time. Even the teachers had a new found respect, especially Mr. Roth, who amazingly had a nicer side, whenever she was in the classroom. Sara began to think that perhaps she was making a positive difference in the world. Little did she know!
“Doesn’t this always happen? You go out of the way to do a favor for someone and end up in more trouble than if you hadn’t,” Sara grumbled to herself. “I really have a knack for that!”
Erin’s dad, Mr. Adams, being the President of the Board of Education and hearing about Sara’s ‘gifted’ episodes, decided that she was a danger to the other students at the school and was suggesting expulsion. This really brought everything out into the open and now Sara was in the middle of a controversy. In the meantime, the School Board decided to home-school her until a decision could be made at the upcoming School Board meeting. This brought her dad home really fast. Actually, if it wasn’t so embarrassing, Sara would have enjoyed staying home with Granny while she recovered, so Laura could spend more time looking for another job.
History repeats itself, Sara figured, just like when her great, great, great grandmother who was the victim of a witch-hunt and was hung for it. “It wasn’t like I was doing this on purpose,” Sara rationalized. “I am just having difficulty controlling it because I am still a novice.” 
Sara didn’t know when she started to go in a funk again. Maybe it was when Dad hired his new girlfriend, Barb, who was a lawyer, to represent Sara at the upcoming School Board meeting to determine her future. Or perhaps, it was the fact that Sara really didn’t want to go back to school. She liked being home schooled since she really didn’t relish everyone looking at her like she was a psycho. Or, it was the grueling cold and snow. Late January can be so depressing and Granny’s current health condition didn’t make it any better. Sara just wanted to stay in bed. She really didn’t care about anything, and her thoughts constantly were about her mom and how much she missed her.
Dad had Barb came over to the house to interview Sara about the facts, such as what to say and how to say it at the hearing. She was very professional and business-like. This felt so cold to Sara. She decided she didn’t like her or having to go through this. So, Sara just sat there glaring at her.
“Now Sara,” Dad reminded me. “Do you understand the importance of this?”
Sara nodded, staring into space rather than acknowledge him. Then she excused herself to go to the bathroom, but headed off to bed instead and hid under the covers after locking the door. Sara hated this. She hated Barb and she hated herself. She really didn’t care about anything.
“Everyone hates me, anyway. I’m the talk of the town,” Sara rationalized to herself. “It even made the papers, of course, without mentioning names, but everyone knows who I am.”
Dad knocked on the door, after noting it was locked. “Sara, are you coming back down? We need to finish,” he asked impatiently, “Barb needs to leave tonight and won’t be back until the hearing.”
“I’m just not feeling well. I have bad cramps. I just want to be left alone,” Sara lied.
“Okay then,” Dad sighed, “I’ll have her call you tomorrow.”

Chapter Thirteen

Sara felt so trapped, like there was no way out of her situation. She didn’t want to go back to school. She didn’t want to attend the hearing to pretend that she wanted to return to school. This was much worse than California, she thought. Perhaps there, my actions were excused because I was younger or that Californians were more open minded than small town Pennsylvanians. Here, there is nowhere to turn. All my options are gone. I am a burden to myself and everyone around me. I just want to end the pain, she went on.  Just go to sleep and never wake up again. It would be easier that way.  Perhaps, I could just take pills, some sleeping pills. That would be an option, an easy one for me and everyone else, she rationalized. Maybe I will check out Granny’s stash after everyone goes to bed. 
Somehow, Sara began to feel a bit better since she had a plan. Then, she continued, I wouldn’t have to deal with anything, anymore. No more school, no more of Dad’s girlfriends, no more snotty girls or gossipy towns people. I just want to be with my mom, someplace peaceful and quiet. 
Sara’s eyes began to tear up as she mourned all of the years she missed with her mom. But first, she would have to write good-bye letters to Granny, Dad, Laura, Ryan, and finally Mia. That would pass the time, until everyone was sleeping.
So, Sara began to write her letters amidst tears. She would miss everyone. Yet, they all had their lives, Sara believed. Granny wouldn’t be long on this earth plane. She could just feel it. 
The letters were a simple thank you and good luck with their lives, except for Dad, with whom Sara requested to be buried next to Mom. She figured Dad would be buried somewhere next to his second wife, sometime way off in the future, anyway. At least, he wouldn’t have to be guilty about that.  Don’t worry, Sara wrote: I’m in a better place, type of philosophy. The letters came out pretty much the same. 
Sara left them on her desk as she snuck into Granny’s bathroom. Granny was sleeping since she took a sleeping pill after her therapies, which pretty much wiped her out. Sara began rummaging around, but heard her stir. Some of the names of the drugs were very pharmaceutical sounding, so she went back to her room and found a pencil and paper. She returned to jot down the various names on the medicine bottles, and then went back to her room to look them up on the computer. Sara wasn’t sure which ones were her sleeping pills, but, at last, she figured it out. 
Now, everything was set. She would just swallow Granny’s bottle of sleeping pills and then go to sleep for good. It was that simple. Sara had to be successful since she didn’t want to have to face everyone talking about her again. Mystic began to meow loudly as Sara snuck back into Granny’s bathroom again.
“Shut up,” she hissed at her, but Mystic wouldn’t stop.
Sara continued looking for Granny’s sleeping pills, but couldn’t find them. Was she dreaming or sleepwalking or what? She knew they were here before. Where would they go between 2:00 and 3:00 am in the morning? Sara looked some more, but all of Granny’s pills were gone. Then, Granny began to stir while Mystic continued to howl. Damn, Sara thought. It was getting too late now and Mystic just wouldn’t be quiet. I’ll have to wait until tonight, when no one would suspect and the pills would have more time to work. 
Sara grudgingly went back to her room and was startled by Laura sitting on her bed, petting Mystic, waiting for her to return. Laura knew. Sara could tell that right away. She didn’t have to even read all of those letters neatly piled there; however, she noted the one addressed to her was slightly misplaced.
 “How did you know?” Sara asked.
“I sleep with one ear open to your Granny’s needs. Do you not think I wouldn’t investigate what sounded like rummaging about her bathroom?”
Sara felt like a failure. She couldn’t even be successful at doing herself in. Then, she started to cry and Laura just held her, smoothing her hair as Sara related the entire story. Sara realized that Laura knew about her gifts and failures, but she had never let on. Sara made her promise not to tell Granny, but Granny had the foresight to warn Laura to watch her, even when she was unable. Sara should have known; however, she was so intent on her cause, she kept her intuition at bay.
“What are we going to do now?” Sara asked. “I don’t want to go to that hearing. I don’t want to go to school again. I want to be home schooled. I just can’t handle this anymore. I am such a freak.”
“No, you are a beautiful girl with a wonderful future. However, you’re going through a very difficult time. Let me handle this, okay,” Laura reassured her.
“You’re going to tell Dad, aren’t you?” Sara wanted to know.
“Well, it’s either me or Granny. Who do you prefer?” she inquired.
“I don’t want to burden Granny with this. She has too many of her own issues,” Sara responded. “Just tell him I don’t want to go to the hearing, nor do I want to go back to school. Deal?”
“Yes, but you have to agree not to hurt yourself and to go to the doctor for a check-up, okay,” Laura bargained.
“More anti-depressants, here I go again,” Sara moaned.
“Much better than the alternative,” Laura said. “Now, let’s get some rest. It’s been a hard night for everyone.”
“Sorry,” Sara sniffled as she pulled up the covers. The last thing she wanted to do was cause more pain for Laura.
“And remember, you are loved and special; never forget that,” Laura whispered as she tucked Sara in, and then laid next to her on top of her covers in a protective way.
Sara was so emotionally exhausted; yet also relieved since there was possibly a light at the end of the tunnel that she wearily fell asleep.  At noon, she awoke to the sound of her dad’s voice, and then realized Laura was pulling her blanket off of her.
“Sara, you need to get dressed. Your father’s here and you have a doctor’s appointment,” she gently repeated.
It suddenly hit her. Dad was here. He must know. I have a doctor’s appointment. Oh my God…. Laura took one look at her startled expression and reassured her that everything would be all right. Dad’s strategy was to request a home schooling extension with a note from the doctor while she recovered from this.  Hopefully, it would counteract the expulsion.
This all worked out to plan with a medical excuse and the addition of an anti-depressant. Unfortunately, this included counseling which Sara had little hope would help, but she had no choice at his point. Dad took time off from work and Barb was going to present this to the Board without Sara there, thank goodness.
As Dad explained the plan to her, Sara murmured, “It won’t make any difference. One of the board members is going to have a heart attack and the whole issue will be sidetracked by it. Dad just stared at her in astonishment. “But,” she added, "you could have Barb mention to Erin’s dad that he needs to have that growth removed from his colon since it is cancerous.”
“Really,” was all Dad could say, astonished. “And what if you are mistaken?”
Sara shrugged, “It’s up to you to relate the information because I’m certainly not going to.”
“There is no way to politely suggest a colonoscopy to someone we hardly know,” Dad stated.
“Well, I could be right or wrong. All I know is those who give out advice; usually can’t take it, in return,” Sara added.
‘That, my dear, is not how your Granny would like you to use your gift,” Dad reminded her, emphatically.
“I wouldn’t be so sure,” Sara responded. “Who do you think told me all this in the first place?
“Well, I’ll be,” Dad shook his head. “It must be Granny’s medicine that is making her act this way.”
“Or maybe Granny sees him for what he really is,” Sara suggested with a satisfied smile, and then added mischievously. “She also said what goes around, comes around.”
“What exactly does that mean?” Dad asked with astonishment.
“It’s the definition of karma,” Sara explained. “Have Granny explain to you how it works, sometime.”
“Thanks a lot!” was all Dad replied as he shook his head in frustration.

Chapter Fourteen

It all happened as predicted.  Barb presented the doctor’s excuse and being clued as to what to expect, indicated the observation of a medical emergency in progress involving the Vice-president of the Board, Mr. Dugan, which sidetracked Sara’s issue completely. Amidst 911 calls and the arrival of the paramedics, Erin’s dad, Mr. Adams, quickly approved the medical excuse of home schooling until the end of the semester as a side thought.  He, then, accompanied Mr. Dugan to the hospital.
Mr. Dugan was released a week later following what they called a mild heart attack. Where after, Laura stepped up to her promise and called Mrs. Adams on the premise it was her ethical duty to report Mr. Adam’s possible health condition. Whether she wanted to accept or reject the information was totally up to her, but Laura felt obligated to pass on this information. 
Counseling was another issue, in which, Sara did not want to deal with. But it was either that or hospitalization, so the following week she had to meet with a Dr. Madden whom she was supposed to call Vicki. 
Sara took one look at her and grumbled. She intuitively knew right away that she had nothing in common with her from the start. She was around 40, who looked like she was about 25 the way she dressed; but acted like a prissy old maid, even though she had been married, but had no kids. 
As Sara was escorted into her office, she was using a little hand spray to freshen up the room, possibly to cover the remains of the rough looking biker guy, who had previously exited. It didn’t take long for Sara to size her up. She was one of these high school prom queens, who never grew up and lived in the past. It was easy to tell from the pictures hanging on her wall. It didn’t take much for Sara to realize that she could go from cute and charming like she was with Sara’s dad to a total witch, like she was with Sara. How these dorks could be so charmed, Sara thought, but I guess they can only see the book cover while I can read the pages. It made Sara hard to relate to her, but did she have a choice?  She decided she would have fun trying, at least.
Vicki tried the friend routine first, and it might have worked if Sara didn’t have the ability to see through it. So, Vicki became more direct, especially when she asked the overt question of ‘why did you want to harm yourself’, in which Sara simply replied, “So I wouldn’t have to go to counseling!” 
It didn’t take long for her to realize Sara wasn’t going to cooperate, so Vicki went on about her growing up experiences in high school; like Sara could relate to being a past cheerleader, who had every boy in the school infatuated with her. Vicki even had the same effect on Dad, when she brought him in for a dual session. Men can be so stupid, Sara decided. They see a pretty face and just don’t think straight. It doesn’t make any difference if they are being totally played for a fool. They just don’t get it, Sara thought, especially when Vicki started hitting on Dad, and he was falling for it. She had this soft approach and coy way, especially when she looked wide eyed with her big, innocent, blue eyes. Needless to say, it made Sara totally nauseated. Vicki persuaded Dad that Sara just needed more time for the anti-depressant to kick in, and then she would be more approachable. Good luck, Sara thought.
Finally, Sara said to Dad on the way home following another session, “Whatever happened to Barb?” She wasn’t surprised by his answer that it hadn’t worked out because she was too career-minded. Sara knew he was falling for Vicki, because he was home for every counseling session since Sara needed to be supported, according to him. So much for my asking for another counselor since I was stuck with her, Sara realized.
Mia would stop in to see Sara after school to chat. She and Ryan still had a thing going, though Ryan was working much of the time to help out his mom. Mia would relate to her all of the most recent gossip; however, Sara wasn’t overly surprised to learn of Mr. Adam’s surgery and ongoing chemo treatments for colon cancer. Guess she was right there, Sara thought. 
Mia would listen to Sara’s most recent counseling episodes. Actually, Mia and Laura helped Sara far more than Vicki when it came to easing her depression, but Sara was made to keep her part of the deal. That was until Dad mentioned he had a date with Vicki. Then, it hit Sara like a log as she realized; she could be my stepmother. That was enough to send her into another tailspin.
So, Sara tried to be discreetly obnoxious. Any kind of odors bothered Vicki. Sara kidded her that she had a ‘nose that knows.’ So, Sara always wore too much of some nauseating perfume just to annoy her, and as usual the conversation always ended in Vicki discussing her high school years. 
And talk about two faced; Vicki drove Sara crazy how she could be so sweet one moment and such a witch with a capital B the next. Just listening in on some of her conversations with her estranged husband provided quite a bit of information in that department, yet when Dad came in, she quickly reverted back to her sweet self. Finally, Sara decided to go from the position of defensive, from answering all her questions to offensive, by asking some questions; especially when the topic of her high school experiences came up again. 
Vicki believed her job was to prepare Sara for her return to high school next semester; however, that was not Sara’s goal at all. Up came the topic of various fun and exciting opportunities that she could be involved in. Of course, Vicki never took into consideration that high school had changed over the past 20 years or so, but that didn’t make any difference to her.
“Now, Sara,” Vicki stated, condescendingly. “Think about all the fun you’ll have. You can try out for cheerleading or play sports and attend the socials. It’s an experience no girl should miss.”
Sara faked a sweet smile and decided to play along, “Yeah, you’re right. Or I could borrow my dad’s car, get drunk and hit the neighbor’s dog, and nobody will ever know I did it.”
Suddenly her smile faded, and her eyes turned a darker color. “Why would you ever say something like that?” 
Sara just innocently shrugged her shoulders and smiled, “I don’t know, maybe because I felt like it.”   
“How did you come up with that scenario?” she demanded.
 “Perhaps, because it could have actually happened to someone,” Sara suggested, cocking her head at her questioningly. Sara knew she hit a little too close to home on that one.
“There are positive experiences in high school,” Vicki countered, staring at her.
“Yeah, I guess I could go to prom as a sophomore, get busted for smoking pot and then get suspended for two weeks.” Sara stated with a return stare. “But that wouldn’t be my idea of a fun experience.”
That drew a moment of silence. “Well, Sara. As you know, your dad and I have decided to date as you might call it. And in my professional opinion, I have decided to refer you to another counselor since there may be a conflict of interest here,” Vicki went on.
“Aren’t you still married?” Sara asked bluntly.
“I am separated and in the process of filing papers for divorce, for your information. I don’t want to discuss this anymore,” she explained, defiantly.
“You really don’t have to…” Sara replied, because she already knew what went unsaid and then continued with, “That will be fine with me.”
“Well then, problem solved,” Vicki responded back in her sweet voice. “I’ll probably be seeing you outside the office sometime.”
Sara just smiled and realized that this was just the beginning of psychic warfare! Actually, Sara didn’t have to meet Vicki outside the office since she was avoiding her. Because Sara was staying with Granny, most of the entertaining took place back at the townhouse. Sara wondered why? In any event, she was spared much of the details which she mostly knew anyway, but she figured from Dad’s happy expression and continuous humming that he was hooked.
Being home schooled now, Sara had more opportunity to visit with Granny, who was gradually recuperating. She was leery of the icy weather so they didn’t wander outside much, except for doctor’s appointments. Sara was glad to pitch in as Laura decided to continue to study her on-line courses in preparation of a new career while looking for a job. This gave Sara the opportunity to spend more time assisting Granny.
“Granny,” Sara mentioned. “What do you think of this Vicki and Dad?”
“It has little future, but it has to play out,” she answered.
“Why do you say that?” Sara asked.
“Because, their stars don’t match up nor do their horoscopes. They’re just not compatible, but we have to be patient,” Granny explained.
“Why’s that,” Sara inquired as she continued to wash the dishes and tidy up.
“Vicki has always been the center of attention because she was gifted with good looks, but now they are fading. Her husband is a workaholic and hasn’t been giving her the attention she craves. She’s very high maintenance as they call it now. Her husband would like a family, and she doesn’t want to have a baby that would take away from her being the center of her universe. It’s always been all about her. Your dad will find out in his own way when the time is right,” Granny predicted.
“I didn’t feel it was going to work, at first, but I’ve been too scared I’ve been wrong,” Sara explained. “Will Dad be hurt by all this?”
“In the short run, but he will be better off in the long run for it,” Granny stated while working on a quilt.
“Who are you making that for?” Sara asked. 
“It’s a memory quilt. It’s our life history all in one,” she explained.
“That’s quite an undertaking,” Sara mentioned.
“Yes, perhaps, but it is worth it,” Granny smiled as she continued her sewing.
Sara then knew it was Granny’s gift to her when she was gone. They left this unsaid; however, she hoped and prayed that it would take a very long time to finish.

Chapter Fifteen

Dad was acting like a real jerk lately and it was all over Vicki, Sara fretted.  He had a one-track mind. Sara couldn’t say anything without him going off on her. Of course, he had to spend Valentine’s Day with Vicki, instead of her. That use to be their special day together in memory of her mom, but she had been totally forgotten. However, following much pouting on Sara’s part, Dad decided to take them both out to dinner and to a movie that Sara wanted to see. 
Dinner started out pretty well at a fancy Italian restaurant when everyone ordered their favorite meals. Sara’s was a vegetarian pizza, and Dad and Vicki ordered the famous Fettuccini special. When they served it, Sara looked at the humongous portions and merely commented to Vicki, “Wow, that’s enough to ruin your figure.” Then, she dug into her pizza since she was famished. Dad kept fussing about the dinner since Vicki hardly touched hers and finally he asked for a take-out carton to go. Sara excused herself to go to the ladies room and when she returned, she noticed Vicki dabbing at her eyes.
Dad glared at Sara and announced that they had a change of plans. They would be taking Vicki home instead, and that they would have to catch the movie another day. After that, Sara was really steamed. She couldn’t figure out what Vicki’s problem was, with the exception that she probably didn’t want to see the movie she had chosen. However, once they dropped Vicki off, Dad really laid into Sara sternly, “You made Vicki cry with your comment.”
Sara asked what comment and he responded with the one concerning her figure, and all she could say was, “What?”
“The one about her dinner ruining her figure, I want you to be more sensitive to her feelings.”
“Huh,” was all Sara could say at first and then repeated, “You think I made Vicki cry because I said the large portion of Fettuccini was enough to ruin her figure, and that is why we didn’t go to the movies?” Sara stared at him in disbelief. “You’ve got to be kidding!”
It was then Sara realized that Dad had gone over the edge and Vicki had him twisted around her little finger. How could he fall for the crying routine and over an innocent comment like that? Couldn’t he see through it that Vicki just didn’t want to see the movie she had chosen and was putting the blame on her?  Sara was the one being punished for Vicki’s little game of manipulation.
Sara was so livid she couldn’t even talk to him the rest of the way home. He dropped her off at Granny’s as she requested while he headed back to the townhouse. It didn’t take everyone long to sense her mood upon entering the house. Granny was in bed, but Laura finally got Sara to talk about it. 
Laura couldn’t help shaking her head and exclaiming, “Men!” Then she offered to take her, Mia, Ryan, and Megan to the movies the next day; her treat and Sara’s choice. Sara couldn’t help but to give her a big hug. Laura was truly a kindred spirit.

Laura finally was offered a job as a receptionist at a local nursing home. There, she would begin some basic skills with the possibility of being promoted, following the completion of her course work. Everyone was really happy for her, but Sara was also sad in the sense that it would allow her to be able to find a place of her own, once financially stable. 
Sara had grown used to having her and Megan around. Mia visited often to see Ryan and they had some fun times together. Granny was improving and still needed Sara; however, she could already feel the loneliness setting in with the thought of them leaving. Mystic was good company at night, but Granny wasn’t exactly a conversationalist, and it was impossible to talk to Dad lately.
Laura reassured Sara it wasn’t going to be anytime soon since she had to save up money for rent and a deposit, and that would take a while. Yet, it put Sara back into a slump, even though her new counselor was a guy and okay to deal with. Sara had been able to discuss with him how easily women can manipulate them, and he was totally amused by her perception of things. 
Sara still couldn’t talk with Dad, and she avoided Vicki since she used every opportunity to manipulate Dad to get whatever she wanted, usually at Sara’s expense. If Sara said anything, even good luck on her divorce proceedings, Dad would rip into her about her ‘attitude’, so Sara said nothing at all. She could sense that all was not progressing as Dad had hoped and he blamed Sara for it. She didn’t know why, since he wouldn’t have ever met her in the first place if it weren’t for Sara. But, Sara knew she had a bad track record between him and his girlfriends.
It was Ryan who came home from one of his jobs and took Sara aside to tell her that Vicki was back with her husband. Sara figured something was happening, but again, she did not know the specific details. Sara didn’t think Dad knew, and she wasn’t about to tell him since she didn’t want to get shot as the messenger. Sara asked Ryan how he knew, and he said he was shoveling snow at a neighbor’s house and noticed them together through a window.
“What were they doing?” Sara whispered.
“Cuddling in front of the fireplace,” Ryan answered.
“So, they weren’t just talking divorce business, were they?” she asked.
“Everyone knows that she’s a player. Once she catches a guy’s affections, the game’s over. Your dad hasn’t been the first one nor will he be the last, I’m sure.” Ryan explained.
“I’m so relieved,” Sara said. “I really didn’t want her to be my stepmother.” She shuddered, just thinking about it.”
“You better lay low until this plays out,” Ryan suggested.
It was good advice, but hard to follow, especially when it was so close to home. But, Sara didn’t want to take the blame, so she tried to keep her mouth shut and stay at a distance. Though, she wasn’t sure that she had that much self-control.
After Laura started her new job, there was so much more work with the household chores that it kept Sara very busy on top of her in-home studies. As a matter of fact as spring approached, she was beginning to feel better. Granny wanted to get out of the house too, and they were both experiencing cabin fever. In the meantime, Sara helped her with her memory quilt while Granny taught her how to sew, crochet, and to make her well-known recipes. 
Dad still remained clueless after several weeks of Vicki two-timing him, and Ryan and Sara discussed possible interventions to hasten the process. But, when it came close to the follow through, they would chicken out. Actually, it was Laura who came through for them which was surprising to them. Sara didn’t know if she was doing this for her sake, Dad’s or her own since she felt a subtle attraction there that went unspoken.
There was a late snowstorm in March and Granny had invited everyone over for dinner Saturday night. Vicki dreaded these family gatherings and called off due to flu symptoms; however, she encouraged Dad to attend. Sara figured out that she had a better invitation someplace else because Vicki could only be reached by cell phone, and they were not able to detect her whereabouts. 
Ryan was finishing up a snow-shoveling job, when he called his mom from the Wilson’s to come and picked him up. The Wilson’s house was next door to Vicki’s house. Vicki’s husband had been staying at his parent’s place to house-sit while they were in California. The conversation went on unusually long for a mere pick-up call while Laura was busy preparing the meal.
Laura then approached Dad, who was reading the paper in a glum mood while waiting for dinner. She politely asked him if he would mind picking up Ryan since her car was giving her trouble, and she needed to finish preparations. Dad agreed, and Laura made up an extra plate for him to drop off at Vicki’s since it was next door with the excuse that she probably wasn’t feeling up to making anything for herself. Dad’s mood suddenly brightened as everyone exchanged knowing glances after he left.
It was a full hour before Ryan appeared at the door looking somewhat chagrinned.
“Where’s Dad?” Sara asked as Laura entered the room with a questionable expression.
“Um-m, he took off to the townhouse,” Ryan answered.
“Just don’t stand there, tell us what happened?” Sara pressed him.
“When he came to pick me up, he noted another car in Vicki’s driveway, but he took over the plate of food to give to her anyway,” Ryan began. “Her husband answered the door and then Vicki joined him to see who it was. They were dressed to go out somewhere. She was so busted and your dad was so mad.”
 “What was said?” Sara inquired, impatiently.
“Your dad took in the scene and said, “Well, I guess you won’t need this plate of food for your flu since you both seem to be going out for dinner…”
“Then what….”
“At least Vicki had the decency to say, ‘I’m so sorry, David…I was going to tell you’. Then your dad said to me, ‘let’s go, dinner is waiting for us.’ But as we approached the house, he was so bummed out that he just asked me to tell you that he was taking a rain check for tonight.”
“Well, at least, he won’t go hungry. He still has a plate of food with him,” Laura interjected, smiling.
“Hope he doesn’t do anything stupid,” Sara expressed and then added, “like I tried to do.”
“Don’t worry,” Laura gave Sara a hug. “He’s a big boy. He’ll be able to handle it. He just needs time to himself right now. This is probably a combination between devastating and embarrassing to him. Let’s eat, before it gets cold.”
There wasn’t much conversation at dinner, but there was a mood of guilty contentment as they all pitched in.

Chapter Sixteen

Dad decided this was a good time to get away for the both of them since Laura and her church friends were available for Granny’s needs, and they both needed a reprieve for some time together to reconnect. It was the end of March, and a cold snap kept hanging on and they were eager for a break. So, they planned a spontaneous trip south with no particular itinerary, except for a few general suggestions. Sara knew that Dad was feeling guilty for doubting her and treating her so poorly in favor of Vicki’s manipulations. So, Sara was going to take advantage of his guilt, especially in the shopping area as this trip was all about her for once.
They headed through Virginia where the weather began to turn warmer and visited Monticello, Thomas Jefferson’s home in Charlottesville, Virginia. Sara always loved history and relished all of Thomas Jefferson’s inventions, including a calendar clock and dumb waiters. It was fun to observe the modern day kitchen of the time, and she could imagine herself right back in the era working to prepare a meal. Then, they toured James Monroe’s Ash Lawn, a small working farm in the Highlands nearby. Following that, they visited the University of Virginia which Jefferson initiated as a college of learning, and Dad suggested Sara might be interested in attending someday. 
Soon after, they took off to Williamsburg, the first capital of the colonies and learned about all of the trades of the time. They toured the Governor’s Palace and the First Congress where Patrick Henry argued, “Give me liberty or give me death!”  They dined on colonial fare that included Virginia ham, sweet potatoes, greens, spoon bread and raisin pudding for dessert and finally headed to Jamestown for a lesson about one of the first colonies. In between, they visited unique shops and Sara bought everyone a souvenir, including a few books for herself on colonial living. It was a great vacation for the both of them. By the time they were heading home, they actually had something positive to talk about. It was very therapeutic since they had finally found a common interest in colonial history.
When they returned home, it was none too soon as Granny turned incoherent and was hospitalized for a possible stroke. She did come out of it gradually, but she just didn’t seem quite herself. Again, Sara was her main caregiver and Granny had in-home therapies to help her recovery. She did remember family and long-term events; however, her short-term memory was affected. Sara was grateful that it didn’t affect her physical capabilities and hoped she would recover her memory with time. This was hard on everyone because Granny was repetitive in both actions and statements, but they were still able to spend many hours together, finishing up the outside perimeter of the memory quilt together.
As April turned into May, Granny spent more and more time just rocking in her chair, looking out the window. Sometimes it seemed that she was far away. Yet, during her better moments, Sara and she still enjoyed looking through albums. She would reminisce about Sara’s mother and share details Sara never knew. Sara had to take everything with a grain of salt as one never knew what was fact or fiction anymore since it would vary from day to day, never knowing what to expect.  Sometimes, it was heartbreaking to see her this way. Other times, Granny would talk to her as though she was Sara’s mother and that was always disconcerting to her. Other times, Granny would talk to some unknown entity in the room which was spooky. Laura mentioned that the veil between this world and the next was gradually disappearing to her. They would see this quite often in the nursing home, and it meant their time was near. This thought brought tears to Sara’s eyes, but Granny always said that they were brought together for a reason and Sara was grateful for the time they shared.
Laura and Dad were very supportive. Sara wanted to spend every minute possible with Granny. She clung to her like she would have wanted to with her mother, although she never had the chance. Sometimes, Sara felt emotionally drained and Dad and Laura were concerned about it, but it gave her a purpose. It was something she knew she needed to do, for her and especially for Granny.
Sara continued seeing her counselor, but now every other week. The warm weather was here for good, and she would take Granny outside and work in the gardens or they would go for a walk in her wheelchair and just enjoy the sunshine. She was always friendly and cooperative and past friends would give her a sad, but knowing look as they witnessed her continuing decline. Yet, she still had many church visitors who would bring her flowers, which she loved, and chocolate chip cookies. 
Mystic took to sleeping with Granny as a protection. At first, Sara couldn’t understand why Mystic had deserted her, but Laura said that cats tended to know when the end is near. Sara did too and wanted to relish every remaining minute, so she wouldn’t have any regrets.
By June, Granny was beginning to lose weight since she refused to eat most of the time.  Granny wouldn’t hear of going to a nursing home, nor did she want anything special to be done to prolong her life. It made for some difficult decisions. Finally, Dad had no choice and hired around the clock nursing care for her since this was way beyond Sara’s abilities. It was difficult for Sara to watch her die a million cells each day, little by little, minute by minute. Here and there, she would eat a bit of this or drink a little something to quench her thirst. But, she became more and more confused as the days slowly passed. Sara was a mix of emotions and if it weren’t for Laura, who saw this over and over again at the nursing home, she would have been a total basket case. It was true, Sara didn’t want her to suffer anymore, but it was also hard to let her go.
Sara distinctly remembered their last conversation. She sat next to her bed, putting the edging around their memory quilt with its final touches while watching TV as Granny slept.  Granny suddenly stirred, and Sara turned the TV off. It was amazing as she talked to Sara with such clarity while holding her hand. 
Granny took Sara’s hand and barely whispered, “Your mother waits, but wants me to tell you she loves you dearly as I do. Go forth with your gift to help others. We will always be there for you; just call us and we will come.” Then she squeezed Sara’s hand for the final time, but she suddenly let go and closed her eyes.
“Granny, Granny,” Sara repeated and then looked around with tears rolling down her cheek. “Mom, are you out there?” Sara saw a poof of light and the curtains began to flutter as she heard a voice saying to ‘go now in peace and love’. 
“Laura,” Sara yelled, and everyone came running. “She’s gone.” Sara burst into tears in her arms as Dad joined them in a group hug. Suddenly, Sara felt a burst of energy and a radiation of love. Did Laura and Dad feel it also as they suddenly jumped apart and looked at each other?
“What was that?” Dad asked surprised, staring at the both of them.
“I think it was Granny’s final gift to us, Dad,” Sara sniffled as Laura escorted Sara from the room, so the nurse could take over.

Everyone in town seemed to come out for Granny’s funeral. It was overwhelming to the point that the church and the church hall could hardly hold the crowd. She had many friends and obviously used her gift as a medium, far and wide, because people came from all over. Sara had the chance to meet distant relatives, she had never known. The funeral itself was touching and unlike her experiences at school, everyone was exceptionally kind and complimentary. Sara was really taken aback by it, but hung close with her Dad and Laura. The town virtually closed down for the procession of cars to the cemetery. The flowers were numerous, to the point that many arrangements were donated to nursing homes and hospitals around the area. 
It was a sunny and warm June day as Granny was buried next to Sara’s mother at Oak Grove Cemetery. Sara chose to keep the dedication rose, instead of leaving it on the casket. She would dry and laminate it, using it as a bookmark in the family Bible. Afterwards, there was a constant stream of people who stopped by the house. Laura was the perfect hostess until darkness set in and the crowd finally dwindled.  Then, there was just the immediate family. It was over with, just like that, after 80 years of life. Sara was both physically and emotionally exhausted as was everyone else. The day had been unimaginable. Yet, Sara did sleep soundly that night, most probably because she was depleted of tears to shed.

The next morning, the sun shone and the birds sang, welcoming a new day. It was like nothing devastating ever occurred. Sara sadly realized that life goes on with or without us. 
Amazingly, Dad decided it was time for another spontaneous trip and they chose to hike part of the Blue Ridge Parkway for a few days. This kept Sara’s mind busy in preparations, but this time surprisingly, Laura and Ryan would accompany them. Megan was staying with her grandparents. Dad kidded that he had to bring someone along to do the cooking while they caught the fish. Typical dork, Sara thought.
The weather was great, the exercise physically exhausting, but it was instrumental in helping them bond with nature and take their minds off of recent events. Dad and Ryan used the latest technology in lures to catch fish. They enjoyed the wildlife and they witnessed a red fox scurry across the trail. Unknown to them then, Dad and Ryan would encounter a scarier scene that night as they each slept in their sleeping bags on top of picnic tables while Laura and Sara enjoyed the tiny cabin enclosure. 
All of a sudden they heard ‘bear, bear’ being yelled out. Laura and Sara jumped up to peek out the door, and there was a brown bear sniffing about the sleeping bags as the guys remained deathly still inside. It was probably looking for the remains of their fish dinner, Sara thought, but didn’t feel the bear would do any major bodily harm.
Laura, who always knew what to do in the event of an emergency, grabbed two metal pans and started to bang them together. The bear stood up on its hind legs and then quickly took off into the woods. After that, they all spent the rest of the night huddled together in their tiny cabin. It was an experience to remember, and Sara never saw two brave guys so scared. Come daylight, they headed back to the car and decided to stay at a motel and take shorter hiking trips. But, besides their misadventures, everyone had a really fun time. 
It made returning to an empty house that much more difficult.  Everyone had to return to work, and there were only Sara’s memories until Megan came home from her grandmother’s house. Later that week, they gathered for the reading of the will as the lawyer joined everyone in the parlor. Sara had never been to one, so she didn’t know what to expect.
Granny left a small sum to the church and library and a larger sum to Laura with the right to reside rent-free in the house for the next year. She provided trust funds for the house’s repairs and for Sara’s college education. The house was old with need of much maintenance, but it would provide shelter for them until other plans could be made. It was nice to know her college would be paid, but first, she somehow needed to find a way to finish high school. Without Granny’s guidance, it seemed to be an insurmountable task, but at least Sara had a couple of months to figure it out.
Chapter Seventeen

Actually, Sara’s job for the summer was to baby-sit Megan, so Laura and Ryan could work. It was payback time for all that Laura did for them. Sara was glad to have Megan’s company since this big, old house could be might lonely, especially without Granny. Whenever Sara missed her, she would wrap the memory quilt around herself as she watched TV since most times it hung over the couch for decoration. It came out beautifully and Sara was grateful for the opportunity to learn the art of quilting and crocheting.  
Laura asked Sara to volunteer at the care center, and since it was an Eden Nursing Home, it encouraged many children and pets to visit. Megan enjoyed the resident dog named Molly, who was a mild mannered Golden Retriever, and there were multiple cats, aviaries, and aquariums. The place looked like a jungle with the hanging plants. There were kids’ events every week and Megan helped with geri-kids, a form of exercise group with balloons. There never was enough help with bingo which was the residents’ favorite activity. The Activity Director, Lisa, was planning a family picnic, so many of the craft classes consisted of making decorations and centerpieces to hang on display. Sara was glad to pitch in.
Her favorite was gardening in the courtyard. It was recently fenced in due to the deer having eaten much of the produce the previous year. Outside was a vegetable garden with tomatoes, lettuce, and cucumbers. Next to it was the memory garden of flowers, which was a memorial to the deceased residents. Laura dedicated an area to Granny, who many of the residents knew, and where Sara made sure the roses were well tended.
The Elders as they were called, craved attention. They just couldn’t stay busy enough. Sara had the time to spend crocheting or quilting with them to make raffle prizes for the upcoming picnic. It was a big function to organize.
Laura seemed to bloom in this environment. She had many contributing ideas, especially in the cooking area and was involved in the project of collating a recipe book for the facility to be ready by next Christmas. Every staff person was instrumental in sharing his or her talents with the residents.
Sara knew this was the place where she could use and practice her gift the most. The Elders loved the attention and Sara realized right away who was having a difficult day or was depressed, and who was ready to cross over soon. Each one had a different aura that radiated in different colors to exude these emotions or status.  Because of this, Sara knew whom, how and when to approach them. The residents were always appreciative of her attention. Even with those who had senile dementia, or were hard of hearing or aphasic, she was able to determine their needs. It was a really positive experience for both Sara, and everyone involved since she was able to use her gift with much appreciation. Ironically, staff only thought she related well, but didn’t seem to care how or why. 

Dad was constantly on business trips and was hardly ever home now, so Sara just stayed at the house. Mia was spending most of the summer on a church mission work and went on several trips to various needed areas, particularly Appalachia and Louisiana to help build and rebuild churches. Ryan had a steady job as a bagger at the grocery store, in addition, to his morning paper route. 
One day, Dad flew in early from a business trip. Sara never even knew he was in town, except for this nagging feeling that something wasn’t quite right. She needed to pick up some of her things at the townhouse, so she asked Laura to drive her over. Laura always respected her intuition and when they arrived, sure enough, there was Dad’s car outside. He was in bed when Sara went in and he did not look well. Sara summoned Laura, who took one look at him and virtually made him go to Urgent Care. He was so listless and not responding well with complaints of pain and fatigue with little motivation to do anything, but sleep. 
Urgent Care first evaluated him and then admitted him to the hospital for tests. Sara was scared since they didn’t have a clue what could be the problem. Laura was really good about taking Sara to be with him while he underwent a series of tests. The results came back as Lyme disease. Everyone was shocked as no one mentioned a tick bite or rash. His doctors started an IV of antibiotics right away. 
Dad mumbled, “I feel like I’ve been hit by a Mack truck. Every joint in my body hurts.”
“And you look like you’ve been,” Sara agreed with him. “I’ve never seen him so down under,” Sara whispered to Laura worried. “Can a little tick cause all this?”
“Guess so, but luckily, it’s been caught early since it’s been known to cause havoc,” Laura mentioned.
“I hope so ‘cause I don’t want to be an orphan.” Sara began to panic at the idea.
“He’ll be fine. You’ve all gone through so much and it takes a toll. He’ll recuperate in time,” Laura reassured Sara with a hug.
Of course, everyone who went on the trip was questioned if they had noticed a strange circular rash anyplace on them, which they hadn’t. Laura figured Dad must have caught it during their camping trip in Virginia. Guess he was just the misfortunate one, Sara sighed.
Dad was brought back to the house, following three days of treatment, in which he was put on oral antibiotics. He was in such a weakened state that Laura decided he needed to be where all of them could take turns watching him, which became mainly Sara’s job.
Dad kept murmuring repeatedly that he didn’t know what the matter was, that he just couldn’t think straight, which is one of the characteristics of the disease. Ten days of rest, then a revisit to the doctors, was the medical order. Dad was a horrible patient, never one to want to stay still and rest, but he didn’t have a choice. So Sara brought him books and magazines to read, even though his level of concentration remained way off.
Laura’s cooking made a difference since it was hard to resist. Although it went unsaid, Laura and Sara were extremely worried over him. The extensive medications were taking a toll on him, when he experienced an allergic reaction and had to change to another. This prolonged the healing process. They were spoiling him and as he began to feel better, he was beginning to enjoy this relaxed state, unlike his very stressful traveling job.
Sara and Mia hung out whenever they could. They decided to go to the mall when Dad gave Sara money for her birthday to spend. Since she was supposed to return to school, Sara needed some clothes and Mia definitely had an eye for fashion. Sara found several outfits to her liking with her approval. After a full day, they headed for the food court for a snack break. Mia treated Sara to her favorite; veggie pizza and they had a chance to chat. Mia could be pretty direct with her questions when she wanted to know something.
She began with, “What’s wrong with your Dad?”
“Huh,” Sara said, looking at her strangely. “He’s has Lyme disease, remember……Mia to earth, can you hear me????
“I mean, Laura has been there for your family and obviously likes him. Is he ever going to reciprocate?”
“How do you know all this?”
“Well, besides it’s obvious, I do hang out with Ryan. He’s the one who wants to know, but didn’t want to ask you directly,” Mia explained. “I mean, you all have a good time together.”
“I don’t know, maybe because he doesn’t want to boomerang from his last relationship,” Sara answered while sipping her soda.
“You mean, he just goes for the Barbie doll types and then gets hurt by them?” Mia continued.
“Maybe, he doesn’t want to ruin a good friendship,” Sara offered. “Or perhaps, he doesn’t want to rush Laura in her grieving. His relationships are a sensitive area and we always end up fighting over them. I end up getting blamed for wrecking them, so it’s become a taboo subject.”
“Well, Ryan says a friend of the family has been e-mailing her and is planning on dropping by to see her,” Mia went on.
“Wow, really?” Sara didn’t know that. “Gosh, Laura has been like a second mother to me, especially with Granny gone. I would really hate to lose her.” She was now half talking to herself.
“Your dad better start getting with it then. I don’t want to lose Ryan either,” Mia went on. “This guy is in the service and currently stationed in Florida.”
“I don’t know how to make my dad fall in love with someone,” Sara stated, shrugging her shoulders.   
“Well, you better think of something fast-like,” Mia concluded.
“This one’s for Granny. I’m not experienced with the love scene,” Sara explained.
“Well, offer it up and ask her. Isn’t that what she told you to do if you ever needed her,” Mia reminded her.
“Yeah, but this is a bit personal, don’t you think?” Sara asked her.
“Do you like Laura enough to be your stepmother, or are you willing to chance it on one of the losers your dad has chosen in the past?” Mia questioned her.
“I guess you’re right…okay here goes….Granny, I want you to get Dad and Laura together. I want her as my stepmother. He needs a kick in the pants, before he totally loses her,” Sara announced as she looked up. “Okay, did I do this right?”
Mia shrugged and blushed, “I hope so ‘cause everyone’s looking at us.”
“Let’s get out of here,” Sara suggested, and they quickly took off.
Laura came to pick them up.  They both sat quietly in the back seat until she looked at them strangely and asked, “Is anything wrong?”
They both shook their heads quickly and looked out the window the rest of the way home.

Chapter Eighteen

One day, before Dad was supposed to return to work, there was a knock on the door. Since Dad was downstairs watching TV, he answered it before Sara could get there. Standing at the door was a very handsome soldier in full uniform asking for Laura. Sara knew right away who he was, although Dad didn’t have a clue because Sara had been too chicken to have their little talk.
Dad invited him in and he introduced himself as Jake Montgomery. When Dad reciprocated, Jake mentioned that Laura already had told him about it all, which surprised Dad from his expression. He mentioned he was the best friend of Laura’s husband, Ben, and served with him over in Afghanistan. He hadn’t been able to return from his tour until now, but has been keeping in touch by way of e-mail. He had a package to deliver to Laura, of Ben’s mementos, and promised Ben he would check up and take care of any needs Laura had. This was the first opportunity he had. Dad looked positively stricken, and Sara was wondering if this was Granny’s idea of sending this handsome soldier to their front door.
Just then, the door popped open again and in came Laura and Megan. Megan stopped, and then ran over to Jake and yelled, “Uncle Jake! You came!” and gave him a big hug.
Laura was also included in the group hug with all the typical conversation of how have you been…it’s been so long…you’ll have to stay for dinner etc. Jake had other ideas and told Laura to go get ‘dressed’ up because he was going to take her out to dinner, but first, he wanted to give her this package from Ben as promised.
“Thank you,” Laura whispered. “But, I better wait until later to open this up when I’m ready for a good cry, that is.”
“Well, you go on and get ready…as we have a lot of catching up to do!” Jake repeated. 
It didn’t take Laura long to present herself in a flirty, black dress that looked stunning on her.
“Wow,” Sara couldn’t help saying. “You look terrific.” 
From the look of Dad, Sara noted, he thought so himself.
Laura reminded Sara where all the leftovers were and Sara told her not to worry. “You just have a great time.” Sara reassured her. “Everything is fine here.”
Laura deserved a fun evening since this year had been a hard one for her, Sara realized. After she left, Dad was really quiet.
“A good looking couple they make, don’t you think?” Sara tantalized him.
“Humph,” was all he could say.
“Well, you have to admit, Laura is a really nice person and deserves to be happy again,” Sara rambled on. “It’s too bad; you’ve been too busy to notice lately. I want her to be happy, but I’d sure miss her if that meant her moving away.”
Another humph was all Dad added in and clicked on the TV. Jake and Laura didn’t return until late, amidst laughter, and conversation. Sara could overhear Jake mentioning that he’d see her tomorrow. Later in her room, Sara could hear Laura crying and knew she had opened up the package. Sara wanted to go to her, but figured Laura needed this time to be alone.
When Sara woke up, Dad had packed his suitcase and gone back to the townhouse. Somehow, he must have felt that two’s company and three’s a crowd. Sara was mad at him that he would just give up so easily and leave. She was hoping that he would at least compete for Laura’s affections, but Sara guessed he was just a lost cause in this department. Sara was greatly annoyed with him about it and it couldn’t help but put her in another funk.
Laura took off from work and spent the day with Jake. Sara had no idea where they went or what they did, but she came home all aglow and happy. Sara called Dad and he had gone back to work since he had a lot to catch up on. Jake stayed one more day before he had to head back to the base. Sara spent the day with Mia lamenting the situation, but to no avail. What was to be was to be and I have no control over it, Sara thought, so I can only offer it up. My only hope is that this is part of the plan and that Granny is involved somehow. Sara could only wait and see and try to keep herself busy, in the meantime.

Within a week, everything was back to routine. It was the beginning of August and the hot days settled in. Sara had mix feeling about starting high school, but she sure didn’t want to be all by herself in the big house without anyone to keep her company. Since Granny’s funeral, Sara felt more accepted for some reason. Perhaps, it was because she was expected to carry on the tradition of uniqueness, which added character to the old Victorian house. Or perhaps, word got around about Mr. Adams’ diagnosis of colon cancer and remission. Anyway, except for a few people who asked her advice about mostly missing items, Sara was pretty much left alone. She was glad because she really needed time to heal. She did continue to have her ups and downs with periods of tearfulness, yet only Laura seemed to know it was more than just hormones. She remained Sara’s major support, simply because she understood what it was to lose someone you love.
Dad spent more time hanging around the house, mostly doing fix-up projects. He would take everyone out on occasional excursions to camp and sightsee or just out to eat, yet Sara didn’t notice any big spark happening between him and Laura. It frustrated her as Sara knew they were right for each other, but Dad just seemed to be unmotivated. It was annoying to her, needless to say.
Megan and Sara hung out at the town pool. Sara saw some of the kids from school, but they didn’t bother her. On occasion, Mia would come along and always draw attention with her perky figure. She grumbled that the pastor wouldn’t let her wear a bikini, and Sara could see why, but she didn’t say anything. Mia seemed to draw attention, wherever she went, which made Ryan jealous. The sun would highlight the red in Sara’s hair, and it complimented her green two-piece bathing suit that brought out a bit of envy from Mia.
Sara knew that Dad’s job remained stressful to him, particularly since he wasn’t 100% well. He was tired of the commute to the city and his constant business trips. Sara realized that a change was in the works, but again, she couldn’t pinpoint the details.
One day in mid-August, he surprised Sara by announcing that he was quitting his job.
“Really?” Sara said, casually. “I figured something was up with you.”
“I was offered another job and I’ve decided to take it,” he continued. “It’s in the Montgomery School District as their computer tech.”
“What made you decide to do this?” Sara inquired.
“After being sick, I just wasn’t up to the jet set routine, anymore. I guess I’m just beginning to feel my age.” Dad smiled. “Of course, it doesn’t come with big bucks, but it’ll be a heck of a lot of less stress.”
“So, when will you start?” Sara asked.
“After Labor Day, same as you, which will mean I’ll have more vacation and a lot less commute,” he explained.
“Sounds good to me, but I must be losing it as I couldn’t figure out what exactly was going on?” Sara wondered aloud.
“Perhaps, it’s because I’ve learned how to psych you out, so to say. I did that with your mother also, so she couldn’t read my mind all the time,” Dad laughed.
“And how do you do that?” Sara demanded with a miffed tone.
“Like, I’m going to tell you. I need to have a few tricks to the trade myself, you know, in order to survive around here,” Dad went on.
“Fine, be that way,” Sara stated, but was satisfied as she felt the tide was beginning to turn.
After this big announcement, Sara began to tune in and she definitely knew something else was about to happen. Not so much by her dad, but through Laura, even though a word was not spoken. 
When Sara tried to quiz Laura, she would respond, “You tell me, I’d like to know too.” Sara knew she wasn’t letting on either.
Sara, Ryan, and Mia had a big powwow to discuss it with no consensus as to what was happening. Sara truly thought Granny was answering her request, but she didn’t want to jump to any conclusions, so she kept her conjectures to herself. Nor did she want to interfere with a positive energy force, so Sara decided to lie low for now and see what would occur.

Chapter Nineteen

The week before school, Dad announced another vacation. He was taking them all down to Tennessee to Pigeon Forge to see Dollywood. Sara had been there once when she was little and remembered loving it, so she was anxious to see it again. Laura said that they had reservations to a special show and that they should bring something nice to wear.
Her parents were joining them on the trip also, so an extended van was rented that held seven. Everyone was all excited about the trip and they were ready to go. They started early in the morning and arrived late at night, exhausted. Dad rented a time-share condo just outside Pigeon Forge.
The next day they were at Dollywood early, enjoying country music and touring all the unique crafters from the area. Dad was extremely generous with his money, and they were glad to spend it on souvenirs from the Emporium. Sara made sure to purchase Mia a Dollywood sweatshirt in pink since it was her favorite color. They ate country fare and learned how to flat foot. Ryan was interested in the fiddle and bought a cheap one to practice on, from the money he saved from his work. That night, everyone hit the sack, totally beat from a fun day. 
The next morning, Dad announced this was dress up day since they were taking in a special show at 3:00 pm. They spent the morning at the pool and the afternoon spiffing up. Dad refused to tell them the name of the show; however, he was showing Ryan how to use his new digital camera. Sara knew this was it, but Dad would only tell them it was a surprise show. They got into the van, traveled a short distance and stopped at a quaint church, tucked in the trees next to a waterfall.
“Okay, ready to fess up?” Sara asked suspiciously as they entered a prettily decorated chapel, with a lovely spray of flowers on the altar and glittering gold bows attached to each pew.  
At that moment, Dad stopped and turned around to face Laura, dropped to one knee and asked, “Will you marry me?”
 Laura took his hands into hers, smiling and answered sweetly, “Yes, I will.”
Ryan just stared in awe as Megan kept saying “Oh my God, Oh my God,” while Dad and Laura just beamed and announced, “Well, let’s go ahead and get married then.”
Laura laughed and said, “Surprise to everyone, except possibly Sara.”
Sara just grinned in reply. What else could she say as she gave her a hug?
The minister appeared and was introduced to everyone. Ryan was to be Dad’s best man, and Sara was to be the maid of honor with Megan as the junior bridesmaid.
After a quick discussion of the ceremony and positions, the minister’s wife gave Laura a lovely bouquet of cascading, white orchids, and then began playing the wedding march on the organ as Laura, in her beautiful yellow dress, was escorted down the aisle by her very proud father.  They all waited at the altar, mesmerized, except Laura’s mother, who was busy taking the pictures. The ceremony was short and sweet with Dad presenting Laura a magnificent diamond and wedding ring. Everyone cheered, amidst tears of happiness and hugs, when they were pronounced man and wife. Dad proceeded to kiss the bride. After everything was signed and official, Dad took them out to eat at a very expensive restaurant. The waiter brought in champagne and everyone toasted the bride and groom, and then a small, but delicious wedding cake was served.
As they were finishing up, Ryan grinned as he raised his eyebrows and asked, “So, what’s next on the agenda, DAD?”  
“Well, this is where we split. You and the rest will return to the condo while your mother and I take off for a few days,” Dad commented with a wink.
“Such as…where?” Ryan continued.
“Such as none of your business,” Dad replied.
“What about us?” whined Megan.
“You honey, will be with Grandma and Grandpa. They’re going to take you to the aquarium and a country show and swimming every day we’re gone,” Laura explained.
“But, I want to go with you, too,” Megan whimpered.
“Hey,” Sara pitched in, “how many kids get to go to their parent’s wedding and at least part of their honeymoon? I think we can handle a couple of days together without them, don’t you think?”
Megan just pouted as Laura gave her a hug and soothed her, “Just think, I’m going to bring you something special back as a souvenir. I know you will be good for Grandma and Grandpa, won’t you?” Megan nodded sadly.
“Okay then, we’ll see you in a couple of days,” Dad announced as they bid everyone good-bye, leaving them in a semi-state of shock from the events of the day.
As promised, they all had a great time at the aquarium, took in a Black Bear Show, had their pictures taken and purchased the video which showed them waving in the audience. Grandma bought Ryan and Sara t-shirts and Megan an adorable teddy bear. Grandpa had the wedding pictures developed and they were able to look through them before Laura or Dad. As a wedding gift, Grandpa had some enlarged while Grandma and Sara arranged them into a wedding frame, and then bought an album for the rest of them.
After a few days, everyone was looking forward to Dad’s and Laura’s return. Megan was antsy, Laura’s parents were exhausted and Ryan and Sara were ready to head home to prepare for school, beginning next week. It was a fun way to have a family wedding with lots of excitement, Sara had to admit.
Laura and Dad stayed at the Biltmore Hotel, just across the border, in North Carolina and Dad, who was a history buff, relished in the tour of the Vanderbilt Estate and gorgeous gardens. Laura loved the antiques and variety of European décor and artwork. They were both totally glowing from their experiences in a honeymoon manner. They brought gifts back to include crystal and specially made wine from the Biltmore for Laura’s parents, and sweatshirts, in a variety of colors for the kids. The problem was to fit it all into the van, which was somehow accomplished as they happily headed home to face a new chapter in their lives.

Epilogue

 It was so strange as Sara helped Dad to pack up their belongings in the townhouse and moved them to the Victorian house. It had been a year and the timing was perfect since their lease was up. Ryan, Mia and Sara were starting their first year in high school as freshmen, and Sara was ready to face it. With Laura’s help, she was confident that she could control her gift. And even if it was above her abilities, she could always offer it up to Granny, whom she knew was just smiling from her cloud above. Sara also felt her Mom would be happy that both Dad and she could finally move on in life, after almost 10 years. 
  Little did Sara know that high school would bring new adventures and challenges in which she would need Granny as her personal consultant on many occasions. Yet, Sara felt confident that she had a lot of help from Ryan and Mia to make a difference and to use her gifts wisely. So much, that together they became known as the psychic squad, with many more new and exciting adventures to follow.

PART II – THE PSYCHIC SQUAD

Chapter One

Sara had just received a phone call from the high school for her parents to set up an appointment with the principal and staff before she was allowed to return to school. This brought back all the nightmares of the past year, which she desperately attempted to put behind her. Sara was hoping to start over again, but it wasn’t going to be that easy, she realized. Lying on her bed with Mystic, her cat purring, Sara opened her journal, which she wrote in sporadically. Her psychologist, with whom she was counseled by the past year, suggested that journaling her experiences would be very therapeutic. Perhaps, it would have been if Sara had been more consistent. However, now the feeling of dread returned as she reread the journal’s entries from her 8th grade experiences.

August 31 
	
I’m about to begin a new school and a new life, and my head’s still reeling as to all that happened this past year since returning to Pennsylvania from California with my dad.  It’s hard to believe that I am back in the town where I was born. My Granny’s supposed to help me understand the special ‘gift’ given to me by my mother. I can hardly remember my mom before she was killed by a drunk driver, when I was four years old. Looking at her picture always brings me a warm feeling since she was known for her kindness as well as being a blond beauty, something I did not inherit. I resemble my dad, who is tall with auburn hair and quite handsome. Still, although I am a tomboy, I really don’t want to look like him.


October 15

On my first week of school, I bumped into Ryan, who just moved here with his mom and little sister to be closer to relatives after his dad died in Afghanistan. Granny said he was my first case in using my ‘gift’ to help others. I met Mia at a church function. She resides with Pastor Ken‘s family, after living in several foster homes. She was a victim of abuse and Granny claims she is my second case.  Actually, she is here to help me more during my difficult times. We are meant for each other.  She and Ryan really hit it off and we all hang out, that is, whenever Ryan isn’t working one of his many part time jobs he has to help support his family.

December 30

Granny is doing the best she can with me.  I had come to understand my ‘gift’, which constantly causes me trouble with my inability to control it. Besides having sporadic insight to the future, my energy surges create havoc at times. This would affect computers and make objects move when I am agitated. Needless to say, it causes me problems with my teachers. My dad was especially affected, particularly in his relationships, and I always tended to be in the middle of that. I was even blamed for jinxing him, but actually these past girlfriends were all wrong for him. I couldn’t help that.  I was just doing him a favor, but he doesn’t always appreciate my interventions.

Sara noted that she stopped writing in her journal, around the time that Granny’s health began to decline, after her accident. A couple of poems dropped from her journal to the floor which she quickly bent over to retrieve. She remembered expressing her feelings in poetry, mostly because it was a different approach and something mentally stimulating to do.  She tucked the poems away to look at later in the back of her journal. On an impulse, Sara thought she would continue to write in her journal to update it.

August 25

It has been over a year since I started this journal. This spring, I was busy taking care of Granny before she died. We spent our time together making a memory quilt. I came to depend on Laura to help me through Granny’s passing. She was very supportive and there for me during all of my difficult times.
I had always thought of Ryan as a pest, but he became my stepbrother when my dad and Laura eloped, during a family vacation.  Everyone knew they were right for each other, except my dad, who just didn’t get it for the longest time. But, fate brought us together as a family, and Laura is truly a ‘kindred’ spirit. She’s the only one left, who can help me through my episodes of confusion and depression.

August 28

In a couple of days is the meeting with the Principal and the Guidance Counselor to review my schedules and goals. My dad and Laura will be there with me, but I am still apprehensive about this. I know my issues of the past year will surface and be reviewed. This involved the little incidences that occurred during classes, especially when I was agitated. These typically were little things like knocking over a water bottle or flipping pages of the teacher’s book. Mr. Roth, my math teacher, was knocked on his butt when his negativity and anger were redirected back to him after I put a protective white light around me during a verbal attack. He just missed being hurt when a screen I was staring at, dislodged from the wall while attempting to redirect my energy surge. Of course, that would be a tough one to prove as my fault.
Laura’s supposed to take a day off from her job as a receptionist at a local nursing home to attend my meeting. Luckily, Dad doesn’t start his new job as the IT computer person at a neighboring school district until tomorrow. I was glad when he quit his previous job in New York City, which involved a lot of traveling and I seldom saw him. Now, we can be a family since he’s off the same holidays as the rest of us, kids.  
Ten years have passed since the death of my mother and Laura has been a wonderful person. It’s time for Dad to settle down. After his recent bout with Lyme disease, I think he’s looking forward to a normal life with new beginnings. I hope I won’t spoil everything for them.
Megan just turned eight and will begin the third grade. She’s very shy and I know she’s scared. She opened up to me when I babysat her most of the summer  while her mother worked. She had been through a lot this past year as she adored her dad and became very clingy to Laura. At least, Ryan and Dad get along since both of them are computer geeks.  It was a big change for everyone. Laura was there for Granny and me during our difficult times. She deserves some happiness as well.

August 27

All I want is to be normal, but Granny would remind me that I am at a higher spiritual level and more mature than others my age. I was given my gift to use appropriately for the benefits of others. Unfortunately, although Granny had some psychic abilities and was known around this small town as a medium between this life and the next, she didn’t know much about telekinesis or the ability to move objects. I am on my own in this area. I have to depend on the respect the town had for Granny to be accepted. After all, the old Victorian has a reputation of uniqueness to uphold, following Granny’s passing, and I am her one remaining blood relative. We’ll see since tomorrow will tell.

Sara sighed, and Mystic meowed as Sara stroked her silky fur. Granny always told Sara that with Mystic’s help, she could better solve problems by just opening herself up to the universe. This usually came to her in dreams or visions of the future. Lying in the bed her mother had when she was a little girl, always made Sara feel a part of her. It was a quiet and comforting room. Mystic and Sara were now ‘kindred’ spirits.  Mystic was always there for Sara and seemed to understand. She was Sara’s link between the two worlds with her ability to know and be aware of unseen forces.		

Chapter Two

The next day came all too quickly. Ryan stayed with Megan while Laura, Dad, and Sara scurried about in last minute preparations to be punctual for the big meeting. They were eager to appear as a united front and reviewed their strategies together. Since this was a small town, the middle school and the high school were adjoined. This meant it was possible to have the same teachers two years in a row, depending on the courses they taught. Except for Mr. Keenan, the Earth Science teacher, Sara was truly hoping this wouldn’t occur.
They were finally in the waiting room outside the principal; Mr. Malley’s office. When they were escorted in, Sara was surprised to note the Assistant Principal; Ms. Avery, the school Psychologist; Dr. Worth and the Guidance Counselor; Mr. Richards, there as well. She felt out-numbered and realized that this was not going to be a typical cut and dry meeting.   
After introductions, Mr. Malley began, “We want to begin this year with common goals and expectations to be a successful one for all of us. This is why I’ve asked other faculty members to join us, so we can develop a program for Sara. We have prepared some common interventions, to note specifically what we expect of Sara this year.”
Sara could tell from her father’s frustrated expression that after glancing at the contract presented to him by Ms. Avery that he was not pleased.
“I recognize these expectations from the handbook provided for freshmen; however, we all know that Sara has some special needs that we have to address, in addition to what‘s listed,” Sara’s dad remarked with a frown.
“We are aware of that; however, you must agree, we cannot have our classroom interrupted in a negative manner similar to what happened last year,” Ms. Avery interrupted.
“Sara has gone through so much this past year. She has had her ups and downs, although I believe for the most part that she has overcome these issues and has made a positive difference in this community. We need to take that into consideration,” Sara’s dad interceded for her as she slowly crouched down in her chair, staring at the floor.
“Yes, we have many students who have been through a lot this past year, but we have to consider everyone’s safety,” Mr. Malley countered.
“I wouldn’t hurt anyone, intentionally,” Sara stated as she could feel her anxiety surge.
“Of course you wouldn’t, but we need specific interventions to prevent this, never-the-less,” Ms. Avery continued in her no nonsense tone of voice.
“We would like to give Sara more one-on-one attention. We feel with additional assistance, she would be able to function better,” Mr. Richards interjected. “We have a classroom specifically set-up for students with specific needs in the behavior area.”
“What is that?” Sara’s dad inquired, in a low, seething voice.
“Alternative Education, which is located in the basement level of the school,” Mr. Malley went on. “I believe Sara would function very well in that environment.”
“You mean you want to put Sara in alternative education because of her gift?” Laura questioned with an astonished expression.
“If it wasn’t for Mr. Adams, the President of the Board of Education, whom it was said Sara interceded with his diagnosis last year, attending school wouldn’t even be an option,” Ms. Avery stated.
Great, Sara thought as she diverted her attention from the papers that were beginning to quiver on Mr. Malley’s desk from her increasing anger. So much for saving his life, and sparing him agony in the process, she grumbled to herself. No good deed goes unpunished, she concluded. 
“I think Sara needs another opportunity to prove herself, first,” Dad interjected. “What do you think, Sara, since you are part of this? Do you agree?”
Sara nodded yes, taking in a slow breath to counteract her surging energy.
“Sara’s main issue is her energy levels. This is somewhat controlled by her current medicine, which she has been taking since last spring since it regulates her moods,” Laura, who worked in a medical setting, stated. “I think we need to consider middle ground, first.”
“Such as?” Mr. Malley inquired.
“She feels different as it is and we shouldn’t be punishing her for her gifts. Do we punish other students for their gifts?” Laura questioned.
“Of course we don’t,” Mr. Malley stated emphatically.
“Isn’t it your goal to develop students’ gifts as stated in the handbook?”  Dad commented. 
“We all know Sara has a different type of gift,” Mr. Malley countered.
“Yes, but she has helped many others with this gift,” Laura reiterated.
“Perhaps, we can compromise,” Dr. Worth, the psychologist, interceded.
“And just what do you propose?” Mr. Malley asked, looking annoyed at her interruption.
“Well, we can put Sara into a regular classroom, but give her options when she feels overwhelmed for a place to de-stress,” she went on. “Everyone deserves a second chance.”
“What do you specifically suggest?” Ms. Avery inquired with authority.
“She could have the option to leave the classroom, as needed, to go to the Alternative classroom to finish her work,” Dr. Worth offered. “And I would be glad to provide counseling sessions. I believe she has great potential. I would really like to help her in any way I can.”
 “I suppose, we can try it,” Mr. Malley agreed, begrudgingly. “However, we will have to put this in a contract form for Sara, and you, as her parents, to sign.”
 “This sounds like a win-win situation. Thank you, Dr. Worth, let’s do it,” Dad stated, afraid Mr. Malley might change his mind. 
With that, Laura put her arm around Sara’s shoulder and gave her a reassuring squeeze since she knew Sara was feeling dejected. “Everything’s going to be all right. We’ll let your dad work out the details,” she comforted her. 
Here, Sara was a freshman, but she felt like a child, the way everyone was talking around her. She had high hopes for a normal year, but inwardly knew that she was facing a continuing challenge curtailing her energy surges. Dr. Worth escorted them out of the office with a smile and a wink for which Sara was grateful. She set up an appointment to see her later in the week, when they would review her class schedule.  
Laura and Sara sat in the outer office for a short time before Mr. Malley presented her the contract to sign. Sara read it over quickly. As he passed his pen to her, his finger unintentionally touched hers and Sara had an overwhelming feeling.
As she handed him back the contract and his pen, Sara couldn’t help warning him as they were leaving his office, “You might want to check the brakes on your son’s car soon.” With that, Mr. Malley just glared at her as Dad looked on with exasperation, while Laura quietly sighed.

Chapter Three

The Friday before school began, Sara rode her bicycle to her appointment with Dr. Worth. Luckily, Dr. Worth was there to meet Sara and there was no sign of Mr. Malley. Hopefully, he was fixing his son’s car, she reflected. Sara knew Mike Malley from church and unlike his dad, he seemed to be a nice guy. She didn’t want anything to happen to him, especially in his first year of driving.
Dr. Worth warmly greeted Sara and she was escorted into her office. She seemed to be extremely interested in Sara’s situation, but she did confess needing material for a study in psychic abilities for a paper she was writing. Sara was hoping Dr. Worth was helping her because she cared for her as a person, not as a research subject for her paper. But now, she couldn’t be fussy. Sara would take any help offered, no matter the reason.
They reviewed her schedule. Sara was to take English 1, Biological Sciences, Algebra, Spanish I, Art, PE and Government. She didn’t know most of the teachers assigned, although she noted she had Mr. Hastings for history. Sara asked for an alternate teacher since she knew he didn’t like her, probably because of the water bottle incident last year. However, Dr. Worth explained that he was teaching all the freshman social studies courses, so Sara was stuck with him. Hopefully, she could just hide in the back corner in his class. Dr. Worth then walked her down to the basement to introduce her to the Alternative Ed teachers, Mr. Edwards and his assistant, Ms. Johannes. They were expecting her and were very friendly and welcoming. They knew Sara was to only be there on certain occasions. Sara reluctantly concluded, maybe it would be a good option to be able to get away from it all at times. 
After returning to the office, Dr. Worth wanted to take some history on Sara’s background, so she obliged.
“So, Sara,” she began. “When did you notice you had your gift?”
“Always,” Sara replied. “I can’t remember not having it.”
“Can you give me some examples?” she asked.
“Well, I just knew when some things would occur,” Sara reported. “I would get this feeling that wouldn’t go away. It can be very disconcerting, especially if I have to concentrate on something else. It’s as though I just have to act on it. It almost becomes an obsession.”
“You mean an anxiety or panic attack?” she inquired.
“At times, but it would mostly just gets me into trouble,” Sara sighed.
“In what way?” she went on.
“Depends, like last year, if I felt I knew something, I would just have to warn someone. When my anxieties would all build up, like when I become agitated, then things would happen,” Sara explained. “But, ironically, my visions of something happening mostly involved other people and not so much myself. I don’t know why or how this happens. It just works that way.”
“Is there anyone to help you with this?” Dr. Worth inquired.
“Dad brought me back to Pennsylvania to have my grandmother help me and I’ve seen numerous psychologists, but they didn’t understand.  Laura, my stepmom, has been there to comfort me and has been very supportive. We have a lot in common,” Sara added.
“Such as?” Dr. Worth inquired, continuing to take down notes.
“She just gets me, and she always knows the right thing to say to make me feel better,” Sara explained.
“I’m glad there is someone there for you, but has there been anyone who can help you contain or redirect these so-called energies?” she asked, thoughtfully.
“My grandmother’s gifts were different. She was more of a medium with psychic tendencies. I’m psychic, at times all right, but have this telekinesis problem,” Sara went on.
“Can you explain that more fully?” Dr. Worth encouraged.
“Well,” Sara sighed again. “I have these energy surges when I’m agitated, or if I overly concentrating on something, it causes things to happen.”
“Such as?”  She continued to write.
“My computer crashes and even cash registers at stores malfunction and electronics go haywire. I can move certain things at times. I don’t mean for these things to happen. It’s not intentional, but I don’t know how to compensate or redirect these energies. It’s a real problem, at times.” Sara groaned. “I’m always getting into trouble with it as you probably already know.”
“Is there anything, at all, that helps to dissipate these energy surges?” Dr. Worth continued.
“Yes, running. I can run off these surges at times,” Sara suggested.
“That’s a start. I think we can work out a plan with your regular teachers to offer you a pass when you become overwhelmed to go to the Alternative Ed classroom. Then, perhaps from there if need be, you will be able to do laps or work out in the gym,” Dr. Worth suggested. “I’ll work on it. Maybe you might consider running laps before school to tire you out a bit. I know Coach Young is seeking girls for her cross-country team. What about that?”
“I’ll think about it,” Sara promised. 
“Good,” Dr. Worth concluded. “We’ll visit again next week. I’m always here if you need me, and I’ll mention our plan to your teachers. I think it will work out just fine. ”
“I certainly hope so,” Sara smiled.

On the ride back home, Sara stopped in the drug store for some snacks. While waiting in the check-out line, Mr. Malley and his son, Mike walked by. Sara noticed a cast on Mike’s arm.
“What happened to you?” Sara asked him.
“Darn brakes went out in the car last night and I hit a tree,” Mike murmured while his dad frowned. “Just got out of the hospital and have to pick up a couple prescriptions.”
“I’m so sorry,” Sara said as she noted his dad’s glare. “I hope you feel better soon.”
“Not in time for football season, unfortunately,” he grumbled as they headed back to the pharmacy.
Sara couldn’t help but feel mortified since Mr. Malley looked so angry. She didn’t know if it was because of Mike’s driving or his negligence of not heeding her advice. 
Just then, the clerk started to stammer, “I don’t know what happened to my cash register. It just suddenly crashed. I’m sorry. I need to call the manager over. This has never happened to me before. You could check out your items at the cosmetic counter if you wish.”
Sara sighed at this all too familiar scenario and said, “Yes, I guess I will. Thank you.”
Then she came to realize, some things just never change.

Chapter Four

Labor Day weekend was a busy time preparing for a barbeque to celebrate Laura and Dad’s wedding. Since only the immediate family had actually witnessed the big event, Laura had invited all of the relatives to an informal reception get-together. Mia came over to assist while Dad and Ryan cleaned the grill and tidied up the yard. The fragrant autumn flowers were in full bloom, making the deck a perfect spot for a lazy, late summer barbeque.
Mia was as excited as Sara was to begin high school, especially when they discovered that they shared Government and English. At least, Sara would have company in Mr. Hasting’s class. Ryan, on the other hand, was in the advanced classes, so Sara and Mia had totally different schedules from him.
“So, how did the meeting go?” Mia was almost too afraid to ask.
Sara explained to Mia the option for her to use the alternative classroom as a time-out if she felt she was becoming overwhelmed in her regular classes. Mia remarked that Sara would have plenty of opportunity to use her gift there.
“In what way?”  Sara inquired while tossing the salad.
“The kids in Alt-Ed have lots of problems. I know quite a few of them since Pastor is involved with a lot of their families,” Mia replied. “At least, you won’t be bored.”
“Right now, I have enough of my own problems to deal with.  I don’t need anymore,” Sara replied as Ryan came in the kitchen door.
“Hey, I heard you did a number on Mr. Malley,” he mentioned.
“Like how?” Sara asked.
“Mike’s dad was so mad about his accident,” he responded.
“Well, it was, in part, his fault with the brakes failing and all. It’s not like I didn’t warn him,” Sara stated, somewhat miffed.
“Yeah, Mr. Malley blamed Mike for driving too fast in bad weather. He never mentioned the brakes,” Ryan reported, grabbing a cookie.
“You warned him, and he let his son drive the car with bad brakes. Unreal.” Mia remarked. “I saw the wreckage at the towing lot, and it looked totaled and the car wasn’t even that old.” 
“Mike claims he unexpectedly hit water and lost the brakes while slowing down around a curve,” Ryan went on.
“It will be tough to prove now with the car a wreck. I’m just glad he wasn’t that hurt,” Sara commented.
“His dad is so pissed that he’s missing football this season. Mike was depending on a scholarship,” Ryan said, grabbing another cookie.
“Would you leave those cookies alone, so we have some for later,” Sara scolded.
“Okay,” Ryan agreed. “But, I’m just warning you to stay away from Mr. Malley. He’s not in a good mood.”
“It’s not my fault. I tried to warn him,” Sara repeated. “He just wouldn’t listen.”
“Yeah, but as the saying goes no good deed goes unpunished,” Ryan interjected. “Just warning you to watch out.”
“I know. Just shoot the messenger. I’m used to that,” Sara groaned as she finished the macaroni salad.
“Look at it this way. You’ve been shot so many times that you could be a ‘holy’ person by now,” Ryan laughed.
“Very funny. We need to bring this stuff outside since everyone’s starting to arrive. Help us out, will ya, instead of causing trouble,” Sara requested.
“That’s my middle name,” Ryan teased.  “Oh, there’s Aunt Lil. She really wants to meet you.”
“Why’s that?” Sara asked, suspiciously.
“You’ll see,” he smirked.
It was crowded with all the guests who accepted their invitation. Sara already knew Laura’s parents, who accompanied them to Tennessee for the surprise wedding. Sara had very few relatives on their side. Dad’s brother was in the military and stationed out of San Diego. Dad and Sara would see him and his wife occasionally when they were in California, but they didn’t have any kids. Sara’s mom was an only child, so she didn’t have any cousins from either side.
Laura, on the other hand, came from a rather large family who lived all over. Besides her parents, her brother had come from Michigan with his wife and two girls near the age of Megan. Her older sister visited from Maine with her husband, stopping in on their way to Virginia. Then, there was Aunt Lil and her husband, Joe, from upstate New York. She was her father’s sister, even though they were completely different in demeanor. 
It didn’t take long for everyone to know Aunt Lil was there with her rather large physique and booming voice. She was in the process of scolding Laura for not inviting her to her wedding.
“You could have let us know you had a boyfriend,” she started in with her loud voice. “Of course, it was rather soon after the funeral, so maybe you didn’t want to advertise it.”
“No, Aunt Lil, it all happened rather unexpectedly and as you know, we eloped,” Laura refuted politely.
“Yes, so I heard. You even took the kids on your honeymoon. That must have been fun,” Aunt Lil hooted with laughter.
“Only part of it, until we were married, and then David and I headed to North Carolina and stayed at the Biltmore,” Laura went on.
“I want to meet your new stepdaughter, the psychic,” she announced.
 So much for hiding in the kitchen; Sara was exposed now to everybody.
“This is Sara,” Laura introduced her.
“Don’t you feed that poor kid anything?  Kind of skinny, isn’t she,” Aunt Lil remarked, looking Sara over.
“She’s just growing,” Laura tried to explain.
“So, come over here and tell me my fortune,” she insisted.
“It doesn’t work that way,” Sara said, looking for an escape route.
“How does it work, then?” Aunt Lil asked. “How much do you charge?”
“I don’t charge anything and it doesn’t work on demand, anyhow,” Sara explained, gritting her teeth.
“Too bad as she could be worth a fortune to you, Laura,” Aunt Lil commented. “Always wanted to have a psychic in the family, especially with the stock market the way it is.”
Finally Laura interceded, totally embarrassed, “Aunt Lil, the food is ready. Why don’t you go get yourself a plate?”
Everyone, including the neighbors, could hear Aunt Lil’s opinions on the food choices as she piled her plate high. Sara noted nobody sat next to her, but she was so self-absorbed with filling her face that she didn’t notice.
“See you met Aunt Lil,” Ryan teased. 
“She’s really something,” Sara remarked.
“She’s rich. She really has a knack with stock trading. All she thinks about is money,” Ryan remarked. “Want to teach her a lesson?”
“Ryan,” Sara growled. “Are you trying to get me in trouble?”
“We can think of something discreet like giving her back some of her own medicine,” Ryan suggested.
“It’s tempting, but I need to think about it for a while,” Sara mentioned. 
“How does her husband stand it?” Mia asked, barely being heard over Aunt Lil’s loud, opinionated voice about the latest politics.
“He’s a trucker and hard of hearing,” Ryan interjected.
“Must be, or else he has the patience of a saint,” Mia remarked, as they escaped into the house.
Unfortunately, they couldn’t hide forever, so they tried to keep their distance until the reception cake was being offered. Sara had no choice, but to help pass it out. Mia had the unfortunate job of serving the cake to Aunt Lil.
“Pretty small piece, isn’t it? I hope we have enough. You know, I paid for the cake as a gift. I told them I wanted to have both chocolate and vanilla,” Aunt Lil went on, captivating poor Mia. “Run and get me some lemonade, will you?”
When Mia returned with the lemonade, Aunt Lil insisted, “I want to taste the vanilla side of the cake to see if it’s any better.” 
So poor Mia went back and forth at Aunt Lil’s insistence for this and that until Sara overheard, “You do a pretty good job for an orphan girl. Maybe you’ll amount to something when you get older.”
After that comment, Sara could feel her anger mounting. As Sara stared at Aunt Lil with contempt, her full glass of lemonade suddenly sprung from her hand, splashing all over her face.
Everyone stopped and stared as Aunt Lil yelled out, “Oh-h-h, oh-h-h. I’m all sticky.  Don’t just stand there, get me some paper towels, NOW.”
Laura glanced over at Sara as Ryan ducked into the house in an attempt to hide his uncontrollable laughter. 
It was none too soon before their guests began to depart. Sara was relieved since there was a lot to do to get ready for school. As Aunt Lil grabbed her stuff in the house, she looked at Sara suspiciously as Laura escorted her to the door.
“I’m warning you Laura, you’ve gotten way in over your head. It’s bad enough to raise teenagers, without a psychic one. You’re asking for a lot of trouble,” Aunt Lil stated, glaring at Sara. “You better keep your eye on that one. I can tell, she’s gonna be a whole lot of trouble. Don’t say that I didn’t warn you.”	
“Good-by Aunt Lil, have a safe trip home and thank you for the wedding cake. It was really delicious,” Laura smiled sweetly.
“And no thanks for the lemonade,” Aunt Lil grumbled, “Now, I’ll have to be sticky all the way home!”
As Laura closed the door behind Aunt Lil, she looked at Sara and asked, “How much did you have to do with that little prank?”
“Who me?” Sara asked innocently. “Why does everyone have to blame me for everything that goes wrong?”
“You don’t fool me, Sara. Now let’s go clean-up the kitchen before your dad gets wind of all this,” Laura said, trying to conceal a smile.
Sara then knew that she would have to take up some serious running if she was going to survive the upcoming school year.

Chapter Five

There was an aura of excitement in anticipation of the first day of high school.  Everyone was hurrying about in last minute preparations. Sara met up with Mia at school since they both had Government with Mr. Hasting for first period, and Sara didn’t want to face him alone. They slid into seats in the back row, towards the corner, in hopes that they would be invisible. The other kids were chattering about their summer experiences, busy texting, or listening to their iPods until Mr. Hastings arrived and the bell rang.
Sara wondered how someone that small could be so formidable at times, but it didn’t take long to find out. Mr. Hastings quickly rearranged the classroom, so that Sara sat in the front middle while Mia remained in the back. It was also announced that all cell phones, after today, would have to remain in the lockers. That didn’t affect Sara too much since she didn’t really text anyone, and Mia didn’t even own one. It was one of those extra expenses that were above her budget for now.
Sara could just feel Mr. Hasting’s negative energy directed towards her. He didn’t want her here just as much as she didn’t want to be there. Mr. Hastings passed out the syllabus for the year with the class expectations. She hoped her mind didn’t wander since that would end up causing trouble for her. Sara just felt Mr. Hastings was out to find an excuse to get rid of her. She knew she had better start running some laps before school to drain her extra energy, so she would be too tired for her mind to wander.
Mia saved a place for her at lunch. Algebra class was the farthest from the lunchroom, so Sara figured she would be consistently last in line.
“So, how’s it going?” Mia asked, opening her lunch bag. 
“Except for Government, okay so far,” Sara reported. “I hate sitting in front of the class. I know Mr. Hastings did that on purpose.”
“Yeah, I figured he did, but I got Erin and Tara to contend with back where I am,” Mia mentioned. “All they do is whisper and pass notes.”
“Mr. Hasting won’t say a word with Erin’s dad being President of the School Board.” Sara surmised. “How did the rest of your classes go?”
“Not too bad,” Mia said. “I’ll probably have to get some help with Spanish, I expect. It’s more complicated than English, which isn’t my strength as you know.”
“I can help you with that. Living in southern California, I had to learn Spanish in order to survive,” Sara claimed. “I figure I’d have a head start in that area.”
“How did Algebra go with you?” Mia asked, finishing off her chocolate milk.
“Mrs. Simmons seemed to be really nice, so I’m hoping I can concentrate on the subject, instead of all the negative energies like in Mr. Roth’s class last year.”
“Oh, there’s the bell, already,” Mia reported. “Let’s head off to English since at least we share that class.”
“After that I have PE, then study hall 8th period, then home, thank goodness,” Sara said. “One day down with 179 to go!”
On the way, they passed Mike Malley, who was hanging around with a couple of guys from the football team. He looked up and Sara shyly waved hi. He just smiled a bit as one of the guys poked him and remarked, “Be careful, she might put another hex on you.”
This comment set her off. It didn’t take much for all of her emotions to flood back, feeling like a freak again. Sara knew she was just too sensitive. Would she ever live a normal life, she wondered.
Coach Young was Sara’s PE teacher and since running was her therapy, she didn’t mind when the class was made to run around the track. Sara felt pretty much out of shape, but came in 3rd in the class which she figured wasn’t too bad. The fall sport in PE was soccer, so this was the warm-up practice. Sara noted Coach was eyeing her, when she caught up to Sara after class.
“Neuman, step back here for a minute,” she hollered over to Sara as the rest of the class headed for the showers. “Understand you may be a candidate for cross-country this year.”
“It’s been mentioned to me, but I haven’t given it much thought,” Sara responded.
“You’ve got a natural talent, and I’m looking for new recruits for my JV team,” she went on. “With your ability, you’ll probably be on varsity by next year. How about it?”
“I’ll have to think on it. I’m supposed to look after my little sister after school. I’ll let you know,” Sara said, not wanting to make any promises.
“Do that,” she stated.

Dinner was interesting since there was always so much to share. 
“So, how was your day, Sara?” Dad began a little anxiously.
“Typical. Mr. Hasting put me smack in the front row in front of him. That’s too close for comfort,” Sara complained. “It’s like setting me up for failure.”
“I hear you’re going out for cross-country,” Ryan interjected. 
“Why do you say that?” Sara asked, somewhat astonished.
“Word gets around,” he went on.
“Like how?” Sara inquired with a huff.
“Well, are you?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I told Coach Young I’m supposed to watch Megan after school,” Sara commented.
“I think an extracurricular activity would be good for you. We’ll work out a babysitter for Megan, if needed,” Dad remarked.
“I don’t need a babysitter,” Megan pouted.
“Yeah, you do,” Ryan insisted. “But I have to work and want to join computer and chess club too.”
“Let’s get a calendar and figure out our schedules, so we can work this out,” Laura suggested, grabbing a pen and paper.
Within minutes, Sara’s future was planned. She was running cross-country. Oh well, she consoled herself, at least it will be running around in circles with a purpose now.
 So it came to be, every morning Sara would run a couple of laps around the track to dissipate her extra energy, before facing Mr. Hastings first period. She did have to use some heavy-duty deodorant afterwards, but what the heck, he couldn’t kick her out for being stinky, she figured. The problem was that Sara tended to doze off as he droned on, especially if she stayed up late studying. Now, was it my fault, Sara rationalized, that he startled me when he pounded a book on my desk to wake me up? I couldn’t help it when the surge of energy that resulted, rebounded the book upward, knocking off his glasses.
“Wow, that’s way too cool,” Sara heard a kid say from the back of the room as the rest of the class attempted to conceal their laughter.
“You never learn, do you?” Mr. Hastings yelled at Sara, shaking his index finger in her face.
 “I’m sorry,” Sara apologized, “It’s just that you startled me.”
“Don’t bring your problems to school. I don’t want to hear about them,” he retorted.
“I didn’t mean to do that, it’s just…..”
“This takes too much of my time. That’s it, Miss Neuman, you’re out of here,” he announced in front of the class as he tossed a pass at her which had Alternative Ed written on it. Sara grabbed her books as she felt her face turn a crimson red and headed for the door.
“And I don’t want to see you back without a note from Mr. Malley. Understand?” He hollered after her as she hurried out of the door. “That is if you are even allowed back after this.”
Sara was so mad. Breathe, breathe, she would tell herself. Instead of going downstairs, she stopped in at Dr. Worth’s office to see if she was available.
“Sara, how is it going?” she asked, but after taking one look at Sara’s face, she invited her to sit down. “What happened?”
It didn’t take long for Sara to relate the incident to her before she stated, “I don’t know why he hates me so. I was trying so hard.”
“Oh, Sara. You mustn’t take it personally,” Dr. Worth consoled her.
“How am I supposed to take it, then?” 
“Let me work it out for you. I have a meeting in a few minutes. I suggest you go downstairs for now to decompress. What do you have next class?” Dr. Worth asked.
“Science, then art.” Sara stated.
“I’ll get an excuse from Mr. Gile in science. I’m sure he’ll understand. If you feel better, you can then go ahead to art. Okay?” 
“Fine,” Sara agreed.

As Sara walked into the Alternative-Ed classroom, everyone stopped and stared at her.  It took a moment before Mr. Edwards noticed her, before escorting her to a desk off to the side of the room.
“Do you have something to work on?” he whispered.  
Sara nodded and opened a book. When she looked up, it was deathly still in the classroom and a few eyes remained focused on her. She counted ten students, but she overheard some were off on work outplacement. Eventually, everyone went back to interacting amongst themselves, when an African American girl with an abundance of braids, next to Sara spoke up.
“Hey girl. Did you get in trouble or somethin’?” she asked.
“Oh, yeah,” Sara admitted.
 “Whatcha do?” 
“Just rebounded a book back at a teacher, you might say.” Sara divulged, but added, “Not intentionally.”
“You kiddin’ me or something?” she went on.
 Sara shook her head no.
“You that psycho girl?”
‘The word is psychic,” Sara corrected her.
“Sorry. I’m Vanessa, by the way. That there is Kat,” she mentioned, pointing to a dark haired Latino girl in front of her. “Hey girl, how ‘bout turnin’ round and being sociable.”		
“Hi,” Kat greeted Sara shyly, “You the one who does the magic tricks?”
“Sorta,” Sara admitted. “Don’t you get in trouble for talking around here?”
“No way,” Vanessa answered. “As long as we‘re behaving, they leave us alone, pretty much.”
 “Cool,” Sara said.
 “Just to let you know, the guy with the dreads is Ace, the pregnant girl up front is Monica; that there is Spike, then JC, Tina, Duke, Buck and Amy.” Vanessa pointed out each one.
“Thanks,” Sara said, putting her head into a book as Ms. Johannes headed their way.
 “Everything all right?” she asked. “Need some help?’
 “I’m good,” Vanessa answered and then got back to work.
 After everything settled down, Sara had time to study the other students a bit. She noticed Monica up front was asking for a bathroom break. She looked about six months pregnant. Ace had an attitude, and he and Spike were tight. Amy was really quiet. Sara would figure her out later. Duke and Buck seemed totally out of it. Tina looked really bored. Kat, short for Katrina, was here more because of a language barrier, than for any behavioral issues. 
Sara really liked the laid back attitude and flexibility allowed. It was quite different from the rigidity displayed in Mr. Hastings classroom. Maybe she wouldn’t mind starting the day off down here. It would definitely be better than trying to keep her lid on, under so much pressure upstairs. It was worth thinking about.
Sara met up with Mia at lunch and Ryan joined them.
“Heard you got kicked out of Mr. Hastings class,” Ryan commented.
“It wasn’t her fault,” Mia defended her. “Mr. Hastings over-reacted, as usual.”
“By getting his glasses knocked off by a flying book?” Ryan questioned.
“Did they break?” Sara asked Mia quickly.
“No, but he was really mad after you left,” Mia added.
“No kidding, I heard him talking in the staff room to Ms. Avery while I was filling up the soda machines. Figured he didn’t remember we were related now,” Ryan went on.
“What did he say?” Sara asked.
“You don’t want to know,” Ryan answered.
“Yeah, I do, before Dad and Laura find out at least,” Sara commented.
“Something about little Miss Hocus-Pocus in his class was up to her tricks again and when he threw you out, your face was the color of your hair. He was intent on not wanting you back,” Ryan explained.
“That’s so cold. The whole class witnessed the episode and the support lies with you,” Mia said to Sara. “As Pastor says; if you point a finger at someone, there are always three pointing back at yourself.”
“I’ve never heard that one, but I guess it’s true,” Sara agreed. “But, then again, I never heard of little man syndrome before coming here either. Anyway, I’ve decided that I’m going to spend first period with the alt-ed kids. I think I might be able to do some good down there.”
“Good luck with that,” Ryan added in.
“Why? They’re kids just like us trying to overcome their problems, except life’s been even harder on them,” Sara responded.
“You mean you’re going to leave me alone with Tara and Erin?” Mia panicked.
“Sorry about that, but it’s all around bad news. I wanted to tell Mr. Hastings, somehow, that his wife needed bed rest since she’s going to go into labor early with her baby,” Sara conveyed. “But, there’s no way I can do that. He wouldn’t believe me anyway.”
As the bell rang, Sara felt relieved with her decision. She didn’t like running laps in the morning before school and starting the day out all sweaty. It was better to begin in a relaxed way, and then she wouldn’t be too tired to join cross-country after school.

Chapter Six

First thing in the morning, Sara visited Dr. Worth and conveyed her intentions with alt-ed class. For now, Dr. Worth thought that would be a good solution until everything calmed down. In the meantime, she asked Sara to do her a favor. Sara figured she owed her one and Sara was glad to oblige. Dr. Worth mentioned Amy, who was in Sara’s new classroom, needing a friend. She was unable to get through to her. Although she couldn’t divulge the specifics about the circumstances due to confidentiality, she was hoping that Sara could reach out to her. Sara would try, but she knew it would be difficult without Granny being here to help her.
Cross-country was very cathartic to Sara’s well-being. Running just didn’t release her pent-up energies and anxieties; it was something she was good at. Sara was consistently in the top five runners and she wasn’t even fully conditioned. So, there was a lot of room for improvement. Perhaps Coach Young was right: she did have potential.
Sara wished she could say that Dad and Laura were happy with her decision on alt-ed since they weren’t consulted. But after last year’s episode of depression, they didn’t want a relapse, so they didn’t press her. Of course, the school reported the incident to them, but with a classroom of witnesses who backed up the fact that it wasn’t intentional, the solution was accepted. Sara did talk to Laura about her concern with Mr. Hastings’ wife since she just needed a release of pent-up knowing. Laura said she knew Mrs. Hastings from working in a doctor’s office last year.
“She’s really a lovely person,” Laura confessed. “I know this is her third pregnancy and she is working full time, but there is no good way to approach her on this.”
“Frustrating, isn’t it and I don’t want to get into any more trouble,” Sara empathized.
“Let me think about it for now,” she concluded.
“Thanks, that’s one less problem I have to deal with,” Sara affirmed as she headed up to bed followed by Mystic. Cross-country was taking a lot out of her.
The next day at school, Sara noticed a group including Monica, who was loitering across the street smoking. That’s just great she thought sardonically, knowing that her baby girl was going to be of low birth weight as it is. Sara intentionally sat down next to Amy since it was open seating and many students had an irregular schedule due to work release.
“Hi,” Sara said quietly. “Mind if I sit here?”
Amy just shrugged her shoulders and kept reading her book. Mr. Edwards walked over to give Sara her Government assignment since everyone used the same syllabus.
“How’s everything going?” he asked Amy. She again shrugged and replied about the same.
“If there’s anything we can do to help you out, just ask, okay?” Mr. Edwards continued, empathetically. Suddenly, Sara realized what the conversation was all about.
“I’m so sorry, Amy,” Sara mentioned sympathetically as she looked up at her.
“You know, don’t you? You’re that psychic kid, aren’t you?”  She asked with a questioning look.
“I know some things, but often not the specifics. Want to share them with me?’ Sara attempted to persuade her.
“It’s just my mom’s dying. Her cancer has spread,” she stated.
“Did you just find out?” Sara asked to keep the conversation going.
“No, we knew it wasn’t going well, but now there’s nothing that can be done,” she explained, despondently.
“Do you have anyone to help you?” Sara continued.
“Just my grandmother, and she’s 70 years old with problems of her own. My dad took off ten years ago, remarried and has a new family now, so he’s worthless. Always was. Besides this, I don’t know what to expect.” Amy went on as the bell rang and the rest of the class filed in, filling the classroom with the stench of cigarette smoke.
“Let’s get together tomorrow before school to talk,” Sara suggested.
Amy shrugged again, “If I’m here.”
At lunch, Sara asked Mia if she knew Amy.
“She’s missed so much school that she opted for alt-ed for the flexibility,” Mia explained. “Her mom’s been in a bad way for the longest time and she’s an only child, except for her dad’s new family.”
“Does he live close by?” Sara asked.
“He moved to Virginia and she doesn’t want to live with him. She doesn’t get along with her new stepmother. She prefers to stay here with her grandmother if that’s possible,” Mia went on and then changed the subject. “Oh, guess what?”
“Okay, what?”
Mr. Hastings put Tara in your old seat, front and center. Guess she was talking to Erin once too many times,” Mia shared, smiling.
“He might be playing with fire doing that,” Sara alleged.
“He’s on a roll, it seems,” Mia explained, “I’m glad as Tara has been really stuck-up.”	   
“Her family is no favorite of mine, the way her mom fired Laura last year from her job and was so hateful about it,” Sara stated.
“Well, as they say the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree,” Mia surmised.
“Guess not!” Sara agreed.

Sara arrived at school early the next day, but there was no Amy. When she asked Ms. Johannes about her, she mentioned that she was partially home schooled and brings in her assignments twice a week.
“I’ll be glad to take anything over to her,” Sara volunteered.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” she replied.
“Where’s Tina?” Sara whispered to Vanessa. “I saw her being dropped off at the door this morning.”
Vanessa gave a hoot and then shook her head, “Ain’t she the one? In the front door and out the back.  Nobody tells her what to do when she’s gone manic. Disappears for days sometimes. Oh, well.”
Duke and Spike seemed spaced out again. Kat was working diligently and Monica was dozing off. Suddenly, the door opened and an officer walked in.  Everybody sat up in their chairs alert, wanting to eavesdrop.
“Haven’t seen her this morning,” Mr. Edwards reported.
“She’s gone underground again,” Vanessa whispered to Sara.
“What’s that?” Sara questioned. 
“They’re safe houses where she can hide out from her parents.”
“Why would she want to do that?” Sara asked. 
“She doesn’t get along with her dad. He’s way too strict and overbearing, so she takes off for a while. Drives them crazy; lookin’ for her all the time,” Vanessa explained.
“They get the cops involved?” Sara asked.
“That’s the truant officer,” Vanessa mentioned. “But, word is there’s this special parking spot for the cops at her house, they’re there so often.” 
“She into stuff?” Sara asked. 
“Most probably with the crowd she hangs out with.”
Wow, this place is full of problems, Sara thought to herself.

Sara was doing quite well with her classes since the teachers seemed fair and she didn’t feel threatened. She especially liked art class. They were drawing portraits of someone special to them from a photograph. Sara didn’t need one; she was drawing one of her mother on how she envisioned her. Sara’s memory was foggy since she was very young when her mom passed, but no one would know the difference. Sara would just open herself up to the universe and let it flow through her.
In English, Sara and Mia were studying American Literature with Mrs. Wexler. Sara loved poetry and she was good with interpreting it. But for Mia, poetry was her arch nemesis. She just saw things as they are, instead of how they could be. She was very logical, similar to Ryan. That is why she and Ryan got along so well. Sara was proud of her efforts in Algebra. She was beginning to understand it better with Mrs. Simmon’s helpful and positive attitude. That made all the difference in the world to Sara.
During cross-country practice, Sara bumped into Mike. He was sidelined from football with his broken arm, but was serving in the position of designated manager for now.
“Hey,” she asked shyly. “How ya doing?”
“Fine, though I lost my driving privileges. I’m back to walking for now with no car.”
“Tough break.” 
“By the way, how did you know about the brakes and all?” he asked.
Sara just shrugged.
“It was determined my front brakes were bad which made me hydroplane. At least, I didn’t get a ticket for speeding or driving too fast for the conditions,” he explained and then laughed. “Actually, my dad got a ticket for not maintaining the car properly with it being in his name.”
“Well, you lucked out there, at least,” Sara stated.
“Yeah, it could have been a lot worse, I guess,” he agreed.
If only he knew how much worse, Sara thought.

Chapter Seven

When Sara returned home, she could feel the underlying excitement between Laura and Dad as they sat down for dinner. Everyone was sharing the happenings of their days. Ryan was bragging about his most recent A. Megan whined about something mean a friend said to her at school, and Sara just acknowledged that everything was going okay. Dad seemed relieved about that. Finally, Dad mentioned that Laura had an announcement to make. It didn’t take a psychic to figure that one out, Sara realized.
“I’m going to have a baby,” Laura announced, absolutely glowing with anticipation.
“Is it going to be a girl or boy?” Megan asked.
“It’s too early to tell, yet. I have to have a sonogram,” she explained.
“Save your money,” Sara interrupted. “It’s going to be a boy.”
“You spoil all the surprises, don’t you?” Dad said to her.
“Oh, just thought you’d like to know,” Sara said as she shrugged her shoulders. “Well, anyway, congratulations.”
“When’s the big date?” Ryan asked.
“The first week of June,” Laura replied.
“So, we’re going to have to ask everyone for some extra help around here,” Dad interrupted.
“Well, I could quit cross-country, I suppose,” Sara offered.
“No way,” Dad stated. “We will all have to pitch in to help.”
“By the way, I do have a cross-country meet this Friday. It’s with your school district, Montgomery County,” Sara reported. 
“Great,” Dad seemed pleased. “I’ll be there.”
	
Friday was a beautiful fall day and Sara felt the spirit of the competition in the bus on the way over to the meet. The varsity and JV girls were on one bus while the boys were on another.  It was only a 25-minute ride to the course golf where the 2 ½ mile meet was being held. Dad appeared and greeted Sara as they were warming up. The JV girls were to run first, followed by JV boys, and then the varsity. Since this was Sara’s first meet, she felt very excited and paced about waiting for her race to start. There were definite favorites, but Sara didn’t pay much attention; she just wanted to do her best. 
The JV girls were called to the starting line and prepared to begin. Dad kept to the background since they were competing against his school district, but he gave Sara a thumbs-up just before it began. The starting gun went off with a bang. Sara controlled her obvious excitement and kept her stride. Since this wasn’t a sprint, she had to save her energy for the long run. She just followed several of the girls keeping close behind. It was the last mile that would test the runner’s endurance and performance. Sara kept up, sticking to the rear of the leading pack of girls. Then, suddenly, she began to surge to the front of the pack; there was only ½ mile down to the finish line when Sara made her move. She passed her own team, amidst the cheering from the sidelines and was running head to head with the front-runner from Montgomery County. It was nip and tuck as the girls took turns inching in front of each other. With only 100 yards left and Sara a close second, they both began to sprint. Then suddenly, the leader from Montgomery County stumbled and Sara flew across the finish line as the winner. With her hands held high towards the sky, she slowed her pace gradually. Sara felt exhilarated as her team members all moved forward to congratulate her. This was unbelievable. Even though Sara won the individual JV honors, their team took the first, third, and fifth places, which definitely put them in first place overall. Sara just collapsed on the sidelines, catching her breath, when she noted a buzz amongst the coaches before the varsity girls ran.
“What’s going on?” Sara managed to hyperventilate to Corey, the team‘s manager.
“I don’t know, but I’ll wander over to check,” she mentioned as she handed Sara a drink.
It was getting pretty intense when she returned and said, “Can you believe that? The girl in second place said you tripped her.” 
“Huh,” Sara stated, stunned. “I wasn’t even that close to her at the end.”
“She said she felt this surge which knocked her over as she ran by,” Corey remarked. “But, we all know that’s ridiculous. She’s just being a poor sport.”
But never-the-less, their team and the coaches were all huddled together glancing over at her until Coach Young came over.
“What’s going on?” Sara asked.
“Nothing that hasn’t been resolved. You’re the winner. Great job. Congratulations.” She gave Sara a high five.
During the remaining runs, Sara couldn’t help but feel the stares and animosity from the other team. Two of the girls walked by chattering in rather loud voices that it was impossible to win when there was a witch on the other team. Sara knew whom that was directed at, but managed to act as if she didn’t even hear them. Worse yet, the meet was so close that her first place met a winning difference in the overall score for their team.
They were awarded their medals amidst cheers from their team and silence from the others. It was too bad that something had to happen which questioned the win. Sara wasn’t aware of any extra energy surges on her part. She was pretty well expended by the end of the run and focused only on the finish line. Sara felt the other girl stumble, but never imagined she had anything to do with it. She felt there was always some cloud blocking the sun for her. Would anything just be normal for me, she wondered.
Sara’s coach asked if she was riding back on the bus or going home with her dad. Sara chose to ride home with Dad, although it was a pretty quiet trip. Dad tried to make conversation, but to no avail, so he turned on the radio. Sara was too tired anyway, but she knew what he thought since this involved the school district he worked at also. He would be involved with the accusations as much as she would be since she was his daughter and they all knew it. At least, they had the weekend before he had to face it. Right now, Sara just looked forward to totally crashing.
Ryan greeted them at home, “So, how did you do?”
Sara held up her medal for him to see. 
“Looks pretty impressive. Way to go,” he congratulated her.
Sara didn’t say much, but just went up to her room and collapsed.
“So, why is she so glum about winning?” Ryan asked.
Dad just shook his head and went into the kitchen, “I’m sure you’ll hear all about it soon enough.”
Ryan sighed and asked, “What now? Is there ever a moment of peace in this house?”
“Guess not,” Dad responded with resignation.

Chapter Eight

At Sunday dinner, Sara shared with Dad and Laura her decision.
“I’ve decided to quit cross-country,” Sara announced to them.
“Why would you want to do that? You won, didn’t you?” Ryan asked with astonishment.
“That’s out of the question,” Dad stated. “You can’t be a quitter.”
“What’s going on?” Ryan interrupted.
“What? You haven’t heard through the grapevine yet that I was accused of tripping their runner so I could win first place?” Sara asked sarcastically.
“You DID that?” Ryan remarked.
“Of course she didn’t,” Laura interceded.
“So, what did happen? I need to be prepared for school tomorrow,” Ryan remarked.
“I have no idea, but she said some wind surge made her stumble,” Sara explained.
“What are you, a mini tornado or something? That’s ridiculous!” Ryan interjected.
“That’s enough. You’re not quitting, okay?” Dad stated.
“I could just say I’m needed at home, which is the truth,” Sara argued.
“To quit would be to admit you did something wrong, which you didn’t. So, it’s out of the question. Anyway, you only have a few more weeks to go. Hang in there with your head held high,” Laura added in.
“Yeah Dad, but everyone at your school knows I’m your daughter now.”   
“And I am very proud of you if anyone asks,” he stated.
“Oh, by the way,” Ryan announced, changing the subject, “I’m planning to go to homecoming this Friday with Mia just to let you know.”
“Sounds good,”  Dad agreed, “Let me know if you need a ride.”

Sara met Amy at the school door on Monday morning. She attended part of the day to hand in some work and pick up her assignments for this week.
“How are you?” Sara asked, breaking the ice.
“Okay, I guess. My mom has hospice there for her now, so we have more help,” she mentioned.
“Oh, by the way, I brought some chocolate chip cookies for you,” Sara said as she dug into her backpack. “It was my Granny’s famous recipe, known all over town.”
“Thanks, I appreciate it,” Amy said with as much enthusiasm as she could muster.
“If there’s anything I can do for you, just let me know,” Sara mentioned.
In class, Sara noticed that Tina was present. Vanessa must have followed Sara’s stare as she told her the cops found Tina during a drug and alcohol bust Saturday night, along with Spike and others.
“How come Spike’s not here?” Sara whispered.
“He’s in Juvie. He’s 17 and a repeat. She’s only a first time offense, so they’ll go easier on her,” she explained. “Her dad said that if she runs off again, he’s hiring a bodyguard for her.”
“That could be really embarrassing,” Sara remarked.
“Yeah, but she’ll probably need one before she’s 18,” Vanessa stated.
As apprehensive as Sara was about school, it really went all right. Mia was all a twitter as to what to wear for homecoming. It was raining so hard that cross-country practice was cancelled, and Sara managed to get a B on her math test. So, all went well for one day. Amazing, she thought.
Mia came over to Sara’s house after school so they could study for a Spanish test together. Unfortunately, she had a D average that she had to work on. Sara tried her best to help Mia, but it became tedious after a while. 
“I should start dinner for Laura since I’m home. She’s pretty tired lately with being pregnant. I don’t think she feels very well,” Sara said, cutting up the chicken for a stir-fry.
“How do you feel about the baby?” Mia asked.
“Okay, I guess. I think Dad always wanted a boy. Instead, he got me,” Sara mumbled.
“Why do you say that?” Mia wanted to know.
“Oh, I’ve caused him enough grief and embarrassment,” Sara noted.
“Yeah, but he was really into your real mom. That’s why it took him so long to remarry, wasn’t it?” Mia surmised.
“Guess so.”
“And you’re something he has to remember her by at least.” She went on
“I never looked at it that way. At least, this baby can’t inherit my gift, or more accurately, the curse,” Sara interjected. “Perhaps, someday, they’ll be some peace in their lives, like when I leave for college.”
“You’re so hard on yourself,” Mia observed.
“I guess we both are, but in different ways,” Sara responded.
Mia shrugged and then added, “Well, if it wasn’t for languages…”
“You know, I have an idea. There’s this girl in alt-ed named Katarina from Mexico, who is really having difficulty because of the language barrier. If I could get permission, would you like to work together a couple times a week in study hall, so she gets better in English and you in Spanish? It’s what science calls a symbiotic relationship or in other words a win-win situation. What do you think?” Sara asked.
“I guess we could try it. I wouldn’t want to get grounded because of my Spanish grade with mid-semester tests coming up,” Mia agreed.
The next day, Sara lucked out in a negative sort of way. They still had cross-country practice, even though it was wet from raining all night. As she was running down the hill, she slipped, twisting her ankle beneath her. It really hurt as she limped off the practice course. Dad had to take her to Urgent Care for x-rays. Sara was lucky that nothing was broken, but she had a really bad sprain which meant no weight on it for a few weeks. She hobbled out of there on crutches and a humongous shoe wrap. Although it was painful, Sara was relieved that it solved her problem for this year about any future cross-country meets.
“Now, you didn’t do this on purpose, did you?” Dad looked at her suspiciously.
“Right Dad, I like being in pain,” Sara countered.
“Well, guess it solves your problem for now, but I expect you to be involved in cross-country next year. You are really good at running,” he reminded her.
“Yeah, I’m really good at running away from things,” Sara lamented.
“Well, it’s time we meet them head on for a change,” he remarked.
“Even my back-up plan of transferring to your school district, if I’m expelled from this one, has been sabotaged.  There is no place for me to hide,” Sara concluded.
“There is no reason for you to hide,” Dad stated. “Remember that.”
	
Sara was really surprised at the sympathy she received at school. Coach and the whole team were really bummed out about her accident. They were depending on her to help the team win. Sara played along, not indicating how relieved she was that she had an acceptable out. But, it was really nice to be supported for a change. Sara had never thought that she would be accepted as worthwhile to a cause. 
Dad, Ryan, Mia, and Sara attended the homecoming football game, which they lost 14-28 against Montgomery High School. Sara was hoping that Montgomery’s win would overshadow their cross-country loss of last week. Dad didn’t say much, but she knew her cross-country win had to be an embarrassment to him, even though he wouldn’t admit it. 
Ryan and Mia invited Sara to tag along to the dance in hopes she would find someone there, but she respectfully declined. Her heart wasn’t into it, and they certainly didn’t need an escort. Dad’s saying of ‘twos company and threes a crowd’ holds true, she firmly believed. Instead, Sara stayed home to spend some time with Megan. They made cookies and watched a couple of Megan’s favorite movies together. Sara found this relaxing and fun to spend some quality time with her.  			
Sunday afternoon, while Dad and Ryan were raking up leaves, Sara asked if she could run some more cookies over to Amy’s house. Amy lived with her grandmother, in a small run down house, about a mile away. She was really surprised to see Sara and invited her in. Sara waved to Laura and then managed to hobble inside, having been determined not to use crutches anymore.
“I brought you some more cookies, but this time they’re peanut butter chocolate chip,” Sara explained. “I just wanted to drop by to see how you are doing since I missed you at school on Thursday.”
“My mom was having a bad day on Thursday, so I wanted to stay close to home,” Amy explained as a plump, older lady made an appearance.
“This is my grandmother,” she introduced. 
Her grandmother was quite the talker, unlike Amy, but she suggested they both go out for some fresh air for an hour since everything was momentarily under control with the hospice staff present.
There was a park across the street, so Sara managed to hobble to the closest picnic table. It was such a beautiful, warm fall day with the leaves at their peak of autumn color, that it was almost breathtaking. Families and kids were enjoying the playground while bicyclists were hurrying by.
Amy just sighed. “I really don’t know want to say,” she began with tears welling up. “My mom’s hanging on, but she is pretty much out of it with her pain meds. But, they say, it shouldn’t be long. I hate to see her this way, but I don’t want her to go.”
“A mom is really a special person,” Sara agreed.
“You lost your mom, didn’t you?” she asked.
“Yeah, when I was really young, but I’ve always felt like I was missing something, perhaps the time we never spent together,” Sara explained. “There’s been such a hole in my heart, but only lately has it been healing. Now, I know she’s with me, right here.” Sara put her hand on her heart.
“I don’t know what I’m going to do,” Amy sniffled.
“What do you want to do? That’s the question,” Sara asked, sympathetically.
“I don’t know,” she reiterated, shrugging her shoulders
“My granny always told me if you don’t know, then don’t do anything. The answer will come in time,” Sara explained.
“I guess I could go live with my father, but I would only be in the way,” Amy surmised. “But then, again, my Granny needs me too.”
“Can’t you do both, like stay here and visit your dad on holidays or vacations?  Then maybe with time, the right answer will come to you,” Sara suggested.
“Sometimes, I just want to run away from all of this,” Amy stated.
“I’m an expert at running away, but grief isn’t something you can run away from because it will just follow you wherever you go,” Sara explained.
“How do you deal with the grief?” Amy asked.
“Everyone deals with it differently,” Sara said. “But, it helps to have friends and family.”
“Well, you know about my family, and my best friend moved away recently. Most of the others, I guess, weren’t real friends since I never hear from them, anymore.” Amy went on. “It seems everyone is just too busy with their own lives.”
Sara nodded with agreement since she realized that true friends were hard to come by. Most were mere acquaintances who came and went, never looking back after saying good-bye.
“Tell you what,” Sara suggested. “Mia has been absolutely bugging me to go to her church’s youth group. Perhaps, when you are ready, we can go together. It’s something to think about, anyway. In the meantime, I’m here if you need me.”
“Thanks, I’ll think about it. Just getting out of the house has helped. It is a beautiful day. Maybe I’ll see if my mom’s alert enough to sit a while on the back deck in her hospital chair. I’ll have to ask her nurse,” Amy smiled a bit as a car stopped nearby.
“There’s Laura. She must be finished with her errands. I’ll see you at school. Here’s my cell number if you wish to talk, anytime. Take care,” Sara said as she gave Amy a hug.
“Thanks for dropping by and for the cookies. I’ll keep in touch,” Amy waved.
“How did it go?” Laura asked on the drive home.
“It’s a really sad situation.” Sara had to admit.
“You have that special gift of compassion. As Granny would tell you, she’s another one of your cases,” Laura mentioned.
 Sara nodded. Now, she knew the reason she was guided to the alt-ed class. Maybe Mr. Hastings was part of the overall plan, even if it was just to throw her out of his class, Sara realized. If he hadn’t, she wouldn’t have ever known Amy and be there to help her with her problems.
“Oh, I forgot to mention that I bumped into Mrs. Hastings at the doctor’s office the other day. She was on her cell phone telling her mother that the doctor was ordering bed rest since her blood pressure was elevated, and she was asking for her help with her two other kids.  I just wanted you to know that we didn’t have to intervene. It was all resolved by itself,” Laura remarked.
“Good, since I have enough problems right now to handle, and that’s one less thing on my mind,” Sara said as she exhaled a sigh of relief.
Chapter Nine

Laura attended the funeral of Amy’s mother with Sara, the following Saturday morning.  Mr. Edwards and Ms. Johannes were the only ones she recognized from her school at the cemetery. Besides Amy’s grandmother, there were some hospice workers and older ladies from their church, but the only man present was Amy’s father, who attended alone. They didn’t stay for the luncheon since Laura was still not feeling well from her morning sickness, and she decided to go home to rest. Sara wanted to give Amy time alone with her dad to work things out and did not want to intrude.
On Tuesday, Amy returned to school full time. Sara attempted to be there for her and assist her with her catch-up work from all the days that she missed. Her goal was to complete this year in alt-ed class, but she was determined to return to her regular classes by next semester. Mia and Kat got together to study languages for the benefit of them both, twice a week. Sara was now watching Megan after school and helping with dinner since Laura was fatigued from working all day. Sara was looking forward to everything settling down after a difficult start of the school year.
A few weeks later, Mia held Sara to the promise of attending her youth group. Sara knew a few of the kids from school and the youth pastor was cute, with his curly dark hair and funny laugh. He was young and single and Sara thought every girl there had a crush on him. Ryan had to work, but Sara persuaded Amy to come along. She was adjusting now to her new schedule and was looking forward to getting out more if Sara was to go along, that is. Sara’s ankle was healing and she could wear gym shoes now, so she was game.
 It was right before Thanksgiving and preparations were being made for the Christmas pageant. Sara was surprised to see that there were quite a few juniors and seniors present, in addition to the freshman. But, Sara came to realize that to graduate; one had to earn so many community hours and church work counted. She didn’t have that problem since she planned to spend much of next summer volunteering at the nursing home where Laura worked.
Mike was there, but so was Erin, whose father was a Deacon of the church with her friend, Mindy. Sara noted right away the pairing off of several couples including Mike, who was chatting with Erin. Sara recognized Zach from last year’s bazaar, but another girl named Melissa had his attention. Mindy chatted with Eric and Ty. There were several she didn’t know, but surprisingly, everyone knew her. Sara figured her reputation preceded her.
Mia, Amy, and Sara sat together eating pizza which was served before each meeting as an enticement to attend. They began with the usual prayer and scripture readings, followed by a discussion. Then, they had a short business meeting about upcoming events. One was going skiing and the other was a trip to New York City, both scheduled for next year. 
The script was handed out for the Christmas play to be reviewed with the parts to be assigned after Thanksgiving. Last year, Mia was Mary and Zach was Joseph, so it was suggested they switch around the parts for this year. Mia and Zach looked relieved. 
After the concluding prayer, they were asked which fun activity they wanted to conclude the evening with. The unanimous choice was sardines. Sara had never heard of it, but it was like hide and seek in pairs, except when you found the hiders, you would join them. The last pair to find everyone was the losers and they had to clean up. Sounded like fun to Sara. 
Mia claimed Sara as a partner because she didn’t think it was right to team up with a guy since she was involved with Ryan. She knew Sara would probably tell Ryan, also if she did. Amy teamed up with a sophomore named Larry, who was really shy. Melissa and Tom headed out to find the hiding place and they gave them two minutes to follow. The church was huge with lots of classrooms, so Sara didn’t have a clue where to look. Thank goodness for Mia, who knew all of the nicks and crannies. So, off they headed in all directions. It didn’t take long for Sara and Mia to find the others jammed into the janitor’s closet, so they joined them. Then, another couple joined and then a third. It was getting pretty hot in there since they were squished, amidst giggles and weird body sounds. 
As they opened the door a little for a breath of fresh air, Sara could hear Amy hollering to Larry, “They’re in here.” 
Crowding in, amidst moans and groans in the dark, Mia said, “Okay, who’s missing?”
 “Mike and Erin.”
“I saw them heading for the door.”
“Guess they’re playing their own game of sardines.”
“Let’s get some fresh air. We know they’re the losers.”
“They probably went out for a smoke.”
“Better not have or I’m telling pastor.”
“No, you won’t, Mia.”
“It’s getting late, it’s time to go.”
So they all trudged back upstairs, looking for Erin and Mike.  Pastor Matt said the first one to find them got to take home the rest of the pizza. So, everyone was running every which way again.
Finally, Mia said to Sara, “I know where they are, follow me.”
They headed to the back of the fellowship hall where she opened a hidden prop door under the stage, and there they were making out.
Mia was so mad, and Sara was disappointed since she had a little crush on Mike herself.
“Don’t you dare tell anyone, Mia,” Erin threatened. “It will mean we’ll never be allowed to play sardines again.”
“You don’t have to worry, you’ve ruined the fun already for everyone and Pastor Matt knows.”
“Just tell them you found us outside.”
“You want us to lie for you?” Sara asked.
Mike gave Sara his big, brown puppy dog eyes, “I promise we will owe you big time, okay.”
Before they could answer, the rest of the kids were yelling, “Here they are. Where were you two?”
Erin smiled prettily and explained, “We were confused and we were looking outside as well. Mia found us. So, guess we lose and Mike and I have to clean up.” She gave Mia a warning glare.
Sara was totally disgusted as she grabbed her coat, found Amy and headed outside to Dad, who was waiting in the car for her. Poor Mia was just so confused.  
She stood there and called after her, “Don’t you want the rest of the pizza, Sara?”
“No thanks,” Sara responded, leaving Mia to give it out to someone else and help Erin and Mike to clean up the fellowship hall.
   Dad knew something was wrong the minute she entered the car, but he didn’t dare ask until after they dropped Amy off. 
“So, how did it go?” Dad asked.
“I have never had to exercise such self-control as tonight,” Sara complained, after explaining it all to him.
“Well, congratulations,” Dad said. “Control is a sign of maturity.”
“It took everything I had, but I guess I did it,” Sara grinned
“And that’s just the beginning,” he added.

Chapter Ten

It was decided the family was going to Laura’s parent’s house for Thanksgiving, who was staying through Christmas to assist with the preparations for the holidays before heading off to Florida. Sara couldn’t help but reminisce about last year’s Thanksgiving and the community open house for Christmas with Granny. How everything changes around so quickly, she thought.
Ryan had a rare day off and Laura’s parents lived close by in Strasburg, about a half an hour away.  Sara came to know them really well last year, when they all went together to Tennessee for Laura and Dad’s surprise wedding.  They wanted to be called Bud and Nan, which was fine with Sara.
Ryan was, as usual, his pesky self whenever he had to sit for any length of time. He also liked to instigate trouble.
“Heard you have a crush on Mike?” he began.
Sara learned it was always better to answer a question with a question if it was rude or obnoxious, so she asked, “And where did you hear that from?” 
“Guess? You were a bit upset catching Erin and Mike making out,” he mentioned.
“Now, why would I ever want to go out with the principal’s son?” Sara retorted.
“Perhaps, because you think he’s cute,” Ryan answered.
Dad was wise to change the subject and congratulate them for their mid-semester grades. Ryan received all As, except for PE which Sara couldn’t help teasing him about. Nothing like PE messing up your academic record, she kidded him. Sara managed to get all Bs, even in math with an A in PE, despite her ankle injury which sidelined her. Poor Mia got a C in Spanish, English and PE, but pulled As and Bs in the rest of her subjects. So, all was well in that area.
Nan and Bud lived in a condo with their new little Puggle puppy, which was just as cute as can be. Megan couldn’t leave it alone, begging Laura if they could get one.
“I think we have enough going right now, but I’m sure your grandparents wouldn’t mind us babysitting it on occasion,” Laura explained, despite Megan’s pouting. 
Sara helped Nan in the kitchen while Dad and Ryan assisted Bud in updating their computer programs. Laura was allowed to sit and rest. Sara was getting worried about her, but Laura reassured her that having morning sickness and being tired during the first tri-semester was normal, and it would get better with time. Sara sure hoped so.
They were soon returning home, discussing their plans for the remainder of the long weekend. Mia, Amy, and Sara were planning on hitting the stores at the mall for black Friday. Ryan and Laura had to work while Dad had a few house repairs to tend to.
The girls managed to get a few bargains for Christmas presents, but Mia persuaded Sara to purchase some supplies for a complete makeover, which they planned for Saturday. Mia had a real talent, and even though she knew Sara would be difficult to entice to have one done, they were looking forward to working on Amy. This proved to be fun since Amy had lots of potential. Mia first put highlights in her shoulder length light brown hair and then curled it under. She then applied mascara, eye shadow and blush with a touch of lipstick. Of course, they wouldn’t let her look at herself until it was finished. As they turned her around to inspect the results, all she could say was, oh my God. I can’t believe it.
“See, what a little color will do,” Mia remarked. “It makes all the difference in the world.”
“Unreal, now all I have to do is ask my grandmother if we have enough money to get contacts. What color would be best?” Amy asked. 
“You can choose any color you want,” Mia mentioned. “But, you do have gorgeous brown eyes as it is.” 
“And you look pretty when you smile,” Sara added.
“Now it’s your turn, Sara,” Mia stated.
“Oh no,” Sara stated. “Not again.”
“Didn’t I do a good job last year?” Mia asked, looking a bit hurt.
“Whatever,” Sara finally agreed, shaking her hair loose from its pony tail. “But with this mop, I’m hopeless.”
“Actually, your reddish colored hair is beautiful,” Amy observed.
“Here,” Mia mentioned. “Let me just curl and apply a little make-up.”
“I prefer the natural look,” Sara countered.
“Just sit down and be a good sport for once,” Mia commanded.
“Fine, wake me up when you’re done,” Sara said half-heartedly.
Mia and Amy worked on Sara for a half an hour, and she just let them do their thing.
“When we’re finished, Erin will be jealous,” Mia announced.
“Like I give a hoot about her,” Sara interjected.
“She’ll be jealous, once Mike starts making eyes at you,” Mia went on to explain.
“Yeah, right. Like that would ever happen,” Sara said, closing her eyes.
Finally, amidst admiration and self-praise, Mia allowed Sara to turn around in front of the mirror.
“Not bad,” Sara exclaimed in surprise. “It doesn’t even look like me.”
“You just have to get rid of the tomboy look,” Mia smiled. “It works every time.”
“You look fantastic, like a model,” Amy stared in admiration.
“You’re lucky to be tall. You’ll always wear your clothes well,” said Mia, a bit envious.
“Now, we just have to work on dressing hip.”
“How about you, Mia?” Amy asked.
“There’s nothing we can do with make-up to make her look better. I wouldn’t even dare try,” Sara respectfully declined.
“Tell you what. I’ll just work on myself and show you how it’s done,” Mia suggested, and they readily agreed.
After an hour’s demonstration, Mia was looking just as cute as can be in her petite way.  Sara, then, suggested that they try out their new looks.
“Such as,” Amy asked.
“Like, we’re going to dress up and hit the town,” Sara suggested.
“Yeah, like Pastor will allow me to do that,” Mia stated.
“Better yet, I’ll treat you all to dinner at Pizza Palace. It’s talent night. We can walk from here,” Sara offered. “That’s where all the hot kids hang out.”
Mia chose an outfit for Sara which showed off her figure and noted, “I think the guys are going to notice you in this.”
“You mean you’re downright sexy,” Amy observed.
“I think we all are. Let’s take a picture, together, before we go have some fun,” Sara suggested.
“Count me in.” Mia insisted, after calling Pastor for permission.
Sara could tell from her dad’s surprised look that she made an impression. He gave Sara a few extra bucks for the outing.  Laura just watched with amusement as Ryan walked in for dinner. 
“What the….? You’re going out like that?” he exclaimed to them.
“You bet,” Sara retorted.
When he heard of their plans, he commented, “You’re going to need a bodyguard. I’ll just come along with you.”
“No way,” Sara stated. “This is girls’ night out, isn’t it?”
With that, Mia and Amy agreed and they all were on their way to flaunt their new looks.

Chapter Eleven

The Pizza Palace was crowded with people eager to listen to the competition. Amy, Mia, and Sara found one of the last tables available and ordered a pizza supreme with a pitcher of root beer. Sara did a quick sweep of the place to note who was there.
“There’s Duke and Ace from our class,” Amy noticed. “And they’re giving us the eye.”
“Ignore them,” Sara advised. “They’re just trouble.”
Tara and Mindy were with a couple of upperclassman guys that Sara didn’t recognize. There were a few kids from several of her other classes, and Mia recognized some kids from church, whom Sara hadn’t met yet. The competition began with two girls singing a country song, which sounded pretty good. A band called the ‘Gotchas’, who played mostly hard rock followed it. Duke and Ace were next with more hard rock. Sara’s ears were ringing when they were done with their loud acoustics. By that time, Sara knew a major headache was on its way. The pounding in her head was keeping rhythm with the beat.
Amy’s eyes lit up as she moved to the music, exclaiming, “I didn’t know they had a band. They’re really good.”
Next on the agenda was a duet, which took Sara totally by surprise. Mike and Erin sang an original number from their own prerecorded CD. The crowd was really into it and insisted on an encore. This time, they did a country song and the crowd went wild. Anyone following them was a total disappointment. During the final curtain call, the one with the loudest cheers won the grand prize which was a gift certificate for their dinner special. It had been a close call until Mike and Erin appeared, and they were the winners by a landslide. It was obvious they were the crowd’s favorite.
By that time, the energy level of the room began to vibrate Sara’s total senses, and she finally had to excuse herself to the ladies room to just clear her head. Mia followed and offered her an aspirin.
“I didn’t know Mike and Erin were that good together or even that they had a musical talent,” Mia commented with awe. “Wow, I’m sorry if this all got to you, Sara.”
“Not them,” Sara denied. “Just all the energy levels going crazy. It’s given me a headache. That’s all.”
 When they returned, the hired band was setting up and they were surprised to see Ace and Duke at their table.
“There weren’t any seats available, so I invited them over,” Amy explained, smiling.
“You’re looking really good, Sara,” Duke mentioned. “What did you do to yourself?”
“Nothing that I wanted you to notice,” Sara commented.
“Ya wanna dance? This first song is really cool,” he invited smoothly.
“No thanks, I really have a headache,” Sara declined.
“Come on Amy, how about it,” Ace pitched in.
Amy smiled and accepted. Then Duke asked Mia, who also declined him. With his ego bruised, he took off to a different crowd.
“How could Amy ever dance with Ace?” Sara shuddered, watching him draw her close amidst all his wild dreadlocks and tattoos.
“She seems to be enjoying it,” Mia noticed.
“She has absolutely no self-esteem,” Sara commented.
Zach came over to ask Mia to dance. Mia looked at Sara, almost for permission when Sara whispered, “It’s only one dance. I’m not going to tell.”
It felt strange to Sara, sitting there alone. Sara looked around and noticed the families leaving and some new kids arriving in their place. When she turned back again to watch the dance floor, Sara was stunned to notice Ryan tapping Zach on his shoulder to cut in.
“Uh-oh,” Sara said to herself. “This is going to be interesting.”
Zach reluctantly left the dance floor and wandered over near her table.
“Trouble out there?” Sara questioned.
Zach shrugged and asked, “Want to finish off the dance?”
“Sure, why not?” Sara agreed, hoping this would circumvent any future confrontation with Ryan.
Thankfully, her headache was subsiding and Zach was a fun guy. Sara was a bit taller than he was with her shoes on, but he took it all in stride. Afterwards, he escorted Sara back to her table and sat down. Amy wandered over to the group with Ace, but was soon on the floor dancing a slow one with Duke. Sara did not have a good feeling about where this was going, but Zach distracted her with some amusing stories about school.
Sara managed to catch a glimpse of Amy, here and there, and noticed Ryan remaining on the dance floor with Mia, probably trying to avoid Zach over at their table. Erin and Mike were clinging to each other, while Sara noted Mindy dancing with Ty from church and Tara hanging onto someone she didn’t know.  
Finally, Zach took off as Mia and Ryan returned to sit down.
“So, what brought you here, bro?”  Sara asked him.
“Just thought I’d drop in to check out the band,” he remarked, raising his eyebrows. “Didn’t know I’d get here just in time.”
There was a moment of silence when Sara excused herself to check on Amy. Sara asked her to accompany her to the ladies room. Amy didn’t want to leave her group, but reluctantly did so. She was just beaming and wide-eyed.
“It’s getting late,” Sara observed. “And my dad will be here soon to take you and Mia home.
“Oh, don’t worry about me. Ace said he will take me home a little later,” Amy explained. “You go ahead.”
“No, Amy,” Sara stated. “You came with us; you need to leave with us.”
‘There’s no written law on that,” Amy said, putting more lipstick on. “I’m having a good time and I’m not ready to leave yet.”
“Amy, take my word, you don’t want them to take you home,” Sara persisted.
“Sara, I appreciate everything you’ve done, but I’m able to make my own decisions,” Amy replied.
“You’re only fourteen and they’re, at least seventeen. Believe me, you don’t know where this is going,” Sara explained, emphatically.
“I’m able to take care of myself,” Amy repeated, slightly annoyed. “So, I’ll see you around.  With that, she walked out.
“No, you don’t and you definitely don’t need any more grief in your life right now,” Sara murmured, under her breath.
When Sara returned to the table, Mia could tell there was something drastically wrong. She told Mia and Ryan what had just happened.
“I have a really bad feeling about this and I don’t know what to do. She won’t listen, and I’ll never forgive myself for getting her into this mess to begin with,” Sara explained and then emphasized. “She needs to go home with us.”
“Call your dad,” Mia suggested. 
“I don’t know what he can do if she refuses,” Sara panicked. “Where did she go?”
 “I think she went out the side door. I’ll check on them,” Ryan offered. 
Mia accompanied Sara out the front. It was beginning to snow. They were nowhere in sight and Sara called her dad to the scene.
“Do you know their car?” Mia asked.
“I might. I’ll look around. I need to be sure. I don’t want to sabotage the wrong car if it gets that far.”
Ryan came huffing around the corner. “There you are. Right now, they’re in the back smoking.”
“Even Amy?” Sara asked. 
“She has one in her hand. Did you call Dad?”
As Sara was shaking her head yes, Dad pulled up and she quickly explained the situation to him “Now, how do I get her to go with us?” Sara asked.
“Just get in and I’ll drive around back,” he suggested. “I’ll take care of it.”
It was just in time as a group of boys were all piling into the car with Amy, ready to leave. Dad pulled directly in back of them blocking their exit, got out and had a few words with Ace and Duke. It wasn’t a friendly conversation, but Dad escorted Amy to their car door and she reluctantly got in. She refused to say a word all the way to her house until she opened the door and whispered, “I’ve never been so embarrassed in my life, and I’ll never forgive you for this, Sara.” With that, she slammed the door shut.  
Mia just looked at her, overhearing the remark when Sara responded, “It’s better than never, ever, forgiving myself.”
After dropping Mia off at the parsonage, Sara said to Dad, “I don’t know how everything just suddenly went so wrong.”
“If you didn’t follow your instincts, it could have been a lot worst taking one look at those guys,” Dad remarked. “You did the right thing, Sara. It could have been disastrous.”
“I know, Dad,” Sara said. “But, I still feel terrible.”
“Believe me, you will feel a lot better about it tomorrow,” he added. “It will all work itself out with time.”
“By the way, what did you say to those guys?” Ryan inquired. “They looked pretty mad.”
“Just that if Amy didn’t come home with us, I was going to call the police,” Dad reported.
“Yeah, I thought I heard one of those guys say that she’s just jailbait and not worth it,” Ryan disclosed and then looked over at Sara. “At least, I got there just in time to reclaim my girlfriend.’	
 “It was only one dance, Ryan,” Sara explained.
“And it probably would have been just one car ride,” Ryan interjected.
“Okay, I get your point.  Now, let’s just go home and call it a night. My headache just came back,” Sara said as she closed her eyes in exhaustion.

Chapter Twelve

Church youth group was out of the question since Sara was definitely coming down with something. Her whole body ached.  She probably caught it from Megan, who was still coughing. Sara was glad to have an excuse after last night. She called Mia and asked if someone else could pick up Amy. They talked a little about the night before. After discussing the scenario with Laura, it was concluded that Amy’s was looking for any type of male attention, probably from the lack of a father figure in her life. It was important she remained involved with the youth group to meet kids with some values; that is except Mike and Erin, but nothing’s perfect, Sara surmised.
Sara also stayed home Monday, partly because she was fatigued and also to baby sit Megan, who hadn’t fully recovered. Sara decided to call Dr. Worth to ask her about the possibility of returning to Mr. Hasting’s class. She said she would check into it and let her know. Mia mentioned that he was off a lot because of his family situation. Life is so ironic, Sara surmised, since he was the first one to tell students not to bring their problems to school.  Now he was part of the problem with his many absences. Karma never forgets.
Dr. Worth called back that Mr. Hastings was on a Family Medical Leave until after Christmas, and his substitute didn’t object. Sara was glad to avoid the constant drama in alt-ed. She just yearned for some normalcy if that was ever possible in her life.
Tuesday morning, Mia was really surprised to see Sara return to class first period. She knew Mr. Anderson from last year when he substituted for Mrs. Wright’s English class. He and Sara’s mom used to date in high school and he recognized Sara right away. His wife was a Curriculum Coordinator for Megan’s school. Mr. Anderson was a groundskeeper for a local golf course, but he would substitute during off-season. Everyone really liked him and Sara felt fortunate to be able to sneak back in under the circumstances.
There was an empty seat in the back, next to a new girl Sara had never seen before.  It was obvious she was a ‘Goth’, from her appearance; dressed in black with lots of mascara and even black lipstick. Her face was decorated with nose and lip rings and she had a tattoo on her arm. Mr. Anderson began class and Sara was totally relaxed since he radiated positive vibes, which made it easier for her to concentrate. 
At lunch, Mia filled Sara in on the news. She said that Pastor talked to Amy personally, and offered to counsel and help her through her grieving process. Amy agreed to it and then went on to get the role as Mary in the Nativity play while Larry, from the youth group, took the role as Joseph.
Mia asked Sara at lunch, “What do you think of Stella, the Goth girl?”
Sara said, “I don’t know what to think, ‘cause I don’t know her.”
“She’s into witchcraft,” Mia reported.
“Just because she’s a Goth doesn’t mean she’s into witchcraft,” Sara explained. “Those can be two separate things.”
“She’s wearing a pentagram necklace, too” Mia went on.
Then Sara reminded her, “You know, my great grandmother times 3, whom I was named after, was hanged after being condemned as a witch in Salem. In actuality, she healed many people with her herbs, so I can’t judge her by her looks or beliefs alone. Maybe, she‘s just trying to make a statement of some sort.”
“Well, I‘m glad I‘m not sitting by her. She must give off some pretty negative vibes,” Mia commented.
“Actually, I’m not feeling anything, but I’ll let you know if I do,” Sara replied. “Maybe we need to study up on what this supposed witchcraft is all about.”
“Like Pastor would ever allow me to do that. You’re on your own in that area,” Mia retorted.
Leaving school, Sara bumped into Amy.
“What happened to you in class?” You haven’t been there,” she asked as if nothing ever occurred over the weekend.
“I’ve been sick, and then I was allowed to attend my regular class in Government. So, I won’t need to be in alt-ed anymore,” Sara explained.
“Well, everyone was asking about you. I thought that might be it. I’m transferring over after the semester,” she went on. “So, I’ll probably see you at youth group.”
“I plan to be there,” Sara smiled. “We’ll see you then.”

The next day as Mia and Sara sat down for lunch. Stella approached and asked if she might join them. Sara thought Mia would pass out, but she didn’t as Stella sat down across from them. The conversation revolved around class, and then Mia mentioned. “That’s a different necklace. What is it?”
Sara could have kicked her under the table for that, but controlled herself.
“It’s a pentagram.”
“What’s that?” she went on.
“It signifies nature, that is air, water, earth, fire for the Wiccan religion,” Stella explained. You know, similar to Christians who wear a cross, we have our own as well.”
“What are some of your beliefs?” Sara inquired
“Contrary to what some say, we worship nature and its cycles, like the moons, sun and earth. We have both Priests and Priestesses, or a masculine and a feminine side and have eight festivals a year to coincide with a full moon. We seek to heal or help people and improve our lives and believe that divinity is within all people. We don’t believe in the devil or evil, but we believe in karma and reincarnation.”
“What are those last two things?” Mia asked.
“Karma is like your golden rule, except that people get back what they give out.  This can be in the form of reincarnation, where we live many lives, usually in attempt to correct the mistakes of past lives.”
 “Wow, that is really different,” Mia exclaimed. “Do you really dance naked under the moon?”
Stella replied, “We do have covens or gatherings and festivals, especially at the solstice.  Although it has been said some dance naked under the moon, most wear a white tunic.” 
 “Did I hear you’re going to dance naked under the moon?” interrupted Ryan as he hurriedly set his tray down on the table.
Mia’s face turned a couple of shades of red.
“No, Ryan, we’re reserving that for your chess club,” Sara kidded him.
“But, there are only guys in it,” he responded.
“That’s the point,” Sara commented and then explained. “He’s my step-brother.”
“Oh,” Stella said and then smiled.

As Mia and Sara walked to their next class, Sara commented, “See, she won’t put a hex on you. I’m probably more likely to do that than her.”
“I just wish she wouldn’t dress all in black. She just looks so, alternative,” Mia stated.
“She’s just trying to find her way, just like the rest of us. Except she goes about it more pronounced, you might say,” Sara explained. “She has a good soul. I can feel it. We just have to be open-minded about it, that’s all.”
“Let’s hope so,” was all she said.

Chapter Thirteen

Christmas was in the air. It was always Sara’s grandmother’s favorite time of year. Dad and Ryan hung the lights which made their Victorian House become a Christmas showpiece of their small town. Granny would have been proud. Laura was beginning to feel better, and they were busy with baking and making gifts for family and residents of the nursing home. Megan was excited about Santa Claus coming for a visit. The church youth group play was ready for production, where Sara assisted with the scenery and props. Everyone seemed to be busy and involved in their own lives at this time.
It was a picture perfect winter night, when the entire family bundled up to head off to the church for the big event. This time Sara was backstage helping with costumes and last minute preparations when Larry, who was playing Joseph, approached them. Somehow, Sara knew, right off something was terribly wrong, but she couldn’t pinpoint it.
“Where’s Amy?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I haven’t seen her,” Sara said. “What’s going on?”
“Pastor Matt can’t find her, and her phone has been disconnected at her house,” Larry explained.
“Do you want me to ask my dad to check out her place?” Sara asked.
“I think he’s doing that right now. We only have a half hour before production,” he went on.
While they were hurrying about, the choir began singing Christmas hymns. Pastor Matt came in looking for Mia.
“There’s no sign of Amy,” he explained, nearing panic. “Mia, you’ll need to help us out here. Let’s dress you in costume. We can’t have a Christmas play without Mary.”
Poor Mia looked positively stage stricken at the suggestion.
“But, I haven’t looked at the script or anything,” Mia mumbled.
“You played Mary last year, and it’s almost the same. You can ad lib,” Pastor Matt bargained.
“Here, I’ll help you get ready,” Sara offered.
Sara led poor Mia away, scurrying here and there, attempting to costume her up.
“We don’t know where the brown wig went from last year, so we’ll have to do without,” Sara stated. “Larry will cue you as he goes.”
“But,” Mia objected, almost in a daze. “We can’t have a Mary with short blond hair with streaks.”
“Just think of it as a modern day version. It’s better than no Mary at all,” Ryan interjected.
“We’ll pray for you,” Sara assured her.
“Thanks a lot. I’ll need more than that right now,” she responded.
With no sign of Amy, they all maneuvered into position and Zach, who was the narrator, began. Somehow, everyone managed to fumble through their part, and Larry did a good job of guiding Mia. It almost looked realistic, except at the end, when the bright light of the star shown down on the Holy family, and Mia’s blond hair absolutely glowed from the glittering lights of the surrounding angels.
The good thing about church plays is that everyone is forgiving about mistakes, Sara realized. Most of the parents, with cameras in hand, were totally enthralled with their own children, no matter how small the part. The importance was conveying the true meaning of Christmas. 
Amy was another story. Where was she, and how could she leave them in a last minute lurch like this?  They were between scared, angry, and baffled. They didn’t know what to think.
At the reception, afterwards, the Christmas cast was just glad it was over. Mia was congratulated and thanked for her last minute substitution. All the kids were buzzing about Amy and possible scenarios. Finally, Pastor Ken approached them with an update.
 “We just discovered that there was a message left on the answering machine in my office Saturday by Amy‘s grandmother, explaining that they had to go to Virginia last minute and Amy couldn’t be in the play.”
“She could have called any of the rest of us,” Sara objected.
“We can’t judge. We just have to go forth.” Pastor Ken explained. “Everything turned out well, thanks to Mia, here.”
“What do you think happened?” Ryan asked Sara on the way home.
“I have the feeling it has to do with her father, and that she won’t be back,” Sara replied. “But, I’m unsure as to all of the details right now.”
 “I’m just worried about her. I hope everything is all right,” Laura commented.
“She’s really unpredictable. It’s hard to know from one moment to the next what might happen with her,” Sara responded.

Christmas was a quiet family affair, and Sara really missed Granny. They put a beautifully decorated Christmas wreath on the family plot, but it wouldn’t ever make up for her absence, especially this time of year.  Laura’s parents came for Christmas to begin new traditions. Ryan and Sara enjoyed playing up the Santa Claus routine with Megan and watching her excitedly open her gifts. Everyone figured they might as well enjoy this while it lasted. 
Sara received a new iPod and mostly clothes. Ryan got a laptop computer which was supposed to be shared.  Laura was getting some big items for the baby from her parents. It would be fun to set up the nursery. Mia came over later with a bracelet for Sara and a watch for Ryan. Sara gave Mia some make-up supplies while Ryan presented her with a beautiful necklace. Sara was really impressed with his selection until he confessed later that Laura had some input into choosing it.  
 Later in the evening, with a Christmas CD playing, they toured the Christmas lights in the neighborhood. Sara noticed Ryan and Mia holding hands in the way back seat of the van. How cute! Later as they returned home, Ryan and Mia lingered behind. As Sara turned to check on them, she noticed Ryan pulling mistletoe out of his pocket, putting it over Mia’s head and giving her a quick kiss on her lips. Since it was a beautiful night with stars shining over the glistening snow, Ryan walked Mia the short distance home. In a way, Sara envied that they found a special something. She wondered if that was ever a possibility for her.

The youth group was sponsoring a New Year’s Eve party in the church hall. It was to consist mainly of movies, games and snacks. Mia was expected to attend, so Ryan would have to go, too. This included Sara; however, she would have preferred to stay home and read a book. She had already seen the movie presentation, and she realized that anyone in the ‘in” group would, most likely, have their own party to attend to welcome in the New Years. 
Last year the youth group had gone to Times Square to watch the show and the ball drop; however, they had to cancel last minute due to Granny’s incident and broken hip. It was the beginning of the end for her, and Sara didn’t mind being there for her. But, she wasn’t looking forward to another bummer ending to the year. Her only hope was that the upcoming year would be better than this past one. She will see.
Mia came over to visit and she offered to do Sara’s hair, something she could never refuse. Mia had that special talent. She then confided in Sara about Amy.
“Pastor says she’s gone to live with her dad in Virginia for now. His wife was in a car accident, and her dad needs some help with the kids. Her mother’s house was foreclosed on due to all of her the medical bills and they had to get out. Her grandmother went to live with her brother’s family in Florida.  She’s not expected to be back,” Mia explained.
“Wow,’ Sara exclaimed. “She had a lot going on. I wish her the best. I just don’t understand why she didn’t give us more notice.”
“Guess their phone and utilities were cut off,” Mia explained. “She’s been through so much. I hope it will all work out for her.”
As usual, Mia did a stunning job with Sara’s hair. She always had the knack of making someone plain into glamorous. They had to leave early for the church hall to set up. The typical youth group kids arrived, but just as they were getting started, Mike walked in alone and sat next to Sara as the movie started.
“What are you doing here?” Sara hissed. 
“Dad, the Deacon commanded,” he said.
“Where’s Erin?” she asked.
“Oh, she got busted for sneaking out and smoking. Now she’s grounded,” he explained.
“You didn’t have anything to do with that, did you?” Sara questioned.
“Why do you think I’m here? This is my community service, you might say,” he laughed as Sara rolled her eyes.
The movie was a comedy, and it wouldn’t have been that bad if Sara hadn’t seen it already. Midway through, she left to work on the refreshments. Mike followed her.
“You lost or something?” Sara teased.
“No, just bored and hoping we can play sardines after this is over,” he replied.
“Yeah, right, after you and Erin ruined it for everyone last time,” Sara reminded him.
“Oh, but if you and I were partners, it would be different,” he went on.
“Like that would ever happen in this lifetime,” Sara remarked, condescendingly.
“Just wishing,” Mike asked, hopefully.
“Go away, before I put a hex on you and turn you into a frog,” Sara threatened.
“Would you kiss a frog and turn him into a prince?” he challenged.
With that, Sara knew she couldn’t win and walked away.
Pastor Matt had some games to play including ‘Balderdash’. Sara teamed up with Zach and they nailed everyone, including Ryan, who thought he was Mr. Dictionary. Sara couldn’t help but to feel smug. Zach and Sara had a really fun time ‘balder dashing’ everyone. They were beginning to build a rapport as friends.
They watched Times Square on TV, and the New Year was official. Sara could put the awful past year to rest and start brand new. It was an exhilarating feeling until Mike surprised Sara in the back hall while returning the chairs, by grabbing her wrist and planting a big kiss on her lips.
“Happy New Year,” he whispered as Sara was overcome with anger.
“How dare you!” she responded as she pulled her wrist free, glaring at him with such penetrating force that he stumbled backwards into the pile of chairs.
“What the hell! You are a witch,” Mike muttered as Pastor Matt rounded the corner, looking stunned from his comment.
“What’s going on here?” he demanded.
There was a moment of hesitation before Mike scrambled to his feet. “Nothing. Nothing of importance, anyway,” he retorted, giving Sara a disgusted look before he took off.	
“Want to tell me?” Pastor Mike asked as Mia and Ryan hurried towards her, wondering what all the commotion was about.
Sara shook her head no. The less said, the better for now. She just wanted to let it go as an explanation would result in an interrogation, and she wasn’t up to that right now.
“It’s late. I just want to go home,” Sara said. “Oh, Happy New Year, Pastor Mike.”
He didn’t say a word as Sara left, staring at her with a confused expression.  So much for starting off the New Year right, Sara thought.  Guess some things never change.

Chapter Fourteen

Semester exams and cold, snowy weather was the January forecast. Every year, Ryan would have his birthday right in the middle of exams, but unlike anyone else, it didn’t bother him as long as he received money for more computer software. He was a total geek. Of course, he again managed to get all A’s, except in PE. Mia ended up with a B average with some A’s and C’s in the mix. Sara squeezed by with mostly B’s except for A’s in PE, Spanish and Government. Sara knew that would make Mr. Hastings so mad. But, he had been gone to help his wife with their third child, who was now thriving, despite her premature birth and complications. Mr. Anderson was so much better in comparison. Everyone would truly miss him, especially Sara, when Mr. Hastings returned.  
After midterms, everyone was looking forward to the youth group ski trip. The bus was full since more kids who didn’t attend weekly church group signed up for the fun events. Luckily, neither Erin, Mike nor his dad were present. Now, Sara could relax and have a good time. Mt. Strom Ski resort was only an hour’s drive, and they lucked out with a beautiful winter day after a recent blizzard; 28 degrees with sun. They were all in a giddy mood, having just finished exams and with a couple days off to recuperate before 2nd semester began.
Sara was wearing a new ski parka, sunglasses and a headband that she bought with her Christmas money. She felt very hip and was ready to take on the world. Unfortunately, they had to prove themselves on the bunny trail first before they could graduate to even the beginners slope. The ski patrol also made them wear helmets, for protection. 
Sara noticed many of the juniors and seniors were immediately passed. Soon, it was only Ryan, Mia, Larry, and Sara left. Sara felt like such an imbecile until Ryan reminded her that they did grow up in the desert. After all, how hard could this be?  Sara was known for her agility and sports abilities. Finally, Larry and Sara graduated, after successfully making it down the slope five times without falling. Now, Mia was another case. She was just plain scared and finally persuaded Ryan, who wasn’t that coordinated to take a break for some hot chocolate in the lodge. Now Sara was on her own and was looking forward to the more challenging slope.
Sara hitched up with Zach on the beginners slope and he showed her the ropes. “Just watch and then follow me,” he suggested, taking off. “I’ll wait for you at the bottom.” 
He did a picture perfect run, and Sara was eager to follow as she reminded herself of all the hints. Bend your knees, go with the slope, don’t tighten up and breathe. Sara took a big breath and pushed off. This was so exhilarating as she leaned back and forth to meet the slope of the land. As she came to the end, she turned her skis too sharply to stop and landed on her butt with her skis up in the air.  
Sara heard some laughter from the group waiting for the lift, when one of the guys came over to offer his hand to help her up, “You almost made it,” he commented.
“Thanks,” Sara said as she brushed herself off, taking off her helmet to shake the snow out of her hair. Sara couldn’t help but feel some strange vibes, but she couldn’t pinpoint it.
“First time?” he asked as Sara nodded yes.
“I grew up in Southern California,” she admitted. 
“Here ride with me on the lift and I’ll give you a few hints,” he offered as Sara accepted more to assuage her curiosity about these strange feelings.
 Zach skied over to check on her and Sara said, “I’m good.” He took the hint and joined Mindy’s group.
“My name is Mark Mason,” he introduced himself and then asked. “And you are?”
“Sara Neuman. I’m with the church group,” she commented, “Who are you with?”
“I’m here to help my uncle on weekends during the season. I’m on the Ski Patrol,” he explained. “Actually, I live in the Mt. Macon area in Montgomery County.  How about you?”
Oh-oh, Sara thought. He must go to Dad’s school district.
“I live in Hyattsville, the next county over,” Sara said.
“Oh yeah, our competitors.”
“You really got us in football this year,” Sara acknowledged.
“You just beat us out in cross-country. That’s the sport I’m in,” Mark mentioned and then continued. “Some JV girl from your school did a surprise move to win the meet. I can’t remember her name. There was a big scene over it, though. Do you know her?”
“I heard about it,” Sara admitted chagrinned and then changed the subject quickly by asking, “So, what are some of these pointers?”
Mark went on to explain as they hopped off the lift. Sara knew it was good time to make a graceful exit, when she thanked him for all his help and eagerly made another run. Sara hooked up with Zach again as they made a few more runs, before heading off to the lodge. Sara was glad she lost Mark. She didn’t want him to put two and two together.  Anyway, Sara still couldn’t pinpoint it, but she was trying to decipher this strange vibe about him.
“Oh well, I’m off duty and here to have some fun and get away from it all,” Sara reminded herself.
“You talking to yourself again,” Ryan interrupted Sara’s thought process. 
“Yep,” Sara agreed. “I’m the only one who understands a thing I’m saying.”
“Well, how about coming over here and telling yourself to get something to eat before we leave,” he suggested.
“Very funny,” Sara laughed. “Guess I better. It’s starting to get dark and we’ll be heading out soon.”
A small group was warming up in front of the fireplace, and Pastor Matt came over with the other parent chaperones.
“Looks as though we had a great day,” he announced. “We’ll be boarding the bus in 15 minutes, so finish up.”
They were busy returning their rentals when Sara looked up and noted Mark coming her way. “I’ll take those,” he offered. “Did you have a good time?”
“Yes, thanks,” Sara smiled, before turning away.
“Wait a minute. I recognize you now. You were on the JV team. As a matter of fact, you were the one who edged my sister out in the meet, weren’t you?” he asked, slightly confused.
Mia, who was at Sara’s side, realized what was happening and said, “Hurry, Sara. We’re going to miss the bus.”
They quickly moved away as Mark stood staring after them.
“Thanks Mia, you saved my life,” Sara said gratefully.
“That’s what I’m here for,” she replied. 
Sara came to realize that there was just no way to make herself invisible. After Sara returned home, she casually asked Dad if he knew of a Mark Mason at his school.
“Oh, yes. He’s a junior. Good student, cross-country stand-out, tennis captain and on Student Council. Nice guy, why?”
“I just bumped into him on the slopes. He’s on the ski patrol there. He recognized me as the one who beat out his little sister in cross-country,” Sara mentioned.
“Oh-h,” he said, deciding not to pursue it any further.

Chapter Fifteen

That night, Sara went to bed exhausted with sore muscles that hadn’t been exercised in a long time. It made for a restless night, especially when Mystic began licking her nose with her rough tongue to wake her up.
“What do you want?” Sara murmured, pushing her away and turning over. But she persisted as Sara hallucinated in between her dream world and reality. Suddenly, Mystic nipped her nose as Sara bolted upright. She pushed her off the bed. But as Sara started to relax, she was recalling the dream she was involved in. It was in vivid color as she wandered into this strange house. Sara could visualize every detail as though she had been there before. There was a strange mist and she was having trouble breathing. Sara just wanted to sleep and never wake up. She was so tired and her muscles felt like dead weight. But, a dog barked, waking her momentarily, and Sara continued floating. She saw Mark, his sister, and his parents sleeping upstairs and looked at the clock. It said 8:00 am, time to get up, but nobody moved. The radio was playing music and announced it was Groundhog Day. Nothing was happening. They wouldn’t wake up. Then, Sara was drawn downstairs to the furnace. Something was wrong.  There was a crack and a strange substance. Carbon monoxide, she realized. Now Sara was wide-awake. She glanced at the clock. It was 7:00 am. She could hear Laura and Dad getting ready for work. Their school had an extra vacation day. Sara realized that she had to tell them her dream. Would they believe her? They had to!
Sara scrambled downstairs in a hurry.
“Sara, what are you doing up so early? You don’t have school today,” Laura reminded her as she tidied up the kitchen.
“Where’s Dad?” Sara asked, excitedly.
“He’s just leaving; warming up his car, why?” Laura wanted to know.
“I have to see him before he goes,” Sara replied, hurrying outside.
“You can’t go out like that, it’s freezing outside,” she warned her.
Dad met Sara at the door to grab his briefcase.
“Dad, you have to listen,” Sara explained, panicking. “I had a dream last night. It involved Mark Mason. They are all going to die from carbon monoxide poisoning. You have to warn them,” she implored.
“Now, hold on a minute. How can you tell this is true from a dream, Sara?” Dad asked, giving her a frustrated look.
“I could tell when he helped me up after falling yesterday. I knew something was wrong, but I didn’t know what it was until I dreamed about it,” Sara explained.
“What if it’s a false alarm?” Dad replied, not wanting to look foolish.
“What if it’s not?” Sara retorted. “Remember, last year when I dreamed about the accident with your horse and I prevented it just in time.”
Dad nodded and said, “I just don’t know how to approach this.”
“Listen, you have a school directory here. Just give me his number and I’ll call his parents, and you can deal with it as you think fit when you get to school. Okay?” Laura offered.
Dad relented and found the number. “Call me on my cell and let me know the status.”  Laura agreed as they kissed good-bye.
Laura dialed the number, and it rang for a long time before a slurred voice finally answered. “Is this Mrs. Mason?” Laura inquired as an alarm was ringing in the background.
“Uh-huh“
“Don’t hang up. This is an important call. Is everyone in your family all right?”
“Huh”
“I fear you may have a carbon monoxide leak in your house. You need to get out. Can you do that?’
“I dunno,” was the reply, and then there was no further response.
“Here, give me your cell,” Laura commanded Sara. “I’m calling 911. Then, I’m going to call your dad to head over there. Quick, now!”
It seemed like an eternity before they heard back from Dad. 
“You hit it right on, again, Sara,” Dad explained over the phone. “The police are here and the ambulances. They’re all heading out to the hospital. The gas company cut off the gas, and the fire department has the house cordoned off. Fortunately it’s on acreage, so it’s not too close to the other houses, but it’s condemned until the furnace has been replaced. There was a crack in the furnace and luckily, Mark likes to sleep with his window open a little or they might have been goners. Even the dog is on the way to the vet. Guess I’ll be off to school. They’ll probably be more questions about your 911 call. We’ll have to figure out how we are going to explain that. I’ll let you know more when I get home.”
“I’m going to head off to work now,” Laura said. “Are you going to be okay?”
“I’m just tired, that’s all,” Sara explained. “I didn’t sleep very well last night.”
“With good reason,” Laura concluded as Ryan and Megan trudged into the room. “Ryan, fix Megan some breakfast before you start out for your snow jobs. Sara doesn’t feel well and needs to go back to bed.”
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“We’ll fill you in later,” she said, before she gave Megan a kiss and headed out the door.
Sara was so glad to cuddle down in her blankets as the cold wind blew outside. Mystic snuggled close while purring contently on her pillow.
 “Are you going to let me sleep this time?” Sara scolded her. Mystic looked up at Sara in her knowing way.
“Thanks, Granny,” Sara whispered as they both fell into a deep and dreamless slumber. 

Dad came home to dinner in a semi-shocked state with all that happened. He reported that the Masons remained hospitalized in good condition, but weren’t going to be released for another day.
After Sara explained everything to Ryan, he asked, “You mean you could tell they were in danger through hand contact?”
“I knew something was wrong, but I didn’t know what until I dreamed it,” Sara explained.
“Wow, you really are something, ya know,” he stated with admiration.
“So, how did you explain all this, Dad?” Sara asked.
“There was no other way, but to tell the truth. It definitely was the buzz of the school,” he confessed. “I think it might filter to your school soon, Sara.”
Sara just shrugged and then asked Dad, “Are you going to visit Mark?”
“He has plenty of visitors right now, but it was mentioned they wanted to meet you sometime,” Dad replied.
“You already met Mark and he seemed to really like you,” Ryan interjected.
“At least, maybe, I won’t be blamed for supposedly sabotaging the cross-country meet,” Sara declared, clearing the table.
“Right now, I think that’s the furthest thing from their minds,” Dad stated, while still shaking his head in disbelief.

Chapter Sixteen

Second semester began and Sara had to once again face Mr. Hastings, except that she would be taking World Issues with him now. He didn’t look too happy to see her, but he couldn’t do anything about it, after Sara’s successful past month without him and an A for a grade. Sara just kept to herself in the back of the room.
Sara bumped into Vanessa from alt-ed and she updated her about Amy. Vanessa reported Monica had her baby, a 3.8 oz. girl, who was born with breathing problems and remained in intensive care. She originally wanted to keep her, but decided to give her up for adoption since she couldn’t afford the expensive medical care needed. Sara didn’t say much, but she knew that would be the best solution with Monica’s reputation for partying and substance abuse. Spike continued to be in Juvie while Duke and Ace were constantly in trouble with the Truant Officer for poor attendance. Tina was again off somewhere, causing her frantic parents to worry. Sara was just glad to leave all those problems behind for now.
Friday, after school, Sara had an unexpected visitor. When she answered the door, there stood Mark with a beautiful vase of flowers. She didn’t know what to say until Dad intervened and invited him in. Sara thanked him and set the flowers on a table.
“This is from my family to thank you for your warning. We are still unable to understand how you came to know this information, but we’re very grateful that you did,” Mark said, appearing slightly ill at ease. “We are currently back in our house with a new furnace.”
“How is everyone doing?” Sara asked shyly.
“Actually, better than ever. My sister was constantly feeling tired and achy. She was the only one who didn’t crack a window at night. We never thought her symptoms were from a defective furnace. We thought she was having stress headaches. Now, we know,” he explained, and then added. “She also wants to apologize for her accusations at the cross-country meet. We now realize that some of her symptoms began when we activated the furnace for the year. It just became worse over the winter as you know.”
Sara smiled, “No problem. I appreciate you coming by, and thank you for the lovely flowers.”
Laura had just returned home from work, so Dad introduced her to Mark.
“You’ll have to stay for dinner. Friday is pizza and pop night for us. We were just going to order out. What is your preference?” she smiled.
“Oh, I can’t trouble you. My family just wanted to thank you, and here are some free passes to the ski lodge,” he went on to explain.
“It’s no problem at all,” Dad interjected. “I want to get some ideas in setting up the morning news bulletin on the school monitor anyway. I could use some input.”
Mark finally agreed as he, Ryan, and Dad all got involved with computer shoptalk.  
Sara helped Laura set up the delivered pizza, and the guys hungrily attacked it.
“I think he likes you,” she whispered.
“I don’t think he knows what to think,” Sara replied. “At least, I don’t. It’s all very awkward.”
“Right now, he’s in awe. That should wear off once he gets to know everyone better,” Laura remarked.
“We’ll see,” Sara replied, without much hope.
As Sara headed over to the computer with soda refills, she had this unexplained feeling as she approached. Was it infatuation, shyness, awe, just being scared or what?  Sara just felt a twitter. She didn’t notice it at first, but the computer started to flash on and off. Ryan saw it right off and looked over at her.
“Do you mind?” he asked as Sara looked at him weird. “The computer…you need to step back, puh-leese?” He emphasized as her face turned red.
“Oh,” Sara apologized, quickly turning around. “Sorry.”
She had forgotten about her effect on computers. She just wasn’t thinking. It hadn’t been much of a problem since computer class last year. Sara felt totally mortified.
“What was that all about?” Mark asked.
“Oh, Sara and computers don’t get along, sometimes,” Ryan explained.
Mark didn’t say anything, but looked totally confused as they went back to their project at hand. Thankfully, Megan came skipping in, rambling about an upcoming birthday party for her friend, Becky, the next day. So, Sara gracefully departed to help her wrap a present for her. She was glad to escape.
About 9:00 pm, Mark excused himself, mentioning he had to be at work early tomorrow.  He expressed hope that the family would be able to join him on the slopes for some free skiing lessons and offered to send them information. He then asked for Sara’s e-mail address which Ryan gladly supplied, without even thinking. Then he was gone.
“Thanks for giving out my e-mail address without even asking,” Sara scolded him.
“Oh, sorry about that.  I was thinking more about skiing,” he apologized and then added. “Sounds like a move on his part to keep in touch, though.”
“Do you think we’ll even want to try skiing again?” Sara asked.
“Sure, we can have a family outing, maybe next month,” Dad suggested and then grinned. “Except, perhaps Laura.”
“I’ll just hang out at the lodge and enjoy the scenery,” she remarked.
“And eat,” Ryan kidded.
“That, too,” she agreed.
“Mark’s a really nice guy,” Ryan mentioned.
“Yep, he’s quite popular at school,” Dad added.

The next couple of days, Sara eagerly opened her e-mail, but nothing appeared. So, she went on with her life as if nothing ever happened at all.
The news had filtered to Sara’s school about Mark and his family. She hadn’t realized that he was quite the tennis star, besides a cross-country favorite. He was somewhat of a local celebrity from his wins on the tennis courts. 
Sara was called unexpectedly to Dr. Worth’s office for a follow-up consultation. Sara figured she had heard about her big ‘save’ and wanted more specific details. After the usual deposition, as Sara referred to it, she solicited her help again, with alt-ed class.
Tina’s parents asked her for any interventions on Tina’s whereabouts, and Dr. Worth wanted to know if Sara would agree to try to help them out. Sara shrugged her shoulders since she didn’t have any clue at this point. Dr. Worth mentioned that Tina was of legal age and the police didn’t believe she was in danger, but was just hanging out someplace. Would she talk with them? Sara agreed reluctantly, but mentioned that her insights were spontaneous and unpredictable, so she couldn’t promise anything.
So, after school, Sara met with Tina’s mother, Mrs. Walters and Dr. Worth in the alt-ed room. She sat at Tina’s desk, although she felt terribly uncomfortable. Basically, they were all discussing the circumstances and Sara just sat there observing, gathering any information or impressions. She was allowed to go through Tina’s desk for any clues. All she knew was that Mrs. Walters was totally distressed by the ongoing circumstances of Tina’s frequent disappearances. She conveyed the most recent followed a blow-up between Tina and her husband after taking the car without permission. Tina was so close to graduation, and Mrs. Walters was distraught at the thought she wouldn’t be able to graduate.
 Sara could tell Tina came from a rich family. Her mother was a physical therapist and her dad was an accountant, both highly educated. They lived in one of the rich areas of town; the one they would always tour for the Christmas lights. She was an only child and had been pampered and spoiled. Her parents definitely didn’t want her in alt-ed to begin with, but because of her frequent absences, it was her final chance to graduate. So, her parents agreed. Not that it worked since she would be dropped off at the front door and proceeded  right out the back.
They asked if Sara had any input. She could tell them only what she didn’t feel. Sara didn’t feel Tina was in danger, but that she was hiding underground. Sara was then questioned about that.
“It’s been said the kids have an underground system or safe houses where they can hide out,” Sara told them. “It’s a well-known fact amongst the alt-ed students here.”
“Do you know where these safe houses are?” Sara was questioned.
“Not specifically,” Sara admitted. “But Vanessa mentioned them to me, and I have the feeling that Ace and Duke are aware of them.”
Sara did add that she felt that they needed to get to the basis of her mood problems for any chance to help her. Mrs. Walters said her husband was in denial about psychiatric interventions of any kind and believed in stricter discipline. Sara was thanked for her help, and she was given Mrs. Walter’s business card if there was any further information she could share. Dr. Worth escorted Sara out, and suggested that it would be better to keep this confidential for everyone’s benefit until it could be resolved. On a last thought, Sara suggested she might want to talk with Spike’s sister, who was in 10th grade as to the specifics. Sara had a feeling she knew where Tina was hiding out.
When Sara arrived home and checked her computer, there was a message from Mark with an attachment on Mt. Strom’s ski lessons, specials and promotions. He also wrote about how much he enjoyed meeting with the family and looked forward to getting together on the slopes again. Sara’s heart did a flip-flop. She had trouble understanding these strange feelings of enchantment.

Chapter Seventeen

A few days later, word spread that Tina was found at Spike’s house, staying with his sister. Her parents managed to trick her into entering a well-known behavior hospital for children in the area. Sara knew that wouldn’t go over very well with Tina, but for now she was safe and being evaluated. She was also continuing her studies. So, perhaps she would graduate after all. Sara wished her the best. She had a lot to overcome.
The end of February brought a break in the weather, and Dad suggested they use the free ski tickets to Mt. Strom before the end of the season. Dad, Ryan, and Sara headed off, leaving Laura with Megan, who was all too glad just to remain home to rest for the day.  
Sara had e-mailed Mark with their intentions, and he was looking forward to meeting them again. Sara was dressed to the hilt with Mia’s help in a color-coordinated outfit. Mia was glad to decline accompanying them since skiing wasn’t her forte, and she promised to help with the Pastor’s twins that afternoon.
Upon their arrival, they were treated as royalty. Dad had some previous ski experience, so he easily managed the beginners’ trail. Mark double-checked their equipment and after several runs to warm-up, Sara was ready to head to the intermediate slopes. Dad and Ryan were glad to follow. Dad had no trouble, but Ryan had met his match. Twice he fell, but  he wasn’t about to concede failure after Dad and Sara made several successful runs. It was exhilarating to Sara between the speed, challenge, and scenery.
Sara wanted to try a bunny jump, but Dad discouraged her after her past accident with a sprained ankle. It was fun to watch Ryan struggle after them. So much that Sara ran smack into a fence at the end of her run.  
Mark was right there to assist her up again and asked, “Are you okay?”
Sara nodded yes, although she was totally embarrassed.
“What happened?” Mark asked. “You were doing so well.”
“I was watching for Ryan, and wasn’t looking where I was going,” Sara admitted blushing as Mark adjusted her ski boot.
“We have reservations for you for dinner. Anytime you want to quit, it’ll be ready for you,” he offered.
When Sara put her weight on her bad foot, it started to give way a little.
“We better look at this up in the lodge. Here, I’ll help you back,” Mark suggested.
Ryan was totally amused after he finally made his way down the slope and over to them. Dad was trying out another slope, so he wasn’t immediately aware. Ryan offered to find Dad while they caught the lift back to the lodge where an on staff nurse checked Sara’s ankle over.  It was fine, just a little overused and tender.
Upon his arrival, Dad was all concerned, but could tell from Sara’s smile that everything was okay. They were ready to call it a day anyway, and everyone was really hungry. So, they were escorted into the dining area and surprisingly Mark sat down with them.
“Order anything on the menu,” he offered.
They settled with their hamburger and fries deluxe. Mark was very cordial and introduced them to most of the staff there who seemed more than curious. Dad and Ryan continued to talk computer programs with him which dominated the majority of the conversation. Sara was just glad to look around and observed the busyness of the place. The lodge was cozy with a woodsy décor. Several deer and elk heads decorated the wall, and there was a bear rug in front of the roaring fireplace.
Finally, Mark attempted to draw Sara into the conversation, “So, besides your slight mishap, how do you like skiing?” he asked.
“Quite well,” Sara admitted. “I find it exhilarating when I remain on my feet, that is.”
“You have very nice form out there,” he remarked and then began to become flustered when Ryan started to laugh.
“Meaning,” he corrected himself. “That you seem to be a natural at it.”
“Let’s just say, I’m getting the hang of it,” Sara smiled.
“Well, the ski season will be ending soon and tennis season will begin. How are you at tennis?” he asked.
“I’ve played some at school, and I guess I do okay,” Sara admitted.
“She beats me every time,” Ryan interjected, “With a little more practice, she could be quite good.”
“Maybe you should join the tennis team,” Mark suggested.
“I’m needed around the house to help Laura,” Sara declined, not wanting to be committed.
 “Practice up, perhaps it will be in your future,” Mark went on. “My sister, Abbey, is getting really good at it.”
“We could hit the courts a little,” Dad commented. “I used to play tennis quite often with your mother.”
“You did,” Sara questioned. “I didn’t know that.”
“Actually she was quite good,” he admitted and then continued. “We better go home now. It’s getting late. Thanks for the hospitality.”
“Anytime, and thanks for saving my life,” Mark added and smiled at Sara.
Goodness, he is so handsome, Sara thought.

Mr. Hastings was in one of his foul moods. Sara figured he wasn’t getting enough sleep, and he was taking it out on the class. He had three kids under four, two of them twins, but as he always told them, ‘Don’t bring your problems to school.’ He obviously didn’t practice what he preached. Today, he gave them group assignments to report as news broadcasters on a current world issue. They had a week until it was due. They were supposed to pair up for this, and since Stella sat right next to Sara and Mia was absent, they ended up as a threesome. Sara wasn’t sure how this was going to play out. Their assigned subject was starvation in the African nations. Sara just bet she would get the assignment as the newscaster since Mia was too shy and Stella, in her Goth get-up, didn’t look the part.
Mia and Pastor’s family all had the flu and Sara didn’t expect much help from her, so Stella and she started to make plans. Sara invited her home after school to gather information from the computer on the subject. Stella kept commenting on what a beautiful house it was. Sara was used to it, but felt the same way when she first saw it. While they were working, Laura and Megan came home. 
Megan, who didn’t act shy at all, came over and asked, “Why are you dressed in black?  Did someone die in your family?”
“She’s a Goth,” Sara explained, hoping she would go away.
“What’s a Goth?” she persisted.
“Someone, who likes to dress in black, okay? We’re busy here; can we have a little privacy?” Sara asked.
Laura stepped in and escorted Megan in the kitchen to help with dinner. As the girls were finishing up, it began to sleet out. Stella said she didn’t mind getting wet, but Laura stopped her and offered to take her home since she had to pick something up at the store, anyway.  Stella agreed while Sara took over the dinner preparations.
When Laura returned, she was quite upset. When Sara questioned her about it, she just shook her head saying, “I think Stella is your next case.”
“Why’s that?” Sara asked
“She lives in squalid conditions. Her house should be condemned. It looked like a junkyard with a bunch of old cars and trucks strewn about the property. Her father was mad, when we arrived and he smelled of whiskey, wondering where she was. The phone was disconnected, so she had no way to contact him, even if she wanted to. It’s another sad situation,” Laura explained, shaking her head.
“I don’t know how to help her,” Sara complained and then rambled on. “She believes in Wicca, and I don’t know a thing about it to relate to her. Mia is scared of her. This is going to be some project, and Mr. Hastings would just love to see me fail.”
“You better open yourself up for this one, and see if your grandmother can help you out from another dimension. This is going to be a tough one. I’m here to do what I can for you,” Laura commented, sympathetically.
When Mia returned to school, she had a lot to do to catch up, and she wasn’t happy to be in this predicament with Stella. On the other hand, Stella volunteered to be the newscaster.  Although she was verbally adept, her appearance was definitely going to lose them some points. With a little persuasion, Sara enticed Mia to offer makeover services for Stella to dress for the part. More difficult was to persuade Stella to accept. Finally, with a little bribery of a free lunch, they set off to Goodwill to find appropriate attire at Sara’s expense. 
Since Stella was a size 8, there were many choices. After much disagreement, they settled on a professional looking black skirt with a rose colored sweater. They ended up at Sara’s house where Stella showered since Mia was certain Stella’s wasn’t working at times. Sara quickly threw Stella’s clothes in the washing machine, then dryer as they outfitted her in the new clothes. Mia dried and curled her hair and applied appropriate make-up. Using Mia’s magic, Stella looked stunningly professional and exceptionally pretty.
When they went downstairs to practice the newscast, the comments were “Wow!”
Megan asked innocently, “Why don’t you want to look pretty all the time, instead of wearing those old black things?”
She was quickly shushed and their practice began. Stella performed impressively from Sara’s written script. She definitely sounded the part. For the first time, Sara felt that they could possibly pull this off.  They were as ready as they possibly could be for Monday’s presentation. Laura drove Stella home with her new outfit and make-up. Sara just hoped it would make a difference.

Chapter Eighteen

 On Monday, Sara came prepared. Stella was almost late to class, but she entered just as the bell rang, stage dressed and even minus her face decorations. All the kids stared at her as she took her seat. It was a good thing she made it on time because Mr. Hastings didn‘t tolerate tardiness unless it was his own. Sara’s group was the first one to present. She had prepared the script to turn in, and Mia helped to direct the production. 
Stella did an outstanding job of presentation by being articulate and professional sounding with a good factual basis. The kids in the class were given evaluation forms for suggestions and opinions, but Mr. Hastings would present the final grade. At the end of the newscast, Mia provided information where contributions could be made through her church to directly assist with starvation in Africa. Now, they could only wait for their final grade.
There were three more presentations, none of which Sara believed, topped theirs. They were given the class evaluations and reviewed them together at lunch.
“Look at these,” Sara remarked, “Sexy newscaster, better than Katie Couric, great presentation for a boring subject.”
“How can starvation in Africa be boring?” Mia exclaimed with frustration.
“You have to look at the source,” Sara reminded Mia. “Anyway, most of the evaluations were favorable. Of course, we were the first one and there was nothing to compare us to.”
“Well, at least, you got a new outfit and perhaps a future career out of this,” Mia suggested, hopefully.
“Maybe, I will join drama club and see where it takes me,” Stella replied.
“You do have a gift; you might as well go with it,” Sara suggested.
Their grades came out at the end of the week, and the trio received a B. They felt gypped, but expected the worse. Mr. Hastings’ comments involved mainly criticism of the written material, not the presentation itself. It was difficult for him to say anything favorable. Sara was just glad the experience was positive for Stella. Maybe this would help with her self-esteem and encourage her in the right direction in life.  Perhaps, some contributions would be donated to ease the starvation in the world, Mia hoped.  Then, it would have been successful, despite Mr. Hastings. 
	
Spring was in the air.  The weather fluctuated between warm and cold spells. They still had some snowfall, but it usually melted within a couple of days. There were crocuses beginning to peek out of the ground, and Megan and Sara even saw their first robin. It had been a long winter and spring fever began to affect them all. The teachers called it vernal lassitude, especially with spring break occurring right after mid-semester exams.
Since their break coincided with Dad’s school, he talked about taking a trip. He and Laura wanted to get away one last time before the baby was born. They all voted on Disney World, which was only an hour’s drive from Laura’s parent’s winter rental. They were packed and ready to go. Dad rented an extended van which could hold a week’s belongings for a family of five. It would be a long two-day drive, but with video games, an iPod and a small DVD player for Megan, they were electronically prepared.
When they finally arrived, following a multitude of bathroom stops and an overnight stay in South Carolina, everyone was bursting with energy, except for Laura. She could barely walk after sitting so long. Nan and Bud’s condo association had a swimming pool, which they eagerly used to expend their pent-up energy. 
The next day, Dad, Ryan, and Sara rented a sailboat for a Gulf excursion. It was fairly calm, but even so, the swells of the sea made it challenging. Dad had previous experience on a sailboat, but poor Ryan didn’t have sea legs and ended up barfing. Of course, Sara had to ask him if he was experiencing morning sickness. He was too green to answer. 
They were able to spot some dolphins, and enjoyed observing other sailboats and sea vessels. It was not too soon to end the two-hour excursion for Ryan. Sara couldn’t help laughing. Especially, as they were pulling into the harbor where all the people were sightseeing and enjoying the views, when Ryan had to let go one last time. Sara could hear the simultaneous groans. That was it for Ryan and boats for a while. Sara figured it would take at least one whole year for him to recuperate, and a lifetime before she would let him forget about it. At least, Dad and she had fun.
The next day Dad, Ryan, Megan, and Sara set off for Disney World. Laura was just too exhausted from the ride down and was glad to remain at her parent’s house. They planned to stay overnight, so they had time to visit both the park, especially the Harry Potter theme area and the Epcot Center. Megan was just enthralled with the Disney characters, especially Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs which were her favorite. Sara was elected to escort Megan on the kiddies’ rides while Dad and Ryan explored the high tech exhibits. They rode the Wildlife Express Train, visited the petting zoos in the Affection Center and witnessed the Mickey Jungle Parade. It was only later that Ryan took over with Megan, so Dad and Sara could experience Space Mountain, Primeval Whirl and the more exhilarating rides. After yesterday, Ryan still wasn’t into it. They stayed up late to enjoy the Fantasmic together, featuring Mickey Mouse, and the fireworks finale of the night.
By the second day, it was getting hot and Megan was exhausted.  So, they just wondered about and went to the Disney shows which were inside to cool off.  Dad and Ryan did the same in the tech center. Dad had to read every little thing in every display. Sara was glad just to follow Megan around. They went shopping to buy souvenirs, mostly sweatshirts and tee shirts. Towards dinnertime, they were ready to head back to Nan and Bud’s place. Laura was wise to remain at home with her feet up. It was a long, hot, but fascinating experience. Who would guess that vacations could be so exhausting?
The next day, everyone just relaxed by the pool and had a barbecue. Sara was working on her tan, so the kids would be jealous back home. But first, Sara had to go through the pain of sunburn, even with sun block. Ryan always beat her out in that area since he was the golden boy and ended up with a nice tan.
They decided to head back Friday, so they could have a day of rest before beginning school and work. On the way, Dad stopped at a plantation for a quick tour and Southern style meal before they drove far into the night. Dad arrived home near midnight on Saturday and they just hit the sack, without even unpacking the car. Mystic, who was being taken care of by Mia, survived their absence and slept on Sara’s pillow the entire night without moving. 

Sara had traveling out of her system for a while, and she was glad to return to school to visit with her friends. She had done well on her mid-semester exams and her grades remained consistent with last semesters. Sara was concerned when Stella missed the following week of school upon their return. She knew something was wrong, but she was unable to contact her since her phone was disconnected. No one at school knew of her whereabouts, either.
When Dad returned home from work Friday afternoon, on time for once, Sara persuaded him to take her to Stella’s place to check on her. Dad, like Laura, was very unimpressed with the junkyard appearance. Sara noted the pick-up was gone and the house looked vacated, except for a dog barking. 
Sara threw the dog a couple of peanut butter cookies she brought along, and they became instantaneous friends. It had warmed up a bit, so at least the dog wasn’t cold being outside. Sara knocked on the door.			
“Stella, Stella, it’s me, Sara. Open up, will you?” she called.
Sara saw a curtain move before Stella unlatched the door. She looked disheveled and scared.
“I’ve been worried about you. Are you feeling okay?” Sara asked.
“No, I’ve had the flu,” she replied, coughing.
“You can’t fool me, Stella. Something’s wrong,” Sara stated. “Where’s your Dad?”
“Who’s that with you?” she asked, cautiously. 
“Just my dad. He’s harmless.”
“You didn’t bring anyone else, did you?” 
“No. Trust me. Can I come in?” Sara suggested.
Stella hesitated for a minute and stated, “I don’t think you want to.”
“Why’s that?”
“The water and the gas were turned off, and it’s pretty bad in here.”
 Sara could tell from the odor.
“How are you staying warm?” Sara asked, concerned.
“We still have electricity for now, and we have a heater and a fireplace.”
“Where’s your dad?” Sara insisted.
“In jail.”
“What for?”
“His 3rd drunken driving offense and possession of a controlled substance,” Stella reported, embarrassed while hacking away.
“Does anybody know you’re here alone?”
Stella shook her head, “The truant officer came by yesterday, but I just hid.”
“You can’t stay here by yourself. Isn’t there anywhere else you can go?” Sara asked.
She shook her head no. “I can’t leave my dog here alone. She’s all I’ve got.”
“Hold on a second,” Sara said as she went back to Dad, who was just getting out of the truck.
Sara quickly explained the circumstances to him. “We can’t just leave her, but she won’t leave her dog.”
“She needs to see the doctor first, before she gets pneumonia,” Dad stated. “Pile them in and we’ll figure this out at home.”
“Even the dog?” Sara asked.
“We’ll put her in the greenhouse for now,” Dad suggested.
Stella had close to nothing to pack. It didn’t take much to realize that she had been in her clothes for quite some time.
Poor Laura. She didn’t say much about Stella, but the dog was another thing. Megan was afraid of it, and Mystic hid amidst all of the commotion. The only one to bond was Ryan who fed and played with her. She was receptive to his attention and a substantial meal. The next job was to de-flea her. This was one more problem to add to their crazy household.
The first thing they did was to put Stella in the shower and give her some of Laura’s pre-pregnancy clothes to wear since they were about the same size, unlike Sara, who was taller. They had a quick meal of left over fried chicken. Then Dad and Sara took her to Urgent Care to get an antibiotic for her bronchitis. Next, they called Social Services and left a message. A caseworker returned their call the following morning and investigated the case.
Stella was right. Her dad was in jail, unable to post bond. Her house was condemned, and now they had to figure out what to do with Stella. In the meantime, she and her dog, Dally, would stay with them. Social Services gave them some money for her care and the first place they went was shopping. This was a task for Mia, who came along to assist. The second place they went was to the Beauty Shop for a cut and style. Her blue-black dye job was washed out and beneath it was a dark brown hair. Mia suggested putting in a lighter streak in the front which brought out the gold flecks in her light brown eyes. What a difference it made!
“You’re like a totally different person!” Mia exclaimed and the beautician agreed.
“I guess we better call it a day since we spent all of your money,” Sara suggested. 
Dad picked them up and dropped Mia off at the parsonage. After they returned home, Sara and Stella decided to take Dally, her dog, for a run.  
“I’ll show you my favorite hideaway trail,” Sara offered as they climbed up to a special perch on the mountainside. “Here, we can watch the sun set and it’s really private.”
They sat down on a ledge as Sara continued, “We can see forever from here. My house is east and the school is just west of it.”
“I have a private cave I like to visit also near my home. When my dad was drunk or high on something, I’d take off. In the summer, sometimes Dally and I would just camp out overnight. I’d also like to be close to nature when I do my spells.”
“Who taught you all this Wicca?” Sara asked.
I lived with my grandmother before she died a few years back, and I found this book at a yard sale. She had lots of stuff to use with it. Some of the spells would be quite complicated, but it was fun to experiment with them,” Stella explained. “When I came to live with my dad, there wasn’t much around, except the basics. So, I just depended on being close to nature and using whatever I could find.”
“What did your grandmother think about it?” Sara asked.
“Oh, she didn’t know. She was a strict Baptist,” Stella replied and then continued. “Since, you are supposedly psychic, do you believe in reincarnation?”
“I’ve never given it much thought, but I’ve always felt close to my great great great grandmother, who was hanged during the Salem witch trials. Let’s say I can identify with her pain of being an outcast at times,” Sara explained. “How about you?”
“I’ve always thought I was an Indian in my past life. I feel so close to nature and the earth. It’s the only time I can feel peace in my soul. That is why I believe in Wicca. It’s different, but has many similarities to the way the Indians identified with their Gods and spirits.”
“Do you have any Indian in your blood?” Sara asked.
“Yes, on my father’s side, I believe.”
“What about your mother?”
“I never knew her. I never knew about her. My dad or grandmother never mentioned her. My grandmother said my dad just brought me home and dropped me off when I was a baby. After grandma died, she left everything to him, like the house. It wasn’t much, but I was part of the package. It was all gone in two years. Dad had a couple of bad habits, lots of gambling debts and court costs. The last time he was caught, not only did he get a DUI, but he was also driving with a suspended license and had marijuana in the car. He’s going to be doing hard time for this. I know it,” Stella explained.
“Why didn’t you tell someone?” Sara asked, sympathetically.
“I was waiting for him to come home and when he didn’t after a week, you showed up,” Stella explained. “That was when we were running out of food, even for Dally. She‘s the only thing I have left that really cares for me. Aren’t you girl?” she asked, giving her a pat on the head.
“She’s really a very good dog,” Sara commented, scratching her behind the ears. “How did you come by her?”
“She just showed up at my place. Someone must have dumped her when she was a pup. She’s been with me ever since. That’s why I didn’t want to leave. I have to take care of her,” Stella explained. “I don’t care about me. I just couldn’t bear to lose my best friend.” She gave Dally a big hug.
“We better get back. It’s getting late,” Sara observed. “The sunset is beautiful.”
Stella nodded in agreement, “That’s why I like to be close to nature.” She called to Dally to follow them home.

Chapter Nineteen

Stella’s caseworker was doing her best to find a placement for Stella, within the school district, but none were available. Although Sara was fond of her, it was another person in their midst who added to their present chaos. Sara cherished her private time. She was sure Stella did too, and this was a big adjustment for everyone.
Stella’s dad was sentenced to a year in prison. Even upon his release, no one believed Stella should return to his care. His episodes of alcoholism and drugs caused him to be abusive as noted by some residual bruising on Stella. He was unstable and unpredictable. 
Stella was used to her own schedule and living on her own terms, so following the rules presented a challenge.   
One day, Laura took Sara aside and asked her, “Have you noticed anything missing, or is it just my imagination?”
“I am missing my iPod, but I thought I misplaced it. I’ve been looking for it.”
“I’m missing some money in my wallet that I swear I had,” she observed. “I was specifically taking it to work to buy some raffle tickets.”
“Ryan has been complaining that someone has been into his games, and you know it wasn’t us.  We don’t dare do that,” Sara went on.
“We’re going to have to watch Stella very closely,” Laura suggested, sadly.
At dinner, Laura casually brought up the subject, asking if anyone borrowed $20.00 from her since she seemed to be missing it. Sara added in that she misplaced her new iPod and asked if anyone had seen it. Although nobody confessed, Sara could feel Stella’s discomfort. 
One day, when Stella was out, Sara decided to search her room for her iPod. It was nowhere in sight. Sara had the feeling Stella had sold it, but she wanted to make sure she wasn’t wrong. Finally, Sara confronted her, but Stella became angry.
“Just because I’m poor and into Wicca, you’re going to blame me,” she threw it back into Sara’s face defensively and then added, “You probably took it to school and lost it.”
“You can probably use that response with anyone else, but you can’t use it with me,” Sara reminded her.
“I’m innocent until proven guilty,” Stella challenged.
“I wouldn’t bite the hand that feeds you,” Sara responded, attempting to control her temper. After that, they barely talked and it became all that more tense.
Poor Mia became her sounding board, but Sara was still unable to prove it. Mia sympathized and explained that she realized how it was to be poor and not to have nice things.
Sara asked her, “Did you ever steal from your mother?”
“All the time when she was drunk, and I needed money for food. She would have just spent it on alcohol or cigarettes anyway,” Mia admitted.
“I swear that’s what she smells like sometimes. Anyway, you did it to survive and because your mother was sick. We give Stella everything she needs,” Sara explained, frustrated.
“For now, but she doesn’t know if it will last or she could be a kleptomaniac,” Mia suggested. “She needs psychological help. Look how she lived before!”
“I’ll have Laura talk with the social worker,” Sara remarked.
Although they tried to respect her Wiccan ways, Stella kept breaking the rules by lighting candles in the house. If it wasn’t for Mystic warning Sara of a candle dangerously left lit, Granny’s house might have become history. Sara was getting totally frustrated. Dad and Laura reviewed the rules with all of them at a family meeting with Stella agreeing to the terms, but she would just ignore them to do her own thing.
One day, near dinnertime, Dad received a call from the police to come and pick up Stella. She was outside a convenience store, offering to pay a ‘guy’ to buy her some booze and cigarettes. The ‘guy’ happened to be an undercover policeman, so Stella was totally busted. Ryan checked his stash of money and found about $25.00 missing. Needless to say, Dad and Laura were not happy, particularly with Laura not feeling well. She didn’t need these extra problems. No one did.
Finally, they had a talk with the social worker, who promised to look into another placement. They felt horrible because they wanted to do right by her and felt sorry for her. But, it was becoming very stressful for the entire family. Before the week ended, Ryan found the rest of his stash missing and Stella gone. She had run off to live with Spike, who was recently released from Juvie and his sister, whom she knew from her ’Goth’ stage.  At least, it was reported that Spike was working at a car lube place in the next town. This also meant Stella dropped out of school, but at least her 16th birthday was coming up in a couple of weeks and it would be legal. I guess she didn’t think about Dally who was left behind.
“What are we going to do now?” Sara commiserated with her dad.
“It’s out of our hands,” he responded. ”We tried, but she had too much baggage.”
“I feel that I failed her,” Sara said, despondently.
“Remember your grandmother telling you that you could only provide so much guidance, but it was up to the person to either accept or reject it,” Laura reminded me.
“Stella wasn’t ready to make the right choices. Some people, for whatever reasons, have to learn things the hard way.”
“What are we going to do with Dally?” Sara asked.
“We’ll give that a week, and then try to find her a new home. Megan’s afraid of her, because she so big and it’s just one more thing to deal with when the baby arrives,” Dad commented.
“I know,” Sara agreed. “I’ll mention this to Spike’s sister tomorrow at school, and hopefully it will get back to Stella before we have to give her away.  In that way, it will be Stella’s choice.”
“How about my missing, hard earned money?” Ryan complained.
“I’ll replace it,” Dad promised.

The house suddenly became a lot quieter. Sara didn’t realize how loud Stella could be, until now. They all relished the peace and normalcy. At school, it seemed strange with Stella’s seat empty, next to Sara in Mr. Hastings’ class. Change, whether good or bad, always took a while to get used to. Sara just felt sorry for all the talent and potential that Stella was throwing away. Sara was glad for Mia’s company since she was a true friend and a good listener. Mia knew how badly Sara felt about the entire situation, but reminded her that she wasn’t able to save the world. They just had to accept some things. Sara realized she was right, but she still felt like a failure.
When Sara returned home after school, she noticed Dally was gone with her bowls, bedding and food. So, she knew Stella received her message. She also noticed the house disheveled. When she looked around, more of her personal things were gone including the cookie jar money and Sara’s allowance money. They would have to thoroughly search the house for any other missing items. That night, Dad and Ryan went to the hardware store and changed the locks. That was the finality to the saga of Stella. Now, they were ready to move on.

Chapter Twenty

Spring had finally sprung. The tulips were up, and the trees were beginning to bud. The days were consistently warmer and the snow was permanently replaced by rain. Everyone was out and about, enjoying the weather. Easter was Sara’s favorite holiday since it revolved around the theme of new life. It was later this year, but this meant the weather would be better for the town’s Easter egg hunt which Megan enjoyed. Sara took Mia clothes shopping for her 15th birthday present. It was a time of renewal and new beginnings which Sara so desperately needed. 
School was going well without any major problems for once. They were dissecting frogs in Biological Science, presenting class plays in Spanish, writing poetry for English and Sara was continuing to hang in there with Algebra and World Issues, which she was enjoying more than she would admit. When they began tennis in PE, Sara thought of Mark. She hadn’t heard from him recently, but then again, she didn’t respond to his last e-mail. Sara thought she would dare to send him a few updates and ask him how his tennis matches were going.  She had nothing to lose. In the meantime, Dad would take her to the courts to rally just for the fun of it.	
One day after gym class, Sara heard the usual, “Neuman, will you step over here for a minute.” 
Sara couldn’t help thinking this was deja vue or something. She had just gone through this last fall. It was just her luck that her PE teacher coached both cross-country and the tennis teams.
“You’ve got a pretty good forearm there. Thought you might think about joining tennis team with us. With a little instruction, you could be on varsity by next year. How about it?” Coach asked.
“I haven’t given it much thought,” Sara said. “But, I’ll have to pass it by my parents first.”
“Do that,” she stated.
Sara was hesitant to broach the subject with Dad, considering Laura’s condition and the need for extra help. But, Dad told her it would be good for her to get involved with something new.
“How about Laura and dinner?” Sara asked.
“Luckily, she has a sit down job. Ryan and I will just have to pitch in more,” he conceded. 
So, it was set. Sara was part of the JV tennis team.  It was her type of sport since it was fast pace, and she had to react more than concentrate. It was when Sara overly concentrated on something that it would get her into trouble. It was also another way to release some of her pent up energy, and it gave her something in common to discuss with Mark.
“When Sara asked Dad if Mark had a girlfriend, he responded that he had lots of girlfriends, not one specifically that he was aware of. He mentioned that Mark asked him about Sara one day, and he told him about her making the tennis team. That impressed him. 
“Wow,” Sara thought. “Then, he has been thinking about me.”  
That made her braver to return an e-mail about her tennis experiences. Mark then asked if she could practice with him on her school’s tennis courts sometime since he had an upcoming match and wanted to get the feel of the courts here. Sara thought school tennis courts were all the same, but it was a good enough excuse for Sara. So, she had an official date for Saturday and for once it wasn’t supposed to rain this weekend.
Mark was as tall and handsome looking in his tennis gear as he was in his ski patrol uniform. He drove up in a ‘68 cherry apple red Mustang convertible with the top down. It was perfect for the warm day in the latter part of April. He, Dad, and Ryan chatted a little while Sara packed some drinks and snacks before they took off. Of course, they could have walked, but she had never been in a Mustang convertible before and it felt so cool.
The courts were empty, so they had a choice. Soon, they began with rallying. Mark was pretty easy on the serves. Sara felt she could have been knocked over if he used full power. She managed to hold her own as anxious as she felt. Then, they switched courts, so he could get use to the ones that had cracks and crevices. He wanted a feel of them all. They didn’t actually play a game, thank goodness, but as Sara warmed up, she began to return them with a little more force. Then, Mark gave Sara instructions on improving her serve and backhand which came in handy.
“I think I might have a chance to actually win my match next week,” Sara admitted.
“I’m only doing this because you’re on JV and my sister is on the varsity,” he laughed. “Or my sister might kill me. Actually you have natural ability. You’d probably be good at any sport you try with being coordinated and all.”
“If only I had a time to develop a talent with so much going on in my life,” Sara remarked as they rested on the bench with a sports drink.
“Well, looks as if I have a feel for the courts now. How about getting something to eat, my treat?  I owe you one from last time,” Mark persuaded.
“There is a pizza place down the road,” Sara suggested.
“I was thinking more like a picnic, so we can enjoy this beautiful day,” he suggested.
“They have take-out chicken, also,” she mentioned.
“Sounds good and I have just the place to go,” Mark replied.
With that, they ended up at Highland State Park about 10 miles south of town on a scenic route.
“We used to come here as kids with my grandparents. It brings back memories,” he reminisced and then changed the subject rather abruptly. “I always wanted to know how you do what you do.”
“Such as,” Sara questioned, hesitantly.
“Like knowing things,” he went on.
“It’s a gift I inherited from my mother’s side,” Sara revealed, trying not to go into too much detail.
“Your grandmother had quite a reputation, even across county lines,” he commented.
“That doesn’t surprise me. She was quite the talented person, and she tried very hard to teach me how to understand this gift before she passed away,” Sara explained.
“Exactly, what is it that you do?” he continued.
“Well,” Sara began. “At times, I have insight as to things, but it’s unpredictable. I can’t tell fortunes or anything. I, sometimes, have a knowing as to certain things happening.”
“Like our furnace being cracked,” Mark interjected.
“It began when you helped me up, when I fell during skiing. It gave me an unsettling feeling, but I didn’t know what it was at the time. I actually dreamed that later,” Sara confessed.
“Can you talk with the dead?” he asked.
“No, but my grandmother could. Sometimes, though, things come through as intuition, indirectly.”
“So, what happened with the computer at your house the other day?” Mark continued.
“I have a problem with telekinesis, whereby if I concentrate too much or become agitated, it can make things happen. I’ve gotten in a lot of trouble with that, but Granny says that will pass as I mature. I sure hope so.”
“What kind of trouble?” Mark asked.
When Sara reiterated her school experiences regarding her teachers and computers, he laughed and kidded, “I sure don’t want to get on the wrong side of you. Did that have anything to do with the cross-country meet?”
“Oh, that,” Sara said, somewhat embarrassed. “Nothing was done intentionally. I was concentrating so hard on the finish line, that’s all. What did your sister have to say?”
“There felt like a ferocious wind of energy that made her lose her balance,” he remarked. “But then again, she hadn’t been feeling well because of the carbon monoxide leak.”
“Here,” Mark said, taking her hand. “Do you feel any more imminent danger?”
“I’ll let you know,” Sara responded, not wanting to admit the tingly feeling that was spreading throughout her entire body.
That night Sara had sweet dreams. Perhaps, it was just that spring is a time for love. She was so confused, she didn’t know how to feel, but Sara knew she didn’t want it to end.

Chapter Twenty-One

With all her tennis practice, Sara actually did very well in competition. She was ranked somewhere in the middle, but won more matches than she lost. 
As coach commented, “Keep it up, Neuman, and you’ll be a candidate for the most improved player.”
Why not, Sara thought, when she had an outstanding instructor who totally motivated her.  The following week, Sara received an e-mail from Mark inviting her to his match held against her school on Friday afternoon. Since this was the school where Dad worked, they attended it together. It felt awkward rooting against her school for Mark to win. But, she didn’t have to for long since it was a very lopsided match with Mark and his team easily winning the tournament. This put Mark in a very good mood. Dad invited him over to their house since it was pizza night, but Mark had to respectively decline since he had to accompany his team home on the bus as the team’s captain. Rules are rules, but he promised to keep in touch. Sara was disappointed, but it was Mother’s Day weekend, so they had plans to get together with Nan and Bud, who were back from Florida.
The next day as they were cleaning the house, Mia stopped over very upset. Sara took a break to sit with her on the front porch swing.
“I heard from my mother,” Mia began in her typical direct approach. “She wants us to get together.”
“Is that bad?” Sara questioned.
“Only that she wants us to live together, again,” she responded as Sara’s eyes widened.
“How is that possible?” Sara asked.
“She’s out of rehab, looking for an apartment, and she wants us together as a family,” Mia went on.
“What do you think about that?” Sara asked.
“That’s it. I don’t know what to think. I haven’t seen her in two years,” Mia explained. “I don’t know if I can ever trust her, again. She says she’s doing well on her meds, but she’s been in a halfway house, where she’s been monitored. Now that she’s working at Burger Barn full time, she wants us to try to be a family again.”
“What does Pastor have to say about this?” Sara inquired.
“He seems to think we should get together to visit at least,” Mia said. “But it would be between me and social services at this point.”
“So, you have a choice?”
“For now, but this is confidential, it’s been rumored that Pastor might be transferred to a larger church. He’s been interviewing.”
“Wow,” Sara commented, sharing in her pain. “Either way, I could lose you. Both Ryan and I will be crushed.”
“No more than I’ll be,” Mia sniffled as Sara gave her a hug. 
“Let me know how it goes after the visit with your mom.”
“I will, and promise me not to say anything to Ryan until I know more.”
“Cross my heart and hope not to cry,” Sara said.
“I know what you mean.”

Nan and Bud came with their Puggle puppy for a Mother’s Day barbecue. Dad, Ryan, Bud, and Sara put together a feast, allowing the two ladies to relax and chat while Megan played with the puppy. 
Sara could hear Laura remark that she was outgrowing her maternity clothes, and if she got any bigger she would have to borrow Dad’s boxer shorts to get by as the ladies laughed hysterically. But, at that moment, Sara wasn’t sure she ever wanted to be pregnant, watching all that Laura has gone through. She was getting so big; she needed help off the couch now. So, this was her day to be spoiled and served.
Sara presented Laura with a crocheted baby blanket in yellow and white which Granny had taught her how to make. Nan admired the intricate handi-work. Ryan gave her a gift certificate to her favorite restaurant, and Sara helped Megan make some crocheted doilies for both Laura and Nan. Sara wanted to pass along Granny’s craft to Megan. It gave them some quality time together, especially, when she made some darling cards that Nan and Laura just loved.
Dad was proud to show Nan the newly decorated nursery he had been working on; everything was set up and ready to go.
Nan asked again, confused, “It’s blue. I thought you didn’t know what the baby was going to be.”
“I didn’t need a sonogram for that information. We have Sara here,” Laura reminded her.
“And if she’s wrong, she gets to repaint the room in pink,” Dad pitched in.
“Thanks, just put the pressure on,” Sara stated, and they all laughed.
“Only three weeks to go,” Nan reminded her.
Laura declared that this felt like the worst case of elephantiasis she’s ever experienced.
“I can tell, there’s a big one cooking in there,” Bud kidded. “Pretty soon you’ll be needing a hoist to get you up and going.”
“We, Neuman boys, only come in big sizes,” Dad bragged.
“How about the Neuman girls?” Ryan chipped in.
“What about the Neuman girls?” Sara asked him face to face.
“Just that they sure can hold their own,” he commented, backing off slowly.
“Okay, it’s time to eat, everyone,” Dad said, changing the subject.
Sara was proud that they definitely outdid themselves with this barbecue, but couldn’t help wondering how Mia’s visitation was going with her mother.

Mia didn’t come to school on Monday and Sara worried about her all day. So, after school, she walked over to the parsonage where she was greeted by Pastor Ken’s wife and four- year-old twins, who were absolutely adorable and getting bigger by the day. Sara was told Mia wasn’t back from her visit yet, which made Sara worry all that much more. Sara asked that Mia call her as soon as she returned, and it was promised the message would be passed along.
It seemed like an interminable wait, but finally Mia knocked on the door at 7:30 pm that evening. Ryan was still at his stock job at the supermarket. They went up to Sara’s room and lay on her bed to talk.
“How was it?” Sara asked.
“Better than expected, I guess. She’s still at the halfway house, but will be discharged soon. She’ll be ready to find an apartment soon,” Mia began. “She’s been working steady now for about two months at her job which is a good sign.”
“Have you discussed your living arrangements with her?” Sara pursued.
“Her goal is for us to be together. That hasn’t changed, but I don’t want to change schools. I’ve had too many changes, and just when I’m settled and happy, it will mean another change. I don’t know if I can deal with it all,” Mia rambled on with concern.
“Do you have any immediate plans?” Sara asked.
“We’re just going to visit every other weekend and see how it goes for now,” Mia explained. “She needs to stay on her medication and attend AA meetings consistently. I don’t know if she can do it. Any little thing can set her off. But, we’ll see. She says she really misses me.”
“Have you missed her?”
“I miss all that we could have had, but definitely not how I was living at the time. I don’t want to go back to that.”
“I don’t blame you.”
“Pastor had a second interview with this church in Fairfax, Virginia. I think he’s really going to take it if offered. It would be a big step up for him,” Mia bemoaned. “Well, I better be going. It’s getting late. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Ryan was coming in as Mia was leaving. She gave him a quick hug and then was gone.
“What’s the matter with Mia?” he asked. “She seems really down.”
“Oh, nothing much. She just has a lot going on right now. Good night,” Sara commented as she hurried upstairs to study.

Sara was glad to be involved in another tennis tournament at their home courts. This time it was with Elk Valley schools. She was matched against their best JV player. It was a close match, but her heart and energy level just wasn’t in it. A thunderstorm was closing in, and Sara’s concentration was always affected by its static force. The last game kept going back and forth, but her opponent was persistent and outwitted Sara with a fancy net move.
“Good game,” Coach Young said, but Sara knew coach was thinking that she could have won if she had held on. Sara just had too much on her mind and concentration affects the competitor. Sara just wasn’t into it today. The JVs lost the tournament, but it wasn’t totally because of her, thank goodness.
That night, Sara sat down with Laura to confide in her about her concerns with Mia. Laura could read both of them, and from bits and pieces, knew something was happening with Mia. She was an empathetic listener, but there were no good solutions right now. She just mentioned that sometimes we just had to have faith that everything would work out. 
With that, Sara went upstairs to work on her English assignment of poetry writing. Sara decided to use one she had written last year when she was desperately depressed. It was cathartic to put her feelings in writing at the time. Now, she was just too confused to think straight. Sara pulled out her folder and read them over, before she selected her favorite and practiced reading it aloud.


When You Shoot the Messenger

Let’s just shoot the messenger
It’s the easiest thing to do
No one wants to hear the truth..
The what, the why, the who..

It’s easier not to deal with it
Or place the blame elsewhere..
Perhaps it’s just the messenger
Who’s the only one who cares.

It’s the one who takes the chance
Of exposing what is right
Who portrays a better way
Or detects an oversight..

Becomes the very target of..
The ones who cannot stand
To see the very need for change
A better way for man.

Let’s just shoot the messenger
Right through the heart and soul
If status quo is what you want
And silence is your goal.

This brought back memories when she was getting in trouble for warning others of future consequences. It was during a time of deep stress. This was the poem that was the most meaningful to her. Sara would have to ask Mia how she was coming along with hers, and then, they could practice together for the oral presentation.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Tennis season was over. Sara had won five matches and lost three. That wasn’t bad considering this was her first year of competition. She was sure she could do much better next year, but for now, she was just glad to be finished with everything else happening.
Mia came to school all upset. “It’s official,” she reported, looking as though she was going to cry. “Pastor took the job in Virginia, and he’s going to announce it at church this Sunday. It begins July 1st. I don’t know what I’m going to do.”
     “I’m sorry,” Sara said, giving her a hug. “We’ll think of something. It’s going to be all right, I know.”
 “Is that a promise?” she asked.
 “I hope so. I really hope so,” Sara responded.
 “I’ve been so upset; I haven’t been able to write a poem, yet. I can’t even think straight,” she moaned.
“Come to my house and we will be able to figure something out. That, I can promise,” Sara said.
Mia came over and Sara showed her poems to her and said, “Pick one.”
“Just take one? Wouldn’t that be cheating? It wouldn’t be mine.”
“Actually I am giving one to you as a belated birthday gift. Now, we can make changes to personalize it. Here, this one has too many stanzas. Let’s work on it to shorten it and make it yours.”
Mia read it over and remarked, “This is really good and it is meaningful to my situation.”
They spent about half an hour revising it. Finally, Mia practiced it aloud.


Get Over It and Get on with Life

Get over it and get on with life
This may seem simply said.
However, the alternatives
May be far worse, instead.

It is without saying
That life can be unfair
Though seldom are we given,
More than we can bear.

It does no good to dwell
On things that could have been
Since one can never tell
How it would turn out again.

Put all that pent-up energy
Into something worthwhile
Then every step you shall take
Will soon become a mile.

Solutions come to meet our goals
or
Perhaps it’s meant to be
Whatever toll upon our soul
Prepares us for eternity.

When injustice comes your way
Causing much excessive strife.
Get over it in a useful way
And make the most of life!

As they were finishing up, Ryan burst into my room.
“Excuse me, don’t you believe in knocking first?” Sara scolded him.
“Understand you’re giving out original poetry. I’m next in line,” he said as they looked at him shocked.
“You mean Mr. A student needs a little help in this department?” Sara asked, sarcastically.
“Let’s just say, it’s payback time for all the help I gave you in computer lab and math class last year. Poetry isn’t my thing,” he confessed.
“Fine, here’s another one. Change it around any way you want to make it yours,” Sara tossed over ‘Part of the Team’ which had a sports based theme.
While they practiced theirs aloud, Ryan edited his and commented, “This doesn’t sound half bad. Listen up and tell me what you think” Then, he continued…


We may be out in right field
Far from the inner core
Close to the sound of cheers and jeers
Amidst the noise galore.

We may not know what goes on
Within the inner field,
The various signs and secret plays
Or goals of what they’ll yield.

The inner field is often tight
And center of attention
What possible could the outfield cite
Worthy to be mentioned?

Yet far out in our position
We get a different view
From various perspectives
That could be valuable to you.

We’ve played on many teams before
We’ve learned from all that’s done
We know the numerous strategies
That can make us number one!

Don’t shut us out in right field
Away from all the rest
Listen to what we have to say
So, we can be the best.

Sitting on our laurels
Is the worst thing we can do
We can only strive and thrive
By trying out what’s new.

Being out in right field
Where awards are seldom seen
We, too, want the very best
To keep us a winning team!

“Didn’t change much,” Sara commented, looking it over.
“Didn’t have to,” he replied. “It’s just right, thanks.”
“Now you’re back to owing me one.”
“Anytime,” he said.

Life can be so ironic. Ryan received an A+ for his poem and won the poetry contest while Mia and Sara both got an A-.  Sara came to believe that sometimes teachers are just conditioned to expect honor students to do A+ work, regardless. Of course since Ryan was on the school newspaper, it was published. Sara had to read over Mia’s poem to remind her to look for the positives in life. She knew it was her fault for giving him the winning poem, but she rationalized that it was better than sitting in her folder in her drawer. Sara should, at least, be thankful for that. And it was to be their little secret, but boy o boy, did Ryan owe Sara a big one, and she was going to make him pay big time!

Chapter Twenty-Three

Mia was gone over Memorial Day weekend and Ryan had to work, so Sara stayed around the house to help out. Laura planned to work up to the week she was due, but she didn’t think she was going to make it with all the Braxton-Hicks, she was experiencing. Laura said this type of false labor was normal since it was preparing her body for birth. She seemed to be quite calm and relaxed. 
Next week, the New York City trip for the youth group’s end of the year outing was scheduled. But Dad, who was supposed to chaperone and Sara opted out, wanting to be close to home in case Laura needed them. Sara had already been to New York City a couple of times when her dad worked there. Mia and Ryan were still scheduled to go, but they didn’t want to take any chances either. Sara knew she needed to stay home and help around the house, so Laura could rest.
Mia was to meet with her social worker to discuss options. Since Pastor was going out of state and Mia wanted to stay in this school district, it had to be worked out. 
Sara had just about forgotten about Mark when she received an e-mail from him. Dad reported that he had gone to the prom with a cheerleader, so Sara had given up hope of ever hearing from him again. Yet, he wanted to get together for tennis this weekend. Sara was free with nothing to do, so they set it up for Saturday. She invited him to their house for a cook-out afterwards, nothing fancy.
Mark arrived on time in his Mustang convertible, and they headed for the school tennis courts. They rallied awhile and then decided to play a game. Sara knew he was going easy on her, but she managed to hold her own.
“You’ve really improved,” he remarked.
“That’s what my coach said, but I only won 2/3 of my matches,” Sara replied.
Mark offered to instruct her which she enjoyed, but it was difficult to concentrate with him so close. If Sara practiced this summer and ran in cross-country this fall to keep in condition, she could possibly make varsity. It depended on how much effort she was willing to put into it.
They sat down under a tree with their sports drinks. Sara asked him, casually, what he had been up to. He mentioned he was busy. His team came in first in the district, but bombed out in the state finals.
“So, what are you planning to do all summer?” Sara asked.
“Lifeguard. Mt. Strom has a water recreational area that includes a wave pool, waterslides, some kiddie rides and a picnic area. You probably didn’t notice with all the snow when you visited,” Mark revealed.
Sara admitted she hadn’t. When he asked what her plans for the summer were, she hadn’t any, besides helping Laura with the baby. Sara then asked about his senior year and future college plans.
“I hope to get a tennis scholarship to the University of Pennsylvania, a satellite close to home, so I can continue to work for the family at Mt. Strom,” Mark answered. “You’ll have to come to picnic and swim. We officially open the pools June 1st.”
“Sounds like fun,” Sara admitted.
“So, have you been into any trouble lately, like predicting the future for anyone?” he asked.
“Actually, no, except telling Laura she’s having a boy,” Sara admitted. “Life has been relatively calm. I think being involved in sports releases all my pent-up energy.”
“Here, I need you to check for any danger,” Mark said as he took her hand. 
Sara laughed and remarked, “I feel you’re using this as an excuse to put the moves on me.”
“Wow, you are psychic,” he kidded.
“Do you do this with all your girlfriends?” Sara asked.
He hesitated for a minute and then confessed, “I have the feeling your dad mentioned I went to the prom.”
“Now, you’re the one being psychic,” Sara joked.
“Well, actually, it was a friend of my sister’s. I promised both of them a long time ago I would escort them to the prom. She’s not my type. I like athletic and psychic type girls. They fascinate me,” he admitted.
“I don’t see why?”  Sara said flirtatiously.
“Well, because my grandmother had the gift of knowing, it’s been said,” he confessed.
Sara looked at him in surprise, “Are you kidding me?”
“Actually, no. She practically raised me while the family built the business and she never failed to astound me with her abilities,” he went on.
“What was her name, the same as yours?” Sara asked.
“Oh no, Francini,” he stated. “Antoinette Francini.”
“You know, I heard that name before,” Sara tried to recall. “When did she pass away?”
“About two years ago, but she told me before she died that a girl with auburn hair was going to be very important in my life,” he admitted.
“Really,” Sara said astounded. “Was your grandmother a medium?”
“Yes, to the embarrassment of our family, who are good Catholics,” he commented. “She was supposedly in contact with my grandfather.”
“Did she ever go to the séances held in Strasburg?” 
“All the time.”
“My grandmother did too and mentioned to me before she died that there was only one more equipped than her to contact the dead, and that was Antoinette Francini,” Sara stated in awe, now remembering. “Do you have the gift?” 
“No, or I wouldn’t have needed you to save my family’s lives, would I?”
“There are different types and degrees of psychic abilities,” Sara explained. “Most times, it only works with others and not yourself.”
“In any case, my grandmother was one of my favorites and I miss her very much,” he admitted.
“I know how you feel,” Sara empathized and then suggested. “Let’s go back to the house for a hamburger, I’m starving. How about you?”
“Sounds good to me,” Mark agreed and then excused himself to make a phone call.
When they opened the door, Sara was totally taken back with a ‘Surprise, Happy Birthday.’ Mia and the family were there and the room was decorated with balloons, a birthday table, and presents.
“Are you really surprised?” Mia asked.
“I’ve been totally distracted. Was that part of the plan?” Sara asked, laughing.
“Yes, it was the only way I could surprise your mother,” Dad admitted. “But even then, I wasn’t too sure it would work.”
“Well, I knew something was up, but since my birthday isn’t until next week, my timing was totally off,” Sara admitted.
“Good job, Mark,” Ryan stated, giving him a high five.
They all sat down and chatted, while the guys served the girls burgers and salads from Ryan’s supermarket. Mia had made Sara’s favorite birthday cake, double chocolate with chocolate chip mint ice cream on the side. Everyone was anxious for her to open the presents.  Mark’s was first and it was easy to tell from the shape and size what it was.
“My sister picked this out especially for you, but there is only one condition,” he began. “You can’t use it against her in competition.”
It was a very expensive, name brand tennis racket, with her name imprinted on the cover.
“It’s beautiful,” Sara exclaimed.
“Actually, it’s from my whole family,” he admitted.
“I would have liked for you to teach me how to use it, today,” Sara said.
“We’ll have plenty of time for that this summer,” he assured her.
 Ryan presented Sara with a memory chip for all her digital photos for the computer. “So, the rest of the family will be able to have some memory left on the computer, too,” he added.
Megan gave Sara some fancy hair ties. “I picked them out myself,” she claimed as she gave her a big hug.
Dad and Laura included a gift certificate in a card for shopping at her favorite store. Mia and Sara would have fun with that.
Mia then presented her with half of a friendship necklace, “Whatever happens, we will have this to remember each other by,” she said with her eyes tearing up.
“Everything will work out. It has to,” Sara responded by giving her a hug.
Sara knew, then, what her wish would be as she blew out her birthday candles; that they could all be together for her 16th birthday next year. Sara felt that Granny was here with them in spirit and would be working very hard to make it come true.
At the end of the evening, Sara walked Mark back to his car and thanked him for the tennis racket and for sharing her birthday with her.
“It was my pleasure,” he stated. “And there is one more thing I forgot to give you.”
“What’s that,” Sara asked, naively.
“This,” Mark said as he took her in his arms and gently kissed her.
 As Sara stood there stunned, he remarked, “I hope you enjoyed your birthday.”
Sara mumbled, “Very much so.” He smiled, waved good-bye and was gone.
As she walked back into the house in a daze, no one said anything, but they were smiling, so she knew they had been spying on her.
“Thanks for everything, everybody,” Sara announced. “Mia and I will clean up.”
That made everyone scatter fast, so now they could have some alone time and Mia could update Sara on her family drama. Mia stated that her mother wanted her to move to Strasburg, near where her counseling contacts were. She did convey that she met the social worker who was still trying to work things out. In the meantime, Sara asked if she still felt like going to NYC for the outing, but Mia mentioned that she really needed to stay here to help Pastor and his family pack. She had discussed this with Ryan, who would just as soon work to earn money for a Smart- phone. In the meantime, Sara had to come down to earth from her first kiss so she could study for final exams.
The trip to NYC with the youth group was a disaster, and Sara was glad she chose not to go. Rumor had it that Erin and Mike took off and after waiting for an hour, the bus finally had to return home without them. When Pastor Matt finally reached their parents, he was told that Erin and Mike had already contacted them. They decided to stay overnight with relatives and head back the next day by bus. Their excuse was that they didn’t have Pastor Matt’s cell phone number to contact him directly. There were no apologies and no regret at the inconvenience they caused. Everyone was so stressed out and worried about them that it ruined the trip for everyone. Of course, with their parents being highly involved in the schools and church, no repercussions would occur. The next day, Pastor Matt turned in his resignation, and everyone was heartbroken since he was so well liked. Now they would be losing two pastors. Life was changing a bit too fast for all of them.
Exams came and went and there was still no baby or resolution of Mia’s future. Sara’s grades remained pretty consistent, having made the B Honor roll. Mia faltered a little with her ongoing stress, but managed to pull all B’s & C’s. Ryan actually made all A’s, even one in PE. Amazing!
Laura was one week late and Pastor was leaving in two weeks when Mia came visiting with some news.
“We finally worked it out,” she announced, relieved. “Social Services found my mom an apartment here in Hyattsville, and she is transferring to this Burger Barn next week.”
“That’s wonderful,” Sara exclaimed, giving her a hug. “I just knew if we had faith, it would work out, somehow.”
“We’ll see,” Mia said, not 100% positive. “But, it’s a start. I’ve put ads up to baby-sit this summer. Pastor said he would give me a good reference. That should help some.”
Suddenly, they heard a commotion from upstairs. Dad was yelling for Sara that it was time. She ran upstairs to get Laura’s suitcase while Dad helped Laura down to the car as she was taking deep breaths.
“Mia,” Sara called. “You have a babysitting job right now. Please stay here with Megan until Ryan gets home from work.”
“I’ll just call Pastor. I’m sure he’ll understand.”
“Megan, be a good girl for Mia,” Sara commented.
“Can’t I come? I want to see the baby,” she whined.
“Tomorrow,” Dad promised as they hurried to the car.
When they arrived at the hospital, Sara was escorted to the waiting room initially, while Laura was checked in.
“This is your third baby. It’s not going to be long. That I can tell you. Keep breathing,” the nurse prompted.
The delivery room was devised of a birthing and a sitting room. At first, Sara was able to be in with Laura, more to give Dad moral support since Laura was holding her own.  As she was being hooked up, Sara was mesmerized by all of the monitors and machines.
“You’re dilated to an eight and you’re transitioning,” the nurse announced. “I’ll call the doctor in.”
On her way, she escorted Sara to the sitting area, right outside the room, “I think you’ll be more comfortable here.”
Sara was fidgety. She just wanted it to be over with. It had been a forever nine months, and she didn’t want Laura to be in pain any longer. 
The doctor hurried in and Sara could hear, “Push, push, that’s it, keep pushing!”
Sara became concerned when everything became quiet. Then, she sighed in relief as she heard a husky cry and everyone cheered.
Dad came out smiling and said, “Looks as if you’ll have to paint the room, Sara.”
Sara just looked at him and said, “No way.”
“Just joking. It’s a boy, 9 lbs. 6 oz. You should have seen the look on your face,” he teased, giving her a huge hug. “David Kyle Neuman.”
Sara went for a soda pop and by the time she returned, she was invited in to hold her new baby brother. Dad was just as proud as a peacock, repeating over and over, “He sure is a big one.” 
Sara was able to take multiple pictures of the proud Dad, Mom, and baby together.  She was so grateful to be part of this experience. There was nothing in the world equal to it.
Dad and Sara returned home later that night, so Laura could rest. Megan had fallen asleep and Ryan had his arm around Mia as they were watching a movie. Sara already had a dozen pictures of the new baby to show them from her cell phone. It was a rare moment, for which Sara was grateful, to experience the exuberant feeling of witnessing a new life being added to the Neuman family.

Epilogue

With endings come new beginnings, but the thing Sara learned was no matter what happened, they would survive as long as there were family and friends around them. Another school year has gone, already, and another will start soon enough. Time goes by so fast. They may not know what lies ahead, but Sara knew they would face it all together. That is what’s important.

~ THE END ~

AUTHOR’S NOTE

      This book is dedicated to all teenagers who must overcome obstacles in life to be happy and successful. It is my hope that you will pursue your talents to make a difference in the lives of others despite any negative circumstances. The teenage years are extremely challenging; however, those with higher goals, who can envision their future, will find rewards and contentment in achieving their dreams. Stay true to yourself.


For synopsis of the books below or to share your comments:  www.peggymcgeebooks.com

For e-book formatting and design, contact Jeannie: ibloomdrop@gmail.com

Other Books by Peggy McGee available through Amazon/Kindle and Createspace

Psychic Sara Teen Series

Sara the Psychic Sleuth – Book 1
Sara to the Second Power – Book 2
Sara and the Destiny of the Stars – Book 3
Sara and the Cyber Psychic Squad – Book 4

Taryn Teen Trilogy – Adventures of Sara’s Daughter

The Destiny of Taryn Rose – Book 1
Trails of Secrets – Book 2
The Powers of Fate – Book 3

The Secrets of Stonehenge Society - Sara: Adult Sequel

Love’s Captive Fate – Taryn: Adult Sequel

Love’s Inner Journey – Adult General Romance

The Ghost of Myrtle A. Turtle School – Juvenile chapter book




