Secret’s Out (Secrets Trilogy)

By Lyza Ledo 

Copyright 2011 Lyza Ledo

Smashwords Edition

Special Thanks To
Kaycee at PWL Editing
Thanks for the great work!! 
Chapter 1: I Move….
Philadelphia, Pa, the new place I am calling home. My name is Annabel Claire Lee. Yeah, laugh all you want, I’m named after an Edgar Allan Poe poem. How cliché, but my dad always dreamed of having a daughter and naming her Annabel since he had the perfect last name. 
Back to the point now, I’ve been moving since the age of six, thanks to my parents’ nasty divorce. My mom was a born and bred California girl, from Santa Barbara. After the divorce from my dad, whom I barely even remember, she couldn’t bear to remain on the same coast so we promptly moved from Santa Barbara to Miami.
I probably spent the most time in Miami since California; we lived there a whopping two years. Then it was Orlando, Savannah, Baltimore, Pittsburg, New York City, Boston, and finally Philadelphia. I’m not going to lie and say this has been one of the best places I’ve lived in, because honestly it isn’t. Florida was so much better. There was year round sunshine and beaches everywhere or amusement parks. New York was fun but we had the tiniest apartment. It was literally a closet, but the city was so alive, the shopping was good, and the boys were hot. The other places were more my mom’s choices. They weren’t terrible but never as memorable for me except for Boston. 
Boston was the exception to all of that though. Boston has hands down been my favorite city. It was lively and old all at the same time. The school I went to was the first school I really liked. I made friends and it seemed like we were going to be staying. My mom seemed happy for once, and so was I. We adjusted well to New England. I even found a guy that gave me butterflies. The week before we moved here, which was two weeks ago, He kisses me. Ryan actually kissed me. He is a great guy but honestly I don’t think this long distance thing will work even though we really want it to. I usually cut ties when I move. It’s better to start fresh with no expectations or ties. I appreciate the friends that I made but you have to move on eventually. You can’t hold on to the past or you can’t build a future.
Well let’s get back to the present. We have been living in Philadelphia for a whopping five days. My mom found a decent sized two bedroom apartment, with a decent sized office off Roosevelt Blvd. It was definitely one of the nicer places we’ve lived in. I start school Monday at the nearby public high school, Northeast High. At least I think that’s what it’s called. 
I’ve been unpacking most of the weekend and calling my, I guess, boyfriend Ryan. Philadelphia hasn’t seemed like much yet but I’m hoping it will be different. I’m sixteen and I’ve been to three different high schools in the last two years. So I’m hoping to remain stationary sometime soon.
I don’t really know what my mom is looking for, we usually move after a nasty breakup. They are usually only her serious relationships that make her move worthy. It’s like she reverts back to the divorce and has to get away as quickly as possible. It’s only different when she breaks up with the guy. We typically last a little longer, but then there’s always that guy who eventually breaks her heart. I wish once she would stick to her promise. 
“Annie, it’s going to be different here. I’m swearing off men. They are nothing but trouble.” My mom says this on the ride to each new town nearly every time, but she’s never lasted longer than a couple weeks. She’s a hot woman for being in her late thirties. She has blond hair that she recently cut into a sleek bob for the new move. She also has piercing blue eyes that I have also inherited. She’s tall, thin, and believe me, if it wasn’t for me she would be married to one of her boyfriends by now. I’m usually the problem but my mom stands her ground. I’m the most important thing in her life and she makes it known.
She’s a great mom aside from the moving and she’s my best friend.
 “Annie? Are you on the phone?” My mom said coming into my room.
 “No mom,” I said with a sigh. She looked down at me lying on my newly placed bed.
 “I feel bad; I didn’t know you and Ryan were so serious. We could go back?” I thought about it for a moment. That would make everything so much easier for me, but mom was miserable, and I couldn’t drag her back there. We agreed on finding a city we were both happy with, and like it or not, Boston wasn’t it.
 “No, mom it’s okay. We can try the long distance thing, and see how it goes.” I said shrugging off my mother’s comment. She walked over to me not fully convinced and started playing with my hair she always did that when she was nervous. 
“I don’t think you mean that,” she said quickly but moved almost instantly to the next topic. “I like when you hair is straight, Annie, you should do it like this more often.” She added. I had my dad’s dark, curly hair and my mother’s translucent blue eyes. I was an interesting batch of person or at least that’s what I was told.
She stopped fidgeting with my newly straightened hair and sat on my bed. “What do you want for dinner, kid?” 
“Whatever’s fine I just want to finish unpacking before Monday.” I complained as I stood and took a mental inventory of what still needed to be done. There was still a mountain of boxes that hadn’t been touched. It was a lot. 
“Okay, how about Chinese?” I nodded and she left my room. I think she was starting to regret the move but she never went back after a move. 
I looked over at the mountain again. It was taunting me. I planned to start there. Problem was I hated unpacking. It was so tedious and there wasn’t enough music in the world to get me through it. I looked over as my IPod started a slow Maroon 5 song. I couldn’t unpack anymore. I collapsed on my bed. The one thing I never liked, and did so much of, was pack. 
My phone rang. It was obviously Ryan since he was pretty much the only one that was still calling me. Sure, I had other friends in Boston, but they were not going to call as often as the boyfriend.
 “Hey stranger, it’s been a while.” I said as I laid back on my bed. 
“It’s great to talk to you, too. How’s the unpacking going?” Ryan’s voice rang through the other line. He had a deep and masculine voice that fit him well. 
 “Boring, I wish it would just unpack itself.” I said exasperated.
 “Don’t worry once you are all done…you shouldn’t have to pack for a while.”
 “Hey!” I said insulted. I said turning over on my bed staring at the white, freshly painted ceiling.
 “What? You move a lot.” He retorted with little sensitivity.
 “Yeah, but this could be different.”
 “I wish I had your optimism.” Ryan said wistfully. 
Honestly, I’m not much of an optimist. I’m more of a realist maybe even a pessimist, but moving and hoping for the best is like an involuntary reaction I can’t get away from. It was drilled into me since I was six. I can’t escape it.  
“Whatever. So what did you do today?” I asked to make him talk and not further judge me.
“Oh it was interesting. We went to the baseball game today…” he kept talking but I wasn’t really paying attention. I thought about a lot as Ryan talked. I even thought about him. I was going to miss not seeing him every day. Ryan was this boyishly handsome type. He had blue eyes that were dark almost purple but obviously blue. He had light brown hair and was pretty tall to my 5’7 stature. “So the Sox won the game and we went back to Bobby’s to play some play station.” 
“Sounds like a busy day, I’m glad you had fun.” I said trying to move my attention back to the phone call.
 “Did you do anything but unpack?” Ryan asked finally showing some sympathy. 
 “No, I still have a ton to unpack I’m just taking a break right now.”
 “Chinese is here, Annie,” my mom shouted from the living room. 
“Ryan, I have to go, dinner is here. Talk to you later?”
 “Okay, talk to you later.” Ryan said as he hung up. 
“Hey mom,” I said as I walked into the decently sized living room and dining room we had already organized. “What did you get?” 
“Sesame chicken, rice, and some crab rangoons.” My mom said putting the bag on the kitchen counter and looking for plates. We had finished unpacking the kitchen when we first got here and we did the living room yesterday, that’s probably why nothing in my room had been touched until today, but that was tradition. “Grab some cups and a drink out of the fridge, Annie.”
 “Sure.” I said walking over and grabbing two cans of diet coke and walking to the dining room table. 
“So were you just talking to Ryan?” My mom asked teasingly. 
“Yeah” I said miserably.
 “What’s wrong?” She asked. After being the closest person to me for the last ten years my mom could tell when something was wrong. It was nearly impossible to keep anything from her, but there was always one thing I wouldn’t tell her no matter how much she pried. I had one secret even from her. 
“Nothing I was just talking to Ryan and instead of talking I kind of got distracted. Is that supposed to happen?” 
“What distracted you?”
 “My thoughts mostly.” I said with a shrug. 
“Maybe you don’t like him as much as you thought, or you are just not accustomed to holding on to the friends you make.” It made sense but I think I was leaning towards the former. I just didn’t like Ryan when we were apart. It made me miss my friends and him whenever we spoke. 
I finished eating and went back to my room. It was starting to get late and I only had tomorrow left to unpack. I put the IPod on loud and resumed my task of unloading. I worked hard unpacking 4 large boxes until three a.m. Once I checked the time, I decided it was time to go to bed. I laid down in my bed that never changed, it was comfy and mine. I was asleep almost instantly. 
I was sitting in a classroom, full of students, some teacher was asking me about my name when this boy…guy walked into the classroom. “Nice of you to join us, Mr. Molina. Take your seat now,” the teacher said. The dark haired boy turned and I gasped. He looked at me for a moment before taking a seat beside me. His dark eyes had burned a hole through me and I felt my cheeks redden at the thought of just his dark gaze. 
I woke up scared just seeing these dark eyes flashing over and over again in my head. “What the hell!” I said sitting up in my bed. I looked over at the alarm it was eight am, all I really wanted to do was sleep but how do you sleep when a stranger is haunting your dreams. I shuffled about my room, further unpacking just thinking about these dark eyes. These hypnotizing eyes that I had never seen before, or have I? I thought back through all the cities but I had never seen anyone quite like Mr. Molina. He was a phenomenon that I had never experienced in real life. Am I pathetic? I thought more about this dream guy than I have my boyfriend in the last week. I seriously had issues. 
“So almost done, honey?” My mom said peaking her head into my door. 
“Yeah, actually I am.”
 “Good, we are going shopping you need new clothes for school and I need some for work.”
 “Mom, you work at home.” I said incredulously. This was her way of putting me in the spirit of a new school. New clothes, new me led to a happier me. It was shallow but it kept us positive.
 “So… I like to feel nice.” The reason we could move so much was because my mom was a web site designer. The clients she had she mostly talked to over the phone and online, never in person. She was also her own boss so there was no office to go to or anything. When we first moved to Miami she was a part of a firm but after building a loyal client base. She went freelance and our moving adventures began. 
We pulled up to the Macy’s down the street from our house it looked huge. This was my mother’s favorite pastime and I was always dragged along. “Let’s get you some stuff first, it’s going to start getting warm soon,” my mom said walking over to the juniors section. “Do you need any new bras?” my mom asked while sifting through dresses.
 “Mom!” I said embarrassed as a group of woman walked by. 
 “What? It’s an important question.” I rolled my eyes and started looking in my own section for something I would like. I was taller than most girls so it was a little difficult to find anything that fit. My mom was slightly taller than me and a little slimmer but for the most part we wore the same size and shared a lot of clothes against my wishes. 
Three hours later I had four dresses that would look better on my mom three pairs of jeans, matching shirts, and a jacket. My mother however had a credit card and wasn’t afraid to use it, she had dresses, jeans, dress suits, a pair of heels, and a set of flats. If shopping was an Olympic sport she would have had multiple gold medals. 
“I’m starved after that,” my mom said as we got in the car. She was letting me drive; I had gotten my license in Boston but had very little use for it so now I was to practice in this random new city. “I heard about this diner.” She started to direct me on how to get there. “Get back on Roosevelt and head north,” my mom said as she settled into the passenger seat after organizing the massive bags in the back seat of her Nissan sedan. 
After dinner and the best milkshake I ever had, we headed back home so I could get some sleep before my first day of school. I hope I was prepared for that. Before I went to bed Ryan called. “So how was your day?”
 “Went shopping for tomorrow.” 
“Geez you need more clothes?” Ryan asked in disbelief. He had seen the wide collection of clothing me and my mother had gathered over the years, it was huge and we always needed more closet space. 
“Yeah, we got more, listen Ry I’m tired I didn’t sleep well last night,” and just like that those dark eyes came back to haunt me. 
“Um sure, goodnight then, Annabel.” 
“Night Ryan.” I said as sugary as possible. I wanted him to know I really did miss him.
I stood awake for a while just thinking about my dream. It was nothing like any other dream I had ever had; why couldn’t I just forget it? I fell asleep eventually with no more dreams of sexy guys with mysterious, fathomless black eyes.
Chapter 2: Those Eyes
I drove to school since my mom didn’t need her car. I pulled up to the school and it was huge. There were people everywhere. I looked around lost and after several hallways of aimless walking I found the admissions office to get my schedule and locker. One of the nice secretaries walked me to my locker and showed me my first class before I was abandoned to wander around the rest of the day in a haze of confusion. I walked into my first class English. I sat in an empty seat in the back, and then a weird thing happened, the teacher came in the room. He was the teacher from my dreams, I gulped. How could that be? I never met the guy before. “Annabel Lee? Is that a joke?” The teacher said towards me. 
I looked up, “No that’s really my name Mr…” 
“Rawlins.”
 “Mr. Rawlins, it’s Annabel Claire Lee…if that changes anything?”
 “You’re named after the poem?” I nodded in response. This was all too eerily familiar. The door opened before Mr. Rawlins could ask another question and I couldn’t help the sharp gasp that came out of my mouth. It was him, the dark hair; the eyes that I knew would haunt me when he turned around.  What the hell was happening? “Nice to see you back Mr. Molina. How about you take your seat?” The dark haired boy nodded and turned around. My dream didn’t do him justice he was more beautiful than I thought. 
I felt my bones turn to Jell-O. I was fixated with him. Than as he walked by to sit beside me he gave me a curious look. I knew I blushed when his gaze rested on me but I snapped out of it and resumed breathing. Why did I dream this? How did I dream this? 
I’ve never dreamed the future before. Ever. I’ve never dreamed of anyone I’ve never met either. What was going on? 
I guess here is the point in the story that I’m honest. I have a secret, a secret that my mother doesn’t even know about. I’ve never told anyone actually, not even Ryan. I see the future. Okay, think I’m crazy all you want but it’s the truth. I’ve never seen anything of substance like natural disasters or wars or anything that significant. I usually see dumb things like people I know having a fender bender or losing a sports event. Normally, the visions just come to me during the day, I’ve never dreamed a vision, and I have never pictured people I have never met. So yeah, I’m kind of freaked out at the moment.  Especially when there is a pair of sexy, dark eyes right beside me that I had thought about them all day yesterday.
 I tried to focus on Death of a Salesman but I was failing miserably. It wasn’t interesting the first two times I read it for class. I didn’t believe the third time was a charm. I looked around the room, it matched my dream perfectly. The nondescript desks, the whiteboard dominating the front of the room, even the wrinkled dark shirt Mr. Rawlins was wearing were identical to my dream. It was eerie. The bell rang and I started to move so I had enough time to find all these classrooms. I walked out and started looking for a nearby staircase. The whirlwind that was this Molina guy flew past me and I caught myself before I fell and was trampled. I bumped into a girl. 
“Hey, watch out.” said the girl teasingly. 
“Hi I’m so sorry.” I said turning towards her. She was petite with brown hair she had pulled into a loose ponytail. 
“No problem, you okay?” she asked. Seeming to notice my confused expression. 
“Do you know where this room is?” I asked.
“Oh you’re new?” She said with a mischievous smile on her face.
I nodded. “I’m Annie and you are?”
“Jamie.” She said returning my smile. “You are going to go down the hall and it will be on your left. See you around, Annie.” 
I found the next classroom without an issue, and the next, it wasn’t a bad system they had here. The rooms weren’t in some random order and were organized pretty neatly, no letters needed like at other schools I had been to. Fifth period is where I saw him for the third time. He didn’t bother to look at me as I found the only empty seat in the class behind him. I sat down. I don’t even remember anything from geometry that day. I sat down and his scent surrounded me. I was lost and with every fiber of my body I restrained myself from pouncing on him in class. He was like nothing I had ever known. The manly cologne and the perfect contours of his body in his black tee shirt were noticeably visible, particularly in his back. I had never felt this way about a guy whose name I still didn’t know. Ryan was attractive but he was not this guy, speaking of Ryan. I should be chanting I have a boyfriend and not be consumed by the presence in front of me. 
I tried averting my gaze to the teacher and whatever he was teaching when the bell finally rang. I stood up and ran into this boy, besides turning ten shades of red before he turned around, I had a vision. 
There was an intersection, no street signs were visible, this boy was surrounded by four men. Four large men. They were circling him like prey. Then they pounced, attacking him from all angles. They landed devastating blows going for all areas of his body, face, arms, legs, stomach. They had gotten him to the ground still in the middle of the intersection. He was barely conscious, and was covered in his own blood. “This is your last chance to reconsider, Molina.” The largest man said holding him by his shirt collar. 
“Fuck off, Dom!” he spit back spraying blood onto Dom’s face. Dom didn’t look happy and let go of him to start throwing angry fists again. They walked away after a few more minutes of beating him to a bloody pulp. They walked away like nothing happened. I ran towards his unconscious body. I felt for a pulse there wasn’t one. 
I jolted back to reality as quickly as I left. He was gone so fast. How was I supposed to warn him? I went to lunch, sat alone, and then to my last two classes. He was in my eighth period class, Spanish. I sat behind him before class started. I tapped his shoulder preparing to be bolder than I normally was. “Listen…um what’s your name?” I said quietly trying to find the right words for what I was going to say next. 
“What does it matter to you?” He said really hitting that you and showing his annoyance. 
“Okay,” I said drawing out the word a little too much, “I’m Annabel…I was just curious since we had a couple of classes together.” I said trying to sound friendly and not like I was trying to give him an ominous message. 
“We have classes together? I don’t remember seeing you before?” He said thinking back. 
“Well I’m new just started today.” I said with a hopeful smile. 
“Well then you don’t know....I’ll give you the lowdown…I don’t need any friends.” He said as he turned back around in his chair and ignored me completely for the rest of the day. Rude much?
I drove home frustrated that I didn’t even learn his name. I saw his death but wasn’t allowed a name. How unfair was that? I walked into the house to my happy mother.  “So I went to the nearby Dunkin Donuts for my morning coffee and I met this guy.” 
“Already?” I mumbled annoyed. 
“Well I’m sorry I had a good day,” my mom said huffily. 
“Sorry I’m just frustrated.” I said trying to not let her see my distress. 
“What about?” She asked curiously. She was still giddy from whatever had happened this morning at Dunkin Donuts. 
“I’m really behind at this school. I have a lot to read and a ton of homework.” I grumbled as I threw my massive backpack onto the couch. “Did he ask you out?”
 “Oh no. We just talked a bit not even any real flirting.” My mom said as she sat on the sofa beside my bag. Sometimes I felt that I was the mother and my mom was the teenage girl. No matter where she went she could make men swoon, that obviously wasn’t passed along to me. 

~~~
“Dinner? I’m cooking,” my mom said as she peaked into my room after a few hours of me trying to put a dent into my homework. 
“Whatever you want.” I said and she quickly closed the door behind her. I wasn’t in the mood to socialize. I had a massive amount of homework, that was way too easy but I didn’t say that to my mother. At my last school, we were light years ahead of what I was doing now, but I didn’t want to make my mom feel bad so I didn’t mention it. No, what had me in a bad mood was this stupid Molina guy. How could he not even tell me his name? Why did it bother me so much?
My phone rang, I glanced at the caller ID, it was Ryan, “How was your first day?”
 “I have so much work.” I complained.
 “Really that bad?” He said with a chuckle. 
“Yeah that bad.”
 “Did you make any friends?” 
“No, I didn’t really talk to anyone. I had a lot on my plate, didn’t really get around to being social.”
 “Oh Annie don’t be like that. Get out there and make some girlfriends.”
 “I’m not allowed to talk to guys?” I asked teasingly.
 “As long as they are nowhere near as attractive as I am.” I couldn’t help but laugh.
 “Of course not.” I said with another giggle.
 “What was school like without me?” I said the regret was evident. 
“Well, I missed you like hell, but that’s how I always feel.”
 “Aw I miss you too, Ryan!”
 “I think you should try to convince your mom to come back.” He said, his tone was sad and soft. He hated that I left and had mentioned it in nearly every conversation that I should persuade my mom to move back to Boston.
 “Sorry, but it doesn’t look like that’s happening…she met someone.”
 “Already?” Ryan nearly shouted into the phone. “It’s only been a week!” Ryan shouted back at me.
 “Yeah she works fast.” I said as I closed my math text book and started reading over my Spanish drills. 
“So you haven’t met anyone?” He said jokingly, but I had so what do I say to him.
 “Nope, so boring.” I tried for uninterested.
 “Annie, dinner is done!” My mom shouted from the other room.
 “Ryan I gotta go…”
 “Yeah dinner.” He said cutting me off.
 “Yeah, sorry, bye.” I said solemnly.
 “Bye, Annie” Ryan said as he hung up the phone. 
“Ryan?” My mom asked as I walked into the living room.
 “Yup.”
 “Sounded like a good conversation,” My mom said with a smile, “So it’s working better?” 
“I guess,” I said with a sigh.
 “What was that?” She said.  She was always being the dubious mother and detecting my distress.
 “Nothing,” I said quickly. I had quickly thought about him and my mom noticed, this Molina guy really needed to get out of my head.
 “That is something. Did you meet someone else?” My mom said her interest high. 
“Well no.” 
“Well…no?” She asked curiosity. 
“Well there was this guy but I didn’t meet him.” I rolled my eyes at her suspicion.
 “Was he really cute?” She retorted happily.
 “Mom!” I complained. I was with Ryan. Shouldn’t I be getting lectured for not focusing my attention on Ryan?
“What?” She replied insulted.
 “I have a boyfriend.” I said lamely. 
 “You are young don’t tie yourself down so quickly so tell me about this boy?” She admonished instead.
 “There’s nothing to tell.” 
 “What does he look like?” She tried again.
 “A guy.” 
 “Annabel.”
 “He has dark hair, dark eyes, tall, muscular.” I said thinking back to sitting behind him and watching him move and his arms and back flexing. I was literally jello in my seat thanks to this guy. 
“Well that is hot, what’s his name?” 
“Um.”
 “Really, you didn’t get his name?” My mom said mockingly. 
“I tried he just didn’t tell me, he was obviously not interested in even talking to me.” 
“He is an idiot then.” She said placing food on each of our plates.
 “Mom, it doesn’t matter I have a boyfriend…you remember Ryan?” 
“Yes, I know,” my mom said, rolling her eyes, as she got back to eating her dinner of mac and cheese and barbecued chicken. 
My mom wasn’t the most amazing cook but the few things she did make, she made well. I finished dinner and started on the dishes. After those I spent a few more hours doing homework before I crashed into my bed for the night. I don’t remember any dreams or nightmares from the night, just my alarm blaring that morning at an ungodly hour of six am. I begrudgingly got out of bed and was counting the seconds to the weekend so I could catch up on some sleep. 
Driving to school, all I could think about was how I was going to corner this kid and tell him he was going to die. It’s a pretty personal conversation and can be especially awkward when a stranger is telling you this. Personally, I’ve never had a vision like this where I had to warn anyone about something dangerous. So I wasn’t exactly sure how I wanted to handle this if he would think I was crazy when I told him or what. I walked into first period, he walked in right before the bell rang couldn’t talk to him. “So guys we should be finishing Death of a Salesman this week and we will be spending some time on poetry. I also have a field trip planned, Annabel you inspired me.” Mr Rawlins said with a wicked smile. “There’s a trip to Edgar Allan Poe’s house for two weeks from last Monday. I want these forms back by the end of the week.” He said as he handed out the forms. I mumbled a great as I received the permission slip. I’m going to visit the man that made my name famous, thanks a bunch Mr. Rawlins. 
I walked out of class thinking about how I could convince my mom this was a terrible idea, but knowing her she would love how that sounded. It would be poetic and ironic all at the same time. I walked through my classes barely catching a chance with him, but I had to try. I did however run into Jamie again. We had a few classes together and she was just as sweet as the first time I met her.  
Lunch was my first real opening. I was closing my locker when I saw him at a nearby locker I assumed was his. I walked up to him boldly. “What do you want?” He said that disdain for me still present. 
“I have something to say to you,” and I paused, not knowing how to blurt it out. 
“Say it.” He said irritably. 
 “I can’t I think this would be best said in private.” I said getting a little more uncomfortable when he glared at me.
“Listen I get it you are one of those forward girls but I’m not interested.” 
“I’m not trying to hook up with you.” I said a little too quickly. It was embarrassing to say and he gave me this quizzical look that made me blush. “Listen is there just somewhere we could talk alone.” He studied my face again for a few moments before replying.
 “Fine,” he said as he started walking past me. I didn’t know whether he was walking away or going somewhere private so I followed him. We walked into our first period English classroom.
 “So what is it?” He said as he sat at a desk and unpacked his lunch.
 “Um well,” I said fumbling with my stuff as I sat at a desk beside him. “I think you should be careful. I think there are some bad guys after you and you should watch your back.” He raised one eyebrow giving me a look of debate. I think that’s what it was, he was debating whether I was right or if I was completely insane.
 “How do you know this?” he said a small smile on his face. 
“Um well I can’t release my sources but I believe the leader is a man that goes by the name Dom.” His face turned into stone at the mention of the name. 
“How do you know that?” He said standing up and placing his hands on the front of the desk I was sitting at. He was too close for comfort, particularly because he was mad, and I didn’t think I could breathe let alone protect myself from whatever anger he was about to release on me. “Did he put you up to this?” he shouted, his grip on the desk making it lean forward. 
“No. I never met him or anyone else,” He dropped the desk.
 “Then why do you know this?” 
“I can’t say how I know this but it’s true.” He stood up and walked out. I quickly followed but he was long gone before I entered the hallway. God, this boy was difficult. Why couldn’t he just listen to me? I walked through my classes trying to work through some form of a plan to talk to this boy again. I made it to my last class but he didn’t sit anywhere near me, damn. I looked at him across the room noticeably ignoring me. What a jerk!
I was angrier than I had ever been. I was trying to help the kid and not let him get killed and what do I get: Angry glares, yelled at, and completely avoided. Not even a lousy thank you, so much for being helpful. He made me feel like I was slime.
 Chapter 3: Cornered
I tried to get him alone again throughout the week but failed over and over again. He stayed as far away from me as humanly possible. I was a plague in his eyes and I just couldn’t seem to shake his apprehensiveness.  Jamie, who was also in this class with me leaned over and whispered. “Stop that…you look needy.”
 “I don’t look needy.” I said insulted. 
“Ian just keeps to himself. You are just going to scare him further away.”
 “Ian?” I said curious.
 “That’s the kid you’re staring at right?” She said pointing at him subtly, “The one in the black shirt, brown hair, angry face?” I nodded, “Ian Molina,” she said matter of factly. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that sooner?” I said frustrated. 
 “You never asked.” She said before she turned back to the lesson we were supposed to be paying attention to. I couldn’t believe Jamie this whole time she knew who he was and didn’t tell me. I looked her over in disbelief.  Two weeks and she tells me now. 
Class ended and I had two more classes before I tried to trap Ian before lunch. He was going to start thinking I was following him soon, but honestly I just wanted to finish telling him that he was going to die. I couldn’t let him think this was just going to be some fight. It was serious and no matter what he did to fight them he wasn’t going to win. 
I didn’t even go to my locker before lunch instead I walked to his knowing he would be there. He was there, “What the hell do you want?” He said not too kindly. 
“You never let me finish there is more I have to tell you, Ian.” I covered my mouth after I said his name I felt like an idiot. Now he knew I had asked around. 
His eyebrow raised, “What is it?” he said still fidgeting through his locker.
 “Um…well not only are you going to get attacked by these guys but…” I stopped and looked around to make sure no one was around. “But I think they are going to try to kill you.”
 He laughed, “Okay, now I seriously think you’re mental.” He said still smiling. This somehow had made me madder. 
“It’s not funny, it’s true, but if you just want to die than fine, be my guest.” I said irritated by his careless regard for my premonition. He cornered me by the lockers his hands placed beside me on either side. I gulped and tried to remain calm. 
“How do you know this?” He growled.
 “I can’t say,” I said uncomfortable. His dark gaze completely focused on me. It made my heart race, my breathing went shallow. How did he do this to me?
“Why not?” I tried to look away but his gaze had trapped me. “What are you hiding?” He said again. I looked straight into his eyes trying to be brave and show no fear. 
“You’re eyes aren’t brown.” I said instead. They weren’t. From afar they were but up close, this close there was gold and greens mixed in there. His eyes were obviously hazel. He looked at me with an odd expression for a moment. 
“Don’t change the subject.” He said the frustration building in his voice. 
“I can’t tell you but no one told me anything.” I said returning to his question.
 “Then how do you know this?” He said the confusion visible on his face. 
“I just do.” I said sounding like a small child.
 “Now that you told me this are you going to leave me alone?” He said dropping one arm so I wasn’t completely engulfed in his presence. I felt my breathing return to normal. 
“I would like to make sure you are safe.” I said hoping to sound sincere and not scared. 
“You want to protect me?” He laughed at the suggestion. “Listen, I don’t need any protection I can take care of myself.” He said as he moved away from me and grabbed his backpack off the ground.
“But…” I said but it was too late he was walking away again. 
I walked into the almost finished lunch period and sat next to Jamie. She had been here for two years and only had a few friends. What was with this school and all its loners? I was the only friend that shared the same lunch period with her. 
“What the hell happened to you?”
 “I…um…” 
“Let me guess Ian?” Jamie said,  after only a few days she could read me like a book. 
“Is it that obvious?” 
“You look flustered,” she said nonchalantly. “What happened?”
 “Nothing,” I said quickly.
 “You don’t look like nothing happened.”
 “I ran into him and dropped all my books, he just walked away and I had to look for all my books around the hallway.” I said hoping it sounded somewhat believable.
 “Oh sorry.” She said and returned to her Jello.
Lunch was uneventful as were the rest of my classes until eighth period. Yeah, Ian was still sitting at the other side of the classroom, but I actually caught him looking at me. I was surprised the first time but after the fifth time I knew what he was doing. He was trying to figure out what was up with me. 
I never waved my freak flag at other schools. Why was this guy making me change all my rules; I thought as I drove home. When I thought back to how close he was to me in the hallway, besides just wanting him to kiss me, I had been so close to telling him about my visions. I had never dared even utter the words out loud fearing that someone could overhear, but Ian I wanted to tell everything. I walked in to the apartment, emotionally exhausted.
Best part, my mom looked way too excited for my crappy mood. “Oh sweetie I’m so happy you’re home.”
 “Hi mom,” I said miserably. 
“Oh what’s wrong?” 
 “Nothing,” I said trying to not have another conversation about Ian. 
“Is it this boy?” she said getting straight to the point. My emotions must be posted on my forehead because everyone can see what I’m thinking about.  
“Well we kinda had an argument today” I said trying to not share too much. 
“You talked?” My mom said with a smile.
 “He hates me!” I said quickly. Hoping to end this conversation faster than it started.
 “I doubt that.” She said with this motherly look on her face. She motioned for me to continue.
 “Ian is…he’s a puzzle and I feel like I’m missing the pieces to finish it and see the finished image.” My mom couldn’t help but laugh at that. 
“Ian is it?” she said knowing that something was up, “Do you have a crush on him?” 
“No, mom,” I said quickly and started walking towards my room. 
“Okay well I have good news too.” When did I have good news? “Jack asked me out.” She said in a shrill voice of excitement. “I want you to help me pick something nice out for tonight,” my mom said as she started pulling me towards her bedroom. 
My mom was here a week and had flirted enough with the guy at the coffee shop to score herself a date on a Friday night, while I was home alone. How pathetic was I? 
“I was thinking between the brown dress, to make me look more sophisticated, or the blue dress to make my eyes stand out.” My mom said waving two dresses at me. 
“The blue one, is way classier.” She nodded and went to her closet to look for shoes. “Mom, I’m not really feeling good can you pick shoes out on your own?” She gave me a worried look but nodded, and said go take a nap. I obliged and fell onto my bed, and quickly into sleep.
I was standing in an empty parking lot, alone at first. Then I saw them. Ian in the center surrounded by four large men, Dom was heading the men. They launched onto Ian and began attacking him. He fought back but was no match for these men. Bloodied and bruised, Dom pulled Ian up by his collar, “This is your last chance to reconsider, Molina.”
 Ian gathered some of the little strength he had and spat back “Fuck off, Dom.” Dom was enraged and started hitting him harder. The blood was spraying across Dom. All the men finally backed away leaving Ian unconscious in the middle of the deserted parking lot. I ran towards him again, I felt for his pulse at his wrist, tears were falling down my face making it so much harder to focus on finding a pulse. I heard my own sobs and seemed to gain some composure. He was dead, I felt for a pulse on his neck but there wasn’t one. I cried and fell into heap on top of his dead body. 
I jolted out of sleep as quickly as I had fallen into it. I had the vision again. Only this time there was more, how could that be. This vision thing wasn’t new to me why were such weird things happening to me now. The control I felt on my premonitions was slowly disappearing. Why? Was it Ian or was it me? I had never experienced anything like this, not only had I never dreamt the future, I never had a repeated vision. Was I getting better at this or was he causing this? 
I sat up my face was wet with tears. How was this even possible? I walked to my bathroom to clean my face and try this sleeping thing again. I felt like I needed to sleep the weekend away. Was that possible? Hopefully. 
After a three hour nap, I heard my phone ringing. It was Ryan. “Took you long enough what were you doing?” 
“I was taking a nap.” I said still groggy from the sleep he had disrupted me from.
 “Did I wake you?” 
“What do you think?” I said a bit too harshly.
 “Geez sorry I’ll let you go.”
 “No, Ry, I’m sorry I was just cranky, what’s up.” He didn’t say anything for a moment I actually thought he hung up. 
“The usual, school getting ready to go to Monica Deminco’s birthday party.”
 “Monica? I thought you hated her?” I said with disdain. He may have not hated her but I had when I was in Boston.
“She’s okay and everyone was invited.” Ryan said coolly avoiding the fact that he knew I disapproved.
“Okay, have fun then.” I said not really sure what else there was to say.
 “What about you?” He asked.
“My mom has a date tonight.”
 “With the coffee guy?” 
 “Yup…and I am sitting home alone.” I said as I rolled over to reach for my laptop. 
 “Haven’t you made any friends?”
 “I have. Me and this girl Jamie are hanging out tomorrow, but I have nothing planned tonight.” 
“One friend? I thought you were more popular here.” He cajoled.
 “I was, people don’t really want friends at this place.”
 “Sounds crappy to me. You need to come back her, Annie.” He said resorted to an old topic of conversation.
“It’s not happening.”
He sighed loudly. “So this girl Jamie, that’s it?”
 “It’s Jamie and Ian actually.” I thought I shouldn’t hide it from him, because it would seem like I was hiding something if I slipped up later. 
“Ian? What’s he look like?” I laughed, he sounded jealous, it was pretty cute on Ryan. 
“He looks like a guy.” I said with a chuckle.
 “Is he cuter than me?” 
“Does it matter?” I asked back.
 “Kinda.”
 “Then no he isn’t.”
 “Are you being honest?” Ryan said accusingly. 
“Ry, I have you, other guys aren’t even on my radar.” I lied. He seemed content with that answer and didn’t push me any further. We talked for about an hour until he was almost late for Monica’s party. It was odd that he was hanging out with her. She was pretty but the girl was an uberbitch, who barely talked to anyone she considered beneath her. So is it really true that she invited everyone to her party? 
I finally got out of my bed. It was ten at night and I needed something to eat. I was starved. I walked into the kitchen in the dark. I heard something but I didn’t bother looking around. I grabbed a soda and the Oreos and headed back to my room before catching what that sound was. My mom was making out on the couch with this new guy. I was on the verge of gagging. “Geez mom…couldn’t make it to your room?” I said disgusted as I walked back into my room after seeing her shocked and surprised expression. 
I didn’t have much of an appetite after that and just finished my soda and sat at my desk, looking through the internet for something entertaining, to keep my mind off of what was happening outside. Normally, this was never a problem but mom really liked this guy. What was Philadelphia doing to us? We were acting so different. 
I went online and finished a blog for my English class. It was annoying to have weekly blogs on whatever topic we were discussing and I didn’t even really know how it worked. I posted my statement which sounded good enough to me. The site then took me to everyone else’s blogs. I was reading some and they were terrible, how was I supposed to reply to one. Then I read it, the words were persuasive and serious and smart. The kid knew what he was talking about. I sent a reply and quickly regretted it when the names showed up after my submission. It was Ian’s post. This dark, lonely guy, with a death wish was an amazing writer. Who would have thought?
Saturday I drove to Jamie’s house which was closer to school, and not very far from me. I needed to get out of the house and we had a geometry date since we had a test Monday and I had no clue how to do anything. “So what’s up? How was your Friday?” Jamie said as we walked to her room. 
“Oh the usual. Caught my mom making out in the living room.”
 “Sounds completely normal to me.” She said with a smile. 
“Yeah it was hard keeping down food after that sight.” I said with a shudder as I thought back on it.
 “Does your mom do that often?”
 “No, she never does.” I said confused. “This city is just getting to us.” I said with a shake of my head. No matter how much I thought about it I just couldn’t figure out what was different here than anywhere else.
“What do you mean?” she asked interested. 
“Well my mom never usually meets anyone this quick and I’ve never really been anywhere where I didn’t make a decent amount of friends quickly, I’m likable.” I said trying to explain. 
She laughed, “Oh okay because I think the way you are pursuing Ian is really not showing your likableness.”
 “I’m not pursuing him,” I said defensively. 
“Do you have a thing for him?” Jamie said un-phased by my last statement.
 “Jamie, I have a boyfriend.” I said again defensively. 
“Really?” that seemed to stop her wandering thoughts. 
“Can we not talk about Ian anymore?” I asked sounding a little more pitiful. 
“So where is this boyfriend from?” Jamie asked, her interests had obviously shifted.
“Boston, his name is Ryan.”
 “Really? What does he look like?” I pulled out my sophomore dance picture in my purse and showed her. “Oh he’s cute.” Jamie said examining the picture. “Love the dress.” She adjusted her glasses and gave me back the picture. 
“Thanks,” I said as I put the picture away. 
“He doesn’t look anything like Ian.”
 “Jamie!” I said as I collapsed on her bed.
 “What, sorry” she quickly added.
I stayed at her house until after dinner. Her parents were nice just like Jamie. They both had Jamie’s vivacious and open personality. Except for Jamie who ocasionally wore contacts, they all wore glasses. Her dad was black and her mother was white but you could see where Jamie came from. She had light brown eyes and dark brown hair. With a light complexion, that seemed like she had a year round tan, Jamie was pretty, but a little socially awkward. The girl spoke her mind like no one I had ever met before. We walked towards the front door. I could not study anymore, numbers and shapes were about to come out of my ears if I tried one more problem. “Call me tomorrow if you think you are still confused” Jamie said before I left her house. 
I felt accomplished and I even thought I retained something for this test. I walked into the apartment, it was empty. I wondered where my mom was but I figured that out quickly, another date with Jack. I didn’t do much else the rest of the day but watch some sappy movies on TV. Ryan hadn’t called since yesterday, but it didn’t really bother me. He had a life, so did I, we should live it. I know what kind of girlfriend thinks that? I’m just not a jealous girlfriend, he needs to get out there and live, like the teenager he is.
 Chapter 4: Visions
I went to bed early and slept late on Sunday morning. My mom was making breakfast when I woke up. She was in a great mood. “Hey sweetie, I’m sorry I haven’t been around, but I made your favorite.” She said putting down a giant plate of pancakes as I sat at one of the counter stools at the kitchen counter.
 “Geez mom, why did you make so many?”
 “I thought you would be hungry sleeping in so late.” She said as she finished with the last pancake. 
They were good, my favorite strawberry banana pancakes. My mom had an interesting recipe she made her own strawberry syrup and cut the bananas up and blended them with the pancake mix so there were no chunks. I ate more than I thought I would just like my mom had predicted. Maybe she was kind of psychic too? “So wanna do anything today? I was thinking a movie?” she said as she started cleaning up breakfast.
 “Sounds good to me, anything you want to see?” I asked as I brought the remaining dishes to the sink. 
“We’ll just go and see what’s playing.” My mom said as she shooed me away to go shower. I listened and went to get ready. 
The movie theater was fifteen minutes away at the Neshaminy Mall. We found a movie, a romantic comedy of course. It wasn’t a bad movie either. We later had dinner at the mall Chinese at food court and it was time to get in some last minute studying before my test tomorrow. I felt accomplished; I had spent the whole weekend not thinking about Ian. I knew that would change Monday now that I had more to tell him. 
I drove to school and waited by his locker before class. He never showed. I went to class and he wasn’t there either, then five minutes later he showed. “Nice to see you again, Mr. Molina.” Mr. Rawlins said sarcastically and then went back to his speech on how we were supposed to behave for our trip next Monday. He rambled on about that for twenty more minutes before we started our poetry lesson. “Our first poem is on page 246, any volunteers on reading?...Annabel?” 
 “Sure Mr. Rawlins,” I said resentfully. I knew what poem it was before I opened the book, Annabel Lee. I started it, I nearly had this poem memorized after many English teachers had been inspired by my name, and pushed up the poetry lesson.
“It was many and many a year ago,
in a kingdom by the sea,
That a maiden there lived whom you may know
By the name ANNABEL LEE;
And this maiden she lived with no other thought
Than to love and be loved by me…”
He made me finish the whole poem by myself, the jerk.  “So does anyone have any thoughts about this?”
 “Besides the fact that this guy was demented?” Ian said with a smirk. 
“Mr. Molina I think you could come up with a more sophisticated response to this.” Mr. Rawlins replied tersely. 
“Well to prove my point he slept by Annabel’s tomb after she died. Normal people just don’t do that not even in poems” Ian reiterated. 
“Okay thank you for making yourself clearer, Mr. Molina. Anyone else have an opinion?” 
“I think this poem shows his undying love and devotion to Annabel, it’s not creepy to continue being devoted to the person you love even after they die.” I replied back after a long silence from the rest of the class. 
Mr. Rawlins seemed happy by the comment, “Good observation, Annabel. I think we will pick this up tomorrow and read another one of Poe’s works.” The bell rang shortly after. 
I caught up with Ian before he left the classroom, “What do you want?” he said his dislike for me still there. 
“First off thanks.”
 “For what?” he asked as he started down the hall, he wasn’t escaping our next class was together. 
“For talking about the poem. I feel like a freak when people hear that poem.”
 “Why? It’s nice,” He said with a shrug.
 “Yeah and weird as you so kindly pointed out.”
 He laughed it was a great sound to hear, “Yeah that part was weird. I’m sure no one even heard it, people don’t care, couldn’t you tell by the wild enthusiasm to talk about it” He said as we started down the staircase. 
“Well that’s not exactly why I’m talking to you.” I said guiltily. 
 “Let me guess you have more cryptic information for me.” He said not missing a beat. “You know this whole thing you’ve got going must be pretty tiring.”
 “What do you mean?” 
“How do you come up with these stories?” He said casually but it made me stop.
 “I’m not making it up, it’s all true and it will happen unless you are careful.”
 “Fine what is it?” He said not looking in the mood to argue with me. 
“Can I meet you at your locker before lunch and tell you?” I said looking around at the crowd surrounding us.
 “Yeah, sure you know where I’ll be,” he said as he took his seat far away from me in class. 
“So are you and Ian B.F.F.’s now?” Jamie said as I sat beside her. 
“No, we were just talking about English.”
 “Rawlins? What were you guys talking about?” 
“Yeah, he made me read Annabel Lee today.”
 “That’s not mean at all.” She replied wryly. 
 “That’s what I said. Ian said half the class probably didn’t even put together that my name was Annabel Lee.” 
“Oh Ian said,” Jamie added mockingly.
 “Oh shut up.” I said. 
“Are you ready for the test, in two periods?” Jamie said completely shifting topics. 
“I think so I looked it over again before school, I think I got it.”
 “Sounds good to me.” Jamie said as she turned around and paid attention to what the teacher was teaching. 
Forth period came all too quickly and there I was taking my first geometry test at a new school. Oddly enough after all the freaking out I did for the test. It was really easy, and I finished in half hour. Another class and then I was off to lunch. Ian was waiting by his locker like he said he would be. 
“Wow you’re actually here.” I said surprised. 
“I get you don’t take no as an answer.” He said rudely. 
“Gee thanks…and I thought you were warming up to me” I mumbled. He smiled and I knew I was sort of right. 
“What’s up?” he said.
 “First things first, I’m Annabel, I prefer Annie or Anna, or even Anne just not Annabel.” I said extending my hand.
 He smiled, “I’m Marco,” he said with a grin when he saw my face fall. “I’m kidding, it’s Ian,” he said trying to suppress a laugh. 
“Thank god” I said sounding too relieved.
 “Okay, what is it?” He said returning to the serious expression that was usually directed at me. 
“Well I found some more stuff out, stay out of parking lots at night, that’s where it’s going to happen.” He looked thoughtful for a moment. 
“I think you should tell me how you know this, Anna.” I looked around the empty corridor. Did I want to tell him? Did he deserve to know? 
“You will think I’m crazy if I told you.”
 “I already think you’re crazy,” he pointed out as he leaned back on his now closed locker. 
“Fine, but you can’t tell anyone this, I’ve never actually told anyone so, I think I’m sworn to personally kill you if you tell.” I said trying to make him back off but he didn’t.
 “Okay I won’t tell a soul, now what is it?” I looked around again no one was around.
 “I have visions of the future.” I said looking down and purposely avoiding his gaze. 
“Seriously?” was all he said.
 “Seriously. I had a vision after I first met you and then I had a dream this weekend.”
 “Do your visions always come true?” He asked, I guess starting to believe but I still didn’t dare to look up.
 “Yes.” 
“Anna.” Ian said as he used a finger to lift my chin up and look at him. The touch was electric; he had to have felt it. Just like the electric jolt of his touch I had a vision, a vision I would dare not tell him about. My cheeks reddened at the thought of the vision. “What?” he said as his hands quickly dropped back to his side. 
“I had a vision.”
 “Just like that?” He said. I nodded still embarrassed to be talking about this. “What was it?”
 “Nothing it was the same vision again.”
 “The one of me being attacked?” he asked his voice softer than I was accustomed to. He had that one eyebrow raised again, he wanted to say something but stopped and changed his train of thought. “Thanks for telling me, I promise I won’t tell a soul.” Ian said as he grabbed my bag and handed it to me. He grabbed his, but didn’t turn around, “If you wanna talk about it, Anna, I’ll listen.” He said before he turned around and walked down the hall. 
I couldn’t go see Jamie feeling as shaken as I did. What really happened in my vision, Ian was walking beside me. He stopped and turned around to look at me his hazel eyes completed focused on my face, making me blush. “You don’t get to protect me, Annie, I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
 “I’m not going anywhere!” I argued angrily. It felt like we had had this argument before. He placed his hands on my shoulders, the electricity present even in my vision. 
“Stay away from me I would never forgive myself if anything happened to you.” he said his eyes pleading with me. 
“I can’t.” 
 I didn’t say it in the dream but I felt it, like it was real. I couldn’t leave him alone because I was in love with him when that happened. 
My head was swirling from everything: the vision, revealing my secret, and Ian’s reaction just had me at a loss for words. How could he have accepted it so simply? Was I really a freak or was it more common than I thought? Did he know someone else that could see the future? I had to know if that’s why he was so calm. 
I pulled myself together as much as possible and went to class hoping to at least fool Jamie. “Where the hell were you?” 
“I… um had to meet a teacher about some work I’m behind on.” 
“Oh okay,” Jamie said and remained quiet the rest of the class much to my relief. 
I walked into 8th period and Ian was sitting where he had my first day of school. Was this his show of friendship? “I have another question for you.” I said as I walked past him.
 “What now?”  He said as he rolled his eyes.
 “Why did you just accept it, you didn’t say I was crazy or anything.”
 “I believe you,” he said with another shrug. 
“Why?”
 “Because it seems like that is the most plausible answer of how you know everything?” Ian said sounding annoyed.
 “Do you know someone else who can do what I do?” I whispered back. 
“What? No, Anna can’t you just accept that I believe you?” I leaned back into my chair and mumbled an apology. He turned around to face me then, “Why don’t you think I believe you, I saw it.”
 “Saw it?” I whispered back.
“Your vision. I saw what you saw when I touched you.” I was taken aback by that. That was not supposed to happen. 
 “What? That’s not possible.”
 “Well it’s true. We were walking and then I told you, you needed to stay away from me.” He said.
 “So you knew I lied when I said it was the same thing?”
 “Yeah, but I didn’t want to freak you out.” Ian whispered back. 
“Can we talk after?” I asked my voice shaky from what he had just told me.  He nodded and turned around.
This guy was shaking my earth to its core, and I didn’t know how to deal. I was scared, he saw the vision, did he feel what I felt, did he feel what he felt? My mind spun with different scenarios. I couldn’t pay attention the rest of class. My only conclusion was this was not good.
“Do you wanna grab a coffee or something.” Ian said as the bell rang. 
“Sounds good to me.” I said as we walked into the hallway together. 
“Annie,” Jamie said as she stopped at my locker, “Wanna grab a bite now?”
 I felt my cheeks redden, “Um actually I’m grabbing coffee with someone.” I said hiding my cheeks by digging in my locker. 
“With who?” She said with a knowing smile.
 “It’s not what you think.” I tried. 
 “It is Ian.” She said happily.
 “Yes, but we are just working on an English project.”
 “Sure,” she said as she rolled her eyes, “Just remember Ryan when you are looking into Ian’s dark, mysterious eyes.” Jamie said and then turned and walked away.
“What was that about?” Ian said as he came up beside me. 
“Nothing just wanted to hang out told her I was busy. Where’s this coffee shop?” I said as we walked into the parking lot. 
“It’s a ten minute drive” he said with a smirk. 
“Do you have a car?” I asked.
 “Not today,” he said. 
“How did you know I had a car?” 
He shrugged, “Guessed.” 
“Wait, what does not today mean?” 
“It means my mom needed her car.” Ian said with a shrug as he got into the passenger side of my car. “Nice car.” He said as he got comfortable. 
“It’s my mom’s.”
 “Then why do you have it?”
 “She works at home.” He nodded in understanding. 
“So go down Roosevelt and the Starbucks will be on your left.” I nodded, and drove out of the parking lot. 
“Why did you pick a place so far?” I said already knowing the answer. 
“So we had time to talk.” I nodded.
 “I figured, what are we supposed to talk about?” 
“Your visions, are they always so vivid?” He asked curious as to my answer.
 “They feel real but I always know it’s a vision. What always get me are the emotions.”
 “Emotions? Like you feel what they feel?” He asked curiously.
 “Sort of, it’s mostly my own feelings or if it’s from a different perspective the other emotions.” 
“Well that is cool.”  He remarked.
 “Did you believe me before when I told you to watch out?” 
“It freaked me out, but I thought it was a joke, you couldn’t possibly know that.” He said thinking back, “But when I saw your vision, I knew you were telling me the truth and I felt like a jerk.”
 “No, it’s fine I expected you to react like that.”
 “Do most people react how I did?” He said turning the full force of his eyes on me. The golds and greens were more vivid in the sunlight, the fluorescents did no justice for his exotic looks. 
“Actually, I’ve never seen anything that I had to warn people about. You are the first person I ever warned and told. Actually you are the first person I’ve ever met in a vision first.”
 “What do you mean?” 
“Normally they are stupid visions, so and so is going to walk in the room in five minutes. I also never had a vision about someone I had never met before, it was freaky.”
 “So what was your first vision of me?” He said his grin apparent making my pulse increase. 
 “You were walking in late to Mr. Rawlins class like the first day I saw you.”
 “Oh I thought it was going to be something cooler,” he said a bit disappointed.
 “Believe me this is about the most boring gift you could have. I don’t see lottery numbers or winning games, just people I know.” He laughed a rich sound that sounded sweeter than chocolate. 
“What is wrong with me?” I said absently out loud. 
“What are you talking about?” Ian asked. I was thinking about Ryan, the guilt starting to seep in, but I didn’t want to mention that to Ian. I wanted to see where this was going with him. 
“Oh never mind I was thinking out loud.” 
He laughed, “Do you do that often?”
 “Sometimes,” I said, “So where is this coffee shop?” 
“Five more minutes,” he said. 
 “Why did you sit in front of me today in eighth period?”
 “Listen, I don’t want to be friends or anything but I don’t think you’re some creepy stalker now.”
 “Um thanks?” There was an awkward few moments of silence.
 “Why don’t you wanna be my friend?” I asked trying fill the silence.
 “You don’t wanna be friends with me, Anna, you’re too sweet a girl.” 
“What does that mean?”
 “It means I know what happens in that vision and we shouldn’t be hanging around together or you’re going to get hurt.” Great, this is the payback I get from him seeing my vision. We pulled up to the Starbucks and I parked.
 Chapter 5: Me too
Ian paid for both of our drinks I guess to make up for being a jerk or because maybe he actually liked me, but I dropped the latter thought quickly. “So does it run in your family?” Ian said as he finished putting the sugars in his coffee. 
“Um not that I know of, my mom doesn’t at least.”
 “What about your dad?” 
“Haven’t seen him since I was six so I have no clue.”
 He nodded, “Yeah my mom is alone too.”
 “What happened to your dad?” 
“He died two years ago of a heart attack.”
 “I’m sorry.” I whispered back.
 “My mom’s great though she does the best she can for me.”
 “Yeah, my mom tries to make everything as easy as possible for me.” 
“So where are you from?” He said after several moments of chugging his coffee. 
“Well we just moved from Boston, but I only lived there for a year.”
 “Why did you move?”  He asked genuine curiosity on his face. His eyes were focused on me and he leaned in his chair casually. One hand on his Venti coffee and the other propping his head up on the small table between us.
“My mom’s not big on being stationary too long so I haven’t stayed anywhere long enough to consider it home.” I said a little uncomfortable with the direction of conversation.
  “Where else have you lived?” He continued. 
“New York, Georgia, Florida, Maryland, and California.” 
“Wow you guys have been around. Where did you stay the longest?” He was like twenty questions. I gave him all the answers he wanted but I never got mine in return.
“My mom is from California so I lived there until I was six when she divorced my dad.” 
“So that is the place where you were for the longest?” I nodded and continued drinking my Frappachino. “It must be cool to travel though, I’ve never really left the tri-state area.” Ian said before taking another swig of coffee. 
“It gets tiring after a while… I wish we would just stay somewhere.” I said wistful.
 “Where would have you liked to stay?” It was something I had been thinking about a lot lately. 
 “I thought we loved Boston…until she said we were moving to Philly over spring break.” 
“What was so special about Boston?” Ian said showing friendly interest nothing more. 
“I loved the school I was going to, the classes, I had made great friends, and even found a boyfriend, but we moved.”
 “So you cut all ties?” 
“Sort of, I’m still with Ryan I guess but it’s complicated.”
 “He’s the boyfriend?” 
I nodded, “I’m not really optimistic about this long distance thing, it never works.”
 “How’s it going? How long has it been since you last saw each other?” 
“It was better when we were together, we don’t really have much to talk about anymore, we don’t just talk about random things like we are doing now.” I said and instantly regretted making the connection. “I haven’t seen him in three weeks.” I added quickly. 
“It seems too soon for there to be a problem.” Ian replied, “You didn’t like him to begin with did you?” 
“I do, Ryan is one of the nicest guys I’ve ever met.” I said defensively. 
“That doesn’t sound like you love the guy, sounds more like a friend to me.” Ian said. He was hitting to close to home and I was a bit uncomfortable about how he was reading my feelings. 
 “I like him. I really do.” I said trying to sound convincing and not even convincing myself. 
“Really?” He said studying my expression for a second, “Sounds more like a friend than a boyfriend.” He challenged.
 Ian was spot on, but I didn’t admit that to him. I swear there was a manual on me that everyone had read and I didn’t know about. Hopefully, Ian wasn’t too in touch with my feelings and didn’t notice my massive crush on him or my wandering eyes over his perfect face. His eyes were a masterpiece that always entranced me but the rest of his face wasn’t bad either. He had a strong jaw that led to the perfect full mouth covering even, white teeth. His skin was lightly tanned but he looked Hispanic. It was probably a natural tan. 
“So what do I get to know about you?” I asked finishing off my drink. 
“What do you wanna know?” He setting down his coffee with a thump.
 “Why do you keep to yourself?” 
He laughed softly, “Not really into the crowds.” 
“Do you have any friends at school?” I said a bit anxious that I fumbled with the straw on my empty drink.
“Maybe,” he said with a smile.
 “I answered your questions I think it’s fair you answer mine.”
 He chuckled again, “You're right I know some people, don’t really like to get close to people.”
 “Are those people from my vision your friends?” 
His smile disappeared, “No.” 
“Do you know them?” 
He just looked at me, “I think it’s better if you don’t know.” Ian said, his expression guarded. I didn’t push it, I couldn’t when he looked so upset about the topic. 
“So are you an amazing writer or was last week’s blog a fluke?” He chuckled and seemed relieved by the subject change. 
“According to Mr. Rawlins, if I’m not a famous writer by the age of thirty, he failed as a teacher.” I couldn’t help but laugh at that, it sounded exactly like our English teacher. 
“Is that what you want to do?” I asked curious. 
“Honestly, I never thought about it until he said something, but I think I’d like to be a writer. I love writing, it transports me to another place.”
 I knew what he meant, “That’s how I feel when I’m holding my camera.”
 “You’re into photography?” He asked I nodded, “I’d like to see some of your pictures.”
 “I haven’t been doing it long enough I have a couple nice pictures.” I said trying to brush off the topic.
 “What would you write?” I asked, returning the topic back to him.
 He shrugged, “I don’t know, I never really thought about it.”
 “Have you written any short stories?” I asked curiously.
 “Some, mostly mysteries.”
 “That sounds like a preference to me.” I said with a chuckle.
My phone vibrated, I looked at it, it was Ryan. I wasn’t going to answer now. So I ignored it sent a text message and freaked when I saw the time. “Oh my god it’s five.” I said jumping out of my chair.
 “Yeah, you have somewhere to be?” 
“No, but I just didn’t realize we had been here for three hours.” I said still in disbelief. 
“We can go then?” He said standing up too. He grabbed our empty cups and walked to the trash can. 
“Are you willing to let me see where you live?” I asked jokingly, when we started walking to my car. 
“You act like I’m keeping secrets from you.” He retorted defensively. 
 “Technically you are.” I pointed out. 
“I met you last week I’m allowed my secrets.” He responded without even a flash of emotion on his face.
 I shrugged and got into the car. “So where do I go? 

~~~
I pulled up in front of a townhouse on the center of whatever street I was on. 
“So this is your house?” I said as he stayed in the car. 
“Yeah, Anna, so um I think we shouldn’t talk anymore after this.” He said quickly and opened the door. 
My mouth dropped, “But…”
 “I had fun but you saw your vision…we shouldn’t be around each other.” He said and just as quickly got out of the car and walked into his house without even turning around again. 
I must have sat in shock in front of his house for about ten minutes before I composed myself enough to drive. What the hell had just happened? I thought everything was changing between us and then he just ruins it. He was going to drive me insane. I was sure of it. Philadelphia was going to be the death of me. I arrived home, the shock still had not completely dissipated. 
“Hey honey, where have you been?” My mom asked from the kitchen, she was cooking  dinner. It was that late.
“Went for coffee after school.”
 “For three hours? With who?” My mom said that motherly expression crossing her face. 
“With Ian.” 
“Really?” My mom said with a knowing smile, “I thought he didn’t like you.” She smiled wickedly, “Actually I thought he hated your guts.” 
 I rolled my eyes, “Mom, not now please.” I said as I fell onto the sofa avoiding her face.
 “Something good happened I have to know.” My mom said abandoning her cooking post and sitting beside me throwing herself on the sofa in pile of throw pillows.  
I groaned but started telling her anyway. “We were just talking about school and stuff.” 
“What kind of stuff?”
 “Family, moving, teachers, Ryan…does that answer your question?” 
“Why would you ever bring up Ryan?” My mom asked inquiringly.
 I shrugged, “We talked about everything, Ryan is a part of it.”
 My mom smiled again, “So you can talk to him about anything?” I looked at her overly excited face; I wasn’t sure what it meant.
“Why are you so happy?”
 “I’ve never seen you so into someone before,” my mom said tears developing her eyes. “Do you think this is your great high school love?” She said wistfully. I jumped off the couch. 
“I’m not in love!” I said too loudly, “We are only friends, and barely friends at that.” My mom just nodded, knowing this wasn’t an issue I wanted her to push. 
“Dinner will be ready in fifteen minutes.” She said getting back up and heading to the kitchen. 
“Maybe you can invite Ian over for dinner soon?” My mom said with a chuckle.
 “Mom, not cool,” I said frustrated as I walked into my room and closed the door. 
This whole Ian situation was starting to get really confusing and made me miss Boston even more. Just like that I was calling Ryan. “Hey stranger, what were you doing earlier?” He said when he picked up the call. 
“I was having coffee with Jamie.”
 “You must have been talking forever.” 
“She’s a lot of fun you would like her she’s kind of like my mom.” 
“I can see why you like her so much.” Ryan said teasingly. He knew how close I was to my mother and how much I told her. She was the first one I told about Ryan, and our first kiss, and our first date. She is my mother so she doesn’t know I let him get to second base, after all a lady shouldn’t kiss and tell, specifically to her mother. 
“I miss you, Annie,” he said sounding sadder than the last time I saw him. 
“I miss you too, Ry.” I replied with a sigh. 
 “So Easter vacation is coming up, do you think your mom would mind if I visited? I’ll take a train down and we will have five days together.” Words escaped me, Ryan visiting me, did not seem like a good idea. 
“Um wow, that sounds good, I don’t know what my mom will say but I’ll ask her at dinner.”
 “You don’t sound as excited as I thought you would.” Ryan said the resentment obvious. He was steamed that I hadn’t said yes instantly.
“I am, I’m just not sure what my mom will say.” I backpedaled. 
 “Well convince her.” Ryan said like it was the easiest thing in the world. 
“You know I don’t have off from school for Easter?”
 “That sucks, but it’s only a few school days I’ll survive. Maybe I could come to school with you.” I gulped that would be a terrible idea. 
“I gotta go, Ryan, dinner is ready.”I said lying. I still had time I just couldn’t deal with his plans at the moment.
 “Okay,” he said sounding disappointed. We said our goodbyes and I walked back into the living room. 
“My life sucks!” I said as fell onto the sofa my head in the throw pillows. 
“What’s wrong?” My mom said as she continued setting the table for dinner.
 “Ryan wants to come and visit.” I said sitting up. 
“That’s a great idea, maybe you won’t miss him as much.” I gave her my most insulted look. “You are worried about Ryan meeting Ian?” She finished, seeing my dilemma. 
 “No, not really I told him about Ian, I mean sort of.” 
“Do you think he will notice your crush?” She said snapping right to the root of my worries.
“Yeah, maybe that is it?” I thought over how I could make this work again.
 My mom shook her head, “I think you are afraid of what you will realize, not what Ryan will figure out.” My mom finished cryptically. Sometimes the woman sounded like a fortune cookie. What did she even mean?
I walked over to the dining room table with two dishes and took my usual seat. “He wants to go to school with me the days I have school.” 
My mom shrugged, “I’m fine with it,” my mom said.
 “Why can’t you be one of those mothers that would forbid this?” 
“I like Ryan,” She said unenthusiastically. “He can visit is all I’m saying. You can say no.”
 “But then he will know something is up.” My mom shrugged. She wasn’t being very sympathetic to my pain. 
“You already said it. Why are you worried when you and Ian are barely friends? Ryan will meet Jamie and I’m sure that will be enough for him.” 
I nodded, I was making a big issue of it in my head. It’s not like Ian actually liked me, he made that perfectly clear today. Why did I keep thinking of him when he wanted nothing to do with me? 
I spent the rest of dinner telling myself there was no reason to talk to Ian again. Sure he was the only person to know I had visions, but he was supposed to die. I warned him, I couldn’t do anything else, particularly if he didn’t want to associate with me. I was over it, at least I would be if I kept repeating it for the rest of the night. 
I tried keeping it in my head and was successful in remembering it but I failed in actually getting a good night’s sleep. My alarm went off and I felt like my eyes had just closed. “Good morning,” my mom said as I walked into the living room. She was chipper and well dressed. She already grabbed her morning coffee and maybe visited with Jack. 
“Morning,” I said still trying to fight off the sleepiness. I felt like the walking dead. 
“You look like you slept well.” She said handing me a cup of coffee. 
“Thanks,” I said as I sipped the delicious brew. I relished the steam and the alertness that was coming to me after only a few sips. This would at least get me to third period before I crashed. 
I left enjoying my second cup of coffee as I drove to school.  My mom didn’t mind because it gave her another reason to go to the coffee shop.  She didn’t mind that I drank coffee or the effects of it stunting my growth after I shot up six inches two years ago. She said I needed some stunting before I was a giant. 
I went into my first period a little jittery but awake and I sat in my usual seat. I looked around, Ian was across the room, as usual. I just gave him a quick glance before I returned to my plan of completely ignoring him. I thought it was working quite successfully until I caught him watching me a few times. I’d feel someone staring at me and I’d turn and see him turning his head, not really subtle. I remained on task and didn’t even look for him in our next class. 
 Chapter 6: I’m Moving On…Honest
“So what was yesterday about?” Jamie asked as I sat beside her. 
“Nothing, he’s a jerk.” I said still trying to not think about him. 
“Oh…so you’re over it?” She said a hint of worry mixed with confusion flashed over her face. 
“Yeah, I don’t know what I was thinking. I have Ryan, and he’s not a jerk to me.” Jamie shrugged but didn’t say anything further. It was very uncharacteristic of her but I wasn’t complaining.  
“So you are moving past Ian?” Jamie said after a few moments of silence.
 I nodded, “No more talking about him, no more talking to him, nothing.” Her look of worry increased slightly but she still didn’t say anything again.
 “As long as you are sure about this.” Jamie finished. 
 “I am…on a lighter note, would you like to meet Ryan?”
 Her face brightened, “Of course!” she said a little loudly that the teacher looked at her. “Yeah, when?” 
“He’s coming to visit in two weeks.”
 “Oh that’s so sweet!” Jamie said, in a high pitched whisper.
 “We’ll talk about it more at lunch.” I said as I saw the teacher still glaring at us.
I was happy to get my math test back in fourth period thanks to Jamie’s study lesson I had aced the test. I was only two points lower than Jamie but I still got an A so I was content. Lunch came quickly, the day was moving faster hopefully thanks to the fact that I was in dire need of a nap. I walked to my locker, where there was an odd sight waiting for me. Ian. 
“What do you want?” I said as I tried to get to my locker but he refused to let me.
 “Are you mad at me?” I looked at him confused, but I didn’t know what to say.
 “I know I was harsh yesterday, especially after…” but he stopped talking. 
“Why are you here? I’m doing what you said.” I said trying and failing again to get to my locker. I sighed, “Can I get into my locker, please?” 
“Are you going to listen to me?” I nodded, and he moved aside. 
“I said it but I didn’t think you were going to listen.”
 “Why not?” 
“Because you never listened before,” he said moving a little too close to me for comfort or coherent thought.
 He was literally trying to make my head explode from confusion.
“Listen, I’m not getting this…” I said frustrated, “You tell me to leave you alone, I do. What’s the problem?” He didn’t say anything he just looked past me. “Before I had to tell you, you were in danger, I told you that’s all I had to do” I said finishing with my locker and slamming it closed. He still wasn’t saying anything. “My god can you say something?” I said as I grabbed my bag and threw it over my shoulders. 
“You were right.” My eyes felt like they popped out of my head like those bugs bunny cartoons. 
“What?” I asked stunned.
“From what I heard, Dom is pissed at me.”
 “So you know that guy?” I said surprised.
 He nodded, “He’s not a friend, just an acquaintance.” 
“Is that all you wanted to say?” I said my voice a lot softer than before. “I’m sorry. Stay in at night, okay?”
 He nodded, “I want to see it.”
 “See what?” 
“That vision.”
 I looked at him confused, “It doesn’t work that way. I still don’t even know how you saw it.”
 “Can you try?” He said moving closer to me again. He was really making it impossible for me to move past my crush. The blood was creeping up to my face, but he didn’t say a word. 
“I guess,” I looked down and thought about it.  I grabbed his hand and I felt that jolt again.  I had a repeat vision, but it wasn’t the one Ian wanted to see, it was the one we saw before. I dropped his hand. “I told you…I don’t really have control…it has a mind of its own.” I said taking a step back hoping my heart would recover from his touch. 
He looked at me, “You saw what we saw yesterday, right?” he responded, I nodded. I needed to go, whatever this kid had on me, it was draining.
 “I need to go to lunch.” I said before I walked away. He had a hand propping him up on the wall his head facing down towards the floor.
 “Go,” he said and just like that I didn’t talk to him again for the rest of the week. 
I don’t think it was nearly as hard for him as it was for me. I tried my best repeating that I didn’t need to be around him, but my body was drawn to him, no matter how much I fought it. I’d go to the bathroom and accidentally run into him in the hall. I’d leave lunch early so I wouldn’t run into him and I’d run into him. It was hopeless. I couldn’t get him out of my head. He was always in my head or always close enough that I couldn’t focus on anything else. 
At the end of eighth period on Friday, he was waiting outside of class for me. He looked at me his expression emotionless, and I followed him to his locker. I felt like a lost puppy that couldn’t say no to him. “Do you wanna talk?” he asked casually like we hadn’t been ignoring each other all week. 
My mouth kind of dropped open, “You know even with visions I can’t figure you out.” I said a hint of suspicion in my voice. 
“I just want to try again somewhere where you can focus.” He said.
 “You’re scared.” I said seeing the emotion clear away as quickly as it appeared.
 “Can we go somewhere to talk alone?” He said as he finished in his locker. 
“My mom has a date in an hour?” 
He nodded, “I’m fine with that.”
 “Okay well I’ll meet you in the parking lot?” He nodded and walked away. 
“You say you are over this guy and then I catch you talking to him?” Jamie said standing at my locker.
 “It’s complicated.” I said, not wanting to have this conversation before I processed what was happening myself.
 “You’ve known him two weeks how complicated can it be?” 
 “Very,” I said closing my locker.
 “Movies tonight still?” She said nonchalantly.
 “Um I don’t know, I gotta see how things go with Ian, first.” Her eyebrows rose, and she was smiling. She knew this would happen and was rubbing it in my face as much as my mom would be when I get home.
 “Okay, just text me, we can always reschedule for tomorrow…have fun.” She said with a wink as she walked away.  I sighed and walked to the parking lot. Ian was leaning on the passenger side of my car.
 “Get in,” I said as I unlocked the doors. 
I sat in the car nervously, waiting for him to speak. “I have to see your vision.” He said after several moments of silence. 
“Why?” 
“I think it’s happening soon.”
 “So what will seeing the vision do?” I asked stealing a glance at him. 
“Maybe there are landmarks I will notice that you don’t know about.”
 “Okay, but how are you really going to prevent it?”
 “I’m working on it, but it’s hard if I haven’t seen it.” He said looking at me he had thought this out for a while, and I was his last option. He didn’t want to die, and I didn’t want him to die. Was my mom right, no matter what I did, was I already in love with him? 
“I’ll try…did they hurt you?” I asked knowing something had caused him to ask me again. 
He looked down, “Let’s just wait till we are at your house.” They did, but I nodded and tried to force away the tears that were starting to blur my vision. This was my fault I should have been there. 
 I parked and walked up to my apartment, Ian was close behind holding both our bags. I unlocked the door, my mom was standing there in an emerald green dress. “Annie, so glad your home, what shoes…” she stopped talking when she saw Ian walk in behind me. 
“Mom, this is Ian. Ian, This is my mom.” She extended her hand. 
“Call me Charlie,” She said with a smile. 
“Thank you,” he said as he shook her hand.
 “We are working on an English project.” I said trying to ease the silence, “Want something to drink, Ian?” I asked nervously.
 “Sure,” he replied already seeming comfortable as he dropped our bags by the sofa and followed me to the kitchen. 
“That’s your mom?” he whispered beside me as we stood in the small kitchen.
 I nodded, “Yup.”
 “She looks really young.” He said turning around to look at her again.
 “Don’t go hitting on my mom, now,” I said as I handed him a coke. 
“Thanks, and I wasn’t even thinking that,” he said, but he was if he had to point out that he wasn’t thinking about it.
“Annie, can you help me pick out shoes before your…um study date. Jack is supposed to be here soon we are going to see the Lion King on stage.” She said excitedly.
 “Sounds like fun.” I said as I followed her into her room. 
“My god, Annie, he’s a hunk. Now I trust you but behave I want him home before ten.” 
I nodded, “Got it mom, but seriously we are working on a project.” 
“I hope not for long.” 
“Mom!” I said embarrassed, I pulled out a pair of shoes, “These,” and I walked out. 
“Sorry about that.”
 “What was she giving you a lecture on having boys over when she’s leaving?” He replied mockingly as he settled into the sofa like he belonged there.
“I wish, she just wanted to make sure I would behave and not make out after ten.” He laughed, it was genuine, I noticed the magnificence of it again and I suppressed the sigh that tried to escape. 
“Does she know I’m not Ryan?” Ian said after he stopped laughing.
 “Yeah,” I said as I grabbed my bag and walked into my bedroom. Ian didn’t follow at first but soon got the hint and followed me. I sat at my Lime green lounger while he sat at my Ikea desk, that had seen better days.
“Nice room,” he said as he settled into my kind of hard computer chair.
“So we should wait to try again until she’s gone but why don’t you tell me what’s going on.” He couldn’t get out of it, and he knew it. The look of utter defeat told me he was going to spill. 
“Well I saw a couple of them yesterday, not Dominic but I saw a few others.” He stood up, turned around and pulled off his shirt, geez I was going to melt from just seeing his bare back. Then I looked closer and saw the yellowish, purple marks covering his lower back. 
“They attacked you?” I said the words coming out no more than a startled whisper. He pulled down his shirt and turned around.
 “It was a warning,” he said as he sat back down.
 “What about your chest and arms?” I asked, hoping to see all his injuries even if that meant staring at every muscle on his body. 
“They are bruised too but my back’s the worst.”
 “Can I see?” I chirped still not gaining full control of my voice. 
He looked at me for a moment, and pulled up his sleeves. There were two large handprints on each arm, I didn’t even think about it before I realized that I had stood up to get a closer look. I tried with all my might not to touch him. Not to touch his bruises but I couldn’t resist the urge. I ran my fingers across the finger print. I felt the usual shock but moved past it. There was no accompanying vision. He looked at my hand for a moment but didn’t say anything. I pulled my hand away. “I’m sorry,” I said moving back towards my seat. 
“It’s okay,” he said rolling down his sleeves. 
“You should try to stay inside.” I said knowing I was stating the obvious. There was a knock on my door, “Come in, mom” I said finally snapping out of my Ian daze.
 “Just leaving.” She said as she peaked in and looked around, she seemed disappointed, “I left money for pizza if you two get hungry.” My mom said before she left.
 “Thanks,” and just like that she was gone and we were alone.  
“They are gonna find me no matter what.” Ian said the darkness of his tone frightened me.
 “Why are they after you?”
 “It’s a long story.” He said trying to avoid the topic again. 
“We have a long time.” I said. 
He sighed, “Okay, fine.” He moved and sat on my bed slightly closer to me. “My family…well my cousin happens to be the leader of a local gang, that you shouldn’t know the name of,” he said looking at me for a moment, “I help him out occasionally but I quit. Marcus was fine with it but Dom was pissed. Dom is Marc’s right hand man, he didn’t think I should be able to come and go so easily. I left last week for good. I told them I didn’t want anything else to do with anyone.” He stopped again to gage my reaction; I tried not to show any. “Then you told me about the vision the next day and scared the hell out of me.” He said leaning forward and blatantly staring at me. 
“So you are not a part of the gang?” I said it but it didn’t seem right somehow, but it made enough sense for now. 
“Marc asked me to help sometimes, he’s family, I didn’t want to say no.”
 “Have you talked to Marc about Dom’s plan?” 
“What am I supposed to tell him? My friend had a vision and Dom is gonna kill me.” 
“No, but they attacked you, that is something to tell him.”
 “Anna, I can’t.”
 “Why?” I said standing up. “They are going to kill you. Don’t you care?”
 “What if they aren’t? What if I tell Marc and he puts the idea in Dom’s head.” Ian said sounding more reasonable than I was. I sat beside him on the bed. I wanted to cry, but knew that would just prove that my feelings were more than I wanted them to be for Ian. 
“How about we just try for this vision again” Ian said grabbing my hand. The electricity shot through my body, I couldn’t think of anything else, “Focus, Anna,” Ian said. Did he feel it too? My body was tingling, I didn’t want to think of anything else but his arms wrapping around me. “Annie? Do you see it?”
 “No, I’m trying, chill,” I said, my voice sounded strained. I did, I tried to think back to the vision. It was there but how did I make him see it?  “I can’t do it.” I said frustrated. I pulled my hand away from his. 
“I’m sorry” Ian said but didn’t touch me again, “I just want to try to stop this.” He continued. 
“I don’t want it to happen either, I want to be wrong.” I said hoping my voice was coming out steady. He looked at me without saying a word. “Why don’t you just try to describe every single detail to me.” Ian said turning slightly to completely face me.
 I nodded, “Okay.” 
“It starts with you and me in this parking lot. It’s dark and there are no cars in the parking lot but there are lined spaces that specifically show that it is a parking lot. These four guys come out of the shadows. Dom was in front of the three other guys, but they were walking towards us. You moved forward closer to Dom. Two men grabbed each of your arms and moved you closer. I don’t know if they noticed me or not but they didn’t come towards me. Dom started punching you and the other men joined in on the attack. They were hitting you from every end and it looked bad. You were trying to fight back but you weren’t a match and they kept on with the attack. You were barely moving when they stopped. Dom leaned forward, closer to the ground, grabbing your collar and said, ‘This is your last chance to reconsider, Molina’ and you said, ‘fuck off Dom’ and he starts pummeling you again. You lose consciousness and they walk away. I run over and check for a pulse, at first on your wrist and then you neck. There isn’t one.” I said without one interruption from Ian.
Chapter 7: Denial
 I had started crying during my story and didn’t realize it until I finished. Ian was looking at me, his expression pained. “There weren’t any street signs? A time?” I shook my head, sobs were building in my throat, I didn’t want to talk. “Are you okay, Anna?” Ian said but didn’t touch me. I wanted him to hug me and say everything was alright but it wasn’t his style. 
“I’m okay…I just…” I tried to take a deep calming breath to no avail.
 “Anna, I’m sorry,” Ian said clearly uncomfortable.
 “Why are you sorry?” I asked trying to hide the suppressed sobs building in my throat. 
“I pushed you. This is obviously too hard for you. I’ll deal with it on my own.” I looked at him in disbelief, after seeing me cry, did he really think I was going to let him push me out of the picture again.
 “No,” I said firmly, the strength starting to come back to my voice. “Like hell are you keeping me out of this again.”
 “I should go,” he said standing up. He was trying to bolt. 
I stood up and grabbed his arm, “Ian, you need me.” I ignored the vibrations throughout my body and focused on what was happening right now. 
 He turned around and looked at me surprised, “I thought you said you did your job already?” He said with a smirk that was meant to be sarcastic.
 “You can’t push and pull me back into your life when it’s convenient for you.” I said stepping closer to him. 
“You think this is easy for me?” He shouted back. “I know you think you are going to die but didn’t you think you should be nice to the girl that’s trying to help you?” I dropped my hand, but still remained close to him. 
“Anna,” He said almost as a sigh. He looked drained, everything that had happened so far had caught up to him and it showed. “You saw the vision…I don’t want anything to happen to you,” he said stepping even closer to me.
 “Nothing happened to me in the vision. Why are you so worried?”
 “You don’t know that, they could come back for you.” Ian said still noticeably in my space.
“So you are protecting me?” I said feeling confused. His hands brushed down my arms, making goosebumps in the wake of his touch.
 “Is that a bad thing?” He asked. I tried to focus my attention on our conversation and not the mind numbingly amazing feelings that his hands sent through me.
 “Not when it means that you are more likely to die.” He groaned he was as frustrated as me, but I didn’t get why. I was the one being shut out, he was just trying to get away when everything got murky. 
“Annie, if it’s supposed to happen it will happen.” I couldn’t believe what he was saying, “I don’t want you around if it does.”
 “Are you crazy?” I said the anger made me louder than I wanted to be.
 “No, I think I’m the only one here actually being rational.” He said, his voice raised but not as loud as mine. 
“I’m in that vision whether you like it or not, I’m involved,” and then I sat on the couch realizing what I had just said. I was in the vision. “What if I wasn’t around do you think they’d still attack you?” I said sitting on my bed again.
 Ian sat beside me, “I thought about it but after what happened I don’t think you being there really matters.” He seemed so calm, when I was mentally freaking out. Tears started rushing down my face again. I was coming off like a big baby! Ian’s expression looked pained when he saw me crying, “Anna, I’m sure we will figure this out” he said as he actually pulled me into a hug. A much needed, long awaited hug. The feeling of pure ecstasy from being in his embrace dissipated quickly as I had another vision.
We were standing in the parking lot, it was dark, Ian was standing beside me, his expression was worried. ‘I told you to stay away, Anna,’ he was saying to me, he was turned to face me. His face was deathly serious,
‘I couldn’t, we can change what happens.’ I said hopefully, tears stinging my eyes.  
He touched my cheek, ‘Anna, if you love me you will run as far as possible from this place and don’t look back.’ I shook his hand away. 
‘No, I’m not leaving you alone!’ His eyes were completely focused on me, they were scared. ‘If they are coming for you tonight, I’m going to be here whether that means they come after me next or what, I don’t care.’ He stopped arguing and touched my cheek. 
‘I love you,’ he said before he walked out of the shadows and saw four large men, waiting. I never said it back but I felt it. Dom walked towards Ian and threw a firm punch. Ian started fighting back instantly and seemed to get some good punches on Dom, but the other men quickly joined in and Ian didn’t stand a chance anymore. I stayed in the shadows crying, the raw pain was not present in the other visions but here. I felt like my heart was being torn out of my chest. They stopped hitting him and Dom leaned forward grabbing, Ian’s collar, ‘this is your last chance to reconsider, Molina.’ Dom said the words too close to Ian’s face.
 ‘Fuck off, Dom,’ Ian spits out using his remaining strength. 
Dom punches him, ‘Who are you protecting?” Dom says but never stops punching Ian to get a reply. He stops and the four men walk away. I run over to Ian’s body and checked for a pulse. There isn’t one. I start crying, barely breathing. 
Ian pulled me out of his arms as soon as he saw the vision. His face was frantic, multiple emotions were flying across his face at lightning speed I could barely register any. “Was that it?” he said his voice hoarse. I nodded, new tears pouring out. He stood up and walked out of my bedroom. I followed, I didn’t want him to leave not when it was all clear. “I think I need to leave.” Ian said, he still didn’t look like he recovered from what he had seen. 
“Wait, Ian we should talk about this. How about I order pizza and then I take you home.” He looked at me incredulously. Had I grown two heads since the vision?
“Did you just see that?” Ian said his voice definitely not stable. He was pointing to my room, he was freaked out. 
“I saw it,” I whispered back.
 “I can’t be here with you,” he said starting towards the front door. I ran to it and stood in front of the door.
 “Ian, we need to talk about this before you walk out of here.”
 “No, I can’t.” I touched his arm.
 “Just listen to me for a few minutes.” He seemed to be calming down. “Let’s sit down, order pizza, after we eat I will drive you home. If you don’t ever want to see me again after that then fine.” I said hoping he would stay, hoping he wouldn’t just walk out of my life. 
“Fine,” he said and walked to the kitchen counter and sat down. I stood in front of the door not sure if he was going to try to leave after I moved. After several moments of silence I moved towards him. “What kind of pizza do you want?” I asked as I grabbed the kitchen phone and prepared to dial. 
“Any is good…” 
“Do you eat meat?” He nodded and said nothing else. 
“Hi, can I get a Sausage pizza.” I said and then told them my address and stuff.
“I’ve never seen that much before.” I said hoping I could scratch at what he was thinking. “You are usually just walking over to them when I have the vision.”
 “At least you didn’t lie to me.” He mumbled, still not looking completely happy to be there. 
“Did you recognize the parking lot?”
 “It was pretty unremarkable.” He grumbled still not showing any enthusiasm. 
“What are you thinking about?” I asked afraid of the answer. 
He looked at me for several seconds without saying a word. “Doesn’t it scare you?” 
“What?” I asked confused.
 “Knowing what’s going to happen here.” He said pointing between us. I looked at him surprised he hadn’t made it past the ‘I love you’ in the vision. 
“The future changes…I’ve never actually seen it happen but this will change. It’s still your future.” I said hoping he wasn’t running scared because of only that.
 He didn’t seemed convinced, “Do you think that this will have something to do with you?” 
“That wasn’t there before, so I think what happened has changed, it just hasn’t changed enough.” 
“How would they know anything about you?” 
I shrugged, “Maybe they think that I was the reason you left?” I said knowing it sounded like I was full of myself but making the best observation. 
“Maybe…I guess that sounds better than trying to use you for your powers.” He said a small laugh escaping. 
“Yeah, I said unless you told someone.” His face went serious as soon as the words came out of my mouth.
“I didn’t tell a soul.”
 “I know, I trust you.” That didn’t seem to comfort him, but that could have been from me touching his hand. I quickly pulled my hand away. I hoped he didn’t read into it. “Pizza’s here,” I said standing up quickly and opening the door. “Here you go,” I said as I handed the guy the money and closed the door behind him. I placed the pizza on the counter and waited to see if Ian would eat. He opened the box, the delicious aroma of hot pizza hit me and made me instantly hungry.
 “Grab a slice,” he said waiting for me. I did, and then he took his own slice. 
“So is this the last time you’re going to talk to me?” I asked already sure I knew the answer. He looked at me for a moment, his expression difficult to read.“I’m okay with it I understand why you don’t want to be around me.” Again, he still did not say anything.
 “Anna…” was all he said. 
“Just say it already, I’m a big girl.” I said trying to not look at him, trying not to let him know how attached I really was to him. 
“This is wrong,” is what he said next. 
I was confused now, “What?”
 “You have a boyfriend…I shouldn’t even be…” 
I looked at him, “What are you trying to say?” 
“I’m saying even with all this I shouldn’t be here with you.” I looked down, I didn’t know if I wanted to hear anymore from him. 
“Then why are you here?” I retorted angrily. 
 “Besides the fact that you are the only one that knows how scared to death I am?”
 “Besides that,” I said losing some steam.
 “This,” he said as he touched my hand. The electricity coursing through me thanks to his touch. “Don’t you feel that?” he said his thumb brushing up and down the top of my hand, tingling making it nearly impossible to think straight. “When I touch you…it’s like instant electricity.” He said not taking his eyes away from our hands. “I’ve never felt that before.”
 I shook my head, “Me neither,” I said but it came out more like a whisper thanks to Ian’s touch. He looked at me for a long moment.
 “I don’t get this but whether I end up loving you are not I don’t want you involved in my mess.” I really couldn’t attempt to make a coherent response. 
“Like it or not I’m involved.” I said my voice still shaky. His hand was still holding mine. What did that even mean? Did he feel something for me? Was he as confused as I was? He moved his hand. There was my answer. 
“I’m sorry…I shouldn’t have…I just like--”
 “How it feels?” I said offering up some coherent thought. 
“Yeah… I think I should get going,” Ian said standing up. “It’s getting late.” I looked at the time on the oven he was right it was almost nine. 
“Okay I’ll take you home,” I said, “just let me clean up.” He nodded and waited for me to put away the pizza. We walked to my car in silence and got in the same way. 
“Anna, I don’t care if you are the reason I die, I’m glad I met you.”  I hadn’t expected something as sweet as that from him. I took a moment to think up next response.
“You know Ian Molina you are an anomaly.” 
“Why is that?” He said with that smile I couldn’t resist.
 “You think you are gonna die and then you just mention…” 
“How terrible it is to be around you?” He said laughing. 
“Hey,” I said giving him a slight shove to quiet him. It did.
 “Seriously though you need a plan you can’t be anywhere around where you normally are.”
 Ian shrugged, “Where am I supposed to go then?” 
I shrugged, “Do you know people that they don’t know, school friends, other family?” 
Ian shook his head, “No one but you.”
 “Well then I guess I will be seeing a lot of you.” I said.
 “You don’t have to do that, Anna.”
 “I want to help.” He sighed, he didn’t look happy with the plan.
 “I don’t think your boyfriend is going to appreciate you always hanging out with me.” 
“He doesn’t have to know except…” I said remembering he was coming to visit next week. “He’s coming to visit next week.” 
“That will be awkward,” Ian voiced what I was thinking.
 “No problem…I have it all worked out.” He looked at me incredulously.
 “Really?” 
“Yeah, tomorrow you have a movie date with me and Jamie.” Ian wasn’t getting the plan yet.
 “Why?” His face looked both insulted and perplexed. 
“Because you will get to know Jamie better so when I’m with Ryan and I invite both of you along it won’t look like you’ve never met.” 
“So you want us to hang out with him the whole time he is here? He’s going to be pissed.” Ian said. 
“Hey, do you want to make it to your high school graduation?” I said trying to divert the topic from my soon to be jealous boyfriend. 
“What about this?” Ian said touching my hand quickly. 
“Well, we just won’t touch.” I said thinking it was the most natural thing in the world.
“Yeah, so tomorrow I will text you after me and Jamie pick out some movies.”
 “Why can’t I help you at least pick out movies, so I can enjoy one.” Ian said seeming to get on board with the plan. 
“Because I want to warn Jamie about you coming over.”
 “Do you think she will mind?” 
“No, just need to give her a heads up. If you want text me a movie you want and I’ll grab it so you won’t die of boredom.” He looked at me for a moment. I had pulled up to his house. 
“Thanks, just text me when you want me to head over or…”
 “I think I should pick you up, I don’t want you about alone.”
 He looked at me skeptically, “Thanks.”
 “I don’t get you, Annabel,” he said smiling. Something that made me feel like I was overheating. “See you tomorrow.” He said as he got out the car. 
“Bye.” I said trying to regain some composure but not accomplishing it fully.
 Chapter 8: You, me, and Ian
“So Jamie, about our date tonight…” 
“Why did you come if you’re bailing?” We were in the movie store looking through the movies. How could she think I was bailing? 
“What? No. Do you mind if Ian joins?” Her eyes widened but she didn’t say anything at first. 
“What is up with you two?”  She pried. 
“Um… well he just needs to hang out with different people.”
 “What do you mean? Why are you helping him?” She said picking up two movies and looking at both of them for a long moment. 
 “It’s just because. I really can’t tell you about it but if you trust me you will just agree.” I said with a a look of desperation.
 “But…” 
“We aren’t dating or trying to we are simply friends, and I would like my only two friends to get to know each other.”
 She seemed to like my last statement, “Okay. Is he meeting us at your house?” 
 “Actually, we are going to pick him up.” She gave me a funny look but didn’t disagree. We quietly drove to Ian’s house, Jamie only asking about the radio and the car mostly. Even before I had sprung my little surprise on her she was beyond excited to hear what happened with Ian. When I told her nothing happened, she was disappointed and dropped the whole topic. So now I wasn’t sure what she was mad about but either way it was about Ian. I texted him when I pulled up to his house, he was out quickly.
 “Hey,” he said as he slid into the backseat of my mom’s car.
 “Hey Ian, this is Jamie. Jamie, this is Ian.”
 “Nice to see you again, Jamie.” Ian said trying to be nice, but Jamie didn’t look like she was in the mood. 
“Yeah…Hi Ian,” she said with a wave of her hand but not really turning around to acknowledge him. Ian gave me a what did I do? look in the rearview mirror but I couldn’t answer it. 
“So we decided to go scary tonight. Hope you’re up for that.” I said directing my question towards Ian. 
“Sure thing,” Ian said. No one else said much until we got to my apartment. 
“Hey sweetie, Hey Ian, and you must be Jamie,” my mom said as I walked into the house.
 “I hate that you always have people over when I’m gone. I want to get to know your friends.”
 “Mom, seriously?” I said before she started to further embarrass me. “Where are you going tonight with Jack?” 
“Just a quiet dinner and a movie, we didn’t really get that yesterday.” I nodded and she went back to getting ready.
 “Your mom seems nice.” Jamie said as she sat down in the living room. Ian followed suit but sat at the other end of the sofa. I sighed audibly knowing this was going to be a lot harder than I thought it would be. 
“Anyone want a drink?” I said as I walked into the kitchen and grabbed three cans. I put them on the coffee table but my mom called me to her room. Hopefully, Ian and Jamie would talk while I was gone. 
“Two nights in a row, Ian is here,” my mom said her excitement noticeable when I walked into her room.
 “Mom, nothing is going on. We are only friends. Today we are just hanging out as friends, we did some of our project yesterday.”
 “Right,” she said rolling her eyes. She really didn’t want that to be true. 
“Can I go?” I asked as she slipped on strappy wedges and looked in the mirror. “Wear the pearls.” I said as she stayed in front of the mirror. 
“Have fun,” she said and I walked out of the room. 
I heard Ian and Jamie talking, I perked up when I opened the door. The conversation seemed to stop when I walked out the only words I caught were Jamie’s. “Look, I don’t care she deserves to know the truth.” The truth about what? Was there something I was missing?
“Hey guys,” I said as I sat between them. “Which movie?” We decided on Nightmare on Elm Street and watched quietly, little conversation taking place.
Jamie left to the bathroom and it was time to get to the bottom of their little tiff. “So what were you guys talking about when I left?” I asked hoping it was better than it sounded. 
“Oh nothing but my craptastic gang family.” Ian said his voice frustrated. 
“You knew?” Jamie said looking at me in shock as she walked out the bathroom.
 “Yeah, he told me.” I said nervous that Jamie’s anger was going to be redirected towards me. “Then why do you talk to him?” She asked not even caring that Ian was right beside me.
 “Because he’s trying to turn his life around and he’s a nice guy.” She looked at me for a moment.
 “Fine then…I guess I will try too.” She said plopping down on the sofa beside me. 
It was my turn to look shocked, “Really, Jamie?” 
“Yeah” She looked at Ian without a drop of disdain, “I’m sorry, Ian. Why didn’t you tell me she knew?” 
“You didn’t give me a chance.” He said sounding relieved tonight wasn’t going to be as bad as we thought. 
We settled back in to watch the movie. It wasn’t very scary but Jamie was a coward and had screamed and jumped several times. “I’m starved anyone else?” I asked during the beginning of one of the many Jason movies. 
“Yeah, what did you have in mind?” Ian asked. He had moved over to be closer to me and Jamie, or just me. I hadn’t really figured it out yet.
 “No pizza…how about Chinese?” 
Ian agreed quickly. 
 “What’s wrong with pizza?” Jamie asked.
 “We ate it yesterday.” I said standing to get the menu. 
“What do you want?” I said as I handed Jamie the menu. 
“The beef and broccoli combo.” Jamie said without even taking a look at the menu. She handed it to Ian without a word.
 “Ian?” I asked.
 “General tso combo.”
 “Okay BRB,” I said and went to make the call in the kitchen.  Before I left the kitchen, I distinctly heard happy conversation and laughter coming from my friends. This was going to work out well. 
“Half hour” I said as I sat between them again.
 “Great,” Jamie said a smile on her face, “Can I grab another soda?” she said and I said sure as she got up and walked to the kitchen. 
“What were you guys talking about?” I whispered to Ian when Jamie was completely in the kitchen. 
“Nothing special…school,” he said with a wicked smile. 
“Liar,” I retorted back but turned around to the movie as Jamie came back in the room. It turned out to be a better night than I had planned. We talked, laughed, and screamed, well mostly Jamie screamed. Around eleven, my mom came home and went to bed. We were still watching movies but she didn’t really care. Particularly because Jamie was there to chaperone what she thought me and Ian were doing. 
Around midnight, Jamie had fallen asleep and I was well on my way to doing the same thing. I kept falling asleep and I’d start to rest my head on Ian’s shoulder and I jump back up after we touched. It was worse than an alarm. “I think you should be getting to bed,” Ian said, “Do you mind taking me home?” he asked not sure if that was the best idea. 
“I’m awake, believe me,” I grumbled. Jamie was knocked out so I woke her and told her to sleepover, she wasn’t going anywhere like that. She complained but found her way to my room. I found her pajamas and then I left with Ian. 
“That went a lot better than I planned.” He said still surprisingly awake. 
“Yeah,” I said the alertness returning to me when I started the car. “Everything should be good next weekend.” I said actually feeling relieved and happy. 
“Anna,” Ian said his voice not as happy as it should have been. 
“We can’t let our guard down just because….” I looked at him shocked; how could he expect me to be forgetting that vision? 
“I won’t forget.” I said a little angry that he was ruining our great night. 
“I know but when Ryan is in town…I don’t want to bring him into anything.” I parked in front of his house. 
“He won’t know a thing.” I said actually feeling angry. I knew the plan I had made the plan. 
“Jamie asked if I was telling you the truth,” Ian said with a sigh. “She thinks I like you enough to give it all up.”
 “You didn’t correct her?” I said knowing he wouldn’t. 
“No, she’s happier thinking I’m around because I have a crush on you.”
 “I guess that makes sense for you to always be around then.” He nodded.
 “Good thinking.”
 “It’s not completely a lie,” he said giving me the full force of his beautiful multifaceted eyes. They looked black in the night but they were still captivating. He held my attention. It was almost hypnotizing to look in his eyes. “So Ryan…you really like this guy?” I heard the question but didn’t say anything until he looked away. 
“Yeah, he’s really one of the nicest people I ever met. He just has this infectious happiness that makes you want to be around him.” I said describing the only actual thing I could remember about Ryan when I was with Ian. “He cares and doesn’t confuse me. With Ryan he’s an open book you get what you see.” 
“You like that?” 
I shrugged, I didn’t actually know what I liked but it was turning out to not be Ryan.
 “I like that he’s so open.”
 “I could be open,” Ian said absently.
 “Why does it matter?” I said knowing Jamie was more right than he let on.
 “You hate that I keep to myself,” he said, “You told me everything. I should at least try.”
 “I’d like that.” I said and then we fell into an awkward silence. 
“I better go,” Ian said as he opened the car door and got out. Only he didn’t go as far as I thought he would, he came back to my door. “Are we going to finish the last movie?” he said completely disregarding what we had just talked about. 
“I’ll text you tomorrow,” he nodded and walked into his house. 
I took off, but so had my mind. It was racing trying to register and store everything that happened with Ian. This boy was the key to my destruction. I would never feel the way I feel now for anyone else. Today, had just proven how horrible of a girlfriend I was and I really needed to end it with Ryan. 
I walked into the apartment. It was quiet. “Hey honey,” my mom said from the kitchen.
“You’re still awake?” I said feeling tiredness hit me. 
“Couldn’t sleep, getting some water.” She said raising her glass as she spoke.
 “Oh okay,” I said as I started walking towards my room. 
“Did you have fun tonight?”
 “Yeah it was great…didn’t think it was so late though.” I said suppressing a yawn.
 “Jamie and Ian are as close as he is with you?” My mom asked her curiosity obvious. 
“No, but they get along.”
 “I think if you weren’t with Ryan, Ian would have asked you out already.”
 “Mom…good night.”
 She smiled, “Good night. I just think you like Ian more whether you know it or not.” She was too insightful for her own good.
“How can you tell?” I said surprise that had even been coherent.
 “The way you look at each other.” She said with a sigh, “It’s like everything disappears when you are talking to him.” 
She was spot on with the description, “How did you know that?” I said confused.
 “It’s love,” she said simply.
 “Have you ever felt that way?” Her face looked pained when I asked her that which meant she had, and it was with my father. I looked down not wanting to see the sadness on her face. 
“There is a reason I married your dad, that’s why.” She said the memory painful but happy at the same time. 
This was my opening, “Why did you get divorced?” I asked. Building the courage to ask a question I had never inquired about before simply because I didn't want my mom to be sad. 
She gulped, “I thought you would ask eventually.”
 “So?”
 “We had different ideas on how we wanted to raise you.”
 “Like?” I said hoping she wouldn’t give me another vague answer.
 “Like that he should teach you the Lee...” She stopped to think about her words for a moment, “Family trade, I didn’t think you needed any of that and should be your own person.” She continued.
“What is the Lee family trade?” I questioned, thinking I was starting to get somewhere.
 “Nothing that would interest you, honey.” She said with a sad smile and started towards her room. 
That’s all she gave me. I walked into my room and prepared for bed. Jamie was fast asleep. I however tossed and turned all night. It was good that Jamie had slept on the lounger in my room instead of my bed. I couldn’t fall asleep. Around four am I must have fallen asleep, because boy did I ever have a creepy dream.
‘Steven, she doesn’t have it. Leave her alone!’ My mom said running towards me. I was six years old. My pigtails were loose and dangling. My eyes were red from crying and I was sniffling as I watched my parents argue.
‘She has to she’s six. Everyone in my family has it.’
 ‘Leave her alone I said,’ her voice was firm. I started crying and fell to the floor. They both stopped arguing and looked at me. Steven walked towards me and jumped back when I kicked my legs at him.
 ‘What the…’ he said looking at my mother, ‘she’s special but she’s different, she will need guidance.’
 ‘She is a normal little girl’ my mom snapped as she picked me up and held me in her arms. ‘I can’t do this anymore, she’s our daughter not some experiment.’ 
 I woke up with a start. What was that about? It had to be a dream I was a kid. Could it be a memory? I didn’t want to ask my mom, but I needed to start finding some answers. 
“Good morning,” Jamie said as she sat up in my chair. “This is insanely comfortable.” She said relishing in the plush velvet of my chaise.
“I know I fall asleep there all the time.” I said rolling over to face her.
She laughed, “Did you take Ian home?”
 “Last night,” I said trying to think more about my dream, but Jamie was awake and not shutting up. 
“I think he like likes you.”
 “Jamie, we are just friends, he knows about Ryan.”
 “I guess that would explain why he hasn’t made a move.” I nodded. “Do you mind if I head home and skip out on the last movies, I have a ton of homework.”
 I nodded, “Me too.”
 “Thanks,” she said as she got up and went to my bathroom. I had left out one of the extra toothbrushes my mom gets when we have friends over. 
She left twenty minutes later. I still hadn’t made it out of bed. My phone was vibrating though. It was Ryan. “Hey it’s been awhile.” I answered still groggy. 
“Yeah, it has how was your night with Jamie?” he said interested.
 “It was fun we watched scary movies.” 
“What did you girls talk about?”
 “School, movies, you visiting, my field trip.” I said getting distracted by my still vibrating phone. “Sorry Ry, I’m getting a text give me a minute.” I looked at my phone it was Ian. Have some family stuff to do today, TTUL. I quickly sent an okay and started talking to Ryan again.
 “Are you guys hanging out again?” 
“No, actually I’m free. Everyone is busy.” I said not thinking.
 “Everyone?” he questioned, not sounding any different. 
“Yeah, Jamie, Ian, my mom,” I said throwing as little emphasis on Ian as humanly possible.
 “You still talk to him?” 
“Why not?”
 “Annie, I’m really uncomfortable with you hanging out with other guys.” Ryan said firmly.
 “Relax, Ryan, you have nothing to worry about, we are just friends. Besides it’s usually the three of us.”
 “Like Jamie is always there?” he seemed to be calming down. “Okay, I guess it’s not that bad.” 
“Do you want to meet them when you come down?” I asked hoping the answer was yes, otherwise I was in serious trouble.
 “I guess,” he said unconvincingly. 
“Great, I can’t wait for you to meet them, they are going to love you.” He laughed, he was starting to lighten up. 
“So you talk about me a lot?” He remarked teasingly.
 “I miss you of course I talk about you.”
 “I miss you too, Annabel.”
 “Don’t call me that.” I said, slightly annoyed, he was using my full name. “How was your weekend?”
 “Boring had a game out of town, got back this morning.” 
“Did you win?” 
“Of course, it was an easy game.” I laughed and we spent the next two hours talking about everything. Ryan was always so much fun. I felt terrible thinking about the future when I hung up with Ryan. I was either going to be unfaithful or we were soon breaking up and I hated to know it was ending. Ryan didn’t deserve to be treated as badly as I was treating him. Honestly, it wasn’t going to be long before I couldn’t hide how I felt about Ian. He probably already knew but I thought I was keeping it away from my mom, Jamie, and Ryan pretty well. 
This week when Ryan visited, I was going to be the best girlfriend humanly possible.
Chapter 9: Promise Me
Monday came way too soon. I was driving to school thinking about this terrible field trip ahead of me. Edgar Allan Poe’s house was becoming more unappealing by the second. I pulled up to school as soon as Jamie did. “How was the rest of your weekend?” I asked as we walked into the school.
 “Good, way too much homework.” 
“Yeah, I feel your pain, and I have this stupid trip today.”
 “Aww, it won’t be that bad,” she said sweetly, “I’ve been it’s actually pretty interesting.” I nodded and walked off to my locker.
“Ready?” Ian said behind me. I jumped from the surprise.
 “Geez,” I said touching my chest hoping my heart would stop racing. “Yeah I guess.” I said as I finished putting books back into my locker. “When do we leave?”
 “We go to first period and leave from there.” Ian said as he started walking with me to our first period class. 
We sat beside each other waiting for whatever Rawlins had planned.
 “So class it’s time to get on the bus,” he said ten minutes into the chaos of class. We got up and onto the bus. 
“So what did you do yesterday?” I asked curious as to what Ian did when he wasn’t with me. 
“My mom just thought I was out too much. She thinks I need to bring this girl home already.” He said with a nervous chuckle. 
“So she thinks it’s a girl keeping you away from her?” I said not caring to hide my smile. 
“You are a girl last time I checked.” Ian said, an eyebrow raised. It made him look that much cuter. 
 “I am but why does she think it’s a girl?”
 “Well I told her we were working on a project then I told her we were watching movies, and then coffee. She just assumed.”
 “Did you tell her we were just friends?”
 “Yeah, but you know how moms are,” he said with a knowing smile.
 “You heard my mom? I knew it!” I said a blush spreading to my cheeks as I remembered everything my mom had said that day she met Ian.
 “It’s okay, does it matter? She’s just curious.” He leaned back on the seat by the window. Everyone was wrapped up in their own world and for once I felt I was a part of my own thing. 
After talking for some time, I found myself telling Ian about my weird dream. His first impression, “It’s not a dream…I think it might be a memory.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Well you said you don’t know why your parents divorced exactly, and you know nothing about your dad.” I gulped, “I think you should find out about him.” Ian said completely serious. 
“My mom would kill me.” I blurted out.
 “Anna, this might be the key to why you are the way you are, doesn’t that matter more than how your mom will feel?” He was right but I would feel terrible lying to her.
 “I can’t lie to her.”
 “She’s lying to you,” he said softer, “Doesn’t it matter? Everything you have been trying to figure out could be over if you asked your dad.” Ian said almost pleading.
 “Why is this so important to you?”
 “Honestly?” he said with a sigh, “Maybe he knows how to change things.” 
“I’ll try to look him up or something.” I said as I leaned back in the uncomfortable cheese bus chairs and looked at the ceiling.
“Anna, don’t do this for me, do this for you.” He said facing me but I didn’t want to look at him. I didn’t know if I wanted to see my dad again. What if he didn’t see the future and then I would seem crazy. I had to try for Ian’s sake.
 “I’m only doing this for you.” I said looking him straight in the eyes. “I don’t want to know him, but if he could help you I want him too.”
 “Anna.” He tried again.
 “It doesn’t matter.” I said as the bus came to a halt. We were downtown, at the museum. We got off of the bus in an orderly enough manner for high school students. 
“You’re not doing this,” Ian whispered beside me.
 “Why not? You wanted me to.” I quipped. 
 “Not like this,” he said.
 “Just stop, I’ve made my decision.” I said annoyed. He was always changing his mind. I felt like my emotions were on a roller coaster around him. 
“Anna, I’m putting my foot down.”
 “I don’t care what you say, I’m doing it.” I said walking ahead.
He sighed loudly, “Would it kill you to compromise?” He was saying I was stubborn, and I knew he was right. 
We silently went through the tour o0hing and ahing at the rooms and the books they had strategically placed around. Mr. Rawlins had mysteriously found me at the end to tell me to sign the guest book. He was like a kid in a candy store, but I guess what English teacher wouldn’t be.
 “I don’t know…isn’t that weird?” I said not convinced that I should sign the book. “They’ll think it’s a joke.” I said a little uncomfortable that he was pushing this. Then he left and found a worker. 
“It’s okay to sign the book, miss.” The older woman with the heart shaped face said as she guided me back over to it.
 “Thanks but I’d rather not.” I said trying to remain civil.
 “Listen sweetie,” the worker started, “You have nothing to be afraid of its like history, what’s your name I’ll write it for you if you like?”
 I gulped. “Um…my name is Annabel Lee.” She looked at me wide eyed. 
“That is not funny.” She said her expression angry.
 “No, miss she is telling the truth.” Mr. Rawlins interjected with a devilish smile on his face. This is what he wanted after all.
“Well then, Annabel I think it would be rather special if you signed the book.” She said her face returning to a friendly expression.
 “Okay,” I nodded still unsure if this was right. I signed it and quickly moved as hastily as I could away from the book and its workers. 
I was looking at a rather large poster of Poe from the latest movie about him, when I heard Ian come back. “Still want to argue?” I asked smugly.
 “Anna, I don’t want you to get involved with a man you never wanted to meet for me.”
 “I never said I never wanted to meet him.” I said out of steam. I did want to eventually want to me my dad. Who wouldn’t? I just didn’t think it would happen so soon.
 “You do?” he asked skeptically. 
“I would want to meet him at some point…I didn’t think it would be this soon is all.” I said looking away from the poster. “This is important.”
 “Where do we start?” he asked, and it was a great question. “Does he send you letters?” 
“He sends me gifts for holidays. I can look to see if there are return addresses on the cards and stuff.” 
Ian nodded satisfied, “Do you think your mom still talks to him?” 
I shook my head, “No, my mom cannot find out about this…her mission in life is to forget him, she can’t know about this.” I said a little too forcefully. 
“Your house after school?” He said with an eyebrow raised. I couldn’t disagree with him when he did that. I looked away from and remembered to breathe again.
 “Yeah, meet me at my car?” he nodded and got lost in the crowd again. 
After the museum we went for lunch at a close by restaurant and were back to school for eighth period. Ian and I walked to our lockers and met up outside of our classroom. Jamie was right behind. “Oh my god, you missed an insane lunch, Annie.” She said as she started following me to my locker and Ian left. 
I sighed, “What happened?” 
“Well you know Brittney Lopez?” I nodded, “She got into this argument with Nancy White and there was this big argument that turned into a fight right in the cafeteria.” Jamie said but stopped talking when she saw I wasn’t paying attention. I was looking for Ian. To my relief he was at his locker. 
“You know I don’t really believe you when you say you and Ian are just friends.” Jamie said. A sour expression crossing her face quickly. “He’s nice, we had fun this weekend but I don’t think Ryan would like that you spend so much time with him.” I looked at Jamie shocked. She was really a good friend for only knowing me for about two weeks. Whether I wanted to hear or it or not she told me what she thought. 
“We are only working on our English project, Jamie.” I told Ryan about it he doesn’t like it but it’s school. Jamie nodded, slightly defeated. 
“You can tell me about everything tomorrow at lunch,” I said with a smile. 
“Just remember Ryan, Annie. Ian really likes you.” I nodded, she had been trying to keep me faithful, but she didn’t have to, I had no intention of cheating on Ryan. No matter what happened with Ian, I was going to stay faithful until we broke up. 
I walked over to Ian’s locker after Jamie walked away. “I thought she liked me?” he said sarcastically.
 “She does.”
 “Yeah, not the way she was talking.”
 “Did you hear her?” I asked feeling embarrassed. 
“No, but I could tell,” he said as he slammed his locker shut. “Ready?” I nodded and we got into my mom’s car. 
“What did she say?” Ian asked when I started down the street.
 “Nothing in particular.”
 “Anna.” He said, knowing he’d weasel whatever I was hiding out of me with one look and a caress of my name. 
 “She just reminded me that I have a boyfriend is all.”
 “I know that,” he said defensively. “Believe me nothing is going to happen.” He added. I didn’t know if I should be insulted or relieved by that statement but it made me mad. 
“What does that mean?” I asked hopefully hiding my temper. 
“It means…nothing is happening between us.” He said matter-of-factly.
 “But what about the visions?” I said trying not to sound as disappointed as I felt.
 He shrugged, “It will happen when it happens, but you don’t want to be with me.” He said avoiding my gaze. I didn’t know how to respond to his last statement so we drove back to my apartment in silence, except for a few questions about where we were looking for stuff to find my dad. 
We arrived not as happy as we usually were and of course my mom noticed. “You guys have a fight?”
 I rolled my eyes, “No, mom just a rough day.” Ian nodded and said a quick hello before he followed me into my room. 
“Where are they?” He said as he sat at my desk, his usual spot now. I sat on the floor and started digging under my bed for a box. 
“Here” I said as I sat up holding the gift wrapped covered shoe box.
 “What was the most recent?” he said as he sat beside me on the floor. 
“They’re in order, the most recent are on top” I said as I opened the box. Ian leaned closer to look inside the box, he pulled out the top card. 
“It doesn’t look like a home address. He said looked at the return address, “They don’t usually involve suite numbers.” 
“Maybe one of the other ones has it.” I said sifting through the envelopes but they all had the same address: 36 Fairview Ave, suite c, Santa Barbara, California. 
“Maybe we can look up that address then?” Ian said leaning over to grab my laptop off the bed. He started typing the address in Google. “Well it’s a law office, and they have a website.” Ian said his relief showing. I walked over to him and leaned in to see the website. “Do you know his name?” Ian said as he clicked on the contact us section of the site. 
“Of course I know his name, he’s my father.”
 “Well?” 
“Steven Lee.” 
Ian started searching the list. “Got it.” He said. I leaned over again to see a familiar face. 
“That looks like the guy from my dream.” I said surprised.
 “It’s him?” Ian said I nodded, surprised it come so easy. “There’s an email and a phone number, what do you wanna do?”
 “Email,” I said quickly not feeling ready to actually talk to him. Ian moved and I sat in my desk chair. 
 I started typing the email...
Hi, I hope you remember me. It’s Annabel. I think you are my dad, the one that named me. I have some questions for you if you could please email me back.
 –Annabel.
“That’s it?” Ian asked as I sent the email. 
I nodded, “Yup. So now we wait.” I said almost simultaneously with the knock on my door. “Come in mom,” I said as Ian leaned away from me. 
“Hey guys how’s the work going?” I smiled, feeling a little better.
 “Good.”
 “Great, Ian you want to stay for dinner?” 
“Um, I don’t want to impose, Charlie.” He replied with a charming smile.
 “No, it’s no problem.” She insisted.
 “Okay,” Ian said feeling a little embarrassed. 
“Great dinner in half an hour.” My mom said as she left my room. 
“Do you want me to stay?” Ian said pulling out his cell phone. 
“Yeah, why not…I mean unless you don’t wanna stay.” I said feeling embarrassed.
 “Okay,” he said with a smile, making me blush. He called someone on his phone. “Hey mom….good… I’m having dinner at a friend’s house, okay?...I’ll see you at eight…yeah it’s her house… no, mom we are just friends…bye.” Ian said after he turned around to talk. 
“Did she ask about me?” I said with a chuckle. 
“Yeah,” he said half smiling.
 “She is dying to meet you…I don’t get it, I told her we weren’t dating.”
 “She’s a mother,” I said pretending I was wiser beyond my years. 
“Dinner’s ready,” my mom yelled a little while later. We walked into the living room and I set the table as usual. 
“Mom, what did you make?” I said leaning over the kitchen counter. 
“It’s a surprise, I hope you like it, Ian,” my mom said as she put the covered food on the dining room table.
 “I’m sure I will, Charlie.” Ian said as he sat down while I placed clean dishes on the table. 
“What do you want to drink?” I asked as I walked back into the kitchen. 
“Anything is fine,” Ian replied. I grabbed two cans of soda and a water bottle for my mother. 
My mom excitedly got to work displaying her surprises and opened the serving platters. “You made stuffed chicken?” I said surprised. My mom normally only made something this good when she was trying to impress one of her new boyfriends. She smiled knowingly. 
“I thought Ian would like it…it’s one of Annie’s favorite things I make.” My mom said still the unabashed smile on her face. 
“I hope you don’t mind bacon.”
 “Cheese and Bacon?” I said in disbelief. 
She nodded, “I would’ve had to go out for ham and frankly you always liked the bacon better.” I was sitting with my mouth open. What was my mom doing? She couldn’t be trying to make Ian like me, could she? I felt nauseous just thinking about it. 
“It looks great, Charlie.” Ian said happily as my mom started serving us. Throughout the dinner, Ian was very vocal about how much he was enjoying my mother’s cooking. Like her ego wasn’t big enough.
“So how’s you English project going?” My mom said and I nearly choked. Ian looked at me for a moment.
 “It’s going well… I wish it moved along faster but I like hanging out with Anna.” Ian replied, it was the perfect answer, the guy could charm my socks off. 
“You and Annie, are good friends then?” My mom said not even bothering to observe the increasing redness spreading over my face.
 “She’s one of the sweetest girls I’ve ever met…” Ian said with a passing glance at me, “You can tell she’s not from around here.” He said with a growing smile on his face.
 “Oh no matter where Annie came from she is just too sweet for her own good.” My mom said, shooting me a quick glance.
 “So, mom, when’s your next date with Jack?” I asked hoping to divert whatever awkward conversation my mom was stirring up.  
“Um tomorrow I told him, that Ryan was coming to visit so I didn’t want to leave you with so much free time, when he’s staying here.”
 I smiled, “Thanks mom.” 
“See what I mean, Ian?” my mom said, “She’s too good. The girl should be trying to get me out of the house to make out with her boyfriend, but not Annie.” Ian smiled, but was a little embarrassed with the conversation. 
“Mom, that’s so weird. Don’t say stuff like that.” I said shaking my head with mortification.
Ian looked at me, and then back towards my mom. “Don’t worry, Charlie, me and Jamie will be chaperoning for you too.” Ian said a smile slightly showing on his face. He was enjoying this torture.
 “Double date?” my mom said surprised.
 “Um no just me and Jamie want to meet Ryan being that he is Anna’s…boyfriend” Ian said as he stalled on the word boyfriend to send a glance towards me. 
“Great,” my mom said, “Maybe I’ll get another date with Jack in.” She jumped out of her seat and headed for the kitchen. “Oh I forgot, I made dessert.”
“What did you make?” I asked weary from the dinner conversation.
 “I found this pie recipe that I’ve been dying to try. It’s a strawberry meringue pie” It sounded good. “Annie, can you grab some dessert plates.” My mom said walking back with the pie and a cake slicer.
 “Sure,” I said getting up and walking to the nearby kitchen. I turned around to see my mom quietly talking to Ian. What was up with that? 
“Hey mom here you go.” I said handing her the plates.
 “Thanks, sweetie,” my mom said as she started slicing the pie and placing it on plates. “You guys don’t have to eat here if you have more work to do.” My mom said sitting at the couch with her pie.
 Chapter 10: Annabanana
 “Um thanks, mom.” I said walking to my room with Ian close behind. 
“Your mom really loves you.” Ian said as he closed the door and sat at my desk. “This pie is so good.” Ian added leaning further into my chair. “That women can cook.” I chuckled, he thought my mom could cook. He was in for a rude awakening when he realized this was the extent of her cooking skills.
“She’s a world class baker.” I said with a smile. I took a bite, it was heavenly. “What did she say to you?” I said casually as I sat on my bed savoring each bite.
 “Anna, you were there.” Ian said his expression suspicious. 
“When I was in the kitchen, don’t play dumb.”
 He smiled, “I really like your mom,” he said, “She’s a smart woman.”
 I looked at him incredulously, “You like my mom, gross,” I said shoving more pie into my mouth to forget the terrible images going through my mind.
 “Not like that,” he said rolling his eyes. 
“Then what did she say?” 
“Annie, she loves you…she’s just suspicious of our relationship I think.”
 “What did she say?” I said sitting at my computer to check my email. “Oh my God!” I gasped as I looked at the computer screen. Ian was over me looking before I even opened the email. He opened the email from my supposed father. 
“That was quick,” he said as he read over the email. I blinked away my surprise and turned to look to. 
 Annabel Claire Lee?
How did you find my email? I hope it was because of the letters I sent you. I miss you, Annabanana. What questions do you have? I will answer anything you’d like to know. One question from me…does your mother know you are contacting me?
 Steven Lee 
“Wow what do I say to that?” I asked feeling a multitude of emotions rush pass me. Disbelief being the strongest emotion. He had responded. He had known who I was. He knew stuff only my father would have known.
“It’s whatever you want to do next.” Ian said touching my shoulder. I felt the familiar jolt and he pulled his hand away, “Sorry,” he said.
 “It’s no problem,” I replied distracted.
 “Annabanana?” He said with a smirk as he sat on my bed. 
“That’s how I know its him…no one called me that but him.” I said as I opened a reply window. 
“I like it,” he said the smile growing across his face.
 “Don’t call me that.” I said trying to sound firm. I started to type out a message, and I was acutely aware of Ian standing beside me to read over my shoulder. 
 Dad, well to be honest mom doesn’t know, I think she would flip. I don’t even know where to begin but here goes nothing. What is the Lee family trade?
-Annabel 
I sent the email and sat back anxiously awaiting the next answer to my email. “How long do you think it will take for him to respond?” Ian said surprising me because he was so close. 
“I don’t know. Hopefully soon.” I said swiveling my chair around. “So what do we do while we wait?” Ian said with a raised eyebrow. I couldn’t help but smile.
“So when do I get to meet your mom?” I said still smiling. 
“Oh god.” Ian said falling dramatically onto my bed. 
“Hey,” I said as I stood up from my desk. 
“Seriously?” he said sitting up on my bed. 
“Seriously.” 
“Whenever you want.” He said a small smile creeping onto his face. 
“That’s not an answer.” I said sitting beside him. “She wants to meet me?” I said curious to his answer. 
“She’s dying to meet you, but…”
 “But?”
 “But she thinks something is going on. I don’t want her to meet you when we are just friends.” I leaned closer to him. I liked the way that sounded when he said it.
“So will I ever meet her?” I said confused. 
“Eventually.” His remarks all seeming cryptic.
 “What do I have to do to meet her?”
 “I don’t know.” He said that devious grin coming back to his face. 
“Not when we are just friends?” I repeated thinking over the statement. He looked at me the grin dissolving and his jaw clenching slightly. 
“Do you expect us to be more?” I asked still moving closer. He moved away but not much. 
“I didn’t say that…your visions did.”
 “Ian.” I said exasperated that everything went back to this. His face was expressionless, I hated when he was like this. I touched his hand that was sitting between us on my bed. Electricity flying between us, I felt the jolts running up and down my arm. I relished in the feeling of his touch, and so did Ian because he didn’t pull his hand away. How does someone fight something so powerful and euphoric? That was Ian’s touch to me.
His other hand actually shot up to touch my face, brushing my cheek with his fingertips. I looked at him, the desire was there. So clear. For once I knew exactly what he was thinking. He wanted to kiss me. Did I want to kiss him back? He looked at me intently, probably deciding between his own internal turmoil. His hand left the bed and was on my waist pulling me closer to him. Could I really do this? I wanted to. 
His eyes were completely focused on me as he pulled me closer to his perfect mouth. “I want more, Anna.” He said his mouth barely a few inches from mine. “But you don’t.” He said pulling away from me and standing to get air. 
My head was spinning from being so close to him…so close to touching his mouth with mine. I couldn’t think straight but I needed to before he left. I looked over to see Ian packing up his backpack. “You’re leaving?” I said surprised, hurt. 
“Yeah, I think we need to be apart.” I looked at him, agape. 
“We need to talk about this,” I said pleading with him, walking closer blocking the door.
 “Anna, I need to leave.” His face giving away his pain at the situation.
 “Ian, please.” I said trying to hide the worry or maybe fear in my voice. Why was I afraid? He sighed, but dropped his bag. 
“I didn’t mean to push you in a corner like that.” He said, his eyes avoiding me. I walked over to him. Maybe I was still reeling from his touch but I wasn’t getting what he was saying.
 “You didn’t push me.” I said not really getting his meaning. 
“Anna, I shouldn’t have tried to kiss you.” He said sitting back on my bed; His hand running shakily through his hair. I sat beside him not as close as before. 
“We can’t keep tittering around this.” I said looking at him. My eyes were focused on him, but he was avoiding my gaze with every fiber in his being. “You didn’t push me,” I said, now understanding what he meant. 
“I wanted you to kiss me too” I said not fully believing how close I came to cheating on Ryan. He actually looked at me this time.
 “What about…” 
“Yeah about that…I’ve been thinking about that.”
 “And what have you decided?” he asked his interest increasing.
 “After his visit I think I’m going to have to break up with him.” I said. 
“So what does that mean for us?” he said, the question sounding odd coming from him. 
“There is an us?” I said surprised he’d actually said it and didn’t just revert back to talking about my visions. “Your visions say there will be and honestly, I can’t be around you without wanting to….” He stopped talking and looked down avoiding my gaze. 
“Without what?” I said looking at him, hoping he felt my gaze.
 He lifted his head up, “What do you want me to say?” he said sounding exasperated. 
“The truth… what you feel. Anything!” I said feeling exasperated from having to go around in circles for him to admit anything. “You keep saying there’s an us but I don’t think you’re convinced. I have no idea what you are thinking ninety-five percent of the time.” I said feeling my frustration grow. He looked at me for several seconds and then out of nowhere he pulled me towards him. His one arm again around my waist, the other brushing through my hair and his soft lips actually dared to touch mine.
His lips pressed against mine, his lips were soft but his kiss was firm, eager. He needed to kiss me and I needed him to kiss me too. The feel of him touching me in multiple places had me reeling. I couldn’t even think straight. The fire coming from our touching lips was the most intense. I pulled him closer to me, my hands wrapped around his neck keeping his mouth to mine. I felt his tongue adventure and the kiss we were sharing deepened. I never wanted it to end, but then there was a ding from my computer. “You’ve got mail!” 
 Ian pulled away. He was still holding me close, his arms still wrapped around my waist. I looked at him, the passion still present in his eyes but he was calming down. He slowly let go of me, and I did the same. “You should check that, it might be your dad.” Ian said his voice husky. I nodded but didn’t move. I wanted to stay here with him doing what we were doing a few moments ago. Ian shifted and finally stood up. I guess he was giving me space…or not. He walked towards my computer and sat down, “Do you mind if I check then?”
 “Go ahead,” I said falling onto my bed. Why wasn’t he next to me, kissing me anymore? Was I a bad kisser? No, it was wrong. I knew it was wrong but it just felt so right. “It’s from your dad.” Ian said.
 “Open it.” I said with a sigh as I got up and walked over to my laptop. He slid my chair aside so I could read the email.
 Annabanana, where did you hear about that now? Was it your mother because that’s very unlike her. To be honest, it is something you don’t have to worry about. Your mother made it perfectly clear that she did not want you involved. If you have any more questions, email me again.
 -Dad
“He never responded to my question,” I said surprised as I reread the email. Ian reluctantly slid back over to my desk. 
“Ask him again.” Ian said as he put his hand around my waist. Now that my head had cleared from the Ian fog we had to talk about not doing it again until I had broken up with Ryan. I sighed as Ian let go of me to reread the email himself. 
“I think he’s avoiding it.” Ian said as he stood and let me sit to type another email. He went to sit on my bed again but stood up abruptly thinking better of it. I looked at the computer screen, I had no clue how to reply to him. 
 Dad, but I want to know what it is I had this weird dream and it was mentioned. You just told me it exists and that really freaked me out. I think I deserve to know what’s going on. Be honest.-Annabel
I tapped the send button and turned my swivel chair around to see Ian staring at me, “We need to talk, right?” he said with a sigh. I nodded afraid. I didn’t want to ruin what was happening between us but I had to be smart. Ryan was visiting in two days and he would not appreciate if I was blatantly cheating on him. He at least deserved better. I sat down on my bed. Ian took the desk seat again.
“That was amazing.” I said referring to the kiss we shared only a few minutes ago. 
He smiled, “It was, I’ve never felt anything like it.” He said, his eyes locking with mine for one heart stopping second and then he looked away.
 “I know.” I said, wondering why my voice had gotten shaky. I moved closer to him, “I want to do that again, but…”
 Ian exhaled loudly. 
“But it’s not fair to you, me, or Ryan…if it happens again.”  
“You want to wait until you break up with Ryan?” He said his voice sounding angry. “You are still letting him come to visit?” He said the anger growing in his tone.
 “Yeah, it’s all set…I can’t bail on him.” He looked at me incredulously.
“So you are gonna pretend to be the perfect girlfriend to him while he’s here?” Ian said the disbelief and anger showing.
 “What else can I do?” I said starting to get angry too. 
“Are you going to kiss him?” He asked his rage still simmering. 
“He…I …I don’t know.” I said honestly. I didn’t want to be with Ryan but if I was pretending to be his girlfriend the least I could do was kiss him; but could I kiss Ryan after I had shared the perfect kiss with Ian? 
“That’s all I needed to know, can you drop me off?” Ian said grabbing his bag and opening my door. I wanted to talk more but he was already in the living room saying goodbye to my mother.
 “Ian, can you give me just five minutes.” I said walking behind him. He looked up from talking to my mother his eyes were angry but he didn’t show that to her.
 “We can talk in the car.” He said in a monotone voice.
 “Fine,” I said starting to relax. My mom gave me a quizzical look but didn’t say a word as I followed Ian outside the door. 
We got into my mother’s Nissan and I sped off. “What’s wrong with you?” I said the anger raging through me. 
“What’s wrong with me? What’s wrong with you?” He said showing his own anger as well. “How could you plan on kissing him, after…after we…we…” He was at a loss. Hell, I was at a loss. Where did we go from here?
“Kissed?” I said knowing exactly what he meant. He was right. How could I possibly kiss Ryan when I had experienced fireworks, heaven, angels, and whatever other clichés, when Ian kissed me? “I’m not planning on kissing him, but he will expect me to, I’m supposed to be his girlfriend.” I said the anger subsiding and the sadness was setting in. This situation was hopeless. No matter what I did I was going to hurt someone.
“Fine, then I hope you’re happy is all.” Ian said his fury not yet subsiding. “You really don’t have to break up with him, I don’t care.” Ian added, still unleashing his rage on me. 
“Ian, I’m not breaking up with him just to be with you. I’m breaking up with him because we don’t work and I’ve fallen for another guy.” Ian looked at me, the anger subsiding for a moment, but it came back just as quickly. 
“I don’t care, Anna, I don’t want to be with you.” I couldn’t even attempt to hide my shock. I blinked, my mouth hanging open, he didn’t mean it.
 “You’re just saying things because you are angry, Ian, we can figure this out.” I said as I pulled up in front of his house. I tried to touch his hand but he pulled it away.
 “No, Anna, I’m serious, nothing is going to happen between us again.” He said as he opened the door and slammed it shut , he rushed into his house, without even another look back. I looked at the door. I couldn’t believe what had just happened. 
I drove home, fighting the tears that threatened at every red light, turn, and stop sign. Jamie was wrong, everyone was wrong, I was wrong. Ian didn’t love me, hell I had a hard time believing he even liked me after what happened today. I walked into the house to a worried mother. She knew something was wrong after we left, and here she was waiting to investigate. 
“Mom, I’m tired,” She looked at me her blue eyes filled with worry.
 “I think we should talk about what’s bothering you.” She said softly as she came and pulled me into a hug. I couldn’t help but start to cry. Boy, did I cry. I stayed in my mom’s arms sobbing like a baby for what felt like forever. We sat on the sofa, when she believed I had pulled myself together enough to do so. “Now, tell me what happened? It’s Ian?” I nodded, new tears springing into existence before I even began to speak. “What happened, honey?” My mom said pulling me towards her and running her hands through my hair, hoping to soothe whatever was aching inside me. 
Chapter 11: That Kiss
I started by telling her about my kiss with Ian. I left out the little details about the electricity of his touch, but told her that it was the most perfect kiss I’d ever felt. “I thought it was perfect, and then he asked me about Ryan and it all went downhill. I can’t breakup with him before he visits, it’s not fair. I was going to wait until after he left. Then, Ian asked if I’d kiss Ryan, like it was some big surprise. I have to or he’ll know something is wrong. I planned on kissing him as little as possible, but Ian didn’t want to hear any of it. I was cheating on him, and he hated me. He hates me, when I…I love him.” I said new tears rushing down my cheeks. 
“You love him?” My mom asked surprised and calm all at the same time. 
I looked at her, wiping my eyes of the recent tears. “Yeah, I think so, I don’t know why it happened but I know I love him…and he hates me!” I said the crying starting again. My mom rocked me until I stopped and told me to get some rest. She walked me to my room and left me...alone. 
I know I didn’t sleep well because I woke up to a sopping pillow of my own tears. God, I couldn’t even escape the pain in my dreams. I got ready for school feeling numb but I had to do something. I couldn’t sit here and wallow. I needed to get moving and try to prepare myself for normalcy. I cleaned my face up, showered, and after some make up to cover the puffiness of my eyes, I felt I looked presentable enough to go to school. I picked up my charging cell phone to see two missed calls and a text from Ryan. Yeah, it felt great to feel like a cheating hoe first thing in the morning. I walked into the kitchen to receive an even bigger surprise, also adding to my guilt of being a cheating hoe. 
Ryan was standing in the kitchen talking to my mom with a donut in his hand. He had come early to spend more time with me and I cheated on him YESTERDAY! It’s official “I hate myself.” I wanted to retreat back to my room, to wallow in my misery, but Ryan saw me. “Annie!” he yelled as he ran towards me picking me up into a huge bear hug.
 “Ryan,” I said forcing a smile onto my face. “You’re here early, why didn’t you tell me?” I said relieved after he let me go. I looked at him memorizing, his dark blue eyes, his light cropped hair, his muscular arms still wrapped around me. He was tall and well built stretching out well past six feet. 
 “I’ve missed you.” I said hugging him again. 
“I can’t believe I’m finally here! This place is nicer than your place in Boston.” Ryan said as he walked me towards the kitchen, towards the donuts.  
“Are you coming to school with me?” I asked worried how I was going to talk to  Ian with Ryan on my tail.
 “I was hoping so.” He said giving me a mischievous expression as he pulled me for another hug. 
 “Okay well you should put your stuff in my room, so my mom doesn’t have to look at it all day.” I said trying to sound happier than I really was. I pulled away and headed for my room. He grabbed his two bags and took them and followed. “Mom, why didn’t you tell me?” I came back out quickly before Ryan. I whispered to her but it kind of sounded like a hiss. 
“Sorry, he swore me to secrecy, and you had so much on your plate, honey.” Like I could forget? 
“You didn’t tell him anything about yesterday?” I said actually afraid Ryan would find out. 
“No, not a peep.” She said as she sipped her cup of coffee, “Your make up looks good.” She said as she handed me a to go cup of coffee. She knew me too well. I took a sip of the bliss and turned to find Ryan back in the room. 
“Ready to go?” I asked brightly. “Yes,” Ryan said as he grabbed my backpack by the door and opened the front door for me. I grabbed my mother’s keys and we were out the door with nothing but a wave from her. 
“Your mom is so cool, for keeping this secret from you.” He said as we got into the car. I grabbed my cell phone it was probably the only time I was going to say anything to Ian. 
Ryan is here. Do you still hate me? 
I sent the text and put my phone away in my pocket. We got to school a few minutes earlier, I guess I was in a rush or traffic was light, but I didn’t really remember the drive. I got out of the car. Ryan was holding my bag already and he was walking towards me. “I’ve been dying to do this since you left.” He said as he pulled me in for a kiss. I pulled away quickly telling him, it was embarrassing to see PDA so early in the morning. He shrugged and we walked to my locker. 
I started turning the combination as Ryan leaned on the locker beside me absorbing his new surroundings. “Oh my god, Annie! Why didn’t you call me last night? I am dying to know what happened with….” She stopped talking when Ryan leaned over to ask if that was Jamie. 
“Jamie, this is Ryan. Ryan…Jamie.” I said with a smile to Jamie, hopefully she wouldn’t bring up yesterday. 
“I thought you weren’t coming until tomorrow night?” Jamie said suspiciously.
 “I got here early to surprise Annie. I really missed her.” Ryan said as he put an arm around my waist and kissed my cheek. I put on a smile and prayed it didn’t look as fake as it felt. 
As I was smiling at Jamie though, my smile disappeared when I say Ian walking past us toward his locker. He gave the situation a quick glance but turned away to not show interest. “Have you seen, Ian?” Jamie chimed in alerting me to reality. I gave her an angry look that I hope Ryan didn’t notice.
 “No, we’ll see him around, eventually.” I said with a shrug. Jamie gave me a curious look, but didn’t say anything further. 
~~~
“I got your pass already, Ryan, so you can go to classes with me.” I said with a smile. “We have to go to English, see you next period?” I said with a heartfelt smile to Jamie, for all the things she hadn’t said.
 “Have fun,” she said as she walked off. 
“English? Do you like the teacher?” Ryan asked as we started towards the now familiar classroom.
 “Yeah, he’s interesting, kind of picks on me but it’s because he likes my name.” I said nonchalantly. I handed Mr. Rawlins the paper for him to sign so Ryan could stay in class all three days. He signed it and handed it back to me just as quickly. I pulled up to Ian’s usual seat and sat there with Ryan in my normal seat. I knew Ian wasn’t going to want to sit anywhere near me anytime soon.
 “I like her, she does remind me of your mom.” He said leaning into my ear behind me. “So when do I meet Ian?” he said his breath was tickling my ear. 
Class started with Ian nowhere in sight. I didn’t know if I should be relieved or miserable because he wasn’t here but that quickly changed when he sauntered into class late. “Mr. Molina, nice of you to join us.” Rawlins said drily, taking the late slip Ian extended to him.
 “Thanks,” he mumbled as he took an empty seat at the other end of the room. I watched him sit down and take out his books, but stopped quickly when I realized Ryan was watching me watch Ian. Awkward didn’t even begin to cover it.
I tried to pay attention in class and not do what I normally did because I’m pretty sure watching Ian was not going to make Ryan happy. Class ended and I jumped quickly excited to go to a class where Jamie would be there to distract Ryan from me, and she could distract me from Ian, who gave me a quick simmering look as we walked out of the classroom but didn’t say anything. He was clearly still upset with me and Ryan’s early arrival was not helping the matter.
When I got to second period, Jamie was already anxiously awaiting our arrival. What I wasn’t expecting was for Ian to be sitting in front holding a conversation with her. They looked happy? I sat across from Jamie with Ryan behind me. “So you must be Ryan?” Ian said with a forced smile only I knew the difference between. Ryan looked at him, taking him in, or the fact that I hadn’t pointed him out in English. “I’m Ian,” he said his smile still showing. Ryan leaned forward and shook his hand. “Sorry wish I could have talked to you in English but I was running late.” Ian said his charming behavior surprising me and Jamie. 
Jamie gave me another questioning look but still didn’t say anything. 
 We need to talk ASAP. 
Jamie’s text read. I mouthed a why to her while the boys continued to talk. I texted her I have no clue what is going on I thought Ian hated my guts after yesterday and Ryan is a day early. I sighed as I read the text partially summarizing my messed up existence. She shot me another questioning look but before she could answer the boys started noticing our odd behavior. “What’s up Annie?” Ryan said studying my face. 
“Oh nothing just talking girl talk with Jamie” I said with a smile hoping it looked innocent enough.
 Ian looked at me and although he just had a conversation with Ryan, he hadn’t said a word to me. He was trying to piss me off. Class started I gave a few glares towards Ian but he was evidently ignoring me.  Great! Life was going to be just peachy. I didn’t want to say anything to anyone about yesterday not until I was able to talk to Ian alone, but that looked impossible. 
My morning classes flew by and it was time for lunch, lunch I usually only shared with Jamie but today, there was four of us. What was Ian trying to do to me? Jamie sat beside me and Ian and Ryan sat across from us. She pulled out a notebook and quickly wrote what the hell is going on? And passed the book so only I could see it. 
“Boston? What’s it liked there it has to be better than Philly.” Ian started and him and Ryan went on a long tangent comparing and contrasting the two cities. Jamie wasn’t interested she was waiting for my response. It was taking a while, I had a lot to write. I told her about that kiss, our fight, my growing crush, Ryan’s early arrival so I couldn’t talk to Ian, and Ian’s odd behavior. I threw back the notebook and watched Jamie’s reaction or reactions. 
She wrote back.
 OMG, what is going to happen with Ryan…with Ian? 
I looked at her hoping maybe she knew the answer that hadn’t presented itself to me yet. 
IDK, was all I wrote back. 
The boys happened to notice what was going on and started asking questions. “Just girl talk.” I said as I handed Jamie back her notebook and she put it away. Ryan leaned over he was across from me and attempted a kiss but I didn’t abide. Ian was right there and he mattered to me whether he was mad or not. 
 “I think we should all hang out after school if you guys don’t have anything planned?” 
“Ryan, I’m sure they have plans let’s plan something later this week.”
 “Actually I’m free.” Jamie said in a happy, clueless voice. 
“Me too,” Ian said with a hard glance towards me. 
“It’s settled what is there to do in this town?” Ryan said finally leaning back into his chair and picking at his food. 
“Oh, wait, but I have to drop off my mom’s car.” Ian said with false disappointment, “Guess I’ll have to rain check.” 
“Nonsense,” Jamie and Ryan said together. They were already reading each other’s minds after a few hours together. Creepy!
 “Ian, man, we can just follow you home and drive you back.”Ryan said reassuringly as he looked at me for confirmation.
 Ian forced a smile and was about to decline again. 
 “Actually I’ll follow Ian home and then go to Annie’s so we can decide what we wanna do.” Jamie interjected.
“Yeah, my mom needs the car tonight, she has a date, Ry. It will be easier if Jamie picks up Ian.” I said with a smile. Ian swallowed noticeably. His whole plan had clicked. He was trying to get out of being at my house but Jamie and Ryan had roped him back in. 
“Okay…Is that cool with you, Ian?” Ryan said turning to actually face him again.
 “Fine by me.” Ian said with a nonchalant shrug. Jamie gave me a worried glance, but we started talking about heading to the mall to catch a movie. Sounded like a safe plan with limited conversation. I was in.
After school Jamie was at my locker, telling me she would talk to Ian on the drive to my apartment. I hoped she found something out but it sounded unlikely. I walked to the car, Ryan was animated, he was enjoying my new school more than me. When we got into the car his attitude changed slightly. “You lied,” he said matter-of-factly when I got into the car.
 “What?” I asked surprised.
 “Ian was supposed to be ugly or gay…he’s neither.” He added as he turned his gaze towards me. 
“I never said he was any of those things…I believe I said it really doesn’t matter because I have you.” I said with a hopefully seductive and sincere smile. 
“Your right that answer is good.” Ryan said as he moved his hand to squeeze my knee. 
“Does he have a thing for Jamie?” Ryan asked after some time. 
“Um no I don’t think so. Why?” 
 “They just seem really close…and she volunteered to pick him up.”
 “I think she just wanted to give us some extra alone time.” I said hoping his curiosity would settle but I was sadly mistaken. 
“Who’s closer?” he asked this time. 
“What do you mean?” 
“You and Jamie? You and Ian? Jamie and Ian?” 
“Um well Jamie and Ian have known each other since they started high school but they never really talked until I came to school.” 
“So they are friends because of you?”
 “Yup.”
“So who do you consider yourself closer to?” He questioned, and this was starting to bother me; why was he asking me this? 
“Um I don’t know I talk to them about different things…Jamie and I talk about school and girl stuff you know…boys and drama. It’s never boring with her a lot like with my mom. Wi..with Ian we talk about a lot too…he’s easy to talk to.”
 “Like what?”
 “Um family, he understands my relationship with my mom…English…Ian’s a really good writer…we talked about our dream careers and stuff.” 
“That’s sounds like a lot of information to talk about with a stranger.” Ryan remarked sarcastically.
 “Ian’s not a stranger, he’s my friend. You met him, he’s really easy to talk to.” I said hoping he would change the subject. I didn’t want to talk about Ian with Ryan especially because all that happened when I thought of Ian was that kiss. That mind numbingly perfect kiss we shared. I felt my face redden and I was relieved to be home.
 Chapter 12: Avoid…Avoid…Avoid!
When we pulled up to my house, Jamie and Ian were pulling up behind us. Wow they had gotten here fast. Jamie slammed shut her door and walked passed me huffily. She was fuming, their conversation had ended badly I could tell. Erratic driving and an enraged Jamie was no fun. I walked over to Jamie, “What’s wrong?” 
“He’s such a jerk, why do you talk to him?” Jamie said still seething. 
“What happened?” I asked but Jamie never responded because Ryan caught up to us. 
“I’ll tell you later.” She said and then walked ahead of us to my apartment. Ian was following far behind probably trying to give Jamie some breathing room before she murdered him. 
“What’s up with them?” Ryan whispered before we walked into the house.
 “Fight.” I said with a shrug. I had as much knowledge as Ryan did for once. I opened my front door and walked into my mom with a sleek looking black cocktail dress on. “Nice dress…new?” I said as I pulled my keys out of the door and let everyone into the living room. 
“Yeah,” my mom said and then looked at the group of kids walking into her home. Her eyes slightly widened when she saw Ian but she didn’t say a word. “I guess Ian was serious about his promise.” My mom added with a smirk. 
“Yeah, Charlie, you look great by the way,” he said putting on a megawatt smile for my mother, “Jack won’t be disappointed.”
 “Oh you’re so sweet.” She said with a giggle. The rest of us were watching in shock at Ian’s overtly charming behavior towards my mother. Where was that charming personality for me? Was I the only one that got angry glares and yelled at on a regular basis?
“Um Annie…shoes?” my mom said gesturing for me to follow.
 “Sure,” I said as I followed her into her bedroom. She walked to her closet.
 “I thought he was mad at you?” She said pulling out several pairs of pumps. 
“He is. He hasn’t talked to me once.” I said in a quieter tone than the one my mom was using.  
“Then why is he here?” I shrugged, “Annie.”
 “He’s talked to Ryan and they seem to be getting along, but…” 
“But?”
 “But he hasn’t said anything to me.” I said with a sigh. “The strappy ankle ones.” I said and walked back out into the living room. 
“So what do you guys want to do?” I said to my friends sitting on the couch staring at me now. 
“How does pizza sound?” My mom said still in her bedroom. 
They agreed, “Great, I’ll order two and then we can pick out a movie to watch or something.” After ordering the pizza, I quickly went to my room to check my email, which I was avoiding for fear of another email from my father. I opened my inbox and I was right. There was another email sitting in front of me. I opened it nervous to what laid inside. 
 Annabanana, it does exist but I don’t think I should tell you anything your mother would be furious. I’d like you to tell me more about this dream you had though? Do you have dreams like that one often?
 -- Dad
His emails were becoming more loving but he wasn’t answering my questions. I slammed my hands on the desk and prayed no one heard my small outburst. I thought for a moment and then decided I was going to be upfront I couldn’t keep beating around the proverbial bush when Ian’s life was on the line.
 Well I had the dream once, it was weird. I was six and you were arguing with mom about me not being able to do something. She said I was fine just the way I was and you shouldn’t be trying to push me into anything. I think I know what she was talking about but I want you to tell me. Tell me I’m not a freak…tell me what you’re hiding. I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important. Be honest, dad.
 –Annabel
I sent the email but was startled to see the figure standing in my doorway. “Anna,” Ian said in no more than a whisper. 
“Oh are you talking to me now?” I asked in a not too nice tone. 
“I was mad…can we just forget about yesterday?” I didn’t know what to say to that. I couldn’t forget about it even if I wanted to, it was perfect. 
“I guess…what’s up?” 
 “Have you gotten anymore emails?” He asked opening my door more letting in more light. 
“Yeah, I was just replying.” 
“Can I see what he wrote?” He asked now moving from the door frame.
 “Yeah, close out the program when you’re done.” I said standing and pretty much trading places with him. “One more thing,” I said stopping at the doorframe, “what did you say to Jamie?” 
 He looked pensive, “She asked about yesterday I told her to mind her business.” He said with an uncaring shrug. 
 “Ian, you can be so rude sometimes.” I said a little too loudly.
 “She doesn’t need to know anything.” He said his voice sounding annoyed. 
“God, you can be such a jerk sometimes.” I said leaning against the doorframe.
 “Be thankful I didn’t tell her. Jamie can’t keep a secret to save her life.” He said vehemently. 
“She knows some of it, she just wanted your point of view.” I said with a sigh, “But yeah she would have probably told me.” He looked at me for a moment but didn’t say anything.  
He had a point, I didn’t say another word. I just walked back into the living room to find Jamie and Ryan deep in conversation about which movie we should be watching when the pizza gets here. “Hey, did you guys decide what you are going to watch?” 
“I think we totally want to watch a comedy.” Jamie said, “Where is Ian?”
 “He’s proofreading my section of our English project. He’s a better editor than me.” I said with a shrug. The lies have been coming so easily lately, what was wrong with me? 
My mom walked out of her room, “I think I’m ready.”
 “You are,” I said with a smile. 
“Left the money on the counter for the pizza, enjoy…um do you need the car tonight?” 
“No.”
 “But--”
 “Jamie has her car.”
 “Okay,” she said not adding another word. I loved that my mom guarded secrets with her life. It’s probably why we were so close. My mom grabbed the car keys and was out the door. 
“Annie, your mom is so pretty.” Jamie said as she sank back onto the sofa with a DVD in hand. 
“Yeah, hope I look that good when I’m her age.” I added absently. 
“Of course you are you look just like her.” Ryan said coming behind me and wrapping his arms around me. 
“Yeah, right.” I said trying to move out of Ryan’s embrace but failing, he was holding me tight. Much to my delight, Ian came back in the room at just the right moment. 
“Great job on the paper, Anna.”  Ian said as he quickly absorbed Ryan’s hands around me and quickly looked away, landing on the other side of the sofa, avoiding Jamie, who was probably still mad at him. 
Ryan finally let me go, as someone knocked on the door. “Must be the pizza I’m starved.” I said grabbing the money and walking to the door. I paid and grabbed the pies and placed them on the dining room table. “Crap, plates,” I said as I started cleaning off the table for the four of us to eat. 
“I got it.” Ian said as he moved into the kitchen and grabbed some plates and sodas for the four of us. Maybe, he was here too much if he knew where everything was, hopefully Ryan and Jamie didn’t notice.
We ate, chatted, and actually seemed to be having a pretty fun night. After two movies we decided it was time for Jamie and Ian to go home. We did have school tomorrow, after all. I hugged Jamie as she walked out the door and hugged Ian not to make it look like it was awkward but as soon as I did it I instantly regretted it. Not only did I not want to let go of his electrically charged touch, but I had a vision on top of it. I let go instantly hoping Ian didn’t see what I saw, but from his wide eyed stare, I knew he did. He left without another word, I wanted to say so much more after that vision but I couldn’t with Ryan and Jamie there. 
“So that was fun.” Ryan said as he slumped back on the sofa.
 “Yeah,” I said going into the kitchen to clean up our mess. I started to fill up the dishwasher trying to get my mind off that vision. I had to try and make sure it didn’t happen, this wasn’t coming true. I hoped Ian felt the same way. I slid another set of dishes in the machine. 
I was standing in my room mid argument with Ian. We were arguing but I had no idea what it was about, but I felt my budding rage. “You have no right to say that to me, I’m doing what I can!” I shouted.
 “Why are you doing this? You don’t even have to be with him?” He said grabbing my wrist.
 “He cares about me and I care about him. Besides why are you bothering you don’t even care you don’t even like me!” He gave me a long stare, still holding my wrist. He pulled me towards him.
 “Of course I care.” He said and kissed me softly on the lips. I felt like I was melting in his arms. 
“I knew it!” Said the angry male voice from behind us. We both turned to see Ryan standing there. His face enraged. It ended just as abruptly as it started. 
“Annie?” Ryan said walking into the kitchen. 
“So honestly now, what do you think about Philly?” I said turning to face him.
 “You seem happy here. Jamie and Ian are cool. I think Ian may be somewhat of a jerk but he’s nice enough. I guess he likes you more than Jamie.”
 “They had an argument it happens, Ian and Jamie don’t really know how to keep their opinions to themselves, which leads to a lot of head butting.”
 “They fight a lot?”
 “No, this is probably the second fight they’ve ever had.” I said with a shrug. 
“I think he might like you.” Ryan said as he slid his hands around my waist again pulling me closer to him. 
“I don’t think so, Ry.”
 “Why not? Do you see the way he looks at you and that hug? Yeah that hug…don’t hug him again.”  He said crossing his arms over his chest. It was meant to show his seriousness and the finality of his statement but I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Ay ay captain” I said with a small salute. “Are you jealous?” I said with a small teasing smile.  
“Not when I get to do this.” He said and placed his lips onto mine. It’s not like I had a viable reason to escape so I stayed. His kiss was nice, familiar, but it didn’t come close to anything I felt with Ian. 
His hands left my waist and ran up my shoulders until his fingers were brushing my neck, cheeks, and going through my newly straightened hair. I kissed him back but I really wasn’t into making out with him. I wonder what excuse I can make to get out of this, but that wasn’t looking likely when he started pushing me into the fridge. His body was intimately pressed against mine. There was no chance of escape. I tried to think of something, anything other than Ian’s kisses, but Ryan was making it impossible. This was probably the most awkward kissing of my life. 
“Annie,” Ryan whispered some of his sandy locks falling down his forehead. “I’m so happy I’m here with you.” He said pushing the hair away from my face. “Can we kiss somewhere other than the kitchen?” I looked at the time on the stovetop. 
“It’s getting late my mom should be home any minute.” I said trying to pull away but he was still kissing me on the cheek, neck, shoulders. “Ry,” I said trying to hide the annoyance in my voice. “I think we should go to make your bed.” He sighed and dropped his hands. 
“Always the lady, Annabel.” Ryan said following me into my mother’s office so I could make the sofa bed. I pulled off the pillows and then the mattress with little of Ryan’s help. After everything was done. Ryan grabbed his bags and placed them in his temporary bedroom. “Goodnight, beautiful.” He said at his doorway, he kissed my forehead, which was sweet. 
“Goodnight, Ryan.” I said as I unwrapped my hands from around him. 
I walked into my room closing the door behind me as my mom came into the house. My computer screen was still on. I looked at the open email Ian had left open. My dad hadn’t sent another one. I looked over the last message he sent, I couldn’t believe he was so blatantly avoiding my question. I saw a draft sitting in my inbox which I found odd. So I opened the file, it was made today. Ian?
I can never say what I want to say to you, without you pressing a button to set me off to run or become so angry I can barely think straight. You said you enjoyed my writing, so here goes nothing. I’m writing to you not only because we won’t have any moments alone together until after Ryan leaves, but because I need to get this off my chest without you here to interrupt me. Annabanana (I like the sound of that), I meant what I said yesterday sort of at least. That kiss was special but we can’t be together, Anna. It will never work. It’s not because I’m supposed to die in the near future or the fact that Ryan is kissing you. We won’t work because we are different people, the only thing that links us is the biological responses we have to each other. We should not confuse our bodies’ responses with romance. I want us to be friends and I think we can make that work. You are one of the only people I’ve ever met that can see right through me, I don’t want to lose that. I like talking to you, even if we end up ready to rip each other’s throats out. 
One more thing I should say. I didn’t tell Jamie a word because she would have blurted it out in front of Ryan. She’s so predictable. I told her we had a nasty argument. She asked me what about and I said it was none of her business. We argued, she stormed out of the car afterwards. I’m sure she probably told you about all of this. 
I guess the last thing I should say is. I like Ryan. He’s not as smart as I thought he would be but he seems nice enough and you should be happy with him. There’s no need to break up with someone that you don’t completely hate. Have fun with him. –Ian
I couldn’t believe what I was reading; I had started crying and didn’t even know when. He wanted me to stay with Ryan, he really didn’t want to be with me. What was wrong with me? Biological reactions? Where did he come up with this stuff? I had to talk to him, he obviously wasn’t thinking clearly when he wrote this. 
I pulled out my cell phone and called Ian. He answered quickly. “How dare you!” I hissed into the phone. “How dare you tell me what I feel?” 
“Anna?” Ian said groggily. “You read what I wrote?”
 “Yes!” I almost shouted into the phone.
 “I knew you’d be angry but it’s the truth.” I sank into my bed in disbelief. 
“You really don’t care about me?” I said nearly heartbroken. He was breaking my heart with every word he said.
“You know that’s not true,” he said firmly.
 “Is it? Because according to what you wrote you’d rather we just stay friends that never ever touch again, while I date Ryan, until I hate his guts.” I said into the phone but it probably wasn’t very coherent through my sobs.
Chapter 13: Lonely in the Masses
“Don’t cry Anna,” he said soothingly into the phone. 
“Why shouldn’t I cry?” I said still sobbing.
 “You are special, I don’t want to ruin what a great thing we have going on now, especially if I’m about to die. Besides Ryan is a good enough guy.” 
“Good enough?” I said slightly stunned by the words he was saying.
 “Yeah, you’ll meet the perfect guy soon enough it might not be Ryan but he’s good for you right now.” I couldn’t even stop myself from saying the words that came next.
 “I’ve met the perfect guy, Ian. We are supposed to be together. I love you.” I said my tears coming down heavier. 
He sighed heavily into the phone but didn’t say a word. “Anna, I think you are just confused.”
 “Confused?” I scoffed. “Are you telling me I don’t know how I feel?”
 “No, I’m just saying your body is trying to trick us into being together.”
 “Then why does your touch feel as incredible as it does. Doesn’t that say anything? I love the way it feels. You love the way it feels.” 
“It has something to do with your powers I’m almost sure of it. Maybe you’ve never met anyone that is sensitive to your gift and that’s all it is,” He said matter-of-factly. 
“When did you become such an expert on my gift?” 
“I’m not saying I am, I’m just saying that there has to be a more rational reason for our reaction to each other than love.” 
“What about my visions then?” 
“They could come true but I don’t want them, too. Especially today’s.” 
“Yeah I don’t want that to happen either.” I said, my tears starting to subside as I thought about that awful vision.
 “Annabel, you deserve so much better than me. I’m just trouble. I could never make you happy. I’ve known you two weeks and I’ve seen you cry one too many times.”
 “You really don’t want me?” I said new tears springing to life. He sighed again.
 “I’d rather you be happy, then with me.”
 “I won’t be happy unless I’m with you.”
 “You are being melodramatic.”
 “Fine, whatever you want, my opinion obviously doesn’t matter to you. Forget everything I said today. I completely agree with everything your letter says.” I said trying to hold back the sobs and sound strong. 
“I care about you more than you think.”
 “Could have fooled me.” I said slightly louder than a whisper.
 “Talk to me until you feel better.” He said probably still sensing my distress.
 “No, I’m fine, I can handle things all by myself.” I said firmly.
 He sighed again, “Fine…Goodnight, Annabanana,” He said softly, sweetly. It brought a new set of tears to my eyes. I couldn’t even make the words don’t call me that come out. I choked out a goodbye and quickly hung up the phone. 
I sat crying in my bed for god knows how long. I had lost. It felt like my heart was being stomped on, I don’t know how I actually found any sleep, but I woke up before my alarm the next morning. I showered and put on make up to cover up my again puffy eyes. 
My mom was already awake with a cup of coffee in her hands. “How was last night?” she asked, as I walked out into the living room and knocked on Ryan’s door.
 “I’m up,” He shouted not too nicely.
 “My bathroom’s open.” I replied sweetly.
 “Thanks.” He grumbled. 
 “Fine,” I said as I walked into the kitchen and grabbed a cup of coffee too. 
“Didn’t sound fine, were you crying again last night?” She whispered to me.
 “Mom, everything’s fine.” I said turning to grab a box of cereal. 
“Anna, you’re a terrible liar.” I sighed, I wished that was still true. 
“I had another fight with…” Ryan walked out groggily, he walked into my room without a word. He wasn’t much of a morning person. “Ian,” I finished. 
“You were on the phone with him last night?” I nodded. 
“I thought I was being quiet, I’m sorry, I hope I didn’t keep you up.”
 “No, honey I just heard you start to talk didn’t really hear anything.” I nodded, while grabbing the milk in the fridge. I sat at the counter with my bowl of cereal and coffee. “What happened?” I looked at her for a moment. I didn’t want to cry again, especially when Ryan could walk into the room at any moment.
 “He sent me an email.” I started, “He really doesn’t want to be with me. He doesn’t think we would work together since we always seem to fight. He said he cares too much to see me sad.”
 “So even though you want to be with him, he doesn’t.” I nodded in agreement, “Doesn’t that hurt you?” I nodded again. 
“He thinks Ryan is a better match for me.” 
“What about your kiss?” She said leaning forward on the counter, seemingly invested in our conversation.
 “He said it was special but it should never happen again.” I felt my eyes starting to well up again.  I looked down at my cereal I wasn’t really hungry after having this conversation. “He still wants to be friends though.” I said trying to sound happier than I felt. My mother just gave me the most sympathetic look, possible. It made me want to cry more. “When did my life get so messed up?” She walked around the counter and gave me hug. 
“It gets easier,” she said. “He will come to his senses, but maybe you should work on one problem at a time.” My mom said as my bedroom door opened. I knew what she meant I had to break up with Ryan instead of crying about another boy behind his back. “So what movies did you guys watch?” My mom asked quickly changing subjects since Ryan was there now. 
“Oh yeah, that was fun.” Ryan said as he started rambling movie titles to her. They talked while I silently choked back my tears and ate my cereal. After a shower, Ryan was back to being his usual fun, outgoing self. He gave me a hug while still talking to my mother and then poured himself a bowl of cereal. 
On the way to school he rambled about what we should do and he suggested we actually make good on our mall plans…alone. I gulped, did I really want to be alone with Ryan? I pulled up and Ryan grabbed my waist as soon as he could get close to me. “What’s been up with you, Annie?” He said as he walked towards my locker still holding my waist tightly. 
“What do you mean what’s wrong with me?” I asked defensively.
 “You just seem different from the girl I knew in Boston,” he said a hint of his accent showed when he said the word ‘Boston.’ I always thought that was an adorable quirk that made me laugh.  
“Well everyone changes.” I said feeling kind of hurt by his accusation. 
“Annie, it’s only been three weeks…I know you, something is wrong.”
I sighed loudly. What was I supposed to say to that? I didn’t know how to answer his questions. He knew me too well, better than I actually thought he did. “The thing is…” I started not really sure where I wanted to go with this. “I got in contact with my father.” I said looking up at him to see if he believed what I was saying. 
“Why?” He said watching me intently as I exchanged books in my locker.
 “Well I had some questions that I couldn’t ask my mom. I haven’t even told her I contacted him.” I said looking down thinking about how much I would regret not telling her if she ever found out the truth. 
“Have you told anyone?” He said still watching me closely. 
“Yeah…Ian.” I said regretting that I had to tell him anything about him. 
“That’s why you two are so close?” Secrets have a tendency of bonding people but I didn’t say that to Ryan. 
“Yeah,” I whispered not sure where my nervousness was coming from. 
“He wasn’t helping with a paper yesterday was he?” Ryan said looking at me the same inquisitive look across his face.
 “How did you know?” 
“Annie, I’m going to class with you, there’s no English project.” I felt ashamed that I didn’t even think of my lie when I had told Ryan about Ian being in my room. 
“He was in my room yesterday because he wanted to read the last few emails I exchanged with my dad.” Ryan nodded acceptingly. He was really taking this better than I thought and for a split second I reconsidered what Ian had said to me. Maybe, Ian was right. What if Ryan really was good for me? That thought quickly dissolved when I saw Ian sitting in his usual spot in our English class. Looking like the dark brooding guy I couldn’t help but be in love with. 
We sat down behind Ian for English. “What has he said?” Ryan asked as I stopped shuffling around with my books for class.
 “What are you talking about?” I said confused by which topic we were on. 
“Your dad, what has he said?” Ryan said casually but Ian had turned around the look of accusation on his face, told me everything.
“You told him?” Ian said shocked. Ryan looked at him defensively.
 “Of course she told me we don’t hide anything from each other.” I looked at the two of them not sure where this was going or if I even wanted to say anything, but my mouth had a mind of its own. 
“Ian, of course I told him about my dad. Ryan can sense when something is up with me. He knew I lied about the English project.” I said hoping Ian would see that I was backed into a corner. Ian didn’t say anything he just looked at me for a moment and turned around. God, he was harder to read than hieroglyphics. 
“So what have you two talked about?” Ryan tried again. “Is he going to meet you?” He added again trying to regain my attention.
 “We’ve been talking about why my parents got divorced and why we don’t see each other.” Ian was listening but he didn’t turn around to say anything. Or maybe so he wouldn’t give away my lies. Class started so I didn’t have to say much to Ryan, much to my relief. Apparently, Rawlins sensed my unease because he made me one of the readers for our readings of the crucible. Awesome! I got to read all of Abigail’s lines. After a whole period of six or so of us rambling old English to a semi-comatose class I was relieved class was over.
“I think you might be right about your English teacher.” Ryan said as we walked out of the classroom. 
“Oh yeah, what did she say?” Ian said walking alongside Ryan. 
Ryan looked at me and then at him, “He likes to pick on Annabel.”
Ian sent a mocking glance towards me, “No he doesn’t, he likes Annabel.”Ian said emphasizing the fact that he was using my full name. 
“Then why did he pick on her?” Ryan said matter-of-factly.
 “Because Anna has a good reading voice, and is one of a handful of people that will read without stopping at every third word” Ian said not impressed with Ryan’s disdain for Mr. Rawlins. 
“Boys, it’s no big deal. I like Rawlins he’s cool. Besides, Ry, be nicer. That is Ian’s favorite teacher.” I said as I walked ahead slightly to meet with Jamie, who was waving at us. Ryan stopped and eyed Ian for a moment.
 “Sorry,” he said so quietly that I barely heard him. I doubt Ian heard at all.
Classes were a little easier with Jamie, she tended to smooth out all the animosity that seemed to be growing between Ian and Ryan. I knew why Ian was pissed but I had no clue what was bothering Ryan. Was he seeing something that I didn’t want him to see? I think my paranoia was starting to grow with every passing minute the two of them were together. 
I sighed loudly as everyone sat quietly at lunch. Ryan hadn’t said much since second period and I had no clue what was wrong with him. I leaned over to whisper, “Are you okay?” in his ear, but he just looked at me and didn’t say another word. “Are you mad at me?” I tried again.
 “Annie, you are hiding something.” He said loud enough for Jamie and Ian to see and turn and look. I was in disbelief he had figured it out. 
“What?” I said awestruck by his words and nonchalant deliverance of that utterance. Ian and Jamie just looked at us not saying a word. 
“Why do you feel that way?”
 He sighed, “Can we talk about this later? Without the audience?” He said softly hoping I was the only one that heard but I knew they heard when I saw them turn away from us. 
“Ry, that was rude, Jamie and Ian don’t deserve that.” I said defending my new friends. Ryan gave me an insulted look but just mumbled an apology. He stopped talking completely for the rest of the day. 
At the end of the day as I was at my locker preparing to leave, Ryan was still mad and still not talking to me. He just huffed and puffed and mumbled snide remarks to whatever I said. This was going to get old really quick. “Anna?” Ian said from behind.
 “I guess you guys have plans….text me if he says anything good in his next email.” I nodded and Ian left to his own locker. I left shortly after with Ryan in toe. I was not excited about this drive home. 
“Annie.” He said before I even started the car.
 I exhaled deeply and said, “You’ve been a major jackass today.”
 “I know I’m sorry but…” 
“But what?” I said not hiding my annoyance with him. 
“I don’t like it. First, you tell me you started talking to your dad and the only one that knows is Ian. Why Ian? He likes you…don’t tell me you haven’t seen it? He’s just trying to get in your pants that guy is bad news. Why couldn’t you tell me about your dad first?” He sounded hurt, not angry. 
“I told Ian because it was his suggestion. I had questions and he helped me find out how to get in contact with him…and you’re wrong Ian and I are just friends, that’s all he wants.” Ryan’s face scrunched up into rage. I winced at my verbal misstep. 
 “Do you want to be more than friends with him?” I didn’t know how to answer that with Ryan not wanting to kill Ian or not tell him about my visions. 
“When I first met him I thought he was the biggest jerk I’d ever met.” I started hoping he would let me make my point. 
“Ian surprised me, he’s aloof sometimes but when he cares, he cares. He’s been a great friend since I got here. I may have confused his feelings for me but he made it perfectly clear we would never work out and that I’d be happier with you. That’s not why I’m with you if that’s what you’re thinking.” In actuality that was probably the only reason I was still considering Ryan when I was in love with Ian, but I didn’t want to break his heart. 
“Just friends?” He looked at me suspiciously as he said it. “Have you cheated on me, Annie?” I took a deep breath, hoping to stall that question. 
“No.” I said hoping to sound insulted.
 “Annie.”
 “What do you want me to say, Ryan?” I said my voice getting louder. “I said no.”
 He sighed, “I know you are lying. You are a terrible liar.” Oddly, I thought I was getting better. I glanced over quickly. “Did you kiss…did you?”
 “No, Ry.”
 “Just a kiss?” He persisted. I looked at him in disbelief and nodded in affirmation.
 “Do you hate me?”
 “No…I could never hate you.” He said seeming to relax slightly. “I just want you to tell me everything before we move past this.” 
“It was one kiss.” I looked at him, “I kissed him,” I lied. “He pulled away and said that it wasn’t right and that even if I wasn’t with you, we wouldn’t work out. He just wanted to be friends.” I waited for Ryan to respond. 
It took a while. “Are you over him?” I was going to lie again I hope he didn’t catch me.
 “I think so.” I said, and he exhaled in relief. 
“Do you still wanna be with me, Annie?” It wasn’t a question that I had time to decide on yet. I liked Ryan and even though I had just said I was over Ian. I wasn’t but that wasn’t in the cards for us. 
 “I care about you, Ry.” I said trying to make the conviction evident in my voice.
  “Well I guess I should confess too.” He added softly, so softly I barely heard the words. 
“What do you have to confess?” I said a little taken aback by the statement. 
Chapter 14: Perfect?
“Well you remember Monica’s party?” He said uneasiness was obvious on him.
 “Yeah…what happened at her party?” I asked already annoyed. Monica Deminco hated my guts when I was in Boston. I don’t even know why, I barely said a word to her, but I think it had to do with a vision I had of her that really doesn’t matter now. Everyday though she was always there to make snarky remarks to me, the fact that she was in the same circle of friends as Ryan bothered me immensely but I didn’t say that to him. 
“Well I was really drunk.” He started, “and so was Monica…” I wanted to vomit; this had to do with her. Can someone just kill me now? 
“So did you just kiss her or more?” I asked afraid of what the answer might be. I had known Ryan wasn’t a boy scout, he didn’t wait he had been around at our old school, but he also understood I wanted to wait…at least that’s what I was told to believe. Oh god, this was going to be bad I could feel it…. And I didn’t even need to have visions of the future to know this was going to be bad.
 “We sorta hooked up.” He said nervously running a hand through his hair.
 “Hooked up? As in made out or sex, Ryan, stop beating around the bush.” I said irritation starting to show. He looked at me his guilty face giving me his answer. “Geez, Ryan, MONICA DEMINCO!” I yelled as I pulled into a parking space. 
“Annie, it was an accident, it didn’t mean anything, I swear. It will never ever happen again honest, babe, I love you.” I couldn’t absorb this not only had Ryan cheated on me, but he cheated on me with Monica freaking Deminco and then had the nerve to tell me he loved me. This was un-freaking-real! 
“What do you want me to say to that?” I said snidely hoping he recognized my anger.
 “Forgive me, love.” I rolled my eyes.
 “Just because you said I love you, does not make up for hooking up with Monica.”
 “I forgave you for kissing Ian.” I looked at him in disbelief this could not be happening to me. 
“Ryan, this is completely different I kissed Ian…you slept with Monica, you did something with her that we haven’t even discussed.” He looked away from me ignoring my glare. Frustrated, I got out of the already parked car and slammed the door behind me. Ryan got out quickly following me. 
“Annie!” he said almost pleading with me. I stopped and turned to look at him we were standing in front of the apartment complex. 
“What?” I shouted, I couldn’t hold back the rage. This was just too much.
 “It meant nothing. I just want to be with you.” He said walking towards me, I let him get within a few inches of me. He touched my cheek and I slapped it away.
 “It meant something to Monica.” I said back, knowing it probably wasn’t something Ryan admitted to himself. 
“No, she said it was an accident.”
 “Ryan, don’t be stupid. She hated me…now why is that?” I said sarcastically.
 “I don’t know…I don’t know how anyone could hate you.” He said trying to touch me again and I quickly pushed his hands away. 
“I’ll tell you why she hated me” I started matter-of-factly. “She’s freaking nuts about you! The girl has been dying to hook up with you!” I said my rage starting to grow with Ryan’s supposed ignorance. 
“No…no she doesn’t,” he said unconvincingly, it looked like he was starting to mull this over and it was starting to make more and more sense because it was true. I knew Monica liked Ryan after a vision I had of her in the bathroom talking to one of her friends about him, but for Ryan to be dumb enough to be duped by her, was unbearable. 
“I can’t just forgive you, Ryan.” I said as calmly as I could. I was trying to regain some composure before I saw my mother but it wasn’t happening.
 “Why the hell not? I forgave you!” He said his anger starting to show. I couldn’t do this I walked to my apartment’s front door and started unlocking the door. “It’s the same thing, Annie, we just forget everything like it never happened and then we will be perfect.” 
“Perfect?” I sputtered, “This could never be perfect.” He didn’t say anything just gazed at me with pleading eyes. I opened the front door. My mom wasn’t in the living room or kitchen, “Mom?” I said as I walked into the front door. 
“Room, sweetie!” she replied back.
 “Annie.” Ryan said quietly as he touched my arm, I quickly pulled my arm back.
 “No, Ryan…this won’t work.” I said finding strength I didn’t know I had. He looked shocked. 
His face in skepticism, “You don’t mean that.” He said trying to move closer to me again. 
“No, actually I do, Ryan. What makes you think that you won’t do it again?” I said moving closer to him, hopefully he was understanding how far my rage was going. I tried to stay as quiet as possible. I didn’t want my mom to overhear this conversation. He didn’t say anything, “Exactly,” I said feeling like I proved my point. “I think this means we are over.” I said trying to absorb that fact myself. I leaned on the kitchen counter, my legs suddenly feeling like jello. 
“Annie, we are great together.” He said again, but I was passed this. I was just hoping I could get him to leave early. I couldn’t see him for another three days. Knowing how horribly matched we were.
 “Yeah, Ryan but I’d rather have someone that didn’t hook up with Monica Deminco.” He looked down at the floor. “Ryan, I know you and you will do it again. Why do you want me to stay with you? When that is what is going to happen?” 
He looked up, “I guess I should go back home.” I leaned more of my weight onto the counter.
“I guess that is for the best.” I said not fully believing how quickly it was over. My anger deflated a bit. It was over. 
 “Annie, just so you know, if you would have slept with Ian I would have forgiven you. I would forgive anything you did.” He said sounding like a wounded puppy. I looked at him, stunned into silence, I didn’t even think I would cry but here I was tears rolling down my face as he walked into his temporary bedroom. Was I being too rash? He would cheat on me again I was so sure of it, it was like I had a vision of it. Was I overreacting? 
My mom walked out after Ryan closed his door. I was still at the counter crying. “Honey, what’s wrong?” She said wrapping me in her loving arms. 
“We…we broke up.” I said a new set of tears starting she held me but I could hear her gasp of disbelief. 
“What happened?” She said, rubbing my back soothingly. 
“Everything, it’s terrible. I told him about kissing Ian and…and …and he told me that he hooked up with Monica Deminco.” I said knowing it wasn’t very coherent through my sobs. 
“Who broke up with who?” She asked as she dropped our embrace and looked at me. 
“I broke up with him, mom, he hooked up with the girl I hate! And she likes him…and it would happen again I know it…I just know it!” I said almost crumbling back into my mother’s arms as I cried harder. 
“Do you want to forgive him?” I looked at her surprised.
 “I wanted to but I can’t, not after…he couldn’t even say he wouldn’t do it… at first he did but when I confronted him, he didn’t even deny it. How can I be with someone like that?” I said starting to feel better. Starting to not feel so lost.
“Is he going home?” I shrugged. 
“Let me go check on Ryan.” She said quietly and then left me in the kitchen…utterly alone. I walked to my room, the tears subsiding to just heavy breathing and a runny nose. I sat at my laptop, hoping to find some good news. Just like clockwork there was an email from my father. 
Annie, have you told your mother about this? I think you need to ASAP! Give me a call I want to hear everything!
- Love Dad
His number was written underneath his message and I quickly added it to my phone contacts. What type of message was that? Tell mom?
 That didn’t seem like a smart idea. I wanted to call Ian for advice but I wasn’t really in the mood to talk to him after these last few days. I sent him a text message as promised.
 Dad sent a message wants me to tell my mom about the visions and told me to call him. I think something is up. What do you think?-Anna. 
I sent the message and walked back into the living room. Ryan had some of his bags in the living room. He must have found a train that night. He wasn’t around and neither was my mother. I knocked on Ryan’s door. “Hi,” I said feeling a lot calmer than the last time we talked. 
“Hi,” he said not showing a hint of hostility about what was happening. 
“When are you leaving?” I asked hoping, he would at least talk to me.
 “Tonight” he said tersely and went back to packing. 
“Do you hate me?” I said knowing my voice was laced with pain. Ryan was the closest friend I had. He was my first boyfriend, and the first person I ever considered keeping in my life no matter what. He had been a great boyfriend for the last month, and everything had collapsed around us simply because I moved. 
“I could never hate you, Annabel.” He said his voice almost a whisper.
 “Do you forgive me?” I asked.
 “For what?” He said exasperated.
 “For cheating on you, for breaking up with you, for leaving early.”
 “Yeah,” he said his voice still not very loud. 
“I forgive you too.” I added hoping that would make him want to talk. 
“Really, than why are we broken up?” he said matter-of-factly. 
“Because this long distance thing is trouble. It’s been three weeks and we cheated on each other, it’s pathetic, Ry.” I said hoping he got some of the dry humor in my statement. 
He actually laughed, “Yeah, that is pretty bad.” He turned around, “Are we still friends?”
 I nodded happily. “You were there for me during everything in Boston.” I said as I moved towards him. 
“I wish you would have told me this before I got a train ticket home.” He added sarcastically. 
“It’s okay, we can rain check. Another visit this summer or something.” I said glad this was going better than I planned. 
“Do you mind driving me to the train station?” 
I brightened, “I’d be happy to.” I said giving him a hug. 
 “Great,” he said returning my smile. I let go of him leaving him with the rest of his belongings.
He finished with his last bag and walked out the door to put his bag with the rest.


~~~
Two hours later Ryan and I were in the car and I was driving him to 30th street station. “So now that we are friends,” Ryan started, “Tell me what’s up with Ian.” He said not showing a hint of emotion about the topic.
 “You know everything, Ry.” I said not wanting to dive into this. 
“You aren’t over him.” He wasn’t asking the question, he knew.
“No, not really.” 
“I heard you crying last night.” 
“That’s how you figured it out?” 
He nodded in agreement, “I heard you yelling at him. You told him you loved him. You never even told me you loved me.” He said his voice small, he was trying to hide the hurt and was failing miserably. 
“I didn’t expect this to happen, Ry.” I said feeling even worse than I was already feeling. I reached for his hand and gave it a quick squeeze.
“Why is he so special?” was all he said back. 
“He understands me, he knew before he even knew me, he can read me better than a book, he calls my bluffs.”
 “Hence why you argue so much.” 
I nodded, “and…Ryan when I kissed him I thought I was going to explode, do you know what that’s like to feel like every stupid cliché is true?” His eyes were wide in what I assumed was disbelief. “That was too much information?” I asked, blushing at what I had just said.
He nodded, “I’m happy for you, he’s an idiot if he doesn’t even give you a chance though.” 
I shrugged, “he just doesn’t feel the same way.” I said trying to detach my emotions from the statement. 
“No, he does. Annie, sometimes you are so blind. I told you yesterday the guy can’t even look away from you.” Ryan said sounding a little better, his eyes had shrunk back to their normal size. I didn’t say anything after that I didn’t know what to say. 
We pulled up to the train station, shortly after. “I’m sorry, Ryan.” I said as I gave him a hug and walked him to his escalator to the train tracks.
 “It’s no big deal, Annie. Behave,” he said kissing me quickly on the cheek. “Hope I get to visit again.” He said with a sheepish smile.
 “Actually, I think it would be my turn to visit next.” I said amusement present.
 “Can’t wait.” He said as he gave me another hug and went down to the tracks. 
I watched for a few moments as he went down the escalator and disappeared through a door. I hoped he was right because I really wanted to keep Ryan in my life. He had been one of the first people I could open up to and that still meant something whether Ian was around or not. 
I drove home in silence it was the only peace I was going to be getting. As soon as I got home I knew my mom would be there with dozens of questions about what happened. I didn’t even know how to begin to tell her about Ryan and me or the fact that dad wanted me to be upfront with her about my abilities.
I walked into the apartment to what a surprise, a worried mother. “Honey, how are you feeling?” 
“Been better.” I mumbled as I slid the keys into a dish at a nearby table. I walked into the kitchen to grab a drink and avoid the tirade of question I knew she had waiting.
 “Did you two work out your issues, you seemed better when you left.”
 “We decided it was for the best, we are better friends.” My mom nodded in understanding. I sat on the sofa and saw my cell phone on the coffee table. When did that get there? I picked it up to see if I had any messages. I had a text from Ian.
 I think you should tell her.-Ian. 
I read it in disbelief.
What if she thinks I’m a freak? 
I replied, I couldn’t tell her. She’d send me on the first train to Crazy town. I sighed as I saw Ian’s retort come to my phone.
 You can do this she probably knows more than you think. Be honest.  
How? I thought snidely. 
Chapter 15: Everything
“Mom,” I said getting off the couch and walking towards her.
 “Yeah, sweetie?”
 “I have something to tell you.” I said afraid of what was going to happen next.
 “Go ahead.” She said walking out of the kitchen and leading me back into the living room. 
“You see…um…the thing is I got in touch with dad.” I started hoping this wasn’t going to be as bad as I thought it would be.  
“Why did you do that?” Her face slightly tense as she said it.
 “Well since I was ten I’ve…I’ve had visions of the future. Lately, there have been more and I’ve been…been dreaming them too, but not just the future the past too.” My mom’s expression was stone faced and aloof.
“Why didn’t you tell me, Annie?” She whispered in reply. I looked at her shocked. She believed me?
“I thought you would think I was crazy.” I said, now feeling like an idiot for not telling her. 
“Well, has your dad told you why this is happening?”
 I shook my head, “He wanted me to tell you, first.” She nodded in understanding. “Well I guess I should start at the beginning.”
I just bobbed my head in response. I couldn’t interrupt. It was time. I wanted to know everything. 
“Well let me start from the beginning. I met you father when we were in college. He wanted to go to law school. I had no clue what I wanted to do but it had to do with art. We met and it was instant. I loved him more than I thought possible. We got married before we even finished college and you know when I had you. The thing with Steven’s family is they are unique.” She shifted a little she wasn’t comfortable with this story. “You see there is this family trait that they all seem to have. They are psychic.” She said it, with a cool detachment in her voice as she continued with the story.
 “So they are all psychic?” I said in no more than a whisper. 
“Yeah, even your dad. It goes back a long while. I don’t really know many specifics except that your father has visions of the future. When you were born, his mother, Nora, said you would be gifted. We believed her, but when you were six you weren’t showing any signs of being special. Everyone had at least had their first vision by six.” 
“I didn’t have my first one until ten.” I said the story starting to make sense. 
“He wanted to teach me how to use my abilities even if I didn’t have it but you wanted to raise me normal since you thought that’s what was going to happen.” I said matter-of-factly the dream was all making sense.
 “Yeah, how did you know that?” She said genuinely curious in my abilities. 
I looked over at her pensive expression, “I had a dream about it.” I said hoping she would see my anxiety about it. 
“You dream the past?” She asked that curiosity returning to her voice. 
“I dream the future too.” I said hoping to be as open as I could with her. 
“I guess I should get back to the story.” My mom added after a few moments of silence. I nodded in agreement.
“Well me and your father decided it was the best option for us to be apart. I took you to Miami and your dad stayed his distance to not intervene with your upbringing.”
 “Why do we move so often if dad always knew where I was?”
 “That isn’t the only issue we’ve been avoiding. You see psychics that entered the United States in the early 1900s had to register their abilities. The Lee family has been a registered Psychic family since immigrants were going through Ellis Island.” 
I swallowed, “What does that have to do with us?” I asked, actually afraid of what the answer might be.
 “A special eye is kept on those registered. I don’t know much about who is following them but it’s a division of the FBI. They have an eye on every one of you, even you.”
 “Is that why we move?” I said still not getting the answer I wanted.
 “Yes, sort of, when I think they are getting close to confronting you we move.” 
“So it has nothing to do with your relationships?” She shook her head.
 “No, usually I have to end most of my relationships to move quickly.”
 “All for me?” I said a little shell shocked from all the information I was receiving.
 She nodded, “You are the most important thing in the world to me, sweetheart. Your father and I had decided a long time ago that the only thing that mattered was protecting you. That is what is being done.” She said it not sounding like the mother I knew but more like a security guard. I couldn’t believe this. “I guess you should talk to your father to fill in all the blanks.” She handed me her cell phone, the number from the email matching the one on her phone screen. I didn’t know what to say. 
“I think I just need to absorb this.” I said standing. They were protecting me? 
“Talk to him, Annie.” She said still sitting on the sofa. 
“Thanks, I have his number.” I said holding up my phone.
 “We were just protecting you, sweetie, I hope you will understand.” 
“I understand, mom. I don’t blame you for anything. I just need to think.” She nodded in understanding. 
“Tell Ian I said hi.” She replied before I closed the door to my bedroom. How did she know? I opened my phone and called Ian, just like she knew I would. 
“Hello?” Ian’s smooth voice said as he came on the line. 
“Hi can…can you talk?” I stammered out miserably. 
“Anna? Are you okay?” He said his voice sounding worried. 
“It’s been a helleva day.” I said with a sad chuckle.
 “What happened?” his worry still not dissolving. 
“Ryan and I broke up…he’s gone…my dad told me to tell my mom--” 
“And?” He persisted. 
 “And I did.”
 “What did she say?” He said trying to be as supportive as he could possibly be.
 “She believed me and said it runs in the family. Everything she told me up until now was a lie.”  I heard his sharp intake of breath and then some shuffling.
“I’m on my way to see you, Anna. Can you hold on? Have you called your dad?” I silently nodded at his questions after the last nod I realized I should talk.
 “Okay,” I muttered. 
~~~
Ian was here in ten minutes I had walked into the living room and saw my mother making tea. “Is Ian coming over?” She asked when I first walked in. 
“Yeah, how did you know?”
 “I like him. You trust him.” I blinked back the surprise. “You’ve told him about your visions?” I nodded again, “He’s the first person you ever told?” I bobbed my head once more in agreement. This was too eery for words. Was she this perceptive or did she have psychic abilities she wasn’t telling me about? 
“Why?”
 “He’s special too.” She looked at me with amusement and inquisitiveness showing on her face. 
“How?” 
“He can see my visions, too.” I said hoping I could avoid the whole thing about touching. I wasn’t ready to bring that up yet. 
“Really?” my mom said interested, “How?” 
“If we are touching and I have a vision he will see it too. He’s very sensitive to it.” 
“Is that why you told him?” I nodded, “Okay. I’ve never heard of that before. You might want to tell your dad about that he knows more than me.” 
I heard the loud knock on the door, Ian was here. I opened the door, relief hitting me with the sound of his voice. “Anna?” He said as he walked into the room, “Are you okay?” He placed his hands on my shoulders, “Look at me, what happened?” I couldn’t separate myself from his mind melting touch. He realized that and let go of me. “Anna…” he said softly. “What happened?” 
“We broke up…”I started, “He heard me last night.” Ian stiffened.
“I’m going grocery shopping, sweetie.” My mom said as she walked towards the door, grabbing the car keys and walking out the front door. She was gone to give me a chance to tell Ian everything. He grabbed my hand and led me to the sofa. 
“He heard me yelling at you…he heard me say…I love you.” Ian exhaled deeply, he didn’t want to have this conversation again. 
He pulled me in for a hug, “I’m sorry, I should have just waited and told you after he left.”
 “No, I’m glad you told me early.” I said letting go of his embrace. He reluctantly let go of me and had an arm over me leaning on the sofa. “There’s good news.”
 He leaned back, “Anna, I still don’t think we should be together.” 
“No, that’s not what I was going to say. My vision yesterday isn’t going to come true.” 
He looked at me surprised. “Oh my god.” He said leaning back into the plush pillows of the couch. His shock changed to an exuberant smile. “We can change it!” He said the thrill seeping into his voice. 
“I told you. You’re not dying on my watch.” I said with a smile. He looked at me his dark eyes actually looking at me for a few blissful moments. 
 “God, Anna. This is great.” His smile disappeared, “But back to you.” 
“Ryan left a little while ago. We are going to try and be friends.” I wasn’t sure if I believed we were really over yet, but looking at Ian, it was sinking in.
“You broke up because of us?” He said not really pleased with that. 
“No, I told him I kissed you and he was mad but forgave me. Then he told me he slept with this girl I knew. I couldn’t forgive him for it.” He nodded in understanding. He seemed relieved by that and leaned back. 
“So what did your mom say?” He said getting to why he was really here. 
 “She believed me and told me I’m in a long line of psychics.” 
“Psychic?” he said mulling over the word in his mind. 
~~~
“I can’t believe it.” He said after I rattled off every detail my mother had just recently told me. “So what do these people want with you?” 
“I don’t know, my mom didn’t really know much about it either. She told me to ask my dad about it.” 
“Are you gonna call him?” He asked as he sat back on my bed. We had moved to my room when my mom came home, she didn’t really mind since I ‘was so trusting.’ I was swiveling in my computer chair going over my dad’s last few emails. 
“I think so.” I said not having had a chance to completely think about it yet.
 “I think you should, now.” Ian said rolling over to face my desk. His head was propped up on his arms at the foot of my bed, his legs dangling off the side of my bed. God, he was a sight. 
 “Why now?” I said trying to get myself to stop drooling over him and think about what was important.
“So I can talk you through it.” He said sitting up at the edge of my bed, closer to me. 
“You just want to hear everything.” 
 He smiled, “So you’d tell me anyways.” He was oddly and uncharacteristically happy. I didn’t know if it was a good thing or bad thing.
“What’s with you?” I said showing my suspicion. He looked at me, flabbergasted. 
“A lot is up with me…” he started as he stood up and stretched. “I might not die. I might actually know what is up with seeing your visions. It’s a good day.” I raised my  doubtful eyebrows towards him. “It’s the truth.” He said defending his answer. 
 “I didn’t say anything.” I said turning back to face my laptop. 
“Are you going to call?” He asked still sitting on my bed. 
“I guess I will.” I said picking up my phone and finally finding the number. It started ringing.
A deep male voice answered, “Hello?” He responded. 
“Hi, is this Steven Lee?” I asked hoping my voice didn’t sound nervous. Ian stood and moved over to stand on the other side of the phone. 
“Yes,” He started, “is this Anna?” 
“Yes.”
 “My god,” he said in a gasp, “How are you?” 
“Been better, I told mom everything and she told me a lot.”
 “She told you about our arrangement?” 
“Yes, and I don’t think you should keep this arrangement.” 
“Why not?” He said and I was almost positive I could hear a smile in his voice.
 “I have a problem.”
 His voice was stern, “What kind of problem?”
 “Someone is trying to kill my friend.” I said and gave a quick glance to Ian but his face was unmoving, showing no sign of emotion. 
“Did you have a vision of this?” 
“Actually, I’ve had two visions and a dream of this.” I heard him exhale sharply. 
“So Annie, you dream and have visions of the future and past?”
 “As of recently, yes.” I replied uncomfortable about the topic the conversation was turning to. “But that isn’t important what is important is how do I change the future?” I added. 
“Have you tried moving things with your mind yet?”
 “Beg your pardon?” I replied stunned by the question.
 “I’d take that as a no,” he said softly.
 “Why would you think I could do that?” I asked my voice noticeably shaken. “Whatever, can you help me or not?”
 “With what?”
 “With changing this vision. Haven’t you been listening?” I said in disbelief.
 “I’m sorry, honey, but I’ve been trying to book a flight to Philly since you called.” I didn’t know what to say to that. 
“You’re coming?” I asked incredulously. 
 “We have a lot work ahead of us, the sooner the better. Especially if we have to change your friend’s fate.” He was listening much to my relief.
“When will you be here?” I whispered. 
“Saturday Morning.” 
“Thanks, Dad.” I said, a smile actually crossing my face. 
“So tell me about this projection you’ve been able to do. Your mother didn’t have many details on the phone.”  
“Projection?” This was something I had not heard of.
“It’s where a psychic can push her visions onto another individual.” I looked at Ian in shock. 
“So what does it mean? Can I stop it? Can you do it?”
 “Well, Annie, you are a little more special than me so your talents are much broader than mine. I don’t really know what Projection is but it’s very rare. I’ve never known anyone able to do it. Is this boy, Psychic?” 
I looked at Ian again, “I don’t think I am,” He said sounding confused. 
“I don’t think so, dad, he’s not psychic. Can I stop it?”
 “I don’t know. I ‘d like you to tell me more about it though.”
 “Well it only happens when we are touching. If I see a vision and we are touching he will see it too.” 
“Is there a warning? An electric shock before the vision?” He asked, his voice taking on a more professional tone.
 “Yeah.” I said looking at Ian in disbelief. 
“What else has your mother told you?” I blinked trying not to cry the first time I talked to my dad. 
He was right, everything he had said in his letter was right. Our connection wasn’t a special love connection after all, it was just my ability projecting onto a sensitive person. I hung up the phone a few minutes later. “I’m sorry.” I whispered. I was trying with all might not to cry. I had lost everything tonight. Ryan was gone. My secret was gone. Now, Ian was gone. We would never have a chance, when there was no special connection between us. 
 Chapter 16: Regret
“Why are you sorry?” he asked sitting back down on my bed. 
“You were right. This isn’t special.” I said pointing between us. 
“What does it matter?” He asked, the softness of his voice telling me he was trying to calm me down. 
“It matters.” I said, my voice getting louder.
 “Anna, it doesn’t matter that that’s why we were drawn together. I’m here now and I’m not leaving.” He said that soft velvety tone still present. I wished I could believe his words. I knew what he said but he had specifically told me that he was here because of our touch.
He was kneeling beside my chair looking directly into my eyes. “But…it’s the--”
 “Annabanana, I’m not gonna listen to this the whole time. It doesn’t matter how it happened I’m here and you can’t get rid of me.” A mocking smile was on his face as I glared at him for calling me the nickname only my father called me. 
“Does that mean...?” I started my words sounding breathless. 
“Anna, I still just want to be friends.” I looked away from his too beautiful eyes, that read my soul and nodded in understanding. I was trying with all my might to not cry and I was failing miserably. How did I have anything left to cry for this boy? How did I have anything left to cry today? “Don’t cry.” He said standing back up and pulling me into a hug. I couldn’t even appreciate our electricity, I was too wrapped up in my pity party. “Anna, I don’t understand why you are so upset.”
 “You don’t understand.” I said through my tears. He just held me tighter as I tried to get away from him. 
“I want to understand,” he said using the full force of those hazel eyes on me. 
I sighed, “Everything between us is a lie. You don’t have to be here anymore. Ryan is gone. My mom knows everything. My dad is on his way here. When did my life get so messed up?” He looked at me for a few moments longer and then sat me on the bed beside him.
 “Anna, I talked to you because of what you saw about me, honestly at first I stayed because of this,” he said touching my arm. “But there is so much more to us than this. I like being with you, because I like you. I’m not here because of how this feels.” He said finally moving his fingers from my arm and giving me another friendly hug. “I don’t know what to do about everything else, but I’m here to help you through it, Annabanana.” He said forcing a smile out of me.
He smiled, and I felt my breath leave me as I looked at the sheer perfection that was Ian. “Thanks Ian, I think you just might be the best friend I’ve ever had.”
 He smiled, “I’m glad.” He whispered, “I think you should get some sleep, I need to be heading home.” He said standing up, I stood with him, going to walk him to the door. “Sleep well, Anna.” He said as he kissed the top of my head. 
“Goodnight.” I said as I opened the door for him. He gave me one last smile and left. 
“So?” My mom said from the kitchen. I sighed now I had to deal with her. Ugh! My emotions just needed some time to process everything that had happened today.
 “Nothing is happening we’re just friends.” 
She smiled, “I meant your father.”
 “Oh sorry.” I said feeling embarrassed. “I told him everything, my gifts, Ian, what you told me. He’ll be here Saturday morning.” She stiffened at that. 
“He decided he’s coming here?” She said not sounding like herself. 
“Yeah, are you okay with that?” I asked suddenly aware of her unease. My whole life I thought she hated him. I wasn’t sure how much was show and how much of it was real. Was she nervous?
“I guess I will have to be.” She said taking a sip from the cup in her hand. 
“Mom, if this is hard for you I can meet him somewhere else. I don’t want all the time you spent getting over him to be wasted.”
 She smiled, it was a sad smile, “It’s impossible to get over him.” She whispered. I blinked in disbelief. She still loved him? “I mean it’s not that bad, honey. I’ve had to stay in contact with him all these years. I don’t think of him as a husband any more, he’s more like an old friend.” I wasn’t sure if I was processing all this information right. It was very odd to picture. My mom didn’t hate my dad, she thought of him as an old friend. Was I in an alternate universe? Maybe it was time for bed. I looked over at the clock…eleven.  
“Mom, I think I should head to bed.” I said suppressing a yawn.
 “One more question.” She said. 
 “Yeah?”
 “What happened with Ian?” 
“Well he thinks it’s best if we are friends, he likes what we have. I may not agree with him, but I want him to stay around.” She nodded with a sympathetic understanding.
 “He’ll come around, he cares a lot.” My mom replied sagely. 
I looked at her, “Yeah, I’m sure he does.” I said as I rolled my eyes.
“Seriously, he does, he ran over here when he knew there was something wrong. He didn’t push you into anything more than friendship because he cares too much.”
 “Oh yeah he cares so much.” I said extending the words to show how much I was not believing her crap. 
“Honestly, he cares more than you are giving him credit for. He wants to be with you but he doesn’t want to be the rebound boy. That’s what you are making him. I know you think he is special so respect that he wants your relationship to be more than a fling.”   
I sighed, “I respect that he doesn’t want to be with me. I need to get over Ryan first.”
 My mom seemed to approve of that answer, “Good night, sweetheart.”
 “Night, mom.” 
I got to school the next morning to the most sympathetic Ian I’ve ever met. He was waiting at my locker. “What’s your angle?” I said suspiciously when I saw him. 
“No angle just checking up on you, Annabanana.” He said with a wry smile.
 “Don’t call me that.” I said as I sifted through my books. 
“Why? You didn’t say anything when I called you it before?” He said leaning back against the locker beside mine. 
“Ian.” 
“It makes you smile.” 
I looked at his perfectly shaped face, “Thanks for trying to cheer me up.” I said knowing why he was trying to be so nice now. “You really are being a great friend.” He looked at me for a moment but didn’t say a word in reply. 
I didn’t see Jamie until second period, and the girl was observant. “Where’s Ryan?” I looked at her, “You broke up?” She said in sheer astonishment. I nodded, “What happened? Did he leave?” 
“I’ll tell you at lunch.” I said not wanting to get into the whole story now. 
“You need some R&R.” was her only reply. 
“What did you have in mind? “I said actually liking the sound of that. 
“Me and Tessa are going shopping after school. Why don’t you come along?”
 I shook my head, “No I don’t want to intrude on your shopping fun. I’ll bring you guys down.” 
“No, Annie, I think it will be fun. You don’t want to sit at home wallowing when you could grab some Rita’s and shop.”
 “Rita’s?” I asked inquisitively. 
“Rita’s Water Ice?” She said incredulously and loud enough that Ian turned around. 
“You’ve never had water ice?” He said surprised. 
I shook my head, “What is wooder ice?”  I said, thinking I wasn’t even understanding what they were saying to me. 
“It’s like Ice cream but ice. Everyone knows about Rita’s.” Ian said in disbelief. 
“Do you mean Italian Ice?” I said, hoping I was understanding the question now. Ian and Jamie exchanged a glance, and nodded in unison. “Okay, I know what that is. Why do you call it wooder ice?” 
“That’s what it is,” Jamie started. “It’s sorta stupid since wooder and ice are the same thing but that’s what everyone calls it. 
“Wooder?” I asked still confused, Ian and Jamie exchanged another glance.
 “Yeah, you know the stuff that comes out of faucets?” Ian said another mocking smile coming over his face.
 “Water?” I said my confusion dissolving when I realized I was baffled by their slight Philly accent. “Sorry your accents threw me off I feel like an idiot.” 
Ian just sent me one of those exceptionally perfect smiles of his and turned. Jamie gave me an inquiring look after that but didn’t say anything. 
At lunch Ian actually joined us despite the fact that Ryan wasn’t here anymore. “So I’m waiting.” Jamie said between bites of her apple.
 “What?”
 “Don’t play dumb. What the hell happened with Ryan?” She said it so casually that Ian started coughing to cover his laughter. 
“Well it’s complicated Jamie.”
 “I’m a smart girl I think I can keep up.” 
I exhaled deeply, “Well we were honest with each other I told him about kissing Ian and he told me about sleeping with this girl from my old school.” I said it as detached as I could. I felt Ian’s leg touch mine but he quickly moved. I really could not read this boy. 
“So you both cheated on each other?” She said still trying to process what was going on. She looked at Ian for a moment, than her gaze focused on me.
 “He slept with that girl?” 
I nodded, “He forgave me but I couldn’t forgive him for that, I mean he went further with that girl in one night then we had in our whole relationship.” I said focused on Jamie, she nodded in understanding. We both ignored Ian choking on his drink. What did he think I was anyway? Like hell would I have slept with Ryan after a month, not like I slept with anyone.
“I think that was a smart choice, besides you guys are going to still be apart, it would happen again.” 
“That’s exactly what I said.” 
“So you coming out tonight?” Jamie asked reminding me I never replied if I wanted to go to the mall. 
“Yeah, I could use a girl’s night. If you and Tessa don’t mind?” 
“Oh no, she’ll love you!”
 “Drop your car off and I’ll pick you up at your place at four?”
 “Sounds good to me.” I said with a smile. After some more rambling and banter lunch was over. 
“So after yesterday you don’t need me anymore.” Ian said leaning in to talk to me in eighth period.  
“I never said that.” I said hurt by his accusations, but when I turned around to see him smiling I knew he was just jerking me around. 
“Have fun tonight, you deserve it.”
 “Will you be okay?” I said feeling guilty that I hadn’t had a chance to talk about how he was taking things. 
“I’m good, I’ve got good news.” 
I looked at him surprised, “So today you were actually in a good mood?” I said finally understanding his odd behavior. 
“Yeah, I talked to Marc last night.”
 “And?” I replied excitedly. 
“Dom was arrested yesterday, big charges he’s not getting out anytime soon.”
 “Oh my god. You’re safe!” I said totally stunned by the news.
 He smiled, “Yeah.” I wanted to hug him, that’s how excited I was but we were in class. 
“Why didn’t you tell me this morning?” He just shrugged in response, “You would have brightened my mood exponentially.”
 “I didn’t think you cared that much.” He said sounding more like himself, that hint of suspicion present in his voice. Class ended.
 “We need to celebrate!” I said as we walked out.
 “What do you have in mind?” 
I shrugged, “What do you like to do for fun?” He shrugged again, “Okay how about we go bowling tomorrow?” I said as I stopped at Ian’s locker with him. 
“Fine, sounds good.” He said shutting his locker. 
“You asking Jamie to come along?”
 “If you want me to…” I said looking up at his face.
“Just us.” He said, “Talk to you later.” He said as I reached my locker.
 “Bye,” I replied as he looked at me intently and then he quickly left. Must have brought his mother’s car, today.
Jamie had followed me home so we could leave afterwards. She had to pick up Tessa, too. I came out my apartment after changing and dropping some stuff off. I walked to Jamie’s motherly looking neon. I opened the door and had a vision. 
Two men in black suits were sitting in a car, sunglasses were covering their faces. “Look, she’s out. Follow her.” The engine started and they started following Jamie’s car.
I looked around confused to whether or not they were following Jamie or me. After moving about 180 degrees, I saw a discreet black Ford Crown Victoria with two people inside. I got into Jamie’s car trying to ignore how big of a coincidence this was. “You okay?” Jamie asked as I got into the car. 
“Yeah, fine. I’m just excited about this water ice thing. My mom told me that the best flavor is Swedish Fish.”
 Jamie laughed, “I’ve had that it’s good.” I nodded, and we were off to pick up Tessa. 
I had met Tessa once or twice, thanks to Jamie, she was nice enough. Jamie and Tessa had known each other since they were in the first grade, the best of friends. Tessa and Jamie, however had conflicting schedules at school and rarely saw each other. “So what are we going shopping for anyways?”
 Jamie glanced at me, “Nothing in particular this is sort of a ritual for me and Tess, so we get to hang out.” I nodded in understanding. I looked out the Passenger’s side mirror. The black car was gone. When we left it was following closely behind but then I saw it turn. I tried to shake off my suspicions. I was being paranoid, no one was following us. 
We stopped at Tessa’s house. “Hi,” said the sprightly red head as she got into the backseat of Jamie’s car. “Annie, I didn’t know you were coming. This is great. Jamie has told me so much about you lately and can I say you are certainly full of drama.” She continued happily. She spoke her mind and I could see why her and Jamie were so close. Tessa Fiori was the same age as us and went to school with us, she opted for some easier classes like study hall, art, and band unlike the classes Jamie and I were in. Her red hair was striking when I met her. She had freckles everywhere and can I tell you only Tessa could make it work. She had green eyes that were brighter and way better looking than my generic blue eyes. 
“Drama? What kind of drama has Jamie been telling you about?” I said shifting so I could have both of them in my sight. 
“Your Boston boyfriend, and that hunky Ian Molina. You know I didn’t even know who that was until Jamie pointed him out.” Tessa said chirping on and on repeating nearly every detail I had told Jamie. Ian was right the girl really couldn’t keep her mouth shut. I smiled weakly and looked at the mirror again. There was a black car behind us. When did that happen?
Shopping and Water Ice was an experience with Jamie and Tess. I didn’t know people could talk so much but they did. There was never a moment of silence, I was amazed. We walked the mall stopping at every shop that was remotely interesting, trying on anything we wanted. After three hours of shopping, we grabbed Rita’s and left. First things first, Water Ice in Philadelphia is an experience in and of itself. They have more flavors than I could possibly imagine and Swedish fish is definitely the best.
“Thanks, Jamie, I had a blast.” I said as she pulled up to my house. 
“Glad, I could make you forget about boys for a few hours.” I didn’t mention that Tessa had talked about Ryan and Ian nearly every second I was around so I just smiled.
 “Yeah, thanks.” I said as I got out of the car. 
Chapter 17: Dad?
“Bowling?” Ian said standing beside my locker at the end of the day.
 “Did you drive today?” I asked curious as to what the rest of the plan was.
 “No, I figured you’d drive.”
 I closed my locker, “Okay, then you wanna drop your stuff off at my place and then we can head out.”
 “Do we have to stop at your apartment?” 
“Yeah, I need socks.” I said looking down at the sandals on my feet. He shrugged and we walked to my car.
 “So tell me about this vision you had.” Ian said as I got into the car. 
“I touched Jamie’s car door and I saw two guys in a black car saying to follow her car, that’s it.” 
“Really?” He asked not fully believing me. 
“Well, I think it was just a coincidence,” he looked at me incredulously. “Okay or not, there was a black car that took off when we left and it was following us for a little bit. I saw it again after we picked up Tess but that was the last time I saw it.” 
“That’s weird.” Ian said turning around to look out the back window. “There’s no one behind us now.” I nodded as I took a quick glance through the rear view mirror. We pulled up to my apartment shortly after.
 “So have you heard anything else about Dom?” Ian’s face was still showing relief.
 “Yeah, they didn’t give him bail he’s a huge flight risk.” Ian said the words carefully.
 “I’m so freaking happy that we could keep you away from him.” I said excitedly. Everything was still going well for him. 
“Yeah, Anna, I owe you everything.” He said, his voice so soft I barely heard him. I had parked so I just looked at him in disbelief. 
“I didn’t do anything.” I said trying to brush off his thank you.
 “No, not only did you warn me but you protected me when you didn’t even need to.” He said as he opened the door and exited the car. I looked at him but saw something I was hoping wouldn’t be there. 
The black car. “Ian.” 
“Yeah?” 
“The car’s here.” He turned around quickly and saw it. 
“That has to be them. How long have they been following you?” Ian asked, but all I could do was shrug. I had no clue. I mean people had been following me for the past ten years and I didn’t even know. 
“Mom?” I said as I came into the apartment. It was kind of awkward because Jack was sitting on the couch apparently waiting for my mother to finish getting ready. 
He looked like he was about to say something until my mom shouted, “In my room, sweetie.” I looked over Jack, he was my mother’s type to a tee. Dark wavy short hair, brown eyes, tall, and still physically fit even though he was either in his late thirties or early forties. 
“Mom?” I said as I walked into her room, “There’s a black car following me.” I said as I closed her door. 
“Well I guess it’s a good thing he came early.” 
I looked at her confused, “What are you talking about?” 
“Your father is in the living room.”
 I fell onto her bed, “I thought that was Jack.” 
“Yeah, they sort of look alike and you haven’t really met Jack.” She said nonchalantly.
Ian’s eyes were wide in shock, when I walked back into the living room he knew. “Annie, do you know that this is….” 
“My dad?” I said actually afraid to look at him this time. He nodded. The dark haired man stood up.
 “Annabel.” Was all he said.
 “Dad?” I said my disbelief obvious. What was I supposed to think? 
Ian walked over to me, “Anna? You okay?” I nodded, not taking my eyes off this stranger standing before me. 
 “You…you’re really my dad?” I said my brain was just not accepting this fact. He started walking towards me but I just backed up into Ian. 
“It’s okay, Anna.” Ian whispered into my ear. I looked at him, he was so accepting of the situation. “Sit down, talk to him.” Ian said grabbing my hand and drawing me closer to him and the sofa. My father sat on the love seat while Ian and I sat on the full sized sofa. 
“You’re here early.” I started.
 “Your mom told me about the black car outside.” 
“She noticed?”
 “She’s been watching out for you for ten years. She tends to pick these things up quickly.” I nodded in understanding. 
“I had a vision about it and saw them yesterday.” 
“I’m assuming you are the friend.” My dad said extending his hand to Ian.
 “I’m Ian, sir.” 
“Call me Steve.” He said with a stern look that broke into a smile after they shook hands. 
“Thank you, um…Steve.” Ian said before he leaned back beside me. 
“So I think I want to know everything that’s going on. Is that the FBI following me?” 
My father nodded in response, “You’re right I should tell you everything.” 
“I guess this starts in Italy with your great great grandmother, Lucia Bianchi, she started our psychic line, or at least is the furthest we can trace back. Lucia was a renowned psychic who reportedly predicted the future, saw the past, and moved items with her mind.  Lucia and her husband, Alfred Lee, an Englishman who planned on expanding his company to the United States, moved to the U.S. around 1918.” I gulped this was going back far. “They went through Ellis Island, where back then the U.S. was very stringent with the immigrants they accepted into the country and were not very fond of Italian immigrants. On Government registration, Lucia provided her occupation as psychic. Nothing occurred about that until the early 60s, specifically, with my mother, Nora. After Lucia and Alfred moved to the U.S. they stayed in Virginia, where they had a daughter, Julia Lee. Lucia’s gift did not fully pass to Julia. Julia only had the skill to see visions of the future and had difficulty controlling these visions. Julia later married, Nathaniel Crawford and moved to California. She had a daughter named Nora Lee, keeping our last name to pass down our psychic legacy.”
 “That’s my grandmother.” I said realizing now the story was going to get complicated. 
“Well I was born in 1971. My mother had been a part of all the activism in the 60s. She was very public about her abilities, even though her abilities were about equal to Julia’s. The FBI began tracing her. She found someone watching her, at first she believed it was due to her public presence in equal rights but it wasn’t that at all. There is a secret sector of the FBI specifically designed to deal with paranormal occurrences. Nora’s flaunting of her ability put her on the radar. She was actually captured and held in a facility in Sacramento. They explained that they did not want to hurt her and were not capturing her but obtaining her skills. They wanted to train her…” 
“And make her a government weapon.” I said feeling like I was in an episode of the X files. 
“Sort of…she tried assist with cases that they were having difficulty with. She told them that she was not very skilled and could not control her visions. They held her for two years that included intense training but her abilities never progressed. So they let her go. They’ve been keeping an eye on us ever since. When I was born, they believed I was going to be special, since I was the first male to hopefully have psychic abilities. I’m not. I’m limited to what Nora and Julia can do. But when you were born, Nora had a vision that you would be the one to take after Lucia.” 
“So you think I’m going to be able to do everything she could do?” I scoffed. “That’s not possible.”
 “But it is, your skills have surpassed all of ours. Visions, Dreams, Projection. I’m waiting to see if the Telekinesis happens but that isn’t a necessity.” 
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. “No, you’ve got it all wrong. I can’t control this…I don’t even know how to stop it.” I said suddenly feeling my rising panic. I wanted to get away but I felt Ian’s presence.
 “Anna, relax.” Ian whispered into my ear as he laid a hand on top of mine. “This is going to work out.” I looked at him for a moment unable to gage his sincerity. 
“What does that mean for me?” I asked looking back over at my father. 
“We haven’t really thought about that. Me and your mother thought you didn’t have any abilities at all until a few days ago.” He said looking up as my mother entered the room. He stayed quiet as he watched her sit beside me and give me a soothing hug. 
“I think it would be best if they do not find out that you can do anything more than what I can. They’ve followed me my whole life with only summer trainings in Sacramento but after my mom assured them of my lack of ability they left me alone….only staying at a distance.” 
“So they are going to follow me my whole life?” I said my voice starting to rise with my anxiety. This couldn’t be true. How could anyone live being followed their whole entire life everywhere they went? It wasn’t fair. I didn’t want this to be my life.
“Can we make an agreement so they won’t have to follow me?” I asked my voice sounding distant and uncharacteristic to my own ears. My father shook his head, I saw the pain on his face. 
“You’re the one they are looking for.”
 “What?” I said feeling my temper start to rise. “Why?”
 “When they let Nora go, she assured them that one of her descendants would be gifted enough to help them.” My mouth must have been hanging open.
 “Why the hell would she do that?” I said and then heard my mom whisper to watch my language. 
“She didn’t know it would be her granddaughter she was sentencing to a lifetime employment to the FBI.”
 “But she said it would be one of her descendants, someone related to her.”
“This is a difficult situation and our best plan of action is to hide this from them. When you turn 18 they are going to want to test you and we want you to test the way I did. Making yourself seem as unextraordinary as possible.” 
“Do you think that’s even possible?” I said suddenly nervous, until I felt a soothing jolt. 
“It’s okay.” Ian said his hand still touching my back. That was some powerful projection if his light touch reverberated throughout my body.
I wanted to cry but everyone was looking at me and all I could do was remember to breathe and try not to cry. “I know this is a lot for you, Annabanana, but I think you might have to show me how this projection works. I’ve never seen it. I’m curious to see if it’s you or Ian.” I nodded. I turned to look at Ian, he had already moved his hand away from me. 
“What vision?” I asked. 
“Yesterdays?”
 I nodded, “How do we want to do this?” I said, uncomfortable with my parents watching.
 “Think about it first.” I nodded already knowing how this worked. I hugged Ian and the vision of the black car and the agents came to me just like yesterday. 
I let go of him, “Did you see it?” 
He nodded, “That’s the car from today too.” Ian remarked. 
“What did you see?” My father asked seeming eager as he moved forward in his seat closer to us. 
“It was the black FBI car outside there are two men in the car, they saw Annie get into Jamie’s car and they began following it.” 
“Is that it?” My father said looking over at me. 
“That’s it.” I said already aware at how well Ian saw my visions. 
“Well let’s see if it’s any psychic,” my dad said standing up. “Do you have to hug to see the vision?” My dad asked looking uncomfortable.
 “No, but it’s a guarantee for us. You can probably just shake hands, dad.”
 “What do I do?” He asked looked nervous and excited about trying this.
 “Think about a vision you had recently.” Ian prompted. I nodded in agreement, “then shake my hand.” I didn’t think it was going to work seeing that there was no jolt when they first shook hands, but I wanted to see if that wasn’t necessary. Ian and my father shook each other’s hands. They held it but I could tell nothing happened. “I didn’t see anything, Mr. Lee...uh I mean Steve.” Ian let go of my father’s hand. 
“Yeah, it doesn’t look like it worked.” He said sounding disappointed. 
“Sorry.” I said hoping I sounded sympathetic. 
“It must be you then sweetie, why don’t you try it on your mother see if you can project something on her.” I didn’t think it would work but I would indulge him, and to be honest I was curious myself. 
“Okay mom, hold out your hands.” I started. I closed my eyes and focused on the vision from yesterday again. I grabbed hold of her hands but nothing happened. 
“Nothing.” I said turning to face my father. 
“I think maybe you need to hug her.”
 “Dad, it doesn’t work that way.” I said as I stood up and walked to Ian. I thought of the same vision and grabbed his hand. 
“I saw it.” He whispered, his face looking tired. The visions were more of a mental jolt for him than me. 
“See?” I said turning to face my parents. 
“That’s amazing.” Steve said looking astonished at what I was doing. “How? What’s different?” my father added, his curiosity was getting the better of him. 
“Well when Ian and I touch there is this electric shock, whether I have a vision or not it always happens.” Ian shifted uncomfortably as my parents watched us. 
“So it’s only Ian this works for.”  My mother added in the haze of silence that had swept over all of us. 
“He’s the only person I’ve felt this with.” I replied feeling awkward and even more confused about what it meant. 
When it first happened I thought it was just my attraction for Ian. After talking to my dad I wasn’t so sure the fact that I loved Ian even factored into my gift and now I was unsure…again. I looked back and forth at both my parents. I didn’t know what to say next.  Ian moved placing a hand on my shoulder, “I think Annie has a lot of questions, she just needs to absorb this for a little.” My eyes were wide as I tried to blink back the tears that wanted to leak out. 
“Annie,” my father started after another long silence. “How about you grab some ice cream or something while your mother and I talk.”
 “You don’t want me to know what you’re planning?” I asked feeling insulted that they were still hiding stuff from me. 
“No, sweetheart. We just want to make up some arrangements with the FBI to leave you alone. It would be best if you weren’t here.” My mother walked over to me and tried to wrap me in her arms but I pulled away. 
“No, I think I should stay. You are hiding something.” I retorted angrily. 
“Sweetie, we aren’t.” My mom said, hurt showing on her face.
 “Anna, how about dinner at my house?” Ian said, drawing my attention to him. “Let them work everything out spend a day with my mom.” The boy knew my buttons, I shrugged knowing I was fighting a losing battle.  My mom smiled her appreciation at Ian. 
“Fine.” I grumbled.
Chapter 18: Nice to Meet you
We pulled up in front of Ian’s house. I was mad at him. He had played me, he knew exactly what to say so I would leave and he had used it. 
“Are you mad, still?” He said getting out of my mother’s car. I glared at him trying to show more anger than I really felt.
 “No, but I should be there.” I said not getting the disappointment out of my voice. 
 “Anna, it’s best if your aren’t. They’ve been taking care of you this long, let them do what they do best.” I nodded, after all he was right, and I was acting just a little childish.
“So why your house?” I asked actually curious why he finally gave in to bringing me home. 
He looked embarrassed, “I don’t think you would have listened if I didn’t say it.” He said, an embarrassed smile crossing his face. I had to smile at that. 
“You are so right.” I said as I walked up to the porch of the row home he lived in. Townhouses were fairly common in what I saw of Philadelphia. The porch was a luxury that was not present on every property. We walked through the small black gate to the front door. “Is she expecting us?” I asked suddenly regretting my decision to come here. Why did I really want to go here? Why would I want to visit his mother? Ian doesn’t even like me. 
“I texted her on the way she’s excited.” He said shifting quickly as he looked for his house keys. 
“Really or are you just trying to make me feel better?” He laughed. 
“You know I really don’t get you sometimes.” He said that sexy smile showing and making my legs wobbly. He pushed open the door and walked through the threshold. I followed closely, almost bumping into Ian as I tried to close the door behind me. 
“Mom?” Ian shouted as he walked further into the living room.” 
“Kitchen. Did you bring her?” She shouted back a hint of an accent that seemed too familiar was present in her voice. 
“Yes, ma, I told you I was.” He said, walking towards an open doorway passed the dining room. I was standing at the front door like a boob for several seconds before I realized maybe I should be following him. I walked into the kitchen to Ian and his mother. The resemblance was frightening. He was his mother’s twin. The same nose, chin, cheekbones, hair, skin tone, everything, the only difference was Ian was noticeably taller than his mother.
“You must be Anna,” she said the accent coming through in her voice again. She walked over to me. I thought she was going to hug me but she stopped and just stared at me. It was an uncomfortable moment. 
“Yeah,” I replied as she continued to stare at me. 
“Mom,” Ian said as she continued to stare. 
“I’m sorry I just don’t get it.” She said as she turned and looked at Ian. 
“What don’t you get, mom?” he asked, as he leaned on the counter giving her a stern look. He crossed his arms waiting for her to say something. God, he was hot when he was angry and not mad at me. I pulled my eyes away from his arms and tried to focus on what they were discussing. 
“You have a lovely home, Mrs. Molina.” I said hoping to change the topic. 
“Thank you, sweetheart.” She said turning to face me and smile and then she spun back around to see Ian. “Anna, you are gorgeous. Has anyone ever told you that?” She said smiling at Ian as she said it. This was getting uncomfortable. I shifted slightly feeling Ian’s gaze flicker to me and back to his mother. 
“Um thank you, Mrs. Molina.”  I said feeling both of their gazes land on me. 
“Don’t call me that. Call me Angela.” She said smiling at me. 
“Okay, Angela.” I said feeling uncomfortable but smiling despite it. 
“So tell me about yourself, Anna.” I smiled at Ian after his mother turned around to stir whatever she was cooking on the stove. 
“What’s for dinner, mom?” Ian asked moving over to see what was in the pot. 
His mother smacked his hand away from the closed pot. “Hey!” He said as he pulled away. 
“You know better.” Angela said as she put the wooden spoon down in a little holder. “So Anna are you going to stay for dinner?” She said, a mischievous smile lit up her face. 
“If you don’t mind, Mrs…. Angela.” I stammered.
 “Great!” she said with a loud clap and then I knew exactly where her accent was from.
“Angela.” 
“Yes, sweetie?” 
“Are you from New York?” I asked shyly hoping I was right after all I hadn’t been to New York in two years maybe I wasn’t able to distinguish accents anymore. 
“Yeah,” she said with a smile, “I was raised in Brooklyn. How did you know?” Her smile was still present.
“I lived in Brooklyn for a year.” I said shyly afraid that she would start asking me about stuff in New York, because frankly, I knew very little about New York. I lived there. I took cabs to Manhattan to shop with my mom. I walked to school and home, and that was my New York experience. 
She seemed disappointed by that. “Oh, well have you lived in many places?” She then asked. I noticed Ian as he shifted uncomfortably. 
“Mom, why don’t we talk about this over dinner, I--” he stopped as he heard the door. “I’ll get it.” He said as he walked past his mother and grabbed my elbow to follow him. Was I missing something?
Ian stopped at the door because a mass of a man had opened it and let himself in. I felt my eyes widen as I tried to absorb the sheer girth of this guy. “Marc! What are you doing here?” Ian asked as he went to give the behemoth a brotherly hug. That was Marc. Geez, no wonder everyone was afraid of him. I looked him over from his dress shoes to his loose fitting jeans and collared striped button down shirt. He had to be at least six five, and well over two hundred fifty pounds. He was monstrous. I looked at his closely shaved face and his dark eyes that dropped to look at me. Oh god, I didn’t want this guy looking at me, and knowing what I looked like. He was dangerous. He was the leader of everything that was wrong in Ian’s life. He was scary and more dangerous than I was accustomed to, and no good was going to come from this interaction. I swallowed trying to get rid of the growing lump in my throat. 
“Hi, I’m Annie.” I said faking a smile as I put my hand out for Marcus to shake.  He actually grabbed it with a firm shake. 
“You are absolutely beautiful. Where has Ian been hiding you?” Marc said as he finally let go of my hand.  “I’m Marc.” He said a smile crossing over his face. I stepped back even with a smile on his face my brain was screaming to run away. Like I was rooted in place, I just stood there not registering what I was supposed to be doing. Ian must have noticed the conflict crossing my face because he stepped in. 
“I just met Anna, she just started school with me. We’ve been working on an English project together.” Ian stated drawing Marc’s attention from me. Marc looked at Ian, “That’s it?” He seemed surprised. He put his arm over Ian’s shoulder and started saying something into his ear that I couldn’t quite make out.  Ian shrugged and chuckled quietly as he listened to Marc. 
“Dinner is ready.” Angela announced a few moments later. She walked in with a pile of plates and trays of food. Ian and Marc followed her back into the kitchen to grab the rest. They collectively told me to sit at the dining room table and not move. I felt useless. 
As I waited thoughts of what Marc was doing here raced through my mind. Was there a problem with Dom? Did Angela invite him? Why were they being so disgustingly nice? Did my mom act that way? I was seriously missing something.
After finishing with everything in the kitchen the three of them sat down. Ian sat beside me probably just to ease my anxiety.  His mother started dishing out chicken and rice, I’d never seen in that shade of yellow before. I wasn’t about to be rude so I gladly accepted everything she placed on my plate. We ate and it started out quiet. No one dared say anything. Angela eventually broke the silence and we talked about my moving, New York, and how I was adjusting to Philly life. Marc just watched me. He sat across from me and I felt his gaze fall on me several times. His stare was intense and purposeful. My comfort level was diminishing as time progressed. 
The table fell into another awkward silence. “So Annie, how long have you been in town exactly?” 
I looked at Ian nervously, “ About a month now.” I said glancing back at Marc. 
He nodded, “I hope Ian has been giving you the tour.” He remarked.
“Well school has kept us really busy, we haven’t done much but visit the Poe house.” I replied trying to keep the conversation going.
“The Poe house?” Marc said with a chuckle, “Why would you ever take her there, Ian?” 
“It was for a school trip.” Ian said sourly. His expression looked guarded but I just couldn’t put my finger on why. Dinner started to wrap up and I noticed Marc and Ian begin to shift. Ian stood first and started collecting the empty dishes. Marc stood also and began doing the same task. Ian didn’t say anything, he just left to the kitchen with his cousin in toe. 
“So,” Angela said trying to draw my attention away from the cousins entering the kitchen.
“What are they doing in there?” I asked not fully taking my eyes off of the kitchen door. 
“Being boys.” Angela replied with a shrug. “So Anna, you and Ian aren’t…” she paused and took a long breath, “dating?” she sounded like she didn’t believe it. 
“Um no, we are just friends. Ian and I just don’t seem to work that way.” I said a bit regretful I was admitting this to his mother and not conversing over this with Ian, himself.
“Does that mean you tried the whole relationship thing?” She said with a wry smile. I shifted uncomfortably in the upholstered chair. I didn’t want to be having this conversation with Ian’s mother when I haven’t even had it with Ian. 
“No not really, at first we thought there was something but we realized we work better as friends.” 
She nodded in understanding and that made me all the more depressed. I was in love with her son and he was adamant at staying just the way we were. Just than muffled voices poured out from the kitchen. They were arguing. I couldn’t hear what they were fighting about but it looked like Angela knew what was going on and was not happy. A few moments later Marc stormed out of the kitchen quickly hugged Angela and slammed the front door closed behind him. 
Angela and I stared at the front door for several seconds to see whether Marc had changed his mind but he didn’t. So we averted our attention back to the kitchen doorway. Ian was still in the kitchen. I hoped he’d come out soon and tell us what happened. After several minutes of waiting for Ian to come out, he still hadn’t. All we heard were things being banged around. I stood up and started heading to the kitchen when Angela stopped me. “He just needs some time; leave him be.” She said patting my hand. I couldn’t do that. I’d never just left Ian alone, that was probably why he was always annoyed with me but I didn’t care. 
“No, Angela, I think he needs to talk.” And with that said I gracefully pulled my hand from hers and walked into the kitchen. Ian was banging around pots and pans in the sink as he tried to wash dishes in his rage. He was not doing a very good job. 
“What do you want?” He said his frustrations automatically redirecting at me. 
I was taken aback by the venom in his voice. “I just wanted to make sure you were okay, after what happened with Marc.” I said ignoring my fear and stepping closer to me. He banged a few more dishes around before he wiped his hands and turned to face me, crossing his arms across his perfectly muscled chest. He looked at me his eyes hard with all the frustration he’d been feeling they looked darker than usual, almost black. 
“I really don’t want to talk about this, Anna.” He said letting out a soft breathe before he said my name. I stepped closer, the glacier around him was melting. 
“Ian, I know you’re stressed. You can talk to me.” I said still moving closer until I finally rested a hand on his shoulder. He didn’t shirk it off like I was expecting him to. “What happened?” I whispered softly so he only heard me. 
He looked calmed, maybe it was our touch, or maybe it was me trying to show him how much I cared but he seemed better. “It’s Marc.” He said simply.
“I’d gathered that. What about Marc?” I said sounding a bit snide but hoping I regained my sympathy. 
“Since Dom is in jail, he wants me to come back as his right hand man. He says there’s no one else he could trust as much as me.” Ian said his composure faltering for a moment but he quickly regained it. “Annie, I don’t know what to do.” He said leaning his head on my shoulder. A gesture that surprised the hell out of me.  
“Do you want to go back?” I said afraid of the answer. I moved my hands and put them on his back it felt like an odd hug. 
He lifted his head and looked at me with complete sincerity. “God, no, I never want to go back.” 
“Then say no.” I said simply as I let go of him so he could step back into his comfort zone. He shook his head in disagreement. 
“It’s not that simple. I say no something bad is going to happen.” 
“He will hurt you?” I asked. “But he’s your cousin, you’re family.” I said in shock. 
“Marc didn’t get to be on top because he’s got a heart of gold.” Ian said the hostility making itself known in his tone. 
“What about Angela? He loves her he wouldn’t do anything to upset her.” I said trying to find some flaw in Ian’s assumptions. 
“He’s not going to attack me, Anna.” He stopped and looked at me hoping I would figure it out but I wasn’t. What would he do to hurt Ian but not actually physically hurt him? That’s when it clicked. 
“This was a mistake.” I said in shock, “He wouldn’t…we aren’t even.” Ian laid a hand on my back to try and soothe me. I pulled away, I couldn’t comprehend this. “I didn’t do anything wrong.” I said surprised at my own utter fear of Marc. 
“I won’t let him hurt you.” Ian said as he pulled me towards him despite my fighting.   He held my wrist firmly as he looked into my eyes. “Annie, nothing is going to happen to you I promise.” I laughed, it sounded like what I said to him after I told him about my vision. I told him I was going to protect him no matter what and here he was doing the exact same thing for me. 
“You are starting to sound like me.” I said forcing a smile on my face. He smiled, his hazel eyes seemed to get brighter with that one gesture and I found myself once again mesmerized by the myriad of colors in his eyes. 
“It’s true, after what you’ve done for me. If I have to go back, I will to protect you no matter what.” 
I shook my head, “You are not going back there.” I said regaining some of my composure.
“That’s the only way I can keep you safe.” He said turning his gaze away from me. I raised a hand to his cheek and forced his gaze on me. 
“Then we are going to have to be a little more creative.” I said with a reassuring smile.  He didn’t look satisfied by that answer. 
“There is no other way.” He said it firmly. 
Chapter 19: Plans
“There is always another way.” I said challenging him. “We’ve been through hell and back already, we’ll make this work out.” I said still not giving up on the electricity running through my arm from my hand touching his cheek. He looked at me, his anger returning. 
“Not with this.” He said trying to soften his expression so he wouldn’t further upset me. He was trying to calm me down. “Annie, I’m sorry I brought you here.” He said, this while putting a hand over mine. He pulled it down from his cheek and held it, “I will make this up to you.” I looked down at our intertwined fingers. This was starting to confuse me. Ian made it perfectly clear he didn’t care about me as more than a friend but what was this? I was less confused reading Shakespeare then I was figuring out how Ian felt. 
“Ian,” I said not really sure what he was trying to do. 
“Don’t Annie.” He said as he stepped closer to me. I felt his breath on my cheek. Was he going to kiss me again? I swallowed trying to find words but failing miserably. He let go of my hand and his fingertips brushed across my cheek. That felt so nice. He was looking at me intently. 
“This is so confusing.” I whispered, afraid he’d move his hand from my face. 
“Why?” He asked, his voice completely different then it was a few moments ago. 
“You…Ian. I want to be with you but every time you tell me it won’t work and that we should be friends. Yet, you do stuff like this.” I said gesturing with one hand between us. “All I want is for you to kiss me, but…” I sighed. I didn’t know how to finish that thought. His hands dropped to his side. “What do you want, Ian? Honestly, I have no clue. I can’t figure you out.” 
His hands still remained at his side. “I don’t know.” He said, “When I met you, you freaked me out. When I got to know you I was into you. When we kissed I thought nothing could be better. I thought we would be perfect together. Then Ryan came, and you talked to your dad. I didn’t feel like we were so unique anymore. I’ve never not wanted to be with you, Anna, I just don’t think you see anything other than how it feels.” He said as he touched my hand. He wasn’t looking at me, he was looking at our hands. 
“Are you serious?” I said in disbelief. “Ian, before I met you I knew I had to know you. When we touched I thought it made us perfect for each other, but it’s not why I want to be with you.” I said stepping within a few inches of him. I put my hands to cup his face, I wanted him to look at me. “I know I told you to forget what I said after I read your letter but I meant it.” He was looking at me, his expression unreadable but I couldn’t hold back anymore so I leaned in and placed my lips to his. He didn’t pull away but his arms wrapped around my waist and he deepened the kiss. This was perfect. The electricity of being held by Ian was soaring through my veins. His hands moved up and down my back he pulled me even closer to him. Did he want me as much as I wanted him? It sure felt that way. His lips left mine only for a moment before he leaned in and kissed me again. I barely had a chance to catch my breath or regain some composure so my head wasn’t spinning. I didn’t really need to think if Ian planned on kissing me some more so I gave in. I kissed him more fervently than I was before. Perfection.
He pulled away. “I think you might want to leave.” He said as he still held me close to him. 
“Why?” I said looking at him, “This is what we want.” Ian looked at me for a second. 
He seemed to shake from the haze that kissing me had put him under. “Anna, you are still in trouble and the longer you are here the more dangerous it is for you.” He moved back but only slightly. Why was he stepping away when all I wanted was for him to kiss me again. “You’re leaving. I’ll follow you in my mom’s car to make sure no one is following…you know besides the FBI.” He said with a small smile. 
“That’s not funny.”  I said annoyed that he had stopped kissing me to make jokes about the ensuing chaos. “I guess we should go then?” I said irritated he wasn’t going to give back into what I really wanted. He grabbed my hand before we left the kitchen and went into the dining room that his mother was still sitting in.
 “Mom, I’m gonna follow Anna home in the car I forgot my school bag.” She said something I didn’t understand and assumed it was Spanish. I was taking Spanish for the last two years and I still couldn’t understand a word of it besides. What’s your name? and May I go to the bathroom? Got to love that higher education. “I’ll be back in a few.” He said as he wrapped an arm over my shoulder. Angela smiled and waved us off. Was that his way of making us official? We walked out the front door without another word.
“What was that?” I said with a teasing smile as he moved his arm from my shoulders. 
“I thought my mom should know just how I feel about you.” I smiled.
“So what should I know?” I asked curious to his answer. He didn’t say anything he just kissed me again softly, a little too quickly. I liked that answer. “I think I understood that, but I might be dense maybe you should try again.” He smiled but didn’t say anything as he opened my car door and slid me in as he closed the door behind me. 
I couldn’t do anything but grin like a fool. Was my life starting working out? Besides the death threat, my dad was in town, getting the FBI off my back and Ian. Oh my God, Ian was finally in to take a chance on us. Sure, Marc was trying to hurt me, but Ian and I would figure it out. I was going to be happy this was all going to work out I knew it. I started driving off Ian followed close behind me. 
I pulled into my usual parking space outside of the apartment. Ian pulled in right beside me. I noticed the black car again when I got out of the car. Only it was different this time, it was empty. “Ian…their car is empty.” I said as he caught up with me. He grabbed hold of my hand and we started walking towards my apartment. 
“Do you think they are still talking to your parents?” I shrugged I wasn’t exactly sure. 
“Maybe I’m not going to wait for them to finish.” I said as I started towards the door of my apartment with newfound purpose. 
“Anna, wait. They didn’t want you there for this. There’s a reason.” Ian was saying when my front door swung open. A man and a woman wearing dark, drab suits stopped when they saw us. 
“I guess she’s back.” The women with the unflattering suit said as she stepped back into the apartment. The man in his better fitting suit followed her inside. Me and Ian looked at each other and then walked into my home. My parents were sitting on the sofa beside each other their faces stern. 
“I thought you were staying out late sweetie.” My mom said with a false smile. 
“We finished early. Am I interrupting something?” I said trying to play dumb since my mom wasn’t giving away the fact that they sent me away.
“Listen, Annabel,” the woman said irritably. She looked tired of the pleasantries that we were apparently making. “We’re from the FBI, we are here to talk about your gifts.” She said as her partner closed the door behind us. 
“Gifts?” I said nervous.
 “Don’t play coy Miss Lee. We know all about your family.” I gulped and moved back until I bumped into Ian. He rubbed my shoulders and whispered it was okay into my ear. He put one of his hands around my waist and pushed me forward, still staying close to me. “I have a gift too, Miss Lee and so does my partner. We are very skilled in determining whether you are gifted or not.” She stepped forward.
“Whitman.” The partner said from behind her, “You are freaking the hell out of her.” I looked at him quickly, but tried to keep my eyes on Whitman, she was scary. “Miss Lee, my partner and I are gifted and have been specially trained by the FBI to hone our skills and be the best we can be. We would like to assist in making you achieve your full potential and be the best psychic you can be.” He was courteous and polite unlike his partner. “Now, Whitman here is going to touch you to assess your skills.” He said as he sat back onto the sofa. 
I nodded afraid of what that meant. Ian let go of me. As the woman known as Whitman came towards me, I noticed her extraordinarily high cheek bones extenuated by her unappealingly dark hair pulled tightly into a bun. She took her job way too seriously. The guy didn’t look that bad maybe even relaxed compared to her. She put her hand on my shoulder and it all shifted. I felt like she was sucking the life out of me. My vision was blurry. Everything was spinning. I felt my knees buckle under the strain but she caught me. She was used to this. She threw me to Ian and walked back over to her partner and my parents. Her eyes were glowing an eerie shade of dark red. It was almost as frightening as what she did to me. Ian lifted me into his arms and carried me to sit on the sofa beside my mother. Who was silent but had tears sliding down her face. My father was stoic, he didn’t like this. What had she done to me?
 “That was not necessary. You said you were only going to talk to her.” 
The man looked at my father, annoyed. He was actually attractive. Although I had met my fair share of giants today. This one seemed less threatening then Marc. Compared to his partner’s frightening features he almost seemed friendly. “I lied, so did you.” That threw my father back. 
“You’re the human lie detector?” My dad said his voice filled with incredulity. The man nodded with a devilish smile.
“You’ve been lying the whole time, what do you expect.” He answered coolly.
 I sat up then regaining some strength in my limbs. There were human lie detectors and women with glowing eyes. 
“You are both psychics?” I asked in disbelief. 
“Yup Annabel, now tell us what you can do, without the lies.” Whitman said with a smile, that I could have lived without ever seeing. 
“I…” I started looking at Ian and my parents. “I see the future.” I said looking over at the man. He nodded, nonverbally stating I was telling the truth.
“Can you control what you see?” Whitman continued. 
 “No, my visions come to me whenever they want.” I said looking back at the other agent. He nodded again. 
“Can you do anything else?” She asked trying to move this along.
“I can see the past.” I said trying to leave Ian out of this. I looked at the male agent again who nodded with approval. 
“I like her she’s only lied once.” The man said showing me his perfect and even teeth. Whitman was looking at Ian oddly. 
“I feel connected to him.” She said not taking her eyes off Ian. I gulped. It was a nervous habit that I needed to overcome. “Do you feel attached to him?” She said looking at me. 
“Yes, he’s my friend.” I said defensively. 
“Obviously, now tell me why I feel this way.” She replied rudely. 
My dad looked at her, “You stole her gifts!” He said accusingly. 
“She stole my gift?” I said confused, “That was what you did to me?” 
“Relax, it’s all temporary. You still have them, they are just weakened. You might not have a vision for a bit but the effects are only with me for an hour or so.” She couldn’t keep herself from going near Ian. “I don’t get it.” She said as she looked at him. “Does he give you more power?” She asked not really wrapping her head around her attraction. It was nice to know that it wasn’t just me that was attracted to Ian but my gifts too. Was that weird? 
“No, he’s just a friend.” I said afraid to give anything away. 
“She’s lying.” Damn I forgot about that. 
“Okay, Mom I was going to tell you this later when we were alone, we are going to try dating.” I said awkwardly, feeling my face redden as the agents continued to scrutinize me. The male agent nodded, it was the truth.  “How do I know when my powers come back?” I asked turning to face Whitman again. 
“You’ll know.” She looked at her partner and Ian again. “Steven, I think we should renegotiate our terms.” My father stiffened at that. 
“What would you like to change?” He said his voice hiding his panic well. 
“We will stop watching Annabel, if you agree to one condition.” She said completely focused on my father. 
“Why the sudden change of heart?” My father asked obviously suspicious of the prospective conditions. 
“Annabel has obviously not reached her full potential, I feel her powers are growing. So we will stop watching her for now. She will agree to spend the summer in Sacramento at one of our facilities to train her to her full capacity. If her powers advance she stays, if not she comes back and we will leave her alone for good.” Stay with the FBI for good. What the hell? 
“Dad?” I said confused. He wouldn’t let them take me away would he?” 
“Sacramento is too far her home is in Philadelphia.” 
“We don’t have a program set up in Philly.” Whitman’s partner said. 
“What about Pittsburg, Bolis?” Whitman said to her partner. He thought about it for a moment and nodded. “Fine, how does Pittsburg sound?” 
“I’d prefer if she stayed in the city.” My father continued. 
“My final offer is Pittsburg take it or leave it.” She said the finality definite in her voice. 
“She’s not even eighteen.” My father said sounding overwhelmed. 
“It’s only for a summer.” 
“Unless she grows into her powers.” He said knowing they would try to play around that minor detail. 
“How about you take her the summer after she graduates high school.” 
“It will be too late by then.” Bolis added, showing he too was tired of the negotiations.
“Too late for what?” I asked afraid I knew the answer. 
“If your powers advance this summer we will be able to hone your skills. If we wait you may develop sloppy habits and not reach your full potential.” Bolis added when Whitman remained silent. 
“What if I do the summer and even if my powers improve I come home and spend every summer with you until I graduate?” The agents looked at each other for a long moment they were debating this I could tell. 
“It would be easier for you to go to Sacramento and we give you a tutor.” 
“I don’t care if it’s easier for you. I want a normal life. Take it or leave it.” I said trying to sound like Whitman and have that stern finality to my voice. I saw a quick smile run across Bolis’ face but it quickly disappeared. 
“If we agree to that we take you to Sacramento.” Whitman added. 
“Pittsburg until I graduate and then I will gladly go to Sacramento.” I said smugly. Ian and my family were in wide eyed shock as I went back and forth with the FBI officials. 
“Deal.” Bolis said first. 
“And you guys are going to stop watching me starting now.” I added and they both nodded in agreement. “We pick you up the first Monday after you finish school.” Bolis said as he stood. He walked to me and shook my hand. 
“Nice meeting you, Miss Lee, it was certainly an interesting meeting. See you in a few months.” He said with a small smile. 
Whitman stood as well, “Nice meeting you, we will be in contact, with any arrangements.” Whitman said as she nodded at everyone and started walking to the door before Bolis. He was still shaking everyone’s hands. I guess she was the antisocial one. She shifted uncomfortably at the door as she waited for her partner, and for a split second she seemed normal. Her hard façade, she created from working in a man’s world cracked slightly. They left, and my father exploded.
Chapter 20: Repercussions
“Annie, what the hell was that? You just signed your whole life over to them!” I shrugged, I had no choice. My father looked at me simmering. Was it stupid to agree to the deal? No, they had us between a rock and a hard place. I stopped the mistrusting arguments and got to the point. I wanted most of my freedom and I had gotten it.
“There was no other way. This way at least I get to go to school here.” I said sending a smile at Ian, who’s expression was dark with anger he wouldn’t act on until we were alone. He was going to yell at me worse than my father was about to. Oh brother, this was getting better and better.
“Dad, it’s my life, this was my choice and I made it.” I said frustrated as I stood and walked to the kitchen. My mother was silent she looked like she was on the verge of tears again. She took a deep soothing breath trying to get her emotions under control. I needed to be in Philadelphia, because that’s where she was. I loved my mom and I didn’t want to be away too long. We had never been separated before.
“What if you’re powers do progress?” He said quite loudly I might add. 
“Dad, I will do what I did today, tell half truths. Whether they progress or not I will make sure they don’t know.” I said hoping to calm the three sets of eyes staring at me. “I will stay to myself not talk to anyone and when Agent Bolis or people like him are around I will make sure my words are careful. I’m a big girl, I’ve hid this secret for six years I think I can hide some half truths from people that don’t even know me.” They didn’t seem convinced but they all collectively dropped the subject. “They are off my back. This is good news.” I ended with. 
“Are you guys hungry?” My mom asked quietly. 
“No, ate at Ian’s.” I said calmly.
“Steven, would you like to grab something to eat with me?” She asked and I knew exactly what they were doing. They wanted to talk about this alone, weigh the pros and cons, attempt to amend my rash decisions. I didn’t regret it. It was the only option. I was disappointed that they didn’t see that it was over. For now, there was one less weight on our shoulder.
I didn’t say anything as they grabbed their jackets and left. Ian was quietly simmering waiting for his chance to talk. “That was really stupid, Anna.”  He started collecting steam.
“Et tu Brute?” I said as I sat back on the couch to calmly hear his side of why I was so wrong. 
“They are going to figure it out.” He said his voice strained with worry. 
“If that happens we will figure it out but I feel I can hide this from them.” I said snuggling up to him. I didn’t want to argue with him. I had just planned my whole summer away from him the least he could do was tell me he’d wait for me and be romantic. I know it sounds childish and nothing like Ian, but a girl can hope. 
“Anna,” he said pulling away from me. I pouted a little. “This is your life. You don’t get a second chance so stop playing around with it.” He was looking at me the full force of those eyes resting on me. The green and gold swirls spiraled in his Irises, mesmerizing. I felt like I could never look away, and I didn’t want to.  “God, why is everything so difficult?” He said sounding more frustrated. I looked at him confused. 
“What is so difficult? We are together. That’s all that matters.” I said trying to pull him towards me, he was starting to scare me now. Ian just kept on looking at me.
“I don’t think it is a good time for us. I’m not saying we cannot be friends I just think that a relationship is not what you need right now.” He was backing out already? How long had it been? A few minutes an hour tops, and he was ending it. What did I do? Already? His fingers brushed my cheek. I was drawn to him, he had to know how special he was after what happened with Agent Whitman. 
“Why? Ian, I’m crazy about you every part of me is. Didn’t you see how that agent reacted to you when she had my powers?” 
“Anna, I know and I’m not saying we are never going to be together but I think with Marc after you and now that you don’t have protection and are leaving. This is going to be trouble. We should wait.” He said sounding over rational, like it was the most logical thing to be saying. 
I scoffed, “Are you crazy?” I said a little too loudly as I stood up to completely look at him. He didn’t seem hurt or happy. He was just being his overly rational self and I hated it. He over thought nearly every move he made and it was going to drive me crazy. I felt all the emotion drain out of me when he turned his gaze on me. I felt like he was pitying me. I couldn’t even fight the tears welling in my eyes. It wasn’t fair that I had cried so much over him and he was just unruffled about everything that involved our relationship. “Why do you do this to me?” I said letting the tears fall unashamed. He stood and wrapped me in his arms. 
“Anna.” He whispered softly into my ear as he firmly kept his arms around no matter how much I fought him off. 
“Get off!” I said mid sob but he didn’t let go of me. He knew I was hurting and he knew he was helping.
“No, I think you need to listen to what I’m saying without overreacting.” I stopped fighting and he pulled me down to sit beside him, rather closely to my dismay. How was he going to break up with me and then sit so close? I really think he is trying to make my head explode.
 “I care about you too. More than you may think right now, but Anna, this is no time for you to be in a relationship. I’ve been holding off because you just broke up with Ryan and yeah that didn’t last long. I want to be with you but this is hard. This summer will be hard for us. I think you will appreciate being single when you are in Pittsburg, when you are with people just like you.” 
“Ian, I would never cheat on you if that’s what you’re saying.” I said looking at him, the tears had stopped. 
“No, I don’t think that I just think we should stay friends.” He was so frustrating. 
“Do you just want to torture me? I’m really tired of this roller coaster ride you have me on. What is your deal?” I said a little too rudely after all he was the guy I thought I loved. I’d overlook the fact that he didn’t love me back but only “cared” about me. 
“Anna,” he said it almost like a sigh. “I don’t mean to torture you. I just don’t want to get hurt.” 
“So you hurt me before I hurt you?” I said irritated. He was acting like a baby.
“Ian, when you like someone there is always a risk. You trust them to not break your heart when they so easily can.” I said and he looked at me oddly for a moment. 
“That was probably the most mature thing I’ve ever heard come out of your mouth.” I playfully shoved him. “You’re right.” He said as he grabbed my hand. “I’m being a coward.” 
I looked at him suspiciously; he was toying with me again. “So what does that mean?” I said after a few moments of silence.
“It means I should trust you and if you think we could make this work, I’m willing to believe you.” He said a sly smile on his face. I couldn’t contain myself. He was trusting me. I pulled him in for a kiss and he laughed until I placed my lips to his. His arms wrapped around me and pulled me to his lap. He stopped abruptly. “I think kissing you is the most calming experience I’ve ever had. Everything is right when we are like this.” He said, that delicious smile appearing back on his face. 
“I think that you should never stop smiling.” I added happily as I traced a finger down his jawline. “It makes me feel like everything is going to be okay.” I said laying my head on his shoulder.  He stopped smiling then.
“Everything will be okay, Annnabanana.” He said brushing hair out of my face as he kissed my forehead.  Ian left shortly before my parents came back. They walked in with somber expressions. They had argued most of dinner I felt it in their eerie silence. 
“Annabanana, I’m going to be staying down the street at the Marriott if you need me.” He said as he walked over and kissed my forehead and said goodnight. He left shortly after saying a few hush things to my mother. 
“So,” I said when it was only my mom and me. 
“So.” 
“How was dinner?” 
“I am very disappointed in you, Annabel.” She started. I forced myself not to roll my eyes. She was really angry or she wouldn’t be saying my full name.
I sighed, “Mom it was our only option. Please, do not try to say it’s not.” 
“I know I’ve had this conversation with your father for the last hour.” She stated in exasperation.
“Oh.” I said not sure what else to say to her. 
“It was stupid of you to talk over your father, but it did get them off your back and we can work out any problems that may occur later if you do have a few more talents.” She looked tired as she spoke. This was very stressful for her and I didn’t like seeing her this way. She was being ambushed by me, my father, the FBI, and she was just trying to be normal. I loved her for that. 
“Mom, thank you.” I said as I gave her a hug. 
“For what?” She asked confused at my sudden show of emotion.
“Everything! You have been the best mom in the world. I don’t know what I would do without you.” I said hugging her again.  She laughed at what I had told her. 
“Alright, I think it’s time you get to bed. There’s been enough excitement tonight and tomorrow you can tell me all about you and Ian.” She said with her knowing smile. I rolled my eyes and nodded. I treaded into my room and fell asleep way too easily.
~~~
 The weekend was a much needed vacation from all the drama that occurred on Friday. The FBI officers, as promised, were gone and it was nice to not feel like you are always being followed. My father was over at the apartment first thing Saturday morning. I walked into the kitchen and my parents actually looked like they were having a pleasant conversation together. It was refreshing to know my mom wasn’t as damaged as I thought she was but honestly it was a little surprising to realize the woman was still hung up on my dad. If they admitted or not, they were both interested in each other still.  I smiled even though I was still groggy from waking up. 
“What are you guys talking about?” I asked as I sat at the counter beside my father. 
“Breakfast?” my mom asked as she showed me a plate with eggs, bacon, and toast. 
“Sure.” I said happily as she put the plate in front of me. 
“We were talking about some arrangements.” Steven said with a smile on his face. I could see my mother’s attraction, my dad was a stud for a guy in his forties. He looked like he had a membership to a gym, that was not going to waste. God, was I checking out my dad? That’s sick. Another observation I made about him was my mom seriously had a type. Most of the men my mother dated, looked a lot like him. It’s eerie to think that so many men look like my father. It’s also a little weird that I never picked up on that trend until now.
“What kind of arrangements?” I asked as I started eating the crispy bacon on my plate. 
“I’m moving.” He said, the smile on his face growing. 
“Where?” I asked curiously, wondering specifically why that smile was plastered on his face. 
“To Philadelphia,  Annabanana, I thought you would have figured it out.” He said as he ruffled my already messy hair. 
“Are you looking at apartments?” I asked more curiosity peaking my interest. I mean my dad was going to be a part of my life. It was exciting until I realized I was abruptly leaving my life for the summer. 
“Actually I’ve already found an apartment.” He said still smiling. 
“Where?” I said between mouthfuls. 
“Downstairs.” He added simply.
“Here?” I was stunned.
“Your mother worked it out for me this morning. I’ve already found another firm to work with and my stuff is being shipped as we speak.” 
“How? Why? That was so fast?” 
“Well I want to be around and help you with everything so when you started emailing me I started packing and preparing to stay in Philadelphia. Your mother got the apartment in two days. She’s amazing,” he said, a smile returning to his face as he talked about my mother. Adorable, I was going to have parents that might actually care about each other. Life was good. 
I spent almost two hours on the phone with Jamie after breakfast partially catching her up on my father’s return, and my recent coupling with Ian. She was beyond thrilled. I think her exact words were, “not uh…really…Oh my god……..AHHHHHHHH!”I thought I was going to be deaf after that but she calmed down when I threatened to hang up if she didn’t stop screaming. I liked that Jamie was so accepting. She didn’t even push that we fought all last week and I had a boyfriend a week ago. She just was happy that something was going right for us after a complicated month. We finished our conversation making a study date for another math test. 
After showering and dressing up, Ian called with a wonderful idea. “Let’s go to the carnival.” He said excitedly as I answered the phone. 
“Excuse me?” I asked confused, “I didn’t hear about a carnival.” 
“There’s one near Lincoln High School. It will be fun. Come on.” Ian didn’t sound like himself but it sounded like he was making an effort to have a happier day than yesterday. 
“Okay.” I said not totally convinced but willing to go if only to spend time with him. 
Chapter 21: Carnival
Ian picked me up about twenty minutes later. He knocked on my door and was more surprised that my father was here then I was this morning. He greeted my parents in that always polite way but was attempting to be a bit more charming now that we were dating. “Have fun, kids!” My mom said as she sat on the sofa with a bowl of freshly popped popcorn. My dad and her were sitting to watch a movie. I was wondering what would happen to Jack now that my dad was back in the picture. I kind of felt bad for the guy I barely knew, but hey I’d rather have my parents together than some other guy in the picture. 
“Ready to go?” Ian asked, snapping me out of my train of thought. I nodded excited to go after thinking about it. Ian explained what the carnival was doing and raising money for and how the high school had one every year. 
“Is it big?” I asked as I slid into Angela’s Mazda. 
“It’s a decent size, they have all the good rides and all the bad food.” He started the car and placed his hand on mine. I felt my heart flutter with that simple gesture. “You know ever since that lady took your powers when we touch it isn’t such a shock to touch, it kind of just tingles now.” He said as he looked at our hands quickly and then back at the road he drove on. “Are you happy?” He asked out of the blue. 
I looked at him surprised at the randomness of his question. “Of course I’m happy, Ian…” I said but didn’t know how to finish that sentence. “Why would you ask me that. It’s been a day, give me some credit?” I said not very sure what I should be thinking after that.
“Just checking.” He said, a slow smile on his face as he pulled into a parking spot of the high school. “I know this is risky, us being out and about but I wanted to have at least one day out with you before we went back into hiding.” He said as he grabbed hold of my hand and we started walking to the entrance. 
“Do you think he’s really going to hurt me?” I asked more afraid of Marcus than I had been of Dom. Something about Marc just made him more frightening. I didn’t know if it was simply his massive build and height, or the overall presence of dominance he exuded, but the man scared the hell out of me and I did not want to know what his fury was like. 
“I won’t let him.” He said pulling me closer and kissing the top of my hand. I looked at Ian’s stern face. Knowing how much he cared I was willing to hide the rest of my life. 
“Maybe we shouldn’t be out. I don’t want to--”Ian put his finger to my mouth to quiet me. 
“We aren’t leaving. We are having a day of normalcy and then we can resort to our usual manner of hanging out.” He said as he moved his hand and kissed the tip of my nose. “Relax he hasn’t even called me today. I think he’s giving me a chance to think about it for a couple of days. Everything will be fine.” I was leery of that but I couldn’t do anything without the full strength of my powers. We moved forward in line at the ticket stand. Ian was brushing his thumb along my hand as he held tightly. It was a nice feeling. The tingling made me want to just stop thinking and enjoy but I had to continue with the conversation. 
“I hope you’re right” I said sounding unusually pessimistic. 
“Annabanana, cheer up!” He said, a dreamy smile coming across his face. I almost sighed when he smiled. He was definitely using the fact that I couldn’t say no to him. 
I leaned on his shoulder, “I’m cheered up. Believe me there is nothing else I’d rather be doing.” He smiled again at that and kissed me softly on the lips. It only lasted a few seconds but I got the message. There were better things that we could be doing but when my apartment was holding me captive I’d long to go out. Ian was starting to know me too well. “This is to make up for me going stir crazy later on?” I said actually understanding, why we were here. 
“Yeah, I want to be a normal couple today.” He said a bit sheepishly. “Eat crap food, get on rides, kiss on the top of the Ferris wheel.” I couldn’t help but smile. It was the most thoughtful gesture anyone had ever done for me. I leaned in and pressed my lips to his soft mouth. I felt him smile when we kissed. 
“That is the sweetest thing I’ve ever heard.” I said leaning off of my tip toes and standing normally. Being with Ian was even better than I thought it would be. We made it to the front of the line and bought our tickets for the day. Ian was dragging me to some small shoddy looking roller coaster before I could grab the tickets from the lady at the stand. It was four tickets for the ride and there was barely a line since Ian had dragged me out early enough. “Am I going to have neck problems after this?” He just laughed, a velvety sound that touched my core and grabbed my hand to get in the front cart. 
It was as bad as I thought it would be, rocky and bumpy and I wouldn’t be surprised if there were long term neck issues after the neck jolting braking involved on that ride. “That was fun?” Ian asked as we stepped out of the exit gate. “What do you want to do next?” 
“Something with less braking.” I said rubbing my neck. Ian let out a soft chuckle but grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the Ferris Wheel. This I could especially enjoy if there was a kiss waiting for me in that cart. The line was pretty long when we got there but we waited. The place as a whole was getting crowded now that it was after noon. There were long lines for nearly everything. The roller coaster, the Ferris Wheel, even the Merry-go-round. 
After about a ten minute wait we stepped into our little cart. It rocked wildly until we settled onto one side. The wheel started moving and we were heading up. Ian put an arm over my shoulder. 
“You’re right this is much better. We can talk--” but I wasn’t interested in that so I kissed him. He laughed as I moved back. “Or that,” he said as he brushed a hand over my cheek and then he kissed me again. It was longer and a much better kiss than the one we shared before. “I could really get used to doing this.” He said still brushing a finger across my cheek.
“Me too.” I said, shifting and resting my head on his shoulder. I looked outside of the gondola to see we had a great view of the entire carnival. I stared at the pretty sight, the bushels of people crowding everywhere. The massive parking lot filled with cars. The rows of trailers with different assortments of foods to try.
“Like what you see?” He said with a mischievous smile.
“It depends what are you talking about?” I said knowing how quickly that would have been a bad dirty joke. He kissed me, a soft peck to my forehead. 
“I meant the view.” He said with that roguish smile still playing across his lips.
“Sure you did.” I said turning to face him and looking into those vibrant eyes. There was something about his eyes in the sunlight that no other light could compare to, and it was where I really appreciated the beauty of Ian Molina. 
“Why are you looking at me like that?” He said as he saw me staring into his shockingly bright eyes. 
I shyly looked down, “I was just admiring you.” I added awkwardly. 
He smiled at that and lifted my head with a finger under my chin. He kissed my nose again. “I like admiring you too.” He said and kissed me again. Today was turning into one of the best days I’d ever had.  “Why don’t we grab a funnel cake after this with everything on it.” He said with a boyish smile, I had to reach out and touch his cheek. Now, that we were touching so often the shock was nowhere near as jolting as it should have been but that could also be from my lack of power. 
I looked down as we started to descend back towards the ground. “Yeah, cake and some horrible drink to go with it.” He smiled and nodded.
“Of course.” He added as if it was the only logical thing to do. I was scanning the crowd for a stand that had funnel cakes when I saw a large mass of a man. He looked scary and I instantly recognized him. I pulled Ian over. 
“Is that Marc?” I said my voice shaking with fear. Ian looked over through the crowd and was stunned in to silence. 
“It has to be a coincidence.” He said trying to sound confident but failing when his voice came out as no more than a whisper. 
“I think we should leave.” I said not hiding my frightened state of mind. 
We got away from the Ferris Wheel and Ian grabbed my hand and started pulling me towards the entrance. “Shit,” Ian said as we came into view of his car. Marc was waiting there with three large men. My perfect day was now going perfectly wrong. 
“Hey Marc, look who’s here,” one of Marcus’s goons said as he spotted us from across the parking lot. Ian was walking slowly, his posture stiff, his hand keeping me behind his steps. Marcus turned around to see us, a friendly grin crossing over his face. That was a scary sight. 
“Well, well, well, Ian lucky to run into you here.” He said bridging the gap between us, he put a hand on Ian’s shoulder and gave him a one armed hug. Ian stiffened even more with the gesture. “Hi Anna, lovely to see you on a day like this.” He said as he let go of Ian and walked towards me. The way he was looking at me, his dark eyes narrowed only on me, I felt like prey and he was a hungry bear. 
“Nice to see you again, Marc.” I said trying to sound like I wasn’t deathly afraid of the man, but apparently I failed because after I spoke Marc looked angrily at Ian. The glare spoke volumes. 
“What’s wrong, Anna?” Marc said stepping closer to me. I was praying he wouldn’t touch me but he put a massive arm around my waist possessively pulling me away from Ian. 
“Nothing is wrong?” I said focusing on my voice and hoping to sound more confident. “Who are these guys, Marc?” I asked, hoping he wouldn’t figure out I already knew what he was up to.
 He seemed relieved by my question, and loosened his grip on my waist. 
“These are friends of ours.” Marc said indicating that they were Ian’s friends too. I doubted that, but Ian said he was involved with Marc maybe it was true. God, there was a lot I didn’t know about Ian, even now. 
“Come to enjoy the carnival too?” I asked hoping he would think I was an innocent and let us go. 
“Something like that.” Marc said as he turned around to face Ian. Marc pulled me along with him and was holding my waist tightly to his hip. 
“Marc, you are starting to hurt me.” I said trying to sound as small and damsel like as I could, but it had no effect on Marcus. I tried to shift away but he growled for me to stay silent and my fear made me oblige. 
“Have you decided, cousin?” Marc said, a dark look coming over his face. I saw Ian’s resolve weakening now that I was literally in Marc’s grasp. 
“I can’t Marc, you know this. I’m trying to move past this. I want to be normal.” He said looking at me as he spoke. His expression was pained and I wanted to reach out and console him. I fidgeted a little in Marc’s grasp but he just pulled me more tightly towards him. His arm was squeezing my waist so tight, I felt like he would snap me in two.
“Is it because of this little bitch?” Marc asked, the venom dripping from his voice. 
“No,” Ian answered quickly. “She’s part of it, but it’s my mom. I can’t do this to her anymore. She needs me. You know this and I gotta focus, man, if I want to make it to college. I’ve told you this and you were fine with it.” Ian said his voice starting to sound frustrated from being useless to rescue me. 
“That was before Dom got locked up. I need you now, Ian.” Marc’s voice boomed out of his chest and I actually felt it since he held me so firmly. 
“I can’t, nothing has changed. You have plenty of men that want to take Dom’s place. You don’t need me.” Ian said irritably, his voice was rising with his frustration and people were starting to look at us. 
“Open the car, Ian.” Marcus snarled at him as he pushed me towards his aunt’s car. Ian obeyed and opened the car with the alarm on his key. One of the goons got into the driver’s side of the car. Ian sat in the passenger side, quietly protesting this. Marc pushed me in the back of the car with him and another goon. As the third goon walked to what I assumed was Marc’s car, Marcus said, “Lonny, you know where to go” in a normal calm voice, not like he was kidnapping his cousin and friend. 
“Where are we going?” Ian asked and I knew we were in trouble because I heard the escape of panic in his tone. 
“To take care of business, privately.” Marc said in a nonchalant way that made me feel like I was as good as dead. “You know something, Ian,” Marc started, he waited for Ian to reply and then continued. “She’s fine but she doesn’t seem that bright. I thought you’d do better than that.” I wanted to kick him, he was insulting me to my face. Ian didn’t say anything and I knew I shouldn’t try to convey my smarts because that was exactly what could get us out of this predicament.
“What are you doing, Marcus?” I said trying to sound stern. He smiled at me. He liked that I was trying to be tough.
“But she is a brave one, even if it is idiotic.” He said softly smacking my cheek.  “Annie, if Ian doesn’t listen to me I’m going to kill you.” He smiled as he articulated each word making sure my apparently small brain understood it. My eyes widened, he was going to kill me. Crap!
Chapter 22: Nothing but Trouble
We pulled up to a large building and by Ian’s muttered curses I knew we were in serious trouble wherever we were. The thug who was driving grabbed Ian roughly as he got out of the car. Marc was still holding me firmly, his grip was what I considered a bear’s hold might feel like. The third lackey pulled up shortly after we arrived. He grabbed me from Marc’s grasp and followed Ian’s captor into the building.
 I looked around hoping, praying, for other people to be there but there was no one. It looked like an abandoned factory the further into the dilapidated building we went. There was dust in thick layers blocking the light coming into the windows in the large room we were escorted through. Empty boxes were everywhere and in the center of the massive room were two chairs and a duffle bag. A very large duffle bag. The goons threw Ian and I down into the two chairs facing each other. They tied up our arms and legs. Ian wasn’t struggling and neither was I. There really wasn’t much I could do so why get some unnecessary abuse before they kill me. I looked at Marc as his gaze locked on me. 
“Maybe you are smarter than I gave you credit for.” Marc said leaning down to look me in the eye. “What has Ian told you about me?” 
“Nothing.” I said defiantly. 
He slapped me hard across my left cheek. I heard Ian shout and his struggling in his chair. The hit had knocked the wind out of me. I was stunned. The strike had left me afraid to even attempt to say anything. “Are you done lying now?” He said still too close to me.  My cheek was tingling from the force of the blow, I knew it would leave a nasty bruise. 
“I’m not lying.” I said looking straight into Marc’s eyes. Marc raised his hand to slap me across the other cheek but stopped when he heard Ian’s voice. 
“Anna, please just tell him.” I gulped, my mouth had went dry. Ian was going to get hell for telling me everything he told me. I looked at him for a long moment, he had stopped fighting and his eyes were pleading with me. 
“Now that’s enough affection you two,” Marc said taking me out of my daze. “What do you know?” 
“You …you’re the leader of a gang. Dom was your right hand man. He tried to kill, Ian after he left. You want Ian to be your new right hand man now that Dom is in jail.” Marc sighed. 
“You know a lot. Why is that?” He said finally taking his gaze off of me and turning his eyes to Ian, with growing disdain. Marc gave him a cold, hard stare and Ian returned it with his own glare. “Why would you tell her this?” Marcus said his voice was soft, but he was heard in the silence of the dark room. 
“Anna, is special. She didn’t tell anyone and she won’t.” Ian said, his eyes never leaving Marc’s glare. 
“You are very trusting, Ian.” Marcus said a small flicker of something going across his face. “Annie, what did Ian tell you about himself?” Marc said turning to face me with an amused smile on his face. 
“He said that he joined because of you and he wasn’t really in the gang but helped you out when you needed him.” I answered feebly, there wasn’t a point in lying. It was all over. His smile grew as I spoke. 
“That’s a funny little tale you weaved for her.” Marc said quickly glancing at Ian but keeping his focus on me. 
“It’s not a lie.” Ian said angrily.
“It’s not the truth either.” Marc remarked. There were some chuckles from Marc’s goons but they soon went silent when Marcus sent a glare their way. 
“Anna, baby, Ian is a full fledged member of the gang. He was one of my top guys till you came around. He did everything and more and he was even next in line to take Dom’s place.” I gulped that can’t be true, could it?
“I don’t believe you.” I said trying to fight the tears that wanted to come to my eyes. Marc just smiled. 
“I didn’t think you would.” He said as he walked over to Ian and ripped his shirt in half, and pulled off what remained.
I looked but only saw a perfect set of abs and a small circular tattoo almost on his side on top of his ribs. “I don’t see anything.” I said snidely. 
“Don’t you see that?” Marc scoffed at me. 
“His tattoo? Yeah, so lots of people have tattoos.” I said still showing how unimpressed I was. Marc smiled.
“It’s our gang tattoo.” Marc said moving closer as he lifted his left forearm and showed a very similar tattoo. It was something written in another language maybe Latin written to form a circle and in the center was not an overly large but still noticeable M.
“Still not proof. You guys are cousins you could have gotten matching tattoos.” I said, still trying to prove I was brave. Marc looked like he was going to slap me again, but stopped. His minions walked over and each of them displayed the same tattoo as Marc and Ian’s. I felt my eyes widen in shock. “Why …why didn’t you tell me?” I said hurt by Ian’s bending of the truth. I couldn’t completely believe what they were saying to me. The Ian I knew was so different. The Ian I didn’t keep things like this from me.
“I’m sorry I was going to tell you Anna--” but he was cut off when Marcus sent a hard blow into his stomach that knocked the breath out of him. I heard my shouting but it didn’t feel like it was coming from me. This whole situation was unbelievable even in my screwed up life. 
“Dom, wasn’t after you because you left.” I said trying to piece together the truth, “You lied to me, to Jamie, to everyone. I thought you changed.” I said it, letting my emotions flow freely. 
“Anna, I did change.” Ian said almost pleading with me. He had not fully recovered from the hit from Marcus and his voice and breathing were strained. “I love you, I have changed.” My heart jolted at the admission. I loved him too, despite his lies. He didn’t deserve this hell even if he lied to me or anyone else. I was going to save us. I moved my head to try and see him. Marcus was a big guy and it was difficult to accomplish. 
I was going to act us out of this, hopefully.“Just stop lying, I get it now.” I said mustering up all my strength to sound convincing. “I told you what you wanted to know. You gave me a story to seem like a good guy but Dom was after you because he was threatened by you not because you left the gang.” I said stating what they had told me.
“No, Anna, I really left right before you came to town. You know me. I didn’t lie about anything else I swear.” His voice was filled with pain. If he could he would have been begging for my forgiveness but I couldn’t. I listened quietly, he wouldn’t look at me despite his pleading it was really putting a damper into my plan.
“I can’t forgive you.” His eyes were wide in disbelief even though I knew he wanted to say something he didn’t. Thankfully, he finally looked at me. “Everything I thought I knew about you….was a lie.” I said attempting to smile to show Ian I believed him but have everyone else still thinking I hated him. “Jamie warned me and I blindly fell for you believing you had changed and would stay changed for me. When you’re wrong you’re really wrong I guess.” I said a sad smile came across my face as our eyes locked. He nodded tersely in understanding. 
“You aren’t wrong, I swear, Anna. Believe me.” He said the force of his gaze hitting me and making me want to forget what I was rehearsing in my head. I shook my head getting out of the fog he put my mind in. 
“You now know everything, Marcus. What else is there left to do.” He had quietly watched our exchange and he seemed rather pleased with himself. 
“I just have one question before we get back to our regularly scheduled plans.” That meant he still meant to kill me. Just Great! “Have you changed your mind, Ian?” I gulped, I hoped he would say yes now to save us or at least himself. I didn’t really care what had happened. Survival had to be the most important thought until we were out of this.
“Does it even matter? You are going to kill her no matter what.” Ian said the resentment clear. I had to replay what he said in my mind to actually register what he said. Marc was going to kill me no matter what? Not Fair. 
“But… I won’t tell a soul.” I said the fear returning. 
“Too bad, babe, you know way too much.” Marc said coming closer to me.
 “No but I--” I stopped there was no way to finish that sentence. “Just kill me and get it over with then.” I said really depressed at the moment. We had fought for a chance to make them think we didn’t want to be near each other, but my knowledge was a liability that Marcus wasn’t putting up with.
“That’s the spirit” Marc said as he patted my head and walked to that large duffel bag. He opened it wide and inside were a large array of weapons. Marc’s back was turned to us as he decided what would be the best way to take me out.
 Ian looked at me, “Get out of this,” he mouthed. 
“How?” I mouthed back.
 He looked at Marc’s back and said, “Get out the ropes.” 
Again, I mouthed back, “How?” The lackeys happened to notice our exchange and stepped in to block our views of each other. 
“Now, scheming is really pretty useless at this point.” Marc said with a smile. He was holding an overtly large knife that was destined to be the death of me. He walked closer to me. “How do you want this, beautiful? We can make this easy or hard?” 
“Fast.” Was all I could muster. 
“That’s no fun. Don’t you want to see Ian feel the weight of your death?” Marc said, as he stepped closer to me. He was unusually close to me. I felt his breath on my cheek and I fought not to cringe every time he exhaled. “Why don’t we show him what he’ll be missing?” Marc said as he grabbed my ponytail and pushed his face to mine and stole a kiss. I wanted to vomit feeling his tongue violate my mouth. This was wrong. I fought but was useless due to the tight ropes holding me to the cold metal chair. 
“Now, I see why Ian kept you to himself.” Marc said as he leaned back and admired the pure rage Ian was exuding from his chair. “You must be good at other things too” He said loud enough for Ian to hear as he brushed kisses down my bruised cheek. “I might regret this now.” I wanted to scream in disgust and push him away but it was impossible. I was tied down and screwed. With how my luck was looking it seemed like he’d rape me before he killed me. I felt the tears start running down my cheeks. Marc’s fingers wiped them up. “Why so sad, beautiful?” He said a jolly smile covering his dark features. 
“Please, if you have any mercy just kill me already.” I said between sobs. I heard Ian’s protests but they were quickly quieted. My eyes locked on Ian’s for a moment and I felt a sudden heat in my core that I’d never felt before. Marc moved in towards me. 
“I’ve got a proposition for you, Anna.” Marcus said, that evil smile coming back to his face. 
“What?” I said annoyed. His games were getting old, I just wanted to die. I didn’t want to be toyed with anymore.
“Let’s have a night at it. If it’s good I let you go.” Marc said a sloppy smile ruining his somewhat pleasant features.
“Like hell!” Ian shouted but from the grunt I heard afterwards they were dealing with him. 
“No,” I said firmly. “I’d rather die.” I added. His expression went from pleasant to beyond pissed in a matter of seconds. 
“You bitch!” he shouted as he slapped me again across my already bruised cheek, where a few moments ago he was brushing kisses across. Talk about mood swings. I looked at him angrily. This was getting frustrating. I felt the burning in my core again. What was happening? Marc grabbed me by the throat and was screaming insults in my face but I couldn’t hear, I was lost. Lost in a vision. 
“Annie, I swear I’m being honest with you.” Ian said as he walked closer to me. His fingers were brushing my cheeks. He stopped and kissed my heavily bruised cheek, it was sore and he whispered an apology.
 “How can I trust you again?” I said still hurt, from his lies. 
“I will make you trust me I promise. We don’t have to be together. We can be friends if that makes you happy.” I heard the disappointment in his tone as he said it but he was making an effort to regain my trust. 
“I’ll think about it.” I said simply and he nodded solemnly. I leaned forward towards him.
I snapped out of it quickly. Marc looked at me confused for a moment, but then continued with his verbal tirade. Ian had definitely noticed I had a vision and was watching me intently. I wondered if he felt when I had a vision now?  I’d have to ask him about it now that I knew we were going to survive this.
Chapter 23: Not Today
Marcus finally stepped away from me. “Welcome back to earth, Anna.” Marc said snidely. “You’ve come back just in time.” He continued a smile on his face. 
“Are you finally going to kill me.” I said, not fazed by his mocking tone. “Or do I have to wait some more.” That seemed to push his buttons. He started yelling again. I was over caring. I was too busy thinking about just how I was going to get out of this mess, now that I knew it was possible.
“You bitch!” he shouted at me. He stepped very close to me his breath tickling my nose. He was breathing harshly. “I guess I should get this over with.” He said raising the massive knife in his hand making its presence known. He started to lower the knife towards my thigh. It felt like everything was in slow motion. I looked at the knife praying something would stop this disaster and just like that everything changed.
The knife flew and hit a closed door near the table Marc had the duffle bag laying open on. “What the hell?” He said confused when he realized the knife wasn’t in his grasp anymore. I saw Ian’s blatant stare showing his own disbelief. What had just happened? 
Marcus walked over to the knife sticking out of the wooden door. It was wedged in there, I guessed from the amount of trouble Marcus was having trying to pull the knife out. He gave up quickly and walked back to his fun bag. He pulled out an equally large knife. I looked at him hard as he started coming closer to me. The knife flew back to sit beside the first knife. That’s when I realized what happened. I was telepathic. That was me throwing the knives. I really was Lucia’s predecessor, I was never going to be free from the FBI. Everyone was looking at me, everyone seemed confused.  “What the hell is going on here?” Marc shouted. No one said a word. 
“Anna…. Is that…” Ian said trying to figure it out. I looked at him hoping he could read my frightened expression for what it was. Marcus watched the exchange and was stomping towards me again. He had acquired yet another knife in the process. He walked past me and then I felt one of his massive arms hold my shoulders firmly as he put a knife to my throat. 
“Tell me what the fuck is going on Ian, now!” Marcus was obviously enraged. 
“I don’t know.” Ian yelled back. Marc was angry and I felt the knife closer to my neck. God, it was sharp. I felt it pressed to my neck ready to break the skin. I closed my eyes, praying for a miracle. How did I control my new gift? I focused all my energy on the knife pressed to my throat. I felt the knife shaking against my skin.
I heard a shocked grunt escape Marc’s mouth as he fought for control of the knife. He was pressing more firmly against my skin. I focused harder. I didn’t want to die. I was going to do something about it. The knife began to shake more and I felt it slice my skin but just as quickly the knife was gone. Marc hit the wall behind me rather firmly. The knife was sitting in his chest but he was still very much alive. The stunned expression on everyone’s faces spoke volumes. I focused on the bag of weapons and the knives all stood on their handles. 
I sent them towards Marc’s men and they began running for the entrance. All the knives crashed into the door they slammed behind them. I focused on one of the knives and it started floating towards me. It cut the ropes that held me to the chair. I stood up knowing the ropes had left nasty bruises behind. Ian and Marc’s shocked faces spoke volumes. Telepathically, I lifted the knife that cut my ropes and cut Ian’s ropes. His eyes met mine. “Oh my god.” He said as he stood up.
“I know.” I whispered back not really accepting what I was doing myself. He walked over to me and wrapped his strong arms around me. I relaxed a little at his embrace. 
“Anna, let’s…” but Ian stopped speaking when he heard the sounds from behind us. Marc had slumped down to the floor and there were massive amounts of blood covering the wall and the floor around him. Ian ran over to his cousin’s side. “Marcus?” Ian said a new fear showing in his voice. Marcus didn’t say anything but he looked over at Ian and let out a low gargle. My stomach dropped. Had I just killed Ian’s cousin? “Damn,” Ian said as he began to dig through Marc’s pockets and found his cell phone.   
“Are you calling for an ambulance?” I asked stepping closer to the two men. 
“Yes, you can leave if you want.” He said looking at me with a bit of resentment. 
“I’m sorry, I didn’t know where I stabbed him. I didn’t think--” 
“It’s okay. You saved your life.” Ian said distracted, he didn’t seem very pleased with the situation. It seemed like he was mad at me. That hurt, I was mad at him for lying but now I found myself trying to get back into his good graces, this was not a situation I was comfortable being a part of.  I watched him call the police and then he looked down at Marc. “He’s still breathing but he is unconscious.” Ian said softly. I moved closer and sat beside Ian. I felt tears threaten to fall. He gave me a sad smile. “Why are you sad, we’re alive.” He said it softly as his hand cupped my cheek. I put my hand over his appreciating the calming feeling of his touch.
“I hurt him.” I added simply. “I didn’t want to kill him. I just wanted to get away.”
“And you did exactly that.  We are alive and it’s because of you.” He looked down, he was still shirtless and I felt his self consciousness. 
“Were you telling me the truth when you said you wanted to leave the gang?” I asked feeling braver now that I knew he wasn’t upset with me.
“Anna, I swear I’m being honest with you.” Ian said as he leaned closer to me. His fingers were brushing my cheeks he stopped and kissed my heavily bruised cheek, it was sore and he whispered an apology.
 “How can I trust you again?” I asked still hurt from his lies. 
“I will make you trust me I promise. We don’t have to be together. We can be friends if that makes you happy.” I heard the disappointment in his tone as he said it but he was making an effort to regain my trust. 
I shook my head and smiled. “What?”  He asked a somber expression still on his face.
“The vision I had earlier just happened.” I said trying to smile even though it came off sad. 
“I knew you had a vision earlier.” He said smiling.
“How?” I asked genuinely curious how he had known.
“I think our connection is getting stronger. There was this tingling like we were touching. I looked at you and I knew you were having a vision. Why do you think it’s stronger?” He asked inquisitively. Hell, I was too.
“I don’t know. It could be from prolonged exposure to each other.” I said with a smile. Ian laughed. “Or it could be because my gifts are growing like the FBI said they would and whatever draws us to each other is attached to my growing power.” He nodded that was the more reasonable conclusion. 
“I think you’re right.” He said stretching out the sentence as he seemed to think about each word before he said it. He looked down at Marcus again he was still breathing but it was labored. Finally, I heard the sirens. Several men that looked like a SWAT team came into the building, guns pointed, checking the perimeter. There was indistinct shouting and then they were upon us. Guns pointed and scaring the hell out of us, they eventually lowered their weapons. 
“You called for an ambulance?” One of the officers called to them.
“Yeah,” Ian said as he stood up. I followed his lead and stood stepping away from Marc’s body. 
“What happened here, kids?” I swallowed at the other officer’s statement. “Are you injured?” 
“No,” Ian and I replied in unison. 
“Take them to an ambulance to get checked out. Then hold them so we can get the story.” The cop in charge said as two officers roughly grabbed our arms and guided us outdoors to two ambulances awaiting their orders. The officer holding Ian let go of him and started talking to two paramedics. The other paramedics started towards Ian and I. One began checking me out examining my cheek, other bruises, and the dried blood on my neck.
“You won’t need stitches.” The guy said as he stopped poking my neck with some medical instrument. He cleaned up the cut and covered it with a small bandage. I looked over at Ian, who’d I’d overheard had bruised ribs thanks to the lovely blows Marc and his minions delivered. They were wrapping his upper chest when I was given a clean bill of health. 
I walked over to Ian. They were finishing with his bandaging. “I’m healthy except for some bruising.” Ian announced. 
“I’m all good too.” I said as I sat beside him on the back of the ambulance. 
“They’re going to want our story eventually.” Ian said as he watched the paramedics take Marcus out on a stretcher. We watched as they put him in the other ambulance and take off. An older man in a uniform started walking towards him. He looked like he was the guy in charge. 
“Names?” he said without even a direct look at us. 
“Annabel Lee.” 
“Ian Molina.” 
“Ian Molina? Like Marcus Molina?” The officer said with a look of disdain. 
“I’m his cousin.” Ian said quickly, not really appreciating the rude behavior of the cop. 
“What happened here, Miss Lee?” The officer said hiding his disapproval to seem civil towards me.
I looked over at Ian before I began to speak. “Marc, kidnapped us from the carnival at Lincoln High. He brought us here with three men. They tied us up.” I said as I showed him my wrists and lifted Ian’s as well. The officer observed it and then called for another guy. 
The other cop took pictures of our hands and legs before leaving again. 
“Marcus wanted Ian to do something for him, but he refused so he said he was going to kill me. He slapped me twice.” I said directing his attention to my bruised cheek. He threw some punches at Ian and so did his lackeys.”
“How did Mr. Molina end up with a knife in his chest, Miss Lee.” The officer seemed like he was getting exasperated. 
“I was crying he had a knife to my throat. One of his lackeys came behind him, Marcus turned around surprised, the guy stabbed him and ran. The other two men saw and started throwing knives at him as he escaped through the front door. They followed him. The ropes were kinda loose and I reached over and cut the ropes. I went over to Ian and cut his too. We walked over to Marcus, but we couldn’t leave him like that he lost too much blood. So we called you.” I said looking up at the officer. 
“Thank you, Miss Lee. Did she leave anything out, Mr. Molina? Can I ask if you are affiliated with Marcus Molina’s alleged gang activity?” 
I looked over at Ian thankful his small tattoo was covered by the bandaging. “He wanted me to help him with a project. I’m a little blurry on the details. I only know it involved his ‘alleged gang activity’ and I said no. He thought if he hurt my girlfriend that would persuade me to help him.” The officer nodded but seemed to be less disapproving of Ian now that he believed he wasn’t a gang member. 
“Thank you. Now can I have your parents’ phone numbers.” I looked at Ian and groaned. My parents were going to freak about this mess. Ian handed over the numbers and the officer was off to make some calls. There was an officer watching over us while phone calls were made. 
Chapter 24: It’s Growing
The police made us wait at the station for our parents to pick us up even though we had Ian’s mother’s car. I heard my mother before I saw her. I looked around and finally found her at the police entrance with my father and Ian’s mother.
I ran over to my parents actually happy to see them. They hugged me and I felt like what I always longed to be a normal girl with loving parents. Ian was hugging his mother who was sobbing uncontrollably. “Annie, the police called, and then Angela did. We ran here as soon as we heard.” I let go of my parents, they looked beyond worried. 
Angela had let go of Ian and was asking what happened. Her face was angry and I knew what they were whispering about. I walked closer to them and I heard Angela say, “You promised me you stopped.” I heard the distress in her voice. I stepped forward. 
“Angela,” I said softly and she looked at me. “It’s not his fault, Ian is telling the truth.” I said hoping she’d believe me. She looked at me the distrust obvious. “I know it’s hard to believe but Ian has been good. Marcus ….he …he started this.” Her eyes started to water again. This was very painful for her. She nodded in understanding and hugged Ian again. That was good, they would make up. I watched them for a few more moments before I finally turned to see my parents curious and completely confused by the exchange.
“It’s confusing,” I said before my mother began to speak. “Something happened,” I started thinking this would be the best time to tell them. I leaned in closer. “Today, my gifts came back and I think we really need to talk about this somewhere alone.” I said feeling more frightened than when Marcus was threatening to kill me. My parents nodded in unison and the worry seemed to deepen on their faces.
After our parents signed the necessary papers, we stepped outside and finally left the police station. We were waiting for the cops to bring Angela’s car around. My parents were deep in conversation with her discussing punishments. Great! Ian walked over to me and alerted me with a slight shove of his shoulder. “Do you think you can tell them alone?” He said softly grabbing my hand as he stood closely beside me. 
“I think so. I’m just afraid of what’s going to happen now.” I said looking up at Ian’s stoic face.
“Everything that you planned before, you are going to fake your lack of skills and be free.” He said an encouraging smile showing, but it did little to boost my mood.
“You think I can still do that?” 
“I know you can.” 
I gulped, it was nice to know he believed in me. “Thanks, I needed that.” I said smiling up at him. 
He wrapped an arm over my shoulders and said, “Anytime, babe.” He gently kissed the top of my head before we saw the car turn the corner. “Call me when you finish.” I nodded in understanding and let go of his waist. “Good luck.” He finished with as he started towards his mother’s car. I followed my parents to my mother’s car. 
“So what was so important that you needed to tell us?” My dad started as my mother began maneuvering out of the parking lot. 
“Well what they told you happened isn’t exactly true.” I started knowing how bad it sounded. “I mean he tried to kill us but one of his henchmen didn’t help us. I stopped him--”
“You stabbed a man?” My father said incredulously. I nodded trying to fight the tears. 
“He was going to stab me. I lost it. The knife started shaking and I threw it across the room. Then he tried again and I stabbed him instead. Telepathically.” I said the last word and looked up from my lap to see the look of sheer horror covering my parents’ faces. My father fell even more into the passenger side seat. “Oh my god! I’m so sorry, Annie.” He looked like a beaten man who had been fighting his whole life. For that split second, he let me see what he was hiding behind his calm demeanor. I finally understood what he was trying to protect me from. The war against the FBI. In his eyes I knew that’s what he considered this ordeal, a war between our family and a legacy we didn’t want any part of. 
“It’s okay, dad, it isn’t your fault.” I said moving forward to put a hand to his shoulder. “It doesn’t change anything. When I go with the FBI, my plan is the same. I will do anything to ensure that I am as ordinary as possible.”
 He seemed to perk up with that, “I guess we should start working on making that a reality.” He said, the cloak on his emotions coming back up. My mother looked at him for a second but didn’t say anything. 
“Dad?” 
“Yeah?”
“What did they do to you?” 
His eyes darkened with the question. “I went to camp like you but in Sacramento. There it’s like they are building a psychic army. There are usually fifty to a hundred kids there to be given the most mind breaking tests to see if their skills are adequate enough for use. They work you for hours, breaking your spirit and finding the robot in everyone. They physically, emotionally, and mentally drain you until you submit to their wishes.” I gulped with just the suggestion of something like that happening to me. 
“Do you think it’s changed since you’ve been there?”
“For you, I hope so. It will take a lot of focus out of you to remain weak even when they are torturing you.” Now I knew how risky this whole thing had gotten. Before I was simply a psychic with visions. No matter what they did I couldn’t do anything else but now that I was telepathic. I may mess up and use that skill to defend myself without thinking, like I did today. This was a whole lot more dangerous than I ever conceived possible. 
 When we got home, Steven decided it was necessary we make a work schedule. Training five times a week before I left for the summer. He was completely serious. 
“I don’t want them to surprise you in any way, you might hate me after all of this but, if you are safe I know I did my job.” His words scared the crap out of me. I nodded as he walked over to me and did something I didn’t know was possible. The shock was unbearable. 
“Ho…how?” I gasped out as he grabbed my shoulders and the images in my head started sending me into overload. Without thinking I had thrown him to the couch. My father stood up a hard expression on his face. 
“You can’t do that.” He said evenly. I nodded, tears running freely down my face. “That is just one of many things you should expect to feel on a regular basis.” God, this was sounding more awful by the minute. “Let’s go again.” 
“I think she needs a break, Steve.” My mother said stepping in to check me out. “She’s had a hard day you guys can start tomorrow.” She said with a tone of finality to her voice. She guided me to my room. She sat on my bed with me and began fussing around with my hair. A habit she always took to when she was nervous. 
“Are you okay, mom?” I asked as I turned to face her. She nodded, but I saw her glazed over eyes, she was doing everything in her power to not cry. 
“Last week, you were normal. My perfect child. This week you are psychic and the strongest member of your lineage. Where does the time go?” She said the last part with a small smile on her face. 
“Mom, I love you.” I said as I hugged her.
“I know.” 
“Why are you so sad?” 
She smiled a heartbreakingly sad smile, “Because everything I protected you against has won. You are going with them and…” 
“And I’ll be back before you know it.” I said giving her another hug, before I turned around so she could continue to play with my hair. I felt her begin to divide my hair she was starting to French braid it, something she only did to completely distract herself from whatever was on her mind. “You’ll have dad here while I’m gone and there’s Jack.” I said hopefully, it was tough trying to be reassuring when I hadn’t even reassured myself.
“I broke up with Jack.” She said after a long few moments of silence. 
“Why?” I asked simply, even though there were a thousand questions I wanted to ask. Particularly if she would get back with dad now that I really was a psychic.
“It would have never worked, especially now.” 
“Why not? If you care about him you can make it work.” She smiled again the same depressing one as before.
“Your father will be around constantly. I really don’t need the distractions when you are going to really need protection.” 
“Mom, you know those are lame excuses.” 
She sighed, “You’re right. Honestly, I didn’t really care about Jack.” 
“Do you still love dad?” She started pulling my hair a little too tightly. 
“It’s complicated between us.” 
“What’s so complicated about it? You either love him or you don’t.” I said a little rudely and apologized quickly. 
“I love him, but it didn’t work the first time. I don’t see it working this time. We are two very different people now and our main focus is you.” 
I looked at her with skepticism, “You are kidding, right?” 
“Annie, I’m serious.” She said a little too loudly. 
“Mom, don’t fight it for me. When I’m away you will be happy that he is around to support you. You will need someone.” 
“Annabel.” She said and sighed. I was starting to irritate her. “I am a big girl, I don’t need a man. I just need my baby girl to be okay.” I didn’t know how much I really believed her but I knew she was worried. It was written all over her face. 
“Okay mom, whatever happens, happens.” I said not wanting to push her anymore.
“Now it’s your turn. You and Ian?” She said and laughed as I groaned. I didn’t want to talk about this. “Angela is a very nice woman.” My mom continued.
“She is.” I agreed.
“Oh come on just tell me.” 
“We argued and I think I finally convinced him we can work. Right now I really don’t know what we are. I know he cares but after everything that happened today I don’t trust him as much as I should. He suggested we rebuild our trust as friends again. Honestly, I’m just really tired of being off and on again. I feel like I’m on a roller coaster with him and it’s emotionally draining.” 
“Do you think you could trust him after today?” She asked curious to what I was so distrusting of. I could sense it in her tone. 
“I don’t know. I want to, he’s been really good about it and if I want a break he will begrudgingly give it to me. I’m just not sure. He lied to me when I’ve always told him everything. “ 
“I think that’s your answer. Give him another chance.” I nodded in understanding. It was the only thing that made sense. I loved Ian despite all our personal issues. That connection I felt would never die. He was the only one I’d ever tell my secret to and I now knew I was the only one he was willing to change for. We made each other better and in the end, isn’t that all that matters?
Epilogue: Two Months Later
Someone was banging loudly on the front door. “I got it.” I said as I left Ian on the sofa and went to answer it. I knew who it was before I opened the door. Not only did I have a vision about this exact moment but I had made the deal for them to pick me up for the summer. I opened the door and saw Agents Whitman and Bolis. 
“Lovely to see you again, Miss Lee,” They said in unison as they stepped into the apartment. My parents and Ian were with me to say our goodbyes. This was starting to feel a lot worse than I thought it would. I didn’t want to leave them, and now I was starting to feel an overwhelming clench in my stomach. 
“Where are your bags, Miss Lee?” Bolis said as he looked around the room. 
“In my car.” My father said evenly. “We would like to make sure Annabel is accommodated comfortably before we leave her in your care.” The agents smiled at each other. 
“We thought you would. Follow closely behind us.” Whitman said as she opened up the front door again and walked out. Ian came beside me and grabbed my hand. He lifted it to his mouth and gently kissed it before we walked out to follow the FBI agents.
The four of us entered my father’s Nissan Murano and headed behind the outdated black Crown Victoria, Whitman had driven. The car ride was eerily silent. No one said a word as Steven headed towards where I would spend my summer. Ian had stopped tapping his foot anxiously and looked at me several times. He was fighting with all his might to not show the worry he was feeling, but I still sensed it. 
Over the months, our connection was growing and we weren’t sure if it was from prolonged exposure to each other or from my still expanding abilities. Although I hadn’t discovered any more abilities after telekinesis, Ian and I were bonding on a new level. The electricity was still there although after touching for long periods of time it died down to tingling.
 Recently, we had started be able to sense each other’s moods and a few days ago we had come across the fact that we were reading each other’s emotions. It was weird to know that it wasn’t just me but that Ian could do it too. My father was having a hard time figuring out what it was that connected us in this way. Personally, I didn’t care as long as Ian was with me and we were going through this together.
“You can’t hide that you’re worried.” He smiled at me. A smile that had taken my breath away on numerous occasions.  I smiled back. 
“I’m sorry, it’s just you don’t seem scared at all.” 
“So you are worrying for the both of us?” I said leaning my head on his shoulder. 
“No… I’ll stop.” 
“You don’t have to, it’s just there is no reason to be afraid. I can’t avoid it. I just need to go in there with an open mind and hope for the best.” His hand began rubbing my shoulder.
“When did you get so wise?” 
“I’m not.” I said simply.
My dad parked the car beside Whitman’s hunk of junk. We all stepped out of the car. Ian left my side to help my father with my bags. We walked into the massive building in Pittsburg. FBI Headquarters. I looked around taking in the stoic faces and the black drab wardrobe that everyone seemed to be wearing. Was it a requirement to be fashion impaired to be in the FBI? After following my tour guides through several massive doors, we came to a section of the building that looked nothing like the rest of the building. 
“This is the living quarters.” Bolis started. “Your room is this way. This is one of our smaller camps. It only houses a maximum of ten people. There shouldn’t be ten this year I think we are expecting five or six. So you shouldn’t have a roommate.” He said as he unlocked the door in front of him. He opened it wide so we could all follow him in. I looked around the room. It was large and had two twin beds on opposite sides of the room. The side closest to the window is the one I directed the men to put my stuff on. The room was pretty empty. There was the twin beds, two desks, twin dressers, and three doors in the room. 
“What are the doors to?” I asked Bolis as he stepped in further to the room. 
“These two,” he said pointing to the two doors beside each other “are closets and that one on the far left is your bathroom. You have your own bathroom or you share it with a roommate.” Well that was nice. The room was a light yellow but still lacked warmth. 
“Reminds me of a college dorm.” My mom said as she sat on my bed. 
“You are welcome to put whatever you like up. Dinner is at six today. I think one or two other people have arrived already,” on cue there was a knock on my door. 
It was a boy about my age maybe a year or two older tops. He was devastatingly handsome. He had dark brown hair that was long enough to slightly cover his eyes, but not completely cover the perfection of his startlingly dark blue eyes. His eyes were like looking at the night sky. He was smiling when my eyes finally made their way to his mouth. He had two dimples on either cheek that deepened the wider he smiled. He was well over six feet and towered over Ian and my father. He was also well muscled at least from the way his shirt stretched across his chest and his arms bulged as he crossed his arms. 
“Here’s one now.” Bolis said slightly irritated by the boy’s presence. “This is Max Harlow.” 
“Harlow?” My dad chocked out in shock. “Are you Donovan Harlow’s son?” My father said his shock obvious, even though he tried to cover it up.
“Yup that’s him.” I looked at him again and his smile deepened. “And who are you, beautiful?” Max said his dark eyes landing on me. 
“I…I’m Annabel Lee.” I said stepping back trying to regain my composure. This guy had trouble written all over him. I stepped back and fell onto my bed. Ian sat beside me. I felt his anger mixing with my fear. 
“It was many and many a year ago, in a kingdom by the sea, That a maiden there lived whom you may know By the name Annabel Lee; And this maiden she lived with no other thought Than to love and be loved by me.” Max’s smile deepened as he saw my shock as he recited the poem. “That is a very famous name. I hope you live up to it.” He said and then turned and walked out of the room. The room fell silent after he left. I stood and hugged my parents. They were leaving now that I was settled. My mom hugged me and I felt her silent tears hit my shoulder. 
“Be safe, sweetheart, call us every day.” I nodded promising I would do just that. 
My father looked at me for several moments before he hugged me. “Stay away from that boy. He is trouble.” I nodded knowing he was right. They both left the room so I could say goodbye to Ian. 
“I love you.” He started as he walked towards me. 
“I love you too.” I said smiling as he wrapped his arms around me. I would miss being in his arms above everything else. “Call me every day.”
“I will.” I promised. 
“Will you visit with my parents?” I asked afraid he wouldn’t.
“Of course.” I hugged him again. 
“Thank you and you have nothing to worry about.” I said as I felt his worry building in his mind. 
“Are you sure because that guy does not sit well with me.” 
“He doesn’t sit well with me either.” 
“I felt how overwhelmed you were by him.”
“He started reciting a poem about my name that is unsettling.” Ian nodded in agreement. “I’m a big girl who is very in love with you, you have nothing to worry about.” I said brightly.
“I know I’m just going to miss you so much.” He said pulling me into his arms again.
“I know me too.” I said as I placed my head on his chest. 
“I should go. Your parents are waiting for me.” I nodded in understanding. He lowered his head and placed his lips to mine. I felt the sadness in this kiss and it made tears threaten. “I’m sorry,” he choked out in a hoarse voice as he pulled away. “I love you. I will call you later?” I nodded in agreement unable to find my voice after such a heartbreakingly honest kiss. He really was going to miss me. I felt it. 

If you enjoyed Secret’s Out…
Check the Rest of the Secrets Trilogy
Hidden 
Revelations

Other Books By Lyza Ledo
The Rena Files
Puzzled
Familiar (Coming Summer 2013)

For more information on Lyza Ledo go to
www.Lyzaledo.com
www.twitter.com/Lyzaledo
www.facebook.com/lyzaledo
