Shadow Seed
By Jose Rodriguez Jr
Cover by Tatiana Villa at villatat@gmail.com

Copyright 2011 Jose Rodriguez Jr

License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

~~~~

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

~~~~
CHAPTER ONE

A world being consumed by the shadow seed sounded like a hurricane, ravaged by winds just as powerful. Echoes of thunder and flashes of lightning filled the air, as daylight faded under a murky sky.
Leon was exhausted, spending much of his blood fighting two Myrmidons that attacked relentlessly.
One of the Myrmidons, Xran, swung a sword half his size from side to side as he rushed forward, driving Leon back with every clash of their blades.
Even attempting a counter was pointless, as Leon had to deal with Xran or Vela at any given moment.
The second Myrmidon, Vela, struck Leon’s mid-section with her staff, sending him yards across the field.
Watching on a nearby hilltop, Nibiru and Marduk were enjoying the battle.
Leon dodged Xran’s next attack and used his sword to deflect Vela's staff at the last moment, inches from his head. When he tried to dart away, Xran backhanded him across the face. 
As Leon staggered, Vela jumped backward through the air firing a ball of energy down at him. The whirring sound of the incoming energy ball got Leon to make a panicked scramble in any direction just to get out of the way before the impact blinded all three fighters.
Although the explosion appeared to engulf Leon, Vela was shocked to see him somehow leap over it and hurtle straight at her.
Leon swung his sword, hitting Vela's staff so hard that both weapons broke. Twisting his body in midair, he landed a punishing kick to the middle of her chest.
Vela hit the ground with a good deal of force and appeared to be unconscious.
When Leon landed on his feet, he found Xran waiting behind him. Thanks to his Vesuvian reflexes and speed, he dodged the oversized sword, causing it to become buried halfway into the ground. Leon leaped forward and punched the hulking Myrmidon in the face.
Xran lost grip of his sword but recovered quickly and countered with a knee to Leon's ribs and a devastating punch of his own that sent the Vesuvian sprawling.
Vela slowly got back up in a daze. It took a moment to regain her bearings.
Xran approached, as Leon held his chest and rolled over on his side.
Cracking his knuckles, Xran was two steps away when Leon, clumsily, scrambled back to his feet and delivered a bone-crushing roundhouse kick to Xran’s face.
The Myrmidon fell stiff as a board a few feet away
Marduk chuckled.
Leon’s breathing was strained. He stumbled a bit as he ran to get away before tripping over his own feet and falling to his hands and knees. On the ground before him was a spent blood glaive from earlier in the battle.
Vela wasn’t too far behind. Still slightly dazed, she grabbed hold of Xran’s sword before realizing what it was. Like some kid who found a new toy, she pulled the sword out of the ground. It took both hands, but she managed the cumbersome weapon.
Leon was still on his knees some distance away.
Vela steadied herself and leaped through the air towards Leon. She raised the sword over her head, but before bringing it down like a guillotine, Leon suddenly spun and jumped towards her at the last second.
In a flash, Vela found herself lying on the ground. All she knew was that she’d been hit hard in the face. Then there was a searing pain that went from her lower jaw on one side across to her eyebrow on the other. She screamed in pain, holding her face with one hand as she crawled away.
Leon dropped the blood glaive. There was a small cut in his palm, one that wouldn’t heal unless he could find some blood to drink. He desperately tried to run but lurched and fell.
Xran stood and shook off his disorientation. With a loud battle cry, he sunk his fists into the ground. Using his ability to transmute just about anything into anything, he pulled out two large battle-axes.
On his knees, Leon could only think of how much the world had changed, how dark and desolate it had become, and it was at that moment he noticed light, strangely, coming from his hand.
Nibiru grinned.
Looking closer at his hand, Leon saw his blood was glowing.
Xran grimaced in pain at the light's growing intensity. With each step he took toward Leon, the light burned him more and more even though there was no heat. He howled in anger, raising his axes as he came up behind Leon, as the light grew so intense it became blinding.
***
That was the point Leon always woke. It was a bad memory that had become a recurring nightmare. Sitting up, he found himself on the couch in his home.
At the table in the next room over, Sara spat food out in disgust. “Eww!”
Leon examined his hand as if he expected to find the wound he’d suffered in his dream.
“Fighting old battles again?” Sara asked, before poking at her dish. “I thought this stuff was supposed to taste like chicken.”
“I figured it would,” Leon said, joining Sara at the table.
“Figured?” Sara said.
Leon shrugged. “They’re the same size, and they sound like them, so…”
Sara pushed the plate aside. “The stuff that should be meat tasted like grass.”
Leon looked bewildered, “You’ve eaten grass?”
Sara rolled her eyes. “I like to live dangerously.”
Leon scratched his head. “I’m sorry I don’t have much to offer,” he said, pulling out a deck of playing cards. “Would you like to play a game? Maybe you’ll forget about being hungry.”
“Hungry is an understatement, Leon,” Sara said. “I’m gonna die. How can you eat this stuff?”
“I never have,” Leon said.
“What about that pig thing I had last night?” Sara asked. “That was even worse.”
“I don’t eat anything,” Leon answered. “Most Vesuvians don’t. If we do, it’s out of curiosity.”
“What happens to the food then?” Sara asked.
 “Our blood burns it off, but it's not a pretty sight,” Leon explained, “We get really hot and weak like we're sick.”
Sara sighed. “Well, while the idea of never having diarrhea is interesting, a diet of blood still doesn’t sound so great.”
“We drink alcohol sometimes, but even then, it’s just for a good laugh,” Leon said.
“You must get sloppy drunk then.” Sara chuckled, placing her arms on the table and resting her head.
“Not really,” Leon said, then thinking. “You know what? We can go to Neila’s Pub. She might have something you can eat.”
Sara quickly stood. “Let’s go!”
Wasting no time, they both headed outside and walked around to the back.
Leon noticed some rustling in a nearby hedge. “Get out here, Chris.”
Sara looked over to see a young boy and girl emerge from the bush.
“And you brought Delia,” Leon said. “What are you two up to now?”
“We just wanted to see the human,” Chris answered.
Delia clung to Chris’ arm. “You’re…a human?” she asked.
Sara thought the kids were cute. “Um…yeah, I’m human.”
Leon tried shooing the kids off. “Don’t you have study or something?”
“We are studying!” Chris said.
A dozen children then came out of hiding.
Delia stepped toward Sara. “We’re supposed to observe the human.”
Sara laughed, flattered.
“The Council wants her well-treated,” Leon said, stepping between Sara and the kids. “Stop bugging her.”
“It’s okay,” Sara said, as the kids scattered.
“That's what you think,” Leon said. “Give them half a chance and they'll want to spend all day with you. C'mon, the pub is just a few blocks down.”
CHAPTER TWO

A fog had settled throughout Vesuvia.
Sara couldn’t even see the top of the taller buildings as she and Leon walked down the street. “Are the Turin worried about something?”
“No, probably practicing,” Leon answered. “It’s usually foggy or raining because of them.”
From among the crowd of Vesuvians in the streets, a female Orlok holding a small, covered basket ran up to Sara.
Leon rolled his eyes. “Here we go.”
Sara slightly tensed up, fighting the urge to gasp at the Orlok’s ugly appearance.
“What are you selling this time?” Leon asked.
“I have something for Sara,” the woman said. “Word on the street is she’s hungry.”
“How do you know?” Sara asked.
“Orloks, remember?” Leon said. “There isn’t much they don’t know. We’ve probably had one following us the entire time.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Sara said, crossing her fingers with high hopes. “What do you have?”
The woman held the basket toward Sara and pulled the cover to reveal a dead rat.
Almost fainting, Sara’s eyes went wide as she covered her mouth in disgust.
Leon laughed at the sight of the rat. “Nice going!”
“What?” the Orlok asked. “I’ve done the hard part and drained the blood.”
Sara tried to speak but instead shook her head.
“Humans are somewhat particular about what they eat,” Leon said.
The Orlok covered the basket and held it close to her chest. “Beggars can’t be choosers!”
Realizing that the woman meant well, Sara held her hand out. “I’m sorry…that was…rude of me. If I can’t find anything at the pub, I’m…not going to have much choice.”
The woman joyfully gave the basket to Sara. “That’ll be one shilling.”
“What?” Sara said in disbelief.
“Here!” Leon said, handing over a triangular piece of silver.
Kissing and waving the coin around, the Orlok cackled as she turned invisible and scampered away.
Sara and Leon continued on until finally reaching Neila’s Pub.
Inside it was just like any other pub, a very large one with Vesuvians.
“Stay close,” Leon said, trying to make his way to the bar.
Everyone was drinking, laughing, or in the middle of making fun of themselves.
Sara spotted a half-mutated Vesuvian. Everything seemed fine, except that his nose and lower jaw were like that of a bat. Straining for several seconds, the bat parts became normal, and with a single hiccup, he sprouted bat ears.
In an open area were two brawny females, sweating and stumbling. Each carried a three-hundred-pound stone and struggled to cross the finish line a few dozen feet away.
“Those girls are from the House of Remia, right?” Sara asked.
“Yup,” answered Leon. “What gave it away, the muscles or the deep voice?”
Knowing that House Remia had incredible strength, Sara was confused. “They’re having an awful lot of trouble with those rocks.”
One suddenly dropped her stone and tripped over it.
Sara tried not to laugh. “Looks like alcohol is really bad for you.”
Leon caught a man about to fall and helped him into a nearby chair. “Yeah, and using up blood is one of the only ways of getting rid of it.”
The bartender was a provocatively dressed woman with spiky red hair.
“Neila!” Leon called.
Handing a drink to a patron, Neila came over. “My favorite customer, what can I do for you?”
Leon was about to explain when two other men began to fight.
“Okay, you’re done!” Neila said, her eyes turning blood red.
The fighters immediately stopped, writhing in agony for a moment before they began vomiting their alcoholic blood, and then falling to the floor half unconscious.
Leon turned to Sara. “That’s the other way of getting rid of it.”
Neila’s eyes returned to normal. She grabbed two blood marbles from behind the counter and made them float over to the men.
Both men ate the blood marbles and got back up as though they had just crawled out of bed.
Neila gestured to the exit with her thumb. “You can come back when you learn to behave,” she said, then turning to Leon. “Who’s your friend?”
“I’m Sara,” she answered, shaking hands with Neila.
“What kind of food do you have here?” Leon asked.
Neila had a puzzled look on her face as she stared at Leon for several seconds. “Leon, I don’t serve food. How many humans do you think I get?”
“I was just asking,” Leon said, “Besides, I couldn’t think of anywhere else.”
Neila grabbed a drink for another customer. “No one is going to have anything.”
“Neila, please help us out here,” Leon pleaded.
Sara lowered her head and leaned against the bar. “I’m gonna die.”
“There’s only one thing I can think of,” Neila said. “Have you seen the river a few blocks north of here? You can catch fish, can’t you?”
“Yes!” Leon said. “Thanks, Neila. I owe you.”
“You can repay me by telling Caycee she better return my ring!” Neila demanded. “It was her. I know it.”
“She stole your blood ring?” Leon asked. 
“It took forever to make, and besides that, I just used up a good bit of blood making those drunks stop.”
Leon stepped away. “No problem,” he said. “Thing is, she’s with the Khothu right now.”
“Just tell her when you see her,” Neila said. “I need that ring.”
Outside, Sara was practically dragging Leon by the arm. “It’s this way, right?”
They followed a trail between some buildings that led down to the river.
Sara dropped the basket with the rat and cradled her growling stomach. “Fishing rod…” she said, realizing she didn’t have one.
“Give me one second,” Leon said. He waded hip-deep into the water. For almost a minute he stood completely motionless before rapidly snatching four fish right out of the river.
Standing behind Sara, Chris and Delia laughed.
“What are you doing, Leon?” asked Chris.
“I’m getting some food for our friend here,” Leon answered.
Delia cringed. “Yuck! You’re actually going to eat that?”
“Yeah,” Sara said defensively.
“I’ve got to see this,” Chris said.
Delia whined. “Chris, that’s gross!”
“I’m gonna cook it, of course,” said Sara.
Leon walked by. “If you kids want a lesson in culture, follow us.”
Back at the house, while Leon prepped the fireplace, Chris and Delia watched Sara use a dagger to cut the heads off the fish.
“Is it a ritual to behead them?” Delia asked.
“You could call it that,” Sara said. “It’s more of a common practice to not eat the head.”
Delia covered her eyes as Sara began filleting the fish. Chris was transfixed by the whole thing.
Leon dumped some blood glaives off a metal tray and grabbed tongs to give to Sara.
Sara wiped the tray and set it in the fire. She used the tongs to handle the fish until it was done. Not waiting for the other fish, she wasted no time tearing off a piece and putting it in her mouth.
The savory moment was awkwardly cut short as Sara turned to see Chris and Delia staring at her with wide-eyed shock.
CHAPTER THREE

Gillan stepped through some brush to emerge from the forest. “What a beautiful morning!” he said, looking up at the clear sky.
Caycee was right behind him. “Beautiful? I’ve never been so hot,” she said, pulling her hood back.
The sound of the ocean could be heard.
“Hey, you’re like Leon,” Gillan said realizing Caycee wasn't affected by the sun.
“Not really,” Caycee said, wiping sweat from her neck, and then parting the top of her blouse to show Gillan the necklace she wore. “Since you're my friend, I’ll tell you. I took this from a Turin, but not just any Turin. It belongs to Marus, a member of the Vesuvian Council. With this beauty, I can withstand the sun for a short while. This ring lets me use less blood, so I can be in the sun even longer.”
“Why did you steal‘em?” Gillan asked.
“I didn’t steal,” Caycee declared. “I borrowed it, just in case. Gillan, please don’t say anything. If anyone asks, tell them I’m a very powerful Vesuvian.”
Gillan shrugged. “I didn’t see anything,” he said, then nodding towards the edge of a nearby drop-off.
Caycee walked over, unprepared for the amazing view she saw: a city in and around an enormous bay. In the middle was a large central island, surrounded by four smaller ones. The elevated land on one side of the bay was lined with cliff dwellings.
Strips of earth interconnected the islands and the mainland with each other like a bridge. The heavily populated mainland itself had a system of rivers and channels with boats transporting people everywhere.
Buildings seemed as though they had sprouted from the ground, as well as the thick, skyscraper pillars of rock that flanked the bay’s narrow entrance. 
“This is Tiamat, the grandest city in our land,” Gillan said. “It may look natural, but believe me, it’s a hundred percent Khothu-made.”
Near a mountain next to the bay, wyverns flew about. Many of them carried Khothu with distinct yellow scales. One swooped down, waving at Gillan and Caycee as he glided by.
Gillan waved back. “Perak!”
“Hi!” Caycee said, waving as well.
After pushing through some more brush, both came to a wall of earth twenty feet high that encompassed the entire bay, making it impossible to go any further.
A guard peeked over and, with the wave of his hand, a section of the wall rapidly melted into the earth.
Caycee gawked at the display of power. “Not much need for technology, is there?”
“I'll show you around,” Gillan said. “But we have to find Melkor.”
“Welcome back,” the guard said.
“Green scales. Cool powers. You’re a Komodo, right?” Caycee asked.
The guard held one hand out toward a torch and made the flame jump to his palm. “I do have a hint of Typhon from my mother’s side.”
“Do you know a lot about our castes?” Gillan asked.
“Not really,” Caycee answered. “I can tell you apart, though. Your blue scales mean you’re a Leviathan. That Perak guy is a Draco, and Khothu with red scales are Typhon.”
“Not bad, but keep your eyes open, `cause it’s getting a little harder nowadays,” Gillan said.
Walking at a fast pace to keep up with Gillan, Caycee’s head darted back and forth to see what was happening. Some of the Khothu greeted her and others simply ignored her.
At a kiosk surrounded by children of all castes, a Komodo used his abilities to turn blocks of clay into small figures.
Gillan approached him. “Excuse me. Have you seen Melkor?” he asked.
“Sorry,” the toy man replied.
Continuing down the street, three Typhon females were putting on a display of fire, spraying it from small openings in the wrist just under the hand.
One of the Typhon women made a series of rings with a wyvern flying through them.
Another had seven balls of fire darting around, changing colors.
The last female created what looked like a large lump of fire in the sky. It then opened up like a hand, and grew even larger, appearing to the people on the ground as though it were coming down to grab someone. The adults laughed as their children screamed in terror.
Caycee tugged on Gillan’s shirt. “Why is it called ‘spit’ if it comes out the hand?”
“It’s nasty,” Gillan explained. “It sticks to everything, even water, and they can make it so hot you can’t breathe.”
Caycee cringed a little. “That does sound nasty.”
Perak suddenly landed his wyvern in the middle of the street and hopped off shouting. “Well, if it isn’t Mr. Grand Champion!”
“Have you seen Melkor?” Gillan asked. “It’s really important.”
“I saw him on East Island,” Perak said, looking around. “Where’s Kamala?”
“She…didn’t make it,” Gillan answered.
“No way!” Perak said, stunned. “Not Kamala.”
“Don’t say anything,” Gillan pleaded. “Melkor has to know, and I have to be the one to tell him.”
Perak wiped his tear before it could run down his face.
“She was like a sister to both of us,” Gillan said. “I'll tell you everything, but right now I need a really big favor.”
“Name it,” said Perak.
“It won't be easy, but I need to see the Chiefs,” Gillan said, “Just tell them it involves the Pelasgians. I’ll be there shortly.”
“I’m sure they’ll want to see you,” Perak said. He turned back, taking a few steps towards his wyvern before stopping. “I can't believe she didn't make it. Good luck with Melkor.”
“Thanks,” Gillan said, hurrying with Caycee down to a small boat anchored at the shoreline.
The owner was a Leviathan. “Where can I take you?” he asked.
“East Island,” Gillan said, as he and Caycee jumped in.
Using his ability to control water, the Leviathan made the boat take off. Within minutes they reached the island. It was teeming with people moving between kiosks.
Caycee couldn’t take five steps without bumping into someone.
“Is Melkor around?” Gillan asked numerous times. A tall, muscular Komodo male suddenly grabbed him by the arm.
“Looking for me?” he asked.
Gillan turned. “Melkor!”
“Still jumpy as ever,” Melkor laughed. “How did everything go?”
Gillan stood frozen with nervousness.
“Hello,” Caycee said. “You’re bigger than I thought, but it makes sense Kamala would marry a strapping man like yourself.”
Melkor laughed more. “Yes, but I must say I’m the lucky one.”
Gillan’s voice trembled. “We…uh…ran into serious trouble, in the Shadow Realm. There were so many of them.”
It didn’t sink in at first, though Melkor’s joyful face slowly turned to one of uncertainty. “Where’s my wife?” he demanded.
“She...she didn’t make it!” Gillan answered, covering his face with his hands. “I’m sorry. There was nothing we could do for her.”
Melkor suddenly cried out in anguish, shoving Gillan hard to the ground and encapsulating him from the neck down with dirt.
The amount of earth on Gillan was so much he could hardly breathe.
“Hey, it’s not his fault!” Caycee said.
In a fit of rage, Melkor upended the ground at Caycee's feet, throwing her to the ground. Several Khothu immediately tackled him.
“No!” Melkor cried. The ground trembled as he struggled with all his might to break free until he had nothing left but tears. He fell to his knees.
Caycee quickly began digging to free Gillan until another Komodo easily unearthed him.
“You okay?” Caycee asked.
Gillan gasped for air. “Yeah...I'll be fine.”
It was difficult for Melkor to speak as he sobbed. “Forgive me, Gillan. Kamala...”
After catching his breath, Gillan got up with Caycee’s help. He knelt beside the powerful Komodo.
Gillan’s mouth slightly opened with an overwhelming need to say something, anything, but it all seemed so trivial.
It was Caycee who spoke. “Kamala wanted you to know that she loves you very much.”
Tears fell down Melkor's face. “I'm sorry. I lost control.”
“It's okay,” Caycee assured him. “I can sense your pain. Kamala is an incredible woman. You should have seen the way she fought. She was very brave. Before we left, she asked that you finish reading The Tale of Fyodor to Kemik.”
Melkor smiled. “His favorite story,” he said. “She read that to him every night.”
“Caycee's right,” Gillan said. “You would have been so proud of Kamala.”
Melkor sank his fingers into the ground. “The Pelasgians. I will avenge my wife. No matter what.”
CHAPTER FOUR

Thousands of dead Rheans and live Fenrir tepidly moved through a Netherworld forest. Countless ravens perched on the lifeless trees.
Stig was leading the way for Kamala, Darek, Hurok, Rona, and Doradus.
“Oy, know what I heard back in town?” Darek asked. “Buncha folks around here have taken to callin' themselves Inferi.”
Kamala didn’t think much of it. “Sounds like something an Anubian would come up with.”
Stig laughed. “No one actually knows who or how that came about. It started ages ago. Lately, it seems more and more hop on every day. “I may be dead, but I'm still a Fenrir.”
Darek swung his sword around. “How did we get stuck with scouting? Just because we're new to this being dead thing doesn’t mean we can’t be in the thick of it.”
“Will you relax?” Kamala said. “There's no front line. On top of that, we're not scouting. Arloff needs us to skirmish with the Pelasgian rear guard.”
“Yeah,” Darek said, “Cause enough of a ruckus that we get the lot of them chasing us back to him, hopefully.”
“It doesn’t get much thicker than that,” Kamala said. “Unless the Pelasgians decide to smash the city, and we have to run in after them.”
“Speaking of which,” Darek said, continuing to swing his sword. “Does it have a name? The city everyone’s running off to.”
“Hasn't been given a name yet,” Stig answered. “Lilith conjured it several days ago. It's her biggest one yet.”
Hurok ran up beside Kamala. “What are these black birds doing here?”
“Someone said they were animals of Rhea,” Kamala answered. “Or something like that.”
“Yes,” Stig said. “They were your food, your pets, anything large and small. These birds are Lilith's eyes and ears. They've been watching everything ever since the invasion.”
A Fenrir in wolf form came running from a group further ahead and stopped in front of Hurok.
“What is it?” Hurok asked.
“There’s a small ridge,” the Fenrir pointed out. “You can see the Pelasgians from there.” 
Everyone approaching the ridge had to drop down on their belly and crawl to get a peek.
Kamala was worried when she saw how close the Pelasgians were. “It looks like they forgot to post sentries.”
“Careful, it may be a trap,” Doradus whispered.
“Maybe,” said Rona. “But if it's not, that means we have the element of surprise.”
“Then I say we hit them now and plow straight through the middle,” Doradus said, “I bet we can take out half of them before they realize what’s happening.”
Rona hit Doradus' arm. “Idiot, in case you forgot, some of us are still alive.”
“It only hurts the first time,” Doradus grinned.
Rona then rolled her eyes. “If you and the dead want to go charging in, be my guest.”
“Since when are you scared?” Doradus asked.
“Oh, I'm not scared,” Rona said.
Annoyed, Hurok covered his ears. “Will you two halfwits please stop thinking? We’re to skirmish with them, nothing more.”
Kamala looked back. “I’m not so sure about that, Hurok,” she said, seeing an army of Prometheans.
Arloff crawled next to Kamala. “Change in strategy,” he said. “We’re going to hit them now.”
“Why the change?” Kamala asked.
“Even if we got half of them away from here there’s still more coming through a portal near the camp.,” Arloff said, “Lilith didn't think so many would be pouring in.”
Kamala gawked at the Pelasgian camp. “So what, we just do what Doradus said and charge in?”
“Yes, but no matter what, do not get captured,” Arloff said, “If you are captured, do whatever it takes to get right back here into the fight.”
The ravens among them suddenly took off, almost blacking out the entire sky. They flew low, squawking and pecking at the Pelasgians.
Badly distracted as they were, very few of the Pelasgians even noticed the ground slightly trembling, with the call to arms coming just as the Rheans and Fenrir began to slash through them.
 Arloff punched a Corinthian with such force that it sent him crashing into several others like a cannonball.
A Cyclops eager for a challenge, growled as he ran full speed at Arloff. Both, locked hands in a display of strength, with Arloff losing some ground from the impact.
Everyone around them knew well enough to keep a distance and stay out of it.
Arloff pushed hard, appearing to have the upper hand as his opponent fell to one knee.
Knowing that he wasn't going to win, the Cyclops freed one of his hands and socked Arloff in the gut. As the Promethean buckled, the Cyclops twisted his other hand as he pulled and flipped Arloff over on his back.
The ground trembled with dirt and rocks shooting in all directions.
Arloff quickly turned over and got on one knee, catching a punch from the Cyclops in one hand and grabbing him by the buckle. In a burst of energy, he easily stood back up while tossing the large, one-eyed creature to crush a few Pelasgians.
When the Cyclops tried to get up, Arloff jumped on him and snapped his neck with both hands.
Kamala chopped a Satyr down with her battle-axes before noticing that Darek was having some trouble with a Corinthian.
Darek swung his sword clumsily, missing the target and stumbling forward. The Corinthian slashed him across the back. And though Darek felt no pain, it was still unsettling. He barely managed to block the next attack that sent him down on his rump.
Kamala threw one of her axes, striking the Corinthian in the back. She ran to help Darek up. “Not too handy with the sword, are you?” she asked.
“Bugger,” Darek said. “Never used one, actually. Never had to. I sure fancy my final form.”
“Yeah, I miss my bag of tricks, too,” Kamala said, failing to see an Eriny toss a black ball of slime that turned itself into a net ensnaring her and Darek.
“Oy! What’s this?” Darek cried, struggling to break free.
Before Kamala could think of what to do, the Eriny hauled her and Darek into the air.
Hanging underneath the creature, Kamala could see the battle raging below, and several others who'd been caught similarly. She still had one ax, but it was pinned in such a way that she could do nothing. With her free hand, she pulled at the net, which didn't give much at all.
The Eriny flew fast, approaching a rocky field ahead.
“Where's he taking us?” Darek asked. His arms were free of the net, but it was still difficult to move.
Kamala looked in the direction they were flying and saw a Pelasgian portal open. “Darek, do you have your sword?” she asked.
Darek was almost afraid to answer. “Yeah…”
“Cut the net, or kill this thing!” Kamala said.
“Are you mad? Do you know how high we are?” Darek asked.
“Do it now!” Kamala yelled.
Darek swung his sword, slashing the Eriny across his midsection and causing him to let go.
Screaming in terror as they fell, Kamala and Darek landed on a huge slab of rock, breaking almost every bone in their bodies. For several moments neither moved.
Darek opened his eyes. “Kamala?” he called, barely able to turn his head.
Kamala's body lay just a few feet away. Her eyes were open with a blank stare, and she wasn’t moving at all.
Darek became scared. “Kamala?” he whispered. There wasn't much he could do, being paralyzed from the neck down, and his fear turned to panic with the sound of footsteps approaching.
“I hope that never happens again,” Kamala said, shaking her head in a daze.
“Thank goodness!” Darek cried in joy, turning his head to see her standing as if she'd just rolled around in the dirt. “Kamala, I'm in trouble. I can’t move. Be a lass and help me, please.”
Kamala kicked around some of the rocks before picking up a hefty one and kneeling beside Darek. “Close your eyes.”
Terror filled Darek's body. “Why? What are you doing?” he asked.
“Helping you,” Kamala said, raising the stone above her head.
Darek screamed. “No!”
Like a hammer, Kamala brought the stone down, crushing Darek's skull. She ran back in the direction she came from, searching around the boulders until she found Darek squirming out of the ground, laughing hysterically.
“I'm alive!” Darek shouted, before remembering otherwise. “Or...close enough, I suppose.”
“Good as new.” Kamala winked.
Darek brushed some dirt off and looked across the valley where the battle was taking place. “Between you and me, do you think we can win this?”
“We don't have a choice,” Kamala answered. “But it sure would be a lot easier if we were alive.”
CHAPTER FIVE

As Nedim and Janah trekked the sand dunes of Hegira, a constant gust of wind and sand pelted them from the side. Both were wrapped from head to toe in robes.
Janah smacked Nedim on the arm. “We should have reached the city by now!” she yelled.
Struggling with each step, Nedim reached over and pulled Janah close. “Siriso can’t be far. If it weren’t for this sandstorm.”
“This is unbelievable,” Janah complained. “The one time we run out of water, we get hit with this. We should have brought kalecs with us, at least then we wouldn’t have to walk.”
“It’s not that bad,” Nedim said.
“Not that bad?” Janah said, leaning into Nedim. “When was the last storm you were in?”
“A few months ago,” Nedim answered. “I was with a group of new trainees coming in from the north. Now that was a storm.”
When they reached the top of a dune they could see the enormous, triangular silhouette of Siriso filling the horizon.
Dismayed, Janah fell to her knees scowling. “This is going to take forever.”
Nedim grabbed Janah’s arm. “An hour…and a half,” he said, pulling her up. “Maybe.”
“Sure…” Janah said, before quickly falling to her knees again.
Nedim raised his hand above his head and formed a protective sphere of energy around them. “I can’t hold this for long, so listen. You’re just tired, Janah. You need to gather your wits. That’s not some mirage out there. It’s Siriso. What will people think when they hear you died within reach of the city?”
Janah only thought about it for a few seconds before quickly getting back to her feet.
“You can do this,” Nedim said. “Before you know it, we'll be inside the city.”
Janah clasped her robes tightly around her body. “Just keep going. I’m right behind you.”
Trudging onward, they eventually came to one of the great doors of Siriso. A hundred feet high and wide, there was no moving it by force.
Spotting Nedim and Janah, a keen-eyed Persian guard signaled from his high post to several Anubians standing below on the other side.
One of the Anubians placed his hand on a star-shaped glyph on the wall and charged it with energy, causing the door to slowly slide open.
Nedim and Janah ran through into a long, dark corridor lit by torches.
Two Persians ran up and handed over canteens of water. One, Kadir, had a muscular build with the skin of a tiger, while the other, Talik, resembled a black panther.
“Kadir, Talik. Thank you,” Nedim said.
Janah leaned against a wall, drinking as much as she could.
“You two went out to Vesuvia, right?” Kadir asked.
Nedim took a quick drink before answering. “Yes.”
“Congratulations,” Talik said. “You must have been successful. Vesuvian emissaries left not long ago and we haven’t had any undead trying to pass through here for almost a week.”
Nedim wiped his chin. “I'm sorry to say we weren't.”
“What do you mean?” Janah snapped. “You know the alliance is going to be reformed. Lilith is probably gathering her forces, and by tomorrow we’ll have the Vesuvians, the Fenrir, and the Khothu in our front line ready to kick the living daylights out of those wretched Pelasgians!”
Janah threw her canteen and stormed off further into the city.
“I want to marry her,” Kadir whispered.
Nedim handed the canteen back. “Typical,” he said, before moving on. Exiting the corridor, he looked around as he stretched his slender arms and legs.
Though it was midday, inside Siriso it may as well have been midnight. The only source of light within its closed walls came from torches.
The city sounded busy enough with people chattering, animals whining, and construction going on.
“Good day,” a merchant said as he passed by, pushing his cart of bread down the street.
“To you as well,” Nedim said. “If only it looked that way.”
A low humming sound kicked in as a streak of daylight pierced through Siriso’s large crystal cap. Slowly, huge sections of the city’s walls began to open, letting in more of the sun’s brilliant rays. After almost a minute it looked like large square sections had been carved out of the walls.
Outside, all was calm.
Nedim could now see some of the multiple tiers and support structures, as well as Anubians and Persians mingling about. Looking to his side, he was startled to find Janah standing right next to him chewing some bread.
“Figures,” Janah said flatly.
Nedim sighed. “I’m going to the Palace. Are you coming?”
“Yes,” Janah answered. “But I’m just going to be nosy. If the Vesuvians were here, then something big is going on.”
“Don’t get your hopes up,” Nedim said, “They come here as much as the others. You just don’t see or hear of them because it’s usually at nighttime.”
A loud squawk in the distance could be heard as two Khothu on wyverns flew through an opening in the city’s wall, and landed in a wide-open area surrounded by shops.
Janah watched as the Khothu set their store up. “I wonder what they’re selling this time.”
“Probably the usual,” Nedim said. “Overpriced items you’ve never heard of that you’ll never need…like those things that float around.”
Janah clasped her hands. “Oh, I love those!”
Nearby was a corral with several kalecs, a desert creature similar to a two-humped camel, but with a broader head and longer hair.
Janah took Nedim’s canteen. “You get the rides. I’ll be right back,” she said, running off to an oasis.
There were lots of people at the corral. It took Nedim a minute before he found the rancher. “Excuse me. Do you loan these out?”
The rancher held two fingers up. “Yes, two silver coins.”
At the oasis, Janah filled both canteens with water before running back.
“Go easy on this one,” Nedim said, passing the reins of a kalec to Janah.
It was a relaxing ride as they strolled through the almost empty streets. People walking on foot mostly used the upper tiers to get where they were going.
The Palace was located at the center of Siriso. It had a step design with outside gardens on every level. None of the tiers connected with it, only a few surrounding support beams for the ceiling of the city.
Nedim and Janah dismounted from their kalecs and found an Anubian woman and a Persian male talking in a garden on one of the lower steps. Like most Anubians, the woman was tall and slender, dressed in wrappings of cloth and gold jewelry.
Janah hardly looked at them as she sat on a bench. “Hello, Amarna, Sayar.”
Amarna bowed. “Welcome back.”
The Persian, Sayar, resembled a half-human half-lion. He stared disappointedly at Janah.
“Greetings,” Nedim said, bowing. “We heard of the Vesuvian emissaries. I can assume you know what happened.”
“Yes,” Sayar said suddenly. “You should have told us about it before accepting the quest. We must be careful when dealing with the other races.”
Janah smiled. “We didn't accept anything. We volunteered.”
“You've got a smart mouth,” Sayar snickered.
“It was I who volunteered us,” Nedim said, “I'm sure we can all agree that considering we-”
“It was necessary,” Amarna interrupted. “Time is another factor to consider, a luxury we don’t have.”
“Everyone has to gather their forces,” Sayar said. “It may take a few days. Tomorrow we'll submit our battle plans to the others so we can coordinate our attacks. Both of you are to continue your current task.”
Janah threw her hands out. “But we're done!”
“You're done when I say you're done!” Sayar snarled.
Amarna handed a letter to Nedim. “The Vesuvians have also informed us that Pelasgians have been sighted in Rhea.”
“What?” Janah said in disbelief. “Why would they come back to Rhea?”
Sayar crouched down in front of Janah. “Your guess is as good as any. Maybe it’s me, but you sound scared.”
Feeling slighted, Janah said nothing as she stood and walked away.
“Have they abandoned their invasion of the Netherworld?” Nedim asked.
“Maybe,” Amarna answered. “Our scouts there have reported that the Pelasgians are gathering, either to leave or attack their last city.”
“Their last city,” Nedim said bleakly. “What about the humans?”
Amarna shook her head. “The letter states it was near their cities the Pelasgians were seen. New Haven may be able to withstand the assault, but I fear the other two don't stand a chance.”
CHAPTER SIX

Under an increasingly cloudy sky, Arthur hacked away at some branches as he pushed his way through a dense section of the forest. Thomas, Richard, Jacob, and William followed in-line behind him.
When they came to a small stream, Arthur crouched down, paying close attention to the surroundings as his team gathered around him.
Thomas picked up a pebble and tossed it into the water. “With all due respect, I don't believe you needed to resign your post. I could have led this assignment.”
Keeping his eyes on the thicket ahead, Arthur whispered. “I don't doubt your ability. Maybe one day you'll be a Preceptor and understand.”
“Boring would be the word,” Thomas said, speaking as he would anywhere else. “I can't believe the Marshal allowed it, not with the fine job you did on Sara.”
Arthur looked hard at Thomas for a moment before concentrating back on the forest. “You know, you talk an awful lot, and loudly, too. As far as Sara is concerned, she can take better care of herself more than most men I know.”
Richard sniffed the air. “Is it me, or does it smell kind of odd?”
Jacob inhaled deeply and almost choked. “What is that, brimstone?”
“Pelasgians,” Arthur said, staring in the direction the smell was coming from.
“Wow,” William said, with a hint of sarcasm. “How many are there?”
Arthur wasn’t amused. “Shut up, nitwit. Vesuvians said it could be a sign. Tread carefully now.”
Moving as quietly as possible, they soon discovered a small Pelasgian camp. Three Corinthians, two Centaurs, a Minotaur, and a Satyr were either cooking or sharpening their blades.
Arthur looked back at William. “We're outnumbered, so somebody is going to show off. Let's see if you're as fast as your wits. Nail one, then turn back the way we came.”
As William equipped his bow, the rest of the squad fell back, staggering themselves as they hid in trees and bushes.
After waiting a short time, William aimed and fired. The arrow struck a Centaur dead in the chest and alerted the camp.
William stood, giving his position away. “I'm so good it's pitiful!” he shouted, before taking off like a frightened gazelle.
The Pelasgians roared after William.
Running through the bush, a Corinthian at the rear didn't know what hit him when Jacob slit his throat from behind with a dagger.
Richard waited for the last moment to spring a simple tripwire made of vine, and the timing couldn't have been better as the last two Corinthians fell flat on their stomachs. He jumped out and used his equinox to impale the one with no armor in the back. The other Corinthian tackled him and both wrestled on the ground for a brief moment, until Richard managed to free one hand and use a talon to stab his foe through the eye.
Thomas watched from a tree as William dashed by, with the Minotaur in hot pursuit followed by the Satyr. When the Centaur came by, he jumped down landing on the back, and snapped the Pelasgian's neck with his hands.
When Arthur spotted William, he grew concerned seeing the Minotaur and the Satyr.
As Arthur jumped out from around a tree swinging his equinox, the Satyr was nimble enough to avoid it with only a cut to the arm.
Grunting in anger, the Satyr lunged with his spear.
Arthur was barely able to dodge the attack as he spun and thrust his equinox into the creature's chest.
William glanced back and found the Minotaur too close for comfort. There was no way he could fire off another shot. He grabbed his halo and spun around, swinging the weapon in a downward arc, but the Minotaur caught his wrist and easily tossed him aside.
Landing with a thud, William scrambled backward on his hands and feet as the Minotaur closed in for the kill.
“No!” Arthur cried, as he leaped through the air and slammed both of his talons into the back of the Minotaur's neck, impaling it several times until the creature fell over dead.
The rest of the men quickly caught up as William got back to his feet.
“Are you okay?” Thomas asked. “I thought I heard you scream.”
Arthur was a little winded, and his chest was covered in blood. “Yeah, I thought the boy here was about to steal my kill.”
William laughed, grateful for the rescue. Though at the same time, he hid his face pretending to scratch it. He was embarrassed at not being able to take on the Minotaur. “Thanks, Arthur. I owe you one.”
Richard sniffed the air. “Oh man, I know we just killed some but, the smell is a lot stronger now. The main camp must be close.”
“That's not good at all,” Jacob said worriedly. “New Haven isn't two hours away.”
Thomas blew his nose to try clearing the smell. “We should go back and report this.”
Arthur didn’t think long about it. “No, we have to find the camp. That’s why there are five of us. Once we locate the main force, we need to send a constant flow of information to our people.”
“I strongly disagree,” Thomas said, harsh in his tone. “This camp was probably a forward lookout. If the Pelasgians don't hear from them soon, they'll know something is wrong. We should have just gone around it!”
“There's no time,” Arthur said. “We'll deal with any scouts we come across. William, go to New Haven and report what happened. On your way back, one of us will meet you halfway. Okay?”
“You got it,” William said as he ran off.
Richard moved ahead. “I'll take point.”
Arthur turned to Jacob. “Bring up the rear. Thomas, you cover the left.”
The men swiftly and silently hustled between trees and bushes.
It wasn't long before Richard picked up a very strong scent of Pelasgians. He peeked through some bushes as he waited for the rest of the team. What he couldn't see or smell, he could hear, and it sounded like a huge gathering of wild animals.
Arthur slowly crept up from behind. “Pelasgians?” he asked.
“Yeah, probably,” Richard answered. “It's hard to make out anything. There's no way we're getting any closer without being spotted.”
“What choice do we have?” Arthur asked.
Richard looked around. “I've done some patrols out here. There should be high ground that way,” he pointed.
The thickly wooded forest hid the men perfectly. From their vantage point, they could see the area was swarming with Pelasgians.
The source of the dark clouds came from hundreds of terrosaurs throughout the camp. They were enormous four-legged creatures veiled in black smoke. Crystal-like spikes protruding their skin burned off at a tremendous rate from exposure to the sun. Their long necks and much of their skin were armor-plated, as was the ball at the end of a whip-like tail that was nearly the length of their body.
“Unbelievable,” Thomas said. “How big do you think this army is?”
“I don't think I can count that high,” Jacob replied. “But those oversized lizards are going to be a handful. How on earth are we supposed to deal with that?”
The camp began to burst with a lot of activity.
Arthur could see the Pelasgians falling into formation to begin their march. “They're on the move.”
“There's only one place they can be going,” said Richard.
CHAPTER SEVEN

“I think that's enough for today,” Leon said, opening the door to let Chris and Delia out.
“Bye, see ya later!” Chris hollered, as he ran out.
“Later,” Sara said.
Delia looked back nervously at Sara. As the door began to close, she quickly turned and darted past Leon, running up to Sara. “Can I be a Ranger?”
“Delia!” Leon said, flustered.
Sara was speechless. Somewhere between the time she'd eaten the fish and told her story of how she arrived in Vesuvia, Delia had become fascinated with her.
“Sure, why not?” Sara finally answered.
Delia jumped back delighted.
Sara winked. “When you get older, come see me when you're ready.”
Leon grinned. “Hey, Delia, I dare you to ask your parents that.”
“Don't be mean,” Sara laughed. “Okay, Delia, I'll see you later.”
“Bye,” Delia said, running outside.
Leon closed the door. “Kids…”
Sara relaxed back on the couch. “I was kind of wondering why you don't have one.”
Leon sat next to Sara, leaning back to rest his head and closing his eyes.
“You don't like them, do you?” Sara asked.
“I like kids,” Leon said. “It's just...I don't know. I never had a desire for them, I guess.”
“So you don't plan on having any?” Sara asked.
“I'm not saying it won't happen,” Leon answered, “I'd be lying if I said I never thought of what it'd be like.”
Sara leaned in slightly. “Girlfriends?”
“I've had a few, but...” Leon said.
“But what?” Sara asked straightening up.
Leon opened his eyes, looking at Sara. “You know silly things. Like my lineage. Never fails. It always gets in the way, with the parents at least, a lot of old-fashioned statues.”
“That's a problem with humans too, sometimes,” Sara said. “I can only imagine what that means for a Vesuvian.”
Leon closed his eyes again. “Well, it's the least of my problems.”
Sara stretched her arms and legs before standing. “Let's go to the promenade. We've got a few hours before I have to report back to New Haven.”
Leon was not nearly as physically tired as he was mentally, all from dealing with the Vesuvian children. He got up lazily, holding his hand out for Sara to lead the way. 
The short stroll through Leon's yard took them to a street packed with people coming in and out of stores. The only way Sara could tell what they sold was by an advertisement or a display in the window. Many of them sold clothing or trinkets, but one that caught her eye was selling goblets.
“Let's check those out!” Sara said.
Made from clay, wood, glass, or metal, there was a wide selection to choose from. Some were plainer than others, but the nice ones were elaborately enameled and jeweled.
Sara picked one up made of wood. It had a red tinge and was carved to look like a person holding a large bowl across his back.
The shopkeeper moved around the counter, closer to his valuable customers. “Our soldiers are a great part of the good life we live today.”
“I like the symbolism,” Sara said, placing the goblet down.
“Check this out,” Leon said, handing over a gaudy one that was all black, shiny, and decorated with onyx stones.
Sara was amazed at the craftsmanship. “Now, this looks expensive!”
“Not really,” the shopkeeper said. “That one in your hand there is just a regular chalice. The one you were just holding was enchanted by a Remia elder. A sip from that goblet and you'll have the speed and strength of ten men.”
“Doesn't have to be blood either,” Leon added. “It can be anything from alcohol to water.”
Sara looked around, imagining what many goblets were capable of. “I didn't know you could do that.”
Leon picked another goblet up. “Only a handful of these do anything. It takes a very powerful Vesuvian a lot of time. That's why they're pretty expensive.”
“Guess I better start saving my money,” Sara said.
The shopkeeper laughed.
“Maybe I’ll start a collection,” Leon said. “Let’s go see what else is going on.”
Leaving the shop, Leon and Sara went two blocks down the street where a small crowd of people watched a man painting on a large canvas. 
The landscape painting was at nighttime with two cliffs opposite each other, overlooking a valley filled with trees.
Sara was hit with a sense of déjà vu. “Why do I get the impression that's a perfect image of a real place?”
“It's just outside Vesuvia,” Leon said.
The painter examined his work for a moment before looking at Leon and Sara and then drawing a vague depiction of a man standing at the edge of one cliff, and of a woman at the other. With that, he turned and bowed to polite applause from the crowd.
Suddenly, every Vesuvian stopped talking and froze in place.
Sara was bemused. “What is it? What's wrong?”
Leon answered in a trance. “Pelasgians. The northeast. There's a portal.”
“Here, now?” Sara asked.
As quickly as it happened, Leon snapped back to reality with the rest. “Sorry about that. I have to go.”
Sara followed Leon. “That's some trick you got there.”
“It was the Kanara,” Leon said. He stopped a Remia soldier passing by. “Hey, I need a favor. Please watch her until I get back.”
“Get lost!” the Remia soldier said.
Sara felt the same. “Forget that! I'm coming with.”
“No,” Leon said. “I'm not taking any chances. Stay here. I'll be right back for you.”
Before Sara could argue, Leon was gone. With his Vesuvian speed, he reached the outskirts of the city in no time.
There were several Turin and Liro gathered at one end of the street staring down a group of Pelasgians opposite them.
“Leon,” Marus called. “You're just in time.”
“What are we up against?” Leon asked.
Marus looked down the street. “It's rather odd. There are a few dozen just beyond the lookout. The portal closed a second ago, so it doesn't look like a major attack. Could be a probe, but that's suicide. Too bad for them.”
Leon unsheathed his sword. “I'll hold the line here if you want to blindside them.”
“I wouldn't have it any other way,” Marus said. All at once, he and his Turin melded with the earth.
Throughout the city, the streets were quickly becoming deserted.
Sara wandered around trying to find her way back to Leon's house. “This is ridiculous.”
A man covered from head to toe in a robe approached from behind. “You must be Sara,” he said.
Sara turned, a bit startled. “You Turin really need to lighten up.”
“Leon sent for you,” the man said. “Please, come with me.”
“Good,” Sara said, following along. “I don't know why Leon is so protective. He knows I can handle myself.”
At the outskirts of the city, a Minotaur riled up the Pelasgians with a loud roar and sent them charging down the street.
Leon and the Liros calmly waited.
When the Pelasgians were about halfway, the Turin burst from the ground swinging short swords and staffs tipped with sharp metal.
Many Pelasgians were cut down before they could react. The air was quickly filled with spurts of blood and limbs.
Leon and the Liros ran in to join the fray.
Sara was growing anxious. “Can't we take one of those towers? The war is gonna be over by the time we get there.”
From across the street, a Doran woman noticed Sara with the stranger and knew something was wrong. “Hey, human, who is that?”
Sara stopped with some confusion. When the stranger tried to grab her, she punched him in the face, knocking his hood back and revealing a man with no hair whatsoever and skin that was white as snow with red patches.
Another Vesuvian in the street instantly knew what the man was. “A Koiga!”
Before Sara could do anything else, the Koiga threw a sleeping powder at her face that instantly put her out.
Hoisting Sara over his shoulder, the Koiga took off running.
Vesuvians gave chase when they realized what was happening.
But the Koiga was impossible to catch. He repeatedly teleported several yards down the street as he ran, covering a lot of distance within seconds.
Even a man from the House of Remia had trouble keeping up.
Leon and Marus had made short work of the Pelasgians.
The ground was littered with bodies.
“That was a little too easy,” Marus said, before noticing that Leon was in the middle of receiving a telepathic message from the Kanara.
“The Koiga took Sara,” Leon said as he came to. Looking at the dead Pelasgians, he realized, “This was a distraction.”
Marus was perplexed. “Why would the Koiga help the Pelasgians?”
“Never mind that,” Leon said. “Why would they take Sara?”
“There's only one place they would take her,” Marus said.
“I know!” Leon said walking towards the city.
“Want help?” Marus asked.
Leon looked back, waving a finger before running off in the blink of an eye.
“No need to beg!” Marus said poking at a dead Pelasgian with his staff. The sound of another portal opening got his attention, and he didn't have to look to know it was a big one.
CHAPTER EIGHT

On the mainland, Melkor's house was part of a large complex forged into the ground. Aside from the children, it was a quiet area strictly for homes.
Inside, Gillan and Caycee waited as Melkor came down a flight of stairs.
“How’s Kemik?” asked Gillan.
“He's a strong kid,” Melkor answered.
Caycee reached out with her abilities to sense Kemik's feelings. “He's so sad, but…he'll be fine. He has Kamala's courage and your sense of honor.”
Melkor nodded with satisfaction. “Thank you,” he said. “Gillan, I'm afraid I can't go with you to see the Chiefs. I must stay here with my son.”
“We understand,” Gillan said. “We'll check back with you when we're done. Right now, we need to get to Central fast.”
“Wait, did you hear about the Pelasgians seen in Rhea?” Melkor asked.
Gillan thought he felt his heart stop. “No, this is the first I've heard of it. The only ones we saw were in the Shadow Realm.”
“The Vesuvians informed us, but all they said of you and Kamala was that you had gone with several others,” Melkor said.
Caycee’s head began slowly moving around as if she were slightly dazed and confused. “Then the Chiefs already know everything.”
“You may still have to see them,” said Melkor. “Just as a formality. At least now you know they know.”
“Thanks for the heads up,” Gillan said. He then noticed Caycee staring blankly ahead. “What's wrong?”
“I'm not sure,” Caycee answered. “I just got this bad feeling, like I need to get far away.”
“Why?” Gillan asked.
Caycee held her head in frustration. “I don't know. It could be anything. Maybe there's gonna be an attack on the city, or maybe there's someplace I need to be.”
“Rest assured,” Melkor said. “Any attack on this city will be met with severe retaliation.”
“Don't worry,” said Gillan. “You're safe here.”
Caycee glanced around in paranoia. “I wish I felt that way.”
Gillan lightly tapped Caycee's back. “Just relax, okay? Let’s see the Chiefs. I think we’ve kept them waiting long enough.”
With a Leviathan controlling the water, the trip to Central Island was short. Compared to the housing complex, the smaller meeting hall at the promenade was noisy and packed with people. Simply trying to stick together was a chore for Gillan and Caycee.
They eventually found the Chiefs waiting in the main chamber.
Gillan greeted them, placing his fists together close to his chest and slightly bowing. “Thank you for coming. I'd like you to meet Caycee,” he said. “Caycee, meet the Chiefs. Jesca, Varak, Nasia and Salacia. Each of them represents a different caste.”
Jesca had yellow scales, Varak; brown, Nasia; red, and Salacia; blue.
“Welcome,” Jesca said. “I would tell you to enjoy your stay, however, minutes ago the Draco spotted an army of Pelasgians advancing on the city.”
“I knew it,” Caycee whispered, fidgeting nervously.
Nasia bowed to Gillan. “Forgive me for making a hasty departure. The Typhon must be ready for battle. Speak quickly.”
“Yes, ma'am,” Gillan said. “I was unaware of the Vesuvians who came earlier, so I'm sure by now you've all heard of Kamala.”
“About Kamala-” Varak began to say.
“I accept full responsibility,” Gillan said.
The Chiefs looked at one another for a moment.
“Take care,” Jesca said taking a bow and leaving with Nasia.
“You don't want to carry that,” Varak said. “Kamala's loss is tragic, but she knew the risks. I respect that you came here to bear the burden.”
“Thank you, Varak,” said Gillan.
 Salacia placed her hands on Gillan's cheeks. “Being good friends with Kamala isn't the only reason she took you along. She saw it in you. You care more for others than you do for yourself. You take responsibility. Those are powerful traits of a leader. Now, all you have to do is learn how to deal with it.”
Gillan felt some comfort, but couldn't hold back the tears that fell with the thought of Kamala.
Salacia bowed slightly to Caycee. “It was nice to meet you,” she said. Two Leviathan warriors quickly escorted her out as Tiamat's warning horns began blaring.
When Gillan and Caycee exited the building, they noticed black clouds rolling in like a bad storm.
Perak landed with his wyvern in front of them. “Gillan, we've got Erinyes and griffins coming in. It doesn't look like they're worried about the defenses. Any words of wisdom?”
“They may look crazy, but they’re not stupid,” Gillan answered. “Watch each other.”
Perak smiled mischievously. “Yeah, watch carefully. Do you remember that little maneuver the Draco practice from time to time?”
Gillan’s jaw dropped. “You’re actually going to try that?”
“Fight well!” Perak said as he took off. “It’s gonna be a party.”
Caycee held her head as collage-like visions of the fight ahead flashed in her mind. “I hope you guys are as powerful as I’ve heard.”
Gillan watched as the Khothu around him began scrambling in preparation for the attack. “Me too,” he said.
Thousands of Dracos gathered at a nearby grouping of mountains with huge swaths that appeared to have been carved out of the sides.
“Form up!” Perak ordered.
A female Draco landed next to Perak. “Sir, the distraction teams are already on their way.”
“Good, I’ll make this quick then,” Perak said, moving his wyvern to the front. “A lot of us never thought we’d live to see this day, but it’s what we trained for. It looks like we have our work cut out for us, so use the wind to pick your targets. And remember, we stay airborne until we've won, or we’re lying on our backs dead. Now let's fly!”
Within a minute, the sky was filled with wyverns and their riders climbing higher and higher.
In the fading visibility, Perak could see the distraction teams engaged with the Pelasgians. He pulled out a pair of retracted chain whips, a dual-purpose weapon that could serve as a short sword or a whip with razor-sharp sections of blades.
Leaning off his wyvern, Perak went headfirst into free fall.
With their ability to manipulate the air, the Draco had a great degree of control as they fell. Their exposed arms and legs along the openings of their attire had small, wing-like appendages they could extend to guide themselves.
Rapidly closing in on a Corinthian and his griffin, Perak righted himself up and unfurled his chain whips. Colliding feet first, he knocked the Corinthian off and snared the griffin's wings with his whips as he clutched the underside of the creature.
The griffin squawked and spun wildly trying to buck Perak, but this only caused more pain as the whips cut into it.
With a strong push off his feet, Perak tore the griffin's wings off and went back into freefall. He instantly spotted a pair of Erinyes in his path. At the speed he was going, his whips easily ripped their heads off.
Perak's wyvern swooped in for him to land on.
Making a rapid ascent through all the madness in the sky, Perak looked down, picked a target, and dove again into the mayhem.
CHAPTER NINE

Between kills, Kamala would catch a glimpse of people being taken away by Pelasgians. At one point it was just gut-wrenching.
Darek caught a Corinthian trying to get the drop on Kamala. “Behind you!” he cried.
As the Corinthian was about to toss a slime net, Hurok quickly tackled him and tore the Pelasgian up with his claws.
“This isn’t going well,” Kamala said. “We have to find Arloff.”
Hurok was bewildered. “In all this?” he asked.
Darek stabbed a Corinthian. “As big as he is. Can't be too hard to find.”
Hacking and slashing through some Pelasgians, Kamala spotted Arloff at a distance, punching and stomping anything in his way. She screamed his name, but there was no way he was going to hear her over all the screaming and weapons whacking away at armor.
Several Centaurs and Satyrs caught both of Arloff's arms in slime nets. They wrangled for a few seconds before Arloff, becoming angrier than he already was, spun wildly, taking the Pelasgians for a ride that sent them crashing through the crowd.
Kamala narrowly dodged a Corinthian's sword. She swung her axes in turn, one smacking against the shield, the other finding the enemy's shoulder.
Darek was knocked down from behind. He rolled over to see a Satyr pin him to the ground with a spear through his midsection.
As the Satyr moved on, an Eriny landed and grabbed Darek to carry him away.
Hurok jumped up in the nick of time, slashing the Eriny's wing off. When the Pelasgian hit the ground, Stig, Rona, and Doradus quickly hacked him up.
Darek pulled the spear out and picked up a sword. When he saw Kamala nearby fighting with a Minotaur, he ran up swinging his sword up into the creature's stomach.
“Thanks,” Kamala said, before seeing a Corinthian too late as he lopped off Darek's head.
Hurok jumped forward, slashing the Corinthian's sword hand off with his claws.
Again, Stig, Rona, and Doradus closed in to finish the Pelasgian off.
Hurok picked Darek's head up.
“He'll be fine,” Kamala said.
Arloff was now a little further away.
Unable to reach the Promethean, Kamala threw her ax and struck Arloff directly in the chest, finally getting his attention.
Arloff pulled the ax out and saw Kamala jumping up and down. He battered everyone out of his way until he was standing in front of Kamala. “What?” he asked.
“We need to regroup,” Kamala said. “At this rate, everyone is gonna be taken.”
Arloff laughed. “Are you crazy?” he asked, grabbing a Satyr about to attack and squeezing him to death. “It’s impossible. They’re pressing us too hard.”
An arrow struck Kamala from behind in the shoulder, though she hardly reacted. “Don’t we have backup?”
“If we did, they’d be in the city,” Arloff answered, pulling the arrow out.
Kamala was about to speak when she noticed Lilith standing next to them.
Several Prometheans, including Elsa and Lugos, formed a circle around them for protection.
Kamala couldn’t believe Lilith would take such a risk. “How did...never mind. It's dangerous here. You could be taken.”
“Not a chance in this world,” Lilith smirked. “I'm quite safe. It's you who are in danger, and that's why I'm here. A little birdie told me you have some ideas to win this.”
“Not sure,” Kamala said. “Maybe we can save what’s left of us.”
“No,” Lilith snapped. “This is it. This is our last line of defense. If we lose here, we're finished.”
Kamala's mind ran a million miles, thinking of what to do. “We have to gather everyone we can and retreat to the ridge over there. Arloff, no matter what, we hold that line. Hurok, take all the Fenrir. Fall back and circle around to the Pelasgian portal. No one gets through. Lilith, what do you have in the city?”
A portal opened next to the group. “This way,” Lilith said, stepping through.
“Elsa, Lugos,” Arloff called. “Do as Kamala said. This battle ends today.”
Arloff and Kamala entered the portal and emerged on a high platform overlooking a massive town square filled with people.
Lilith grabbed Kamala and pointed to the crowd. “This is my army or most of it. I need you and Arloff to take these people and destroy the Pelasgians outside the city.”
Kamala felt like a ton of bricks landed on her. “No sweat.”
“What’s wrong?” asked Lilith.
“Sorry for saying this,” Kamala said. “But this isn't an army. I mean there's hardly any organization here.”
Lilith was halfway offended. “Oh, I’m so sorry,” she said with a hint of sarcasm. “No one told me about an all-powerful, intergalactic, superbeing that could open portals and assimilate entire worlds.”
Kamala was baffled. “Inter…what?”
Lilith chided almost like an uptight aristocrat. “Small mind…”
Arloff could hear the battle outside the city. “Maybe if we could see what's happening, we can come up with a counterattack.”
“Easy,” Lilith said, with a small-scale, phantom image of the battle appearing in front of them. “It's a top-down view of the fight. Our people are the red ones; the Pelasgians are blue.”
Kamala closely examined the image.
“The line at the ridge is holding well,” Arloff commented. “The Fenrir need to move faster.”
“Give them a minute,” Kamala said. “They'll flank any moment. If only we could surround the Pelasgians.”
Arloff tapped Kamala on the shoulder. “Portals?”
“Yes!” Kamala said. “We can use them to get in a perfect position. Send reinforcements to the Fenrir. We need to blockade the Pelasgian portal.”
“Who flanks?” Arloff asked.
Kamala pointed to a spot on the image. “You flank from here. I'll take whoever is left and hit the center.”
Arloff cracked his knuckles. “This is going to be fun.”
“Are we ready?” asked Lilith.
“Wait,” Kamala said. “I should address the people first. They need to know what’s about to happen.”
Lilith held her hand out, inviting Kamala to the fore of the platform. The sight of the throng below was intimidating.
“Will they be able to hear me?” Kamala asked, noticing that her voice boomed like an echo in a valley.
Everyone below stopped and looked up.
Kamala waited a moment, thinking of her son before speaking. “We believed we would find peace in death. And some say we have no future. Now, as awful as it may seem, we face an enemy that is determined to consign us to a horrible fate. And that means we have only one option, fight.”
The crowd screamed with enthusiasm.
Kamala continued. “But this fight isn't just about our freedom. The fate of our legacy, in Rhea, depends on us. To lose this fight seals theirs.”
On the platform, even Lilith could feel the electric vibe coming from the people.
“We will have peace!” Kamala declared. “That is our future. And today, we go forth to ensure that of both worlds.”
The roar from the people reached a fever pitch.
“Very inspiring,” Lilith said.
Kamala stepped back. “Let's hurry. We’re not giving the Pelasgians a chance to escape.”
“I'm counting on you,” Lilith said, as Kamala and Arloff stepped through separate portals.
Kamala emerged near the city's gate. In front of her was the army she had riled up. Behind her, the entire wall quickly disappeared into the ground.
The Pelasgians were not far, and Arloff was already closing in.
Kamala pulled her weapons out and looked back at her eager army before running fearlessly headlong toward the enemy.
No one thought twice about following Kamala's bold lead. The collision between both armies was a visceral mash of skin and steel.
From her platform, Lilith could hardly watch as it was now out of her hands and in those of her people.
CHAPTER TEN

“Doesn't look like we're going back to Vesuvia anytime soon, does it?” Janah asked. She and Nedim were standing in a crenel, watching a massive Pelasgian army march towards them.
Nedim rubbed his eyes. “I'm sure Sayar would be thrilled to hear that.”
“Hey, it's not my fault he's cranky all the time,” Janah said.
Nedim stood stoic and then cracked a small smile. It was all he could do to keep himself from laughing.
“What?” Janah asked.
“We're staring death in the face,” Nedim replied. “And all I could think just now was that, yes, he is cranky.”
Janah waved her hand in Nedim's face to get his attention. “You're okay, right? Don't lose it now.”
“I'm fine,” Nedim said. “My apologies. I have doubts. In our time, we've never faced a threat such as this. All we've known is peace, and I fear we may not be prepared to turn the tide this time.”
Janah ran her hand across the wall. “I need to study our history more. I mean, I read what happened in battle, but I didn't see anything as far as our cities were concerned.”
“From what I read, our cities were spared,” Nedim said. “After losing contact with the Prometheans, we linked up with the Fenrir south of Tiamat and reinforced the Khothu there. Two days later, the three of us swung back to Vesuvia and drove the Pelasgians out of Rhea.”
“You don't suppose they plan on breaking through our walls, do you?” Janah asked. “I mean, why like this? They could have snuck in at night with a portal inside the city.”
“I suspect it is the same reason Lilith doesn't open portals haphazardly,” Nedim answered. “I'm fairly certain that Pelasgian creature is limited to what she can see.”
Janah scratched her neck and laughed. “Yeah, that would be funny if their whole army marched into a bottomless pit by accident.”
A Persian soldier passing by stopped. “You two might want to step back. We're locking down the city.”
Nedim and Janah went down to the street to join an army being led by Sayar.
As the walls closed, thousands of torches were lit. The only openings to the outside were small crenels and passages leading to walkways along the wall, where hundreds of Anubians took cover behind a second set of crenels and began firing upon the Pelasgians.
Sayar handed Nedim two armlets. “Good, you're both here.”
“Wait, you're actually going to fight?” Janah asked.
“No!” Sayar said. “I'll be at the Palace. You're to remain here and help the Third Dune defend the southwestern wall. Nedim, you have rank and experience so I'm promoting you to Baivara of Wind Four.”
“It would be an honor.” Nedim bowed.
Sayar looked at Janah and seemed as though he was about to say something before slowly shaking his head and leaving.
Nedim slipped one of the armlets on. “Janah, if things go wrong I'm going to need someone I can count on. If I may, I would like to appoint you as my Hazara.”
With a face beaming like she'd won a fortune, Janah crossed her arms. “I'll take it!”
“Thank you,” Nedim said, handing over the second armlet. “Now, let's assume the worst and plan accordingly.”
Janah immediately put the armlet on. “I'm not really one for planning. I think a good tactic is to kill them as soon as we see them.”
“No...no,” Nedim said, stroking his chin. “Once the Pelasgians are inside, there will be little to stop them, unless we barricade the streets and keep them in bottlenecks.”
Janah narrowed her eyes. “Are you asking what I think you're asking?”
Nedim nodded, “Unless you can think of a better way to keep the Pelasgians from rolling over us, I see no other choice.”
“I thought you'd go with the tried and true method of bait and kill,” Janah said.
“Out in the open I would,” Nedim said. “But inside the city, I don't want to risk being overwhelmed and cornered.”
Janah looked at her soldiers with confidence. “No worries, we can handle it. If the Pelasgians we fought in the Shadow Realm are anything to go by, it shouldn't be too bad.”
“Thanks,” Nedim said, walking around to see the layout of the area. “I know I am asking a lot of the Persians but, if it works, it should stop the Pelasgians dead in their tracks.”
“Just make sure you aim high,” said Janah.
At that moment, a loud explosion from outside shook the city wall.
Janah cringed. “What was that?”
“Wait here!” Nedim said running towards the sound.
“Hey!” Janah yelled.
On the second tier outside, several Anubians were still getting back up when Nedim arrived. As some of the dust settled, he could see Vela preparing to fire another large ball of energy.
“I shot a few at her,” an Anubian covered in blood and dust said. “But she's way too fast. She dodges them like nothing, and up here we don't have much room to maneuver.”
When Vela fired, Nedim immediately took aim and shot an energy blast to intercept it. The explosion threw up a torrent of sand.
For a few seconds, it was hard to see anything.
Nedim never saw a volley of three smaller energy balls until it was too late. One killed an Anubian as the others hit the wall to his side and below him. The blasts were strong enough that Nedim was thrown back through the passageway.
“And you call me hasty,” Janah said, grabbing Nedim's arm and pulling him inside.
Nedim nearly coughed a lung up as he stood. “They've got a Myrmidon out there.”
“That's...not good,” Janah said, concerned. “At least we came up with a plan that'll work, right?”
The wall was rocked by another explosion.
Nedim grabbed Janah by the hand and ran down the stairs to his group of warriors. “Fall back two streets,” he ordered.
The Hegirans rapidly moved with discipline. Almost as soon as they were in place, a large section of the wall suddenly collapsed.
Seconds later, another blast could be heard further down. Under Vela's onslaught, the Anubians outside began to close the passageways as they retreated.
“Persians,” Janah called. “Pelasgians are outside the city. Any moment now they will be upon us. Our task is to barricade them here at all costs. Kill many, and kill quickly.”
A quick, sharp growl in unison was the Persian soldiers' way of showing they understood.
The Anubians spread themselves out on the city's second and third tiers along the roofs and open spaces overlooking the streets below.
“One line,” Nedim ordered. “We have Hegirans down there counting on us. Now focus!”
After several explosions blew more holes in the wall, the ominous sound of marching could be heard.
“Stay steady,” Janah said.
As the Pelasgians poured into Siriso, they immediately ran at the waiting Persians.
“Take aim,” Nedim commanded, watching as the Pelasgians came within a block of the barricade below, and giving the order, “Fire!”
A hail of yellow energy balls tore into the Pelasgians, slowing them down enough for the Persians to withstand the brunt of the charge. But as effective as it was, the full weight of the Pelasgian army was pressed against the Persians within moments and it became a pushing contest with shields, spears, and swords.
“At the barricade, the barricade,” Nedim yelled, telling his men where to concentrate their fire.
Several Pelasgians took aim and unleashed a barrage of arrows.
Nedim quickly took cover behind the ledge, though some of his men were hit. He stood up to continue shooting, and almost instantly, an arrow struck him in the hand.
Falling back into cover, Nedim cradled his hand. When he felt the pain of trying to pull the arrow out, he instead took aim at the Pelasgians and fired an energy blast. The arrow in his hand disintegrated, leaving nothing but a small bloody hole.
Janah ran up to the third tier and found Nedim wrapping his wound.
“How is the barricade holding?” Nedim asked.
“It's holding for now,” Janah answered. “I wasn't expecting this kind of pressure.”
“What are you doing up here?” Nedim asked.
“Bad news,” Janah said, “I saw a green glow in the distance. When I came up to the second tier to see what it was...well, have a look for yourself.”
They went over to the opposite side of the walkway where they had a view of Siriso.
Throughout the city, numerous yellow plumes from explosions were erupting, and from those, the silhouettes of Erinyes and griffins could be seen.
Nedim sat with his back against the ledge. “This is going to be a long night.”
CHAPTER ELEVEN

Nibiru sat motionless on his throne, admiring the night sky through one of the large openings in the roof. The insignificant light from the tiny stars entranced him, but when a perennially eclipsed sun came into view, his eyes ever so slightly twitched.
The moment was disturbed when Marduk opened the doors and casually strolled in.
“Marduk, what news do you bring?” Nibiru asked.
“Rhea is under siege,” Marduk said. “Reinforcements are awaiting your command.”
“Assessment?” Nibiru asked.
“There's some good news, and a bit of bad,” Marduk said, “Which would you like to begin with?”
Nibiru walked to a giant balcony with only a rail to keep one from going over. At a mile high, he peered down along the city's stacked, multi-ring-shaped structure. “Give me the good news,” he said.
“We've breached the Hegiran city, Siriso,” Marduk began. “The fighting is back and forth right now, but that should change soon. At Vesuvia, the battle is going according to plan. I expect it will fall within a month. And our armies are closing in on the human cities.”
Nibiru leaned against the rail. “The bad?”
“The humans' smaller cities should be easy,” Marduk continued. “But the bigger one, New Haven, may pose a challenge. It's along the coastline and appears to be well-fortified with thick walls and several towers. It may be a week before we take it. At Tiamat, we're suffering heavy losses. If something doesn't change by the day’s end, we may need to send one or two waves of reinforcements with the new weapons we are making. And, our army in the Netherworld is-”
“Lost,” Nibiru calmly said.
Marduk said nothing for a moment, afraid of speaking out of place. “The army may yet survive. But it simply won't be able to accomplish the campaign. I was going to recommend either sending reinforcements or attempt to pull them out immediately.”
Thinking, Nibiru returned to his throne and went back to his stargazing. “No need, really. It was a fool's errand. A simple miscalculation. The Netherworld nulls my Shadow Seed somehow.”
Marduk shifted with concern and said nothing as his eyes darted back and forth at the floor. 
“You may speak freely,” Nibiru said. “It's not every day I have a conversation with another. Tell me what you are thinking.”
Marduk chose his next words carefully. “I feel it prudent to remind you that we've never abandoned an army before. We have never lost.”
Nibiru almost laughed. “True, but they can be easily replaced. There's been a change in plan, so don't think of it as abandonment, or losing. I never planned on their returning anyway.”
“Very well,” Marduk said. “If I may, what is the change in plan?”
“Same as last time,” Nibiru said, “Terrorize, murder, raze. You know, the usual.”
Marduk was disappointed. “I see. All in the name of one man.”
Nibiru couldn't hold his laughter this time. “Are you jealous?”
“I'm not jealous,” Marduk said. “But I fail to see the logic of...”
“Of what?” asked Nibiru.
Marduk lowered his head. “Nothing,” he whispered.
Nibiru stood, placing his hands on Marduk's shoulders. “Do you remember the last time you saw a sunrise or sunset?”
Marduk looked up at the eclipse. “Vaguely.”
“Don't you want to see that again? Don't you want to be able to stand and bask in the sunlight again?” Nibiru asked.
Slowly stepping away, Marduk's demeanor suddenly turned to anger. “I despise him more than anything.”
“Oh my,” Nibiru said curiously. “Come now, you shouldn't let your feelings get the better of you. If all goes well, Leon will be your brother and we shall be one step closer to immortality.”
“I don't believe he's worth it,” said Marduk. “Forgive me for saying, but Leon has made this much more trouble than is necessary. Valuable time and resources have been wasted, no thanks to him. Surely there must be other worlds.”
Nibiru rolled his eyes dismissively. “Time and resources are two things we have plenty of, and I can assure you that Leon is quite unique. You, of all people, should know that, having seen the wonders of the universe I have shown you.”
“Of course,” Marduk said, giving up any further argument. “I stand ready for your next command.”
Nibiru waved his hand in the direction of the doors, causing them to open. “Have the armies at Siriso and New Haven withdraw before sunrise and head to Vesuvia.”
Marduk headed for the door. “It shall be done.”
“As for Tiamat,” Nibiru said. “Tell the army there to retreat outside the city in a short while. I have something special in mind.”
Marduk stopped. “Special?”
Nibiru smirked. “The Khothu are long overdue for their introduction to the Caidoz.”
Marduk was confused, “I thought the Caidoz wouldn't cooperate.”
“They'll cooperate,” said Nibiru. “I just have to give them the right push.”
Marduk turned to leave before pausing again.
“Is there anything else?” Nibiru asked.
“Eris,” Marduk replied. “I could execute your commands more efficiently if she didn't keep running off. I fear she's a liability.”
Nibiru rested against the throne. “As long as she opens the portals as needed, she may do as she pleases. She knows the futility of resisting me. If there is any discord, I will deal with it. That is all. Leave me.”
“As you wish,” Marduk said, then exiting the room.
After watching the eclipse disappear from view, Nibiru stepped out to the exposed, inner section of the city.
On every tier, hundreds of Pelasgian women and children were hard at work on siege weapons. Among them were shackled prisoners from the Netherworld being forced to help.
Nibiru shook his head with some disappointment before teleporting, bursting into small streaks of black liquid that quickly dissipated. In an instant, he arrived at a cavern so big the ceiling could not be seen.
Magma permeated much of the rock. Stalactites, stalagmites, and columns were plenty, and the ground was littered with glowing crystals.
Nibiru could see a large waterfall feeding a river that disappeared around a bend and into the shadows. There was a sudden strong gust of wind that blew against him for a brief moment.
The distraction did not fool Nibiru. He quickly turned, dodging a six-foot staff that had dual-headed ax blades on both ends.
The man welding the staff was donned in gothic-style armor and a helmet that covered most of his head.
Nibiru dashed backward for some distance. “Nice try, Bilar. You didn't think that was really going to work, did you?”
With a burst of wind at his back, Bilar leaped forward, swinging his weapon.
Nibiru evaded and quickly materialized his sword out of thin air. He countered, impaling Bilar through the chest before grabbing him by the neck and tossing him to a nearby woman.
“Rovgi, what a pleasure,” Nibiru said, bowing in a show of courtliness.
Unharmed, Bilar got back up ready to attack until Rovgi stopped him.
Nibiru discarded his sword. “Not the welcome I was expecting. Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't there twelve of you? I distinctly remember the little tussle we had last we met.”
Bilar hit the ground with his staff, and in a flash of flame, an eruption of dirt, a splash of water, and a gale of air, the rest of the Caidoz emerged, surrounding Nibiru.
Like Bilar and Rovgi, the others wore similar clothing with armor and a form-fitting helmet. Their appearance was humanoid, but various parts of them resembled an animal. This was especially true of their heads.
The males had semblances of a ram, hawk, lion, horse, and eagle. The females looked like a bizarre mix of a bull, crab, scorpion, goat, and fish.
Nibiru held his arms out and slowly turned. “That's more like it.”
“Why are you here?” Rovgi asked.
“To get what I want,” Nibiru answered. “I require your assistance in dealing with the Khothu. An inferior species that possess abilities you may appreciate.”
“We have no quarrel with the Khothu or anyone else for that matter,” Rovgi said.
Nibiru held up his hand with the thumb and pointer finger close together, “All I need is for you to throw a tiny scare into them.”
“No!” Rovgi declared.
Nibiru placed his hands behind him. “I'm not exactly asking you.”
Rovgi grabbed the hilt of her sword. “We exist only to serve the balance of power in the cosmos. Everything has its place. Even you.”
“Quite right,” said Nibiru. “And I intend to reclaim mine. In fact, you should think of me as an uncle of sorts.”
“We know what you are,” Bilar said.
Nibiru held his hand out. “Then you know what I'm capable of,” he said. A small shadow seed formed, floating above his palm with inky black streaks swirling around it.
The Caidoz stepped back.
“You do not have the power to kill us,” Rovgi said.
“True,” Nibiru grinned. “But I can always erase your power and make a slave of you.”
CHAPTER TWELVE

Night had fallen.
The Koiga fortress was in and around a large hill near the shoreline. It looked like a series of buildings stacked or piled together to make a much bigger one.
Dozens of people were moving goods to and from the docks. All of them appeared similar to each other with white skin and little to no hair. Their bodies were covered in red, black, or yellow patches.
Hiding in a tree, Leon watched the guards carefully, looking for a way in when a raven suddenly landed on a branch next to him.
The bird made no sound as it watched the fort.
Leon was positive the raven belonged to Lilith.
But if Lilith wanted something, it would have to wait. He could smell Sara's sweet blood coming from the fort.
Without warning, the raven took off straight for a pile of grain bags being unloaded near the front gate. Cawing furiously like it was on fire, it pecked at the food feverishly.
Several Koiga yelled and tried shooing it away, but the bird was feisty. It wasn’t until several teleported hands swat the raven, that it flew away.
The Koiga laughed, but after a short moment, a flock of around a dozen came back with a vengeance, tearing at the bags and heckling the men.
It was Leon's chance to run across the clearing, which was easy due to his speed and the time of day. The hard part was the wall. He couldn't simply jump it, not without knowing what was on the other side.
With the Koiga still preoccupied with the ravens, Leon quickly scaled the wall as easily as a spider. Once over, he jumped behind some crates and narrowly avoided being seen by a passing guard.
The Koiga outside went on about their business as the ravens finally dispersed.
Blackness filled Leon's eyes as he activated his enhanced Liro senses. And while he couldn't exactly see through walls, he could detect someone or something, around the next corner.
Leon quietly entered a large tower with several Koiga drinking and bickering over a card game. There was no way to walk by without being seen. Sticking to the shadows, he leaped up to a wooden beam that crossed the room. On the opposite side, he crawled up through a window and jumped to another section of the fortress.
The fortress didn't have many hallways. It was more like one room leading to another and so forth. This made it easy for Leon to avoid detection, as he could hide in the dark corners or along the ceiling.
In one room, Leon made it halfway through when he suddenly had to make a mad dash for cover between two wooden horses.
A Koiga seven years old ran in.
It was then Leon saw that he was in a children's play area. He tensed up. His hiding spot was in the shadow, but a direct look would be enough.
The kid rummaged through a box until finding the toy bird he was looking for. He flew it around for a second before noticing that something wasn't right and glanced at the wooden horses.
Leon waved his hand placing the kid in a trance before running out of the room.
A moment later the boy came to. He looked around confused, remembering nothing of the last few seconds.
Outside, Leon scaled walls and dashed across rooftops to the largest part of the fortress. He entered on a balcony overlooking the floor below.
Several Koiga were laughing over dinner. Even Leon's squeaking and creaking of the floorboards were ignored as those of other guards along the balcony.
Hiding in an alcove, there was no way Leon could move on without being noticed by a guard ahead. Already burning blood with his enhanced senses, he didn’t want to place another person under a trance, especially an adult. Left with little choice, he pulled out two daggers and quietly assassinated the guard.
A Koiga who heard the scuffle looked only to find darkness.
When the coast was clear, Leon scurried down a flight of stairs. At the bottom was a narrow hallway with only one decent hiding spot between a door and a corner.
A lazy guard at the opposite end never even felt the blood glaive slit his throat.
Leon hid the body and went down another flight of steps to a circular pit-shaped arena outside.
Pillars lined the perimeter of the training area. Equipment such as wooden staffs and rubber balls were strewn about.
Sara lay bound and unconscious in the middle of the room.
Crouching behind a pillar, Leon examined the area and was a bit surprised when he sensed several Koiga lying in ambush. With no reason to hide anymore, he walked over to Sara and paused as she came to.
A small smile crossed Sara's face when she saw her friend. “Leon...” she whispered.
Catching a whiff of Sara's scent, Leon unsheathed his sword and plunged it into her heart.
Sara cried out, coughing up blood as her skin pulsated and shifted, turning color to reveal a yellow Koiga.
A black Koiga said as he emerged from his hiding spot at the opposite end of the room. “We've been waiting for you, Leon.”
“Where's the girl?” Leon asked.
“Oh, she's not here. Not anymore,” the Koiga said. “But now that you're here, I must ask you to surrender.”
“I just want the girl,” Leon said. “Give her to me, or I kill all of you.”
With the snap of a finger, several fists shot out of nowhere, bashing Leon across the body.
It was difficult to block or counter a half dozen moving body parts that would disappear and reappear.
Leon grabbed the next hand coming after him and pulled, immediately impaling the red Koiga that came through.
With lighting speed, Leon dodged several fists and stabbed an incoming foot, holding it in place as the attacker screamed in pain.
A blood glaive flew off Leon, finding the foot's owner and lodging itself into his head.
Leon caught the black Koiga trying to get the drop on him from behind. He swung his sword and hit the Koiga's arm, but it was like striking granite.
The black patches acted like an automatic defense mechanism, instantly flowing across the skin and hardening into plates of armor.
A boot kicked Leon in the back of the knee, making him buckle and giving the black Koiga a chance to punch him with a rock-hard fist.
Leon recovered quickly and ran full speed around the pillars, slashing the last red Koiga across the stomach.
Another blood glaive leapt off Leon and went after the black Koiga, only to shatter on contact.
Leon attacked with his sword as fast as he could, but the patches did their job well.
The black Koiga stood there laughing.
Frustrated beyond belief, Leon stopped, picked the Koiga up with one hand, and threw him violently into one of the pillars, the impact achieving what his blade couldn't.
Alarm bells began to rouse the rest of the fortress.
Looking at the yellow Koiga, sadness overcame Leon as he realized he might never see Sara again.
The same raven from earlier flew into the arena, landing a short distance in front of Leon to get his attention.
As an orange portal flared into existence, the raven cawed and flew through.
Leon didn't want to go. He stood there for a moment afraid of maybe leaving Sara behind, but that gut feeling he rarely got kicked in.
The portal vanished as several Koiga entered the arena, only to find dead soldiers.
In the Netherworld, Leon was in a lavish room with windows on all sides, and two sets of large opulent doors sitting opposite each other. The view outside gave him the impression that the room was suspended or hanging in midair amongst the clouds. 
Lilith walked in, with a table and two chairs sprouting in the middle of the room. Taking a seat, she invited Leon to join her.
“Been watching me lately?” Leon asked as he sat.
“I've always had an eye on you,” Lilith answered. “But aside from that, I hear you're looking for someone.”
“I would say that's a good guess,” Leon said.
Lilith made another chair emerge from the floor. “There's not much that gets by me. Leon, right now most of my people are fighting the Pelasgians. Rhea is in danger of being wiped out, and you're chasing after a human girl.”
Leon folded his arms. “I'm sure most of Rhea can handle itself.”
“Is she really worth it?” asked Lilith. “Others may not see it, but I do. You have feelings for Sara.”
“Maybe I do,” Leon admitted. “It's amazing how strong she is despite her frailness. Makes me wish she was a Vesuvian, but then I don't think I would like her as much.”
Lilith stared at the empty chair. “Do you trust me?”
It was an odd question until the doors behind Leon opened and Eris entered.
As soon as Leon could raise his sword, Lilith paralyzed him from the neck down. “What are you doing?” he asked.
“I need you to listen,” Lilith said.
Leon struggled hard to free himself. “We can't trust her!”
“Please,” Lilith begged. “I am asking you to trust me, and hear what she has to say.”
Leon could only think of how close he came to killing Eris and failing. Now here she was again, and there was nothing he could do. “Fine,” he said, before hearing a female’s voice inside his head.
“My name is Eris,” she said telepathically.
Lilith released her hold on Leon when she sensed him calming down.
“What do you want?” Leon asked.
Eris slowly moved closer to Lilith, making sure to keep her distance from Leon. “As Nibiru's quest has been one of seeking immortality, mine has been to find that which will destroy him.”
Leon sat back down. “And you know what that is?”
“Yes, you know what I speak of,” Eris said.
“I wish I had the same confidence,” Leon said. “What makes you so sure?”
Eris stood behind Lilith, not trusting of Leon. “One is easily betrayed by his emotions. And it seems Nibiru is no different. He is blind with desperation. Even now he seeks to manipulate you through your friend.”
“You know where Sara is?” Leon asked.
“I can take you to her,” Eris said. “But you must not confront Nibiru. Not yet.”
“Believe me, I don't plan to,” Leon said.
Eris came out from behind Lilith, taking a step toward Leon. “The time will come when you will have no choice but to face him, and it is then you will be able to save not only Rhea but everyone.”
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Richard led the way through the forest. His comrades were close behind, moving as fast as they could without tiring themselves out. But the long run was beginning to take its toll.
Thomas fell against a tree, vomiting and bringing the group to a halt.
“Are you okay there?” Jacob asked, wiping the sweat from his forehead.
“I'll be fine,” Thomas answered. “I just need a minute.” 
Arthur sat on a broken log. “We could probably walk from here. Richard, how far do we have to go?”
The broken log and two oddly misshapen trees gave Richard a clue where they were. “Two or three minutes, but I don't think it's a good idea to stop or walk. The Pelasgians are probably not far behind.”
“Not far behind?” Thomas said in disbelief. “We've been running ahead of them the whole time.”
“If they have a fast-moving forward element they could be a half-hour away, less even,” Richard said.
Jacob sat next to Arthur. “Do you think William made it back?”
“He better have,” said Arthur. “It's the only way New Haven will be ready.”
Richard took a deep breath. “That smell keeps getting worse. We should move. It's not much further.”
Knowing New Haven wasn't much further made it easier for the men to carry on. When the city finally came into view they got a second wind.
The gate began to open with William on his way out and spotting his incoming friends. “Oh, this can't be good.”
“Thomas,” Arthur called. “You and Jacob report to the Marshal in New Haven. Stock up and regroup.”
“What happened?” William asked.
“Pelasgians are on their way,” Richard said as he ran by. “You may want to brace the gate.”
Inside the city, Thomas and Jacob borrowed a couple of horses from the soldiers and quickly rode off.
“Sound the alarm!” Arthur ordered as he and Richard jogged down the street. 
As several flares were fired off in succession throughout New Haven, thousands of soldiers rushed to defend the wall or prepare siege weapons.
Arthur and Richard entered a pub that had been converted into a makeshift command post. They found some soldiers going over maps of the area with several of his Captains.
One of them, an older man with a scar running down the left side of his face, looked up. “Back so soon?”
Arthur went over to the table. “General Ward, bad news. The Pelasgians are heading this way as we speak.”
“How far,” Ward asked.
Richard came forward. “Half hour, maybe less,” he said.
Ward went back to his map for a moment before addressing his men. “It looks like the fight is coming to us. You all know what to do. Carry on.”
“General, my men and I can help,” Arthur said.
Ward motioned for Arthur and Richard to sit. “Everyone knows you guys know how to fight. Heck, I don't think anyone will argue that pound-for-pound you're the best. But armies fight wars. So, I'd prefer to keep your men in a support capacity.”
Richard wasn’t thrilled with the idea of taking a backseat in the fight. “With all due respect, General, there may not be many of us, but we're much more mobile.”
“I'll keep that in mind,” Ward said, rifling through some papers until finding several sketches of Pelasgians. “Is there anything you can tell me about these guys the Rheans haven't? Anything at all?”
“No,” Arthur answered. “We did locate the main camp and I can assure you that those drawings don't do justice to the actual thing.”
Ward studied the sketches. “I can believe that an invading army threatens our interests here in Rhea, but I have a hard time believing where that army comes from.”
Arthur began to feel precious time ticking by. “We've verified the Shadow Realm does exist. I can’t vouch enough for the person who-”
“Yes, I read Sara's report,” Ward said. “But do you trust the Rheans? Are we sure they are telling us the whole story?”
“Sara thinks so,” Richard answered. “She's spent some time with them, especially the Vesuvians.”
“We can trust them,” said Arthur. “The Rheans have been very forthcoming with requests for information regarding the size and location of their armies, a few of which were already known to us or have been able to verify.”
Ward reclined in his chair, mumbling. “It's a good thing you feel that way.”
Arthur wasn’t sure how to take that. “General?”
Leaning forward, Ward picked up another sketch and studied it. “In Gaia, we received the Consular's letter. Do you know what that letter said?”
“No,” Arthur replied.
Ward laughed. “Neither do I, but whatever it was, it wasn't nearly enough to convey the magnitude of the situation. Had I known! I would have requisitioned...oh, I don't know... maybe forty percent more men and materiel. Then again, I could've dragged every man, woman, and child from Gaia over and it still wouldn't have been enough.”
Arthur knew better than to try and allay Ward.
Richard didn't. “Um...General, I know the situation may seem dire.”
“Do you know the situation?” Ward asked calmly.
Arthur grabbed Richard by the wrist underneath the table, telling him to stop before he could speak anymore.
Ward tossed the sketch and sat back. “A short time ago, a Vesuvian courier arrived. She told me that almost every city in Rhea was under threat of attack. Do you know how massive an army would have to be in order to do that?”
Even Richard had nothing to say.
“As it stands,” Ward continued, “our best hope is that the enemy is spread thin. Otherwise, I'm willing to bet whoever is in charge of the Pelasgians has the muscle to back these numbers up.”
Arthur and Richard waited until they were dismissed by the General to join William at the main gate. As they waited, Thomas and Jacob soon returned and an army rumbled closer.
General Ward was busy barking orders at his men.
Everyone could hear the footsteps of the terrosaurs, and the breaking of the trees they knocked over.
“Get your bows ready,” Arthur said. “Concentrate your fire on any airborne mounts.”
The Pelasgians emerged from the woods, marching at a steady pace. As they came within a hundred yards of New Haven, Erinyes and Corinthian's on their griffins circling above swooped down on the humans defending the wall.
Several dozen soldiers were killed in the initial exchange.
One Corinthian was thrown from his injured griffin to his death on the other side of the wall, and an Eriny was brave enough to try taking on a cadre of soldiers. 
Arthur and his men managed to quickly kill three Corinthians and two of their griffins, with the third griffin landing inside the city and going after some soldiers.
Richard jumped down and landed on the griffin, killing it with his talons to the back of its head.
Archers and catapults stood ready to shoot as the terrosaurs came closer.
“Fire,” Ward cried.
At once, thousands of arrows and dozens of boulders went hurtling through the air. Many Pelasgians were able to protect themselves with their shields, though quite a few were injured or killed.
Most of the boulders crashed through the rank and file, decimating columns of infantry. Only a few of the terrosaurs were hit, with the worst only being staggered a bit before continuing on.
The humans on the wall fought desperately to hold their position. If it wasn't the size and weight of the griffins, it was the Erinyes’ long reach and speed overpowering them.
Arthur and Jacob barely managed to avoid an incoming Eriny that landed between them. As the Pelasgian tried to take off, both men jumped on to hold him down.
The Eriny was strong enough that it began to carry the men with him, until Thomas leaped on as well, causing the creature to spiral and crash.
The surrounding soldiers immediately jumped in and killed the Eriny.
William checked on the soldiers from the wall. “You guys okay?”
“Look out!” Richard cried, shoving William just in time to avoid the end of a terrosaur's tail that came crashing through the wall vertically.
Now on opposite ends of the ruined wall, Richard and William scrambled to get clear of the next hit.
William ran into a tower, as Richard took a shortcut by jumping down into a pile of hay.
The terrosaur took another swing at the wall, knocking down a sizable section.
Arthur and his men regrouped with a company of soldiers falling back to the next street. After the wall took a third hit, the humans found that there was now little between them and the enemy.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

On the outskirts of Vesuvia, the number of Pelasgians appeared endless.
Fighting Turin, like Marus, was like trying to fight a ghost. Fog shrouded his body as it swirled around him. He easily blocked several attacks from a Satyr before stabbing it through the neck.
Vesuvians from all of the Houses were present. It was at times like this Marus was reminded of the disparity in power, even between individuals of the same House.
A Remian five hundred years old, and looked like an Olympic athlete, easily disarmed and killed a Satyr and two Centaurs within three seconds before going after a Cyclops.
Another Remian, just over a hundred years of age, was thrown to the ground by a Corinthian and killed with a stab to the heart.
It was easiest to spot the differences in power between two people of the House of Liro. 
Many could grow razor-sharp claws and had a small change in appearance, notably in the face area.
Some Liros had a semi-final form with slightly bigger claws and more pronounced physical changes.
With each level came a slight increase in strength and speed, but this didn't compare to the Remia.
There was no such thing as a Liro without heightened senses.
All of this was enough to combat many of the Pelasgians fiercely if they could get their hands on them.
A few Liros reached the final form. It was terrifying to behold, being more bat than man in appearance. While the Cyclopes’ size proved to be a bit of a problem, the Liros could pounce on anything smaller and claw them to pieces.
The Doran had perfected the use of blood as a weapon. It was like liquid mercury in their hands, and they had full control over it.
One used his blood staff to block a Corinthian's sword before turning it into a whip-like weapon that shot through the Corinthian's chest.
A powerful Doran could control the blood without even touching it. The blood spike was a nasty weapon that could repeatedly run someone through, with the Doran at a safe distance.
Two Satyrs went after Marus, jabbing at him with their spears through the fog. One managed to slash his coat pocket, dropping the few precious blood marbles he had.
Several yards away a Centaur took aim with his bow.
As Marus tricked the Satyrs into stabbing each other, an arrow struck his shoulder. Flinching for a split second, he took a Satyr's spear and threw it at the Centaur's head with incredible precision.
At the rear of the Vesuvian army, the Siena made the most of their unmatched intuition with a bow and arrow.
What separated one Siena from another was their ability to hit a target in all the commotion. The least adept aimed high, shooting far into the enemy army.
For the more experienced, it was like watching a magic trick executed effortlessly. The best could fire past dozens of people amid battle and hit the enemy exactly where they wanted.
The only Vesuvians not physically fighting were the Kanara. Mind-control used a fair amount of blood, even for the powerful ones. In a massive battle, it wasn’t as efficient as a support role.
They functioned as a second set of eyes for those actually fighting. A Remian pulling his sword from a Satyr would have been struck from behind were it not for the timely telepathic warning of a watchful Kanara.
The Kanara also relayed vital information about enemy movements at the speed of thought. This let the Vesuvians instantly know where their line was beginning to break and reinforce it.
The dirty fighting was left to the Orlok, and they loved it. Those who could do so remained invisible, with many Pelasgians never knowing what hit them.
They preferred jagged knives and blunt objects, quickly eliminating enemies already locked in battle from behind. 
A Turin girl blocked one attack after another from two Corinthians using only a short sword. As a Minotaur joined the fray, she threw a black powder that ignited with a blinding flash. With some assistance from the Orlok, she was able to quickly finish off the Pelasgians.
Melding with the ground in the nick of time, Marus barely avoided being smashed by a Cyclops bringing his mace down like a hammer. He instantly reemerged and stabbed the Cyclops through the chest.
Monitoring the battle from the Council's building, Helen called out to Marus with her telepathy. “Fall back! The Pelasgians are pushing hard into the flanks.”
“Can we counter?” Marus thought as he pulled the arrow out.
“It doesn’t look good,” Helen replied. “The rural section should be better for fighting, but you must go now.”
At once, the Vesuvians went into retreat.
The Pelasgians gave chase, fighting much of the way across the farmlands. They soon reached the rural section, a part of the city with buildings up to three stories high at the most.
“Stand your ground!” Marus ordered.
Without question, the Vesuvians turned to face the incoming enemy.
Marus dodged a Minotaur and kicked him to the side where an Orlok happily took over.
Little by little the fog covering Marus was dissipating, making him easier to see. A Corinthian swung and barely missed.
Marus blocked the second attack, but that allowed a Satyr to spear him in the stomach.
The sound of Marus grunting in pain instantly drew his fellow Vesuvians' attention.
A Liro tackled the Satyr, with many of the Turin charging the Pelasgians.
The fog around Marus completely vanished as he pulled the spear out. Slumping against a house as he retreated, he noticed his blood marbles were gone. Another arrow struck his leg, causing him to fall over some baskets.
A Cyclops broke through the Vesuvian line, swinging his massive club. He spotted Marus and ran at him.
Marus forced himself up and dove into a small dark corner, virtually disappearing.
The Cyclops swung his club and completely demolished the corner. It seemed impossible, but there was no body.
Marus dropped from another shaded area directly above and rammed his staff into the Cyclops' back. He was thrown forward as the Pelasgian fell dead into a small market stand.
Wounded and disoriented, Marus crawled and made it as far as the next corner where he saw his fellow Turin struggling with another Cyclops at the next intersection.
The Vesuvians behind him were doing well, but they seemed so few to the Pelasgians.
The shadow of a winged creature overcame Marus and landed beside him. Looking up weakly, he was relieved to see it was Gavin.
Gavin and a select few were in their legendary form. This was very similar to the final form but came with huge bat wings.
With a low hiss, Gavin dropped a blood marble and flew off.
Liros in this form were also very nimble in the air, as Gavin flew up past an oncoming griffin and picked off its rider with ease, dropping him to the chaos below.
Marus ate the marble and was instantly on his feet, fog shrouding his body. Melding with the ground, he grabbed his staff.
In the next moment, as a Cyclops swung his mace, Marus exploded from the ground behind thrusting his staff through the Cyclops' head.
One of the Turin approached. “Marus, help is on the way, but the enemy is pouring in from everywhere. What are we going to do?”
Marus looked back at the sound of Pelasgians coming around the next corner and gave what he hoped wouldn't be his last order. “Stand your ground.”
CHAPTER FIFTEEN

“This way,” Gillan said, guiding others into one of the hundreds of large boats. “Stay calm. Everything will be fine.”
Close by on the pier, Caycee watched the sky as Khothu filed past her.
Several Erinyes and Corinthians with griffins landed on the dock, attacking and scattering the Khothu in all directions.
Caycee took aim with her bow and nailed an Eriny with an arrow to the head. She quickly fired off another arrow, killing a Corinthian.
The now riderless griffin went after a small Typhon girl, who fired what little flames she could to slow the creature down as she ran.
Caycee fired an arrow and hit one of the griffin's hind legs, but the animal barely paused.
Tripping over her feet from running so fast, the girl fell and cowered in the fetal position. Just as the griffin was about to take a bite, Nasia seemed to come out of nowhere and slashed the creature's side with her sword.
Writhing in pain, the griffin had no chance of avoiding the searing hot fire Nasia then doused it with. As the creature looked for any way to escape it tried to fly off, only to fall dead into the water.
Nasia picked the crying girl up. “There, there now. You'll be fine. Let's get you out of here,” she said. With the commotion ahead of her, she ran off with the girl towards another boat.
As Gillan continued cramming as many people on the boat as he could, Melkor arrived on the dock with Kemik close behind.
When the Erinyes turned their attention to him, Melkor came to a dead stop, holding his son behind him.
Kemik shook in fear at the sight of Erinyes growling as they approached and took up the whole width of the dock. “Do something, Dad!”
Waiting for the right moment, Melkor caused a chunk of wall to break and levitate between himself and the Erinyes. It suddenly shattered into dozens of smaller, very sharp shards that shot into the Erinyes.
Gillan was familiar with Melkor's abilities, but even he was stunned with the visceral way the Komodo disposed of the enemy.
Caycee continued to provide covering fire.
When they finally arrived at the boat, Melkor helped his son on and began to walk back down the pier.
“Dad,” Kemik yelled. “Where are you going?”
Melkor stopped. “I am needed here. You go with the others.”
Kemik hopped off the boat. “No way! I'm staying with you!”
It was difficult for Melkor to face his son. He didn’t want Kemik to see the worry in his face. “Don't argue with me! The Pelasgians are ruthless savages, and they won't think twice about killing you.”
A tear rolled down Kemik's face.
Melkor softened up a little. “I promise we'll see each other again,” he said, hugging his son. “But I can't do my job if I have to worry about you. Now please, go.” 
Kemik reluctantly boarded the boat. “Fight well, Father.”
The boat now full, everyone on the pier had to turn back, and it was slow going with so many people.
Caycee was now on the dock helping people. She never noticed Piscoro, a Caidoz, jumping out of the water and landing a few yards not far behind.
Piscoro had a long armored tail with a stinger she used to swat several Khothu away.
Caycee sensed the terror from the Khothu around her and turned to see what was happening. Before she could react, though, Piscoro's stinger was in her stomach.
With a quick whip of the tail, Piscoro sent Caycee soaring over one building and into the wall of another.
Many of Caycee's bones broke as blood shot from her mouth.
Gillan made a torrent of water crash into Piscoro with enough power to knock most people down a street. Letting up, he was stunned to see her standing as though nothing had happened.
“Allow me,” Melkor said, with the ground taking hold of Piscoro's feet and a wall of earth rising up to tip over on top of her.
“Hurry,” Gillan said running. “We have to find Caycee.”
As they reached the dock, Melkor watched as Piscoro poured out in liquid form from under the wall and reshaped herself in seconds.
Gillan and Melkor didn’t know what to do. Piscoro took one step toward them before bursting into a cloud of mist from a fireball that struck her from behind.
Gillan breathed a sigh of relief seeing it was Nasia who saved them. “As if the Pelasgians weren't enough,” he said. “Who was she?”
“Who knows,” Melkor replied. “But it looks like she has friends.”
Gillan could see the ram-headed Eisar further down the dock wreaking havoc with a mace of fire.
On the opposite side of the dock, Quasairu didn't appear to have a weapon until he opened his beak and belted out a loud squawk that could shatter glass a hundred yards away.
While the Pelasgians retreated, Marduk walked up behind Cesni and Ivee watching as the Caidoz appeared throughout Tiamat, attacking at random and causing widespread destruction.
“I almost feel bad for them,” Cesni said.
Ivee giggled. “Almost.”
Suruta could easily be confused for a Minotaur, but her femininity was definitely more apparent and she was much more deadly with a hammer that could crack the ground open like an earthquake.
Imigen also had a beak, but his weapon was a whip that flailed around like it had a mind of its own. As he stood in the middle of the plaza, an ethereal twin kept randomly appearing nearby, doing his actual fighting.
Neccra had a giant crab claw that could cut steel like a hot knife through butter or punch holes into walls. She demolished many of the buildings on the shoreline.
On one of the islands, Oel used his lion claws to set anything he touched ablaze. Even the ground he walked on was smoldering.
Uratistagis reached back into his horse-like mane of fire and pulled out an arrow. Taking aim with his bow, he shot the arrow at a building, causing it to erupt into a ball of flames.
Even if she didn't have the gills of a fish, Cipess could stay underwater indefinitely. She leaped straight up out of the sea, throwing a stream of water like a spear so fast it went through several buildings.
Nasia ran down the dock, unleashing a fireball from both hands that engulfed Eisar. But to her horror, the Caidoz ran out of the blaze at her. 
“Run away,” Melkor yelled, with the Typhon Chief doing just that.
Princcora suddenly came crashing through a building onto the dock. Having horns the size of an ibex goat, nothing could stand in her way. She also had gauntlets that covered her hands and much of her forearms. With a single punch, she caused a huge section of the dock to break apart.
Unable to keep her balance, Nasia was thrown into the water.
Gillan immediately dove in, quickly locating Nasia and helping her to a narrow beach path under the docks.
Melkor collapsed a huge building onto Eisar and Princcora.
Though even with all that weight on them, both Caidoz easily tore their way out.
“Give me a break,” Melkor said in frustration.
As Nasia lay on her side coughing up water, Gillan climbed onto the dock. Eisar and Princcora stood between him and Melkor.
The sound of a screeching wyvern drew Gillan’s attention. He looked up to see Perak fly past with a strong gust of wind in his wake.
Gillan noticed the wind didn't seem to affect Eisar much, while Princcora was carried a good distance and knocked into Quasairu.
Eisar raised his mace as he went after Gillan, but before he could bring it down, the Leviathan prodigy called up a wave of water that turned the ram-headed Caidoz into a cloud of steam.
“That's it,” Gillan said.
Perak made another pass.
The wind threw Princcora into the water where she struggled to stay afloat. Quasairu, who wasn't affected at all, let out a deafening squawk.
Covering his ears, Perak and his disoriented wyvern crashed into the roof of a building.
“Melkor,” Gillan called, pointing to Quasairu. “Kill him!”
Melkor made a quick gesture with his hand that made a spike of earth shoot up through the docks and into Quasairu, causing him to vanish into air.
“Finally,” Melkor said, exhausted.
Gillan had seen where Caycee was thrown. So, it didn't take long for him and Melkor to find her.
The sight of Caycee's body was unsettling. If she weren't Vesuvian, most would have thought she was dead.
Gillan lightly shook Caycee. “Please wake up.”
Though all Caycee could do was barely open her eyes and mutter. “Blood...”
Gillan gave Caycee one of her blood marbles.
In seconds, Caycee's bones reset themselves and she was back on her feet.
Not far, Rovgi and Bilar came around the corner. Both groups spotted each other at the same time.
“Who are you?” Gillan asked.
“I can't sense either of them,” Caycee said.
A powerful blast of wind blew against the Rheans and Bilar shot down the street towards them.
Melkor quickly caused the buildings on one side of the street to explode, crushing Bilar under a pile of rubble.
Rovgi pointed her sword and made a large piece of rock fly at the three Rheans.
Just before the rock could crush them, Melkor used his power to stop it in midair. “Gillan...go!” he said, straining to keep the debris at bay.
“I'm not going anywhere,” Gillan said. He quickly conjured a small quasi-hurricane of water directly on top of Rovgi.
Caycee fired an arrow, hitting Rovgi in the leg, but the Caidoz wasn't affected by anything that was happening.
Melkor began trembling from concentrating so hard, and still the boulder slowly inched its way closer.
Caycee fired her last two arrows before noticing movement behind her. Seeing Eisar, Piscoro, Princcora, and Quasairu several yards away, she screamed.
As the Caidoz began to close in, bolts of lightning struck all of them, temporarily bringing them to one knee.
The Rheans were also briefly incapacitated by the light and sound.
A serpent-headed Caidoz with skin like a snake stood in the middle of the street.
Rovgi nodded. “Shuo Pu Chi.”
Caycee grabbed onto Gillan waiting for something bad to happen.
Looking at the Rheans and then Rovgi, Shuo Pu Chi let out a long hiss.
At that, the rest of the Caidoz dispersed into their incorporeal forms.
The Rheans stood weary as Shuo Pu Chi pulled a piece of jade from his pocket and tossed it to Gillan's feet before vanishing in a flash of lightning.
Melkor fell to the ground exhausted. “What on earth was all that about?”
Gillan picked the green stone up examining it. “I don't know,” he said, placing the rock in his pocket. “But I have a feeling we haven't seen the last of them.”
Still watching from afar, Cesni was disappointed. “Hey, I thought there were only twelve of them!”
“Oh,” Ivee said, frowning. “Looks like Mr. Know-It-All doesn’t know it all, after all.”
Marduk, who couldn't care less, pushed his cohorts aside as he walked away. “We're done here.”
CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Arloff's right arm was missing and his left leg cut to shreds. Like an injured lion trying to fend off a pack of hyenas, he lashed out at any Pelasgian dumb enough to get close.
When a group of Centaurs and Satyrs dealt enough damage with their arrows and spears, Arloff collapsed to the ground.
The blockade of the Pelasgian portal had partly failed, and the same battle was now being fought in and around it in two different worlds.
Along with a few others, Kamala and Darek were in the Shadow Realm fighting with a Corinthian on a griffin near the portal.
As soon as there was an opening, the griffin took to the air and left. 
“They're good as dead,” Darek complained. “They should have never given chase.”
Kamala frantically looked in all directions. “No, we have to get them out.”
“We can't even get to them!” Darek said.
Kamala grabbed Darek by the collar. “The Fenrir will be wiped out if we don't do something.”
They were both suddenly knocked over when a Centaur came charging through from the Netherworld.
It was Darek who took the brunt of the hit. When he struggled to get up he realized his neck was twisted at an odd angle. “Oy, what happened?”
“Hold still,” Kamala said, grabbing Darek by the hair with one hand and pulling.
Darek shouted at the cracking sound of his neck straightening. “Cripes!”
“You're lucky you can't feel that,” said Kamala.
“Lucky?” Darek rolled his eyes. “You might have noticed I’m already dead.”
Back in the Netherworld, more than half of the Pelasgians had managed to retreat to the Shadow Realm. The rest were doing everything they could to do the same.
Amidst the fighting, Arloff emerged from the ground. He noticed wave after wave of Pelasgians escaping through the portal and ran after them with five Prometheans tagging along. When he entered the Shadow Realm, the huge number of the enemy appearing to hold their ground caught him off guard.
Darek spotted Arloff. “Look who joined the party.”
Kamala immediately ran over to join the Prometheans.
Pelasgians coming through the portal avoided them as they regrouped further away.
Arloff was confused. “I thought these guys would have been running for the hills.”
“They are trying to retreat,” Kamala said. “But the Fenrir chased half of them through, and now they're caught in the middle.”
Arloff couldn't exactly see the Fenrir, but he could tell where they were by the motion of the fighting. “They're definitely stuck between a rock and a hard place.”
Directly ahead of the Prometheans, the Pelasgians were backing away as much as they could, but they had little room to move with the Fenrir fighting on the opposite end.
“Please do something,” Kamala said. “We don't have time to go back and get help. They're being slaughtered.”
Arloff looked to his Promethean companions. “Gather up! We have to make this quick. Kamala, try to clear the other side of this portal.”
Kamala and Darek immediately returned to the Netherworld.
Lining up shoulder to shoulder, the Prometheans charged full speed into the enemy. Anyone in the way was either run over or swatted aside. It was only a matter of seconds till they were upon the Fenrir.
“Alright, backup!” Hurok said.
“No time to argue,” Arloff hollered. “You need to get out of here now.”
“If you say so,” Hurok said, before letting out a howl that could be heard for miles.
Arloff and a few of the Prometheans began the arduous task of fighting their way back to the portal. The rest of them spread themselves out among the Fenrir to keep the Pelasgians back.
In the Netherworld, the fighting around the portal was back and forth.
Kamala knocked Stig down, allowing a Centaur to run away.
“What gives?” Stig asked angrily.
“Arloff is coming through with the Fenrir.” Kamala said. “They won’t be able to come through if we're fighting right here. We need to pull back so they have enough room.”
“What about the Pelasgians?” Stig asked.
“Leave them,” Kamala answered, “They’re running away. Besides, the Prometheans can roll over them.”
The area around the portal quickly became vacant with scores of Pelasgians retreating.
Soon, the Prometheans came charging through with the Fenrir close behind.
Off to the side, Darek watched in joy. “Right in the nick of time.” he said.
“Headache!” someone cried.
Darek turned just as an Eriny flew past and swiped his head clean off. In the minute it took for him to dig himself out of the ground, everyone was cheering and the Pelasgian portal had closed.
Kamala helped Darek up. “Try working on situational awareness.”
Darek brushed the dirt off. “I'll say it again. I sure fancy my final form.”
“You really depended on that, didn't you?” Kamala asked.
“What can I say? It got the job done.” Darek said.
Kamala gave some high-fives to a few people cheering as they passed by.
“Oy,” Darek smiled. “We sure kicked the tar outta them, didn't we?”
“We sure did,” Kamala said. She gave Darek a big hug and ventured toward the city.
Arloff pushed his way through the crowd. “Hurok!”
“Yeah?!” came the answer.
It took a moment for Arloff to see the dwarf standing in front of him just past several people. “What happened?”
“What do you mean?” Hurok replied.
“How did the Pelasgians get through the blockade like that?”
“You'd be surprised,” Hurok said amazed. “Almost couldn't believe it myself. Desperation can be a powerful thing you know.”
Arloff clenched his fists. “Well, you didn't have to chase them into the Shadow Realm. If the portal had closed, you and the rest of the Fenrir would have been stuck back there.”
“Ha!” Hurok laughed. “I'm sure Lilith would have just opened another.”
“Think what you will,” Arloff mumbled. He returned to the city among a crowd of people. Moving off to the side to get through, he found Kamala relaxing on a pile of straw.
“You Prometheans are something else,” Kamala said, giving a thumbs up.
“You have my admiration as well,” Arloff said. “Don't get too comfortable, though. I believe Lilith will have us support those in Rhea. They're going to need all the help they can get.”
“Is it that bad?” Kamala asked.
“Take a look around,” Arloff answered. “I don't know about you, but I’m seeing a lot of new faces around here.”
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Janah, Nedim, and Talik almost tore a door off its hinges running into an abandoned building. They blockaded the room with anything they could find.
All three were shell-shocked and running on adrenaline. Blood seeped from various wounds. As they sat against the wall, explosions and screaming echoed in the distance.
“Such a shame,” Talik said. “I didn't think they could break through the barricade like that.”
Janah banged her fist against the floor. “It should have held! It’s those Erinyes and griffins and the stupid portals.”
Talik shook his head and pulled his knees close to his chest. “Still, in such narrow spaces, the numbers shouldn't matter.”
Nedim tightened one of the bandages on his leg. “Do you remember what Caycee saw?”
“You mean that poor world that was ruined in the Shadow Realm?” Janah replied.
“Remember,” Nedim said. “It could be a lot worse. At least we have a chance to fight.”
Janah turned to peek out the window. Two seconds went by before something suddenly flew past, making her flinch and close her eyes tight.
Nedim noticed Janah was beginning to fall into that yielding state of mind. “Keep it together, Janah.”
Talik crawled to the next room over and looked out of another window, but it was difficult to see. “Okay, we're on the third tier. It looks like the shopping district. The seventh plaza, I think, but I'm not sure.”
“No way,” Janah said. “I got disoriented too, but if this is the seventh, we covered a lot more distance than I thought and went in the wrong direction. We have to be in the eighth or tenth.”
“Eighth,” Nedim said. “The barracks isn't far.”
Janah began moving toward the door. “Then I know where we are. Let's try and stay inside the buildings.”
The trio had to sneak along an overhead path that ran over several buildings.
Nedim glanced over the edge and saw two dark figures running down the street. There was no way of telling if it was friend or foe, and he wasn't about to risk it.
Janah spotted Pelasgians coming up on an adjacent walkway. “Get down,” she whispered, taking cover behind a railing.
The Pelasgians quickly passed by, kicking in the door of any building they came across.
“Stay low,” Janah said. She hurried along, almost crawling to the next building.
Inside, they frantically searched for a way out.
Janah opened a door to a stairwell leading to the fourth tier. “Anyone feel like going up?”
In the next room, Nedim found another stairwell. “We can go down.”
Talik opened a door to find a Corinthian about to kick it in. “Pelasgians!” he yelled, slamming the door shut.
The Pelasgians barged in like madmen.
Talik quickly killed one Corinthian and was tackled by another into a table, where they wrestled.
Nedim came around the corner, shooting an energy blast into the back of a Satyr about to take a stab at Talik.
Janah ran in at the same time a Minotaur did. Both locked weapons, but Janah was easily overpowered, losing her sword as the Minotaur threw her back like a rag doll into the next room.
Nedim shattered a Corinthian's shield with an energy blast as they closed in on him, but it barely slowed them down. He deflected their attacks with his long knife as he backed away.
In the heat of battle, almost no one seemed to hear a loud crashing noise from above as if someone had broken through a door.
Nedim heard it and thought for sure he and his friends were finished. His back was against the wall when Kadir popped up behind the Corinthians and killed them with his bare hands.
In the next room, Talik was still wrestling with a Corinthian, using every ounce of strength to keep the enemy's blade from his heart.
Kadir picked the Pelasgian up by the back of the neck and impaled him with his own knife.
One room over, Janah held onto the Minotaur's ax for dear life as she was slammed into the furniture. Weak and tired, she couldn't help losing her grip as she was tossed to the floor.
Before the Minotaur could raise his ax, Kadir grabbed him from behind and rammed his head into the wall.
Nedim rushed over to help Janah. “I thought you were dead,” he said.
Janah could barely stand. She fell into the only chair in the room that wasn’t broken.
Talik walked in and fell against the wall. “Thanks for the assist, Kadir. I owe you one.”
“You're welcome,” Kadir said. “I got here as fast as I could when I saw the Pelasgians come in after you.”
Janah picked her weapons up. “And here I am thinking it's more dangerous outside.”
“The barracks isn't far, right?” Talik asked.
Kadir nodded. “I just came from there.”
“Please, don't tell me the barracks fell,” said Janah.
“Relax,” Kadir said. “When I left, it was doing quite well. We heard your group had fallen back to the riverbed. After that, we feared the worst. Vizier Sadi sent me to find you.”
Nedim’s concern was clear. “Sadi is here, in Siriso?”
“Great,” Janah said smacking Kadir's arm. “You can take us to her. I don't like it much here anyways.”
Kadir went over to check on Talik. “I'll lead the way. Stay low and move fast. We’re going up one level, there are fewer Pelasgians.”
The moment Nedim stepped outside he could see Pelasgians in all directions. It was a wonder the group wasn't seen.
After crossing the street, Kadir led them up and down through a series of interconnecting buildings. They narrowly avoided several Pelasgians who entered the room as they descended a flight of stairs.
The group came to a small shop on the fourth tier.
“Barracks is right outside,” Kadir said.
Janah saw some Pelasgians blocking the way as others were trying to break into the barracks. “No choice but to fight our way through.”
Nedim opened the door a hair. “Let me try softening them up,” he said, before stepping out and firing what few energy blasts he could.
Two Pelasgians fell dead. One was only injured, and the rest charged the Hegirans.
Kadir easily killed two, and then found a Corinthian that put up a better fight.
If Janah and Talik weren’t weak from exhaustion they would have evened things out quickly. All they could do was fight with everything they could muster.
With his back to the wall, Nedim waited for a Satyr to make a move. He dove out of the way just in time and threw his long knife into the creature's chest.
“Look up!” Janah yelled, but it was too late.
An Eriny crashed into Nedim.
Even if he were at full strength, the Anubian was no match for a monster twice his size.
The Eriny grabbed Nedim by the neck with one hand and lifted him off the ground.
Nedim's legs flailed as he tried to resist the crushing grip. When it felt like his neck might give, he saw a blinding flash of energy that sheared off the arm holding him, followed by two more that struck the Eriny in the chest and head.
Lying on the ground and gasping for air, it was a miracle Nedim managed to roll over and push himself to his knees.
A female Anubian kneeled next to him.
Nedim instantly recognized her. “Sadi...”
“Save your strength,” Sadi said, holding Nedim’s hand.
Janah fell lazily next to them. “Good thing you came out when you did. I've got nothing left.”
Dozens of Hegirans swept through the area as Kadir helped Talik into the barracks.
Sadi gently rubbed her hand across Nedim’s upper back. “At least you're still in one piece. The enemy appears to be in retreat.”
“Are you sure?” Nedim asked. “They may be regrouping.”
“If they are, they're falling back pretty far,” Sadi answered. “Scouts spotted them entering portals on all sides of the city.”
“Yes,” Janah smiled. “We beat them.”
Nedim stood and limped his way towards the barracks with Sadi. “When did you get back? I thought you were in Iza.”
“Word travels fast and so do I,” Sadi said, holding Nedim’s arm. “Good thing I came too. It's not every day I save my fiancé.”
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Sara's eyes slowly opened as she came to. The first thing that came to mind was the Koiga who'd kidnapped her in Vesuvia. Her grogginess wore off rapidly, and the headache was mild at best.
She sat up on the hard floor. In front of her was a large opening to a balcony that gave a fantastic nighttime sky view of two moons and an enormous, beautiful planet with blue oceans and vast continents.
The roof had a few openings, but there were spots where black drapes hung halfway down to the floor. The walls appeared to be made of a combination of metals, and along them were numerous statues of creatures Sara had never seen before
Looking back, Sara found Nibiru in his chair, watching her. She scrambled to her feet and grabbed her equinox. “Who are you?”
“My name is Nibiru,” he answered, making an effort to at least look friendly. “I tried to decorate a little bit, but I'm not too familiar with human taste.”
If Nibiru’s pale skin and glowing red eyes didn’t give it away, the view to the outside told Sara where she was. “This is the Shadow Realm, isn't it?”
“You could call it that,” Nibiru answered. “The name of that particular world escapes me at the moment. There are so many. I am very sorry, Sara, for having to bring you-”
“How do you know my name?” Sara asked.
Nibiru began to sense that Sara was going to be tough to crack. “What I have to show you is much more important than the answers you seek. But if you must know, I watched you and the Rheans during your visit to the Corinthian homeworld. And I must admit I was very impressed with you.”
Sara stepped back as she looked for any way out. “I don't care what you have to say. You're obviously a Pelasgian or some creepy Myrmidon.”
Nibiru spoke as he thought. “That is interesting, but not surprising. Leon didn't tell you about me?”
When Sara peeked over the balcony she couldn’t believe how high she was.
“Not surprising at all,” Nibiru continued. “I wonder. Did he tell anyone?”
“It doesn't matter,” Sara said, cautiously moving back into the room. “I know what happened to the Corinthian homeworld, but I'm not going to let that happen to mine.”
“How are you going to stop it?” Nibiru asked. “You can't even save yourself right now.”
As fast as any human could have, Sara grabbed a dagger and threw it with pinpoint accuracy at Nibiru's forehead.
Using two fingers, Nibiru caught the dagger and tossed it aside. “I mean you no harm, Sara. I simply wish to show you what awaits your world, and make an offer you can't refuse.”
Sara raised her weapon as Nibiru stood and walked towards her.
“I'll tell you what,” Nibiru said, holding his hand out. “I promise when all is said and done, if you want, I will return you to Rhea. All you have to do is take my hand and I’ll show you a world whose name escapes me at the moment.”
There was a long pause as Sara thought about what to do next. Witnessing what Nibiru did with the dagger told her she was likely no match for him. If Nibiru had wanted her dead, he would have already done it and he could easily do so if he decided to.
Reluctant, Sara put her weapon away and took Nibiru's hand. Instantly, the entire world around her seemed to explode in a burst of swirling, black streaks. In the next instant, she was standing with Nibiru just inside the entrance of a cave.
Outside, it felt like summer. Aside from the two moons that could barely be seen in the blue sky, it reminded her of home.
Sara began to think she was now on the planet she had seen in Nibiru's throne room. Ahead in the valley below, she could see a city whose size was reminiscent of Vesuvia, but this one radiated a certain type of beauty that spoke of its opulence.
It made Sara wonder if humans could ever build such a thing. “Where are we?”
Nibiru raised his hand to the sky. “As I said before, the name escapes me.”
The day suddenly turned to night as a massive black orb blotted out the sun.
Sara didn't know what was happening but then remembered what Caycee had seen in her vision. Pure terror filled her as she bore witness to a world being stripped away into darkness. What she had imagined was nothing compared to actually seeing it firsthand.
Nibiru stepped out of the cave, next to Sara as she fell to her knees with tears in her eyes.
The once immaculate city was now completely black and looked desolate.
As the darkness rapidly approached, Nibiru placed his hand on Sara's shoulder and both were instantly teleported back to the balcony of his throne room.
In full view was the planet, and it vaguely resembled its former self. Everything from the oceans to the continents had fallen into darkness.
“Why?” Sara asked.
Nibiru almost seemed confused. “If you are attacked, you defend yourself, do you not?”
“Attacked?” Sara said, facing Nibiru. “Those people didn't have a chance! What did they do to deserve that?”
“You must understand that I am on a quest. A journey to right a wrong.”
“You're a monster,” Sara replied.
“No,” Nibiru said, leaning on the rail. “I am... in the beginning. It was only me. Self-aware, yet without form. Ages went by with no reason, no purpose. Nothing. And then, in one moment, a spark that turned into the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. But no matter how much I tried, no matter how much I wanted to, I couldn't touch it. It pushed me away into the shadows. This...existence, this cruel existence was forced on me by this thing you call light.”
Sara realized what Nibiru had said. “Light? It will kill you, won't it? Like a Vesuvian.”
Gazing at the dark planet, Nibiru felt a tinge of disappointment. “For now. At any time I choose, I can send your world into darkness just like this one.”
“Then why the invasions?” Sara asked.
Nibiru turned to Sara. “Leon. Unlike you or anyone else, I have encountered, his natural ability to withstand the light is of an unnatural source. I could replicate it for myself. If only I could convince him to join me.”
Sara couldn’t control her shaking, and couldn't remember being so scared, “Leon knows, doesn't he?” she asked.
Nibiru held his hand out and conjured a small shadow seed. “Which brings me to my offer. Take this and become one of my Myrmidons.”
Floating to Sara, the black ball dripped with crimson energy as red bolts of lightning danced across its surface.
“You're crazy,” Sara said. “I would never join you just to save my own skin.”
“Words I’ve heard many times before,” Nibiru said, moving behind Sara. “But consider this. Joining me would grant you not only strength and speed you can only dream of, but also everlasting youth. Imagine being as beautiful as you are for eternity.”
Feeling helpless and desperate, Sara stood there refusing to speak anymore as she stared at the shadow seed in front of her. For a few moments the urge to touch it was almost irresistible.
“You can’t stop me, Sara,” Nibiru said. “No one can. I am giving you the chance to spare yourself the fate that awaits everyone else on your world, or you can join them and become a mindless drone with no will of your own when I decide to take it.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Nibiru spotted movement from an opening in the ceiling. Playing it cool and shrewd, he began walking towards his throne. pretending he'd seen nothing.
As Sara considered her options, an orange portal suddenly opened next to her. Leon leaped from the ceiling and practically tackled her through it.
It happened so fast the portal closed before Nibiru could barely see it. He sat with a sinister smile and absorbed the shadow seed back into himself.
Marduk emerged from the shadows near the door. “By my count, that would be the fourth time you let him escape.”
Nibiru let out a small sigh of agitation. “Why did you go to the Netherworld?”
“Forgive me,” Marduk said. “I sent a Corinthian with the order to retreat. We’ve lost many soldiers, and I believe we’ll need as many as possible for the battle ahead.”
The openings in the ceiling opened up, revealing more of the sky.
“Why not simply capture and torture Leon until he decides to join?” Marduk asked.
“Vesuvians don't feel pain like some other creatures,” Nibiru replied. “And I believe poor Leon is about to receive more scrutiny than he would like, now that his little secret is out.”
CHAPTER NINETEEN

In New Haven, the Pelasgians had to fight hard for every yard of ground gained. Human soldiers wearing armor similar to the Corinthians were proving themselves to be just as tough.
The fighting had gone several blocks beyond the city wall. Buildings were ablaze and dead bodies littered the streets, making it difficult for Arthur and Richard to navigate.
“We better pick up the pace,” Arthur said, turning into a narrow alley.
“How do you know where they are?” Richard asked. “They could be dead, for all we know. I mean, I don't think they're dead, but they could be anywhere.”
Arthur had to kick his way through a small mound of empty baskets. “If I know Thomas, he'll be falling back toward the Citadel. Plenty like him who think it's the most important building in the city.”
Pelasgians walking past the alley spotted the men and ran in after them.
“Move it,” Arthur said, going as fast as he could.
Richard knocked over crates and barrels to slow the Pelasgians down while trying to keep up with Arthur. Dividing his attention between the two in the maze-like alley, he soon lost track of his partner.
“Arthur?” Richard called, stopping for a split second with the Pelasgians only yards away. He made another turn into an alley with an exit.
On the street, Richard found Arthur waiting with a line of archers several houses down. He was only halfway down the street when the Pelasgians bumbled out of the alley.
“Get down!” Arthur yelled.
Having a clear line of fire, the archers brought down any Pelasgian standing in the street with a hail of arrows.
When the coast was clear, Richard got back to his feet. “Sorry, I lost you back there in the alley.”
Arthur shrugged. “If it makes you feel any better, the route we took only had two exits. Both leading to this street.”
“Thanks. I'll try to remember that.” Richard said.
One of the archers approached Arthur. “Sir, we're needed elsewhere.”
“Thanks for the assist.” Arthur saluted.
“I hope the guys are close,” Richard said inspecting another alley.
With so much going on, it was hard for Arthur to tell where any of the noise was coming from. “Why don't we try sticking to the streets this time? It sounds like there's a lot of fighting over there.”
Peeking around the corner at the next intersection, they could see human soldiers clogging up the street with heavy resistance against the Pelasgians.
“I don't see them,” Richard said. “Doesn't look like we can get through, either.”
Arthur was growing anxious. “Nothing we can do here. Let's go around and see if we can help.”
“What about the guys?” Richard asked.
“We can't spend the whole day searching,” Arthur said, “Not with this going on. Cross your fingers, maybe we'll run into them.”
As Arthur and Richard ran further, a group of four Corinthians on griffins descended upon them, landing in front and behind.
“I've got these two,” Arthur said, circling around as he parried. When one of the griffins jumped at him, he rolled out of the way and stabbed it in the heart.
The creature rolled over, giving Arthur his chance to kill the rider.
Richard dispatched one of the griffins and its rider in a similar way, then immediately killed another griffin by tossing his equinox into its neck. As the animal fell, the Corinthian hopped off.
Richard grabbed a sword and exchanged several swings with the Corinthian before striking the final blow from behind.
Arthur was backpedaling from the last griffin. “Come on,” he muttered. “Just one opening.”
The griffin lunged sideways, giving Arthur what he thought was his chance, though the Corinthian swung out with his sword deflecting Arthur's attack and giving him a small cut across the cheek.
Rearing its head up, the griffin knocked Arthur to the ground. The creature squawked, about to pounce, but Richard's equinox slammed into its side.
From the opposite direction, another equinox sailed into the Corinthian’s chest.
Arthur turned to see Thomas, William, and Jacob running toward him. “Look who's here.”
“You're welcome,” Thomas said, retrieving his weapon.
William and Jacob helped Arthur.
“What happened to you guys?” Richard asked.
“What happened to you?” Thomas shot back. “We fell back with the army toward the Roivas Estate. I thought you were ahead of us.”
“Yeah,” Jacob added. “Thomas wanted to go all the way back to the Citadel.”
A Satyr's loud battle cry down the street drew several Pelasgians to the scene.
“Get ready!” Arthur said.
Within seconds, human soldiers ran into the street and joined the fight as the Pelasgians clashed with Arthur's men.
On their own, Richard and Thomas skillfully dispatched any Pelasgian that came at them. They used their equinoxes as mostly defensive weapons, parrying blows long enough to eliminate their enemies with talons.
William and Jacob fought with a style that was not necessarily back-to-back, but neither of them had to worry about it. One locked up with his opponent as the other moved in from an angle and quickly dealt the killing blow. It required fast movement in unison. One slip up and the result could be less than satisfying.
Arthur disposed of a Corinthian before setting his sights on an incoming Cyclops. He leaped in, slicing the creature's neck with his halo.
The sound of a loud horn filled the air, sending the Pelasgians into retreat. Centaurs and Corinthians, however, stood their ground from a distance as they began to unleash volleys of arrows. The friendly fire was unavoidable, but many managed to break away from the fighting.
Richard took cover around a corner, looking for his friends.
On the opposite side of the street, Arthur took a Satyr down, before being struck from behind by an arrow.
Witnessing this, Richard made a mad dash for Arthur with no regard for his own safety. There were still plenty of Pelasgians in the way, and he showed no patience or mercy.
Thomas knew something was wrong when he saw Richard fighting in a berserk state. And in the next second he, Jacob, and William saw why, as Arthur weakly fought off a Corinthian and was struck by two more arrows.
As Arthur fell, the men joined Richard in slaughtering the remaining Pelasgians. All of them pressed on hard with everything they had, suffering cuts and bruises they normally would have avoided.
Soon the area was clear of the enemy, and the soldiers moved on after those running away.
Richard dropped to his knees picking Arthur off the ground.
Arthur's breathing was very shallow as he opened his eyes slowly.
“Hang in there,” Richard said. “We're gonna get you help. You're going to be okay.”
William cried, feeling it should have been him lying there.
Thomas and Jacob knelt beside Arthur. All of them knew Richard was lying.
Arthur coughed. “Got a lil’ careless there.”
“Don't talk,” Richard said. “Save your energy.”
“I'm done,” Arthur muttered, handing his equinox over. “You give this to Sara. You understand?”
Richard reluctantly took the equinox. “Yes, Sir,” he said, watching in sorrow as Arthur passed away.
CHAPTER TWENTY

“I wish it were that easy,” Gavin said, as he and Marus entered the Council's building. “But the rite of passage is a secret.”
Both stepped onto a platform.
Marus tugged the rope to begin their ascent. “I don't believe you, Gavin. There's a good chance we could all die, and you'd rather keep your most powerful form to your House instead?”
Gavin laughed. “Really? Come on, mate. We had this discussion before. Remember, about a hundred years ago? You know well no one outside the House of Liro can attain it.”
“But I hear things,” Marus said.
Gavin was getting annoyed. “Folks always start to hear things at times like this. If I was lying, the Orloks would have discovered it, the Siena would sense it, and the Kanara would've ripped it from somebody's bloody mind by now.”
“Okay,” Marus said conceding. “Sorry. I get caught up in the gossip sometimes. But, can't you put more Liros through the rites?”
“Of course I am! I'm trying everything. Problem is, when you're not ready, you're not ready, and my lads just aren't ready.”
After a moment of silence, Marus softly banged his fist on Gavin's chest. “By the way, I owe you big time. Thanks for saving my skin back there.”
Gavin shrugged it off. “It was nothing. You'd have done the same.”
The platform finally reached the top. Marus stepped out and found the Council waiting.
“Marus,” Denzso called. “Has Leon returned?”
“No,” Marus answered, “I haven't seen him since he went after Sara.”
Denzso laughed a little. “The Pelasgians are regrouping on the outskirts of our city and he's busy chasing after a human.”
Marus gave Denzso a sideways look. “Could be worse. He could be watching from the safety of the Council building while his men do all the fighting.”
“Watch your tongue,” Denzso said with a scowl. “Leaders lead. They don't fight.”
“You're the strongest, fastest Vesuvian,” Marus said. “You should be ashamed of yourself.”
Denzso slammed his fist into the table.
The arguing wore thin on Alexia. “Enough, both of you! We have enough problems as it is without you two at each other's throats.”
Marus glared at Denzso with contempt as he sat.
Gavin took a seat. “Oy, what's the deal with the Pelasgians?”
“It's like Denzso said,” Helen answered. “They're regrouping on the outskirts of the city. In some areas, they advanced as far as borders of the urban sections. The rural parts have been mostly overrun.”
“More Pelasgian portals have opened up,” Jaren added. “Guess what's pouring through.”
Marus took his hat off and ate another blood marble. “We should take this time to solidify our defenses. If the Pelasgians get a foothold of any part of the city, we're in big trouble.”
Sagan rolled out a map of the city across the table. “The Turin's section of the city was largely spared, and the Underground seems to have gone unnoticed for now.”
Alexia studied the map. “Obviously, the Pelasgians want to avoid low visibility and narrow spaces.”
“Which may be to our advantage,” Sagan said. “We should try and draw them into these places, or if need be, we can use these as escape routes.”
Denzso was baffled. “Escape routes?”
“In case,” Sagan replied.
“Retreat,” Denzso scoffed. “Leave it to an Orlok. There will be no retreat.”
Sagan flashed his teeth as he leered at Denzso.
No one said anything for a moment. The tension in the room was high.
Alexia placed several wooden tokens on the map. “That's a decision we will all make.”
“I say we attack,” Denzso declared. “Attack now, when they least expect it.”
Gavin smiled. “Ah, so now you're an expert in Pelasgians, eh?”
Denzso stood, moving several of the tokens around on the map. “Laugh all you want. I've been studying the enemy. It may interest you that their tactics have changed very little.”
“Denzso, aren’t you being a little bit presumptuous?” Helen asked.
Jaren started chuckling. “We’ve only fought them once before. It’s not enough to draw on.”
“I agree,” Sagan said. “We should exercise caution and consider our blood supply.”
Denzso folded his arms across his chest. “So you all want to wait here until the next attack?”
“Sagan is right,” Alexia said. “If we're not careful with our blood supply, we could end up in a worse situation than last time. Already we've begun issuing rations.”
In a fit of rage, Denzso tossed his chair across the room. “If we wait for the next attack, we will be in a worse situation! Our couriers to the other Rheans have just returned. All of the reports are nearly identical.”
“What's the verdict?” Gavin asked.
“We're screwed!” Denzso answered. “Remember the first time the Pelasgians invaded. They would attack and fall back. This did this over and over again. After several times, they gathered outside the city like they're doing now.”
Even Marus couldn’t argue. “So you think this is it? The big one.”
Denzso nodded. “We haven't even seen all of the Pelasgian units from last time, and our courier to the Khothu reported new ones more powerful than anything we have ever encountered.”
Alexia's eyes were fixed on a window with a good view of the city. “Denzso, have you sent for any help?”
“As soon as I read the reports,” Denzso answered.
It was hard for Alexia to maintain her composure. Of the Council, she was the most scared for her people. “Then it's decided. All of Rhea will gather here, at Vesuvia. And we will either conquer the enemy as we did before, or we will fall as one.”
Jaren knocked one of the tokens over. “You're crazy if you think we can sustain an attack on the Pelasgians, Denzso. Ain't gonna happen. Not against those numbers. It's just gonna provoke them.”
Denzso sunk against the table, looking as though he was watching a sunrise. “It's going to be really fun when they outnumber us a hundred to one.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

“Perak, wake up,” Gillan said, splashing the Draco's face with conjured drops of water.
Slowly opening his eyes, Perak found himself on the floor with his friends and wyvern standing over him.
“That was a heck of a landing,” Caycee said.
Perak rubbed the side of his head as he sat up. “What happened?”
“If you don't remember, good,” Melkor said, helping his friend up.
Gillan gave Perak a bottle of water. “Are you going to be okay?”
“I'm fine…I think,” Perak answered. “My noggin hurts a bit, but that's about it. I think poor Spire took the brunt of the impact.”
“Your wyvern seems fine,” said Gillan. “You should see about getting some medicine, at least to be on the safe side.”
Perak took the reins to his wyvern. “I’ll do that. Thanks, guys. I'm going to check in with my caste, see what the damage is.”
“Get that head checked out,” Gillan said, before turning to Caycee. “I really appreciate you doing this.”
“I don't mind,” Caycee said with a wink. She focused her attention on the numerous piles of rubble nearby and began pacing back and forth between them.
Melkor eyed Gillan’s pocket. “I don't think it's a good idea keeping that rock.”
“I don't know what to think,” said Gillan. “But that snake guy wanted me to have it.”
“Maybe he did, but that doesn't mean you had to take it,” Melkor said, “How do you know it's safe?”
Gillan made sure to not lose sight of Caycee. “Those people, whoever they are, could have easily killed all of us. But they didn't. Don't you find that odd?”
“Nope,” Melkor said sharply. “A friend of my enemy is my enemy. And after seeing what they were able to pull off, I wouldn't take any chances. Besides, it's only a rock. I say toss it.”
“If it's only a rock, then there's nothing to worry about. But I think there's more to it. Appearances can be deceiving.” Gillan said.
Melkor clenched his fists in frustration. “All the more reason to throw it away.”
Caycee suddenly stopped. “Here!” she said, pointing to a massive pile of rocks that was once a building. “Someone is trapped under here, somewhere. They're hurt bad.”
Melkor examined the debris, sensing out as many of the individual pieces as he could. He placed one hand out and caused much of the rubble to shift upward.
“Wait!” Caycee cried. “Careful, you have to be very careful.”
“I can control the rocks,” Melkor said. “But I can't tell what direction they need to move. Not if I can't see the person.”
Gillan crawled around the debris. “Hold up. I think I can get in.”
“Make it fast,” Caycee said.
Light coming through the cracks let Gillan see where he was going as he inched his way along. “Hello! Can you hear me?”
From the darkness came a faint moan.
The crawlspace opened up enough for Gillan to get to his knees. Around the next corner, he found a female covered with small rocks. “Found her!” he yelled. “Caycee, Melkor, can you hear me?”
“We hear you,” Caycee hollered.
Gillan picked the debris off the woman. “Relax, you're gonna be okay. Melkor, nothing is pinning her. She just got a little banged up. Go ahead and lift, slowly.”
As the rubble around him began to rise, Gillan felt himself moving with it. “Stop!” he cried out.
Feeling the ground, Gillan figured it was a large slab of rock.
“What is it?” Melkor asked.
“Looks like a chunk of wall,” Gillan answered. “We're sitting right on top of it. I'm going to have to pull her out, I guess.”
“No,” Melkor said, raising both hands and closing his eyes. “Sit tight, Gillan. I can do this. I just need to find that piece.”
As the woman came to her senses, the rubble around her trembled as it slowly rose.
Caycee and other Khothu arriving on the scene went in as soon as they could to help carry the woman out.
Melkor set the debris back in place. “Well done, Gillan.”
“It's not me she has to thank,” Gillan said with a glance to Caycee. “If it weren't for her, we would have never found that girl.”
Nasia gently made her way through the crowd. “Gillan, who in the name of Fyodor were those people?”
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Gillan answered. “It's a safe bet they're not from around here, though. And by here, I'm not just talking about Rhea.”
Nasia waved her hand in the direction of several small fires to extinguish them. “Yeah, but they didn't look like your ordinary Pelasgian either.”
Melkor grunted. “Or a Myrmidon, and their powers over the elements seem to exceed ours.”
“I just hope they don't come back,” Caycee said. “Not if they're immortal.”
Gillan pulled the jade from his pocket and showed Nasia. “Here, take a look at this.”
Nasia had no idea what to make of it. “A rock?”
“Souvenir, I guess,” Gillan said. “One of those elemental guys gave it to me right before he left. Any idea why he would do that?”
Nasia studied the jade for a moment before handing it back. “On the island of Okami, it's customary for the defeated warrior to give the victor a trophy. Of course, that's only in games of contest.”
“I wouldn't say we won either,” Gillan said. He began to put the jade away when it suddenly flashed bright green and made him dizzy.
Caycee quickly grabbed Gillan. “Hey, you okay?”
“I knew it!” Melkor said. “I kept telling him he should've tossed it.”
Gillan’s head felt woozy. “Whoa…that was...neat. The Caidoz...”
“Who,” Caycee asked.
“Those people, the ones that attacked us. They call themselves Caidoz,” Gillan said.
Caycee's face lit up like a kid with candy. “Oh! You just had a form of extra-sensory perception. Psychometry. Very similar to what happened to me when we went to the Shadow Realm. Remember?”
Gillan wasn’t exactly sure of what Caycee had just said. “Uh...yeah, well, I guess we know what this rock is now. It's a way for them to communicate. They said they're very sorry for attacking us. That the Pelasgians forced them to do it.”
Melkor waved in disgust. “Rubbish! With the kind of power they have, they'd make short work of the Pelasgians. They could have wiped out the whole city.”
Gillan held the jade tightly and closed his eyes. After a few seconds, the jade flashed again, and he looked to Caycee. “Remember what you saw in the Shadow Realm? The ball that changed everything?”
“How could I forget?” said Caycee.
“The Pelasgian leader threatened them with it. They left this rock so they could talk to us without him knowing. They want to help us, but they don't know how.”
Melkor crossed his arms. “And you trust them? C'mon, what if it's a trick?”
“Not a chance,” Gillan said. “Even you said it. With the power they have.”
Caycee could sense how sure Gillan felt. “I agree. It would be even easier if the Pelasgians used that ball-thing to assimilate us.”
“Why not use it then?” Nasia asked.
Gillan remembered what Lilith had once said. “It wouldn't work in the Netherworld. So, we think it's the same for Rhea.”
Melkor didn’t like any of it.
“Makes sense,” Caycee said. “They can't assimilate us, so they just go to the Caidoz and threaten them to do their dirty work.”
Gillan pocketed the jade. “I'm sorry, Nasia. I meant to tell the Chiefs about what happened in the Shadow Realm, but there was no time.”
Nasia’s head felt like it was spinning.
“It’s a lot to digest,” Gillan said.
“You think?” Melkor mocked.
“Time,” Nasia whispered, looking around at the city. “That’s the problem, isn’t it? Everything is happening so fast. Only minutes before I found you, a Vesuvian courier gave us information that the Pelasgians were gathering outside Vesuvia.”
A horrible feeling of dread filled Caycee, as bad memories filled her.
“What about Tiamat?” Melkor asked. “We can’t just abandon the city.”
“I can't promise anything,” Gillan said. “Nasia, I know we're in bad shape, but I'm begging you. The Khothu must join the Vesuvians.”
Seeing so much of Tiamat in ruin filled Nasia with sadness, then anger. “I will see what the other Chiefs can spare, but we must make haste. None of us can win this fight alone.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

In the Netherworld, a small house sat in the middle of nowhere with only a single dead tree for company. Inside, Sara moped near a window.
Leon slowly paced back and forth nervously. At one point, he veered toward Sara but then decided it best to leave her alone.
“I can't believe you, Leon,” Sara finally said. “How could you?”
Leon felt a tinge of relief that at least Sara spoke to him. The friction between them was palpable. “Sorry,” he said.
Sara grew teary-eyed. “Sorry? You're sorry?”
“What would you have done?” Leon asked.
“You lied to me,” Sara snapped. “And worse you told no one about Nibiru. All this time, you knew. You knew, Leon and you didn't say a damn thing!”
Leon lowered his head in shame.
Sara turned, glaring in anger. “You said sunlight wouldn't kill them.”
Leon stood by the window opposite Sara. “Okay, it probably will. But good luck getting them anywhere near it. They avoid it like the plague.”
“What about you, your Vesuvian Starlight?” Sara asked.
“I tried, once,” Leon answered. “Almost killed me.”
“But did it work?” Sara asked.
Leon shook his head. “The other guy just got a bad sunburn. I can't generate the light needed to kill them. It takes too much out of me, and I'm no good to Rhea if I'm dead.”
“There has to be a way,” Sara insisted.
“If you have any ideas, I'm all ears,” Leon said. “But short of taking the sun and throwing it at them, I doubt anything else is going to work.”
“What about Nibiru?” Sara asked.
“I wouldn't worry about him,” Leon answered.
“What?” Sara said in shock. “You know what he's capable of. You know that at any time he feels like it, he can erase our entire world.”
Leon seemed like he wanted to laugh. “Please trust me. Nibiru won’t do it.”
“What makes you so sure?” Sara asked.
“Think about it,” said Leon. “If he uses the Shadow Seed, then he changes me as well. And where does that leave him? He needs me to join him as a Myrmidon.”
Sara was at a loss for words. She didn't think of Leon as the egotistic type. Though at the same time, she couldn't argue with him. There was a certain sense of logic to his chutzpah.
Leon moved close to Sara. “As long as I'm around, we'll be fine.”
Too mad to even look at Leon, Sara walked away and sat on the couch. “What happens when Nibiru changes his mind and decides he doesn't need you?”
“It won’t come to that,” Leon said confidently.
“How can you possibly say that?” Sara asked. “How do you know?”
“Nibiru would have done it by now,” Leon said, “If he could have gone somewhere else, we wouldn't be here right now.”
Sara leaned over, running her hands through her hair. “Just tell me one thing, Leon. If and when that Shadow Seed is hanging over your head, what are you going to do?”
Before Leon could answer, a portal opened with Lilith stepping through. “Are we ready to go back to Vesuvia?” she asked.
“Not yet,” Leon said. “The second we go through; the Kanara will know everything Nibiru told Sara. They can’t read me because I was made with the Council’s blood.”
“They need to know,” Sara demanded. “Everyone has a right to know.”
Lilith closed the portal and stepped away.
“What for,” Leon asked. “Telling them won't help anything. It'll make it worse.”
Sara was feeling more stressed by the second. “Maybe there's something that can be done. Something you haven't thought of.”
“No,” Leon said. “We've both seen what Nibiru is, what he can do.”
“You have to tell them, Leon,” Sara countered. “Doesn't it bother you at all that the whole world is fighting and dying for you?”
The coldness in Leon’s eyes was reflected in his tone. “Let them die. It’s better than living in fear the rest of their lives. They'd all be slaves right now if it weren't for me.”
A strange silence filled the room. The kind you get when everyone is beside themselves.
Knowing what the argument was about, Lilith wanted nothing to do with it.
Sara got up, slowly walking toward Leon. “Did you ever think of joining Nibiru? Do you think he’d spare the rest of us if you just give him what he wants?”
Leon barely gave the idea a second thought. “No, and I can't say what Nibiru will do, but I'm not taking any chances.”
After another short moment of silence, Lilith opened a portal. “Maybe I should come back.”
“Forget it,” Sara said. “Do Leon a favor and send me to New Haven. There’s no point in fighting anymore.”
In an instant, the sight of Sara being so upset made Leon begin to question himself. He gently grabbed her by the arm when she began moving toward the portal.
Depressed and angry, Sara pulled away.
“Please wait,” Leon begged. “You're right. And I'm sorry if I hurt you. I’d take it back if I could. You have to believe that I was only trying to protect everyone. But you're right. I should have told them.”
Lilith stood by Leon. “Do you know what you're saying? Sara, I understand your concerns, but trust me. People can easily lose all resolve if they believe there is no hope.”
“No,” Leon said. “I can't do this alone. Not anymore. Send us to Vesuvia. The Council will need to see what Sara saw.”
Doubtful, Lilith changed her portal’s destination with a mere thought. “Good luck.”
Back in his house, Leon stood patiently a short distance from the front door as Sara sat at the table and waited.
Minutes went by.
Angry with Leon as she was, Sara didn’t want anything bad to happen to him. She sobbed as her thoughts of Nibiru and the Shadow Seed raced uncontrollably through her head. Thoughts she knew would be used against Leon.
It wasn't long until Leon sensed several people approaching. The door swung open with Marus and Helen entering with a few others escorting them.
Marus strolled right up to Leon. “Have you peeked outside your window recently?”
Helen sat with Sara. “The Council wishes to express their deepest apologies. I promise we will do all we can to find a solution. And don't worry about Leon. We're not quite as unforgiving as you think.”
Sara said nothing as she simply stared at the table.
Parting the curtains slightly, Leon could see his home completely surrounded by fellow Vesuvians. It didn't look like an angry mob, but they didn't seem too happy either.
“Leon, you fool,” Marus said. “Over half the city knows your little secret. You should have told the Council at least. The elders are up in arms.”
Leon scanned the crowd. “There was no need to cause a panic. Take my word that these people are either not going to fight anymore, or they’re going to try to cut a deal with the Pelasgians.”
Marus put his hand on Leon’s shoulder. “Right now may not be the best time to be in the city. You need to get out. Take Sara back to New Haven. Hopefully, everyone will have simmered down by the time you return.”
“Do you really think I was wrong?” Leon asked.
“Between you and me, no,” Marus answered. “But I have to play the uptight politician. You, you're in a tight spot. There's absolutely no way we can guarantee your safety. Not with everything going on. The Council has to focus on the Pelasgians.”
Leon sunk with a feeling that he had more to worry about than ever before. “Thanks. We'll be on our way then. If I don't see you again, it's been miserable.”
Marus barely contained his laughter. “I can only imagine.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Nedim was trying to meditate outside the barracks on the fourth tier. It was difficult, with the sounds of yelling and crying all around him. Opening his eyes revealed the glow of dozens of fires throughout the city.
The barracks had been turned into a makeshift infirmary.
Inside, Janah cried out as Kadir tightened a bandage around her arm. “Oww!”
Kadir grabbed an herbal leaf and placed it over another cut. “It's not that bad, you crybaby.”
“Shut up.” Janah frowned. “This hurts. I don't see you with a bunch of cuts and bruises.”
“That's because I don't fight like I've got something to prove,” Kadir said. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were enjoying all of this.”
Janah shrank with some awkwardness. “You’ve known me ever since I was little, Kadir. Yeah, I fight `cause I like it. But before this, all we ever did was train. All-day. Every day. Train.”
Kadir finished up the last bandage and sat back. “You thought there wouldn’t be anyone to fight, did you?”
“After the first invasion, no,” Janah said. “Unless you’re a Vesuvian, I don’t think anyone is alive from then. And I always wondered what it must have been like, or how I would have done.”
“Then you're trying to prove something, to yourself,” Kadir said.
Janah tried to laugh, but she was too tired and was beginning to choke up. “Funny, how excited I was to finally see how good I am. Couldn't wait to mix it up. But today, after the barricade went down and we were struggling...I thought I was going to die.”
Kadir put his arm around Janah. “It's okay. You'd be crazy if you thought you were invincible. If it makes you feel better, the thought of death crept into the back of my mind as well. So, don't be ashamed. A lot of people will tell you that it's what keeps you alive. Or at least keeps you from doing something stupid.”
Talik came from downstairs, followed by Amarna, Sayar, and Sadi.
Janah quickly turned away to wipe any tears before Sayar could see her.
“Where's Nedim?” Amarna asked.
“Outside,” Kadir answered. “I think he's been meditating for the last hour or so.”
As Sadi stepped out with Amarna, Sayar and Talik sat with Janah and Kadir.
“Things are a mess,” Sayar said. He noticed Janah avoiding eye contact, and for a very brief moment wanted to badger her. “First reports say we lost close to a quarter of our soldiers. Hundreds are missing, and the city is dangerously exposed to another attack.”
Talik gave Kadir a canteen. “The Pelasgians breached Siriso on all sides, but it looks like the southwestern wall was hit hardest. It’s a miracle we got out of there alive.”
“Why did they retreat?” Janah asked.
“Good question,” Sayar said, scratching his mane. “Maybe they suffered too many losses. The count so far suggests that we killed two for every man lost. I doubt at that rate we’d have won.”
Nedim came in with Sadi and Amarna. “When did you plan on leaving?” he asked.
“As soon as possible,” Sayar answered. “The Vesuvians are practically begging for reinforcements. I don't like the idea of taking our forces away from the city, but it looks like the fight has moved and we need to be there.”
“What if it's a trick?” Janah asked. “You know, what if when we pull our army away from the city the Pelasgians come back?”
Sayar clearly hadn't thought of that and didn't know how to answer.
“Nothing is easy, is it?” said Nedim. “Clearly we can't leave the city defenseless.”
“Abandon Siriso,” Sadi suggested.
Almost gasping, Amarna balked at the idea. “Never. If the Pelasgians were to return they could make the city their own and use it as a stronghold. I will not allow them to take Siriso without a fight.”
Nedim became lost in thought as he slowly walked around the room.
Talik raised his hand. “I got it! We abandon the city and burn it to the ground.”
Aside from Nedim, everyone stared blankly at Talik.
Sayar wrapped both hands around his head with embarrassment. “Did you have to say that in front of the Anubians? This is why I never put you in charge. There’s no way we’re going to raze the city. It’ll take years just to repair the outer walls.”
“What about the catacombs?” Nedim asked.
“I believe they are safe,” Amarna replied. “What do you have in mind?”
Nedim kneeled and started drawing a plan out in the dirt and sand. “We can take anyone who is unable to fight and move them through there. It should be safe for the time being. As for Siriso, we can leave a small force to resist the Pelasgians should if they return.”
“He’s right,” Janah said. “The passageways in the catacombs lead to small docks along the river outside the city. Some lead to hidden entryways in the desert. I swear we passed one on our way back.”
Amarna had a somber expression on her face, looking at the others, hoping that someone would come up with another idea. “We have no choice then. Sadi, I'm sorry you're not going to have much to work with. Do you think you can pull it off?”
Sadi wasn’t the least bit surprised. “I can scramble a bunch of small mobile groups. But it really all depends on what the Pelasgians come at us with if they come back.”
Nedim swiftly stood by Sadi. “I suppose I should stay as well.”
“Sorry.” Sayar was quick to intervene. “You're coming with, Nedim. The Pelasgians may not even return, and you know I'm going to need you at Vesuvia.”
Sadi could tell Nedim didn't want to leave her.
“Don't worry,” Janah said. “I'll make sure nothing happens to him.”
As Sadi and Nedim looked at one another as though it may be the last time, Amarna and the Persians hastily exited the room.
“I guess you have to go,” Sadi said.
Nedim held her hands as he kissed her. “You have my word. I will return. Even if it's the last thing I do.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Sara dropped from the forest canopy to the ground, landing on her feet. After waiting a few seconds, she looked up behind her.
It was night. The moon was full, and the clouds were sparse. An owl's hooting and crickets' chirping filled the darkness.
Moments later Leon arrived similarly. His eyes were completely black. “What's wrong?” he asked.
“You're lagging,” Sara answered.
Leon turned back, sniffing the air and listening. “Something ain’t right.”
Sara looked around. “What do you mean? We've got a clear sky, and I don't smell anything.”
“I can’t really tell,” Leon said. “Maybe Pelasgians, but I'm pretty sure they're not around.”
Sara used what little Vesuvian blood she had to enhance her senses. The amount of new input was almost overwhelming, and she couldn’t make heads or tails of so much at once. “How do you sort through it?”
Leon relaxed his senses. “It takes some getting used to. I thought I was hearing things.”
“Like what?” Sara asked.
“Like we were being followed,” Leon said, “It could be a couple of animals, but at certain times I swear it sounded like it was keeping up with us. There aren’t many things that can do that. Then again, maybe it’s just me. I’m not getting anything now. How are you?”
Sara's eyes returned to normal as the Vesuvian blood in her ran dry. “I've been thinking. Considering the hundreds of ways the world could probably end, I guess I can't be too mad at you. Still, you should have told me.”
Leon grabbed a glaive and squeezed it in his hand to give more blood.
“No thanks,” Sara said. “New Haven must be close. I heard a bunch of commotion in that direction I think. It could be fighting, but...”
Leon picked up the sounds of sawing and hammers banging. “Construction,” he said. “Lots of it.”
Sara began walking hurriedly. “We better get a move on then.”
It wasn't long before they were within earshot for Sara to start hearing all the noise.
“Hey, hold up,” Leon said.
Sara crouched down thinking they were in danger. “What is it?”
Leon was visibly anxious. “I made a mistake not telling anyone.”
“Geez, Leon!” Sara said with relief. “I thought we were in trouble. I'm scared out of my mind enough as it is. Listen, I understand why you didn't want to tell everyone about Nibiru.”
“Then you're not mad?” Leon asked.
“Mad? No,” Sara answered. “I've been thinking about it, and to be honest, I feel unbelievably fortunate to be alive. You could have joined Nibiru all those years ago, couldn't you?”
Leon gave a nod.
Sara smiled with a mixture of joy and sadness. “I wouldn't be here if it weren't for you. I suppose I should thank you for that, at least.”
“Don't thank me,” Leon said. “I was made to protect this world, and I give you my word that I will die before ever joining Nibiru.”
Sara could see in Leon's eyes that there was no questioning his sincerity. “Let's hope Nibiru doesn't figure that out.”
They continued on until they reached the clearing in front of New Haven. Sara was stunned at the sight of the city. Hundreds of soldiers and workers were repairing the city's wall.
Sara could only stare in disbelief for a few moments before cautiously approaching one of the construction sites next to a tower.
Several soldiers spotted Sara and Leon and ran to them. “Guardians?” one asked.
“Yes,” Sara answered. “He's Vesuvian. What happened?”
“Pelasgians,” the soldier answered, “They had these huge monsters that tore through the wall like nothing. Fighting was nasty, but they eventually retreated. We're not sure where they are now.”
“Vesuvia,” said Leon. “They're going to wipe out my home if we don't do something soon.”
“C'mon, hurry,” Sara said, pulling at Leon as she tried getting into the city. With the number of workers, she had to squeeze her way between people.
“Sara, up here,” Richard called from the top of the tower.
Once they were able to get past the construction site, Leon followed Sara into the passageways that led up through the wall and into the tower.
Sara was all smiles stepping onto the summit. “Richard, you're a sight for sore eyes,” she said, hugging him.
Richard's troubled demeanor was visible across his face. He looked nervously at Sara as tried to find the words.
“What?” Sara asked. She hadn't noticed the equinox Richard was holding until he held it out, and saw that it was Arthur's.
“Sorry,” Richard said.
Sara knew what this meant. Taking Arthur's equinox, she felt her body go numb, and an immense feeling of loss. Tears flowed as she tried sitting on a small crate, only to miss it and fall to the floor.
Leon and Richard quickly went over to help Sara. Both knew there was nothing they could do or say to console her.
It was hard for Leon to see Sara in such a devastated state. “I have to go.”
Richard shook hands with the Vesuvian. “Thanks for taking care of her.”
Leon hopped up to the edge of the summit. With one last look at Sara, he leaped down to the clearing and then dashed into the forest.
Richard grabbed another crate and sat next to Sara, wrapping his arms around her as she sobbed. “We’ll make them pay.”
At the speed he was going, Leon was well into the woods when he began hearing odd noises again. It was the sound of breaking twigs and rustling of leaves. Coming to a stop, he was sure now that he was being followed not by one, but several people.
Leon drew his sword and waited as the noise came closer. Soon, directly ahead of and from both sides, a large group of Vesuvians from different Houses emerged.
A Doran male with spiky, red hair spoke. “We hear you have a ticket out of the apocalypse.”
“Leuk, you need to get back to the city now,” Leon said.
Some of the Vesuvians laughed. The fact that they were all able to follow Leon told him that they were sharing blood between them.
Leuk pulled a knife out. “I don't think so. Without you, the Pelasgians have no reason to be here.”
“You're making a mistake,” Leon growled.
With an evil grin, Leuk shook his head. “No, you're the mistake.”
The cost of blood in a drawn-out fight against numerous Vesuvians from all the Houses would be extremely high, especially if those Vesuvians were sharing blood.
Knowing this, Leon did the only thing he could think of. Run. It was easy to blow past the Vesuvians, but in less than a second, he began to feel warm and uncomfortable.
The Doran used their powers to boil Leon's blood as they chased him.
If it weren't for the fact that he was made from the blood of the Council, Leon probably would have bled out. Instead, the immediate effect was minimal but caused him to expend more blood as he still had to resist the power trying to make him burst.
Leon made a hard turn. He was very familiar with the woods and knew that just ahead was his only chance of survival. Grabbing two glaives, he squeezed hard, filling his hands with blood.
In the middle of the woods, the trees suddenly opened up to a very massive gorge in the earth.
Leon jumped into the blackness with the Vesuvians diving in after him like rabid dogs.
The only way now was down.
As Leon fell, the blood from his hands lit up. At first, it was a soft glow, rapidly growing brighter and brighter.
With nowhere to hide, the Vesuvians exploded into cinder as they were engulfed by light that became so luminous, some of the people as far away as New Haven could see it.
Everyone in the city gaped in wonder.
Richard was certainly amazed. “Something tells me that wasn't a falling star.”
And as much as Sara wanted to believe it was, a single thought came to mind. “Leon.”

###

~From the author~
Words can’t express how thankful I am of everyone’s support thus far. I hope you have found the story to be exciting and are looking forward to Vesuvian Starlight, now available!

Jose Rodriguez Jr.
Follow me on Twitter Jose Rodriguez (@JoseRod74866629) / Twitter

