
SHARED SKIES
,==\=--.
Book One 



Josephine O'Brien




Shared Skies: Book one Copyright © 2014 
By: Josephine O'Brien

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters and incidents are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission.

For more information contact: 3sharedskies@gmail.com or visit the author's website at 
facebook.comSharedSkies1

Editing by: Helen Williams






Dedication
,.
This book would never have seen the light of day if it weren't for the support and encouragement of my wonderful daughters.
Rachel, Heather, and Hazel.
Three of the best things in my life.


SHARED SKIES
,==\=--.
Book One



Josephine O'Brien


Prologue
,.
London 2002
Pick me. Pick me. Pick me. You want to pick me.
The little girl stood to the side, fists tightly clenched in her pinafore pockets. Her shining blue eyes never left the face of the figure skipping over every thwack of the rope on the playground cement. Sing-song words kept time with bouncing hair and the scuff of shoes.
"I've jumped my jumps and now it's time. 
 I'm going to call a friend of mine."
The skipping girl smiled as she looked around the hopeful faces.
"I'm going to call?" her voice faltered. "I'm going to call? to call? Gaiah"
Gaiah's fists un-furled and she bounded forward. Her cheeks were pink with excitement and her floppy blonde curls couldn't hide her grin. She bounced on her toes, face to face with the caller, ready to join in.
An indignant wail stopped the game and one end of the rope hit the ground.
"Jane Stack! I'm your best friend!  It's my turn. You're supposed to pick me! Why'd you pick her?"
Jane shuffled back from Gaiah and looked around at the voice's red-faced owner.
"Umm? I? dunno..."  She looked back at Gaiah and away again quickly. "I didn't mean to pick her. Anyway, this is a stupid game. I don't want to play. C'mon, I'll share my lunch with you."
Mollified, her friend allowed herself to be led away. The other girls silently followed their lead. Gaiah stood kicking at the limp rope; fists clenched again, tears, a blink away from overflowing.
London 2007
The kittens were used to her by this time, and purred in furry bundles on her lap. Being out of junior school meant nobody noticed where she was at lunchtime.  When the mewing had led her to the cat and her kittens, there'd been no problem bringing an old jumper and a feeding bowl into school. Now, this was the high point of the day, slipping out into the back yard to sit with them in the shed, between the stacks of folding chairs and old desks. The kittens didn't care that she was awkward and lonely. They were always pleased to see her, and this was a new experience.
Their soft claws snagged on her skin as they played with her fingers. The door banged open. Though she was definitely out of sight, she froze and silently urged the kittens to be quiet.
The voices carried clearly. "It's not that I've ever had any trouble with her, really." There was a pause while a match was struck.
"I know what you mean." A second voice answered and Gaiah recognized the voice of her year head. The smell of cigarettes wafted down to her.
"It sounds daft, but you know the way we let the older girls volunteer to help with the junior school outings? Well, I keep a strict rota so everyone gets a turn, but last night when I was making it out for this year, I realized that Gaiah had been a volunteer on every single one and I can't explain it! I don't remember putting her name down."
Smoke curled around the corner. "I know what you mean, she's very disconcerting. I find I try to avoid her and I'm never too sure why, she makes me uncomfortable. She's a straight A student but honestly, I'm not sure I've ever asked her to work something out in class for me."
"Don't get me wrong, but I'll be glad when she moves up out of my class. Those eyes of hers? Maybe it's just the fact that she's older than the others? She started school later than most. Have you ever met her father?"
A shoe scrubbed around on the flagstones, putting out a cigarette, and the door slammed on the answer.
Gaiah's tightening scowl saw off the urge to cry. "I don't care, I don't like any of them anyway." She whispered to the kittens, and they batted at her hair as she buried her face in her arms. "Who cares what they think."
=+;+=

Chapter One
,.
The faces just didn't match.
The folder lay open on the head's desk; her eyes flicked from the photo of the beaming child with blonde curls to the sullen, shuttered face of the teenager opposite her, and back again. If the situation hadn't been so serious, it might have been amusing to watch her trying to reconcile them, but Gaiah looked away. The policewoman sitting across from her was making her nervous.
Sunlight forced its way off the London streets through the Venetian blinds, painting the room with dull, yellow bands of dancing dust. While she waited for someone to say something, Gaiah stared at the tiny motes; she tracked the particles as they floated down onto the large, battered desk towered with files, forms, report books and copies. Mrs. Thompson, the headmistress, sat behind this desk. She pushed her lank, grey hair out of her eyes, ignored the other people in the room, and focused on the opened file.
Gaiah sighed; it wasn't the first time she'd been called to this office, but it was the first time there had been so many other people involved. She could almost read the questions writing their way across the principal's tired face. How had all this happened? When did Gaiah's 'punk' haircut and attitude appear? The file was thick with accounts of truancy, lack of respect and intimidation. Yet it didn't contain one record of a home visit or one interview with her father, the only relative listed.
Of course, the file contained numerous recommendations for home visits, made by many teachers over the years. Gaiah had just made sure they never happened, that was all. This time though, things had gotten out of hand.
Jane Stack had a lump the size of an egg on her head, and her friends' nosebleeds had been so severe the school nurse had sent them home. Their parents had made a complaint to the police, and they had sent Officer Bryant, a representative from their 'Police Safe School Co-ordination Scheme' to investigate. Bryant made the first move. Her voice, clear and authoritative, broke the silence in the dimly lit room.
"I have interviewed the alleged victims. There's a lot of confusion surrounding this incident. The girls can't agree on the sequence of events, not even who was attacked first. The complaints are vague. Jane said the attack was completely unprovoked, and that her friends, rushing to her rescue, had been viciously beaten by Gaiah."
The head opened her mouth, but Bryant held up her hand and continued, "However, I also interviewed the caretaker, who was emptying bins in the corridor at the time. He said Jane and her friends elbowed past Gaiah, knocked her sandwich from her hands and walked on it. He thought that there was some malfunction with the lights then, because he couldn't see clearly, but next thing, those girls were on the floor shouting and bleeding while Gaiah still appeared to be scraping up her lunch." She paused.
Gaiah glanced up at her from her position on one of the mis-matched chairs around the desk. There was no way to make eye contact. The policewoman wasn't looking at her. She was pushing her dark hair back behind her ears while reading her notes. Her hair, coming loose from a French plait, fell around a face which, seemed naturally inclined to smiling, but it definitely wasn't smiling now.
Bryant continued, "But clearly, some violent outburst occurred in this school on Monday morning. Looking through these files, the pattern developing over the last few years suggests Gaiah Hansfort could indeed be capable of this loss of control. I am amazed at the inaction of the school with regard to Gaiah, and I am personally taking charge of the situation." As she spoke, she turned to Gaiah, and studied her.
Okay, now's the time to get this thing over with. There was no guarantee it would work, but it was worth a try. Gaiah raised her eyes from the study of her fingernails and looked up at Bryant, but the policewoman's close scrutiny was disconcerting. Seeing herself through Bryant's eyes was not pleasant. The savagely shorn hair and bitten nails, deliberately blank and distant blue eyes, and her wide mouth tightened into a thin line. Gaiah didn't like the view and she lost the opportunity to fix things.
Bryant returned to her notes, and while she initialed the pages, she said, "Listen, Gaiah, I would very much like to speak to your father. I'm sure he'd want to help, wouldn't he?"
Gaiah shrugged.
"I'm sorry, but this has to be dealt with. You seem determined to say nothing, not even to give your side of things. Please realize I'm here to help in any way I can. You're over eighteen, This could potentially be an assault case, let's try and keep it within the Safe School's remit, shall we?"
Gaiah stared at the policewoman, waiting for the moment when she could make all this go away. Damn, damn, damn, this isn't going right. She bit shreds of nail from the thumb of her tightly clenched fist.
Eyes down, Bryant turned another page. "The school has agreed to my request that you stay at home for a day or two. So please, tell your father I'll be around at ten o' clock tomorrow morning to discuss this with both of you. I have to warn you though, if you don't help us sort this situation out, this report," and she waved the Manila file in her hand, "could go a lot further than my desk." She looked at Gaiah, waiting for agreement.
Gaiah held her gaze, You must forget-  The thought wasn't even formed when a pager on Bryan's belt emitted three insistent beeps. The police officer glanced down at it and got to her feet. "Excuse me, I have to deal with this," she said and strode out of the room.
Mrs. Thompson, sighed deeply, "Gaiah, dear, are you sure there's nothing you want to say, to help yourself, to help us?"
There was nothing to say. I can't believe it. I can't believe I haven't even tried yet.
A knock on the door forestalled any more pleas from Mrs. Thompson. The secretary opened the door enough to peer in and say, "Police officer Bryant asked me to apologize for her and to tell you she'd been called away urgently. She said to confirm that she'd be seeing you," she nodded towards Gaiah, "tomorrow at ten." The click of the closing door behind her, echoed in the silence.
"Can I go home now?" The muttered question was barely audible.
Mrs. Thompson stood. "Yes, yes. I'll ring your father now to inform him about tomorrow."
"No phone," another shrug.
Mrs. Thompson nodded. "Of course, I remember now, no phone. Well, in that case, yes, go straight home." She walked around the desk and stood in front of her student.
The chair scraped loudly on the wooden floor as Gaiah stood. She was a full head taller than the principal who patted her awkwardly on the arm. "Don't worry Gaiah. I'm sure things will be fine, we'll work something out."
Gaiah forced a small, thin-lipped smile to accompany the nod of her head, before she slouched out of the office. Her drab, brown school-jumper fell in loose folds from her hunched shoulders. Her hands were still fists, deep in her jeans pockets, ready to defend herself from the world.
Outside, on the steps of the school, Gaiah drew a deep breath. The bright September sky was high, and the trees on Notting Hill still rustled their summer greenery, yet, for all their impact, it might as well have been the dullest, dampest day in February. She scuffed her boots along the grey, gum-circled pavements, in no hurry to get home.
Almost obliviously, she walked through the gushes of warm, stale air from the underground and past the ribbon of travel agencies and food shops.
Oh, for God's sake! Now what am I going to do?
Automatically slowing to allow a red double decker bus to turn from Kensington Church Street, she crossed to the white brick maze of Linden Gardens. This park with its sheltering trees and reflected light was usually the favourite part of her walk home. Home to the huge, old house, her father had brought her to eleven years ago. Where he'd knocked the top two floors into a massive, airy studio, and left the remainder of the echoing house, with its endless nooks and crannies, for Gaiah to explore alone.
Her dark eyebrows furrowed towards each other. She's going to call tomorrow and I can't stop her. Once she meets Dad, I won't be able to do a damn thing. She'll tell him everything.
A horrifying prospect. Anyone in her father's vicinity was as impervious to her suggesting abilities as he was. She tugged the sleeves of her jumper down and curled her fingers into the cuffs to prevent herself from chewing her nails, while she tried to think her way out of this disaster.
There'd been no chance with Bryant, no moment of eye contact to 'suggest' to her, that calling tomorrow was an idea to forget.
The only thing to do was to wait at the door tomorrow morning and catch that woman before she met Dad. Suggest to her that there had been a successful meeting and everything was satisfactorily in hand.
'Suggesting' such a major change was a new concept. But ever since her seventeenth birthday, this ability had been getting stronger.  The scary thing was that it was getting beyond her control. It's stupid that I don't even know if Dad has this ability too, though I suppose if he had, he'd be making people flock to buy his sculptures, and Oh God, if he didn't have it and I told him about me?The thought of his panic and confusion always stopped her seeking his help.
"Godamn it!" Louder than intended, the outburst caused an elderly lady to frown in her direction and hasten her steps as she passed by.
Bloody hell, it's always bloody Jane Stack. Can't believe all I wanted in junior school was to be her friend. Silly cow always got me into trouble. And now, I can't bloody believe it? the police!
That reaction to the bullies on Monday and its strength had been so shocking, she hadn't pulled herself together fast enough to smooth things over. Even worse, none of it had been consciously planned. As usual, Jane and her gang had used her as the butt of yet another of their infantile jokes. They'd giggled and high fived as they left Converse prints on her food. The red heat filling her face had contrasted with an icy calm in her head. How she'd hated them, just desperately wishing they'd leave. She'd glared at them, eyes hot with anger. Those girls sure screeched as they'd slammed themselves into the far wall. Despite the trouble it had caused, the memory of it gave her a dark satisfaction.
How the hell had all that happened? All this, and it's only the start of the year. I'll have to get a grip.
Head down, she walked through the wavering puddles of sunlight created by the huge trees lining their street. God, I'm sick and tired of all this. Yeah, she'd seen the photo in the Principal's office too, and could hardly believe that once, in Scotland, and in what seemed like someone else's life, she had been that girl, full of joy and confidence, sure of the world and of her place in it. And that hair! She remembered the feel of the silky curls.
Unbidden, her hands went to her head. Her scalp prickled and hairs tickled at her ears. The growth that always began imperceptibly mid-afternoon had started. It grew to her waist every night, every single, God damn night. Hacking it almost to the roots every day before school, and bringing scissors for the days she had extra classes, seemed to be the only way to prevent people from noticing what was happening to her.
A whole year of wishing it would stop as suddenly as it started, of dumping bags full of hair in wheelie-bins. A whole, endless, awful year since her seventeenth birthday.
The terror of that night had never left; the night when she was woken by something soft and dry brushing slowly across her face and neck. Even here, walking along in the safe sunshine, her heart sped up at that sickening memory. How she had leapt out of bed, frantically groping for the light switch. How she had stared transfixed at her reflection. Her hair, which had been barely to her shoulders, now curling down her back.
Despite good intentions, she was picking at the sides of her nails. Most of that day had been spent sitting on her bed, stomach clenched with horror, and her mind in a numbed tailspin of disbelief, watching the shining tendrils inch their way down around her. She'd been terrified. Terrified she was going crazy, that this wasn't really happening, or that it was happening and was never going to stop. By early evening it stopped, and her hair hung to the tops of her thighs.
Her father's reaction, when he finally appeared, was, "hasn't it always been like that?"
Anyway, he thought it looked so beautiful and so like her mother's that he plunged into another bout of depression and stayed closeted in his studio for the next two weeks.
She rubbed her hand across the chopped spikiness, already beginning to soften with length.
Why on earth didn't I just say I'd had extensions. That would have been so much easier. Because I panicked, that's why and just wanted it gone. Of course, the new look kept people at bay. Which is the safest thing for me, isn't it? She sighed and dug her hands deeper into her pockets. Her scowling reflection kept pace with her as she passed the shining windows of well-kept houses.
The garish posters peeling off the window of the internet café caught her attention. Maybe I'll go in for a while? Check again, something new might be up, or, I could tweet this latest disaster to the world? The year long search for anyone with the same problems had resulted in nothing, absolutely nothing. Millions of people were losing their hair or were frantic about too much body hair, but no one whose hair grew thick and strong beyond their waist every night. She was completely alone. Complaining in one hundred and forty characters to an uncaring Twitter world was some comfort. These deliberations were interrupted by a clipboard being waved in her face and a loud voice close behind it.
"'Ello, darlin'. We're doing a survey for No Limit Broadband, just need a minute of your-"
"No thank you, not now."
His cheesy grin faded. "Come on sweetheart, just a few questions." His hand reached for her arm.
She barely broke her stride, just looked in his direction and met his gaze.
'I must run.' The words seemed to leap from her head to his.
He ran. With a small smile, Gaiah watched his pages scattering and his shirt tails flying. She'd feel guilty later, but for now it felt good. She decided to continue home.

Pushing open the heavy, creaking front door, this was the time to listen out for the music signals coming from her father's studio. If it was Dylan, the Beatles, or any soft rock, he was in the contemplative stage of work, her signal to leave him alone. If it was the Stones or Zeppelin he was hewing and carving, and equally wanted to be left alone. Either way, left alone.
Gaiah shrugged and headed through the large, paneled door to her right, into the kitchen. As always, the room smelled of fresh coffee, her father's eternally brewing pot stood, still steaming, on one side of the hob. Sunlight streamed through the huge multi-paned window, warming patches on the terracotta floor.
She flung herself into one of the small, soft armchairs at either side of a dark green Aga. This was the most comfortable room in the house, but it was here she always felt most alone. It should be alive with conversation and laughter, but instead, it was just way too big and very empty.
On the few occasions they ate together, they were more inclined to read than talk. This was easier. What could she say? "Hey Dad, today I made the maths teacher give the whole class their homework off." Or, "today I tried to join the chess club, but no one would pair up with me." It was easier to tell a few lies about her life and read her book. She picked it up.
Two pieces of hot, buttered toast, a cup of tea and three chapters later, things seemed a bit better. Tomorrow could be dealt with. The music was finished. That meant work was paused. Maybe I can have a chat, a cheerful, casual chat with him. Maybe today's a day when he'll tell me something more about my mother.
She ran up the curved staircase, past the huge stained glass windows, now exhibiting their abstract designs on the pale walls. Her father's studio was never out of bounds. However, if he was involved in a piece, he would look up, distant and bewildered, and, no matter what the issue was, ask, "Don't we have a housekeeper for this sort of thing?"
The door swung open at a touch. Her father was on his knees in front of a tree stump he was carving, his head in his hands. He looked up as she came towards him, and she could see his red rimmed eyes.
"Dad, can we talk?"
He shook his head. "I'm sorry, Gaiah? I just can't? I don't know what's happening.  Almost eleven years on and I can still feel her near me. Much more so, these last few months...I can't think straight. Every so often I feel I am creating something that will have her spirit in it, but..." he trailed off. Tentatively, she rested her hand on his shoulder as he stared into space. There would be no answers today.
;
Later, as she chased sleep, her father filled her thoughts, and how he had never really dealt with her mother's death. There was a girl in her class, whose mother died four years ago and her father was already married again. Yet, her dad always behaved as if he were recently bereaved. She'd looked up depression on the internet, his wasn't the worst in the world, but it was difficult to share a house with. Although she loved him dearly and knew he loved her, she wished her father was more?normal.
Him, normal? The thought suddenly seemed absurd. What's so normal about me? I'm some kind of freak of nature and he's helpless and depressed, God knows what Mum would have been like!
A longing for her mother squeezed her heart hard enough to make her gasp. She curled up tight, closed her eyes and, as so often before, tried to dredge her mind for any forgotten detail. Above all, she could remember the lemony smell of her mother's shampoo, the soft feel of her cheek, but then her face seemed to blur with that of Gaiah's grandmother, and she was never exactly sure who she was remembering.
She swung out from under the quilt, padded in a few cold footsteps to her dressing table and pulled open the top drawer. There was no need for light to find what she was looking for. It was where it always was, in the faded floral box that her grandmother had given her. She slid the photo from its plastic covering and held it by its edge. Faded and creased, it showed a tall, slim woman whose curly hair hung well below her waist, laughing up at a giant bear of a man whose arms were wrapped around her as if he would never let her go.
Back in bed, she lay with the photo of her parents close to her face, trying to lose herself in it, and will herself back to when they lived on a wooded hillside in Inverness. She turned over, thumped the pillow, pulled the duvet snug under her chin and set about designing the perfect person to talk to. Someone who understands what is happening to me and can explain it. Someone, who'll talk about ideas rather than discos. Fun, tall, handsome, interested in art, music, maybe only the music I like? No, I won't be closed-minded about music?Maybe very handsome? Someone interested in wildlife? Hmm, maybe.
The photo slipped from her fingers and she fell asleep before she could decide.
;
During their silent breakfast next morning, she kept an eye on the clock. This business with Bryant definitely had to be dealt with before it got any worse.
While she was getting dressed, the shrill of the doorbell made her jump. What? Oh no! It's only nine thirty. What the hell? Damn, damn, damn, Dad's going to get it!
The front door groaned open.
"Mr. Andrew Hansfort?" The voice of Officer Bryant carried clearly up the stairs. "I'm from the School Liaison Department of the local police. Thanks for meeting me. I'd like a word with you about Gaiah, if I may come in for a minute?"
"Of course, come in, I'll call Gaiah." He sounded bemused,
"No, if you don't mind, Mr. Hansfort, it would be better if the two of us could have a few moments alone, first."
The drawing room door thumped closed behind them.
=+;+=
Chapter Two
,.
Crap. How could this have happened? There went the last chance to 'suggest' at Bryant. The scissors slipped in her grip as she hurried to finish her hair. It only took a few minutes, but it felt endless. She ran downstairs and burst into the spacious, sparsely furnished room.
Bright sun through the wide bay window made silhouettes of the two seated figures. "You said ten o'clock," she accused the policewoman.
Officer Bryant nodded, "Well, it seems your father knew nothing of this appointment anyway." Her face suggested she wasn't a bit surprised.
Andrew, sitting at the opposite end of a large sofa from the policewoman, looked even more haggard and lost than ever. "I don't understand this, Gaiah. What's going on? You? attacking people? It's not possible. This woman says you appear to be friendless. That the pupils and teachers all avoid you. I can't believe it. What about the friends and parties you tell me about, the shopping trips, the drama club?the chess??"
A cold paralysis of shock and guilt held her in place, staring at father.
"Dad... I?" There was nothing to say. She forced her legs to move and walked hesitantly across the room and sank to her knees beside him, at the edge of the sofa. Hesitantly, she touched his arm, tears beginning to sting her eyes.
Andrew leant forward and buried his face in his huge sculptor's hands, kneading and massaging his forehead and temples, as if trying to force understanding of the situation into his head.
All the lies, all the stories she'd told him, were revealed. She'd told him she was getting on with her life. She knew he just wanted to hear all was well, that she was sociable and normal in the outside world. The world he was incapable of dealing with. Until this moment, she'd maintained the image, but now the truth was clear. She was as lost as he. Her father had never looked so broken.
He sighed, "Oh sweetheart" and opened his arms.
Bryant coughed gently. Gaiah glared up at her, furious at this woman for tearing down the façade of her life. Bryant's face had softened as she watched these unguarded family dynamics, the sympathy in her eyes obvious. Gaiah had been cornered by her own loneliness and lies.

The officer stood. "Look, I've been in touch with the Stack family and they say there's a history of trouble with you, but they won't press charges as long as you don't return to school."
"That's okay with me. I'm old enough to leave school, and I really can't bear that place." There were no tissues in any of her pockets, so she dragged her sleeve across her eyes.
Bryant shook her head. "Abandoning your education at this stage is not really a solution, is it? You're far too clever to give up and waste all the work you've put in. I'm sure your father wouldn't want that either?" She glanced at Andrew for confirmation.
He nodded. "Gaiah, I know you don't want to drop out of school. I've seen the prospectus for university in the kitchen. Surely, there's some solution? Maybe if she apologizes to the girls?" He looked up, hopefully, at the policewoman.
Bryant's hair fell forward as she shook her head. "I think it's gone beyond that. The Stacks really will press charges if she goes back there, and even if it is only circumstantial evidence, there is enough here-," she indicated the file she was holding, "to call for an investigation, which would be very unpleasant. The school, even if they never took action, took copious notes, which have now been sent to my department and while there is nothing major here, there is a long history of problematic behaviour."
Bryant sat in one of the two large armchairs facing the couch and leant forward. "I know you are eighteen, but the fact these assault complaints came to my desk and you are still at school means that I get to keep an eye on you. I'm not here to cause trouble, honestly, Gaiah. I'm here to help you if I can."
Gaiah sighed and moved up onto the couch, sitting as close as possible to her father. How could things have fallen apart so quickly? The sound of passing traffic seemed to belong to a different world.
Andrew ran his hands through his disheveled, sandy hair. The lines on his long face were deeper than ever. Bryant broke the silence. "What can you tell me about your grandparents? Could they help? It says here that you lived near them in Scotland?"
"Well, yes, until I was six, as they didn't stick around long after mum died." She could still almost see the visibly diminished figures of her beloved grandparents, as they told her that they needed to grieve on their own for a while.
Andrew took Gaiah's hand. "They just seemed to disappear. I know I wasn't functioning well, but I couldn't even find their house."
She tightened her cold hand on his. She remembered them, in a fog of grief, driving around and around familiar areas without once finding the haven that had been her grandparents' house.
"Perhaps if you give me any phone number you have, I may be able to trace them?"
"It's disconnected." They had tried and tried. For a week or two it had just rung out. Then there was only an automated voice saying the number didn't exist.
"Do you even have their last address?" Bryant asked Andrew, who shrugged helplessly. "I do," Gaiah crossed over to the mahogany desk that filled the bay window. She didn't need to look up the address, to write it down, she remembered it perfectly. The address in Craigphadraig, Inverness where she had sent a card every Christmas for years, before giving up when the seventh one was returned with 'address unknown' stamped across it.
"You're not going to find them, y' know. I saw them every week of my life, without fail, for six years and then, they just left me! Never heard from them again. Maybe they blamed dad and me for their daughter dying, I don't know." She spoke lightly, but couldn't keep the hurt and loneliness from her voice.
Bryant spoke. "Look, leave it with me. It's quite obvious your dad wasn't aware of this situation."
Andrew spread his hands in a gesture of helplessness. "I'd no idea. I'm afraid I?I wasn't?I'm not...very aware of what happens outside my studio. I haven't been any help to Gaiah at all. I'm so sorry."
Gaiah took one of his hands. "Oh Dad, there's nothing you could have done anyway. Please don´t worry."
Bryant looked at them both and said, "Listen, if I could get Gaiah in somewhere else, just for the next few months, to finish her education, wouldn't that be good?" She turned slightly towards Gaiah. "A new place where no one knows you, no preconceptions or history, and then you could be off to university with all this behind you."
This did sound a bit like an option. Despite the bravado, she really didn't want to give up her studies. They were all she had been interested in for the last year or two. The challenge of upping her grades every term had been her main occupation, as she sure as hell hadn't been socializing.
Bryant seemed to take her silence for consent. She stood and packed away her files and pens. "As I said, leave things with me. Study at home for the next day or two. These things take time. I'll be in touch." Andrew escorted her to the front door, clearing his throat and swallowing hard as he thanked her for her concern.
Perhaps I should run after her? Pretend I found their phone number. Make her decide all was as it should be and close the file.
Before she could act, Andrew called her. "Gaiah, we need to talk."  Reluctantly, she followed him into the kitchen. Once again, there went an opportunity to 'suggest' at Bryant.

They sat across from each other at the gleaming wooden table. He filled two mugs with fresh coffee and slid one across to her. His constant coffee drinking was one American habit he never lost in his move to Britain. "I'm so sorry, Gaiah, so sorry. I can see I've left you alone far too much, while I tried to cope with?everything.  I didn't realize how lost you were too, how you were struggling." The sleeves of his denim shirt were rolled up to the elbows and his hands engulfed his cup. "I know you think if you knew all about your mother, everything would be fine. And honestly, I'd love to tell you about her, but the truth is, whenever I try to think about that time, a fog comes down, it's a blur. No memories are clear, just the intensity of the feelings. Your mother was the most incredible person I ever met."
He paused, staring into his coffee cup as if it were a window to the past. He chewed the inside of his bottom lip; the effort of dredging up these memories and talking about them was obvious. "My life lit up when I met your mother, Gaiah. Nia and I were radiant and complete together, it was kinda like I saw and felt everything differently. And when we found out we were gonna have a baby, we felt truly blessed. From the moment she discovered she was pregnant, your mum called you her 'Darling Gaiah'.  A name I'd never heard before, but I loved it immediately. Then when you were born?my God?it was unbelievable?"
"We were very happy, weren't we Dad? I mean, really, truly happy. I remember Mum playing in the woods with me."
"Happy is way too small a word. Oh, Gaiah, I'd give anything to be able to tell you every detail about your mother. But the more I try to remember Nia, the more I lose her. All I know is that from the day I met her, I was filled with pure love, pure art, with the will and the ability to do anything, to create anything. That was when I started on the biggest work of my life, Spirit of the Forest. Your mother would bring you to the grove where I was working. You danced and played there like a little forest cherub until, in what seemed like minutes, the day was over and I had done wondrous work. I remember that happiness alright."
He smiled, a small sad smile. "We were a trinity, Gaiah, and in that trinity we were far, far more than just three people. We were a kind of force. Your grandparents added even more to us. When Alasdair and Kaley arrived every weekend, it was as if our world was complete." Gaiah closed her eyes. Andrew was opening the curtains on a magical panorama; she could nearly smell the pine cones in the forest.
"When your mother died, I?we... lost all that. You were only six. I thought time would heal us, and then Kaley and Alasdair left. I still tried Gaiah. I spent a whole year trying to cope there. But I plain couldn't. So, when the sale of The Spirit of the Forest made it possible, I jumped at the chance to take us out of Scotland and move. But since then, I've been living a half-life. Trying to?trying to?" His voice broke.
She yearned to help him, to take some of his pain, her vision blurred with tears as she rounded the table to hold him. The shock of discovering her unhappiness and loneliness had made him open up to her more than ever before and while she was glad of this, she was still filled with unanswered questions.
Andrew took a deep breath and banged his mug down on the table. He reached for the kitchen roll and blew his nose loudly. "Right, well...will we do something together today? Go to a park or something?a cinema??" He trailed off and she had to smile at him. He was going to try to fix ten years in an afternoon.
"It's okay dad, I'm fine, honestly, go back to your studio. We'll work things out and I really do have work to do."
He protested, but was already on his feet heading for the door. "Things must change, Gaiah. I'll come back down soon and we'll talk more."
The day slipped by. She finished some projects and caught up with the soaps she was following on TV. He appeared for the dinner Gaiah had cooked from the freezer. He was covered in clay and scribbling designs in a notebook, as usual. However, during the meal he also questioned her on her school life, and his eyes watched her carefully as she tried to make light of her situation.
Later, he kissed her goodnight, hugged her tightly and said, "Sleep well, don't worry. Let's see what tomorrow brings."
She worked up a smile and hugged him back. "Okay Dad, you too."
;
By three o'clock in the morning it was clear sleep was impossible. Restlessly changing positions and dozing for ten minutes at a time, she'd squirmed the sheets into hard, uncomfortable ridges. Something had to happen, to change. Her hair, this ability to influence people, it wasn't normal. It had to mean something, or at least, be good for something. She tip-toed down to the kitchen. In soft slippers and a thick, white dressing gown, she was a ghost figure, floating through the silent emptiness of her own house.
Ah, toast, the answer to everything. The melted butter dripped through her fingers as she bit into the warm, crunchy thickness of the wholemeal bread. But she still fidgeted and somehow fizzed inside. Anticipation, even excitement bubbled through her. Whatever this whole situation with school and Bryant meant, it was forcing something to happen.

Returning to bed, she fell into a fitful sleep until the doorbell, shrilling through the morning silence, shocked her awake. According to her bedside clock, it was only ten past nine. By the time Gaiah had pulled on her jeans and an old grey sweatshirt, Andrew was opening the door yet again, to Officer Bryant.  What? Why on Earth is she back again? Gaiah flew back to her room, twirled her hair into a tight bun, piled it into a black wooly hat and joined her father in the drawing room as quickly as possible. Officer Bryant's grim face matched her tone, as she said, "I must say I'm surprised and distressed at the lies you both saw fit to tell me yesterday." 
"What?" Gaiah's voice squeaked in shock.
"How dare you?" Andrew's voice overlapped Gaiah's.
Bryant held up a hand, and continued. "Directory enquiries had no trouble giving me a number, when I gave them the name and address you'd given me. Not only are Kaley and Alasdair Shaman at that address, when I rang them last evening, they told me they have always lived there. I had a long chat with them. They were sad, but not surprised to hear you'd told me they'd disappeared. They said you'd gone off the rails after their daughter died and refused them all contact with Gaiah."
Goose pimples prickled down Gaiah's arms. "That's not true,"
Andrew grabbed for one of the ornate chairs, and collapsed into it as if someone had punched him. Gaiah ran to him. "Tell her, Dad, tell her this is bullshit! I don't know who she was talking to but it sure as hell wasn't my grandparents. Tell her."
Getting no response from Andrew, Gaiah turned on Bryant. "This is completely mad. Show me any paperwork, any documentation at all to prove it."
Bryant stared blankly back at Gaiah, her eyes narrowed and she scrubbed at her temple with her fingertips. Frowning, Gaiah glanced at her father, was he noticing this? But he was leaning forward, elbows on his knees, looking over his twisting hands at the carpet.
Bryant shook her head as if to clear it, and focused on Gaiah again. "Look, I double-checked all their information with the Inverness police, who told me they are a well-known couple in the area, because of their involvement with the search and rescue volunteers. Now, this is clearly a most unusual situation. I don't know what´s going on, but I have a suggestion, which, given the circumstances, I would strongly advise you accept. Your grandparents sounded like lovely, caring people. They suggested you go and live with them."
She held up her hands to forestall Gaiah's outraged comments. "As it happens, they are friends with the principal of the local college which is having an open day next Sunday, so you could join the school with any other new intakes. Kaley herself suggested to me it would be best to get you there by then. They are willing to help you comply with any supervision requirements and help you complete your studies. So you?"
This was absurd! "No. No, No! That's not going to happen. They left us! They didn't write or call. This is impossible. It can't be them. I'm not going anywhere. It can't be true! I don't want to see them? how could they?" Panic made her voice shrill.
The policewoman shook her head. "This appears to be a great shock to the two of you and I don't understand it. Nevertheless, it's the most appropriate course of action, and while I can't actually force you Gaiah, I'm strongly recommending you grab this chance to leave all the unpleasantness here behind."
Andrew was silently shaking his head. Bryant approached him and rested her hand gently on his arm.
"I'm sure you want what's best for Gaiah, don't you? She has obviously been deeply unhappy at this school, whatever has been going on. And, no matter what the reasons for the relationship breakdown with her grandparents, it would be lovely for her to be reunited with them, wouldn't it?"
Andrew turned glazed eyes towards her. "Are you sure of all of this?"
The policewoman gave a small smile and pulled a mobile from her pocket. "Yes of course. Look, why don't you ring them yourself now? Mrs. Shaman said she'd wait by the phone for your call today." She stabbed at the numbers and held the phone out to Andrew. He stood and took it from her as if he were handling some strange, poisonous creature. Ashen-faced he listened to the voice that answered at the other end.
"Kaley? Kaley! How the?? Where did you?? Where?? What? I can't..?" He paced the square oriental carpet in the centre of the room as he spoke.
Gaiah kept her eyes glued to him. This is crazy! He stood still, eyes staring unseeing out the window. "I...I? don't, but where...how...yes?I see?I suppose so."
There was a long pause. The muffled sound of someone talking non-stop carried into the silence. She tried to catch her father's attention, shaking her head and frowning, but he seemed oblivious. Stepping closer, she grabbed his shirt, to force him look at her, but the voice through the phone reached her ears, sending a shocking flood of recognition through her. She stumbled backwards.
Andrew continued, "She would? So soon? Oh right?Well, if you're sure?yes, okay. Tomorrow morning?with whom? She did? Oh, okay?So...oh?yes. You're quite right, a bit of time to settle in first of course, well, okay?just?thank you, yes, I'll put you on to Gaiah now-"
"No way!" She turned her back to them, folded her arms tightly to hide their trembling, and stood staring out the window.
Andrew continued into the phone, "She won't talk to you. Yes, of course, it will take her some time to adjust to this. Anyway, she'll see you tomorrow with Officer Bryant. Goodbye."
Gaiah whirled to look at him. What the hell was going on? Tomorrow?
He handed the phone back to the police officer, a strange, abstracted look on his face, but when he turned to face Gaiah, there was a light in his eyes, a glow, a sense of purpose that she hadn't seen for a long time. "Gaiah, it will all be fine."
Fine? Is he crazy?
He looked  back at Bryant. "Don't worry. I'll see that she's packed and ready for you in the morning."
Officer Bryant looked as if she didn't doubt it at all. She nodded.  "I'll leave you to talk to Gaiah now, and I'll collect her in the morning around nine thirty. As I said, they seemed such nice people and we spoke for almost an hour. They were anxious about her travelling on her own to Scotland, so I offered to take her myself, well, as far as Edinburgh and they'll meet us there."
Andrew nodded agreement as Bryant collected her file, put away her phone and headed for the door.

A cold, thin thread of fear began to uncoil in Gaiah's stomach. What the hell? Why is this woman offering to drive me to Scotland? And what in God's name is Dad doing, agreeing to it. They can't make me. I'm eighteen, I have to do something here. This is too weird.
Andrew shook Bryant's hand, assuring her again that Gaiah would be ready tomorrow.  This was unbearable! She elbowed her way past them, as her father saw Officer Bryant out.  She pounded upstairs and slammed her bedroom door behind her. Resisting the urge to scream in frustration, she flung herself on the bed. Hot tears of anger and confusion filled her eyes.

A tentative knock on the door made her sit up and the mirror opposite gave her a depressingly clear view of her red-eyed, scowling face as she glared at her father entering the room. She turned her back on that as much as on her father, and stood staring at her posters of the aurora borealis.
He stopped just inside the doorway. "This is the best thing. I know you're upset, Gaiah. But imagine, seeing your grandparents again, won't that be great? I'm not sure what the problem was with them?Kaley didn't say...I think..."
She spun around. "Can't you see how crazy this is, Dad? What's going on? You do realize you can't make me go, don't you?" 
He paused, stared at her, fingers abstractedly patting his lips, and then abruptly said, "Look, whatever the problem was, we'll sort it out, Gaiah. Of course, I can't make you go, but how happy are you here? You need a new start and maybe this is it. You should really think about this option, rather than rejecting it out of hand. Anyway, Officer Bryant will be here to pick you up at nine thirty, so you should do some packing."
His footsteps receded downstairs, and soon the smell of strong coffee filled the house. Gaiah sat on the edge of her bed, brain whirling, swinging from anger to curiosity to disbelief and back again. This is mad. Where have they been? I heard Grandma's voice talking to Dad. It really, really was her. Why is Bryant so involved? This is mad. I wonder what they look like? Why do they suddenly want me? I could run away and get a job somewhere, though I'd really love to see them, even just to yell at them.
She got lost in creating a devastating, scathing, yet eloquent monologue that would leave her grandparents close to tears and regretting whatever it was they had been doing for the last eleven years.
Andrew's knock made her jump. "Gaiah, come on downstairs and talk," he called through the closed door.
She threw it open and glared at him, swiping her palms across her tear-streaked face. "You are extraordinarily quick to send me off to the very people who abandoned us. I know I've let you down and you're upset, but this is unbelievable. How can you do this to me?"
"You must do this, Gaiah. It's the only option I can see. Kaley said it was the best thing and that it would be life-changing for you, and I think she's right."
"Oh, she did, did she? Well then, of course, that's exactly what I must do!" The minute the sarcastic words left her mouth, her heart leapt, thudding painfully. God almighty, I am going to do it! I'm going to go! She slammed the door, and stood shaking. Just like that, she'd realized she wanted to go. To find out what had happened all those years ago. To learn about her mother. To confront her grandparents.
=+;+=

Chapter Three
,.
She was waiting outside in bright autumn sunshine when Bryant arrived at nine thirty the next morning. Normally, Gaiah loved Linden Gardens at this time of the year when the huge trees lining the street began to scatter their leaves like russet confetti, and the breeze had them waving at their reflections in the hundreds of gleaming window panes. But this morning, she wasn't interested.
She had been ready for ages; there was nothing left to say to her father, and the sooner 'this' whatever it was, got underway, the better.
Bryant was out of uniform, making her far more approachable and human than she'd previously appeared. Her hair was loose, blown around her face by the gusts of wind which choreographed leaves along the footpath.
"Ready for an adventure, Gaiah?" Bryant's voice was cheery.
Adventure! Does she think I'm eight? God, this is going to be a deadly journey. Gaiah's shrug inside her oversized duffle coat was barely visible. She tugged her black hat down to her eyes. This morning she had chosen her faded denims and the trainers she only wore for gym. Yesterday she had thrown a small, random selection of her clothes into her oldest case. She was determined not to make the slightest effort to impress her grandparents. She was also determined not to cry.
Despite the police checks, and the fact that Dad had spoken to her grandmother himself, a part of her still felt it was a mistake. These couldn't possibly be her grandparents. If they were, where had they been? Why hadn't they been in contact? And how the hell did they ever think she'd be happy to live with them? Bizarre as the situation was, there was a slight element of excitement at the prospect of getting some sort of handle on her life, and she was determined to use her 'ability' to its fullest at any sign of trouble.
Her father stood on the steps and hugged her.
"I'm sure it will all work out, Gaiah, don't worry. Look." He held up two mobile phones. "While you were packing yesterday, I went out and bought these."
There was no way to stop the tears that this gesture brought.  It was a major deal for him to tackle any technology, and he had done it for her. "Now you can contact me with your news. I even got them to program our numbers for me! I'll ring you as soon as I figure it all out." Andrew pulled her close again and kissed her forehead, the unfamiliar feel of his stubbled cheek rasped her face as he whispered, "I love you so much, darlin', I'm gonna miss you."
Sure he would, however, odds were, that as soon as the car pulled away, he'd be heading up to his studio, his mind already on his art.
She waved at his turning back as the car drove out of Linden Gardens. This couldn't be more weird or confusing, and her Dad's speed at sending her off should have her feeling miserable and unwanted, but?somehow she wasn't unhappy. At least she was leaving London. The fizz of anticipation began in her stomach again. Through the open window came the warm smell of traffic, and the interwoven sounds of a weekday morning, well under way.
She leant her head back against the leather and turned to watch the people, normal people, on their normal day, with their normal problems of school exams or work deadlines, cheating boyfriends or no boyfriends. What would they make of my life? Hair that grows to their waist every day, long lost grandparents turning up overnight, and let's not forget? not knowing if today, their thoughts were going to be strong enough to knock someone down.
Bryant glanced across at Gaiah. "What's your favourite subject?"
"English."
"Do you like sport?
"No."
"Have you thought what you'd like to do in uni?"
"No idea."
There's no way she's getting me involved in a heart-to-heart here.
Bryant was looking at her expectantly. "Well?"
"Oh, sorry I was daydreaming."
"I said, do you have any favourite books?"
"Not really."
As they neared Leicester, Bryant gave up trying to make conversation. Back in the car, after a quick stop for coffee and a bathroom break, Bryant handed Gaiah a plastic folder with a large collection of CDs. "See if there's anything you like there."
"Cool." Thank God for music. Time and countryside flew by as they took turns in choosing CDs from the surprisingly varied collection.
"Actually, half these CDs belong to my children. They never notice when I swipe them." Bryant's confession almost made Gaiah smile.
 An hour or so later Bryant suggested lunch.
"Yes, I'm starving." A rumble from her stomach confirmed what she said and Bryant grinned. They were on the outskirts of Leeds and a red Texaco service station was just coming into view.
As they got out of the car, Officer Bryant started to hum loudly.
What the..? A glance at the rictus that was Bryant's face banished any thought that it was humming. Before Gaiah could run around to the other side of the car, Bryant's moan had become a shriek and she was collapsed, writhing on the ground.
"Help. Help! Someone please get help!" Gaiah's voice broke with the force of her scream. There was no way to get Bryant's attention. Her eyes were squeezed tight and her hands clawed at her chest. People swung into action instantly. Gaiah was gently moved back and Bryant covered with blankets.
Within minutes there was an ambulance and a police car screeching to a halt next to them. Gaiah watched as something in a syringe seemed to help the stricken officer. Bryant held out her hand as she was being lifted into the ambulance.
"I'm so sorry to leave you like this, but they will take care of you from here, contact your grandparents and..." She paused while she squeezed her eyes closed and dealt with another wave of pain. "Oh God," she moaned. After a moment she opened her eyes, and although tears leaked down her cheeks, she tried to smile. "I really wish you well, you know." Her eyes widened. "Your hair! Gaiah, what on Earth??"
Oh, God! Her hands flew to her head. Her hat had fallen off in the commotion and her fair hair was now curling down beyond her shoulders. Luckily, at that moment the medics slammed the doors and took off with sirens screaming for the nearest hospital.
;
Gaiah was driven to the local police station, where she sat on a hard bench and read the messages on the notice boards over and over again. She took out her phone to ring her father, looked at it and decided there was no point. What could he do? She looked at her nails. They were bitten down as far as they could go. She buried her hands deep in her pockets and waited for someone to give her some idea of what she was supposed to do now.
Eventually, a rather cute, young policeman appeared and introduced himself as Constable Fred Walsh. "Strangest thing, Officer Bryant was right as rain by the time they got to hospital. The medics in the ambulance were stunned, heart rate, blood pressure, all suddenly back to normal!" He shook his head. "Amazing, isn't it?  They're keeping her in, just in case. You were lucky she didn't get that attack on the motorway. God knows what could have happened. Anyhow, I'm dropping you at Northallerton station, shortly, to get the train to Edinburgh. Your grandparents will be there to collect you."
The word 'Grandparents' sent a shiver through her, bringing scary thoughts that she pushed away. She nodded. Agree to everything. There was no point in protesting anyway. She sighed and leant her head back against the wall, tired and listless, floating on a tide of events over which she had no control. Fred disappeared and returned shortly with a mug of coffee, some ginger nut biscuits and a newspaper; they helped.
Sometime later, he appeared again, out of uniform. Now, she regretted her choice of deliberately grungy clothes. If only she were wearing something way cooler or more sophisticated. The journey to Northallerton took about an hour and Fred chatted non-stop. Gaiah had to smile at his stories of his brother's efforts to roller-skate, his friend's failure to captivate the girl of his dreams and his own endless problem of hiding the station's biscuits from the sergeant.
They arrived at the station with just enough time for Gaiah to get her ticket, and run for her platform. She turned to shout goodbye and caught his confused frown at the length of her hair. It seemed to have grown even faster than usual and was swinging almost to her waist.

The train to Edinburgh wasn't crowded. Gaiah took a window seat and watched as people arranged themselves around the carriage. A family group sat across the aisle from her. The mother loudly double checked everything and fussed about everyone's positions. Two children grinned across at Gaiah as their mother tried to move them yet again, and their stocky, cheerful father rolled his eyes and allowed his wife to cram her huge hand bag behind him to 'support his back'. A family size packet of wine gums appeared from the pockets of the woman's beige gabardine.
"Help yourself, luv." She held them open to Gaiah.
"Oh, I'm fine thank you."
"Nonsense, we've loads. Nothing like a good chew to help pass the time, I always say."
Recognizing there was no possibility of saying no to this woman, she reached across and took a squidgy fistful. She smiled at the two children as she chewed a rubbery sweet. This was enough encouragement; they immediately wriggled out of their seats and brought their new books to show her. "Look what we got, they're brill."
"We got two, but they're different, see?"
Their mother leant across the aisle, introduced herself as Mrs. McCrea and interrupted them frequently to quiz Gaiah on her plans, her family, and her destination.
Eventually the children became sleepy, and moved back to their own seats, where they curled up against their mother. Gaiah turned and stared out the window. That spin to the station with Fred was really cool. I totally chatted like a normal person, Jeez, I should've left London ages ago.
But those children had reminded her of herself; sunny, energetic, full of curiosity and fun. That had been a different world. Gaiah gnawed at her nails trying to ignore the heavy, suffocating sense of loss that memories of her childhood always brought.
She pulled at the torn skin down the sides of her thumbnail and stared vacantly out the window. She'd never really understood what happened or why. Why had things changed? Definitely her 'suggesting' ability had something to do with it. Even sitting here on the train, she squirmed with embarrassment at the memory of trying to suggest at some girls that they wanted to be her friends. The resulting uncomfortable and bewildered conversations made her vow never to try anything like that again. Why was everything about her just 'too much'? Too cheerful, too clever, too happy, too enthusiastic.
She'd tried to change, fought against her nature, tried to fit in, which made her surly and unhappy; she hunched her shoulders to hide her height as she grew taller than her classmates, and she folded her arms and wore baggy jumpers to hide her shape when at twelve, she seemed to turn into a woman, overnight. Then the hair started. Damn! I do not want to think about it anymore.
She turned her attention to the landscape, trying to see through the dark, but the windows only reflected her tired face and her waist length mane of hair. With a deep sigh, she leant her head against the cold glass and started to doze.
;
An hour later, on the road above the embankment next to the train track, John Baird, 'Yogi' to his friends, a 30-year-old lorry driver was doing his last fruit and veg delivery of the day. He was headed to Dalkeith, only a few miles further on. He sang loudly, belting out the lyrics to his favorite song, drowning out the voice of Peter Cunnah. "THINGS CAN ONLY GET BET..." he never finished.
His face became puce and veins stood out down his neck, as he struggled to control his hands. His grip on the steering wheel became vice-like and while he roared in disbelief, the van swerved off the road and careered down into the path of the train. The crash was sudden and violent. The train hit the van head on and pushed it half a mile down the track, before its locked brakes finally screeched the train to a stop. The wreckage of the van was spread along and around the tracks.

Gaiah's head cracked hard against the window. It took several shocked seconds to sort out the ringing in her ears from the screaming of the passengers. She couldn't tell which was inside or outside her head. Then two important things became clear. She wasn't hurt and there was no smell of fire. The lights in the carriage flickered but remained on.
The children were crying. Gaiah pushed herself out of her seat and hurried across. "Are you okay?"
They both had their arms wrapped around their mother. Their father had already released the security bar on the emergency door, and was pushing it outwards. Mrs. McCrea included Gaiah in her shepherding,
"Get your case, there's a good girl. Come on now. Everyone move, out the door to Daddy. Bring everything, well done. No fuss, we're all safe. Let's go. Stay together."
Outside, she shivered in the chilly dark. The light from the train made square shapes on the rough ground and shocked passengers flitted in and out of view as they emptied out from the other carriages. The embankment was not steep and most of the passengers were starting to climb up to the road, pulping fruit and vegetables from the burst crates underfoot. Traffic had stopped and headlights at various angles fractured the dark adding to the sense of unreality. Dozens of people were already on their mobile phones calling emergency services.
Gaiah carried the children's bags and followed the family as they clambered up the slippy incline. Among the stopped traffic, was an empty bus on its way back to the depot in Musselburgh. The driver opened his doors and shouted. "Come away on, love, sit in here in the heat."
Mrs. McCrea quickly ushered her extended brood onboard. Gaiah paused as she climbed in and she looked back over her shoulder into the night. Trees and bushes thrown into relief looked like alien creatures swarming in the black countryside. She was very glad to step into the welcoming warmth and light. The driver turned the heat up full and soon condensation ran down the windows blocking out the night and the packed bus became a bright cocoon on the dark road.
From her capacious bag, Mrs. McCrea produced a flask of tea and some soggy sandwiches. Gaiah didn't even think of saying no.  She bit into the squishy tomatoes mushed into wholemeal bread; they were perfect. The over-sweet tea spread comforting warmth throughout her body. They ate in silence but the food helped make her feel a bit better.
The driver walked up and down the bus passing on the information as he got it. "The truck driver's dead," was his first announcement. Gaiah clamped her hands over her mouth and the children began to cry. Mrs. McCrea looked daggers at him. "There's no need to be saying things like that in front of the weans!"
"Sorry Missus, but them's the facts."
In the next hour he came back with more. The train driver was badly injured, the police and firemen were working on clearing the wreckage and getting the traffic moving. The police were also interviewing the hundred or so passengers to ascertain what they had seen or heard, and whether they needed hospital attention or wanted to continue their journey home.
The police eventually made their way to the bus. They had been looking out for Gaiah. The reason for the train's delay had been broadcast at Edinburgh station and her grandparents had already been in contact with them. She was handed a slip of paper with the name of the hotel where her grandparents would be waiting and the bus was cleared to go. Gaiah stared at the names on the page, numb. Who are they? How could they possibly have anything to do with me?
The driver offered to take the survivors to Musselburgh where they could all get taxis to their respective destinations. Everyone gratefully accepted his offer. Soon the bus lumbered off into the night.
I really, really want this day to be over. I can't believe someone has just died. It's sickening. This is all too crazy-first Bryant and now this crash.  The little tendrils of fear began to reappear, chilling her skin and making her palms sweaty. Is it me? Am I making everything happen? Oh God, I should never have left London.  She began to shiver.
Mrs. McCrea was next to her in an instant, covering her with her fleece-lined coat. "Here, take this m'dear, I have a big cardie as well. Accidents happen all the time love, you know. And truth be told, we've been lucky, it could have been so much worse."
Gaiah nodded. Mrs. McCrea was right. She'd been panicking about nothing. She tucked the coat around her shoulders, closed her eyes and allowed sleep to claim her.

She didn't stir till Mrs. McCrea was shaking her. "Come on, love, we've got a taxi for you, he'll take you straight to your grandparents." She bustled Gaiah and her bag out of the bus and into the waiting taxi. The children kissed her, their father shook her hand and Mrs. McCrea hugged Gaiah as if she were her own daughter heading off for parts unknown.
It was difficult saying goodbye to this lovely family. For a moment, she longed to be part of it, if only she were heading off with them, rather than to the weirdness that was her life. She waved until a street corner abruptly banished them.
The taxi driver was a talkative, middle-aged man who wanted to know everything about the accident. After all, he said, he'd a bona fide survivor in his cab and that was going to be worth a drink or two at the bar later. Gaiah, nervous about her impending meeting with her grandparents, welcomed his conversation as a distraction. When there were no more details left to prise from her about the crash and the fatality, he turned his attention to telling her all he thought she should know about Scotland, from the best place for salmon fishing to where to buy kilts.
It was a short journey, only about twenty minutes at this time of night. As they approached the roundabout at Broughton Street his voice began to falter and slur and he stopped mid-sentence. "Now for real Scottish music you?have?to?"
"What?" But there was no answer. She looked at his eyes in the mirror, they seemed unfocused. The blare of a horn drew her attention to the road. They were passing a Gothic building complete with turrets and gargoyles, but what really scared her was, they were driving directly into the oncoming traffic.
She could see the oncoming headlights swerving around them. "STOP! STOP!" But it was as if she were alone in the car. She didn't even try to have eye contact with him; she didn't pause to plan her words, they just rang in her head. 'I must stop the car now!' She silently fired the words at his head. He jumped like someone tasered and slammed the brakes on.
"What the...dear Jesus, how did we get here?what happened?"
A police car pulled up alongside them and an officer ordered the man out of the car. His face, in the beams of passing cars, was ashen and his mouth was slack. Once it became obvious he was neither drunk nor drugged the police became concerned for his health and called for an ambulance to take him to hospital. Then they ushered a very shaken Gaiah into their car, put a blanket around her and drove her the short distance to the hotel. Gaiah stared out the window. This can't be coincidence, it just can't be. What in God's name is happening?

A discreet entrance to the hotel was set in a line of fresh modern shops. The police escorted Gaiah up the stairs. The roller coaster of a day had numbed her. Oh my God, this is it. The big moment, the Reveal, the answer to one of the biggest questions of my life is only a few steps away, and all I want to do is pull a blanket over my head and sleep. However, as the door sighed open into the warm, hushed foyer, her clenched teeth and white knuckled fists betrayed a deeper level of anxiety.
A couple, sitting on a deep leather sofa opposite the reception desk, turned as she came in and sprang to their feet. They were exactly as she remembered. Tall, slim, tanned and smiling, and even though her grandmother's hair was tied up in a tight bun, Gaiah could tell at a glance, she had the same troublesome mane of curls as her own.
 "Gaiah!" Alasdair was the first to reach her. Despite all her firm intentions to reject them, hurt them or to shame them into abject apology, a huge sense of belonging consumed her as he wrapped her in his arms, and kissed her forehead. Blue eyes of an intensity to match her own looked at her with love and pride.
"I can't bear to let you go, but I'd better go and see these guys out. I'll leave you to your Gran for a moment." He stepped away and his voice was a low murmur as he shook the policemen's hands and led them out the door. Kaley approached slowly, shaking her head. "I can't believe it, you're so like her and yet, I can see your father too. Oh, Gaiah my sweet; it seemed so long and it's been so hard to stay away. It broke our hearts. We have so much to talk about." She cupped Gaiah's face in her hands and stared at her.
Something broke open inside Gaiah, she gasped as if she'd been holding her breath for years, and now, she could breathe again.
"Oh Gran," She threw herself into the waiting arms, and cried the heartbroken sobs of an abandoned baby. She tried to stop, but every breath brought the smell of a lost life. Her grandmother kissed her cheek and whispered " Shushnow, shushnow, my darling Gaiah." Their tears mingled. Somehow a wad of tissues found its way into her hand.
Alasdair's arms came around the two of them. Heat radiated from him and it warmed her through, dissolving the icy shield surrounding her heart. Slowly, she hiccupped to a halt, there were no more tears left, just a sense of peace. A deep breath was reassuring, it was steady, okay, she was in control again. That sense of peace spread a soothing balm to her core, healing the aching emptiness that had been a constant companion for most of her life. The three of them were using tissues now, unashamedly blowing noses and wiping away tears. There was so much talking to be done, so many questions to be asked and answered, but no more crying.
"Darling Gaiah, I can't believe you're really here," said Kaley as she pressed the button for the lift. The three of them held hands in silence as the lift purred them up to the third floor and, in the dimmed light of the elegant corridor, her grandmother handed Gaiah the room card. "You're safe, you're back with us and you're also completely exhausted. No talking tonight-just sleep. We're right here in the room next to you."
Gaiah nodded, her grandmother was right. Although her brain was a holding pattern of indignant questions, she couldn't muster the energy to utter them. She hugged them both and gratefully closed the door behind her as she stepped into her room. It barely registered. It was peach. Peach coloured, warm, comfortable and safe.
The bed was wonderfully soft and yielding. What an exhausting, awful, bizarre day. And my grandparents? I can't believe it. But there's no question, they feel so familiar, they really, truly are my grandparents. Where in God's name have they been until now? It's extraordinary. She briefly considered ringing her father to let him know she was okay, but was just too wiped to deal with it. There was so much to think about. Her head was swimming, a long, hot shower would help? in a moment. Her head slowly sank back into the pillow, the mobile slid out of her hand, and the warmth of the room engulfed her.
=+;+=

Chapter Four
,.
A series of loud raps on the door brought her groggily to her feet in bright sunlight. Somehow, two minutes of resting her eyes had become a whole night's sleep, slumped sideways against her pillow. She stretched and tried to work a cramp out of her neck and shoulders as she went to open the door.
Her grandmother's face gave her an almost physical jolt. Yesterday had been so strange she wouldn't have been surprised to find she'd hallucinated most of it, especially the grandparent part. Kaley was brisk. Wrapped in one of the hotel's thick, white robes, she kissed Gaiah. "It's eight thirty, see you in the breakfast room as soon as we're all showered." She disappeared back through the open door of her bedroom, her hair, in a thick plait, reached to her waist.
The wood of the door was cool against Gaiah's forehead. Eyes closed, she waited for the thumping of her heart to die down. It's them. It really is. Where were they? What am I going to say? What the hell are they going to say? She found it hard to think at all with so many questions were bouncing around in her head.
A shower would help. God I didn't even undress last night! She had a guilty look for shoe marks on the bed's rumpled cover as she headed to the bathroom.
A shower cap was all she took from the shelf full of scented lotions and products. Urgency was vying with nerves as she rushed her shower. She pulled her crumpled clothes out of her bag. Yet again, she was sorry at the fit of pique that had made her throw such an odd assortment into her bag. She picked out the best; jeans and a midnight blue t-shirt.  There was no need to hide her hair now, so she pulled it back into a loose pony tail.
A glance at the mirror showed her someone she had never seen before. Apart from the still slightly red eyes, there was a tall, slim, young woman with a great figure and fabulous hair. She had never allowed herself to stand so tall and she'd never worn this t-shirt without a baggy sweatshirt, but most of all it was the expression that was different. The anxious, insecure look and the scowl that said leave me alone, were gone and her wide mouth was almost smiling instead of being compressed into a thin line.
She shook her head at her reflection. Weird; this time a few days ago I was fighting off bullies in school, now I'm in Scotland and my grandparents are actually waiting downstairs for me. The thought threatened to turn her legs to water so she left the room before she lost her nerve.
Following the inviting smell of sausages and coffee downstairs, she was torn between excitement and mounting indignation at their treatment of her. I'm not sure I'm ready for this.
The bright, airy breakfast room over-looked the Scott monument and the Princess Street Gardens. Her grandparents, spotlit by the sun were sitting at a table by the window. Overcome by nerves, she delayed her approach to them by stopping at the heavily laden buffet table. Her hands trembled as she heaped her plate with yellow, creamy eggs, bacon and toast and asked for a pot of coffee to be brought to the table. Her palms were clammy and her breathing fast as she approached them. OhGodohGodohGod, I don't know if I can do this. Be calm, Gaiah, breathe. Get some answers!
She pulled out a chair next to her grandmother, amused to see that their plates were piled as high as hers-obviously a healthy appetite ran in the family. She looked at those two familiar faces and took a breath. "Where the hell were you for the last ten years?" The angry, unscripted words burst unbidden out of her mouth.
They both looked at her calmly. "Later Gaiah, later," replied Alasdair. "Honestly, we need hours of peace and privacy to talk, this is not the place." His words were immediately borne out by the friendly waitress, who came to serve Gaiah's coffee and stayed to quiz them on their thoughts on Edinburgh. He was right, this was not the place, but she'd make damn sure there was time soon.
While they ate, Kaley laid out their plans. "First, some shopping. I could see that you don't have half enough clothes with you. And then we'll have a few uninterrupted hours in the car for explanations while we drive to Inverness."
Shopping? That sounded good.

An hour later, they were checked out of the hotel and in the Princes Mall. With Kaley at her shoulder encouraging her to splurge, and proffering a platinum credit card, it was hard to keep a grin from her face. It was surreal, crazy, but so wonderful, no matter what, to be out like this, shopping with her grandmother. In the longest, darkest night in London, she had never, ever imagined this situation.
Gaiah put her bags down to try on a red P.V.C. raincoat and twirled in front of a mirror. "Kaley, What do you think?"
From behind her came an immediate answer. "I think it really suits you, but I can tell by your coloring that this Scottish weather won't. I hope you're not thinking of staying?"
What? Gaiah whirled around. A tall, bulky guy, leaning against a pillar was scrutinizing her. She was at a complete loss as to what to say. Did she know him?  His face, from what little of it she could see behind the swathe of his scarf, looked sallow and serious. To her annoyance, her face flushed, as emerald eyes met hers. Kaley called her from two aisles away, and when she turned back he was gone. Weirdo! She put it to the back of her mind as she was swept off next for shoes-heels and flats-and boots-both sturdy and dressy-until finally Kaley was satisfied that Gaiah would survive in the wilds of Craigphadraig for a while.

Alasdair met them and helped bring their shopping to the car. Kaley slipped into the back seat next to Gaiah. The car turned into Broughton Street. Gaiah shuddered, the glassy eyes of the taxi driver when he drove her into the oncoming traffic, were still horribly clear in her mind. She whispered, "That driver almost killed us both just here."
Kaley nodded. "We know. Our hearts were in our mouths the whole time you were travelling up and we're so grateful that you got safely through to us."
What? Hearts in their mouths? Jeez, it was only a trip from London. Though, given all that happened, they weren't far wrong.
They turned onto the M90. A signpost caught her attention: 'Inverness 158 miles'. Okay, this is it. She leaned forward and said forcefully, "Now, let's talk. You owe me a darn good explanation."
Alasdair turned his head slightly and glanced back at Kaley. His gaze returned to the road but the crinkles at the side of his eyes betrayed a small smile as he said, "I'm sure a Ford Focus is not the best setting for such mighty revelations, but I don't think you're going to sit happily talking about the weather while we spend three hours driving home. So, here goes."
Kaley held her hand out and Gaiah took it. The long fingers were soft and cool in her hand.
Alasdair took a deep breath and squared himself in the driver seat. "First of all, you have to know that we love you dearly, we always have, and second, that we never deserted you, we had to stay away to keep you safe."
"Keep me safe? If you knew how awful it was, how it tore me apart? all those years... for what?" Words failed her.
"Yes, safe. Away from us. We couldn't be seen to have any interest in you at all. You see Gaiah, we're not really like other people. In fact, we're not like them at all."
Kaley twisted in her seat to watch Gaiah's face better. Alasdair continued, "There's no easy way to say this so I'll just start. You've heard of dimensions, right?"
Gaiah nodded.
"Well, you know the basic three dimensions, length, width and height. These are called the physical dimensions.  And there's also time, that is considered a dimension too."
What on Earth has this got to do with anything? Gaiah looked at Kaley to see if she was in on some joke but her grandmother had no humour in her eyes as she looked steadily back at Gaiah. Alasdair was still talking, "Scientists on Earth have been talking about parallel universes for decades."
His hand sketched shapes in the air. "Universes that occupy the same space but in different dimensions; unknown dimensions."
Gaiah frowned. What the hell's he talking about? Where's he going with this?
"They are working to prove the existence of at least one parallel universe. There are, in fact, three." Alasdair spoke in a calm, matter-of-fact voice, but his eyes kept finding Gaiah's in the rear view mirror. Kaley gently squeezed Gaiah's hand.
"That's where we come in, that's where we are from. One of those worlds is called Gaiana," she said softly, "The other is Or'ka. Together, with this world, they're called the Trinity."
Gaiana? Gaiah? Okay, if this weren't so freaky, at least it would be some explanation for my name!
There was a pause as if they expected a response. There was nothing to say. What the hell do they expect me to say? This is ridiculous. It's just plain madness. No-one's from another dimension, least of all me. They've got to be joking.
She didn't know quite what she had been expecting-some family emergency that lasted for ten years in a remote part of the world and abject apologies perhaps. Something. Anything. But not this unintelligible waffle. She dropped Kaley's hand, sat back, and folded her arms. Oh God, they're completely crazy. What am I going to do? She slid her hand around the door handle. We're not going that fast, what's the worst that could happen if I jumped out? The roar of a haulage truck and its blur of gaudy colours as it thundered past made her release her hold, shocked at what she'd been contemplating. She rubbed at the goose bumps puckering the skin on her arms.
Alasdair was still talking. Gaiah's stomach churned and her head swam with the effort of trying to fathom what on Earth was going on.  What he was saying registered, and it was just too much. She interrupted, her voice scathing, "Oh, please! This is mad. Are you trying to tell me we're aliens or something? You've both been very nice to me and everything and I don't want to be mean but this sounds like madness! And to be honest? Or'kans? Come on, we've all seen Lord of the Rings."
Kaley smiled, and Alasdair said, "Yes, that was amusing, but of course, Tolkien was a poet, philosopher and above all, an expert in the field of mythology. In fact, he's quoted as saying that 'mythology is a divine echo of fundamental truths.' He was absolutely right. So making Orcs as his evil beings was merely a reflection of how close he was to the truth, as Or'kans have had a malevolent influence on Earth for millennia."
Tears blurred her vision. Okay, now this Is seriously  freaky. What's going on? What are they doing? "I don't understand. What is the point of all this?" Her voice was tight with disappointment and anger. "It's not funny."
Kaley's hand took Gaiah's again. "No, Darling, it's not. Look at me, Gaiah, look right at me."
She turned her head slowly, and met her grandmother's eyes.  Kaley spoke softly and slowly. "You are from Gaiana, the third world of the Trinity. It's not funny, but it is true."
There was no doubting the sincerity and honesty in her grandmother's face. Gaiah inhaled deeply to calm her growing panic. "Are you really trying to tell me that we're?aliens?" She hesitated over such a ridiculous question.
"Nothing so X-Files!" answered Alasdair and he continued, "We are beings of energy and form-when we shift Earthways we become a more solid form of ourselves, it's not sustainable for long without great effort. Earth is our lodestone-"
"Our what?"
"Lodestone, it means something with a very strong magnetic connection that attracts things to it. This magnetic connection between our worlds is what Earth people see and they call it aurora borealis and aurora australis."
"I remember watching those lights."
"Yes." Kaley took over, in a smooth, lecturing voice, a slight smile on her face. "You saw those lights often during your time in Scotland. They're caused by magnetic energy and sun's radiation. Amazing isn't it? You know, these lights have been part of our shared history since the worlds began. The ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle called them 'holes in the sky'. The Cree Indians called them the Dance of the Spirit, partly, I assume because they saw some of us shifting Earthways through them."
This is lunacy. Gaiah looked at Kaley through narrowed eyes. Yet she queried, "Shift Earthways?"
"Yes, our magnetic force interacts with that of Earth, allowing us to shift Earthways." 
Gaiah just nodded. Kaley leaned forward and gently rested the palm of her hand on Gaiah's cheek. "I know," she said softly, "It all sounds insane, but it's the truth. Feel it in your heart, Gaiah. Rely on your Gaianan instinct, we all do. It has always led us to the truth. Your rational Earth brain is fighting it, but see how you feel."
Gaiah sat in silence, there was really nothing to say. Crazily, Kaley was right. Gaiah viscerally felt the truth of what they had been saying and it was shocking and scary. It would explain so much. This is a bizarre, ridiculous conversation to be having, but yet? I knew it. I am not normal. I don't fit in properly-I never did. "So, really, are you saying I'm different to everyone else too?" Gaiah couldn't help a slightly hopeful tone.
"Well, different to everyone on Earth, yes." Kaley confirmed. Alasdair continued. "Humans have been aware of us in a vague sort of way for millennia. Ghosts, spirits, things appearing out of thin air, glimpses of people who aren't there, a sighting of someone whose last image was painted a hundred years ago-us, Gaiah, all us. Sometimes, our Earthways form isn't strong enough, or we have stayed too long and our energy to keep our physicality intact is depleted, we waver between worlds. This world's history is full of such stories. Also, as you can now understand, sometimes a Gaianan falls in love with an Earth person, as happened with your parents."
Gaiah strained forward against her seat belt. "My parents?"
Kaley pulled her own belt loose, so she could twist further around in her seat. Shadows of a never ending pain were clear on her face. "Yes, your mother, our darling daughter, a full Gaianan, fell in love with Andrew Hansfort, an Earthman. They became a melded couple. Melding are unions destined by the Trinity. They are a rare and special bonding, their love is beyond the bounds of either world."
There was silence in the car. This was an extraordinary portrayal of her parents! Love beyond worlds? Melded couples? She rolled down the window to allow some cool air rush in around her face and try to clear her head. An image of her father's heartbroken face filled her head, and she turned back to Kaley, stabbing the air with her finger. "Dad never told me any of this, and if it were true, he-"
Kaley shook her head. "He never knew."
"Why didn't you tell him, make him see?"
"Earth people can't travel between our worlds, they don't know they exist. All he knew was that somehow, love had taken over his life and that was enough."                                                                               
Alasdair glanced back at them. "Meldings are beyond our power and rarely happen. When they do occur, the Gaianan world respects and supports it with all its resources. Because if a child does result, and if the child favours its Gaianan heritage-which is even rarer, this child is of immense importance and significance to us all."
Gaiah looked out the window at the passing traffic, mind on screen saver. They were now on the anonymous-looking A9 to Inverness. She barely noticed the splashes of yellow and purple wild flowers growing through the brush at the back of the grass-lined verge. Wide open acres, cultivated with tall ranks of pylons and telegraph poles, whizzed by as she tried to process this unbelievable craziness.
"Earth too, has taken notice of these meldings, without realizing it," continued Kaley. "They have written them into their histories, their literature and their legends. Every Earth child knows of Romeo and Juliet, Guinevere and Lancelot, Helen and Paris, Shah Jahan and Mumtaz Mahal."
Gaiah just knew her face looked as blank as her mind felt. Alasdair clarified. "Of Taj Mahal fame. One of the greatest Indian love stories?"
"Oh, yes, of course, I've heard of that, just never known their names." It seemed ridiculous that she was making rational responses to any of this madness.
"All of these, unfortunately, as with your parents, have something in common, -a death." Kaley paused. She closed her eyes and her voice grew soft. "Even with the support of our whole community, a Gaianan cannot live for years on Earth without fatally damaging their energy-producing capabilities. Our whole world tried to help, but we only number hundreds of thousands as opposed to the Earth's millions, and the Or'kans are even less, they're counted in tens of thousands."
Kaley stopped speaking. Alasdair, took one hand off the steering wheel, stretched his arm back behind the passenger seat, Kaley's hand met his and his knuckles whitened with a tight squeeze. Kaley took another deep breath and continued,
"Your parents enhanced each other's gifts to an extraordinary degree. Your dad, already a great artist became phenomenal when he melded with Nia and she became one of our best healers of all time."
"My mum was a doctor?"
Alasdair released Kaley's hand and glanced back at Gaiah. "Not in the sense you mean it. Our healers try to heal the damage done to Earth by the Or'kans. She was already good at her job but after meeting Andrew, she could sense the damage even as it was being done. But, their true success and what has made even our loss bearable-has been you, Gaiah." Alasdair's voice broke and there was silence in the car.
Gaiah's brain was whirling. "But why did she have to die? Why couldn't you save her somehow, make her go back to Gaiana?"
"Melded lovers just can't bear to be parted and every minute is precious. When you were born, their happiness was boundless. It was worth everything to her, to stay with you both."
Gaiah's eyes filled at the thought of her young parents feeling they had the world in their hands. Not knowing how soon their globe was about to shatter.
"You see, Gaiah, Gaianan lives have different measurements; if she had returned to Gaiana and spent enough time to recover, she would have returned to an Earth where her husband was long gone."
Gaiah's hand flew to her mouth. Alasdair took over, meeting Gaiah's horrified eyes in the rear view mirror.
"I'm sure you have heard tales of Rip Van Winkle or Tir na n'Og, the Land of Youth? People coming back unchanged after centuries? These stories abound in Earth's literature because they are true."
This was a step too far. Gaiah hunched back over folded arms and stared out the window.
=+;+=
 
Chapter Five
,.
Despite her desire to disbelieve everything, Gaiah was reviewing all that her grandparents had said. She jumped as a thought hit her. "Gaianan time is different to Earth time?"
"Yes, Gaiah, I'm afraid it is." Kaley sounded as if she knew what was coming.
"So...ten years for me, looking for you both, lonely and missing you and worried...was what for you?"
Alasdair slowed the car and glanced back at Kaley.
"About four months in Gaianan time," he spoke gently.
Gaiah's voice rose an octave. "Dear God! Four months! You've barely had time to miss me, while I was crying myself to sleep for nights on end. How could you do it to me? How could you be so cruel?"
"Gaiah!" Alasdair's voice wasn't quite so soft. "We told you it nearly broke our hearts to stay away, and don't forget, for us, it's only four months since our daughter died."
Gaiah slumped back, her mind spinning. She spoke quietly, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-"
Kaley cut across her. "Of course, sweetheart, don't worry. How could you know or understand any of this? We know how weird all of this is for you."
They continued in silence. Grateful that Alasdair and Kaley realized she needed a bit of mental space, Gaiah still held Kaley's hand. She stared down at it, gently rubbing her thumb across it from time to time saying nothing.
Feeling trapped in this travelling bubble of weirdness, she longed for the journey to be over. "How much longer? I'm so tired of traveling. This road seems endless. Why can't we just do something, if we're so special? Oh, I don't know, like, just suddenly 'be' there or jump dimensions or anything?"
Alasdair smiled. "It's not Star Wars, Gaiah. We are real, bound by real physics and the rules of matter and mass as they apply in each dimension." He paused and looked at a large and complicated watch on his wrist.  "Anyway, being real we need a break, need to find a bathroom, and stretch our legs. Next petrol station we're filling up on coffee and pastries."
Soon they were all walking around the forecourt of a country garage. A sense of un-reality overcame her as she breathed in the cool, gusting, Scottish air, laden with rain and the scent of trees. How can any of this be true? What am I doing here? I'm in the middle of nowhere. I'm miles from home, miles from Dad. Panic started in her stomach, the coffee and pastry threatened to return and her mouth filled with saliva. Her palms became damp. Two warm arms wrapped around her and pulled her tight.
Alasdair's voice came from above her head. "Gaiah, darling, you are safe. Don't worry, you are with us, you are where you belong."
She stiffened in his embrace, but the warmth and strength of his hug, the love in his voice banished her panic. This was real, her grandfather was solid, Kaley standing next to him, was real. Gaiah hugged her grandfather back. "I know." She stepped back and smiled at them both. For the first time in ten years, she could smile at her grandparents. That thought was like a jolt of electricity through her, and her smile became a full-grown grin. Kaley and Alasdair matched her grin as they headed back to the car.
The wind snatched long tendrils of her hair, whipping them across her face, every time she tried to pull it back, more escaped.
Kaley caught it and smoothed it down gently. "Troublesome, isn't it? But it's always a wonderful occasion when a young Gaianan girl's hair grows to its adult length. Within a year from that date, their abilities begin to appear and they start training. I can't tell you how sorry I am that I wasn't there when it happened to you."
"Oh, God, I wish you had been, it was awful. I was so scared. It's hard to believe it should have been a happy occasion." Gaiah took a deep, self-pity banishing breath.
"Here," said Kaley, "this is what we use at home." She handed Gaiah what looked like two small, normal hair bands but made of a shimmery, soft, elastic material. They were both connected by two long thin silver ribbons. She showed Gaiah how to unhook one elastic, gather her hair into a pony tail and secure it in the elastic with the ribbons attached.
Kaley then plaited Gaiah's hair, bringing the silver threads around and through each turn. As she worked at the long hair, Kaley explained that all Gaianan women, when they reached maturity, had hair down to or below their waists. That was the way it was and no amount of shaving or chopping could change it for longer than a few hours.
Gaiah sighed as she nodded. This part at least was easy to believe. 
Kaley pulled the finished plait around over Gaiah's shoulder for her to inspect. The ribbons had spread and held the hair in place as it twined through the plait. At the end, Kaley used the second bobble and reattached the ribbons. Now Gaiah's hair was firmly in place and the ribbons shimmered and glowed through her hair.
"Wow. That's fantastic, it looks so?so?"
"Medieval?" suggested Kaley. "I did mention Guinevere; she started quite a fashion."
Gaiah shook her head. "This is all crazy. Very crazy."

Before they got into the car, Kaley put her arms around Gaiah. "Look, I know this all seems way too much for you now, you need time for it to sink in, to understand what it is really like. So no more serious talking till we get home, there's so much more and it's not all pleasant." This time Kaley sat into the front passenger seat.
A black motor bike drove past slowly and Gaiah could swear emerald eyes looked at her through the visor of the helmet. Her skin prickled with unease, but given everything she'd been listening to, unease was to be expected.
As they sped through darkening countryside, they chatted easily about whether the final Harry Potter movies did justice to the books. Gaiah thought they had captured the spirit perfectly, Kaley thought they had left out too much and Alasdair said he refused to watch movies of books that he loved.
Kaley and Alasdair reminisced about the picnic they had all gone on when Gaiah was four or five. Kaley smiled back at Gaiah. "You planned a secret treat for us all." Alasdair chuckled. "Unfortunately, for once, you managed to keep a secret."
"Oh no, what did I do?"
"Five enormous slices of ice cream, wrapped in serviettes and hidden in your bag. Which you tried to produce two hours later. That's what."
Alasdair's description of Gaiah's face as she discovered the treat gone and her bag soggy with melted ice-cream reduced them all to helpless laughter. It was as if she remembered it herself. By now, dusk was claiming the day and Gaiah watched Inverness, which they had just skirted, being marked by ribbons of light.
"Nearly home." Alasdair sounded happy. "We must pick up some groceries first."
They drove through the new developments of red brick houses, past dozens of identical white houses with neat gardens. A few twists and turns off Leachkin road and they were heading into highland country at the far side of Craigphadraig woods. A small country shop at the side of the road had a display of potatoes and cabbages outside.
"Oh, this will do fine, let's call into Mrs. McKintyre," Alasdair said as he pulled off the road. They strolled into the tiny shop, and were warmly greeted by a small round woman with grey hair. She filled their order, collecting and packing, eggs, fresh bread, vegetables and fruit. All the time, she was shouting to some unseen person in the back.
"Have ya nae found those boxes yet, Graeme? Hurry up now, you're dawdling!" She nodded at the back of the shop. "Young people these days, nae idea how to work! And now, his school friend's arrived to blether. I dinnea how I put up with it. If it weren't for the fact that my daughter's bairns are staying with me for the summer and they seem ta love him, I'da sent him packing ages ago."
They loaded the car and were just starting to pull off when Gaiah thought of her father and checked her phone. There were two missed calls. Trying to return the call, a voice told her she had insufficient credit. "Oh, would you mind just hanging on a sec while I run back and see if I can buy credit here?"
"No problem." Alasdair stopped the car again.
She ran back and stopped in her tracks just inside the door. There was no sign of the woman. But there were two guys who seemed to fill the space. She stared at the one behind the counter, who was facing her.
He was gorgeous. Really gorgeous, well up there. Really tall, broad shouldered, with the darkest brown eyes she had ever seen, and those, put together with floppy black hair, made an unbeatable combination in Gaiah's book. But at this moment he was looking up warily, at the even bigger bloke looming across the counter at him. Tension filled the small shop. Gaiah could only see the back of this figure, a ponytail of thick, dark brown hair and wide shoulders.
Everything seemed to recede into the background as this form lent forward and said, "I told you I'd had enough! This isn't the place for you. I'm serious, Graeme. Go back to where you came from!" The soft burr in his deep voice almost turned this into a growl.
Having so recently been a victim of bullying herself, Gaiah's blood boiled. All that had happened in the last few days had given her a new view of herself, and a fast-growing confidence that she could never have imagined. She was not going to stand back and watch this intimidation. Stepping closer, she hit the guy hard in the back with her mobile.
"You big jerk! Leave him alone!"
He whirled around, already crouching into a fighting stance. His broad, tanned face was tight with anger and his green, green eyes were bright with rage.
"Who the hell are you?" He stopped and his expression changed. He straightened and gazed at her. She knew him. The guy from the shop in Edinburgh. Was it? She wasn't sure. He towered over her as she looked up at him. His almond-shaped eyes, narrowed in fury, seemed fathoms deep. The smiling face of the shop guy came in between them.
"Hi, I'm Graeme, don't pay any attention to Neal, my overly-dramatic friend here," his smile revealed deep dimples at the sides of his full mouth. Then he put his arm around her shoulder and led her around Neal to the counter. His eyes lingered appreciatively on her. "What can I do for you? Oh wondrous stranger, what is your name, where do you live and are you staying long?" His grin was so open and infectious that Gaiah couldn't help smiling back and there was nothing offensive in his bantering tone.
"Gaiah. I'm starting school here on Monday. Twenty pounds of credit." Oh God!
Mortified to hear such a stupid sentence coming out of her mouth, her face flared hot. Where was the sassy big city chick, the urban cool?
This was pure country bumpkin stuff!
He was looking at her and laughing. She noticed his Johnny Depp cheekbones and as if this wasn't enough his eye lashes were so long they nearly brushed his cheeks when he blinked. Her search for composure was halted by Neal.
"Hey! I meant what I said Graeme." Neal took a step closer to Gaiah and a frisson of fear ran through her. He looked at her and held her gaze. She was being pulled into a whirlpool.
"Oh sod off, Neal." Graeme's voice broke the spell and Neal just turned and left without a word. Graeme grinned, "Take no notice of Neal, I don't. Right, let's get you sorted with your credit."
This was weird, how had a situation which sounded so serious and tense been dismissed so easily? Graeme keyed in the transaction and said, "Well there's no question about when we three shall meet again."
"Huh?" She could come up with nothing better.
Graeme laughed, "Monday. We'll see you in school."
"Him too?"  Surprise gave Gaiah voice and she nodded her head towards the door.
"Yup, 'fraid so. He's repeating yet another year. Never mind him, I'm suddenly looking forward to Monday!" He leant across the counter, those amazing eyes were serious, belying his flippant tone.
Her face heated yet again and she still couldn't think of a witty or clever comeback. She just nodded, muttered, "Thanks," and almost ran out of the shop.
Alasdair and Kaley smiled at her as she rushed into the car and continued their discussion about dinner. She used the pretext of messaging her father to calm down. Aaaargh, I hope he didn't think I meant 'thanks' for saying he was looking forward to Monday. Weird, I've been told that I'm a half-breed offspring from another dimension, and I'm dealing with it, kind of. But those two guys really rattled me. She closed her eyes, leant her head against the cold window, and tried to force her brain into neutral.
=+;+=

Chapter Six
,.
When she next looked out of the window, her heart jumped. Although it was getting dark, the familiar laneway was quite clear. It had the same hedges, the same rose bushes and there, in the clearing, was the one-storey house with the wooden porch she remembered so well.
"How the hell can this be here? We drove every inch of this place, I know we did."
Kaley looked at her, eyes soft with sympathy. "I know, my dear, I know. It's just that this house was, and is, a construct from Gaiana. I'm sure you learned in physics class that the world is constructed from atoms. Everything, and I mean everything, people included, are atoms held together by various forces. And inside each atom, its nucleus is rattling around in its own space like a ping pong ball perpetually bouncing around a football stadium."
Gaiah did indeed remember. For a long time after that particular science class she'd been convinced if she put her ear down on the table and had complete silence, she would hear the nuclei moving.
Kaley continued, "On Earth now, they are discovering things get even smaller, now they have quantum physics which make atoms look like sardines in a tin. But the energy holding things together is still the same. And, as Alasdair said, Gaianans are beings of energy. We can affect the forces holding matter together, we store energy and use it as we need."
They'd parked beneath the huge lilac tree Gaiah remembered so well. Kaley got out of the car, gesturing at the scene that was Gaiah's memory come to life. "Our house here was held together by Gaianan energy and when we returned to Gaiana we simply released the energy holding the atoms and-poof-they all slowly dispersed; tiny, tiny, invisible atoms going to a billion different places. Now we need a house again, so we reassemble atoms and supply energy and here we are. It's not identical but it's basically the same."
Different atoms or not, it still felt like home.

Alasdair opened the front door and stood back to let her in. The same yellow, cream and ochre colours surrounded her. She almost ran around the house, finding the same beautifully carved armchairs and sofas with their richly-coloured upholstery and cushions in the pleasing arrangement of rooms. Yes, these were the heavy, ivory brocade curtains she remembered. They were pulled across the windows in every room, shutting out the dark highland night and making a bright, cosy haven of the cottage.
The kitchen hummed and purred as the bright red Rayburn whooshed into life. Kaley turned on the dishwasher and a new addition, an American retro fridge, crackled on with its ice making.
"All on Gaianan energy?" queried Gaiah.
"Oh no, dear-special delivery from Harrods! I do believe in spending as much as I can when I shift Earthways. It helps the economy."
"But surely not if it's?if the money is?y'know, fabricated somewhere?" Gaiah was studying economics for her A levels and was quite sure first principles stated money had to be backed up with real cash value, and not spun into existence out of the blue.
Kaley looked shocked. "Powers no! We'd never do that. We have several small but extremely lucrative businesses here on Earth staffed by Gaianans on Earthways sojourn. We have a little cashmere shop here in Scotland. It's mostly mail order but with some retail. Perhaps we'll get you a weekend job there? You will have to be seen out and about, you know. Some things have to be open and above board. I'm sorry about the short notice for school, but we really needed to get you up here now."
Oh God! School! Of course she had to go, but absolutely did not want to think about it. "Do they know I was thrown out of my last school?"
"Of course! The whole file was faxed to the head, Mrs. Patterson, but I encognated her after she read it, so now she thinks it was wonderful and she's looking forward to greeting a high-achieving, well-liked student, coming to finish her A levels in her school-a most welcome addition."
"You...what-ed her?" The implications of this sentence almost made her speechless.
"Encognate. It's an ancient word that means 'influence thinking'. Gaiah, you know you have that ability too. In fact, that's why we had to get you here in such a rush. You were encognating so wildly and strongly, we felt it. It was only a question of time before others noticed. Our brain patterns are more energy-than electricity-based and therefore are capable of influencing the human thought pattern."
Of course, she knew exactly what Kaley meant, if not the whys and hows. But to hear it spoken about so casually, was astonishing.
"But don't you need eye contact? That's the only way I could do it. Are you doing it to me now? Is that why I'm not freaking out?"
"No eye contact needed. That's just the way you developed it on your own, which is extraordinary anyway. And no, we can't encognate each other or, unfortunately, the Or'kans. And in your case, you can't encognate your father because he's family. But I was able to, when I spoke to him on the phone. I told him it was okay to send you here, and he should keep working. I can't help him create, and he lost his extraordinary ability when he lost Nia, but he's still a very talented artist."
"And the policewoman?"
"Yes. She took some time to encognate. Doing it down the phone takes a lot more energy. Your father was easy enough because I know him so well. But Bryant is a zealous and thorough woman. I had to do quite a bit of work there." Kaley smiled at the memory but a shadow crossed her face. "I do feel bad for asking her to bring you up here, poor woman."
"God, yes. She was nice, really. I hope she's okay." She looked at Kaley. It was hard to believe they were having a conversation about 'suggesting at' people. This was brilliant. "So I suppose you encognated the idea of an open day too, as a focus for getting me up here"?
"Oh no. That was all Patterson's doing. She's very keen on the idea of student participation. She runs that at the start of every year."
"Y' know, any time I tried suggesting...well, encognating, it just seemed to make trouble when I was younger, and when I was older, I felt as if I was cheating or something. It never made me feel good."
Alasdair was making dinner while they talked. "We'll show you how to guard your thoughts," he said, "so you're not encognating random ideas at passing strangers. It's not difficult, just a sequence of thoughts to go through before you encognate someone. Very quickly your brain gets used to this, and won't encognate unless this pattern is completed first." He was beating eggs as he spoke. The fork clattered to the table as a noise outside made him twist to peer out the window.
 "Stay here." Alasdair ran to the door.
"Surely not," Kaley whispered. 
Her grandmother's anxious face was un-nerving. It could be a dog, a cat, or even a fox or deer up here, but surely nothing threatening enough to warrant those expressions?
 "I'll just go and help." She started for the door.
"No! No," Kaley's voice rasped in an urgent whisper. "Just wait." Alasdair had gone out the front door and around the side to the kitchen.
Gaiah ran to the window and pulled the curtains open. Warm kitchen light flooded out into the courtyard and illuminated Alasdair, who was peering over the low wall into the garden. A figure darted through the dark towards him.
"Grandpa!" She rapped her knuckles on the glass. "Look out!"
Alasdair turned as the shape lunged. It tackled him to the ground. They grappled and rolled across the cobbled courtyard to just under the window. Her grandfather's fists smashed into the attacker's face with such force she actually saw teeth flying and the man choke on blood from his battered nose. It didn't stop the attacker. He lurched to his feet. Alasdair picked himself up from the ground, as he straightened the assailant lashed out with boot clad foot and kicked him violently in the stomach.
Alasdair doubled over, the man's fist caught him under the chin, rocking him upwards and backwards so that he crashed heavily to the ground.
"Grandma, quick! He needs help. We must do something!"
But her grandmother wasn't in the kitchen; she was standing in the courtyard pointing a gun. Even in Gaiah's panic, this was another level of shock, her grandmother, holding a gun with such ease! Its dull metal looked menacing in her hand. The tall, thickset intruder took a step forward.
"You misbegotten waste of energy," cursed Kaley. Swiftly bringing the weapon up with both hands, she fired at his stomach. The gun jumped upwards with a sharp crack, the man staggered but didn't fall. "Take that unfortunate human somewhere else to die and when you are returned to Or'ka, tell your masters we have Gaiah and she's safe. None of your tricks worked to stop her getting to us."
The man's smile through his broken mouth, chilled Gaiah even more than the blood glistening darkly down his face, "I've no master. I'm one of the Five and we're nearly there, we nearly have it perfected. No melding's spawn will stop us."
"If you thought that was true, you wouldn't be here tonight trying to kill Gaiah." Kaley spat out the retort and turned her attention to Alasdair, who was stirring on the ground. The intruder's clothes were dripping blood, soaking down his trousers and trailing on the ground as he shuffled from sight.
Gaiah's legs wouldn't support her; she collapsed trembling into the wooden armchair. She wanted to throw up, and much as she was scared and worried about her grandfather, she just couldn't get her legs to move. "For Christ's sake!" I can't believe this. I'm sitting in a picture-book house, normality all around me and yet, my grandmother has just shot someone outside the kitchen window! When the hell did I go through the looking glass?
She sat in the chair fighting off nausea. She was vaguely aware of Kaley helping Alasdair past the kitchen and into the bathroom. Okay Gaiah, get a grip, either all this is real or you're mad, locked up somewhere dribbling and hallucinating. If it's real, well, Alasdair and Kaley would never do anything wrong-although shooting someone does rather seem to fall into that category.
The ridiculousness of these thoughts gave her strength and she got to her feet just as Alasdair appeared at the kitchen door. He looked pale and worried, but apart from the blood on his sweater he seemed unhurt. Gaiah couldn't believe her eyes.
"Have you got super healing powers?"
He smiled. "No, not really. If I had such a violent accident on Gaiana, I probably would have to spend time in a curing centre, but our Earth forms do respond quickly to Gaianan energy focused on healing."
"So, why didn't Mr. Attacker guy do the same?"
"Because he wasn't in his Earthways form, he was inhabiting a human."
Gaiah flopped back down into the chair. It looked as if a whole new level of weird was about to be added to what she had already discovered.
Alasdair made three mugs of hot chocolate and generously added some Glenmorangie whisky to two of them. The sounds of scrubbing and hosing carried in from outside. No doubt about what her grandmother was doing.
"Oh,God. That's gross."
"Here, drink this," said Alasdair.
She gulped, and the hot, sweet chocolate warmed its way inside her, heating and soothing. They sipped in silence; there were no coherent thoughts in her mind at this moment. She looked up as Kaley came in, her hair escaping from its plait, her face flushed, her cotton trousers and white jumper stained and splattered with...
Stop! Gaiah didn't even want to think about it, so she wrapped her hands tightly around the 'I love Inverness' mug, and drained the cooling chocolate.
"Is there any normal way of explaining any of this?" she asked hopefully.
Alasdair smiled ruefully. "No, and we're not even going to try!"
Gaiah looked at them in amazement. "What?! That's a biiiith?I mean...a bitch...a...a bit...oh?whaat?" And her voice slurred into silence. Alasdair and Kaley were moving to catch her when her legs became useless and she collapsed into their arms. They carried her into her room, which had been considerately reconstructed at almost twice the size as the last time she lived there. She hazily felt them lay her on a bed, carefully remove her boots and socks, and pull the thick, squishy quilt well up over her shoulders.
"Let's leave the light on and the door open, just in case she wakes in a panic," Kaley's whispered voice carried.
Alasdair's voice came faint and wavery. "There's no way that's going to happen, after the dose I gave her, she's out for twelve hours exactly-she won't stir 'til nine tomorrow."
"She looks so like Nia. It's difficult, isn't it?" Kaley spoke gently.
"Yes, but it's also wonderful."
"Poor girl! That was an awful experience for her. I was hoping she'd have more time to assimilate things before being faced with the horror of the Or'kans." The words reached Gaiah's ears but she couldn't get them to make sense. Alasdair sighed. "Yes, we have to tell her everything tomorrow. However, I think we can all sleep safely now, if that was indeed one of the Five we sent back. No-one else will be shifting Earthways from Or'ka now."
Gaiah gave up trying to hear or understand, and slid into the deep sleep which was overwhelming her.
=+;+=

Chapter Seven
,.
"Gaiah, Gaiah, come on wake up!" Kaley's voice finally got through to Gaiah. She struggled upright in bed.
"What? What happened? Oh God! Was last night real? How did I get to?I don't?The hot chocolate? You didn't...did you?" Gaiah found her voice slow and thick, her tongue felt too large in a parched mouth. She raked her fingers through her hair, and squinted at Kaley, who stood in the doorway. Her bright orange apron was a cheerful splash of colour in the dimly-lit room.
She nodded at Gaiah with a remorseful smile. "Yes, I'm afraid we did. A harmless but effective sleeping draught. Thanks to that, you've now had a solid twelve hours. Have a shower to help you wake up. We'll talk then. I'm putting on the coffee." She didn't wait for an answer.
A hot shower helped clear Gaiah's head, but her thoughts still whirled. What the hell was that all about last night? Had she actually seen her grandmother shoot someone, outside in their back yard?  She waited for a wave of revulsion and shock that should follow such a thought. But amazingly, she felt quite calm, as if she already understood something about it. In fact, what she mostly felt now was hunger. However, they definitely owed her an explanation. She pulled on a long-sleeved, black t-shirt and leggings, added a square-necked green shift dress, some soft black ankle boots. She was ready. For the second morning in a row, she intended to demand answers from her grandparents. She shook her head. Yesterday's answers hadn't exactly made things clearer, what on Earth were today's going to bring? She strode into the kitchen.
The same warm, welcoming kitchen as always. Alasdair turned from unloading the dishwasher and gave her a tentative smile. Kaley put a tray of hot croissants on the large, wooden table. Their buttery, vanilla smell filled the room.  She crossed the room and took Gaiah's face in her hands
"Gaiah, my darling, we're so sorry about last night. It was the last thing we wanted. How are you feeling?"
"Well, I feel far better than I should, given what I saw! I have to admit, you probably did the right thing. I'd never have slept. What on Earth was it all about?"
Alasdair joined them and hugged his granddaughter. She rested her cheek against his soft cotton shirt and found the fresh, slightly citrusy scent strangely familiar and comforting. It was so wonderful to be here with them after all this time.
Alasdair looked down at her and echoed her thoughts. "It's wonderful to have you here, my dear. We've missed you so much. Let's just have breakfast first, then we'll deal with last night, okay?"
Kaley put big, wide colourful cups and saucers on the table. "There's no cup too big for breakfast coffee," she said with a smile. "Come and sit down."
She should be freaking, but she wasn't. It should have been impossible to sit normally and have breakfast with her grandparents, but it wasn't. Somehow she knew there was a good reason behind it all. Despite everything, she trusted them. And the coffee smelt extraordinarily good. They sat on well-padded comfortable chairs pulled around the kitchen table. The grey Scottish sky drifted across the tops of the trees outside.
Kaley's croissants were delicious. They dipped them in the coffee and chatted about Gaiah's life before the move to London. "Do you remember the tree-house we built in the woods?" Kaley asked, smiling.
Gaiah frowned slightly and shook her head. "No, I don't think so."
"What? After all my work?" spluttered Alasdair. "You can't have forgotten how you wanted a separate kitchen?"
"Oh, God! Sorry, that must have been difficult. I hope you ignored me."
"Of course he didn't." Kaley looked fondly across the table at Alasdair. "He made it, out of real Earth wood, with real Earth nails."
"Yes, and real Gaianan blood, sweat and tears." Alasdair smiled back.
Kaley stood, "I have something you'll want to see." She pulled a small leather folder from the pocket of her apron and handed it to Gaiah.
Gaiah's eyes filled with tears as she looked at a photo of the beautiful, glowing face of her mother. Nia was smiling at the camera as she tenderly cradled Gaiah. Andrew, grinning proudly, was standing next to them-one arm around Nia's shoulders, the other reached across to rest his hand on the pink bundle that was Gaiah. Gaiah's baby hand clutched her mother's finger. Alasdair and Kaley stood behind them, beaming out of the family photo with their arms around each other.
Kaley shared a packet of tissues with them, as she spoke about the fun they'd had the day that photo was taken. There was much more to tell. Alasdair and Kaley casually held hands across the table as they reminisced. They finished each other's sentences and smiled before the other got to the punch-line of a story. Gaiah mostly just watched them and listened; it was as if little bits of her were fitting in place like a jigsaw. However, the question was still waiting to be asked. Finally, Gaiah said, "About last night?"
Alasdair abruptly scraped his chair back and stood up. "Damn energy-wasting Or'kans! We hoped, because of the roundabout way we got you up here, they wouldn't have noticed. But it's clear from the trail of disasters on your way here that someone was trying to interfere. We Gaianans have always thwarted Or'kan plans to control Earth. And you, as a melding's child, pose the greatest threat possible."
Gaiah bit her cheek to keep from smiling. This seemed too absurd, surely they were joking? "I'm a threat? I didn't even know these people existed."
Kaley shook her head. "Doesn't matter. You can be sure they know about you now.  In all our long history, there have been very few children born to melded couples that developed Gaianan powers. Stories relate that those who did, had phenomenal powers and appeared at times of great change or danger.  I'm sorry, but basically, last night was an attempt to kill you. Luckily for us, he was working on his own. But he will have shifted to Or'ka and told them you're here. Don't worry, we have a plan to help protect you."
Gaiah sighed and spread her hands. "I just don't know what to say. This is beyond weird. It doesn't make any sense to me; none of it does, to be honest."
Kaley nodded. "We didn't think this would be easy for you, Gaiah. You just need to take it in, a bit at a time, and the whole picture will become clearer. We will introduce you to Gorand, our spokesman. He's going to explain it all in detail, but now?"
Kaley looked at the clock, ticking quietly on the wall. "I guess we better head to the school for the open day. I promised the principal we'd be there."
Deep crow's feet crinkled around Alasdair's eyes as he grinned at Gaiah. "Ha! Which is worse, sitting here talking assassins or going to school? I'll bring the car around."He left before she could answer, and Kaley bustled around, getting ready to leave.

The prospect of this school visit didn't fill her with joy. She wasn't finished with the topic of last night and all it implied. But figured she neither wanted nor was going to get more information at the moment. Anyway, this at least was going to be just a quick visit and she was going to be there with her grandparents. That thought made her smile; doing anything at a school with her own family at her side, would be a first.
She'd always been alone at any school event she couldn't avoid. Andrew had never turned up to anything. On these occasions, she kept her 'leave me alone, I-think-this-is-all-crap- anyway' face on until she could leave. This time might actually be cool.
They drove along the damp country roads. She almost forgot the horror of last night as Alasdair and Kaley chatted and joked. Alasdair was a huge fan of the Earthway's 'knock knock' jokes. For some reason this struck Gaiah as hilariously absurd and the more he told them, the more she laughed. Finally, when he got to his favourite one,
"Knock, knock."
"Who's there?"
"Little old lady."
"Little old lady who?"
"Wow! I didn't know you could yodel!"
She was almost crying with laughter.
They soon arrived at the school and followed a straggle of people into a big assembly hall. She did a quick scan of the room just in case the guys from yesterday were there. They weren't.
;
Tables were set out around the room. Each table, dedicated to a specific subject, all manned by students. A short girl about Gaiah's age approached. She gave them a big smile. "Welcome to our school. We're serving tea and coffee over here, if ye'd like some?" Her skin-tight jeans and a fitted jacket showed off a perfect figure, and her halo of brown curls bounced around her face as she led them across the room to a long trestle table.
Gaiah looked at the usual paraphernalia of a school event. Urns of hot water, pots of coffee, colossal jugs of warm milk, plastic spoons, and plates of boring, softening biscuits.
Immediately she didn't want anything. "Em, no thanks, I'm fine."
The girl grinned and said, "Don't blame you! Tis bad enough being here without having to eat those old things. They try to get the students to run these open days. They feel..." She put out a soft white hand and held down one red-tipped finger. "A, it's good for us to have the responsibility, and B," a second finger was moved down, "newcomers are more relaxed and likely to ask questions if they are talking to people their own age."
Gaiah smiled. "Is it and do they?"
"Absolutely not! No one in their right mind wants to be here the Sunday before school starts. My mother met the principal in the supermarket and volunteered me for it. And as for the new people starting, well, there's rarely more than a dozen or so. I'm sure they don't want to be here either. It's just that all the adults think tis a wonderful, friendly, inclusive, break-the-ice sort of thing."
Gaiah laughed. "God! It's as if they've all forgotten that the whole idea of school is to go as little as you can and get out as soon as possible. There's not much of a turn out anyway, is there?"
"Well, apart from the fact that no one wants to come to an open day anyway, most people are out on a search party for three twelve-year-olds who went missing yesterday."
"Oh my God! That's awful, three of them?"
"Ach, no one's panicking too much. They've done it before. Once, they slept overnight in the local supermarket, ate their way through a fifty quid's worth of sweets. God knows what they're up to now."
Alasdair and Kaley had moved to another table and were admiring a Year ten project on recycling-a table full of jewelry made from household rubbish. "Gaiah, look at this." they called.
Gaiah smiled. "See you tomorrow?"
The girl grinned back. "Yup, first day always starts at eleven with assembly and we have short classes, so it's not too bad. See ya."
Gaiah joined her grandparents. They strolled around the hall looking at the projects and talking to teachers and students. Gaiah also kept her eye on the door just in case either of those two blokes appeared. Though really, neither of them had seemed like the volunteer type.
She lingered at a long table; a Year twelve project on the nearby Craigphadraig Woods. Intriguing and well done, there were lots of  photos and models of a Pictish fort, which lay at the top of the hill in the centre of the woods. It was an arena, really. A flattened hilltop slightly hollowed with steep embankments. Tall trees stood sentry-like at intervals around the perimeter and the entrance was marked by a thicket at either side. Gaiah leant forward. "What are these weird stones, they look melted."
The tall girl manning the table leant forward, pushing her glasses back up her nose. "Yes, we've had loads of scientists here, trying to recreate the conditions that could have done this, with no success. It's really cool, and it's right here on our doorstep. We are-"
"Gaiah!" Kaley called from the next table, and pointed to her watch.
"Sorry, I to have to leave. It's really interesting though." The girl nodded.
Kaley steered her to the door. "Right. I think we've put in enough of an appearance. I know we haven't seen Mrs. Patterson, but I think we can go."
Gaiah had no objections to that. She looked around for the friendly girl she'd been talking to and saw her still serving teas. She waved at her, and followed her grandparents back to the car. The rest of the day could be spent doing absolutely nothing, feet up, a fire, and a long chat with her family. That had such a good ring to it.

However, on the way home, Kaley revealed very different plans.
Her eyes were serious and her normally smiling face was tense. "We think the best thing to do is shift to Gaiana now. We can meet the Ten and they will tell you all you need to know."
"The Ten?" Gaiah looked at her blankly.
"Yes." Alasdair answered. "Gaianans are loosely grouped into ten clans. People change clans several times in their life, if they marry or move jobs, or whatever. Every ten years, each clan elects a leader and they rule for ten years. When I say rule, I just mean that mostly they do the Earthways business decisions and things. Gaiana pretty much runs itself, but the Ten are the ultimate decision makers in times of trouble, like now."
They reached the cottage. Gaiah slowly got out of the car. She wasn't at all sure how she felt about this idea of meeting more Gaianans. Moving this whole thing outside her grandparents made it horribly real. She went to the loo, took off her coat, and re-made her bed. Her brain, carefully trying to avoid the thought that she was about to travel through other dimensions to her home world. I'm not sure I'm up for this, will it hurt? Hardly-they do it all the time. What if I get lost? Oh, God, I feel sick. She was just starting to tidy her wardrobe when Kaley called her.
"For Power's sake, Gaiah. We have no time. Come on!"
Her leaden legs barely carried her into the kitchen. Her index finger tasted of blood as she pulled off slivers of nail down into the cuticle bed. If only this could be put off a while.
Kaley looked at her. "Sorry, but we really have to rush, my dear."
Gaiah sighed, "Right, I'll just get my jacket."
Alasdair and Kaley's burst of laughter startled her.
"Dimensions, Gaiah, dimensions! This house is our door. Give me your hand."
As Gaiah reluctantly held her grandmother's hand, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She shivered as Alasdair took her other hand. She exhaled noisily. Right! She was ready and braced, to be spun, twisted, whatever, through the dimensions.
"Hurry up Gaiah. Follow me." Kaley tugged at Gaiah's arm.
What the..? Gaiah opened her eyes. She had felt nothing, no time had passed and yet, here they were. It was breath-taking. They were in the middle of a cavernous hall. It was as if someone had taken Paddington station, tripled its size, polished all the glass brilliantly and shone a diffused Mediterranean sun through it. Figures moving at the far end didn't take any notice of their arrival.
"We won't change to Gaianan clothes. We won't be here long enough." Kaley gestured to a long wall, lined with cubicles and shelves of clothes. She turned to hurry Gaiah on. "Oh Powers! Look at you. In all the confusion, I forgot I'd be seeing you in your Gaianan form. You are absolutely beautiful."
Gaianan what?? They didn't warn me about this! Her grandparents looked? different. They were the same, but different. Longer, more?flowy. Not transparent, but ethereal and their blue eyes were almost iridescent. She moved towards them as if she were walking on air. It required no effort at all. It felt wonderful. Looking down at herself, she saw that she too was long and elegant. She held her hands out. They were longer, softer and more? flowy-that was the only word. However, her nails were still chewed and ragged. At that moment, she made a firm decision never to bite them again. They looked gross on her elegant Gaianan hands.
Her grandparents embraced her with tears in their eyes. "Welcome home, Gaiah."
=+;+=

Chapter Eight
,.
"We'll go straight through to the conference hall and meet the others. They already know we're here." Alasdair ran his hand across a glittering, silver pad on the wall, and a tall door, set seamlessly into it, slid open. On the other side was a huge, high chamber.
Panels of fantastically carved, intertwined, dark and light woods lined the walls and curved up to the high ceiling. Alternating with this were arcing rainbows of coloured glass, held together by thin, arcing struts of gleaming metal. There was no time to take in more because it was the small group of people standing around an enormous table demanded her attention.
Their clothes, a kaleidoscopic intensity of colour, were almost overwhelming. They all wore trousers and tunics in a soft, fluid material. As she stepped further into the room, the low buzz of conversation stopped. They all faced her, stood still, and clapped. Their flowy hands sounded like gentle waves on a shore.
Kaley took her hand. Alasdair put his arm around her and announced, "I present to you the melding's child of Nia Shaman of Gaiana and Andrew Hansfort of Earth. I give you, Gaiah!"
The gentle waves became thundering surf. One by one, they embraced Gaiah, and names blurred with faces as they introduced themselves.
A tall, good-looking man with smooth, ebony skin was the first to approach. He held his hand out, palm up. Alasdair picked up Gaiah's hand and placed it, palm down on the waiting hand. "This is how we greet each other."
"Donnan of Clan Sun." There was a slight upward pressure on her palm from his. His blond Gaianan hair was braided back from his face and ended in a plait which he had looped in his belt. He smiled and stepped aside. Another palm pressed hers.
"Ay-lun of Clan Silva." Hair cropped to the skin.
"Bevin, Clan Light." An impression of sweetness.
"Pleased to meet you?Pleased to meet you." Gaiah pressed palms, nodded and smiled.
"Frang from Clan Air."
"Aghna, Clan Shaman." Gaiah smiled back at the woman whose kind eyes were bracketed by deep crow's feet. There were only ten people, but the enormity of the occasion was too distracting to keep track of them all.
An extremely tall man, with graying, shoulder-length hair neatly pulled back from his high forehead, approached. His clothes were more subdued than the others-a moss green shirt over dark trousers. He held out his palm, Gaiah pressed it. "I am Gorand of the Clan Sea and I am the elected speaker for the Ten. We thank the Power you are here." He pressed palms with Kaley and Alasdair, then raised his voice, "We'd better start. Please sit." He gestured towards the huge, cream marble table that dominated the room. The intricate markings around the edge reminded her of something she'd seen recently. There was an upright, sloping, triangular shape fixed in the middle.
Everyone's eyes were on her. She didn't know where to look. She examined the high-backed swivel chair, which Kaley had led her to. The wooden frame of the chair was highly polished and intricately carved; flowers and vines climbed and encircled from every angle. She sat down on one, and felt it mould around her. "Oh, these are so comfortable." The seat and back were padded with one swoop of thick gold memory foam.
"And look," whispered Kaley from the seat next to Gaiah. She pressed a raised circle on the side of an arm rest and the arms silently folded flat into the back of the chair. "Allowing more flexibility in office working conditions! My own invention," she added proudly. "We sell them in our New York shop for three thousand dollars each. I was so proud they decided to furnish the conference room with them, rather than quebes or something."
"Rather than what?"
" Shhh, I'll explain later. Gorand's about to start."
Alasdair took the chair at the other side of Gaiah, grimaced and said, "Well, here we go."
The man in green stood. His narrow face had deep grooves at either side of his mouth. His voice was low and lilting. "We welcome you home, Gaiah. The Trinity has dire need of a melding's child. The situation is becoming critical. To aid your understanding, Gaiah, I have prepared a short introduction to your world."
The windows darkened and the room dimmed. A circle of intense light shone directly down on the table. Gaiah's eyes widened and she leaned forward to look at it more closely. The table was a giant sundial. Hundreds of engraved sections formed a band, circling the band outer edge of the table, while an inner band had considerably fewer.
"Gaianan time and Earth time," said Alasdair, indicating first the inner band, and then the outer. Alasdair held out his watch. That was why the markings were familiar. It was a giant replica of Alasdair's watch, the time of the two worlds.
A shimmering hologram appeared over the center of the table. A planet appeared. Almost a metre high, it hovered in perfect definition and colour. Seas, mountains, deserts, ice caps, everything was perfectly clear, and also, perfectly familiar. Earth hung in front of her. Gorand began. "This, obviously, is Earth. And this," he paused, as another planet glowed to life, next to the slowly-spinning planet Earth. "This is Or'ka."  It was slightly bigger, but it had only about a quarter of Earth's land mass. It was mostly a swirling mass of rough seas.
"And finally, we have Gaiana."
Larger again, it floated next to Or'ka, with half the land mass of Earth. Land spread around its equator, in a series of long, green islands surrounded by tranquil looking waters. The three worlds lined up next to each other filled Gaiah's view.
"This is what they look like, and now, this is how they are positioned in reality." Slowly, Or'ka moved directly across, covered Earth, and became a transparent purple version of itself through which Earth was clearly visible. Gaiana moved across next and extended over them both. Gaiana's transparency was blue and still Earth was clearly to be seen, as was Or'ka.
These jaw-dropping special effects were unreal. Gaiah turned to Kaley to share her amazement, but Kaley's face, with the glowing colours of the hologram rippling across it, was set and serious.
"Their magnetic fields are different," continued Gorand. Shooting lines of yellow sprang from north to south on Earth. Or'ka, meanwhile, had a flow of red surging in an anti-clockwise direction. Gaiana's flow was a brilliant blue, smoothly circling its world in an undulating wave. Gaiah could see all three functioning freely and independently, yet in the same space.
"As you can see, they don't interfere with each other at all, but every September and March when the solar winds are strongest, this happens." The three magnetic fields started to dance, to entwine and mingle their colours. Red, yellow and blue turned to deep shades of green, purple and orange. "The aurora borealis. The endless light dance of magnetism and our sun's radiation."
Gaiah looked towards the windows. The sunlight was visible as a dull glow.
"Yes, it's our sun too. Our three parallel dimensions share the same skies. As I said, at these times of the year, it is easy to merge our energy and simply shift Earthways. This causes no disruption to Earth. Outside these times, we never force a shifting unless there is a dire necessity. However, the Or'kans have no such reservations."
The magnetic fields stopped their connecting dance and returned to their own rhythms. Suddenly, a blast of red from Or'ka broke through the yellow lines of Earth, creating a gaping hole that filled with a murky orange whirlpool. Earth's magnetic lines continued but each time a yellow band approached that area it became dull orange until it moved on. Gaiah could see there were a lot of similar colour muddlings around Earth's globe.
"Or'kans have permanently damaged the magnetic field around Bermuda. Thousands of Earth lives have been lost, planes have crashed and boats have sunk because of their interference. But this is not the true horror of Or'ka." Gorand's voice was grave. He paused as the door burst open and a young girl strode in. Her tunic of electric blue was tightly fitted to her waist and cascaded in flowing pleats to her knees.
"Gorand! I was told to say that Gaiah must eat, and I was sent in with these." She put a steaming mug of cappuccino complete with chocolate sprinkles in front of Gaiah, accompanied by a plate of toasted muffins, butter melting over their golden tops. She was smaller than Gaiah. Her hair, plaited into dozens of long braids all shot through with silver ribbon, made a shining curtain hanging down her back.
"It's so electric to meet you! This is real Earth food we got for you! We're going to be seeing a lot of each other. I hope you like dance music, cos I love-"
"Renny, thank you. We'll fill Gaiah in on your part in her life shortly, but for now, let us continue." Gorand's voice cut through the girl's excited babble.
Unabashed, the girl gave Gaiah a luminous grin, winked and left the room.
It was a bit awkward, being the only person in the room with food or drink. She ignored it until Kaley nudged her and said, "Eat. Don't waste the time or the food."
Gaiah obediently picked up her coffee and sipped.
Gorand continued. "We Gaianans spend our time creating, gathering and husbanding our world's energy. We respect and love Earth as our equal counterpart. It is also our core; without our connection to Earth, we wouldn't exist. And because our life spans are so much longer and there isn't any want or evil in our world, we are pledged to watch over Earth, doing what we can to protect it from the malice that is Or'ka."
His voice was somber. Deep lines appeared between his eyes, drawing his eyebrows together. "The Or'kans are high energy beings like us, but that is where the similarity ends. Or'ka is ruled by five families. They treat their people abysmally, use them as slaves. They force them to produce energy endlessly. They are never allowed to shift Earthways unless they are sent on a vile mission of destruction."
He drew a deep breath.
"The almost unspeakable truth is that the Or'kans have developed a way to shift to Earth in a pure energy form. They transmit directly into a human, forcing their host's energy particles to make room for them. Their ultimate aim is to take over Earth."
Gaiah just stared, the golden muffin turned to tasteless crumbs. It was surreal to be drinking coffee while she listened to this horror story.
"They have been trying it for many years; Or'kan years. But the hosts died almost immediately and the Or'kan returned to Or'ka. They tried shifting instantly to the nearest human as soon as the first host died but the second, third or fourth host died anyway. They experimented with this method for a time until they realized the energy cost to Or'ka was too great. They killed hundreds of thousands of humans. On Earth it was called the 'Black Death'."
Gaiah gasped. Of course she had heard of the 'Black Death' in history class. Almost sixty percent of Europe's population had died. All for an experiment? Gorand paused and looked at Gaiah, in case she had a question. But she just looked back down at her coffee. What was there to say?
"They kept trying to increase their time of human occupation; their next concentrated effort was called the 'Spanish Flu' on Earth. This was just as devastating and, like the previous time, we shifted as many Gaianans Earthways as we could and encognated people all over the world, to isolate a sick person so that the ' infection' couldn't pass from one person to another."
"Oh my God." breathed Gaiah. "This is so horrible."
"Apart from the mass attempts, they have been constantly making individual efforts; Earth's history is full of tales of alien abduction, zombies, and invasion of the body-snatcher type stories. All of these would have been better for Earth than the truth."
Gaiah leant forward. "If they can't sustain it in the long run, they can't destroy Earth, can they?"
Gorand walked around his chair and leaned on its high, padded back. "That's the point. In order to control Earth they need to spend many Earth years building and controlling governments and countries. Unfortunately, there are always many power-hungry, ruthless humans willing to get behind a leader like this and support them. The Or'kans then discovered a way to tranquilize their victim so their occupancy went from days to years. But, as they discovered with Hitler, that wasn't enough."
"Hitler?" Gaiah repeated weakly.
"Unfortunately, yes. Hitler-an artistic, animal-loving, vegetarian, beloved only child, became the creator of one of the most hideous mass murders in history. That was Seoc, from Or'ka's Clan Fire, one of the Five Families. He stayed so long in Hitler, he had to use the body's own energy to boost his return to Or'ka. Earth movies from the time show the deterioration. Hitler appeared shaking, stooped and frail. In the end, because Seoc used almost every particle of energy to return to Or'ka, there was barely a body left. What was left, was quickly cremated by the remaining Or'kans, before they too fled."
Gaiah shuddered, she'd heard the speculations about this. In one of the most photographed wars ever, there had never been any photographic evidence of Hitler's death.
Gorand shrugged. "Seoc was so weak afterwards, he needed a year in Or'ka to recover. The trouble was, an Or'kan year is approximately thirty Earth ones. And when Seoc was recovered enough to return, the regime he had so carefully built up was now an integrated part of the European Community, contributing to the common welfare. Not what he had in mind at all."
"Why didn't another Or'kan just take his place in another body?" Gaiah asked.
"Firstly because, when things started going wrong, Seoc sent his Or´kan commanders home, to save energy. He hoped to run his campaign with the Earth people already in his thrall. And secondly, because there are only five ruling families on Or'ka. While they might share the energy produced by their slave population, they are extremely jealous and competitive. Each family pursues its own agenda. Some of the lesser families are only interested in Earth as their private playground. These creatures are horrible and degenerate but don't pose as much threat as the others. The most dangerous families are the ones who are determined to be the family that finally controls Earth. So, each project is from an individual family and Seoc's only brother was too young."
It was overwhelming. She wanted to dismiss the whole thing as an absurd fantasy, but sitting here in this dim light, surrounded by anxious, serious faces, it all felt too horribly real. "Gaiah, we could talk forever about history. About the twists and tales of the Trinity's existence, but the crux of the matter is, the Five have found a way to occupy a human for a significant length of time, and then move to another when the first dies. They can do this now without having to return to Or'ka. They can keep whole dynasties going this way. We suspect North Korea has been their testing ground." Gorand swiveled his chair towards him and slumped into it.
An older woman stood, her hair coiled around her head, kept in place by silver ribbons dotted with flowers. The colours in her tunic, from lilac to the faintest pink, seemed to glow, even in the dim light. "I am Bevin, of Clan Light. If they can do this," she said, her sibilant voice sweet and clear, "the Or'kans will not only destroy humanity in an orgy of violence and greed, they will try to change the magnetic fields to prevent Gaianans shifting to intervene. If they succeed in doing this, we fear the effects on Gaiana would be catastrophic."
A solemn silence filled the room. Gaiah's head was reeling. The worlds floating over the table disappeared, the windows changed colour and sunlight came back flooding back through the walls.
Twelve serious faces watched her. She looked back at them. The unfamiliar Gaianan forms and the vibrantly multicoloured clothes lent a surreal air to the moment.
Gorand spoke again. "So there is our dilemma, Gaiah. What are we going to do?"
It took several seconds to register the question was being asked of her in all seriousness. She gave a nervous laugh, which unfortunately coincided with a mouthful of muffin. The resulting spray of crumbs on to the table broke the tension and everyone laughed. It was such a plainly silly moment, she wasn't even embarrassed. In fact, she laughed again. Then the horror of what she had heard came back to her. She spread her hands and said in a small voice, "Why are you asking me? I don't know! I'm only eighteen! I'd never even heard of this Trinity until yesterday, I'm having trouble just believing it, and you're asking me to save it?" She looked around the faces, hoping to find even one person who thought this was ridiculous too.
A chair scraped back. "Ruairidh, Clan Earth." A forceful voice filled the room. "You are a melding's child and that's extraordinarily special. The Or'kans know it too and that's why they tried to stop you reaching us."
"But why didn't they stop me while I lived in London?" Well aware she was using the word 'stop' instead of kill.  Alasdair answered her.
"They would have, in a heartbeat, no matter which heritage you favored, just to be sure you were eliminated. However, the Or'kans were unaware of you until we made contact. You were born on Earth and Nia had never brought you to Gaiana. All those years we stayed away from you, kept you safe. We couldn't even come to London to get you. It would have alerted one of the Five. However, it would appear that someone did know, but thankfully it must have been a junior member taking it upon himself to interfere with your journey. I expect by now they have some unfortunate occupied human keeping an eye on you."
Gaiah leaned her elbows on the table and put her head in her hands. She spoke down to the table. "I'm sorry everyone, I really am. I know you were expecting something great from me, but I honestly meant it when I said I don't have a clue. Dimensions, shiftings, mind-taking, annihilation. It's waaay beyond me. Is there another, em?er...melding's child around who might be more help?" This caused a ripple of amusement.
Kaley said, "Gaiah, darling, a melding's child happens about once in several Earth millennia. Without fail, they are people with extraordinary powers. Even if you don't know it yet, you are the answer." She looked at the table. "Oh my Powers! The time. We must rush."
Everyone stood. Gorand said, "I'm so sorry our first meeting had to be filled with such ugly conversation. I promise, on your next visit we will show you all the beauty of Gaiana and the hospitality of your people."
Alasdair put his arms around Gaiah. "Quickly, we've no time!"
Gaiah looked at him. "Why, what's the rush? We haven't been here that long."
"Yes," he agreed. "But it's been a Gaianan hour, an earth day. It's now eleven o'clock on Monday morning on Earth. You are already late for your first day at school!"
=+;+=

Chapter Nine
,.
This is absurd. One minute they're asking me to save the world and the next they're sending me to school. Alasdair steered her to the door. "We really do have to rush."
"Well, I'm sure you'll be back soon and we can fill Gaiah in on everything else she needs to know." Gorand said, approaching to press palms. "I cannot tell you how relieved we all were when it was reported that your Gaianan heritage was coming to the fore.  But time is of the essence. Please don't delay."
Gaiah opened her mouth but closed it immediately; she could think of nothing to say. Anyway, there was no time to say anything. The Ten stood and watched in silence as Kaley and Alasdair ushered her out.
Outside, Gaiah was surprised to see Renny going from foot to foot like a wind-up toy waiting to be released. Her hair was beautifully cut. The multi-coloured Gaianan clothes swapped for skinny, black jeans and a tight, red sweater, which clung down over her hips, revealing curves a black, leather jacket did nothing to hide. Heavy eyeliner and biker boots completed the look. She grinned at Gaiah, her smile lighting up her face and sparkling in her eyes. She beckoned, waving her hands energetically.
"Come on! We're going to be late, probably get detention. Oh, maybe we won't, given it's our first day and all."
Kaley smiled at Renny's enthusiasm. "Renny's going to go to school with you every day. She has an ability to detect any encognating in her vicinity. This will keep you safe from any human being influenced to do you harm. After last night," she paused and grimaced at the memory, "I don't think any of the Five will risk shifting personally to get you."
This doesn't sound very reassuring. "But why can't I just stay here and be safe? Why do I have to be sent out?out... there?" Gaiah gestured vaguely.
Kaley took Gaiah's hand. "Apart from the fact that we don't know your capabilities yet, it could damage the Earth part of you if you permanently shifted dimensions in one go.  Earth people are held tightly to Earth, they can neither see nor move through dimensions. You have to acclimatize slowly. Also Gaiah, you have to get as much knowledge and perspective on the whole situation as you can, because you are going to find the solution!" While she was speaking, Kaley shifted them both Earthways, followed almost instantly by Renny and Alasdair. She handed Gaiah two lunch boxes and shepherded them out to the car. Alasdair got into the driving seat and Kaley waved them off.
Gaiah's mind kept replaying parts of the unbelievable meeting she had just attended. Her head was spinning.
;
There would have been silence in the car if it had only been Gaiah and Alasdair, but Renny chatted exuberantly, pushing her head between the two front seats and waving her hands to illustrate everything she was saying.
"Now, I know, of course, you haven't been trained to encognate people but I have, and I'm allowed to do it around you if it's necessary. Okay, so the story is, we're best friends forever. That's what we'll be telling people. What kind of guys do you go for? I like big and blond." She sat back but had barely taken a breath when she was off again. "Now believe me, I do know this is a serious business and things are on a knife edge for our three worlds. I really do get that, but hey, I'm getting an Earthways assignment that's really electric, and I'm getting to hang out with a melding's child. Honestly, it's so exciting I can hardly speak."
Gaiah and Alasdair looked at each other and smiled. It was one of those glorious Highland days and it demanded Gaiah's attention. The sky was a high transparent blue with a few fluffy clouds for decoration. The dark green of the tall firs and pines contrasted sharply with the russets and golds of huge, spreading oak trees. She smiled. Feels like I'm suddenly in some cheesy holiday ad.
"We're nearly there." Renny exclaimed and rooted in her bag. "How do I look? Oh Energies! I must fix my eyeliner. Do you think we'll make friends on the first day or should we hold back and be aloof?" She took out her makeup kit and started repairing.
Oh God almighty! Gaiah cringed at the thought of the day ahead. Although she'd had a brief visit there yesterday and it hadn't been too bad, it was still a new school. A new bunch of know-it-alls and bullies. Another crowd of people to feel uncomfortable around. She waited for the usual rush of stomach-churning anxiety but it didn't come. I am different from them. Totally different. I don't even have to care. No more clenched teeth, no nerves on edge and ragged, bitten fingernails. With these thoughts came a rush of happiness, a feeling of liberation. She smiled to herself. Yes! I can do this-easily.
They turned off the green, wooded country road and drove through a more built up area, until she saw again the long, low building that was her new  school.
Renny was almost out of the car before it stopped. "Quick, quick, we're sooo late. Bye Alasdair." She ran towards the front door.
Gaiah got out more slowly. Alasdair reached a hand across and stroked her cheek. "Look, Gaiah, for a few hours you can just be a regular girl, joining a regular school, and you don't have to worry about evil beings out to control the world and annihilate all who oppose them."
Gaiah smiled at him. "In my experience, there's not much difference!" Alasdair's bellow of laughter cheered her up. She waved and ran after Renny. She caught up with her, heading into a bright, airy reception area, where a small woman with a big clipboard was waiting.
"Names?"
"Renny Shaman and Gaiah Hansfort," Renny answered immediately. Gaiah's eyebrows lifted. Eyes wide, she stared at Renny. Shaman, that was her grandparents' surname. It had never occurred to her they were related, if, of course, that's what being from the same Clan actually meant.
"Ah, our two new girls, I have to say-a late start is not a good start! I hope this isn't an example of your usual time keeping?"
Renny beamed. "Oh, no. I'm usually bang on time. It's just that things are a bit confusing around here." She gestured widely, encompassing the entire school.
Giggles threatened Gaiah at such a weird answer, but she stifled them as the woman spoke again.
"Oh, oh, my Goodness, well...yes...em?don't worry, you'll get used to us. I'm Miss Bird, the school secretary. Now, let me see, here are your timetables." She checked her clipboard. "I think you have all the options you chose, yes, indeed. You are meant to be in Mrs. Kane's maths class at the moment. I´m afraid you missed all the welcome speeches and any new rules or regulations, but I'm sure your class mates will fill you in, and if you have any queries just pop into my office and see me. Now, if you'll follow me?" She led them down a bright corridor lined with metal lockers. A highly polished floor squeaked underfoot as it reflected the fluorescent lights.
As they walked Gaiah whispered, "Are we related?"
"Well, same Clan. Someday you´ll meet them, they´re great. Especially Morg-hana, my great grandmother or something. She's one of the oldest women on Gaiana and every one is a bit scared of her. She sees things-"
"What on Earth do you mean?"
"She's got some weird Earth history, got involved during an Earthways visit giving advice or help to a king or something. I don´t know, no one talks about it really-"
"Girls! If you're ready?" At the third door down the corridor, Miss Bird had stopped and rapped on the frosted glass. She opened the door. "Excuse me, Mrs. Kane. I have two latecomers who are newcomers as well." She smiled broadly at her own witty remark, stood back to let the girls enter the room and pulled the door closed behind them.
Gaiah and Renny were in the spotlight of twenty pairs of eyes. If it had mattered to Gaiah, it could not have been worse. If she had cared, Gaiah would have been very pleased she had picked her clothes so well this morning-even if it had been yesterday morning. Her Guinevere plait, almost to her waist, shone in the sunlight that was getting through the none-too-clean windows.
Gaiah was acutely aware of the class watching, waiting for the two new girls to cringe or blush and search for a place to hide. Renny beamed around at them all and gave a little wave. Gaiah bit her cheek to stop her smile.
Renny's behaviour was all wrong and it got worse. She strode up to the teacher and held out her hand. "Hi. Mrs. Kane, I'm Renny. I'm so pleased to be in your class. Where would you like us to sit?"
Okay, now she had to grin. She knew the game for new students, and this was not how it was played. Mrs. Kane recovered from her surprise and shook Renny's hand.
"Well, it's nice to meet you too, Renny, and I hope you settle in well." She looked as if she doubted the possibility. She turned her gaze to Gaiah. "And welcome to you too, Gaiah. There are two seats over here where you can sit. I believe the two of you are friends, and so as long as you can work together and not distract each other you can keep those places. Right, class, back to work! Gaiah, Renny, we're starting on the algebra unit dealing with polynomials. That's page twenty in your book. Now, there are some words and phrases to look out for when you're dealing with polynomials; degree of a polynomial, power, index, co-efficient, divisor, quotient?"
The class returned to their books. Gaiah and Renny settled in to their shiny school chairs, took their books out and scanned the faces. Cheerful, scowling, bored, blank, there was the normal classroom mix. She shifted in her chair, trying to look casually behind her, and her heart nearly stopped. There, grinning at her from the back of the class sat Graeme and in the far corner was Neal. This was too much, the two of them in one class.
She turned quickly back in her chair. Memories of her ridiculous remarks to Graeme and of hitting Neal made her blush furiously. Renny was quick to notice. "What? What?"
The teacher's voice stopped any answer Gaiah may have given. "I hope that's the maths problem you're discussing. Any chance of giving me the answer?"
Gaiah dragged her mind back to the book in front of her. It took all her will power to concentrate. Luckily, maths was one of her good subjects, so she gave a creditable account of herself and even if her answer wasn't exactly right, her method was correct and Mrs. Kane was pleased.
Gaiah didn't take her eyes off her book for the rest of the class, refusing to let her mind wander to the back of the room.
As soon as the bell rang and the teacher had left the room, Renny turned to Gaiah, her face bright with anticipation and said, "Okay, who? What? Where?"
Before Gaiah could answer, Graeme was in front of them, more handsome than she remembered. His black hair gleamed and his white t-shirt under an open thick knit hoodie made his eyes look darker than ever.
"Oh, My Lady of the Twenty Pounds Credit, here you are again and obviously as intelligent as you are beautiful." He also seemed taller as he looked down at her. She was aware of a delicious, warm, woody fragrance when he moved.
"God! Graeme, you're so full of shit." interrupted the freckled face boy from the desk next to Gaiah. "Don't take any notice of him. The rest of us know how to behave." He held out his hand. "I'm Donald Campbell."
Graeme ignored him. "What's your next class?"
Her face heated again but her eyes met and held his gaze. Renny stretched across and shook Donald's hand while Gaiah forced herself to look away and find her timetable. "We stay here for a double history."
"Shame, I'm off to double geography and Picasso there," he pointed to Neal, "is leaving for a double art class. See you at lunch." He grinned, did a mock salute and left.
"Wow." Gaiah turned to Renny and let out a shaky breath. "Now, he is good-looking."
"You never told me you knew people here." Renny leant forward, grinning hugely.
"No, I just met them in the shop, the other day?"
"Them?"
"Him too." Gaiah pointed her thumb behind her. They looked around at Neal. He had a strange, intense look on his face, and Gaiah suddenly wondered if he remembered that she overheard him threaten Graeme in the shop? The history teacher arrived noisily, dropping books and papers. Neal sauntered over to Gaiah's desk. He looked at her carefully through hooded eyes. Her heart seemed to jump.
"Don´t get involved there," he said in a low voice, and stalked out before she could reply.
What the...? Did he really say that? Did I even hear that correctly? Instinctively she pressed her palms to the base of her throat. Her pulse raced beneath her fingers. Was she that afraid of him? Why?
Renny hadn't noticed this exchange. She was talking across Gaiah to Donald, who was staying for this class too. He was saying, "She's kind of crazy, but she's a great teacher. She can make history seem almost interesting." By the end of the class Gaiah was in full agreement with Donald.
"History is like the most interesting soap opera imaginable," said the teacher, Miss Flynn. "Except that you don't have to wait a week to know who finally betrayed whom, or if King so-and-so kept his word. We, as observers of history, as possessors of hindsight, have a fly on the wall view of enough dirty deeds, scandals, love affairs, murder and mayhem to fuel a dozen HBO scripts." Those were her closing words at the end of two hours that flew by. Gaiah was actually looking forward to the next history class.
"I'll show you to the canteen, if you like," offered Donald. "It's break time."
"Great," said Renny. "But first," she smirked at Gaiah, "tell us all about Graeme, even if he isn't my type, he's incredibly good looking."
Donald raised his sandy eyebrows. "Not your type? Well, maybe there's hope for me, so? Mind you, you're the only one to think he's not so fantastic. He's already been through most of the girls in year twelve and some in year eleven. And he only moved here a few months ago. I heard a rumour that even some of the teachers have succumbed."
Renny wasn't going to let all this go without more details. "When you say 'been through' you mean, what exactly?"
Donald's face flooded scarlet. "Jesus! I don't know all the details, but a damn sight more than hand holding, so I've heard. He's got some charisma going for him though, because no one's objecting, even though he's seen week after week with a different girl."
This was annoying. "Maybe it's because he's just nice and knows how to stay friends with people? He seemed very easygoing when I met him." She remembered Graeme's complete unconcern at Neal's bullying. She wished she could have been like that for the last few years.
Maybe I have something to learn from Graeme? The thought made her smile as they headed for the canteen.
=+;+=

Chapter Ten
,.
Renny's over the top biker look and her own corn-coloured, waist length hair weren't exactly ordinary. So she wasn't surprised by the amount of attention they got as they headed down the corridor. Donald appeared to be enjoying this. He smiled broadly, his voice louder than necessary. Gaiah smiled at him. This new situation had given her a different perspective on things. Making her look outside herself and her own problems. It was great to stroll, chatting and laughing with friends down the corridor.
Donald stopped at large, plain, wooden doors, which he opened with a flourish. "And this is our canteen! Well, really it's a place to eat our own food or buy their processed crap."
The long, low-ceilinged room, had a side wall of glass looking out over a swooping green field. A self-service counter ran down most of the opposite side. At the moment, it was a slightly overwhelming, multi-coloured cacophony.
Donald led the way through the canteen, a noisy sea of students and clashing crockery. The greasy smell of fried food mixed with sweat and perfume was offset by a fresh, herby smell of cut grass carried through the open windows. Renny seemed oblivious to the scrutiny they got from all sides. Gaiah noticed but didn't care. They sat together at the far end of the room by the poster-covered wall. The scarred table told Gaiah that Joe had been there in May 1998, that Helen loved Peter 4ever, and that physics sucks.
They dumped their bags on the table and opened their lunches. Donald eyed the girls' homemade pate and chutney rolls and the stack of oat cookies. Laughing, he showed them the two pieces of bread and some cheese that he'd thrown into a bag that morning. "I kinda hoped they'd look more appetizing by now!"
Gaiah grinned and pushed their food into the middle of the table. "Here, help yourself, we've loads."
He was giving them all the info and gossip about their teachers when the girl from the open day came over. Today, she wore a long, navy cardigan open over a tiny, blue skirt and t-shirt. She sat down next to Donald and smiled. "Hi, we didn't actually get introduced. I'm Cassie Stuart." If she noticed Gaiah was wearing the same clothes as yesterday, she very kindly didn't mention it. "I'm Donald's neighbour. We come to school together every day. Where are you two from?"
Before Gaiah could answer, Renny was gushing. "We're from London and we've been friends all our lives. Gaiah is living with her grandparents and I'm staying with them while my parents are in America."
Gaiah interrupted. "Renny has no filter program. Please don't ask her how she is or she'll tell you about every cold she's had since she was seven."
Donald guffawed. "Great, a kindred spirit, I'm always being told I don't know when to shut up."
"You mean, you're always being told to shut up."
"Oh, now I'm hurt."
Cassie grinned, and offered him a biscuit from her lunch pack.
Renny leaned forward, chin on hands. "Now, tell us all about everyone here, especially those two." And she nodded her head at Graeme, who was waylaid at the entrance by three girls, and Neal who was leaning against a wall by himself, eating a sandwich and watching everyone.
Looking at him brought back the unease she'd felt earlier. His remark had seemed too pointed to be casual, but now, she wasn't even sure what he actually had said.
Cassie needed no more prompting. "Oh, where to start?Well, Donald and I have been here all our lives as have most of the pupils including Mr. Sunshine there." She looked at Neal. "But Graeme is a newcomer like yourselves."
"Yes, we heard about his successes with all the ladies." Renny giggled.
Donald blushed and Cassie didn't look too pleased.
"Not quite all," she muttered. "Well anyway, I have to say generally, everyone is pretty okay here. We don't have the cliques and gangs you seem to get in huge city schools, people might have one or two best friends?"
Renny interrupted again to say, "Just like us, Gaiah!"
Gaiah closed her eyes and shook her head slowly.
Looking a bit perplexed, Cassie continued, "But generally, everyone is friendly and gets on well."
"Even him?" asked Gaiah, nodding at Neal.
"Well, he's a different case, a real loner. He's a bit older than the rest of us. I think he's nineteen already. He missed a year or two of school over the years. It's hard for him here where everyone knows everyone's business. His mother, Moira, was my mum's school friend. Moira was a real tearaway. Always skipping school, she even made a camp and stayed up in Craigphadraig woods. Anyhow, apparently, no-one was surprised when she took off as soon as she was eighteen." Cassie lowered her voice to a whisper. "No-one was surprised either, when she returned six years later with a baby. She was a changed person though, sort of lost. Didn't want to be friends with my mum anymore, even though they both had babies around the same age. She lived for her son, but she died when Neal was ten and her parents had to rear him. As you can imagine, they weren't too delighted. She never told them who the father was." Cassie blushed and looked down. "God! I'm an awful gossip. It's just, my mum is always talking about it."
Gaiah was afraid to look around at Neal in case it was too obvious they were talking about him. Donald joined in.
"We were actually quite good friends with Neal for a while when we were young, had pretty good fun too. God, do you remember the time he ran into the pond in his new shoes to save that kitten? And it turned out to be someone's woolly hat? We laughed about that for weeks, teasing him about his 'selfless bravery'-rescuing a hat. His granddad hit the roof that time."
"Yes," chimed in Cassie, "and he came into school one day with that hat stuffed in the shape of a cat with eyes painted on and a tail pinned to the back and a note saying 'I owe my life to Neal.'"
"What happened to you all? How come you're not friends now?" asked Gaiah, sympathetically.
"Maybe it was living with his grandparents, but he really changed, started to ignore us, went off on his own. He stopped being fun. It was as if he was somewhere else in his head and slowly he changed into someone else. The only things he's interested in now are his art and these hard core self-defense classes called Krav Maga. He's been doing these for ages at a local gym. He practically lives there when he's not at school."
"He is rather big and strong all right," murmured Renny, waving her hand as a fan in front of her face. Cassie smiled at her and added, "But now he has no friends, oh, except for recently, he's been hanging around with the new guy Graeme, though I can't see what they could possibly have in common."
Any further revelations were stopped by a tall, serious looking woman with cropped grey hair striding through the canteen towards them.
"Hello girls." She smiled and her narrow lined face became amiable. "I'm Mrs. Patterson, the principal. I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to welcome you both this morning. I hope you will be very happy and successful at our school. And I want you to know my door is always open for any problems you might have, and now, as break is nearly over, I'll show you to your next class."
Gaiah and Renny followed the principal as she left the canteen. "See you later," said Donald. Cassie slowly waved one open hand in a slight gesture. Mrs. Patterson walked back down the main hall and paused to give the girls keys to their lockers, which were next to each other. She marched down to another annex where she introduced them to Mr. Hill, the economics teacher.
He was not as inspiring as Miss Flynn, but he tried hard to keep them interested in the 'income elasticity of demand' and the 'price elasticity of supply'. Gaiah's mind wandered. Was I really sitting in a conference hall in a different dimension this morning? Just thinking about it made her head swim, and Mr. Hill's droning, quiet voice was a lullaby to her thoughts.
How strange to be in school and not feel a constant knot in her stomach; not to feel unsure and left out. All that had happened in the last few days really had changed her. However, there was no doubt that having the confident Renny by her side made a big difference too. When she got her bearings, she might even enjoy this. For now, all she wanted to do was sleep. Those two guys were also occupying her thoughts.
Graeme certainly seemed interested. God, he was good-looking! And Neal, well, he was really strange and she hadn't liked what she overheard in the little shop. Did he really warn me off Graeme after that class? How weird, and Cassie said he'd been a nice bloke. What could have made him change so much?
"Come on Gaiah, Kaley will be waiting." Renny's voice made Gaiah aware the class had actually finished and the teacher was leaving the room.
"Right, I'm ready." She gathered her books and looked at Renny who was still buzzing. "Maybe they have study hours or after school clubs or volunteer activities?   Should we find out?" Renny said.
"Renny, are you mad? I spent ten endless years going to school and now, although things are different and I'm different, I'm not different enough to want to look for more school time. Anyway, I'm wrecked."
"Maybe later, when you're used to the place?" Renny's voice was hopeful as she followed Gaiah out the door. They were passing their lockers when a scrap of paper sticking out of hers caught Gaiah's attention. She pulled it out, smoothed it and read,
Work beckons-more shelf-stacking and abuse taking!
Still, have to earn some money because I'd like to take you out sometime! See you soon.
G.
What a buzz! She never thought someone like Graeme would look twice at her. Okay, he had a reputation, but he was so good looking, it was inevitable there would be stories about him. Renny peered over her shoulder.
"Powers! He works fast. You must be so energized. What are you going to do? What are you going to wear? A date on your first day and with such an electric looking guy! Wait 'til Kaley and Alasdair hear."
Gaiah didn't want to tell Kaley or Alasdair about it yet. She didn't want to talk to anyone about anything. Everything was just too much. That trip to Gaiana had left her confused, exhausted and with her head in a spin. At this moment she longed to be sitting alone in the kitchen in Linden Gardens, her father upstairs working away and the sound of rock music travelling down through the house. To be sitting in the armchair with no inter-dimensional threat and no one waiting for her to become a superhero.
"Oh My God! From the look on your face that economics class must have been brutal." Cassie was strolling towards them.
"Hey Cassie, guess what? Graeme has written a note to Gaiah asking her on a date."
Renny was still looking at the note and didn't notice the expression change on Cassie's face, but Gaiah did. Cassie blurted, "Don't go! He has quite a reputation, you know. You really don't want to get involved with him."
Gaiah stared. Bloody Hell! A second warning? Was Cassie jealous?Why were people telling her what to do? She was too tired to be tactful.
"Do you know what, Cassie? I've only just found the note. I haven't thought about it. And I have no idea what I even want to do. So you can give me your advice another time, if I want it. We must go now, my grandmother will be waiting."
Ignoring the hurt on Cassie's face and the surprise on Renny's, she wheeled around and stalked out of the building.

It was a quiet journey home. Gaiah already regretted her cranky response to Cassie. It had also upset Renny, who was now uncharacteristically silent in the back seat. Or perhaps Renny realized she shouldn't have mentioned the note to Cassie and was trying to make amends by being silent. Either way, today had been just too much.
"Is everything okay, girls? School wasn't too awful, was it, Gaiah?" Kaley asked.
"No, it was fine. It's just that I'm really tired." She was so close to overload, even her voice was dull. She caught Kaley giving her an appraising sidelong glance before making cheerful, innocuous chatter all the way home.
Alasdair was in the kitchen taking a steaming shepherd's pie out of the oven. Renny waved at them all. "See you in a bit."
Kaley looked up. "Don't forget to set your dual time, dear. You have less than half an hour, Gaianan time." Renny nodded and shimmered out of sight. Gaiah went to her room and closed the door. She curled up on her bed and rang her father. Sinking back against her pillows she closed her eyes. It was so nice to hear his voice. It seemed like a long time since they had breakfast together in Linden Gardens.
"Gaiah! I was just thinking about you. Well, how are things with Alasdair and Kaley?"
Gaiah was impressed at the casualness of the question. Kaley's encognating had made him believe the whole situation was perfectly normal.
"Oh, it's all good, I miss you though. How are you managing?"
"The kitchen doesn't seem the same without you in the armchair. But I bet you don't miss that miserable school. I'm glad you're out of there. You'll be pleased to hear, I got the agency to send a housekeeper, who keeps food in the fridge and everything ticking over, so don't worry about me."
"Yeah, good idea. I'm delighted to hear it. Are you working on anything new?" New life and energy were apparent in his voice as he described his new piece. This  told her even more than his words about how focused he was on his work. He signed off by saying that he had to go now, as the CD was coming to an end and he had to get another one on straight away as silence would break his impetus.
"Love you, bye," she said as they hung up. She was glad he was in a good place now, but a strange sadness weighed her down. So much was going on in her life now, that he just wasn't part of.
She showered, pulled on a soft tracksuit, snuggled into a huge, multi-coloured, fleece dressing gown and went back to her grandparents. Alasdair and Kaley had moved the food into the living room. A warm, terracotta-coloured room, four large, wooden lamps threw glowing circles of light around the sofas and armchairs.. The furniture was soft and comfortable. Gaiah settled herself on a long sofa, while Kaley put on a dvd.
"This is called The Holiday," she said. "Nothing too taxing, and Alasdair can always read his book if it gets too girly."
The log fire crackled as they ate. By the time they had finished eating and Cameron Diaz was meeting Jude Law, Gaiah was dozing. By the time Kate Winslet was meeting Eli Wallach, Gaiah was fast  asleep. She barely felt her grandparents cover her with a quilt and the sound of the closing door was just a distant click fitting into her dreams.
=+;+=

Chapter Eleven
,.
The morning was better, she woke refreshed and focused. There really was absolutely nothing she could do about whatever the Gaianans expected of her, just nothing. So she resolved, at least, to try and sort out her confusions about Graeme and Neal, and of course, apologize to Cassie.
By the time she was dressed in simple jeans and sweater, Kaley and Alasdair were already in the kitchen.
"Good morning, dear, good sleep? Help yourself, there's some porridge on the stove and the cream is in the fridge. We are thinking of arranging for Renny to stay a night or two with us. To get you started on controlling your encognating. What do you think?"
"Oh wow! Wonderful, better than wonderful, I can't wait to start." This was so exciting.  A thought struck. "Hey, Grandma, yesterday you mentioned ' coobes or cuebes, or something. What were they?"
"Oh that's quebes, QUEBES. They are small squares of compressed, pre-programmed energy. They're just a convenience thing. Basic household things usually. Say you were going to have a party and needed a lot of glasses? Well, to create them from scratch can be time-consuming, so we just buy a box of glass quebes, supply a tiny bit of energy to activate them and there you are. Cheap and disposable, the energy only lasts twenty four hours and then it disperses."
"That's amazing-" Any other questions were interrupted by a prolonged shimmering in the centre of the kitchen. What on Earth was happening now?
Kaley smiled at her and nodded her head at the shimmering. "That's the equivalent of knocking, if you're using an occupied door,"
Renny appeared. Today, her look was American high school prep-white shirt, short-sleeved angora jumper and short, checked skirt, black tights and boots.
"Hi, everyone. Oh, porridge, electric! Can I have some please?"
"Of course." Kaley ladled out a bowl of the steaming, creamy mixture, handed it to Renny with a bowl of brown sugar. "But eat quickly; you really don't want to be late again today!"

They weren't. They had double economics first class, and Mr. Hill expanding on 'price volatility in markets' gave Gaiah time to think about what she wanted to do. First, Graeme. She brought his face to mind and smiled.  He's gorgeous, charming and funny. I don't believe all those stories.
Hell, I'm eighteen. I don't know anyone here. Why should I be worried if some girls are jealous? I liked the look of him from the moment I saw him in that shop, why shouldn't I go out with him? She searched her mind. There wasn't any reason.  She smiled. There, that was sorted.
Now, Neal. According to Cassie and Donald, he'd been a normal, rather nice boy, then he became a cold and distant loner, shunning his friends. Could this just be normal male teen behaviour? Plus, he had a very unhappy home life which can only have been getting worse as he got older. Or, is he an Or'kan occupied? The thought sent a chill through her. It might explain how strange I feel when he looks at me. She remembered her heart leaping as he stood next to her in class. She mentally shook herself. Forget it. That's mad.
And anyway, is he really the guy from Edinburgh? When she tried to remember, it seemed hazy. And that odd remark he´d made about staying away from Graeme. What was that about? Well...was he jealous? Maybe he always felt left out or something? Maybe I can be the person to break through his barriers; after all I've just been through the same thing. We could be friends, couldn't we?
For some reason this thought made her breath catch. It felt dangerous, but why? There's nothing to lose by trying, is there? That's decided, now I've got a plan for both guys. She was pleased with herself and gave Mr. Hill her full attention for the rest of the class.
Maths class was next, and Mrs. Kane was already going in the door by the time they arrived up from the annexe. Gaiah scanned the room quickly. There was no sign of Neal or Graeme. Donald was in his usual place, Gaiah looked over at him and smiled, but his smile in return seemed rather strained. When the bell went for break, Donald stood up and muttered. "You two going to the canteen?"
Gaiah had gone over her timetable with Kaley that morning, so she answered promptly. "No, we're on a short day today, so we'll be heading home."
"Okay." He turned to go.
"Donald, what's wrong with you?" Renny stopped him. "Yesterday, I thought you were going to be our new best friend, and today it's like you can't get away from us fast enough."
"Well?it's just that?Cassie rang me last night, and she was upset. She said Gaiah had turned on her, before you all left yesterday. I know you two are like the hottest thing that has happened to this school and all, but Cassie's really nice and-".
Gaiah leapt to her feet. "Oh God, I know! I was such a bitch yesterday, where is she? I really want to apologize."
"Really?" His face brightened. "You'll find her in the art room, that's down in the annex past your economics room and just beyond the bathrooms. They've been having an exhibition there for the week. Hey, that's cool, see you tomorrow." He left with a smile on his face.
Renny was still smiling at being described as one of the hottest things in the school.
"Hey Renny, I need to go find Cassie and apologize. I'll only be a few minutes, do you want to come or go to Kaley? I'm sure she'll be outside now."
Renny arched a plucked eyebrow. "I'm sticking with you, Gaiah, you know that."
They had no trouble finding the art room; the door was decorated with full hand prints in brilliant colours, and covered with a coat of varnish. "This is brilliant." Gaiah held the door open and they stood in the doorway to admire it.
"It was Neal's idea about four years ago." Cassie told them from behind a long table where she was rearranging her display in the exhibition. Renny went to look out the window into a small volleyball court to allow Gaiah time to apologize.
"Look, Cassie, I'm really sorry for being so up myself yesterday. I thought you were really nice, and I hoped we'd be friends. The truth is?I was feeling miserable. I missed my dad, and there was too much going on. Then I upset you with this Graeme business, and I over reacted So, I'm sorry for biting your head off."
Cassie put down the painting she was holding and came over. "Don't worry, I'm sorry too. It wasn't your fault Graeme asked you out. I shouldn't have said anything. Friends?"
Gaiah's wide smile was almost an answer in itself. "Yes! Of course. Now, can I see your work?"
Renny joined them and Cassie showed them four beautiful pastel abstracts. Shades of light grey and pink, in swirls and waves, merged with dark silver, giving way to pale blue and a misty white. "It's based on a highland dawn."
"I love it, God! The art department here is really good. As far as I could see in my old school everyone shared five tubs of acrylic paint and a block of plasticine."
Cassie laughed, "It's great here, they're really supportive. Come and look at the rest." She led Renny over to admire some vibrant batiks, but Gaiah was drawn to the end of the room by some large pieces.
"Oooh! These are incredible!" She drew closer, the work enthralled her. Four large sheets of thin copper, each about two foot square, were mounted on pieces of polished wood. They were all worked into a developing pattern of curves and circles, undulating and intertwining and connecting. Some areas of the sheets were polished to a glowing sheen and others were treated so they were pitted and dark. One thin gold line flowed around and through each piece, slowly fading and merging into the brightest and largest portion of the polished metal. What was it? How was it affecting her so? Her heart seemed to fill up with?what? Recognition? Loss?
"These are Neal's pieces." Cassie's voice cut into Gaiah's wonder.
"Neal?" It was the last thing she would have expected from that brooding, sullen guy. Yet, the more she looked at the work, the more she was sure there was an awful lot to the person who had created them.
Cassie stood admiring them too, her own pieces forgotten. "He's brilliant and should go to an art college. But he won't even discuss it with the art teacher. Though to be honest, he hasn't done much recently, he's hardly at school."
Gaiah ran a finger over the cool contours of the metal. Surely, this could be used to make some connection with Neal. Anyone who could create work like these, had to have the heart and soul of an artist. So what had made him change so radically?
Renny sauntered over. "We'd better go, Kaley will be outside."
Cassie nodded. "Okay, see you tomorrow. I'm staying on, I gotta get these displayed properly." Gaiah said goodbye, Renny waved, and they headed out to the waiting Kaley.

Kaley leant across and threw open the car door when she saw them. "Quickly, I thought you'd never come out! We've decided you need a cheerful, normal trip to Gaiana to counteract your last visit."
Gaiah snorted with laughter, "A normal trip to Gaiana!! Do you know how bizarre that sounds to me?"
Kaley nodded and smiled over at her. "Of course, Sweetheart, but hopefully, you'll soon get used to it. Donnan has invited us to the opening of his new fromset shop today, so we'll shift for a little while when we get home. I warn you though we will have to be fast."
"His what shop?"
" Fromset. Wait til you taste it! It's electric! Taste bombs! Oh, the angoberry's just the best, you'll have to try that one, or wait maybe the-"
"Yes, Renny. But what is it?"
Kaley took over. " I suppose it's kind of like Earth ice-cream, a very light mousse that's frozen with carbonated crystals that fizz and kinda sparkle in your mouth as it melts. Anyway, Donnan, you met him, he's one of the Ten, is an absolute magician with flavours and it's his turn in Permute Avenue. We're all very excited, no one has even seen his building yet, he's kept it covered the whole time." She looked at Renny, "Is it two or three new ones there this week?"
"Em, two, I think. Isn't there going to be a new bag shop, someone from Clan Air?"
"What's the big deal about a new shop? I'mean, I get being excited about your friend's one, but a new bag shop? Don't you have many shops on Gaiana?"
"Oh yes, we do. They are dotted around the place, but Permute Avenue is the most important area. It's attached to the centre you were in. That place is the Arrival Hall, Conference Hall, Hover Dock and the main Commercial Centre for all Gaiana. Permute Avenue is where anyone who has a business, gets an opportunity to open up, right in the hub."
"Anyone?"
"Yes, indeed. Of course there is a waiting list, it's only fair.  Anyone who's got a business can put whatever they like in Permute Avenue for a year, then when they move, if they have built up a clientele, people will keep going to them." As she spoke, Kaley parked the car and ushered them into the house.
Alasdair was waiting, he rubbed his hands together. "Fromsets everybody?"

Second time around, there was time to marvel at the instantaneous shifting from one world to the other. Magic! That's the only word for it.
Sunshine through the high glass ceiling threw bright geometric patterns onto the floor of the arrival hall. This time they changed into Gaianan tunics. "We won't be long, but we will be mingling."  Kaley said, showing Gaiah into a cubicle. There were a range of tunics in vibrant rainbow colours. A deep turquoise shading to the lightest sky blue was in her hand before she'd even started removing her Earth clothes. The soft fabric was cool, comfortable and wonderfully fluid as she stepped out. Far more suited to her willowy Gaianan form than the cumbersome jeans and jumper.
Renny twirled her around by the arm. "Show me! Oh that's soo cool on you, really electric." Her own tunic was a vivid deep, orange, Kaley and Alasdair in matching forest green, beckoned to them. "Come on, girls, before today's batch is sold out."
They strolled along a moving pavement which carried them in the sparkling sunlight, across the vast arrivals hall. Kaley and Alasdair pressed palms with people as they passed, but didn't stop to talk. "We don't have much time, and I really want to have a word with Donnan. I always said these darn currares should be faster." Kaley lengthened her stride.
"These what?" Gaiah looked at Renny for help. Renny just pointed her finger down at the mosaic path they were traveling on.
Gaiah smiled.  "Ah, right, should have known."

Light fractured into rainbowed glints as they passed under an engraved crystal arch and into a wide, tree-lined street. No two buildings were the same.
They stepped off the currare.
"Well, what do you think?" Alasdair waved his arms wide.
What was there to say? It was mindboggling. She paused before answering, to rest her hand on the rough bark of a tree. Yes, it was real. Tall, wide and clustered with pink flowers, like a flowering cherry in overdrive.  She squinted at the sky beyond it. High above circling birds, barely visible, were thin, gleaming struts. "This is all indoors? Impossible!"
Alasdair beamed. "Wonderful, isn't it? My Powers! Look at Donnan's shop!"
Across the road, a cheerful, chatting queue filed into a large rustic barn, complete with thatched roof.
"Ha, trust Donnan to stand out!" Renny clapped her hands. "It's stellar!
Gaiah laughed. It certainly did stand out. Clad in roughly hewn, dark wood, its deep window ledges held planters spilling out trails of brilliant flowers. It was finished off with well-worn granite paving stones, complete with wildflowers pushing up between them. It made an extraordinary contrast to the rectangular, glass and aluminum clothing store next to it. It was hard to believe, this in a main street? "Aren't there like, any planning laws or things?"
Alasdair frowned. "Why would we need laws for something like this? It's wonderful to see what each individual comes up with."
"Why don't you guys have a stroll around and I'll brave the crowd at Donnan's shop? We really don't have much Gaianan time." Kaley was already stepping on to the road as she spoke.

Alasdair led the way along the wide pavement of gleaming marble.
Gaiah walked slowly. It was hard to take in somewhere so alien and yet, in some ways kind of? familiar.  "I don't know what to say.  It's marvelous, bizarre even." Making her point, she nodded at people going in and out the open mouth of a beautifully sculpted woman's head. The shining blue of its perfectly finished eyes gave a view of the clients on the first floor of a hairdresser's. "It's not what I was expecting, not that I even know what I was expecting!"
"Let's just sit and look." Alasdair pointed at a street bench. Polished, green stone; it was formed to look like a plumped sofa. Renny sat, curled her legs under her and leant her arm along the back. "You prefer Earth, Gaiah?"
"No! Not at all, it's just? I suppose? highly evolved beings and all that, I expected, I dunno, something scifi looking, all flying cars and things."
Renny shook her head. "Why would you want cars in a busy shopping area? Cars only fly outside, anyway, here they're 'hovers' not cars."
Before Gaiah could question this, Alasdair settled down on her other side, picked up her hand and held it. "Look Gaiah, we're people, just ordinary people. Okay, we're more evolved in some ways than Earthways people, but we still want more or less the same things-"
"Alasdair! How are you?" A hand, palm up, was waved between them, waiting to be pressed. Alasdair stood to greet the pretty woman whose eyes were fixed on Gaiah.
"You must be poor Gaiah?" The woman's soft face held a sad smile.
How the hell do I answer that? Gaiah got to her feet.
Alasdair put his arm around her. "Em, yes this is my granddaughter Gaiah. Gaiah this is Anthella, partner to Ay-lun. You meet him at the council meeting."
I did? Her hand was squished between two moist, soft palms.
"Oh, you're so brave! Living everyday with the knowledge that the Or'kans are stalking you, never knowing what human might be an occupied!" Anthella shuddered. "I couldn't bear it, but then, I suppose as a melding's child, it's easier for you."
Gaiah pulled her hand back. "Don't worry, I'm well protected."
"Well, what are your plans for- "
Alasdair cut her off, indicating his watch and muttering about a waiting Kaley. He urged the girls back towards the fromset shop. "That woman! Her words rarely share a hover with her brain!"
Renny rolled her eyes. "Anyway, you're safe. You live with Kaley and Alasdair, and you've got me every day at school."
Kaley hailed them, four twists of paper in her hands. She kissed Gaiah "Sorry my dear. We must head back. I did warn you it would be short.  It's been enough Earth time. At least I got to congratulate Donnan-"
"Well, that was very important. Thank the lights you got that done." Alasdair winked.
"Oh, don't be silly!" Kaley shook her head at him, but there was a hint of red in her cheeks.
She held a yellow twist out to Gaiah. "This one's for you, as long as you still love bananas?"
"Thank you, yes, I do." The smell was distinctively banana-y, but with an edge she couldn't identify. Alasdair's twist was purple. Sort of like blackberry, he told her. Kaley's and Renny's were orange.
They allowed the currare to bring them back, while they leaned against the rail and ate their fromsets. The creamy confection dissolved with tiny taste explosions that had her running her tongue around her mouth looking for more. "It's incredibly delicious, Grandma, I can see why they're so popular." The yellow paper was edible too, an intense banana flavor to finish the experience.
Her jeans and jumper felt heavy and awkward when she put them back on, and leaving the sparkling vibrancy of Gaiana seemed to drain a little colour from life. It had been brilliant, but that woman's gushing sympathy had been unsettling.
;
Graeme and  Neal weren't in school next day either. It was frustrating, not being able to act on those great plans immediately. Embarrassingly, she found herself doodling Graeme's name on her copy. Thank God, no one noticed! Despite Renny's cheerful presence, the wait for the last bell of the day to sound, seemed endless.
On the way home, Kaley told them she'd spoken to Renny's family, and they had agreed Renny could stay Earthways in the cottage with them for a while. "You do need to synchronize your Earth sleep, and it's important for Gaiah to start on her encognation training. Alasdair and I are shifting back to Gaiana briefly this evening, so we thought it would be a good time to start. I'm leaving pizza for the two of you, and we'll be back in time to bring you to school."
This was electrifying news. "Fantastic! I can't wait to start learning how to 'suggest' properly." Abruptly, new vitality buzzed through her. That trip to Gaiana had made a difference, but this, this was going to be a true change. This could be the last of 'London Gaiah'. Now 'half Gaianan Gaiah' would be a different proposition. For the rest of the journey she enthusiastically quizzed Renny and Kaley about Gaiana.
"What was it like to grow up there?"
Kaley answered this one. "Much the same as Earth really, but with the vast difference that there is no violence or poverty. Everyone is free to choose their own life."
"That's almost unbelievable. Of course, it's fantastic, but if everyone always has everything, isn't it a bit boring?"
Renny jumped in. "Powers no! We still have all the normal problems: love, relationships, work. These things don't go any smoother at home than they do Earthways. Plus we have always had to deal with Or'ka."
"God, yes-that must be awful." Gaiah changed the subject quickly, the last thing she wanted was to think about now was her, apparently inevitable, part in dealing with Or'ka. "Hey, here's something else I've been wondering since our first talk. How long do Gaianans live?"
Kaley's reply amazed her. "Over a thousand Earth years. We have all the same body workings and functions as Earth people, but obviously at a much slower molecular rate. Our manipulation of energy and atoms allow for a far more advanced medical system. Though there are always things that even Gaianan doctors can't cure."
Gaiah had a million questions vying to be asked. "Are there any more super powers?"
"Shifting," answered Kaley. "This obviously could be seen as a power, because Earth people can't do it."
Renny leant forward. "And encognating of course. Though not all Gaianans can do it as well as I can."
"She said modestly." Kaley and Gaiah both said at the same time. They caught each other's gaze and burst out laughing.
"Well, it's true!" Renny's voice rose, but she was smiling.
"Where does all the energy come from?" Gaiah was thinking of her grandparents' house appearing and disappearing.
"We don't really create it. We move and store it. We have machinery, but need people to focus their own brainwaves in synchronization to extract energy from air and matter. It takes time and effort. For example, Donnan needed a lot of his clan's help to create his fromset shop." Kaley's voice took on a lecturing tone. Just as she launched into the physics of particles, neutrons and atomic structure, they arrived home. Gaiah grinned back at Renny, knowing they were both relieved to be spared the lecture.
;
That evening, Renny and Gaiah settled down to an encognation class. Facing each other across the kitchen table, Renny began. "I can tell when encognating is being done, which is why I got this electric assignment. I can't get exact individual words, but I get a strong sense of what is being encognated. But I also have a good encognative ability, which is what I must teach you."
"I can't wait! This is really exciting." She was upright at the edge of her seat, hands clasped on the table and stared intently at Renny.
"It's a three-pronged thought sequence and really easy. You must think-I WANT, that's your number one. I WANT that YOU FEEL, now that's your number two and then I WANT that YOU FEEL that YOU WANT is your number three. Focus hard on whatever it is that you want to suggest at them. This really is to protect people from being influenced by you when you don't mean to do it. It also makes it far more effective when you do it for real. Up to now you've just kind of been wishing that people would do what you want and probably all they were getting was a vague feeling of confusion or maybe a slight desire to do something odd."
Gaiah protested. "No, it did work sometimes, I mean, really work, like-'that was a very satisfactory interview with Gaiah, I don't know why her teacher sent her on report to me.' or 'I think Gaiah looks tired, I'll let her off all the Easter holiday revision work.' Admittedly not all the time, but often enough."
Renny smiled. "Well, you must have great powers of concentration, because it's usually fairly random when you start. Right, so it's one, two, three. I WANT that YOU FEEL that YOU WANT...Those are the steps that you have to get used to. There are rules that we Gaianans adhere to. We don't use it on humans unless it's necessary, and we NEVER make someone do anything against their nature. Needless to say, Or'kans, have no such scruples. Their encognation methods are closer to complete annihilation of the human's will."
"Talking about Or'kans, do Gaianans and Or'kans recognize each other in their Earthways forms? I mean how would you know if you were sitting next to one on a bus? What do they look like?"
Renny frowned. "You're supposed to be concentrating on encognating.  But okay. Well?I suppose our females' hair is fairly distinctive, unless we go to lengths to hide it. Or´kans are dark, but so are a lot of Earth people. So it's hard to detect each other, unless, like me, you can feel encognating going on or they have an energy drain in front of you. Now back to work. Right! You try. Off you go, encognate me to give you the last piece of pizza."
"It's not going to work on you though, is it, as we're both Gaianan?"
"No you won't be able to make me think I want to do something, but I will be able to feel it. No more putting it off."
Gaiah tried. I want that?you feel that?you want to? give me the pizza. And she imagined as clearly as she could, Renny handing the slice of pizza to her.
"Well, I have to say I do feel it, a bit." Renny smiled and ate the pizza. They practiced for the rest of the night. Over and over, until they were both tired of it. In bed, Gaiah found the three steps were repeating themselves in her head like a mantra until she finally dropped into a deep, dreamless sleep.
;
The night sky was barely broken by stars and the moon was sullen behind thick clouds, but the figure stalking up the hill, needed no light to show him the woodland path that snaked up the hill to the hill-top fort.
The hunting owls he disturbed settled quickly when he stood motionless in the centre of the clearing. They paid no heed as his body faded bit by bit to transparency.  By the time they swooped on their scurrying prey, he had disappeared completely.
There was no time to change clothes. His Or'kan form, solid and heavy, stretched and strained his Earth clothes as he strode from the dark arrivals hall across a metal corridor and into the conference hall. The smooth concrete floor and the curved metal walls were of a uniform grey, unbroken by window or picture. A long table of black stone had a line of unoccupied chairs down either side.
"Is she dead?" The question was barked at him from the figure sitting behind a metal desk, just inside the door.
"No, not yet. It didn't work out. I -"
"We don't care what you did. You promised us you'd remove her. Is it too much for you?"  The sneering tone matched the twist of the lips.
"She's nothing, useless and powerless. Nothing to be so afraid of. I'll deal with her shortly. I merely came to make sure that you're keeping to your end of the bargain."
"Yes, yes. Look." The seated man impatiently stabbed at a keyboard. A portion of the wall became a screen. "Here's a record of all the energy produced by your slaves, all collected and stored for you, plus you have our promise of extra, if you need  to occupy more  humans."
"You're working them hard." A small smile of satisfaction accompanied these words. "And your own plans?"
"Sufficient for you to know, we're close to success, and you will be rewarded when we get it. Make sure she doesn't interfere."
"Don't worry, she won't get the chance." He didn't wait for an answer.
=+;+=

Chapter Twelve
,.
Gaiah opened her curtains to a gloriously bright day. Her spirits felt as high as the wisps of jet trails streaking the sky.  It feels like I'm waking up on my birthday. Why? The answer was instant. After all the years of her 'suggesting' being a vague, unpredictable, shameful secret, it was now an acknowledged and admired power, and  she seemed to be good at it. Last night had been wonderful. She couldn't wait for more lessons with Renny. Also, she still had her plans waiting to be put into action. If only those guys would bloody turn up at school! She was going to make arrangements for a date with Graeme, the best looking guy she had ever seen, and try to figure out what was up with his clearly troubled friend. With her new-found confidence she was sure she could help him.
;
 "Oh. My. Powers! Look who's waiting outside school." Renny accompanied each word with a shake of Gaiah's arm.' A quick glance in the direction of Renny's wide-eyed stare, and her mouth was suddenly dry. Graeme was leaning against the wall next to the main door.
She walked slowly towards him. He straightened when he saw her and chocolate brown eyes held her gaze each step of the way. That lovely mouth curled into a smile when she stopped in front of him. He held out his hand, there was no need to think twice. Her palm slipped into his, their hands evenly matched. The sensation of his warm, dry skin on hers, sent shivers through her. He gave a tiny tug on her hand, pulling her a few steps out of the student stream. Renny stood and watched, her reggae coloured outfit and hairstyle attracting nearly as much interest as Graeme's attention to Gaiah.
"I wanted to be sure you weren't offended by my note. I know it was only your first day and all, but? the thing is? I couldn't stop thinking about you since I saw you in the shop. Maybe I jumped the gun and now you think I'm a presumptuous idiot? I couldn't sleep the last few nights, beating myself up for doing it."
Words failed her. Even if she knew what to say, she didn't seem to have control over any part of her body. Her hand was still in his, she was still staring at him. Oh my God! Did he actually say all that to me? Say something, do something
"I?  ah, I?" She swallowed and looked down at their joined hands. With her eyes released her brain came back into gear. " No-"
A look of dismay transformed his face and he dropped her hand. She hurried on, "No! I meant no, don't beat yourself up, I liked your note."
"Phew, for a moment there?" He picked up her hand again. "One thing I've learned in my vastly long life-"   He grinned as she laughed aloud at this. "- is that you should grab things you want. Don't waste time wondering 'what if or should I', just go for it, life is short, what's the worst that can happen? You'll fail, get shot down whatever. You can try again. So I'm going for it here Gaiah, I think we had a connection from the minute we saw each other, didn't we?"
Oh God. He'd noticed in the shop, how could he not? I practically drooled on him. Still, what he said's right, what's the worst that can happen? " Um, yes, I think we did, actually."
He curled her hand around and held it against his chest, bringing her in close enough to smell a spicy aftershave. "Okay! In that case, my Lady, the game's afoot, the seconds are out of the ring, the gloves are off-" Her laughter interrupted him.
"Whoaa, far too many mixed metaphors there for that to make sense."
"Oh you mean a Phoramet?"
"A what?"
"A phoramet, that's a 'metaphor' that's mixed!" The smile on his face as he waited for the joke to register was so endearing, she wanted to hug him. Renny stopped any possibility of that happening by waving her hand between their faces. "C'mon Gaiah, we'll be late,"
Graeme squeezed her hand gently. "See you later." His smile made an exclusive universe around the two of them.
Renny's voice was an intrusion. "C'mon, c'mon, we don't even know what class room we're in yet, let's go."
"Okay, okay. Relax Renny, I'm coming. Yeah, see you later Graeme." A little thrill ran through her as she said these words and she walked backwards behind Renny, unwilling to lose sight of Graeme's smile.
"Watch out!" Renny grabbed her arm and turned her around to face Miss Bird. The secretary twisted her mouth and shook her head. "Not a very sensible way to walk, is it, Dear?"
"Sorry, Miss Bird, I was ? I was?" She couldn't continue. A combination of excitement at meeting Graeme, and Renny crossing her eyes and sticking her tongue out behind the secretary's back, had her giggling uncontrollably.
"Oh, get along girls, stop this nonsense." Miss bird waved them away.

Even during double economics class, little bubbles of joyous excitement meant she had to try hard not to smile hugely during Mr. Hill's explanation of the Globalization of Trade. By break time, she had recovered her composure somewhat, helped by the fact that Graeme wasn't in any of her classes. As they headed towards the canteen, Gaiah hesitated at the door of coloured palms. "I'd really like another look at those copper pieces."
Renny opened the art room door, looked around and waved Gaiah in. "Okay, it's empty, you look round while I go to the loo."
Gaiah headed straight for Neal's work. She stood in front of the glowing copper and again, it connected immediately with her?almost speaking to her.
"I haven't seen you in here before."
She squeaked in fright. It wasn't just the art speaking to her, it was Neal. He eased himself up from where he had been crouched, polishing the supports of his work. His black denims and t-shirt were paint-splattered but his hair was shining in a thick ponytail.
"Jesus! You scared the life out of me," gasped Gaiah. Her hand flew to her chest as if she could calm her heart.
He bent and continued with his work. "What are you doing here?"
"I came to look at these again. I?I just love them? they make me feel?"
Neal stood up again, stepped closer and looked down at her. "What? What do they make you feel?"
Gaiah took his question seriously and looked again at the beautiful copper work. "As if they're talking to me. I can feel something tugging at me for attention."
"And what are they trying to tell you?"
She glanced up at him and found him staring intently at her. He had dark shadows under his eyes. She had to stop her hand from rising, to smooth the deep lines creasing his forehead. What am I thinking! His wide mouth quirked up at the side and his green eyes looked at her so intensely, so deeply, as if he was trying to tell her something. She forgot about the work. This is my chance to try and make friends. Grab it! She took a deep breath and blurted, "Look Neal, I know everyone says you're an unfriendly loner?"
His dark eyebrows went up and his smile disappeared. "Thanks a lot!"
"No, I didn't mean?well?I did. It's just that, I know there's something more. I don't know why, but I just do and this art proves it. You can't be as detached and indifferent to things as you try to be."
Gaiah heard herself gabbling but was unable to stop. "I know you're unhappy and I know what that's like. We don't know each other so maybe it would be easier to talk to me about things?" Oh God. Leave it there. Shut up, Gaiah, this is going nowhere. "Believe me, this isn't something I've ever done before, in fact it's quite mad. I really don't know what I'm doing."
Her cheeks get hotter and hotter and she wished to God she'd never started. She began to speak faster, almost running her words together in an effort to end this madness. "Anyway, you can talk to me, Neal, you can tell me anything-I don't care how weird it sounds." She ground to a halt and felt sweat gathering under her arms. At least he wasn't laughing at her.
He put his head to one side and said, "You have no idea how weird, weird is." He was standing very close and Gaiah could smell the bees' wax he´d been using. She was looking up at him, wondering?she didn't know what she was wondering. The door crashed open and Renny came bounding in, pulling up short when she saw Neal standing next to Gaiah.
"Neal! I didn't know you were in here." She strode past him and tugged Gaiah's sleeve. "Come on, it's break time and I'm starving."
Gaiah laughed. "That's usually my line. Right, let's go." She was so glad of the interruption. Given an excuse to stop the blithering she had been going on with. Oh, God. Why did I do that? I'm so embarrassed. What possessed me? Such a STUPID, I'll sort everything out, 'know-all' thing to do.
Renny jerked her head at Neal. "You coming?"
"Yeah, I´ll just finish up here and follow you."
The girls headed to the canteen. Gaiah said nothing to Renny about her attempt to talk to Neal. Heart thudding and head spinning, she felt as if she'd run a marathon. Thinking about it now, she wanted to squirm.
Renny, totally caught up in discussing missing children, didn't notice Gaiah's turmoil. She'd seen a poster in the bathroom and wondered why Earth parents took such bad care of their children. Horrible and all as the subject was, it gave Gaiah the time she needed to recover from her efforts at making friends with Neal. They sat at what, over the next few weeks, became 'their' table.
;
Autumn colours gave way to bleak grey and cold damp, but Gaiah could hardly remember being happier. Kaley put a moratorium on discussing what the Gaianans hoped from Gaiah. She insisted Gaiah have a few weeks to become used to her new life. To her delight and surprise her father rang almost every week, full of details about his most recent piece. She could hear new life in his voice.
School fell into a pattern. Although Graeme's timetable seemed to be a thing of his own devising and his attendance was sporadic, any day he did turn up, he was always waiting outside for them. Now, she easily slipped her hand into his as he walked them to class. She had never imagined school could be such fun. He made her smile when he sauntered into the canteen during break, causing a stir of excitement. Whatever he was wearing he looked as if he'd just stepped from the pages of a magazine, but always with a grin that showed he didn't take his good looks too seriously. They didn't mention the prospective date, but she was quite happy to get to know him at this pace, for now. There was no doubting his interest when he was there. His intense gaze barely left her, and he found every opportunity to trail his hand across her cheek, fix her hair or sit with his thigh radiating heat against hers. Gaiah's own reaction to this amazed her. She became aware of every inch of her body. An uncontrollable heat coursed through her. Graeme's smile said he knew this too, and she found herself avoiding his eyes, afraid of what she'd reveal.
Every day, Donald and Cassie joined them for lunch and filled them in on local news.
At first, the disappearance of the three children was the main topic of conversation. Donald was convinced there was more to it than the prevailing assumption that they had tragically fallen into an unknown shaft or fissure in the hills. Cassie pointed out that exhaustive searches had turned up nothing untoward and nobody thought three children together had been forcibly abducted. She finally forbade Donald to speak about it and things returned to normal- Donald making jokes and Cassie gossiping about everyone in school and the locality.
Neal sometimes joined them, usually leaning against the wall next to them sipping coffee. He rarely added to the conversation and he never referred to Gaiah's clumsy overture, for which she was grateful. But she often found him watching her, which she found unsettling because she knew it meant her eyes were seeking him out too. She didn't know why exactly, was it to keep an eye on him because she didn't trust him, or because she always wanted to know where he was? Whenever Graeme joined them, Neal was always there too, a brooding shadow. There was an undercurrent to their relationship that was hard to figure.
;
The classes in encognation continued at home. Renny proved to be an unexpectedly organized and demanding teacher. Gaiah became more and more confident of her capacity to control her ability. Soon they were discussing with Alasdair and Kaley the ethics of trying it out on someone. As Renny enthused about Gaiah's prowess, all agreed it definitely needed a trial run. They eventually agreed that the first target should be Mrs. Kane in the next maths class.
Next day, anxiety alternately had her stomach churning, or her head pounding the entire morning. All her life this had been a source of trouble and shame. Now she was being encouraged to try it out on a teacher. Nervous and excited, she barely concentrated on anything except keeping her nails from her mouth. Of all the days, this had to be one of the rare times when Graeme was sitting in his place at the back of the room. Gaiah put it off and off, each time telling herself a better moment would come.
She ignored Renny's pointed sighs and coughs. She was scared to try. Scared it would go wrong and have some weird effect on people.
As the maths class came to an end and Mrs. Kane was writing their homework on the board, Renny nudged Gaiah, her  penciled eyebrows disappearing beneath her fringe, her eyes wide as they could go, and her head nodding urgently in Mrs. Kane's direction. Renny was not subtle. Gaiah had to react before anyone noticed this ridiculous pantomime.
She took a deep, wavery breath and thought as clearly and as forcefully as she could at Mrs. Kane. I want?that you feel?that you want?to change your mind about giving us homework. She wiped her palms on her jeans, and waited.
The chalk stopped and Mrs. Kane turned and said, "Actually, I've just realized I want to wait to do this work until after we have completed the quadratic equations, so just look over what we did today-there's no written homework." She collected her books and left. A cheer went up.
Gaiah clasped her hands tightly together under the desk to hide their trembling. Renny smiled proudly and mouthed, ' Very well done.'
Donald beamed. "How about that?"
A chair scraped loudly behind them, Gaiah looked around. Neal was standing. His eyes almost disappearing under the weight of his frown.
"What's wrong with you?" asked Donald.
Neal stalked up between the desks. "Nothing," he muttered but his unfathomable gaze was on her as he walked past. She tensed, her stomach knotted up. What was that about? Why was he acting like that? He couldn't possibly have known, could he?
Graeme remained in  place, leaning back, chair on two legs, with his arms behind his head, grinning at her. He lazily waved an arm and said, "Don't mind him-he's a stick in the mud."
This confused Gaiah as much as Neal's remark. What was it with these guys?
Gaiah and Renny headed to economics class. Halfway down the corridor, Neal, his head down, hands deep in his pockets stalked past them, his shoulder pushing Renny out of his way. Gaiah scowled after him.. "What a jerk."
Renny's shrug did nothing to mollify her.
Gaiah was relieved when the final bell went that day. She'd been feeling odd since Neal's reaction in maths class and, unable to figure out why, had become increasingly annoyed with him. What was it about? Why was he angry? Anyway, why wouldn't he talk to her? If only there was some way of knowing what he thought?Could she, just slightly, encognate that he talk to her? It could hardly hurt? And she'd be doing it with the best of intentions, wouldn't she? By the time they'd reached the school door, she'd more or less decided to try it the next chance she got.
There was no sign of Kaley yet, so they stood outside and chatted to Cassie and Donald in the dulling, grey light of the late afternoon. An arm across her shoulders, made her jump. "At last! Got you. You´re usually gone like a bat out of hell after school." Graeme's voice was close to her ear. "Come and talk to me." He steered her gently away from the others. Renny made to follow but Gaiah's shake of the head slowed her down.
Graeme stopped walking but kept his arm around her. Gaiah felt her face going hot. He turned her to face him, pulling her in against his chest. The contact made her gasp. This didn't feel so casual, where had this urgency come from? His voice was soft. "Look, it's been weeks since we mentioned going out. Let's decide on a time now. You´re a very difficult person to get on your own, you know. That Renny is a bit of a watchdog, isn't she?"
It was hard to think with him so close and she really did want to push back that flop of dark hair hanging over his eyes.
"What about next weekend?" He tilted his head to one side and waited for her answer.
She tried to pull her eyes from the sculpted softness of his lips. Her legs felt strange, she wanted to sit or run, she couldn't tell which. Her voice was shaky. "Sounds good." She had no time to say more because Renny was next to her, pulling at her arm.
"Kaley's just arrived, let's go!"
Graeme glared at Renny's intrusion, his eyes narrowed. Then he smiled, his grin brilliant, annoyance banished.
"Okay, Gaiah, next weekend for definite. We´ll make plans during the week." His hand rested on the back of her neck under her hair, and her heart went into overdrive. Panic or excitement? She couldn't tell.
He looked at her, his eyes impossibly dark. He leant closer and whispered, "See you soon." His breath brushed warm against her ear and sent chills through her. He turned suddenly and left, loping across the grass to his car.
Renny's eyes were bright. "Well? What did he say?"
How come Renny couldn't see the trembling turmoil Graeme had thrown her into? She tried for casual. "Oh, just trying to sort out a date. Maybe for next week. Remember, don't say anything to my gran. There's no need for them to start fussing about nothing."
"Yeah, well just remember, whatever you arrange will have to include me."
"Yeah, like that will be easy to explain!"
"I know, but?" She shrugged.

Gaiah collapsed into the passenger seat with a sigh. What a day! Those two guys had been bothering her, one way or the other, ever since she got here. She really had to sort it out.
"Well? How did it go?" Kaley smiled across at her.
Gaiah looked back blankly.
"The encognation. Today was the big day. Did you do it? Did it work?"
"Oh, yes. Yes I did, and it did."
"It was perfect," said Renny approvingly. "Just the right amount of force, subtle but strong, and we have no maths homework. Could become a habit."
"Renny!" said Kaley warningly, and lectured them on the art of responsible encognating all the way to the cottage.
At home, Alasdair had been working on the assumption that Gaiah would have done her encognation perfectly. He had made a celebration dinner-a Gaianan feast. Greeteing them with a flourish, he led them to the kitchen, where the table was disappearing under huge colourful platters. Gaiah hugged him. "Wow! Thank you. It smells delicious and I'm starving."
The kitchen was a warm oasis. The heavy curtains blocked out the approaching night, and Alasdair had a classical music station playing softly in the background.
Gaiah dipped garlic and parmesan roasted vegetables into tangy dips and creamy sauces. "This is astounding," she marveled. "It's like I never tasted these vegetables before, yet I know I recognize them." Bursts of citrus and mellow mustardy flavours transformed each bite into a different sensation.
Renny reached out to fill her plate again. "You're a brill cook Alasdair-even my mum couldn't do better, and she's pretty electric."

It was a lovely, light-hearted evening, but she was still  bothered. This situation with Graeme and Neal going around and around in her mind. Really, it's time to take some action, go on that date and see how I got on with Graeme, and finally figure out what was up with Neal.
It was difficult to get to sleep that night. No matter how she justified encognating Neal, she wasn't prepared to tell Renny what she was going to do. This felt wrong, but the more she tried not to think about it, the more it was the only thing on her mind.
This disquiet was still with her next morning. Luckily, Renny and Alasdair were noisily exchanging jokes and Gala's silence on the way to school wasn't noticed. Staring out the window, the only thing that was clear to her was, her life was in turmoil and she was sure of nothing.
=+;+=


Chapter Thirteen
,.
First class was double maths, a quick scan confirmed no sign of Graeme, however, Neal was a looming presence in his usual place in the back of the room. Gaiah was conscious of him the entire time but deliberately didn't turn to catch his eye.
As soon as the bell went, Cassie's haloed head peered around the door. "Hey guys, could you help me bring some things to the art room please?"
"Sure!" Renny jumped up. "C'mon Gaiah."
Gaiah got to her feet.  "Yeah, no problem." Anything to get away from imagining Neal's frown. She followed Renny to the door, Donald behind her.
Cassie looked past them. "Neal, I'd really like your opinion on something too, please, if you don't mind?"
He didn't respond but he got up and walked out with them. Gaiah's senses went into overdrive as he walked close behind her. She was even aware of him breathing, despite the heavy tread of his boots. They followed Cassie to her locker, where she loaded them with long papier maché snakes. "They are fairly delicate and maybe a bit wet so be careful."
Gaiah smiled at the sight of Renny and Cassie walking ahead. Renny was in full gypsy mode, wearing a belted white shirt over a flowing coloured skirt with boots, and a bandana on her hair. She was towering over Cassie who wore flat ballet shoes, black tights and a black mini dress. They were both laden down with trails of colored crepe paper and serpent heads.
"I feel as if we're about to walk on stage in a pantomime," muttered Neal.
This was so not what she was expecting, she laughed aloud. "I was just thinking much the same." Well, it was better than saying she'd been afraid he was going to threaten her again.
Okay, things may be back on an even keel with him, but what did that actually mean?

While Neal sorted Cassie´s questions about the positioning and quantity of the snakes on a Medusa head, Donald offered to zoom ahead to the canteen and grab their table.
As soon as things were sorted to Cassie's satisfaction, they all headed for the canteen. Renny and Cassie, in deep discussion about dreadlocks as they went out the door. Gaiah reached out an arm as the door swung back, there was a long streak of green paint tracking along her hand, wrist and jumper. "Damn! I love this jumper."
Neal looked at it. "It's only poster paint. It will come off easily, don't worry."
Gaiah headed to the bathroom. "Okay, I'll go get it off and follow you to the canteen."

It did come off quite easily and she was out the door again in a minute or two. To her surprise, Neal was leaning against the wall waiting for her. His arms were folded and his expression serious. He watched her approach and straightened up.
Damn! There's no sign of Renny. What does he want?
"Are you okay, Neal?"
"Yeah, let's go." He pushed off from the wall and dug his hands deep into his pockets.
What! What's this about? He'd been waiting for me, I know it. But why? What was he not saying? Then almost unbidden, Okay, Gaiah, time to give it a go! And she encognated as clearly and as forcefully as she could. I WANT that...YOU FEEL that?YOU WANT?to tell me what's going on.

Nothing! Not a flicker! She tried again but it was as if her thoughts were bouncing off into a void. She pulled herself back to reality, aware she had been just standing staring into his eyes for the past few seconds and he was staring back just as intently at her.
She wrenched her attention away from him but her heart felt like lead. What happened? I was standing so close to him. I know I encognated  perfectly. I know I did. But there was nothing. How can that be? Oh God! Now, I know he isn't just a normal human boy going through a bad time. Oh no, could he be an Or'kan occupied? Could Kaley help?
"Gaiah?I-" Neal got no further because Renny appeared, striding down the corridor, her face twisted with anxiety.
"Hey Gaiah, where did you get to? What are you up to? You know you can't?" She glanced at Neal. "Well, anyway I saw Graeme heading for the canteen! You'll catch him there if you want to organize your date."
Neal almost transformed in front of them. His face became thunderous and his emerald eyes darkened. "You're going out with Graeme?"
"Well, yes, why not?" She was taken aback by Neal's reaction. "What's wrong? I thought you two were friends?"
"We're not!" shouted Neal, "I told you to stay well away from him." He stalked off. Gaiah was trembling, what had happened?
One minute I was getting lost in his eyes and the next he was like an ogre. Oh Shit! Was it the Or'kan manipulation? Had Neal nearly broken through its control and spoken to me? He'd started to say something before Renny interrupted. Or, maybe my encognation actually worked and he was slowly trying to get his thoughts together to talk to me? If he was just a boy and the encognation had worked, well then, boys aren't exactly known for their speed in having emotional conversations. But then, that would mean he wasn't an Or'kan possession. But I definitely felt the encognation bounce back.
Her head was in a turmoil. He  certainly wasn't as good looking as Graeme, but she wanted to get to know the guy who made the art that had moved her so much.
"Powers Almighty! Were you encognating? You were, weren't you?  I felt it."
"Aah? just a little bit, I'll explain later. Let's go,"
Renny waved her hands wide with exasperation. Renny was oblivious to what had happened. Because in reality, nothing had happened. Gaiah had just been in the middle of an emotional bombshell.
;
The canteen was full, but Donald had succeeded in bagging their table. Graeme was sitting with him, talking to Cassie. He waved them over and made room for them on his bench.
Graeme smiled at Gaiah in a way that almost made her forget the trouble with Neal. He leant close to say something, close enough to make her breath catch as his lips approached. Graeme's smile faded, making Gaiah look around. Neal barged over to the table.
"You're taking Gaiah out?"
"Yes, indeed." Graeme smiled, putting his arm around Gaiah. "I'm thinking of a hike in Craigphadraig woods if this weather holds. I'll show Gaiah all the sights. She needs a knight in shining armour to show her what's what, and that would be me."
Neal sat down next to Cassie and Donald and folded his arms on the table. "Why don't we all go? Your car will take the six of us, won't it?"
Graeme's eyes narrowed as Donald said enthusiastically, "Wicked! Great idea. I know a great area for a picnic, there's an old Pictish-"
"Yeah, well guys, sounds good but you know?the whole two's company thing?" Graeme almost drawled this.
This was extremely awkward and uncomfortable. Graeme's arm was heavy across her shoulders and she didn't like his assumption that she had no say in this matter. She tried to slide away and attempt a joke, "Well, Graeme, it isn't as if we were planning to elope or anything, and it might be fun to all go together?"
Graeme tensed up and removed his arm. He was silent for a while then said in a cold voice, "Whatever, we'll sort it out tomorrow. Anyway, I've no more classes today so I'm off." His gaze flicked up to Cassie. "I'll drive you home, if you like, Cassie?"
Neal stood. "No! It's okay, I'm going in that direction so Cassie and I can walk together." Neal and Graeme glared at each other.
Trying to fill the silence, Gaiah took out the flask of coffee Kaley had packed for them that morning and filled two cups. Renny picked up a cup but her arm jerked and her coffee sploshed over Gaiah's shoulder and arm. Gaiah leapt. "Aaargh, watch it Renny. That's hot!"
"Oh no! I'm so sorry, Gaiah. Come with me and I'll help you clean up." She grabbed Gaiah's hand and almost dragged her from the canteen. She kept going until she reached the bathrooms in the annexe. Exhaling loudly, she pushed the door closed behind them and put her back to it.
"Earth's Death!" She cursed. "I needed to get you out of there. Someone was encognating!"
"What? Are you sure?"
Renny was white faced. "I think it was aimed at Cassie but I couldn't be sure.  The sense of it being that she wanted to go and have sex, now! It was vile. It was something that she did not want to do so it met resistance and not acceptance. Oh Power! I feel sick. I think it came from Graeme!"
"No," said Gaiah slowly. "I don't think so. I think it was Neal."
"What? Why? I mean, I'm not sure. I can detect when encognating is being done, and I would have thought that I'd have an idea where it was coming from too. It's not as if it's all that common."
"Exactly! It was Neal I tried to encognate earlier. I tried as hard as I could and it didn't have any effect whatsoever. And you know I can encognate people properly."
Renny looked at her. "You what? Powers, Gaiah, why? Why didn't you tell me? But yes, there's no doubt you can encognate as well as I can. So?What? You think Neal's an occupied and is trying to hurt Cassie, but why? Gaiah, that doesn't make sense."
Gaiah marshaled her thoughts. "Perhaps Neal is an occupied, and if he is, then he probably knows that I'm a Gaianan, and he must have felt me encognating at him. But why was he hanging around? Was he keeping an eye on me? For what? To kill me? Kidnap me? And why was he was furious when he found I was going to go out with Graeme?"
Gaiah quickly filled Renny in on what she had seen in the shop, the first day she met the guys.
Renny's eyes were wide. "So Graeme's not a friend of Neal's at all?"
"Far from it I'd say."
"Do you think Neal's so angry he was going to take it out on Cassie?
Gaiah shook her head, gusting out a long sigh. Nothing really made any sense.
"God! I feel awful, let's get some air." She pushed open the bars on the emergency exit and went out to the volleyball court. Renny followed her.
"Look, I'm not sure about it all, but the facts are that you tried to encognate Neal, and I know that you are more than capable of it. So if it didn't work, it can only be because he is an occupied. I mean, he can't be an Or'kan because Cassie and Donald grew up with him, and whereas an adult could pretend to be something they aren't, a young child just can't. And I know Cassie was encognated just now. So really, the only logical explanation is yours."
They were still debating when Cassie came running out followed by Donald. "Are you okay? Gosh, I hope you're not burned?"
"No. I'm okay really, I just got a fright," muttered Gaiah.
"Actually," Donald confessed, "to be honest, I have no idea what happened there; one minute we were making plans for the weekend and the next minute the cold war had started and you were sprinting for accident and emergency."
Graeme and Neal appeared at the door. Neal still looked angry but Graeme's good humour seemed restored.
"Well? Not too bad I hope?"
Gaiah didn't meet his eyes. "No problem, my jumper is more damaged than my arm."
He smiled at her. "Well, that's good, so we're okay to make plans for Saturday? I think Donald's plan sounds good, we can all go to the woods. Let's sort times and things tomorrow. Anyway, I'm off now, I have no more classes, coming Cassie?"
Cassie turned away, "No, I'm going to walk with Neal."
Graeme's brown eyes darkened as he stared at Neal. "Do you really want to do this, Neal?"
"Yes," Neal's reply was almost inaudible. "I do. I now realize exactly what I want to do."
Graeme stepped closer to Neal and even though Neal was taller, Graeme seemed to dominate. "You will regret it if you take this step, Neal, I promise you!"
Neal didn't reply but turned to walk back in to the school with Cassie. Graeme's arm shot out. "Don't do this!"
Neal brushed Graeme's arm away and pushed past. Graeme suddenly hooked his right arm around with his hand squeezed into a fist and punched Neal hard in the kidneys.
"Ooof," Neal gasped and jerked upwards, his head thrown back, but almost in the same movement, he turned, swung his fist and connected with Graeme's cheek.
There was a wild light in Graeme's eyes. "A line has been crossed here, Neal, and I won't forget it, I assure you!"
Donald stepped forward. "Hey, guys, this isn't cool. You don't have to do this!" He may as well not have even been there for all the notice they took. Graeme put his head down and ran at Neal hitting him in the chest, staggering him backwards.
It was horrifying. This was not a choreographed fight with perfect punches landing on waiting jaws, nor with stunt doubles rolling and leaping. This was flailing and falling, lucky punches and violent kicks, but with a rage that gave these punches and kicks savagery.
Two year tens passing by saw them out of the window and faster than twitter gossip, the volleyball court had about two dozen boys chanting, "Fight! Fight! Fight! But it soon became obvious that this was more than an ordinary school scrap and the watching boys fell silent as the gasps and grunts and cries of the two figures rolling on the ground echoed around the volleyball court.
When Graeme knelt on Neal's chest and pulled his ponytail so that he could use it to crack Neal's head off the ground, the sound was a sickening thud and the blood left behind was clear on the beige floor. When Neal pulled Graeme's legs from under him, Graeme hit the ground, with a bone jarring crash. Graeme didn't spring back from the blow to the head, bouncing and ready to do a ninja jump; he staggered and tried to clear the blood, leaving it smeared across his face. These weren't the computer game moves that everyone was used to. This was real and, as such, it was messy, horrifying and brutal.
Gaiah clutched at Renny's arm. "I'm encognating as clearly as I can and nothing's happening."
"Yes, me too! They may be closed to us because of fighting or?"
Neal fell, Graeme kicked him hard and fast into the stomach and head. Neal rolled to his side and grabbed Graeme around the knees. Graeme fell on Neal, lunged forward and caught Neal around the throat with both hands, squeezing as hard as he could. This was obvious to all as Neal's face was going redder and redder. He desperately tried to pull Graeme's fingers away, but Graeme's face was set in a mask of fury.
"I told you, I told you NOT to do it!" He repeated over and over.
Cassie screamed. Gaiah and Renny ran forward, but it was the intervention of the principal accompanied by the caretaker and the woodwork teacher that brought things back to normal. They pulled the boys apart and all the spectators slid away.
Neal sat with his knees drawn up and his head resting on them, gasping heavily. Graeme got up slowly, the fury leaving his eyes.
The principal shouted, "Neal, I'm stunned at this behaviour. And as for you Graeme, this may be how you could behave in America but I can tell you this is NOT acceptable here!"
Neal slowly got to his feet as Mrs. Patterson continued to address the two of them. "I have never seen such violence. I have good mind to call the police. At the very least I want your parents in here, Graeme. Your grandparents too, Neal... I...I...mean...this is...well...I know that boys will be boys and everyone loses their temper from time to time, so I suppose there's no harm done-"
"Er?Mrs. Patterson,"  the caretaker stared at her, "they nearly killed each other!"
Mrs. Patterson looked at him for a second or two. "Oh yes! Indeed! Thank you very much for your help here. Sorry for dragging you all away from your work, it's all under control now. Thank you all, I'll deal with it from here."
The staff members walked slowly away looking troubled, but Mrs. Patterson had seemed quite clear. "Right! Back to class and I don't want to hear any more about this nonsense." She stalked back into the school.
Graeme stretched slowly, easing his head from side to side. "Don't look so worried, Gaiah. As she said 'boys will be boys'. Anyway Neal overreacted, and a few punches don't mean anything. We'll sort it out between us. But I guess that it means that he won't want to come out with us on Saturday."
Cassie and Donald were still just standing in silence. Graeme punched Donald gently on the shoulder. "Hey, lighten up! Scraps like this happen all the time back home. Anyway, Gaiah, what about Saturday?"
Was he for real? No response came to mind. There was too much to figure out. "Oh, let's sort it out tomorrow."
He made an elaborate bow. "Yes, Miss Scarlett, after all-tomorrow is another day!"
Despite everything, he could still make her smile. Who didn't know the classic last line from Gone With the Wind?
"Now, I'm off to clean up-I don't want to frighten the customers in Mrs. McKintyre's emporium." And he left without looking at Neal.
Neal's battered face was unreadable. He looked at Gaiah but said nothing, just turned and walked away. Donald exhaled. "Wow! That was something never seen at this school before, it was awful."
"Yeah," agreed Cassie. "I hated it. I feel sick, and what was that with Mrs. Patterson? That was really weird! I mean no detention, nothing! That's not normal. Oh God! It was really gross. I don't feel like going back to class now."
Donald nodded, "Yeah, I feel like heading off too. Let's just get the bus home now, shall we?"
Cassie gave Renny and Gaiah a small smile. "This isn't really typical of our school you know." She gave her usual little wave as she disappeared back into the school with Donald.
"Powers! Wait till Kaley and Alasdair hear all about today." Renny sounded breathless.
"Hang on! Don't say anything yet."
"What? Why?"
"Well, we're not exactly sure about anything. Don't forget, there wasn't any threat to me. Anyway I still feel?I feel?Oh, I don't know what I feel. I don't understand what's going on and until I do, I don't want to alarm my grandparents. I mean, truthfully, I was never at risk, was I?"
Renny thought about this. "No," she said slowly, "but I'm sure it's as clear to you as it is to me that Mrs. Patterson was encognated by someone. And there was no way she would be happy to let that fight go, so the encognation had to override all her instincts. As far as I can see, we still have only one candidate for that role!"
"But why was Graeme so aggressive and violent too?"  Gaiah countered.
"I don't know, some humans are quite sensitive, you know. Maybe he sensed Neal's intentions toward Cassie and wanted to defend her?"
They walked slowly through the school out to the front where Kaley was waiting in the car park. Neal was just starting his bike and didn't look at them as they walked past but Gaiah could see the finger marks on his neck quite clearly.
=+;+=

Chapter Fourteen
,.
There was no chance to tell Kaley anything. She was completely preoccupied with the news that Gorand and his family were shifting Earthways in a day or so, and planned to spend a few nights with them. She was determined to make the visit perfect and had been shopping. Her cheeks were red and her hair escaped from its plait in long tendrils. She almost buried the girls beneath the overflow of shopping bags from the boot of the car.
Gaiah was more than happy to allow a discussion of bolognese versus chicken kiev and lasagne versus steak pie to occupy them all the way home. Kaley ended the conversation with a decision to make everything.
This meant Renny and Gaiah were put to chopping, peeling, crushing and slicing the minute they got home. Gaiah found it therapeutic. A local radio station burbled in the background. Kaley issued constant instructions and Renny questioned them all.
Gaiah's mind was free to roam. Not so much roam, she noted, but spiral in ever-decreasing circles, as she mulled things over. Nothing made any sense. Renny's reproachful looks made it clear she felt they should tell Kaley about the weirdness in school today. But tell them what? About whom? The last thing she needed was for them to forbid her from going back to school, then she'd never figure it out.

Things were boiling, frying, baking and soaking when Alasdair shimmered into view, still wearing his Gaianan clothes. "Can I borrow Gaiah for a minute? I want to show her something. It's a stunningly beautiful sunset at home. I won't keep her long. I promise."
Yes! Anything, anything at all to stop this endless going over of events.
"Wow. I'd love to go, Thanks, Grandpa."
She washed her hands and Kaley kissed her as she went past. "I'd love to go and see it too, but I can't leave all this stuff. I'm sure Renny and I will manage for a while. Just don't get carried away and stay all night."
"No problem," promised Alasdair, as he took Gaiah's hand. They shifted to Gaiana, to the same huge hall as before.
Even from here it was obviously a spectacular evening. The hall glowed in a haze of orange and pink.  Alasdair pulled back a curtain to a cubicle. "Change as quickly as you can. I'll be getting a hover."
"A what?"
"A hover, it's just a means of transport. Currares only travel around the centre. These are for outside."  He waited until she came out, then held his hand up to a pad on the wall. With a hum, the wall parted. Out slid a smooth, white, wheel-less vehicle shaped like a giant, slightly flattened, egg. Alasdair rested his hand on the door at his side. It swung open and he sat in. "Hurry Gaiah, we don't have much time."
Gaiah copied him with a tentative touch to the passenger door. It opened without a sound. She slid into the shiny, low seat. There was no steering wheel, just a keyboard on which Alasdair was typing.
"Open top I think, for the full experience." Alasdair said. The roof parted in the middle and slid down into the doors. The car purred, and they headed for the far wall. "Compressed air," said Alasdair. As if that explained anything.
The colours got stronger as they drew near the wall. There was no exit apparent, as they gathered speed. Gaiah frowned across at Alasdair. "Grandpa?"
"Don't worry. Energy sensitive walls. They sense the negative charge from us and of course, this forces atoms to part."
She had no intention of questioning him. But instinctively her arms went up as they hit, or rather, as they didn't, hit the wall. One second they were inside, the next, they were driving away from the arrival hall in open countryside.
Through rolling green hills, patterned with white roads, all bathed in a shimmering cerise light. "Oh my God, Grandpa, it's incredible, it's beautiful. My face isn't big enough for the smile I want!"
Alasdair took Gaiah's hand and watched her reaction with delight, as the hover took them up a winding road, leaving the arrivals hall behind in the distance. The hover stopped just below the crest of one of the higher hills. "Okay, we're just in time to catch the end of it. Here,  I bought these with me." He tossed her a small, wooden block, she caught it in one hand and read the label. 'Chair Quebe'. Alasdair put another in his pocket.
They stepped out on to lush, springy grass and strode to the crest. The land fell away to form an enormous natural amphitheatre; an enormous sloping semi-circle leading down to a wide stage of shining, white stone that opened into the embrace of the sea and sky.
The air shone. The fresh smell of trees, flowers, grass, and sea was a heady mixture. But it was the sky that took her breath away.
Alasdair spread his arms. "We call this area 'Tres Lumen'. It's our meeting place. Used for celebrations and commemorations. It's also the most magnificent view of the interplay of light from the three worlds. Here's the perfect place to sit, I think" He held his quebe in his hand and when it began to shimmer he put in on the ground. "Give me yours, I'll do it for you."
Two wooden folding chairs appeared from the shimmer.
It was mindboggling. "Are you sure this isn't magic?"
"Basic energy manipulation, Gaiah. That's all. Now, sit and enjoy."
She had seen movies of Earth's tropical sunsets, but they faded to a sepia copy in comparison to this. The sky was painted with vivid lines of pulsating crimson and feathery wisps of rose. Gilded purple clouds floated across a palette of incalculable colours.
Colours that languidly entwined and mingled and merged in the vast expanse of sky. Where rays of sun were still coming through, they were shafts of sparkling gold, turning passing clouds into iridescent multi-coloured banners.
Gaiah and Alasdair weren't the only people at the top of the hill to watch. There were dozens of hovers parked nearby. Several hundred people were spread out, all the way down to the sea. Individuals, groups, families, all stood engrossed, their faces shining in the changing light. A group of young girls sauntered past. Their tunics were metalized colours, sharp and strange, their giggling loud and self-conscious.
"Hope they don't sit near us." Alasdair muttered. He reached for Gaiah's hand, stretched out his long legs, crossed them at the ankle and leant back to view the sky. "It's always beautiful, but sometimes, like tonight, it's an exquisite, living work of art."
Her heart filled with love, delight, warmth, belonging, too many mingled emotions, but it was all good. This was her land too. The realization filled her with joy. This peace and beauty, these lovely people-she felt totally part of it.
An electronically melodious trilling broke the peace, followed by a squeal from one of the girls. "Oooh, it's Jarleth, he's coming by cellmate!"
Couldn't they do this somewhere else? Gaiah glared at them. A girl, whose hair, a screen of silver ribbons, perfectly matched her silvered tunic, got to her feet, pulled out a mobile phone, glanced around to check who was looking and pushed a button. The phone threw out a pinprick of light, which grew into a glittering beam that in an instant coalesced into a teen- aged boy. The silver girl hugged him. "I didn't know you were coming, here sit with me." She dragged him down next to her.

Gaiah looked at Alasdair. "What just happened there? That was impossible."
"Crazy kids, those things aren't even tested properly. They have no idea if they're doing long term damage to themselves or not." He shook his head. "A new gimmick, a version of shifting, by selecting a wavelength to travel on. I wouldn't do it!  Anyway, there are more important things." He waved his arm in a wide arc.
Gaiah dragged her attention from the boy, who didn't seem any the worse for his mode of transport. The sun cleaned its brushes with a final vivid burst of energy, leaving a signature of orange and gold across the darkening horizon and the crowd broke into spontaneous applause.  Alasdair joined in. "There are places on Earth too, you know, where they applaud the evening sun in the same way."
A couple wearing matching turquoise Gaianan clothes stood close by.
The woman smiled at them. "Isn't it wonderful? Makes you glad to be alive and grateful to be Gaianan, doesn't it?"
Despite all that had been happening, Gaiah agreed with them.

She was shaken out of her total absorbtion in her surroundings by Alasdair, who Alasdair glanced at his watch and jumped. "The time! Quick, quick. Oh, my Powers! Quarter of a Gaianan hour.  Kaley will de-energize us." Leaving the chairs, they ran back to the hover. Gaiah twisted in her seat the whole way back, keeping her eyes fixed on the sky lights which were still leaving traces of their sensational performance.
As they passed through the wall again Gaiah said, "Thank you so much, that was...it was so?incredible. I've never- " she caught herself and laughed. "Well, of course I haven't, have I?"
Alasdair laughed too. "It is just a Gaianan sunset, I know, but its magnificence says so much about what Gaiana is. Obviously, we grow up with it, and as a child you take everything for granted, but one day you suddenly see this marvel that surrounds us, and are awestruck." They got out of the hover which returned itself to the wall.
Gaiah looked at their joined hands as Alasdair prepared to shift them both. "Will you show me how to shift on my own?"
"Oh, yes, of course. But it will take a lot of practice as it is a completely different understanding of the world than the one you have at the moment, but it is one of our priorities for you." As they spoke, Alasdair shifted them Earthways and they shimmered guiltily, into an empty, dark kitchen.
A warm hum from the Rayburn and a soft splashing from the dishwasher were the only sounds in a kitchen rich with the smells of garlic and tomatoes. The wooden table gleamed in the soft glow of the hall light, and the school lunches for tomorrow were sitting reproachfully in the middle of it. Alasdair whispered, "It was a huge pleasure, sharing that with you, but now, it's very late, so straight to bed and I'll see you in the morning." He kissed her on the forehead.
"Thank you again, Grandpa. I'll never forget it." And they tiptoed to bed.

Despite the late night, Gaiah was up and showered before Kaley and Renny. She was still elated by the visit to Gaiana. Apart from being a magical introduction to her own world, it meant she hadn't spent the night worrying about Graeme and Neal.
"What time did you two shift Earthways last night?"  Kaley asked with a smile.
Gaiah grinned. "Em? not too late. Oh Grandma, it was so fantastic, so beautiful and, oh God, yes, there was a guy who shifted through a mobile phone, it was so weird."
Renny stopped eating.  "Oh, my Powers! You saw a Cellmate? They are so electric, I really, really want one-"
"A cellmate? That can't be right."
" Yeah, Cellular Materialization. Cellmate for short. There are very few of them around, they're photon crushing cool."
Kaley rolled her eyes.
;
Gaiah had no idea how she felt about seeing Graeme and Neal today, after their lunacy of yesterday. But as she had economics and history first, she didn't have to face them.
In maths class, Neal's seat was empty, but Graeme was in his usual place at the back. He smiled at her sheepishly as she went to her seat. Donald was in his place too, but he just nodded at her. As soon as the bell went for break, Donald stood. "I'm off to help Cassie in the art room." And he fled.
Before Gaiah could stand up, Graeme was at her desk.
"God! Gaiah, I was such a dick yesterday. Neal and I were complete idiots. I feel really embarrassed. Honestly. Help me, Renny! Tell her-don't I look like the sorriest guy you have ever seen?"
Renny gave a small smile. This seemed to be enough encouragement for Graeme. He accompanied them to the canteen, pleading for forgiveness. They sat at a table by the window. Graeme sat between them, in the middle of the bench. Abruptly he turned his back on Renny, straddled the bench and picked up Gaiah's hand. "Right! Now, what about us? Where are we going? What would you like to do? Let's decide."
Gaiah tried to take her hand back. A casual, get-to-know-you date would be one thing. But this insistence was putting her off. She tugged her hand back. Renny was leaning around Graeme, giving Gaiah a 'what the hell is happening' look. Gaiah scowled, she was being pressurized into a conversation she wasn't ready to have. "Look Graeme?I?erm?Look, I'd just like to forget about this weekend?I mean, I'd like to get to know you and everything, but I'd like to take things slowly and?y'know, like Neal said, do things as a group or something...and kind of?see how we get on?"
He stared at her. "What? Are you joking? Do what Neal says?"
Gaiah sighed. "No! It's not that. It's just-"
Graeme broke in. "It is Neal, isn't it? You fancy him, don't you? Well, that's never going to happen!" He stood up abruptly and stormed off without looking at Gaiah again.
"Wow. Psycho!" Renny said as she watched him leave.
Gaiah seethed. God damn him! How dare he? Bloody hell, that was ridiculous!
Renny spread her hands. "What was that was about." They looked at each other, lost for words. The bell told them break was over, as they headed to a double study period, they decided that whatever the problem between Neal and Graeme was, it had to be far bigger than a dispute over a girl.
Staring at an open book for the entire study time, didn't make matters any  clearer.  Apart from one very definite thing. Graeme's sudden possessive insistence on their date was amazingly off-putting. Where was the cool, laid back witty guy she'd been attracted to? What had changed, and why?
At long last the final bell of the day sounded. As they headed to their lockers on the way out, Renny was whispering about Earth boys, hormones, and jealousy.
"I just don't know what it's all about Renny, I really don't." Reaching in for her history books, her heart skipped a beat; a folded sheet of paper lay on top of her pile of books. What now? Keeping her hands inside in the locker, she opened it.
Gaiah, PLEASE meet me tomorrow at 10. I'll wait for you at the second wooden gate in the lane behind school. PLEASE come. I really need to talk to you.
Neal
She hastily folded it into her books, closed her locker and joined Renny, who was leaning against her own locker, waiting patiently.
Things were spiraling out of her control, trying to figure it out made her monosyllabic on the way home. Kaley said this unusual behaviour was probably due to the late night in Gaiana. So, after dinner, she only allowed the girls an hour or two of 'suggesting' practice. Then she appeared with hot chocolate and instructions for an early night. Gaiah looked suspiciously at the hot chocolate, and then at Kaley.
Kaley laughed. "Oh Energies, no, Gaiah, how could you even think such a thing? That's only for emergencies!"
Renny's look of confusion made them both laugh and Gaiah headed to bed with a smile on her face.
Once in bed though, her mind began to spin. Why does Neal want to talk to me? Maybe my encognation actually worked and he's responding to it, or is he going to try and break free of an Or'kan controller to talk to me? I have to find out. God! He could be setting a trap!  This last thought sent a shiver of fear through her. Was she wise to do this? Should she slip into Renny's room and discuss it with her? No, she already knew what Renny would say and she didn't want to hear it.
Next morning, there was such a thick mist, they could only see a few metres in front of the car as they drove to school. Gaiah had put a thick polo neck jumper on over a warm t-shirt, but was still cold. "God! I really hate this weather. It's so depressing, nothing looks right. We'd be better off staying in bed today."
She knew she was just looking for an excuse not to make any decision; not about meeting Neal, nor about telling Renny. She was in a bad mood and this weather wasn't helping. By half past ten, her stomach was in knots and she felt shaky. She had to do something. Even making no decision was a type of decision.
Not turning up would mean she'd never know what he wanted to say. The thought of him waiting for an hour in this dreary mist made her feel bad. Almost without thinking, she tore a page from her note-book scribbled a few lines, got to her feet and said, "Excuse me Mrs. Kane, I need to go to the bathroom, please." As she stood, she dropped the note on Renny's desk.
Will you follow me in about ten minutes, please?  To the lane behind the school. Sorry about this!
Gaiah could imagine Renny's horrified face when she read the note, but it didn't stop her. Decision taken, she had to act fast. She walked through the school, her steps quickening as she neared the front door. Once outside, she ran as fast as she could around the school and out the back. The lane was slippery with fallen leaves and the mist clung to her hair.
The fog had robbed the day of depth and by the time she saw the figure, it was almost on top of her. Her heart thudded, but a bouncing terrier barking around her feet calmed her down. The figure took shape; it was an old lady, well wrapped up against the weather, in a long, white, hooded rain coat. She called her dog to heel and smiled at Gaiah. "School's the other direction, dear. Not that I didn't skip it myself lots of times too, but I certainly picked better weather!"
Gaiah smiled back. "Oh, I won't be long. I'm not actually skipping."
The lady smiled knowingly. "Oh, right. Well, I better continue with Jock's walk, he has to get out every day no matter what the weather. Up to the school and back, twice a day. That's what he likes. Isn't it Jock?" The dog almost answered her, barking and running in circles. They disappeared quickly in the mist.
Where the hell is that second gate? Have I passed it? Turning back was becoming a possibility when she saw it, almost hidden by a parked car; a low, barred gate opening into a field. She stood for a moment, and then stepped through.
"Hello? Neal? Are you around?" A heavy silence answered her, broken by the uneven patter of moisture dripping from the leaves.
She waited, knowing there wouldn't be much time before Renny was running up to find her. Had he chickened out? Was he just trying to make a fool of her? And she was beginning to feel foolish, cold and wet. The old lady was on her way back.
Oh, for God's sake! Now this is really embarrassing. Christ! She's coming over, some advice no doubt. There was no sign of the dog and the old lady was coming right up to her, inside the gate. "I'm actually just going back now. My, er...friend didn't turn up." Gaiah gabbled, as she made to pass the lady, who said nothing.
She was so close now; her every breath was clear, heavy, rasping sounds. Gaiah peered closer.  Was she all right, was she having a heart attack? The woman's eyes were unfocused, her face blank. She held out her white arms pleadingly. She reached for Gaiah's shoulders as if to steady herself, but instead her fingers wrapped themselves around Gaiah's neck and started to tighten. The woman's hands were like bands of steel. Gaiah's heart tried to thud free of her chest and her lungs were already bursting for air. There was nothing around, and no one, nothing but shadowy trees in the thickening mist. Horrible choking noises, coming from her own throat, filled the silence. Her legs started to buckle, her mouth was open and her tongue swelling to fill it. This can't be happening, why is...
A large, strong hand passed in front of her tear filled eyes and caught hold of the woman's slack jaw. Another arm clamped her still. A sudden violent tug, a crack like a breaking stick and the woman's hands fell from Gaiah. Her body fell limply to the ground and Gaiah did likewise.
Gaiah was frozen, shaking, she desperately needed to go to the loo, and there was a dead old lady next to her. An old lady who had just tried to kill her! And Neal! Neal owned those arms which had saved her.
 "I'm sorry, Gaiah. There was no other way to stop her. Are you okay?" His face was pale and his eyes worried.
"No. I'm not bloody well okay! This is awful, what happened? Who is she? Who are you?"
"Gaiah! Gaiah!" Renny's anxious voice came up the road to them. Gaiah's legs became her own again and she jumped to her feet. "Oh crap. What will we do?"
Neal looked around. "Run. Run back to school with Renny. Say nothing, I'll deal with this."
"Gaiah! For Power's sake, answer me." Renny was getting closer.
"But what about her? There's her car." She pointed to a dark shape in the fog.
"That's not hers, it's Graeme's."
There was no time to react, as Renny's footsteps came closer. Gaiah ran out to the road to meet her.
"What the Or'ka was that about, Gaiah? I was worried sick." Renny's face was ashen and her eyes shone with tears.
"Sorry Renny. God! I'm freezing. That was a bad idea, let's get back to school quickly." Gaiah started running.
"Gaiah, why did you do that, tell me!" Renny running next to her, panted the words.
Gaiah paused in her sprint to the school. "Renny, trust me. I will explain it all to you, I promise. But just for now I really need to get back, to get warm. I'm fine, honestly. Please don't ask me now, but we will talk later." She ran for the safety of the school.

The rest of the day passed in a blur. To Gaiah's relief, Cassie joined them at break, full of the latest scandal in town. Gaiah met Renny's anxious, questioning glances and mouthed 'later'. Luckily, the polo neck hid the bruising around her neck, so there were no awkward questions. It took enormous effort to stay calm; her hands twisted and clutched each other under the desk. Her head pounded and the chill damp seemed to have soaked into her bones. By the time Kaley picked them up, Gaiah really did feel sick. As soon as they got home, Kaley took Gaiah's temperature which was slightly up.
"I just want to sleep," said Gaiah. A reaction to what she had been through was really kicking in now, and she was shaking.
"Yes, bed is definitely the best place for you, I think," Kaley agreed, and turned on the electric blanket in Gaiah's bed.
She pulled on fleecy socks and a thick, woolly jumper over her pyjamas. But that icy cold wouldn't budge.
Renny came in and sat on the bed. She plucked at and smoothed the quilt cover while she said, "You must talk to me Gaiah or I will tell Kaley and Alasdair about all the weirdness going on."
Gaiah sighed. "I know, I know. Just let me sleep now, Renny, and we will talk before I do another thing or even before I leave this house again, I promise. Please?"
Every bit of her ached. "Please? I feel wretched." She must have look as bad as she felt, because Renny nodded, leant over, kissed her, and left the room, closing the door softly.
Alone in the room, Gaiah sat up and put her head in her hands. Dear God, what had happened? What was it all about? What does it mean? What the hell am I going to do? Oh my God! Graeme's car was there. What did that mean? Is he all right? Where was he? What did he have to do with everything?
Neal had saved her, she knew that. This was a comforting thought, even though she had to force her brain to do a detour around the image of the old lady. Her throat was sore and chills were shivering through her. Turning on her electric blanket, she lay back, pulled the blankets over her head, allowed her natural defenses take over and fell into a deep sleep.
=+;+=

Chapter Fifteen
,.
The next day was Saturday, so Gaiah slept in until the complaining drone of a lawnmower not too far in the distance woke her, and thin winter sunlight brightening the room told her the day was well underway. The memory of the poor woman rushed at her; she threw her arm across her face and moaned. She had to do something, but before anything, she needed to talk to Neal. She pulled on her dressing gown and trudged to the kitchen. Through the window, she saw Alasdair, beyond the courtyard, cutting the grass.
Kaley strode in, her arms full of folded towels. "I can hardly believe it, but, Gorand and his family are arriving today," said Kaley. "Everything is nearly ready, so there's no problem. Renny is a great help." She nodded to the front room, and the sound of hoovering. "I thought she'd go home for the weekend but she was adamant she wanted to stay."
Gaiah's heart sank. Of course Renny wanted to stay. Gaiah had no idea what she was going to tell her, but she knew she had to say something.
"You're looking a lot better today, how are you feeling?" inquired Kaley, putting her hand to Gaiah's forehead. "That's good-no temperature."
"I feel fine now, I don't know what was wrong yesterday,"
"Right, you go for a shower and go back to bed for a while, if you want. I'll bring you in some breakfast, and maybe you'll get up later when our guests arrive?"
Gaiah nodded. "Sure. Thanks, Grandma, I won't be long." But she was. She spent ages in the shower, the hot water massaging her back, as she stared unseeing through the steam-misted doors. What can I do? How do I explain to Renny that Neal lured me to a deserted lane, where someone tried to kill me? Then he saved me? And somewhere in the locality, someone's  looking for an old lady, who is never coming home. It all sounds too crazy.
She washed her hair and gave it two conditioning treatments. Then she exfoliated, rinsed with a hydrating gel and reached for a facial mask. This was a step too far, she put it down. All she was really doing was avoiding Renny, and that wasn't going to work indefinitely. Also, it was neither fair nor sensible. Things were happening that were way outside her scope, and whatever complicated feelings she had about Neal and Graeme, she needed to tell someone and ask for help. Plus her skin was going to be like a prune if she stayed in much longer. With this resolved, she got out of the shower and dried her hair in a few minutes.
Sitting back against the pillows, she stared out the window at the blank sky. Allowing her thoughts to drift, all she knew for sure was that the most important thing to do was talk to Neal. She didn't know why or how. She was just finishing the last piece of toast when Renny came in. She closed the door and sat on the bed. Gaiah felt a pang of guilt when she saw Renny's pale face and shadowed eyes.
"Now, Gaiah, no more avoiding things. Tell. Me. What's. Going. On."
Gaiah sat up and took a deep breath. For some reason, she felt as if she were betraying someone. But she knew she had to tell. "The day before yesterday, I got a note from Neal asking me to meet him behind school."
Renny's face crumpled. "What? Why didn't you tell me? Oh my Energies! Was that what happened yesterday? How could you?"
This was far worse than she'd expected. Renny was so upset. Gaiah found it hard to come up with any justification for her own behavior, except, "I just wanted to talk to Neal." Which sounded lame, even to her own ears. "I'm really sorry, Renny, I truly am. It's just? just...I felt really odd about the whole thing, as if maybe there was something I should know."
Renny waved her hand impatiently. "Well, anyway, what did happen yesterday?"
"I went straight to the place where he said to meet, but he wasn't there, just an old lady walking her dog. I had just decided it was a trick or something, when the old lady reappeared and attacked me."
Renny leapt to her feet and paced the room. "I knew it, I knew it. Do you see why you should never have gone on your own? Powers! I'm so angry, I could de-energize you, Gaiah." She stopped by the window. "But I'm so glad you're all right." She ran back and gave Gaiah a hug.
Gaiah began to get dressed. Somehow it seemed easier to talk about attacks and strangling while fully dressed rather than in fluffy pyjamas.
"Get back to the story, Gaiah." Renny planked herself on the edge of the bed. "You were on your own when I met you. What happened?"
Gaiah shuddered. "Well, Neal appeared and-"
Renny was on her feet again. "Neal? We were right about him all the time." Her voice rose. "I knew we should have done something about it."
Gaiah caught Renny's arm. "No! No...you don't-"
The door burst open and Kaley dashed in. "Powers Almighty! They're here, they're here! Please Renny, come and help. I wasn't expecting them for hours yet. Gaiah, will you finish getting dressed and join us, fast as you can?"
Kaley urged Renny out in front of her.
"One second, I'll get the tray." Renny returned to Gaiah, picked up the tray and whispered, "We'll finish this conversation later and we will do something about it."
Entertaining visitors was the last thing she wanted, but at least, it had taken Renny off her back for the moment. She threw on some clothes and followed them into the kitchen. Gorand and his family were in high humour. Gorand's normally serious face was wreathed in smiles as he proudly introduced his children, Laoise and Niasa, six-year-old twins. They stood pressed to their mother's side, watching everything with wide, blue eyes, but refused to be drawn into conversation. His wife, Daveen, was a tall, beautiful woman. Her Gaianan hair was dyed a rich russet, and held in two braids with gold ribbons.
Gorand apologized for arriving so early. "I made a mistake with the dual time. Sorry, I'm always doing it."
Kaley pointed to the freshly-brewed pot of coffee. "You couldn't have timed it better." She took a tray from the oven and slid a dozen scones on to a colourful plate. Alasdair made hot chocolate for the twins and they all sat around in the kitchen. They stayed sitting there long after they'd finished Kaley's hot scones.
Daveen was a witty and talkative woman. She kept them all entertained with stories of the school she ran. She trained Gaianans how to use their energies:  how to move atoms and how to redirect things to Earth or on Earth. A frequent mistake made by learners, she told them, was to try and move energy in an entire block, instead of extracting it in individual photons and electrons. And, she told them, as they usually practice with water because it is such a huge source of energy, they often shifted unsuspecting fish or frogs as well, which would then rain down on a bewildered Earth town or village. Her description of a remote desert town in Australia bombarded by hundreds of white fish was hilarious, but the stories of the frog showers really made Gaiah forget the horror filling her head, and she laughed aloud.
"These have been well-documented in Earth's history for centuries," Daveen said. "In fact, there's an engraving from the fifteen hundreds showing a shower of fish in Singapore, and even though it's embarrassing to admit it, I have to confess that was my fault. In my enthusiasm to help construct a house that was to be our door for shifting in the area, I moved a whole lake by mistake. And while I could just about manage the water's energy, I couldn't manage the fish. Oh Powers! They...just?emptied down?over every one!" She spluttered with laughter and her two children shrieked in delight.
The twins had lost their shyness and asked Gaiah to take them for a walk before the early winter dark arrived. Renny jumped at the suggestion. "Yes, great idea. I'll get our coats."
Oh God! There's no avoiding it. I'll have to go and finish this. Gaiah reluctantly got to her feet. Renny came back with jackets and scarves. The twins, already bundled into their coats were tugging at her arm.
Kaley stood. "Actually, Gaiah, I don't think you should go. It's very cold and you did have a temperature yesterday. Renny, would you mind taking them on your own?"
Gaiah sagged back on her chair. What a reprieve! But she didn't miss Renny's meaningful glare as she left with the twins. Gaiah helped Kaley and Alasdair get dinner ready. All she could think was, talk to Neal, I must talk to Neal.
The twins stayed glued to Renny for the rest of the evening, following her from room to room, so there was no chance to chat privately, and while Gaiah was glad of this distraction, she knew the conversation with Renny had to be finished down to its last awful detail. And the consequences dealt with.
At dinner, conversation flowed, easily and entertainingly. Kaley's delicious spaghetti bolognese was a great success. Renny didn't take part much. It was so unusual for Renny to be withdrawn, that Kaley felt her forehead too, in case she was coming down with something.
I'll tell her everything, as soon as I can. It's awful seeing her like this and it's all my fault.

The winter evening was dark when they moved into the front room and drew the curtains.
Alasdair got a big fire going and Kaley brought in coffee and homemade biscuits. The children, curled up together in a big armchair, lost themselves in the array of comics and colouring books that Kaley produced. The conversation became serious and Gorand's view of the future was bleak. He told them two of the Five Or'kan families were investing their families on Earth. Seoc, from Clan Fire, with his brother, who was now of age, barely had a presence on Or'ka, other than to keep their slaves working.
This indicated they had streamlined their human occupation, and were going to be able to stay Earthways for the centuries needed for complete domination. As far as he knew, Clan Moon, the most powerful clan, had one son, Gunn, who, with his cousins, were occupying humans and building support on Earth.
Gaiah leant forward. "What about the other families?"
"Clan Spirit has no representation in the Or'kan council. They are one of the oldest and richest of the Or'kan families. But every succeeding generation has become more hedonistic and selfish. That family has now dwindled down to one son. Their supply of slaves is running out. They're desperate to replace them. The other two clans, Clan Night and Clan Shadow, are supporting them all from Or'ka, by forcing more and more work out of the remaining Or'kan people."
Gorand looked at Gaiah "What do you think we should do?"
Gaiah looked at him blankly. "Me? Nothing. I know nothing about this situation at all"
"But what do you feel we should do?" insisted Gorand.
She was uneasily aware that there was hope and expectation in the eyes watching her. She looked around for support but was dismayed to see this mirrored around the room; even her grandparents were waiting. This is so unfair. What do they expect from me? The knowledge that she was disappointing them all added to her building anxiety about yesterday. She clenched her fists, cutting half-moons
Her voice rose. "Why don't you believe me? I haven't got a clue."
Gorand couldn't accept this. "But you are a melding's child! There must be something you know or feel?"
Gaiah jumped to her feet. "There isn't! I haven't got a clue about anything!" Her shout ended on a sob. Everyone stared at her in shocked silence. God! This is all too much, I can't bear it. She turned and ran from the room. Gorand's s voice followed her down the hall.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset her."
Kaley's voice was loud as she rose to close the door. "Of course you didn't. She's only just finding out about things. It's too soon to be looking for answers from her. She just needs more time."
Gorand sighed. "I'm just not too sure how much time we have."
Gaiah cut off their voices with her bedroom door.

She crossed the room in the dark, and slumped at her desk by the window. That had been an appalling scene. She'd really let Kaley and Alasdair down, spoiled their night, and probably the entire visit. She gazed unseeing out at the night, gathering the courage and the will to go back and make amends, when a pale face materialized outside the window, directly in front of her. Her hands flew to her mouth and stifled her scream. Her heart thudded. Neal?
He stared at her through the window. His eyes were serious and his face was pale, still bruised from the fight with Graeme. I should shout, run for help. But she didn't. She couldn't. Her body seemed to move of its own volition as she stood and leaned across the desk to the window. She saw his green eyes, dark with pleading, as he mouthed-"come out and talk to me."
She walked around the desk. Damn! If this was a movie I'd be screaming at myself. I might as well be heading to the basement during a power failure to reason with a lunatic with a pathological hatred of teenagers and a set of sharpened knives. These ridiculous thoughts flashed through Gaiah's head even as she opened the window; even as she stood on the desk and climbed out.
Neal was hunched inside a big, dark jacket with his hands buried deep in his pockets. His voice was low. "Can we go somewhere to talk?" His words were puffs of white in the cold, dark air.
Gaiah didn't hesitate. Wild horses couldn't have stopped her. She nodded, and led the way across the courtyard. She didn't even register the cold until Neal's heavy coat was dropped across her shoulders. The warmth it carried over from his body was frighteningly intimate.
"Oh, thanks, will you be okay?" She turned in time to see him dismiss the gesture with a twist of his mouth.
"Being cold is the least of my concerns at the moment, and anyway, honestly, I'm not."
She stepped over the low wall into the garden, past some bushes, and finally to a garden seat out of view of the house. They sat and looked at each other. Gaiah felt neither the cold nor the damp. Moonlight made sharp planes and angles on his face, but his eyes were calm and intense.
"What do-" they both started and paused.
Neal started again. "Gaiah, I know this is going to sound crazy, and I feel like a guy in a movie who has been told he can inherit this mansion and a fortune but the one thing he mustn't do-"
"Is go down to the cellar?" finished Gaiah for him.
Neal smiled, then became serious again. "Gaiah, I know what I'm about to do could be considered going down to the cellar on a grand scale, but somehow I feel I must try."                                                        
 Gaiah met his eyes. "Actually, I think I'm already down in the cellar with you."
They looked at each other intensely. What was happening? He looked so sad, she yearned to? to? She didn't know.
He hunched forward, elbows and forearms on his thighs. His large, square, strong hands twisted together. "Gaiah, please listen to me and don't run for help, till I'm finished."
Run for help? What?
She discovered she was looking at his face as if she were trying to memorize it. The thick, dark arc of his eyebrows, over green, almond-shaped eyes, wide, full lips-what was it about him?
He raked his fingers back through his hair, it slid down obscuring his face.  His voice was quiet and he stared down at the ground. "I know I'm not a great talker; there was never much of it at home and I'm hopeless at trying to express what I feel. But I feel my life depends on talking to you tonight." There was a long pause. Gaiah was happy to wait. He took a deep breath. "Here goes. I know you're Gaianan, because-I'm Or'kan!"
Instinctively Gaiah leapt to her feet. His jacket slid off her shoulders and hit the ground.
"No! Don't go, please." Neal pleaded. He too, sprang to his feet, stretched out and caught her hand.
Caught her hand, held her hand, skin on skin.
For the first time.
A jolt of awareness, a surging electric current of recognition joined them.
Their breath caught, their eyes met.
The world stopped.
Time stopped.
For a moment, the beating of their synchronized hearts was the only sound pulsing across the vastness of the three worlds.
A circle had been completed.

What had just happened? Gaiah gazed at her hand in his.
Two hands? One hand? Two people? One person?-No difference.
She stared at their hands, and then her eyes were drawn back to his. He looked as stunned as she felt. This touch, this feel, this union? Gaiah felt, no she instinctively knew, that this electrifying meeting of their flesh had opened her mind and heart to become one with Neal.
The night sounds began again and the worlds continued their turning.

Gaiah's world had shifted once again, but this time, it wasn't her knowledge of the world that had changed, it was herself. Or rather, the self that she had become with Neal.
It was a transformation.
Now things were right. Now she had everything she could ever need in any world, standing next to her holding her hand. This instant knowledge filled her to her core with certainty and truth. Gaiah took a deep, shuddering breath. It felt like a new breath in a new life.
Neal's eyes widened with incredulity and a dawning delight. She knew he was feeling the same.
She lifted their joined hands to her face. "It really was you I saw in that shop. I felt you were familiar when I saw you in Inverness. I wanted to be your friend when I thought you were sad. I wanted to save you when I thought you were an occupied human. Now, all I know is, I never want to let go of your hand."
Neal's voice was husky. "The minute I heard about you, about your journey to Inverness, I had an irresistible urge to see you. I got on my bike and followed some magnetic pull that tugged me to that shop in Edinburgh. I have never been far from you since that day. I was even here the night the occupied tried to kill you. I was here watching, but your grandparents took care of him."
"If you're Or'kan," began Gaiah, and she moved closer to him, reaching up to put her free arm around his neck, to show him she had no fear of him and never would. "If you're Or'kan, how come we can feel like this? And how come you're here on Earth?"
He pulled her tight and held their joined hands up to his cheek as he spoke. "I'm half Or'kan. My mother was from Earth."
Her heart leapt. "What? You're a melding's child too?"
"Yes. Not a good thing to be in Or'kan eyes. They see the offspring between an Or'kan slave and an Earth person as a weak and useless thing. If they didn't think I was so insignificant, they'd have killed me ages ago."
"But how did you find out? Have you been to Or'ka?" Gaiah had a million questions. She wanted every detail of every minute of his life they had been apart.
Neal smiled. "That's a long story and I don't think we have much time now. You and I have centuries to talk, my love. After what happened yesterday with that poor woman, I had to see you to make sure you were all right, and to tell you that you are the only person who could make sense of my life. I never dreamed touching you would mean a new life. I know I'm not the same guy that looked in the window at you ten minutes ago."
Gaiah looked at him, her words came slowly, "I know? I can.. feel you, as well as me."
A separate level of awareness and feeling settled like a gossamer blanket over her senses. Neal's feelings of profound happiness and dawning understanding were as open to her, as her own.
He stared at her, "Earth's mysteries," he breathed. "It's true! I can feel you." They closed their eyes and the silent communication of emotions said more than months of talking.
Alasdair's voice cut through their silent union. "Gaiah, Gaiah. Come in! Where are you?" He sounded worried.
It seemed impossible she should have to leave Neal. But she needed to make things right with everyone after her behaviour, and this certainly wasn't the right moment to introduce Neal.
"I have to go. I'll talk to them, tell them what's happened. I'll make them understand you and I are one person. Give me till tomorrow, and then we'll be together and deal with the world." They hugged tightly and moved reluctantly apart.
"It's tearing my heart out to leave you even if it is just for a few hours, but I know you have to do this." He tilted her chin up and kissed her swiftly on the mouth. The fleeting warmth of his lips faded, but not the fire of joy it had ignited. He caressed her face, grabbed his coat and stepped back, disappearing into the shadows. She was suddenly bereft.

Alasdair came into sight. "Gaiah! What the Or'ka are you doing? We were so worried." He hugged her tightly but briefly. "What childish prank is this? Hiding in the garden because Gorand upset you? Everyone's out looking for you. You don't even have a coat! Come back in to the house immediately." He stalked off, footsteps stamping out his annoyance.
She was torn between a desire to scream at him for causing Neal to leave, and hysterical laughter at his assumptions, which were so far removed from reality.
Alasdair's voice calling Gorand floated back to her, yet she stayed standing. What had just happened? She'd found part of herself she hadn't realized she was missing. A true mate of her soul. Her future, wherever or whatever it would be, was going to be spent side by side with Neal. A union of the three worlds! And now, here she was, being told off like a naughty six-year-old-it was absurd!
=+;+=

Chapter Sixteen
,.
They were the hardest steps, she'd ever taken. Walking away from Neal was all wrong. She was in turmoil as she followed Alasdair. Surges of happiness made her want to shout out the news to the world. She started to run, to catch up with Alasdair. She couldn't wait to tell everyone. Yet, most of her mind was with Neal, in the dark. However much she'd changed since leaving London. Now, she was a radically different being.
To her surprise, Kaley was alone in the kitchen.
She rushed at Gaiah and held her tightly. "Gaiah, I'm sorry you're so upset about all the expectations of you. Please don't worry." She kissed Gaiah's forehead. "But don't ever scare me like that again. When I went in to see if you were okay, I found the room empty, the window open and you gone... I couldn't imagine what had happened."
"Oh, God, I'm so sorry for panicking you, but I'm really fine-"
"Talking about panic, Renny has shifted to Gaiana to get help. I'll have to go immediately to let them know you're okay." She hugged Gaiah even tighter. "Oh, darling, I'm so glad you're okay." She paused, leaned back and scrutinized Gaiah. "You look really strange, Gaiah, as if you're not really taking everything in-are you sure you're all right? I think I'd better check your temperature again, you look quite flushed."  She turned to root in a drawer.
"Don't bother, Grandma, I'm fine-more than that, really." Such an understatement! She was ready to explode with excitement and happiness. Her smile began inside and lit its way to her face.
Alasdair, Gorand and Daveen burst into the kitchen.
Gorand strode over to her. "I'm so sorry, Gaiah. I'm sure the last thing you needed was more pressure from me. And Alasdair just told us that you've been ill too, I'm such an idiot. Please forgive me."
Before Gaiah could answer, Kaley said, "I'm just going to get Renny. I'll see you all in the morning and, Gaiah, remember what I said-don't worry."
"Grandma, don't, I-" but Kaley had shimmered out of sight.
Daveen, leaning against the Rayburn, smiled at Gaiah and nodded towards Gorand. "Please forgive him?"
"Oh honestly! It's all of you who have to forgive me. You too, Grandpa. My behaviour was appalling. Of course you didn't upset me, Gorand. Really, more than anything, I was cross at myself, for being so useless."
Alasdair was smiling at her now, so all was well. He poured tea for them all and they sat again at the kitchen table. Wrapped in a glow of happiness she made conversation with half her mind.
She was bursting to tell them the momentous news but there was no way she could do it, not till her grandmother was back. She listened as they chatted about Gorand's plans to take the family skiing. But she was fizzing inside and couldn't wait to be on her own to think about it all. She stood up. "Look, everyone, I'm going to have an early night and tomorrow morning we'll have a serious chat, and maybe we can see if we can come up with any plans?"
Obviously relieved and pleased, they all agreed. Eventually everyone settled and the house was quiet.

Gaiah was beyond happy. Okay, I've upset everyone here tonight, but they'll all forget that when they hear the news tomorrow. Gosh, an Earth-Or'kan-Gaianan melding, that has to mean something major! Oh, I can't wait 'til they meet him. The instant she thought about Neal it was as if every corpuscle in her body went into overdrive.
She was aware of her own skin on the soft, warm bed; her own happiness and excitement coursing through her body, but, on top of it, there was a layer that was Neal. A tingling layer where she could feel a cold, scratchy sheet at her back, and a strong heart ready to explode with happiness.  He was as awake and as happy as she was, and they were sharing it! Though as her father had said before, happy seemed way too small a word for how they felt.
Gaiah laughed in pure delight and felt an answering surge from Neal. Tomorrow couldn't come fast enough. She felt the strength of his agreement and grinned. Turning over, she closed her eyes and gave herself up to sleep, wrapped securely in their shared emotions.
;
It was barely eight o' clock when she woke next morning, and was immediately surrounded by Neal's feelings. Aware of his impatience to come to the house, to her. She leapt out of bed and dressed as quickly as she could, putting on the first things that came to hand: jeans, sturdy boots and a soft sweater. If no one up she was damn well going to call them all. This was the most important thing to happen to the three worlds ever. Gaiah knew this for sure. Exactly what it signified she didn't know, but it was big!
Kaley was already in the kitchen, sitting looking out the window, clasping a mug of coffee in both hands. She looked up at Gaiah. "We were thinking that it might be a good idea?You know, that chat you suggested to Alasdair last night? It might be a good idea to have it in Gaiana?" her voice sounded dull, and her speech slow.
"Grandma, are you all right? You seem strange?"
Kaley sighed and stood up. "Yes, I'm okay. I didn't have a good night and there's a lot on my mind."
"I hope it isn't about me, Grandma, because believe me, you never have to worry about me again."
Yes, it was a good idea to have this chat in Gaiana. The Ten would be there, and they could all be told together. Every atom of her body danced with happiness and she couldn't wait to tell them-if they were so excited about one melding's child, what on earth were they going to make of two?
"Good idea. Let's go. Are Grandpa and Renny already there?"
Kaley looked away. "They left earlier," was all she said as she took Gaiah's hand and shifted them to the arrival hall.
It was as beautiful as ever, but Gaiah barely noticed. She only knew that her connection with Neal was diminished somehow by the change in dimensions. Her sense of him had become kind of fuzzy and she felt his worry, as he felt this change too. This is horrible, I can't bear not sensing him properly. Best to get this all over with as quickly as possible and get back.
"Okay," she turned to Kaley and despite her urgent desire to renew contact with Neal, excitement at her news made her smile luminous. "We need to get this over with."
She strode to the wall, touched the activation pad and waved Kaley into the conference hall ahead of her. Kaley looked a bit taken aback by this assertive behaviour but slowly stepped in. There were people gathered there. Gaiah recognized some faces from her last visit, but she immediately saw that Alasdair, Gorand and Renny were missing.
A small, wiry woman stepped forward. "I'm Aghna,from your own Clan Shaman. I don't know if you remember me? We met on your first visit. I'd like to invite this meeting to take place in my house by the sea. I think breakfast on the balcony overlooking the beach? The peace and harmony there would be conducive to a calm and productive meeting." There was a murmur of agreement and people started moving to the entrance hall.
This is all wrong. "No! No." Gaiah's voice rang around the room. "We'll talk here and now." There was a stunned silence. Gaiah stopped, drew a deep breath and said, "Sorry, it's just that there's so much to say and it's so important and I really, really need to get back to Earth as soon as I can."
This outburst provoked an uneasy silence. People glanced at Kaley, clearly wondering how to deal with it. Gaiah took a deep breath and started again in a calmer voice. "Thank you all for being here. But I don't think we have all the Ten, and where's Grandpa?"
Kaley looked at Aghna. "Alasdair and a few others had something to attend to,They will be here as soon as they can."
What a pity, still, I'm not wasting more time here. "Well, I'm sorry Grandpa, especially, isn't here, but I need to tell you all something anyway. Something vital. You see Neal-"
"Don't worry," interrupted Kaley, putting her hand on Gaiah's arm and squeezing it gently. "It's okay, dear, we know."
Impossible! "You what?"
Aghna stepped forward. Her eyes soft with sympathy. "Yes, Renny told us everything yesterday. When she thought you'd disappeared last night, she was distraught and gave us all the details." Aghna's face hardened. "Don't worry. Neal is being looked after at the moment, that's where Alasdair and the others have gone. You won't be having any more trouble from Neal."
The words hit her like a baseball bat to the stomach. She doubled over, folding her arms across her stomach. The implications of what Aghna had said were clear.
Instantly, she searched for her connection to Neal. Thankgodthankgodthankgod, he's still there. His panic rocketed through her. Even through the dimensions he'd felt her shock, and he didn't know what it was about. Exhaling loudly, she straightened up. He was still alive. They didn't have telepathic communication-it was just emotional-so it wasn't possible to warn him people were out to kill him. The thought nearly brought her to her knees. Oh God. She just had to get to him as soon as possible.
She grabbed Kaley's hand, squeezing it tight, in a white knuckled grip.  Looking frantically from face to face, her voice was barely under control. "We must go now. We must stop them. That's what I wanted to tell you-Renny didn't have a clue. She'd only heard part of things, before I understood it all myself. Neal is part of me. We're a melded pair. He's a melding's child too and we found each other through all the worlds. You can't harm him. If you do, you may as well kill me too."
"It's not possible...he's an Or'kan, isn't he?" Aghna stepped back looking in horror at Gaiah.
"Yes, he is. But he's an Earth-Or'kan melding and he's my heart." Gaiah looked around the room.
Bevin tugged at Kaley's arm, forcing her to face her.
"She's been encognated, we have to do something!"
Kaley turned slowly back to face Gaiah. "I trust the melding's child, I think we all should."
Her voice wavered as she continued. "Gaiah, I'm sorry. Renny called to his grandparents' house this morning, saying that she was a school friend looking for him, and they told her he was setting up some of his art pieces in Craigphadraig woods today. That's where they're going now?to?to finish him. They think he's an occupied, intent on killing you."
"Kill me?" shrieked Gaiah, "he saved me!" "I'm telling you all, he and I are one." She paused, closing her eyes. "I can't sense him strongly from this dimension, but I know he's still alive, so I'm going."
There was no time to waste. She ran from the conference room. All her thoughts focused on Neal, desperately trying to connect with him. All she knew was she had to shift Earthways now, and she did. She was instantly back in the deserted kitchen.
Gaiah, who had never been shown even the most rudimentary aspects of shifting, had sailed through as easily as Kaley herself.
Neal! Neal! Her senses screamed out to him. She felt an answering tidal wave of love and relief that she was close again. A stunned Kaley arrived immediately after her.
There was no time to waste. Shouting over her shoulder, she ran to the car, "Quickly, Grandma, I need you to drive."
Without a word or a question, Kaley jumped into the driver's seat and started the car before the doors were closed. They said nothing, Gaiah sat, rigid, her fists clenched and her eyes squeezed closed, concentrating. A new wave of fear washed over her. Not hers, his. Cold and sickening. What, Neal, what? He was running for his life. Her own adrenalin spiked and her breath came in gasps. Kaley glanced across and still said nothing. She drove faster than she'd ever driven before, throwing the car around corners, barely slowing at intersections and finally screeching to a stop at the entrance to the woods. Alasdair's car and Neal's motorbike were both in the car park
Gaiah threw the door open and pelted for the track up into the woods., I'm on my way. I'm on my way. Of course he wasn't getting her words, but she threw them out as clearly as she could. Neal was running, his growing fear filled her.
They must be closing in. She ran full tilt up through the woods, following the sign posts. Her steps taking her exactly where he'd been heading-up to the Pictish fort where his mother used to stay when she ran away from home.
"Grandpa! Renny! Stop! Stop!  You're making a terrible mistake." Her shout was swallowed by the dense, damp wood surrounding them. Kaley followed close behind her. They ran, sliding, slipping, grabbing dead bracken and brambles to keep them upright. Their breathing was a harsh sound, loud in the silence. Gaiah turned a corner in the narrow path, Through a clearance in the trees, she saw Alasdair, Renny and Gorand. They had just caught up with Neal. Facing him. Alasdair had a shotgun. As she gasped for air, Neal's voice carried clearly to them. "You can't keep me away from Gaiah."
Alastair lifted his gun. "To keep Gaiah safe, I can do anything." he shouted, and the deafening crack of gunshot sent scores of birds screeching into the winter sky.
=+;+=

Chapter Seventeen
,.
Gaiah burst into the clearing just in time to see the spray of shot catch Neal straight in the centre of his chest and throw him backwards. He crashed against a tree and slid to the ground. Kaley screamed.
Gaiah was rooted to the spot.
He was gone. Silence filled her heart.
No,no,no,no,no. This can't be true, it's not possible.
She was bereft, abandoned. The world had gone dark.
Her body became a leaden weight, she had to force it to move. She pushed Alasdair out of the way and collapsed to her knees next to Neal's body. The spray of shot had ripped right through his coat. She bent her head down, slowly stretched a hand out to caress his white face, those beautiful eyes were closed. Grief threatened to disintegrate her. This can't be happening, we've only just found each other. Through the bleakness that filled her, her heart, her soul, every fibre of her being screamed out for him.
And? felt an answer.
What?? He's still there. How, in the name of God, is this possible? Her fingers clutched at his jacket as she tried to cradle his head. How could he be alive? She'd seen him take the blast full on. Yet, faint and far away she could feel him. She looked carefully, brought her cheek right down to in front of his face. Soft, shallow exhalations warmed her cheek. He was breathing! The world flooded back into her; her eyes saw and her ears heard again. Behind her, Kaley was rapidly explaining things in a breathless voice.
The sense of him got stronger. "He's breathing! He's alive!"
"How on Gaiana is he still alive?" Alasdair knelt next to her. "I used a shotgun to make it look like a hunting accident. I know it's not a powerful weapon, but he was close."

Neal's eyes flickered open as he fought his way back to consciousness. His hand went to the back of his head and he groaned. Gaiah wanted to laugh. That was it! He'd cracked his head, when he'd crashed backwards. He was knocked out, not dead.  Knocked out! She didn't even try to stop the tears of relief and delight.
Gorand and Alasdair went to help Neal struggle to his feet.
He warded them off, his hands held out in front of him. "Whoa, I'll think I'll do without your help, thanks." Renny stepped in front of them. "Neal, we didn't know, we thought you were?Gaiah said? and I thought?"
Kaley patted Renny's arm and motioned her aside. "Neal, I'm Kaley, Gaiah's grandmother. I'm so sorry about this. We didn't take this decision lightly, we truly thought Gaiah's life was in danger. Are you sure you're okay, and if so, how in the name of power, is it possible?"
He opened his jacket. His metal and wood art pieces were tied to him front and back and held in place by thick strapping. "I tied them on to me so I could transport them on my motorbike. Best decision of my life." He shook his head tentatively. "Apart from a headache, I'm fine."
Gaiah stroked the metal, dented and puckered by the gun shot. "I knew those pieces were so special from the moment I saw them. I didn't imagine we'd owe our lives to them." Neal bent his head down to Gaiah; her hands caressed his face. Their eyes were so locked on each other, they may as well have been alone. Their absorption was total.
Alasdair approached. "Neal? I don't know what to say. Kaley's told us the truth? we-"
"Grandpa, leave it for now." Gaiah broke her communion with Neal to interrupt. "If Neal is up for it, we're going to bring these up where they belong, then we'll follow you home and we'll all talk." This wasn't a suggestion or a request, it was an order which nobody questioned. Without another word, Gaiah and Neal turned and, with their arms wrapped around each other, disappeared up the hill.
;
Back in the cottage, the kitchen was crowded. The Ten, still in Gaianan clothes, had shifted Earthways. Gaiah's extraordinary revelations, followed by a demonstration of her sudden, astonishing ability to shift, had stunned them. Aghna was still shaking her head and declaring it impossible. Kaley filled everyone in on all that had happened in the woods. When she finished there was silence.
Donnan's voice broke it. "This could be an Or'kan trick. This Neal could have his own plans. Why should we trust him?"
Kaley looked at him, her eyes pierced him. "We don't. We trust our instincts, and mine say Gaiah knows what she's doing."
Donnan's face reflected his battle to accept what he wanted to deny, but it cleared as he argued aloud with himself.  "If he was just an occupied sent to kill Gaiah, why didn't he do it when he had the chance? Lights knows she gave him enough opportunity, I'd have thought your granddaughter would have more sense!!" He raised his eyebrows and stared at Kaley.
Kaley shrugged and repeated. "She knew what she was doing."
"Well, if he really is an Or'kan melding, what does it mean?" Bevin looked around at them all. "What the in the name of Power does it all mean?"
Aghna stepped forward and folded her arms. "The way I see it is this. The fact that Gaiah melded with this guy is undeniable, because today, she shifted from one dimension to another without ever been shown how. That's extraordinary and unbelievable and could only be the result of some extraordinary and unbelievable event. A melding is a good thing, therefore this whole episode is more than a good thing, it is stupendous!"
Kaley applauded. "Well said, Aghna. I just ask you all to look into your hearts and see what your instinct tells you. Or'ka may be our enemy, but Neal isn't."
Alasdair nodded. "Yes, Aghna's right, I mean if Gaiah can do something as complicated as shifting, all on her own, then what in the worlds are they capable of together?"
Gorand's answer was almost a whisper, "Unimaginable things."
Donnan folded himself onto one of the kitchen chairs. "Oh my Powers. Imagine, two melding's children together, how is it possible?" He looked around the room, every face confirmed his wonder. Gorand added, "And this boy is an Or'kan-Earth melding? I never heard it told of. What fates were intertwined in our three worlds to bring this about?"

Renny slumped into a chair. "It's my fault he was shot. I shouldn't have said anything until Gaiah said I could. If I hadn't told you all about the attack?Oh Energies! I feel terrible about it." She covered her mouth with both hands.
"You feel terrible?" Alasdair's sandy eyebrows rose. "I shot him! Or'ka's lights! I could have killed him-I meant to kill him. A melding's child? Powers!" He smiled at Kaley. "Mind you, it looks as if we have another melded pair in our family. What are the chances of that?" A huge grin spread across his face. "I think this calls for a major melding party."
"Electric idea!" whooped Renny, jumping back out of her chair. "When?"
"Well," Kaley mused as she filled the huge kettle and sat it on the Rayburn. "Their souls' melding has already happened. And we know melded couples can't bear to be parted, so I think the sooner the better for the melding ceremony."
Gorand stared into the distance for a second or two, nodding his head slowly. "Yes, also, their powers, whatever they are, are going to increase with their melding. The union of the body adds power to the union of the soul. So we need to see how soon it would be possible." Everyone joined in, with ideas and suggestions, a cheerful babble filled the room.
;
While her family planned her melding ceremony, Gaiah leant back against a moss covered tree trunk, arms entwined with Neal's. They had stacked his artwork in a thicket by the entrance. Tomorrow, with more time, they would find exactly the right places to mount them.
Gaiah spoke softly. "I can't believe all this has actually happened, and yet it feels so...I don't know?in a way...kind of normal. Does that seem weird?" She turned her face up to his, finding in his gentle smile the reassurance she felt from his heart.
"No. I know exactly what you mean. It's as if this was all waiting to happen, and now that it has, things are just right, the way they were meant to be. Now we carry on with what we are meant to do."
"Yes. But what on Earth is that?"
Neal turned and faced Gaiah; he bent his head and rested his forehead against hers. His hair, loosened from his usual ponytail, fell around her face. His eyes were closed. His breathing kept pace with her own. "We'll know, Gaiah, I'm sure of it." He kissed her gently and wound his arms around her, but as he did so, he winced.
"What?" asked Gala, as she felt his pain. He took off his jacket; the sleeve of his jumper was stained with blood. He pushed it up. "Damn! There must be some gunshot in my arm. I never noticed it in the euphoria of having you back. It's not too bad though, it just needs to be cleaned up and I'll be fine."
"God, when I think how bad it could have been..." Gaiah shuddered. She had a closer look at the shallow gash on his muscled arm. "I don't think it needs stitches or anything, but let's get you home and look at it. I can feel it's starting to hurt."
The journey back was one of the happiest moments of her life. Neal's jacket around her again, its shredded front pressed close to his back, her arms tight around his chest, cheek against the thick wool of his jumper, heading off to save the world. She caught his grin in the wing mirror as he sensed her emotions, and shared her feelings.
;
When Gaiah and Neal walked into the kitchen, they barely had time to register the riot of colour, before a huge cheer went up. They stood in the doorway, holding hands and smiling. Gorand stepped forward. "Welcome, Neal, melding choice of Gaiah Shaman of Gaiana. Welcome to our world."
Before Neal could respond, Alasdair rushed over, but stopped several paces short of them. One hand clutching his forehead, the other, waving palm up in front of him. "Neal, I'm?What can I say? I'm really sorry about-"
Neal stepped forward, took Alasdair's hand, and shook it. "You thought you were protecting Gaiah, and as that is something I hope you will always do. I thank you for your intentions if not your actions!"
Everyone laughed and Alasdair's face relaxed back into its usual smile.
Kaley approached. Her eyes brimmed. "Oh, Gaiah, I'd only just got my darling granddaughter back. There was so much I wanted to share with you, just to spend time... and now? you've changed, moved on, without me." Her voice finished on a wail. Alasdair was next to her in an instant, holding her, cradling her head against his chest.
There was no way to laugh this off, to tell Kaley it wasn't true, because it was. She was no longer just their granddaughter, being guided by them through a bewildering new life. That girl was gone. Melded Gaiah was a new entity. Something completely different. She wasn't even sure what.
"Grandma, everything I am, comes back to my family. I love you both as much as ever, but now, you're loved by Neal as well, that's not bad is it?" Neal's silent agreement and support for this statement, made Gaiah smile.
"I know my dear, I know. And a melding is always a wondrous thing. I guess I'll have to stop being selfish, wanting my little Gaiah all to myself, and share her with the world." Kaley's embrace was warm and sincere.
Renny edged close, and put her hands over her face. "Sorry, sorry, sorry. Gaiah, can you ever forgive me? I nearly got Neal killed."
"It's not your fault. You were doing what you thought was right and anyway, it isn't as if I was very communicative with you, is it?" Gaiah said and hugged her.
Neal hugged her too, and said, "Thank you for being there for Gaiah, I hope you always will be."
"Well, I've learned my lesson, I swear I'm always going to think before I speak, I mean, Oh my Powers, imagine if Neal was dead now! What would happen We'd-"
Laughter made her look around indignantly. "What? I'm just saying-"
Gaiah put her hand on Renny's arm and gently cut across her.
"Grandma, Could you have a look at Neal's arm please? I think some shot grazed him."
"Oh no," groaned Alasdair "I'm so sorry. When I think-"
"Don't worry, Alasdair." Neal waved his arm about. "Honestly, it's really nothing, a wee bit of disinfectant and it will be fine. Just show me where everything is and I'll sort it out."
"Are you sure?" Kaley asked. "I'll have a look at it if you want."
"No, really, it's no problem. Anyway, I think you've all got more important things to do. I can feel Gaiah's starving." Neal said with a smile.
Kaley laughed. "Okay, I better get started on food, then." Giving him directions to the medicine cabinet, she turned to her well-stocked cupboards.

In the bathroom, Neal grimaced when he pulled off his jumper. He was wearing a short sleeved, black t- shirt. Between the sleeve and his elbow was a gash about four inches long. It was crusted with dried blood. The shot had passed through his coat and jumper, getting his arm on its way. He poured the disinfectant over it and wrapped the gauze around it. He'd been lucky; it really didn't seem too bad. Gaiah met him outside, with a thick, warm jumper of Alasdair's. "The least Grandpa can do, is lend you one of his own jumpers, after he shot yours!" She picked up his hand and kissed it. It seemed as natural a gesture to her as breathing. She tugged him towards the kitchen. "Now, honestly, I am starving. Grandma! How's the food doing?"
Kaley had emptied her fridge and freezer of anything she thought might help to feed fifteen hungry people. Everyone wanted to help, but it Ruaridh from Clan Earth, large and ruddy-faced took charge. Shortly, he had a production line going, turning out food. The Rayburn top was sizzling and splattering with sausages, eggs and potato cakes.
The Gaianans were delighted to be sharing Earthways food and time together. "So many of us never leave Gaiana at the same time," said Troya from Clan Water, a small, fair woman, with the kindest face Gaiah had ever seen. "Unless it is for some extraordinary event, like today. First, when we thought you were in danger, and then, to hear this wonderful news. This Earthways meal together, is a first."
Everyone helped themselves as food was declared ready, and pots of tea and coffee were made one after the other. Neal and Gaiah sat at the head of the kitchen table together, their bodies in constant contact, saying little as the conversation rolled around them.
Gathering dusk slowly obscured the countryside, until black night pressed up against the window. But inside, the polished lamps glowed on the fifteen people spread around the kitchen. They were all deep in conversations about what this melding might mean and full of relief at what had been narrowly avoided. Everyone had ideas and they all offered suggestions and plans.
Alasdair broke through this pleasant buzz and hum by standing and banging his mug with his spoon. "Right! Ladies, gentlemen and melded couple. As you all know, meldings can rarely be celebrated on Gaiana, as more often than not, the Earth partner is unaware of the origin of their melded love as in your parents' case, Gaiah, and perhaps yours, Neal?"
"No-my mother knew about Or'ka. Obviously she had never been there, but knew it was a horrible and dangerous place. She never spoke about it to anyone, except me, on rare occasions."
"Well, this is a truly unique occasion. The Trinity of our worlds is joined, and the melded couple can come to Gaiana for a melding ceremony. Gaiah and Neal, it would be our pleasure if you would shift to Gaiana for a celebration and solemnization of your melding."
Neal and Gaiah didn't even have to look at each other, as their shared emotions made them reply as one. "Thank you all, it would be wonderful to share it with you."
"Right," said Gorand. "We'll go ahead and sort out details, and maybe tomorrow, you could both visit Gaiana and we can discuss it. Tomorrow evening, Alasdair, I invite you and your family to eat with me in my home."
"It would be a pleasure." Alasdair beamed.
Renny clapped her hands. "Oh, this is so exciting." She turned to Gaiah. "Hey, Gaiah, y'know the way Earth weddings have bridesmaids? Can we do that? Oh please, please? Can I be your melding maid? Pleeeaase?" She waved her prayer-clasped hands in front of her.
"I'd love it, Renny, I really would," Gaiah said with a big grin. With the maximum of fuss, chatter, plans and suggestions about the ceremony, the Ten shifted to Gaiana. Gaiah suddenly yawned, hugely.
Kaley laughed. "Melding or no melding-you're going to bed. It's been a long and eventful day." She put her arm around Gaiah and frog-marched her to the door. "Neal, you can have the sofa bed in the front room."
"Thanks Kaley, that would be great. Actually, I have just realized I am wiped. I'd sleep on a doorstep now."
"Oh, our sofa bed is a bit better than that." Alasdair smiled, "This way."
Neal took Gaiah's face in his hands as he passed, and whispered, "You know, we won't really be separated. I'm with you always."
She smiled and nodded. "I know. Sleep well."
He followed Alasdair out of the kitchen.
It was a peaceful, happy house that night. Gaiah, content with her sense of being wrapped in Neal's love, quickly fell into a deep sleep. Neal sank into the plush, softness of the sofa bed, turned to enjoy the warmth and crackle of the glowing log fire, and drifted off within moments.
Renny spent some time pondering what to wear at the melding ceremony, and if she should make a little speech. But her thoughts soon became jumbled, and luckily when she was deciding to wear orange clown shoes and a red tuxedo-she was dreaming.
Alasdair and Kaley talked softly, their arms around each other. Kaley slept, as always, with her head on Alasdair's chest. They talked, but their voices became slower and soon the gaps between words became a silence, filled with peaceful breathing.
=+;+=

Chapter Eighteen
,.
The next morning, Alasdair made his speciality breakfast dish: scrambled eggs with loads of pepper, piled on top of thick slices of home cooked ham and served on brown toast.
Renny laughed as she told them of her dream decision. "It seemed reasonable at the time. Maybe we should have a circus theme?"
"Aaargh. No way!" Gaiah rolled her eyes at Kaley, who laughed. Two pots of tea later, Alasdair tried out his 'knock knock' jokes, and was delighted with Neal's offering of, "Knock, Knock"
"Who's there?"
"Isabelle."
"Isabelle who"
"Isabelle really necessary on this door?"
Alasdair's guffaw rang around the kitchen.
"Don't encourage him," groaned Kaley as she got up from the table. "Renny and I are going to shift now. Alasdair will follow with you two later. I know you want to return to the woods for a little while. Be careful of yourselves. See you later." She kissed them all, and shimmered from view.
Renny stood. "Neal, don't get side-tracked and spend days in the wood. We'll all be ready and waiting to welcome you to Gaiana. Powers! What fun! I can't believe we´re going to organize a melding ceremony at home. It's sooo not normal there. Imagine! A melding, and me a melding maid. Okay, I'm off." In a shimmer, she was gone.
"Right," said Alasdair. "I'll wash up here, let you two get going."
"Thanks Grandpa, see you in a while." They wrapped up well and headed for the door. Alasdair called Gaiah back and handed her a backpack. "Supplies."
She kissed him. "You're the best. Thanks a million."

It didn't take long to get to the woods, but as before, Gaiah loved every second of the bike ride, the close contact with Neal protecting her from the worst of the wind and cold. She would have been happy to be travelling the length of Britain like this.
The car park was deserted. Weak sunshine and blustery winds had dried up the ground underfoot, so the hike wasn't too slippery. While they strolled up the paths, holding hands, Gaiah told Neal all about her father and her London life. When she paused, he turned and lifted her up. Wrapped in his arms, he kissed her eyes, her face and finally her mouth; soft gentle kisses.
"These are kisses for my poor, lonely Gaiah who I wasn't there to look after, and these," he paused for more kisses, "are for my poor, sad Gaiah who I wasn't there to cheer up and these," more kisses, "are for the poor, cross Gaiah who I wasn't there to tell her-get a grip!" Gaiah felt a happiness and lightness of spirit she hadn't felt since her mother was alive.

Neal wanted to put his art at the entrance to the fort. They spent a while searching for exactly the right place; climbing, crawling, stretching, hammering and measuring until finally they had the work mounted at different angles in the trees at both sides of the entrance to the old fort. The gun shot added a texture to their appearance which gave an extra depth and meaning to the work.
"I think it's time for whatever it is Alasdair put in our backpack," Gaiah opened the bag. Alasdair had packed cheese, apples, two wedges of Kaley's fruit cake and a flask of coffee.
They sat, leaning back against a tree stump in the centre of the fort, so they could admire his art from a distance while they ate.
Neal looked down along the scrubby, winter grass to his work.
"I created them as a memorial for my parents. This was where they met. My mother told me she was drawn to this place all her life."
"How did your parents meet?"
"My father had been sent here as support for an Or'kan project. They fell into each other's arms, literally. She tripped as they passed each other. She said the minute they touched they were rooted to the spot, and could have stayed there forever."
He smiled at Gaiah. "I always thought she was exaggerating, now I know exactly what she meant. She didn't go home and he never continued his assignment. They made a home in deeper woods in the highlands. Afric, my father, spent his days painting and my mother grew their food."
"But what did he tell her? How did he explain things?"
"He told her everything. She found it easy to accept; she said she'd always known there was more to life than what we saw. When the Or'kans eventually found him and ordered him back, he refused. I was born at that stage and he knew he would rather die than leave us. But of course they did get him, or rather, they drained his energy, until he literally disappeared." He stared at the copper pieces, now glinting in faint sunlight. Gaiah's heart wrenched with the depth of sadness and pain he was feeling
"You can imagine how impossible it was for my mother to recount that story to anyone. So she became a silent ghost of herself. Everyone thought she was a bit mad. I was the only person she spoke to about what had happened, but I was young, and more influenced by everyone around me. I kind of dismissed it as 'just my mother's stories' but she had been severed from her melded self. If it hadn't been for me, she would have let herself die too, years earlier."
It was so sad, so awful, and of course, this part of his story really resonated. Her poor father, how he must have suffered all those years. And, unlike Neal's mum, he never knew why. Why he was so anguished, why he couldn't cope.
Neal leaned his head was back against the tree bark, and closed his eyes, but his grip was firm on her hand while he'd recounted his parents' history. She shared his sadness, but said, "How proud they would be, their melding's child, now a melded man, is back to celebrate their lives and their love. And I'm here to give thanks to them for you." She cupped his face in her hands, kissed him gently and sat back.

Neal sat up straight, pulling both his lips between his teeth into a thin line. Her breath caught, anxiety was taking over from sadness in Neal.
What else was there?
"Don't freak out, but I have to tell you, this area is a portal for Or'kans shifting Earthways."
"What? Are you crazy?" She jumped to her feet. "What are we doing here?"
"We're safe. You trust me, don't you?"
"Of course! It's just that was a bit sudden to spring on me!"
"Honestly, don't worry. Or'kan shifting is a slow process compared to Gaianan. Anyway, they rarely shift. This hilltop has been a portal for millennia. Can you see the weird stone over there, by that tree?"
"The stuff that looks as if it has been melted?"
"Yes, there's quite a lot of that around here. It has always defied explanation, that's because it was caused by the blasts of an Or'kan energy gun."
Gaiah sat again, held his two hands and met his gaze with serious eyes. She waited for him to continue.
"It was directed at some slaves who were trying to escape by joining a group who were shifting Earthways. A guard blasted them just as they set foot on Earth."
Gaiah shuddered. "That's awful." She looked at the solid, rugged rock transformed to shining, fused plates. "What a powerful weapon."
"Yes," agreed Neal. "It's not quite so extreme on Or'ka where the energies are equal, but here on Earth, it's devastating."
She stared at the melted rock. The thought of the evil behind these moss-covered, ancient Earth curiosities made her feel ill. It was an evil she and Neal were expected to deal with. She changed the subject.
"I hate to bring this up now?but Graeme? His car was parked where that poor old lady attacked me."
Neal's face tightened and Gaiah was filled with a wave of his fear and hatred. "I can barely stand to talk about him, but he will have to be dealt with. He's a full Or'kan-"
"That's impossible! He's at school and everything. He asked me out?" Revulsion and indignation made Gaiah's voice shrill.
Neal shook his head. "Graeme orchestrated that attack. Look, there's an awful lot more to say about him and it's all even worse, but we'll need help to do anything about him, so just for now, let's not talk about it?"
Gaiah shuddered, what could be worse than turning an innocent old lady walking her dog, into a killing machine.
"Please? Just for a little while, I want the joy of being with you, of sharing your feelings, of being us, and discovering what that means."
He was right, there was so much to enjoy now. So much to learn, and God, she was soo happy. Yes, yes Kneeling up, she faced him. Happiness lit a warm fuse inside her that exploded in a huge grin on her face and she nodded. "Yes, for a while let's enjoy being us."
Neal, swept up in her explosion of joy, leapt to his feet, threw his head back, his arms wide and shouted, "I'm so happy mam, can you see me?" He circled, looking around at the silent, sentinel trees and back at Gaiah, she pointed over his head. Two robins, disturbed by his shouting, were hovering overhead. Busy, melodious chatter filled the air as the birds swooped down and circled them both before disappearing into the thick, entangled branches of an old birch.
Neal smiled and blew a kiss after them. "I'll take that."
"Wow, Neal, who knows? maybe..?" Damp seeping through the knees of her jeans brought her back to reality.
"We'd better start moving. I wonder what they've got planned on Gaiana for us?" She finished the rest of the coffee and packed away the papers and cups.
Neal took the backpack and pulled Gaiah to her feet. "I don't know, Gaiah. But I do know you and I are going to be totally one. A melded couple for eternity." He paused, ran his eyes from her head to her toes and back again. A grin lit up his face. "And I can't wait." He fell on her like a villain from an old movie, kissing her neck and laughing. Warmth surged through them both and the laughter stopped. Kisses became intense and deep.
Neal's hands inside her jacket were radiating heat and Gaiah could barely breathe. Reluctantly, they broke apart, both experiencing the pounding hearts and rushing blood they were trying to subdue. Gaiah blushed. "Wow! We definitely better go now."
Neal ran his thumb over her swollen lips. "Yes, we'll have all the time in the world to do this properly." They walked back in silence. Their senses so attuned that they may as well have been talking.
However, their shared happiness and excitement was made bittersweet by the dark knowledge that the fate of the trinity was on their shoulders, and they had no idea what to do.
End of Book One
,==\=--.
 
Author's Note
I'm so glad you dropped in to Shared Skies. I really hope you enjoyed it. I would be delighted to receive any comments or thoughts, either on my Facebook page: facebook.comSharedSkies1 (where you will also find photos of CraigPhadraigh and the Aurora Borealis.)
Or Twitter: Josephine O'Brien @SharedSkies     
                                                                                                                                              It may interest you to know that in 2004 when Arthur C. Clarke was interviewed by the Guardian, he was asked what he thought was the biggest mystery that he had encountered. He replied: "The oddest thing is these vitrified forts in Scotland. I just thought, how the hell? After all, lasers were not common in the Stone Age." There are around 100 vitrified forts around the world, with over half in Scotland. They were built on strategic locations, and the stones were heated to such high temperatures that they fused together. When Clarke's team tried to recreate the vitrification process they concluded that the amount of heat needed to vitrify rocks was equivalent to an atomic bomb. A team of chemists on his 'Mysterious World' television series subjected rock samples from 11 forts to rigorous chemical analysis, and stated that the temperatures needed to produce the vitrification were so intense--up to 1,100°C--that a simple burning of walls with wood interlaced with stone could not have achieved such temperatures
(Source:  ForteanTimes The world of strange phenomena)

*Raining animals is a rare meteorological phenomenon in which flightless animals "rain" from the sky. Such occurrences have been reported in many countries throughout history. One hypothesis offered to explain this phenomenon is that strong winds travelling over water sometimes pick up creatures such as fish or frogs, and carry them for up to several miles.[1] However, this primary aspect of the phenomenon has never been witnessed or scientifically tested.
However, there have been many unconfirmed cases in which rainfalls of animals have occurred in fair weather and in the absence of strong winds or waterspouts. Given that waterspouts do not actually lift anything (the water droplets visible in the column are merely condensation) and even the most intense will only raise the surface of the water by less than a meter, it lacks plausibility to suggest that they are capable of lifting fish from below the surface of the water and high into the sky. Tornadoes do not really 'lift' anything up into the column, but pick debris up and throw it outward on ballistic trajectories, where it lands in a destructive manner. Frogs, if they were to move in this way, would not be intact at the end of their journey, and fish, respiring aquatically, would likely asphyxiate long before their landing, which would be just as bad as it is for frogs. Despite the seeming scientific plausibility of the waterspout theory, upon more rigorous inspection it fails completely. (Source: Wikipedia)
Just a thought, there may be another explanation!
Wishing you peace and love,
Josephine O'Brien Spain 2015


