
SHRIMP-TINI: Shaken, Not Stirred 

by David J. Wighton

Book #36 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements

Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.

Cover images by Shutterbug75 via Pixabay and Wilson Blanco via Pixabay.
New Characters

Hell 
• Satan, Grynch, Mammon, and Lilith. 

London
• Law firm: Rink, Dink, Fink and Twink. Law firm: Snakeskin, Buckskin, Moleskin and Rumpelstiltskin. Beverly and Anastasia. 

Planet Boogie-Woogie (Blue Skies)
• Zale Zilio, Marleigh, Micah, Mirage, and father Horatio. 

Planet Spud
• Rancid Potato, secret owner of Spud Concrete. Mashed Potato, employee.
• Yukon Potato of Russet Construction Supplies. 
• Roasted Potato of Roasted Potato Freight.

The Cosmos
• Harry and Luigi.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Chapter 1

Fully three months have passed since Lilith (Meghan) out-negotiated Princess Guinevere (Winnie) in a hearing in front of Harry, the local Cop of the Cosmos. That success led Satan to acknowledge Lilith as his secret agent operating in Hellette. The devilettes decided to selected Hades and hellcats as the names that they wanted to replace the words Hellette and devilettes. 
The operations to remove plastic from the Earth's oceans have begun in earnest. Devils are using Heaven's equipment to collect the plastic and convert it into hard plastic balls that are dumped into defunct PUS tunnels. Angels are now a common sight in Hell as they are assisting with the plastification of Hell's sewers, under supervision of course. 
It is now late December, 2096. Satan and Grynch, the new head of the SSS, are working in secret on a dastardly plot. You didn't expect Satan to give up that easily, did you?
# # # # # # # # 
"Lucifus will participate in your plan," Grynch said. "Now, we have to get buy in from the other side."
"Do they suspect anything?" Satan asked.
"They'll automatically suspect that Lucifus is up to something because it has a bad reputation in the Cosmos, but they won't find anything. Besides, Lucifus' participation is minimal."
"If it's so minimal, why are we giving them 20% of our proceeds?"
"They know that we can't do this without them. Our reputation is worse than theirs."
"How many Lucifus devils are we paying off?"
"That's difficult to know. The devil in charge of their space port, for sure. Obviously, Burger King will receive a cut too. [Burger King was Lucifus' Chief Executive Officer.] Our cargo will never actually land in Lucifus, so the only time that we're vulnerable to discovery is when we harvest our cargo and that will occur in Hell."
"What do we do about Lilith?"
"You should meet with her regularly so that she won't suspect anything. You'll have to hide what we're doing."
"I can do that. How many devils in Hell know what we're doing?"
"Only you and me," Grynch replied.
"That's not much risk."
"The biggest risk is an accident of some kind. Perhaps, something that we didn't expect. We still have devilettes in Hell. They may be in the wrong place at the wrong time."
"They aren't allowed in Hell after murk down and that's the only time that there's any risk." 
"You mustn't underestimate Lilith. She's perceptive and very ambitious."
"But, she IS an SSS devil. You agreed on that."
 "I agreed that she is probably an SSS devil. She had the right information. I found the locked file in personnel that suggests that's where Satan hid her records. I'd feel better if I could open that file. Remember, we had an undercover angel operating in Hell before. That's why you are pretending to be friendly and gullible while I look for her secrets that will allow you to reveal her as a traitor."
"Are you assuming that she is working for Heaven?" Satan asked.
"No. I don't think she's an undercover angel. It's more likely that she'll try to take over Hell from inside. She has made big changes in Hellette with that amusement park. Plus, her shopping mall and casino will open in a few months. Again, don't underestimate her." 
"Have you had any success planting a spy in Hellette?"
"No. That's impossible. Devils don't know how to act like devilettes. They'd be discovered within a day."
"What about recruiting an informer from within the devilette ranks?"
"For that to happen, some devilettes have to be unhappy. They aren't. Perhaps they will be in time. Should we be calling Hellette Hades and devilettes hellcats?" 
"Why? We'd just have to change those names back after we execute Lilith. Obviously, the idea of two separate Hells didn't work out. Too bad. So sad."
# # # # # # # # 
"Are you sure you should take this offer, Reese?" Karita asked. 
"The most prestigious law firm in London is Rink, Dink, Fink, and Twink. One of my professors said that he didn't know of any law graduate receiving an interview with them, let alone a job offer immediately after graduation."
"I thought that you saw terrible face colors on your tour of the building."
"I did. The personnel officer had good colors and the office staff were also good. The professional lawyer staff had a range from slightly dark to downright devil-ready. I didn't see all of them, so perhaps some good people are there. What I did see was a pattern of beginners slowly turning to near evil."
"And you want to turn into near evil?"
"For two centuries, more prime ministers of the UK have come out of this firm than any other law firm in England. If they don't make PM, they will be cabinet officers."
 "You want to be a politician now? I thought you wanted to be a justice."
"I do. And in my career as a justice, I will have to see lawyers and anticipate all the dirty tricks that they will try. What better way to learn what to expect than joining this firm? They're the worst of the worst."
"What are they? Prosecutors or defenders?'
"Prosecutors, mostly. Lawyers who want to stomp out crime are hugely popular around election time. Mind you, that crusade against crime doesn't extend to stomping out crime committed by law firms."
"So, your name will be associated with a firm of predatory lawyers for the rest of your life. Shall I divorce you now, or just never talk to you again?"
"I don't expect to last very long in the job."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 2 

"Hey, Ganger."
"Doppel. What a surprise. Where are you, Winnie?"
"Cruising the solar system. You wouldn't happen to have any rebellions or constitutional outrages that you need help on, would you?"
"No. It's been quiet recently. Did you hear that Planet Blue Sky was selected to have a representative on the Cosmos Board of Directors in their most recent meeting?" 
"Finally. They were the ones that thought up the concept of the Cops of the Cosmos. Anything else new?"
"No. You? Do you have any operations on the go?"
"I've had nothing for three months. What'cha doing?"
"Nothing. Hubby doesn't want me dropping by his work and having sex with him any more. His co-workers were complaining."
"Really?"
"Apparently, it's considered bad taste to have sex in the middle of a staff meeting." 
"You had me going for a minute."
"That'll be the highlight of my day. How's Galahad?"
"He told me as tactfully as he could that I couldn't come on any more of his missions for a while." 
"Too much sex?"
"Too much of me asking if I could do something to help."
"Ah."
"Yuh."
"How's the weather?"
"There's no weather in outer space."
"Right. How's the Angelion couple I met?"
"Ritchit was elected President of the planet some time ago. Now, K-Lit is splitting her time between the clinic and being with Ritchit. Last time I visited, she was working up to ask me how to suggest to him that they should have sex."
"What did you do?"
"I got out of there. I'm trying not to meddle in people's personal lives. You planted the thought of running for the presidency in Ritchit's mind, didn't you?"
"Yuh. That was business. Not personal. I've learned not to meddle too." 
"Gotta go, I guess."
"Me too. I have to wash my attic."
# # # # # # # # 
"Hey, Lillian."
"I have the same answer as I gave you last week, Winnie. I have no operation for you."
# # # # # # # # 
"Hey, Guinny. Do the Nemeses need any help?"
"No. Karita is acting as prosecutor, Maddy in charge of capture, Reese is the justice, and Kashmira is in charge of consequences. Karita is in charge. They're doing ten cases a week."
"I could help Doc and Granny."
"They're very busy supervising the building of their recreation dimensions. Do you know anything about building recreation dimensions or sports in general?"
"No. What about Shields?"
"Busy, busy, busy. She's off on another exploratory sales meeting."
"Huh."
"Winnie, if I have anything for you, I'll let you know. Why don't you visit your family?"
# # # # # # # # 
"Hey, Mom. What's up?"
"Not much since last week. The Guardian Angels and the Valkyries are in Connecticut this week. Another month or two and this part of North America will be drug free. Nymph is still visiting and helping Lylah out with babysitting Azure."
"What about Melissa and Mac? Any operations for the Wilizy coming up?"
"No."
"Is the family having a Christmas get together?"
"Not with the Angels and Valkyries off on their own. Hank and I are going to Hawaii to watch Maddy's university team play in a baseball tournament. Maureen told her that she'd play in at least two exhibition games even though she's not a university student. Beansprout is too young to travel, so Cowboy and Bean won't be there. Wolf and Mac were planning to go too, but they're very concerned about Maddy's bathing suit. She modeled it for them when Jock and Emily were in their bedrooms. Wolf covered his eyes and Mac had to leave the room. Mac is concerned about Jock being 12 years old. She wants to support Maddy but that suit is very revealing. Maddy said that the team had given it to her and it would be rude not to wear it. Apparently, a lot of skin appears on Hawaiian beaches. I doubt that Maddy will give in. Would you be available to talk with Maddy and Mac and tell her what's reasonable and what's slutty?"
"I actually have to go now."
"What are you doing about Christmas? Are you spending it with Galahad?"
"He's doing a scientific study of some kind. I wouldn't understand it."
"You could come to Hawaii with us. Stu and Momaka will be there. Do you play Canasta?"
"Canasta plus baseball. That's pretty appealing. I'll have to see. I have some projects on the go. Say hi to Dad."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

If you hop sprightly into your light ship now, we'll move the scene to Planet Panther. You'll remember Planet Panther from 'Return to Sender', book #34. Kyty Lytr is the planet's Chief Executive. At the end of book #34, she took Fylybstr, Hell's obnoxious lawyer, home with her as part of the Cosmos' Empathy Discovery Program. Fylybstr was sentenced to remain on the planet until he became a new devil who showed concern for others and was aware of how his behavior could be hurtful. Kyty Lytr named him Conspiracy because he could create a conspiracy theory out of two strands of black fur floating in his water bowl. She put a collar on him to ensure that he'd behave. Conspiracy was hopeful that the collar might be removed soon. He had been waiting for a meeting with her for several weeks now. It had finally come.
"I've finished with my dinner now, Conspiracy. You wanted to suggest something?"
"On one of my tours of the planet, I was made aware that Planet Panther has ample mineral deposits."
"Yes, we have many mineral deposits, but we can't take advantage of them unless they are close to the surface. You and I have talked about this already. You had an idea on how some of them could be mined. I allowed you to pursue it off planet with my son. Double-Ought told me that you had a private meeting without him present. You shouldn't have done that."
[Planet Panther was not heavily populated and didn't need extensive rules about personal names. The post popular male name was 'Fang' and that popularity meant that they had to number them. Officially, Kyty's son was Fang007. His nickname was 'Double-Ought' and yes, there had been a James Bond influence in his selection of the name. Nighttime entertainment in Planet Panther was limited. The James Bond series from Earth had been popular with the teenager crowd when Fang had chosen his name.]

"Lucifus officials were not comfortable meeting with the monster panther that you assigned to accompany me. He didn't need to be in the meeting. I still had my collar and Double-Ought kept guard outside the only door in and out of the boardroom." 
"Double-Ought reported that you met alone with Burger King." 
"As you know, Burger King [Lucifus' head devil] was listening in on my trial. He agreed to meet me with little notice. Curiosity perhaps. He asked how I enjoyed being a panther's pet animal."
Kyty-Lytr opened her mouth in a large yawn. Mouthwash would have been helpful; tooth paste at the very least. Conspiracy wasn't going to suggest that. He'd end up with the job. 
"Get to it," she prompted.
"Lucifus has agreed to help Planet Panther with a joint mining enterprise. Planet Panther is the major shareholder of the enterprise."
"How would Lucifus help us?"
"You need humanoids that can mine your gold. Even humanoids of my size are too big for effective mining. The tunnels would have to be too big to be cost effective. You'll need small humanoids that can work diligently underground for long periods of time. Lucifus can find those miners."
"Where would they get them? Double-Ought told me that Lucifus' devils are the same size as you."
"True. Some years ago, Hell created an entire class of devils that had been designed for mining. They were small enough to enter tiny tunnels that other humanoids could not tolerate. Since they were devils, they received their energy from the darkness and they could exist underground quite comfortably. That program had to be put on hold, but Hell still has the capacity to create devil miners. Lucifus will lease ten devil miners from Hell for you."
"I was not particularly impressed with Hell's senior management."
"Your contract would be with Lucifus, which is a civilized planet that abides by Cosmos laws. Since Lucifus' devils live underground, the planet has tunnel-digging machines. They will offer to lease one of those machines to Planet Panther so that you can explore for gold. Once you find a profitable deposit, the mining devils will extract it from the rocks and bring it to the surface."
"Where would they dig?"
"Your people will know that already. They'll be able to choose the site and then supervise it. Gold will be very profitable."
"So, Lucifus will bring ten mining devils to Planet Panther and one tunnel making machine. Once those arrive, we will operate the site and supervise the devils. Will they need bunkhouses?"
"No. You can expect them to work for three-quarters of your day without rest. No food is necessary. They can sleep in the tunnels."
"Who runs the equipment?"
"A Lucifus engineer will show the mining devils how to position the tunnel machine. It's very simple after that. They have five buttons: Forward, backward, stop in place, start the cruncher, and stop the cruncher. The miners will need picks, shovels and rolling transports that can bring the gold out of the mine. Our people will store it safely."
"Other details?"
"Mining is a very physical job. The ten devils can work for two weeks straight, but they'll need two weeks off during which their bodies can recover. A Lucifus pilot will transport them back and forth between Lucifus and Planet Panther. You will be concerned about devil miners trying to smuggle deposits out of the mines. Planet Panther can set up mineral scanning machines wherever you want to prevent any smuggling."
"Financial terms?"
"You'll pay Lucifus for the lease of the miners and the tunnel making machine. Lucifus will handle the transportation costs and the payment to Hell. Lucifus wants 30% of the value of whatever precious minerals you extract from your mines. They defend the 30% charge on the grounds that they are doing all of the heavy-duty mining work for you. They will trust you to do the accounting." 
"And the benefit to you personally?" 
"I am content to be a broker. I wouldn't mind having my collar removed, but only if you think I can be trusted."
"I'll think about it." 
# # # # # # # # 
That night, back at Kyty's small home, which was Planet Panther's only building. Kyty and Double-Ought were discussing the mining project. Although he was only a teenager, Double-Ought had risen quickly through the clawacracy to become one of Kyty-Lytr's most trusted aides. The only other panther that Kyty trusted was his twin, a female panther named Luna Moon. She was also at this meeting.
[You may recall that two panther cubs had showed up in book #11,'Trial by Nick.' You're right that those cubs had grown up and have become Double-Ought and Luna Moon with human DNA donated by Theo and Nary. They didn't remember their cub years. Kyty explained their presence on the planet by telling the population that she had found two abandoned cubs. Back to the meeting now.] 
"Did Conspiracy lie about anything?" Double-Ought asked. Both of Kyty's children knew about her lie-detecting skills. 
"I saw no direct lie. He might have been holding back some information he didn't want me to know. I may not have asked the right question. I don't trust him. He's up to something."
"Lucifus wanted a private meeting but there was no need," Double-Ought observed. "Their scales make them impervious to claws and fangs. Logic says that contrivance makes the proposal suspicious. Stupid Lunatic said that she would be suspicious too."
"You shouldn't talk about your sister that way."
"She called me Stupid Spock."
"We'll go ahead with the project on a trial basis, but something is wrong. Luna, you're in charge of mine security. Double-Ought, you're in charge of planetary defense. I don't like having Lucifus space ships coming and going. I don't want to hear any arguments about who has the more important job."
"You won't hear anything from me, because I have the more important job," Double-Ought bragged. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

OMG, Meghan. What have you done? All of your devils look the same!
Winnie! You can't use your normal devil body here.
I saw that. Are they all identical?
Yes. Satan is supposed to call the women 'hellcats' but he refers to them as 'devilettes'. Our part of Hell is called 'Hades.' What are you doing here?
I thought you might need some help. I have some time.
Let's talk. I can leave Hades whenever I want today. Timmy's?
Toronto? The one by Maple Loaf Stadium?
Done.
# # # # # # # 
"I'm limiting myself to six sugar coated doughnuts," Winnie claimed.
"I'll try Boston Cream this time. I'll have six too."
[That'll never be enough.]
...
"What's with the names?"
"We weren't going to tolerate the words Hellette or devilette, so we asked for suggestions and every woman had a vote. Hades is where we afterlive; hellcats are what we are. "
"And the identical bodies?"
"That's a longer story. Grynch, Satan's new head of the SSS, decided that he would ensure that any devilette entering Hell would be stopped at the border and would have to go through security checks. Names, for example. Addresses too. He was obviously collecting data, so I told the hellcats to simply make them up. He figured that out and so decided that he had to ensure that Hell was safe from angelic intrusions by requiring physical searches. They became close to rape." 
"Aww, man!"
"Satan explained to me that Hell had the right to ensure that their borders were secure. Our people didn't want to go to work in SinSin-atti any more, but we needed their income. Satan offered a compromise. Devilettes could enter Hell without security checks if we all agreed to have a chip embedded in our bodies that Hell could scan. I would be exempted."
"It was a set-up."
"Yeah. All we had to do was supply our devil name and former Hell address. That would allow the SSS to find our file and know who we were."
"That chip is giving them more than that."
"Yeah. I figure a GPS tracer is in there somewhere. But we didn't have a choice. I had a Hades-wide meeting and suggested that we could beat their security system if we all had exactly the same body. Plus, we would all take the same type of name. Hades344, for example. If the SSS were checking us, they wouldn't know that we were making up the number." 
They all agreed on having the same body, but they wanted to wear something unique. Plus, while we might be Hades344 to the SSS, they wanted their own unique afterlife name. Something with vowels as well as consonants. We all agreed to do that. I stuck with Lilith. Some hellcats chose their human name; others chose a human name that they wished they had had. We all agreed that each of us would wear something that would distinguish each of us from the others. For example, paint on our scales, a scarf, or a piece of fabric. For the first two months of the new system, we were walking around with nametags and our special piece of apparel. We do a lot of work in groups and we all pretty much know who's who now. That's one of the reasons you can't appear here. The hellcats would know immediately that you weren't one of us."
"Got it. Has security backed off?"
"They didn't at first. Grynch claimed that they were respecting our borders, but since we didn't have our own SSS, he would provide that service free of charge for us. We solved that with long thick wine bottle corks. Annabelle had that idea."
"You drink wine in Hades?"
"We will, in time. For now, every hellcat carries as least one wine cork in her fanny pack. If the SSS enters our territory, hellcats will follow them. If an SSS devil decides to give one of us a physical exam, we will press up against him in a giant hug. The one closest to his tail gets to insert the wine cork. Then they'll all disappear into a crowd of hellcats that have no distinguishing marks. Some hellcats added a touch of glue to the cork. That was particularly nasty but the devils that were glued deserved it. The SSS doesn't come into Hades any longer."
"What will you do about that GPS tracker?"
"We can't do anything. No hellcat has the skills to look inside that chip to even determine what else it is doing. If you were thinking of hacking in, that would be dangerous for us."
"Not if you had stolen one of their chips."
"You mean like this one?"

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 5 

"Doppel."
"Ganger. What's up, Winnie?"
"I have some questions. Do you have lots of time?"
"I have time. I may not have answers. What are we talking about?"
"The Cosmos. If anybody asks, we didn't have this conversation."
"Hang on. I have to turn off my recording device."
"You record our calls?"
"Has anybody ever told you that you're kind of gullible?"
"It's a weakness that one of my team members likes to exploit. I may lose that with age."
"How old are you?"
"My mortal body is almost twenty of our years. Life expectancy being 70. You?"
"Very close to that. What did you want to know?"
 "Where is the Cosmos physically located?"
"I'll send you a star chart. Just speak the coordinates and your ship will take you close enough to see it."
"Do I have to worry about planetary sensors?"
"Not if you're in the light ship."
"What's the name of the planet?"
"Cosmos. It used to be a somewhat backward, lightly populated numbered planet orbiting a red dwarf sun. Now it's the home for cosmocrats and their families. You won't find anything of interest on the planet itself. The members of the cosmocracy work in the moon orbiting Cosmos. Every ministry of the cosmocracy has offices there. Everybody on the moon has a top security clearance. The Ministry of Justice is located there, for example. I have clearance and can enter from the planet or via the moon's space station. But, my movements in the building are tracked."
 "Do these high level cosmocrats go to the planet when they are off duty?" 
"Yes. That transportation is done through what you would call portals. If I were on the planet and entered a portal, I would be transported to the Ministry of Justice. If an employee of the Ministry of Justice entered a portal on the moon, he would be transported to the portal site closest to his home on the planet. I have never been on the planet, so I just move directly to the spaceport when I'm ready to leave."
"Are you prohibited from entering another department of the Cosmos? Does the building have locked down physical doors for example?"
"The building has a central area that houses the cafeteria and the kitchen. All the portals on the planet lead to that large open space. Nine thick spokes extend from the cafeteria outwards at regular angles. The ninth spoke has a portal leading to the spaceport. The other eight lead to offices that house the eight main ministries of the cosmocracy. Each spoke has multiple private offices and a boardroom. The office at the end of each spoke is reserved for the senior-most cosmocrat. The four executives of the Cosmos would be in the spoke end office. They have great three-way views."
"The entrance to each spoke is guarded by a portal. If you have clearance to enter that spoke, the doors to the portal will open. If you don't have clearance, they won't open. If you persist in trying, an alarm will ring." 
"How does the computer system know that it's you and where you're allowed to go?"
"I have a chip in my body that indicates who I am, where I am allowed to be and my clearance level. Only personnel with high-level Cosmos security chips can access the offices on the moon. Landing on the moon and then trying to break into a building from the outside is impossible. There is no atmosphere on the moon. The moon's external surveillance system would pick up somebody in a spacesuit."
 "What's Cosmos' protection from invasion by a hostile force?"
"Long range surveillance systems are positioned at strategic places on the planet and they pass data to the Armed Forces Command on the moon. Our space ships are among the most advanced in the Cosmos. Plus, the planet has armed attack satellites if any incoming force broke through the planet's outer ring of defenses."
"Do these advanced space ships include light ships?"
"No. The light ships are still highly secret."
"How do you personally dock in the space port with a light ship that is secret?"
"I have a conventional two-seater spaceship hidden outside the system. I take my light ship to that position and land at the spaceport with the two-seater. It contains my security chip so I am allowed to dock. You would not be able to enter my secret ship either as a pilot or as a guest because you do not have that embedded chip. Any more questions about security that I should not be answering?"
"How would guests in a foreign spaceship receive permission to dock?"
"You would be told to stop at the periphery of the sensors and security guards would board you, determine who you were and why you were there. The only way for a guest to be admitted is through a request from a member of the Cosmos that does have clearance. You won't get any closer to the planet unless somebody vouches for you. I can't do that for you because I don't want anybody on that planet to know about you and me. You can't get into the office complex, Winnie. It's impregnable for anybody without that chip."
"I can see that." 
# # # # # # # 
"Tell me about the executive of the Cosmos."
"There are four executive positions: president, vice-president, secretary, and treasurer. Each executive supervises employees that actually do the grunt work. The treasurer, for example, doesn't make entries into electronic accounting books. He has employees to do that."
"What does he do then?"
"The treasurer would deal with much higher issues, such as establishing the budget for Cosmos operations, setting priorities for new projects, assigning the level of dues that each planet has to pay, to give you three examples."
"Do the twenty directors elect them every two years?"
"Not quite. The Cosmos does not want its senior executive to be changing every two years. It takes time for the executives to learn their responsibilities. They would never allow all of them to leave at the same time. The twenty devils decide every two years if a senior executive needs to be replaced. They don't vote for them. They have the power to dismiss them."
"So effectively, a senior executive can stay in place until he is caught committing a crime or until he decides to leave of his own accord."
"That's pretty much it. These particular executives don't show any signs that they are tired of the job."
"Why would they get tired?"
"They spend most of their time in Cosmos. Trips to their home planet are not allowed as this might raise suspicions that the executive member was violating security or providing preferential treatment. Executive members would have ties to their home planet through a family member, for example. Their former job on that planet might be more enjoyable or might pay better. That's what has happened in the past. Executive members don't usually stay in place for long periods of time."
"Why would they stay in the executive for a long time if they are the head person of their own planet? Wouldn't they stay a minimum number of years and then go back to running their own planet?"
"Again, that's what has happened in the past. But some years ago, the rules were changed. Too many heads of planets were turning down a position on the executive. They didn't want to be away from their planetary positions. Now, when an invitation is offered to join the executive, that invitation is extended to the planet itself. It is up to the CEO of a planet to decide who will fill the position." 
"The current four executives never were CEOs of their home planet. They were influential businessmen or industrialists who had well paying jobs in significant planetary businesses. When they accepted the offer from their CEO, these businessmen had to take a leave from their businesses and put a junior in charge. That meant that they had to give up their business salary. The Cosmos position does come with a salary and perks, but if you wanted wealth, you would turn down the offer of a Cosmos executive position."
"Doesn't their former position put them into a potential conflict of interest if a decision has to be made that affects their home planet?"
"Yes, definitely. In that case they are not allowed to vote on that decision and that is also why they aren't not allowed to travel home or receive private communications from their planet."
"You would think that they wouldn't stay on the executive very long."
"Yes, you would. These four are very dedicated. They appear to be happy to make personal sacrifices for the good of the Cosmos."
# # # # # # # 
"Where would I find information on each director? Name, home planet, previous business, picture, that kind of thing."
"The Cosmos' Annual Report. It's in your ship's library. Why do you want all this information, Winnie? Should I be plotting my escape route to your deserted asteroid belt if you are caught?"
"That reminds me. Do you still have all that gold that we took off that asteroid miner?"
"I tried to give it back to Burger King and Satan, but they didn't want it. [Book #31: The Potato of Truth] I gave it to Harry in case they changed their minds. Why?"
"Just curious."
"You're changing the subject, aren't you?"
"Why would I want to do that?"

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

"Here are the dozen voice activated drones with extra storage space that you requested, Winnie. I made them a different shape so that you won't confuse them with the normal drones. Is there any particular reason you wanted them to be voice-activated?"
"I don't have the time to fast forward through a view of a room that is empty most of a day. Plus, I can't check the drones very often. Thanks for the special order, William."
"No problem."
"How is the research on light energy coming?"
"We'll have a prototype light beam to test soon, but I need a safe place to test it. I don't want it to fly on forever."
"Aim it at the moon?"
"We're thinking of that. The distance is somewhat short."
"What happens when the light beam hits something? Will it bounce back? Go right through?"
"We don't know. That's why we need to test." 
"If the moon explodes, should we blame you?"
"If it does, I won't be around to get blamed."
 # # # # # # # # 
Winnie's light ship made it to Planet Cosmos before she had time to get bored with the trip. The ship had an automatic pilot that took care of avoiding unexpected objects, so Winnie sat back and thought about the gold that Justice had given to Harry. It had seemed like a lot of gold when they pulled it out of Asmodeus' former ship, but it would be handy to know its value. Gold is probably valued by weight. What kind of story could she tell Harry that would allow her to weigh it? 
The automatic pilot dinged its arrival at Cosmos. She hadn't found an answer on the gold. Harry wouldn't believe any story she might tell. What would he do if she told him the truth? She'd have to think on this. Meanwhile cosmocrats were going to work. She had an impregnable office complex to impregnate. 
First, she had to land the light ship on the planet itself. This was easy for a ship that can be invisible. She picked a spot in a dark forest of some kind and landed. She assumed her Wilizy body, cinched a fanny pack around her waist, dropped the light ship inside and zipped it up. She turned her Winnie body invisible and activated the sling. 
It took Winnie three minutes to reach the outskirts of the city where she could see people lining up to go through a portal. Hovering over a hairy looking citizen, she assumed her shoulder demon body and dropped down into his hair. In the spy trade, this is known as hitching a ride. James Bond admirers would have to admit that their hero never could have done this. 
As always when she entered an unknown environment, Winnie scouted the complex first. Entry into each spoke was easy. She simply repeated what she had done to enter the complex itself. There was a lot of traffic into and out of the cafeteria. She rarely had to wait more than a minute before she was a passenger into a spoke. Once in, she used her Wilizy body to map the area with an ap in her brain plug. 
As lunchtime approached, Winnie entered the cafeteria with the help of a friendly taxi, waited, and then dropped onto the head of the first executive that arrived. She needed only a minute to install the voice-activated drone high on a wall that gave a good view of the single table. After that, she relaxed in one of the comfy chairs that were against a wall, and prepared to listen to scintillating conversation. Scintillating, it was not. She heard a few grunts, a lot of chewing, and that was it. She dropped onto the head of the last diner and continued to explore and map the building, including the spaceport. 
As the supper hour approached, Winnie made her way back to the cafeteria. Food service was apparently not provided this late in the day and that should mean that the executives would be returning to the planet. She waited for all four to leave the complex, and then waited for another hour. The place was deserted. That meant that further investigations could proceed. 
She turned into a shoulder demon and walked through a security gate to an executive office spoke. As she expected, the gate's security system did not register a piece of fluff. She didn't want to confirm this earlier because traffic was steady. Getting stepped on would be embarrassing if not downright painful. She wouldn't use the demon body to leave the complex, but for now, she had access to everything and everywhere. She re-assumed her Wilizy body, flew down to the end of spoke, and sat down in front of the executive's computer. Let's see what kind of security you have on this thing.
 # # # # # # # # 
When people are inside impregnable fortresses or even impregnable building complexes, they tend to rely on the building to provide all the security they might ever need. Four computers gave up their data without much of a fight. Winnie had ample portable storage bots handy to hold the documents of all four computers. She dumped anything with potential revelations into those devices, retreated into a comfy hiding place above some ceiling tiles and began browsing. By the time she joined the workers returning home the next afternoon, she was cranky and discouraged. So far, all four computers had nothing on them that that she could use against the owners. She returned to Heaven and looked in the storage bots some more. By the end of the week, she had nothing to do. Again.
 # # # # # # # # 
Winnie missed one snippet of a conversation that the four executives had enjoyed over lunch while she was hiding away examining the files. It went something like this.
"Security checked my computer last night."
"Mine too."
"Mine too."
"Mine too." 
"It was only another random sweep. We have nothing to worry about."
"I bet that's what Earwax thought."
"He was dumb. We're not."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

It was the third week of January. The residents of Hades were feeling comfortable because the SSS agents were no longer coming into their territory, but customer devils were. Business was up on their first recreation park - this one in ToxiCity. Plans had been prepared for parks in the other two cities, but those would have to wait until the shopping mall in FeroCity had been completed. Right now, only the outside of the building had been framed. The pleasure palaces were mostly deserted, as they had wanted. The hellcats were proving to be keen construction workers, but progress was slow because they were working off limited capital. 
There was no warning. There wasn't even a hint of a warning. There wasn't even a hint of a hint of a warning. I think I've made myself clear. The hellcats were totally unprepared for what happened. 
It started in the green bean pool at the base of the longest slide. A devil was coming down the slide headfirst. The devil that had preceded him was standing in the pool rubbing his eyes when he was knocked face first into the soup. That led to a pushing match, which unfortunately was right in front of the slide's exit. The devils at the start of the slide couldn't see the end of the slide and so they didn't know that there was a fight at the bottom. That fight turned into a melee as more devils slid cloven hooves first or horns first into the battleground. Devils are not adverse to fighting, or more accurately, dunking. It had become a brawl. 
Somebody, or somebodies, decided that the design of the slide was at fault. They started ripping it apart. That ripping extended up the hill. The supports of the slide were pulled down, which meant that the slide itself broke apart. When that slide was destroyed, the mob turned their attention to the partially completed sister slide near by. When they had nothing left to destroy, they went back to Hell cheering lustily and drunkenly for the wonderful night they had enjoyed. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Really? My devils destroyed your green bean slide park? When?" Satan sounded entirely sympathetic. 
"Last night," Lilith said. "Hell is responsible for the costs of repairing the slides."
"Hell isn't. The individual devils are. Give me their names and proof that they were part of what you've called a mob, and we'll turn them over to you."
"It was a mob."
"Boys will be boys. Why didn't you stop them?"
"We couldn't. We count on you to keep your devils under control."
"Don't you have a security force?"
"Not yet."
"Well, there's your solution. Of course, devilettes are so tiny in those bodies that you gave them, and devils would undoubtedly tromple them if they tried to curb their exuberance. I guess you have a problem. Was there anything else?"
"I have a solution," a third person entered the conversation. "My SSS forces would be able to control drunken devils quite easily. Why don't we extend the Hell-Hellette agreement so that the SSS can provide security to both territories? We have the big bodies as well as the training."
"How'd you know they were drunk?" Lilith asked. "I never said that they were."
"Devils are always drunk. You know that."
"They haven't been drunk the other times they've been in Hades. Why did you think they'd be drunk this time?"
"We had a break-in at a local pub. Several barrels of beer were stolen. That's probably where that crowd came from."
"I won't let your goons into Hades to provide security. They've used their authority to assault us in the past."
"Those were only pat-downs. We have to check for hidden weapons."
"What hidden weapons? No weapons are allowed anywhere in the underworld."
"They were simply making sure."
"That wasn't patting down. That was sexual assault."
"It's not sexual assault since your devilettes dress and parade their bodies in such a way as to arouse them. Your devilettes were trying to entice the devils into your pleasure palaces. So what if my guys got a little frisky outside them?" 
"So, it's sexual assault. Rape."
"You can't complain about rape when your own devilettes assaulted my devils with corks. That was rape."
 Satan was watching the give and take of reasoned arguments. Lilith was losing. He enjoyed that part best.
"They were demonstrating what it felt like to be on the receiving end of unwelcome attention."
"But, devilette bodies have been created to satisfy male needs, whether welcome or unwelcome. That's a devilette's purpose in life and in afterlife. You can't argue with what nature wanted for you."
"I believe an offer is on the table," Satan stepped into the fray. Actually he was sitting down, but you get the drift. "Hell's SSS forces are offering to extend their coverage to include Hellette territory. It seems to me that this would put a stop to exuberant devil behavior. Of course, you'd have to pay for the service, but nothing close to the cost of repairs that you're facing now. And, don't forget that you have no revenue coming in with your recreation park shut down."
"And if I don't agree?"
"Boys are going to be boys. You'll have to control them better the next time."
"There will be a next time?"
"That's like asking if there'll be another murk up."
"I'll give it some thought."
 # # # # # # # #
The scene is Winnie's boardroom. It's about one hour later. Meghan was the sole guest.
"Let me see if I have the main points: The SSS created a mob that destroyed the main source of your revenue, but you have no proof."
"I'm sure that Grynch got them drunk and put some provocateurs within the group. But yes, I have no proof of that." 
"Are you thinking that the initial SSS assaults were to provoke the corks?"
"I don't think it matters. They were planning to put the SSS in control of our territory anyway. They'll force us one way or another to accept the SSS in our territory and formalize that occupation in that agreement."
"I agree. They couldn't put that into the formal agreement at the start. They had to make you want their protection. What do you see coming next?"
"If we create a shopping mall, devil marauders will tear it down. If we have a casino, a devil mob will rob it. If we have any form of retail outlet, devils will shop lift it into bankruptcy. The SSS will make no effort to stop that from happening."
"What's their purpose then?"
"To keep an eye on us and stop us from leaving Hades. They'll find everybody who is dangerous to their plan, and neutralize them. They won't touch me."
"Agreed. What revenue do you have now?"
"We have some hellcats working in Hell. They'll be targeted next."
"Agreed. It will be your fault that they had to be banned from Hell. How long can you last without revenue?"
"Indefinitely."
"I don't think so. You are confined inside a small area that will have SSS troops guarding the border. You are unable to stop the SSS and their drunken devils from destroying any infrastructure you build. SSS can control you. You'll soon be at Satan's mercy."
"You're right. We can't last indefinitely."
"What's his ultimate goal?"
"Anything he wants. Forced sex in pleasure palaces will keep his devils happy. I underestimated him."
"I did too. I bought into the idea that Satan wanted to cooperate so that he could meet his obligations with the Cosmos. Joe-Joe saw through that. I thought that his spirit of cooperation extended to the women of Hades. I messed up."
"He's smarter than I thought. And Grynch is in the same league. Satan will meet his Cosmos obligations thanks to Heaven and he'll keep his devils happy with sex slaves. We're completely cut off from all ways out of Hell. He has put us in a death trap."
"Looks like it," Winnie admitted. "Heaven can't assist you because we have no legitimate way of knowing what's going on in Hell or in Hades. Our involvement would immediately reveal that we had access to the inner workings in Hell. That would be a very expensive loss for us."
"What can I do, Winnie?"
"I have an idea."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8 

Let's take a quick peek at what's been happening in Planet Panther. The joint proposal between Lucifus and Planet Panther had been approved and signed by both parties. Ten tiny devils had arrived in a Lucifus space ship along with assorted tools like pickaxes, shovels and power drills. The ship's pilot left with a promise to return in two weeks. 
A gray whiskered panther had shown the tiny devils where to start digging. The tunnel machine had worked like a charm and the devils showed no hesitation in getting their hands dirty and calloused. They were not interested in coming out of the mine. Part of that attitude was probably due to the obvious conclusion that a large panther was watching their every move. But she could not squeeze into the tunnel. 
Luna prowled around the outside, mostly guarding the storage bin that was holding the gold that came out of the mine daily. The level of gold in the bin rose steadily. Most of it was bite-sized nuggets. Some of it had thin streaks of gold embedded in rock. Extracting that gold would require specialized knowledge that they didn't have. 
The devils came out of the mine after two weeks of creating a lot of noise and dust. The pilot said they needed time off now, as provided in their agreement. Luna passed a mineral reading scanner from Lucifus in front of the cart of gold. It emitted some impressive screeches for such a tiny instrument. Then she passed it up and down the front and back of the mining devils. Nothing. The pilot reminded them that the miners would be back in two weeks. During that time, they could decide what they were going to do with all of that gold. 
Other than the gray whiskered panther, nobody on the planet had seen gold before. They didn't know how to process it. They didn't know what kind of value they had. Worried that Lucifus might give them some self-serving advice, Kyty-Lytr contacted the local Cop of the Cosmos and asked for help. 
Within a week, three representatives from three different planets examined the cart and gave Kyty-Lytr an estimate of the value of the nuggets. Those could be sold individually or in groups. All three advised her to purchase an industrial-grade weighing machine that would take all the guesswork out of the purchases. The average price of gold was posted daily on a Cosmos minerals page. 
The streaks of gold would require expensive processing. What they had now was not enough to make it worthwhile. They advised her that she should use two storage carts, one for the nuggets and one for the streaks. When the cart of streaks was full, each representative would return and offer to buy it, haul it away, and process it for their own use. 
All three suggested that Planet Panther should join an association of gold mining planets. That association offered advice, at a reasonable cost, for selecting mine sites that would allow them to use the proceeds from this sale to start another mine. 
All three reps confirmed that the gold reading wand was legitimate and could detect smuggling by the miners. When told that they had a joint agreement with Lucifus, nobody took issue with that. But all three warned them about having any association with Hell. 
 # # # # # # # #
"You're getting embroiled in something that cannot involve Heaven," Guinny warned.
Winnie had an answer already prepared. "I'm getting embroiled in an operation that will weaken Hell from inside. The weaker Hell is, the better off Earth and Heaven will be." 
"You're calling it an operation now?"
"Yes. If Meghan is going to be successful in weakening Hell from inside, she will need support. This operation is nothing different than when we've entered Hell before and operated undercover."
"It has overtones of you attacking misogyny."
"It doesn't have overtones. It's ALL about attacking misogyny. Hell's misogyny. Hell decided that they would split devils into two classes. And now, they are intent on turning their female devils into sex toys. We have the ability to prevent that, and in the process, hit Hell hard. Their internal stability will be weakened. They are already scrambling to avoid further sanctions; now they will be scrambling to control internal strife that they themselves created."
"Do you have a plan?"
"I have the beginnings of a plan. How the plan proceeds will depend on how Hell responds to what Meghan does to them."
"Is Meghan OK with this plan?"
"She doesn't know the plan yet, but she did ask for my help. She recognized that she couldn't go after Hell with brute force, which is her strength. She needed sneaky. I can do sneaky. Satan and his SSS commander won't stop until the women of Hell are subjugated and don't have the numbers to fight back. This is an existential threat to the women of Hell. We can't ignore what's going to happen to them."
 "Who will be on your team?"
"For now, Meghan, Maddy and me."
"Maddy for security?"
"Yes."
"How will you explain her presence?"
"Do you really want to know details? What happens to your deniability if I tell you?"
"I won't need it. CEOs don't have to testify. Lillian will."
"What if Satan finds himself losing and calls for a personal face-to-face meeting with you under the truth ray."
"I already know your intentions."
"No you don't. You put me on indefinite leave so that I can investigate a situation on a different planet. You don't know what I am doing with that operation."
"Does Harry know about you and this other planet?"
"No. He needs deniability too."
"So, you have two operations on the go, neither of which is approved by your superior."
"The operation off-planet is going nowhere. I'll use it as a cover for what I'm doing in my spare time, of which I have plenty now that I'm on indefinite leave."
"If you have Maddy in Hell, you can concentrate on the planning part of the operation. Maddy can take on the physical risks."
"Of course. I find myself feeling old and tottery. I'm lucky if I can fly in a straight line."
"You're going to get fully involved aren't you?"
"If necessary. I have to be careful that I leave Meghan completely and visibly in charge. And, I can't take Maddy to Hell and then take over what she should be doing. This operation will be valuable for her development. I need to trust her. Just like..."
"Don't say it. What's your emergency escape plan?"
"Shoulder demon bodies." 
"Winnie, I've been unhappy with how little you've been doing for Heaven the last couple of weeks. You look like you need rest. You're on indefinite leave until you are able to resume your usual duties with your usual energy."
"Thanks for your concern, Boss. I'll do some travelling. See some sights. Don't worry if I'm not in Heaven for a while."
 # # # # # # # #
"How's your baseball team doing, Maddy?"
"It's early in the season, but we have a good team and they will probably go to Nationals."
"What are you doing with them? Bat girl?"
"No. I'm scouting games, but I don't have much to do. Maureen knows all the good pitchers already. She doesn't need me."
"How are you spending your time?"
"I'm trying to get ahead on my school work. I'm in senior high now. The courses are supposed to be harder."
"Supposed to be?"
"My angel brain is smarter than my Maddy brain."
"You still don't like school work, do you?"
"Nah. Boring, boring, boring."
"How'd you like to go to Hell with me?"
"When do we leave?" 
"You've haven't asked what we'll be doing."
"Will I be going to school in Hell?"
"No."
"Then, I'm in."

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

Lilith opened the emergency meeting that she had called with a warning. They were in a natural geological bowl about equidistant from their three communities of FeroCity, AudaCity and ToxiCity. "I want you to look at the hellcats in front, beside, and behind you. If you do not recognize them, stand up."
Nobody stood. 
"When we need to have a mass meeting like this in the future, we will meet here in this-well hidden bowl. The reason why I have called you here, and the reason for the secrecy is because the concept of us having our own area to live in free from the devils was a lie. We will soon be in a war where the future of Hades and the hellcats will be determined. We can fight back, or we can give up and be sex toys. We have no other choice."
That certainly got their attention.
"All of you will have heard how drunken devils went on a rampage and destroyed our one working waterslide and the slide that was partially built. I had a meeting with Satan and Grynch. I can now tell you why that rampage happened and what's waiting for us."
"I want you to know that the SSS got those devils drunk, mingled with them, and then led them into that rampage. The little skirmish that started it was an act. I can assure you that anything that we build to bring us revenue will be destroyed by drunken devils rampaging through our cities. Satan defended them as boys being boys. The only way this rampaging will stop is if we agree to allow the SSS to come into our territory and provide security for us. This means that we will be under their thumb. You can be assured that if any devil decides to rape one of us, or beat one of us, or harm us in any way, then the security forces will look the other way. We have as much to fear from the security forces themselves." 
"We can't be naive. The SSS will not be here to provide security for us. They will be here to provide security FOR HELL. They'll make sure that we are docile and will do whatever they tell us to do without argument. Forget about having a hell of our own. Forget about amusement parks, shopping malls, or a casino. None of that will happen. Any source of income that we might have will be destroyed. We will be allowed to do one thing that will provide us with enough revenue to live on. In their view, devilette bodies have been created solely to satisfy male needs, whether welcome or unwelcome."
A hellcat stood and spoke. "How sure of this are you? Was it just bluster and threats?"
"When I asked if there would be another rampage, Satan's answer was and I quote: That's like asking if there'll be another murk up. He did not attempt to hide the inevitability. In my opinion, by this time next year, half of us will be dead. The other half will be in pleasure palaces. He has a never ending supply of young hellcats from the torture pits to replace you when you show less enthusiasm than what they want from you." 
Another hellcat stood. "What about the Cosmos? Aren't we supposed to have equal rights?"
"Yes, we are. But. the only way to get to the Cosmos spaceship is by an electronic entrance somewhere in SinSin-atti. How would we find it?"
"Escape to Earth?"
"The only way to do that is by entering a guarded PUS car. This remote area was chosen for a reason. To isolate us and make us vulnerable. Any more questions?"
...
"Take a break. Walk around. When we reconvene, I'll tell you how we can fight back." 
 # # # # # # # #
"We have a major weakness," Lilith began after the intermission. "It's an obvious one. Devils are bigger and stronger than we are. If it came down to a physical fight, we'd lose. Or would we? Stand up if you think we'd lose."
...
"You can sit down now. I'm not surprised that all of you stood. That's what the devils think too. We're too small; we're too weak; we're too timid. Standing with me is my guest. She looks like all of you. She's probably small, and weak, and timid. She'd run away from a fight. At least that's what Satan and Grynch would think." 
"I myself have the body of a devil. I'm big and strong. I could crush our guest in my two hands and rip her apart. She and I will have a fight in front of you. You'll see how males are so much better than females in one-on-one battles."
"D'ems fighting words," the guest proclaimed.
"Both of us will put our claws and hooves into the red paint that I've spilled onto this sheet. You'll be able to see who is the better fighter by the paint on her body."
"Are you planning to talk me to death or are you going to fight?"
 # # # # # # # #
The guest took over the talking after the fight. "As you can see, having a much smaller body than a devil is actually an advantage. All those red spots on Lilith's waist and back are scale-removing blows. I didn't remove any scales, but I could have with this nail file. I would stick the point under a scale and flick. Goodbye scale. Those aren't killing blows but, if a partner followed up with a weapon with a sharp point, she could spear all of the vital organs around the waist. That would be extremely painful for them."
"You'll have noticed that during the fight, Lilith was unable to raise her arms. That's because I hit her hard in her armpits, where there are some very important nerves. Lilith, would you raise both arms so they can see the red paint?"
...
 "When her arms were down, her face was unprotected, but being so tall, it was out of my reach. So, I back heeled her onto the ground. She tried to dislodge me but couldn't because I had a knee on her throat and she was fighting for air. All of those red paint splotches on her face are fight-ending shots. In a real battle, I could stick my thumb into her eye socket, which would make her blind. Or, I could put my nail file through her eye and into her brain and kill her."
"Because I'm small, Lilith had to lean over so that she could grab me. That put her off balance, which is why I was able to out quick her. All those paint splotches on her legs were opening where I could de-scale her and attack her tendons with my nail file. You'll see from my perfectly paint-free body that she never touched me."
"Who is she, Lilith. Where'd you find her?"
"I searched through torture pit records looking for souls who could help defend our territory. I noticed a soul who used to be a martial art expert when she was a mortal. I talked the supervisor into letting me torture her privately. We talked, I brought her home, and put her into the body you see. She's now the head of our security forces that will keep devils out of Hades."
The guest took over again. "This will be easier to do than you think. The only way into Hades is through a PUS tunnel. We can defend that, but I need at least twenty recruits who want to defend Hades from drunken devils. I need fighters, not timid girly-girlies."
Somebody called out, "What's your name?" 
"I have taken the name Minka. Where I come from, it's the name of a strong-willed warrior." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

"My research is going to allow a dangerous man to walk free," Reese announced as he entered his heavenly bungalow.
Karita looked at his face but couldn't see happiness or unhappiness. "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"
"His horse trampled a young girl named Anastasia to death."
"Death by horse?"
"I work in England, remember? Anastasia lived in the neighboring estate. According to the man's testimony, his horse bolted unexpectedly. He couldn't control it. He lied."
"How do you know that?"
"His colors. I can see lies if I check colours before and after. But he'll walk away free because of me. Otherwise, he would have been a gone-goose."
"There's a goose in this story now?"
"It's a legal metaphor meaning he was guilty and should have been going to the nick. The family is rich."
"I got that part from him living on an estate. What's a nick?"
"A prison. They also call prisons a glass house."
 "Why?"
"The Glasshouse was a 19th century military prison that had a large glass roof. It was particularly brutal."
"Was British slang one of your courses?"
"I'm trying to learn it on my own."
"Why?"
"To fit in better."
"Why?"
"You're doing this to me again. You're deliberately distracting me. Why?"
"You lose your focus too easily, Reese. You can't let that happen to you in a trial."
"Where was I?"
"You were about to tell me that the gone-goose family hired your firm of Rink, Dink, Fink, and Twink to defend killer-by-horse."
"Right. They did. The prosecution had charged him with vehicular manslaughter." 
"A horse is a vehicle?"
"It is for this law. But, a vehicular manslaughter charge does not apply when the alleged incident happened on private property. Like I said, the gone-goose will testify that the horse bolted and he couldn't control it. The case will be thrown out of court."
"So, the gone-goose will be the goose-that-got-away."
"Right."
"How do you feel about that?"
"Nobody else in the firm knew about that exemption because it originated back in the 1800s when horses were commonplace. So it's good news, for me at least. I've been noticed. Because of me, he'll go free."
"But?"
"The guy is guilty of murder. He's getting off because his family is rich and can hire the best lawyers in London."
"He should be going to the quod."
"I won't be distracted this time."
"The quod is another British word for jail."
"How'd you know that?"
"I read a lot because I don't have much to do."
"Which is why I got my bright idea."
"What bright idea?"
"I considered whether or not I should tell my boss about the exemption. If I didn't say anything, the gone-goose would have become cooked-goose."
"But your goal is to find out how the rinky-dinky firm you're working for is breaking the laws. It puts you one step closer to that."
"But a criminal goes free. Then I thought of this idea. He won't go free if my very sneaky wife makes sure that he is caught for doing something else that is equally as bad and receives justice. It was like I had a Winnie-idea. You've complained that you don't have much to do."
"I do have time on my hands. I'd like that. Speaking of Winnie, why don't you enlist her help finding dirt on Rinky-Dinky?"
"Drones won't work. Too much is happening in that building for me to examine." 
"I was thinking she could hack into the computers of the four partners and give you access to them. If something nefarious was going on in that company, there might be evidence on those computers."
"She's usually busy."
"She hasn't been recently. We had a visit. She was bored to death."
"I'll message her."
 # # # # # # # #
On Earth, this day would be celebrated informally as a TGIF day, as in Thank Goodness It's Friday. On Cosmos, they didn't celebrate TGIF because they didn't have a Friday. They did have the concept of celebrating their last working day in the month. At least these four senior executives did. 
The president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer of the Cosmos were sitting in four comfortable armchairs in their private dining room. They had moved the armchairs so that they were sitting in an open square. A low table in the middle of the square held four bottles of musky brown liquid. Each executive has a glass in his hand and would refill that glass from time to time. With half of the liquid in the bottles now located elsewhere, one could predict that this convivial month end meeting was half over. There was no risk of staff entering the room. Most were on their way home. This was a time that they could relax and share observations and ideas that they didn't dare discuss on other busier days. 
"I heard that they found gold in Planet Panther."
"That could be a big help to them. I've heard that the planet may have some very rich deposits."
"They have some Cosmos experts helping them out with processing and advice."
"Lucifus is a partner, I hear. Isn't that the planet that has been so generous to you?"
"They're very anxious to upgrade their fleet of space ships, but nobody will trade with them because they're basically evil. I thought that this bias was contrary to the Cosmos ethos, so I may support them when they have sufficient wealth to add something more modern to their fleet."
"They'll be receiving a share of any gold that Planet Panther sells. How long before they'll have enough?"
"Hard to say. They only have one mine working right now."
"Did you arrange for them to receive Cosmos help?"
"No. That would be too risky. Whatever happens will happen because of the leadership of Planet Panther."
"You'll want to be careful with Kyty-Lytr. She has some ESP gifts."
"I'll have no interactions with anybody. Lucifus will take care of all of that."
"Lucifus has a bad reputation. I probably won't be able to agree to them acquiring an updated fleet."
"I won't either."
"Nor will I."
"Relax. You'll receive your share so long as I continue to receive a share of your private enterprises."
...
"Does anybody have any information about the new director from Planet Blue Skies?"
"She's female. That should tell you enough about her."
"I was thinking of information that she wouldn't want exposed."
"She's another female with ESP. Be very careful around her."
"Both her and the panther freak were on the tribunal with that planet that Lucifus is sponsoring. What's its name?"
"Hell. They're up against Heaven, which is sponsored by Angelion. The planet is called Earth. What's the new director's name?"
"Zale Zilia."
"It would be very helpful if that tribunal had made some serious mistakes that the Justice Ministry could uncover. We could get rid of her."
"I'll look into it."
...
"Somebody found out about Earwax and his unusual hobby of collecting patents."
"He was taking on too much risk. I'm not surprised he was caught. I warned him when he approached me for unofficial support. "
"I didn't touch his money."
"I didn't either. He was an idiot."
"I lost a bit, but nobody will ever find out."
 "We face more suspicion these days. Make sure that your secret businesses are well hidden. Angelion was a big loss for males. I tried to keep examiners away from them, but somebody found out and called in the Cops. One of your justices did a number on them."
"I've been watching her because she's the only female justice. She wasn't anywhere near the planet until a local cop called for help. It was her turn to take a case. I don't see her rigging the investigation."
"Try and find out how the guys on Angelion were discovered. We need to be aware of all potential threats." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Reese, I don't mind helping you with some hacks. I was planning to check on some drones that I had planted two weeks ago but that operation isn't going anywhere. This is better use of my time. I'd like to see you guys succeed."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

The first week of February was a little suspenseful for the hellcats. If Satin insisted that Lilith give him an answer on the deployment of the SSS into Hades, they would be short of time to prepare. So, Lilith didn't go into SinSin-atti for her meeting this week at all. She was banking on Satan not sending Grynch to escort her into Hell. She did have a sign erected in ToxiCity's PUS station announcing that devils could not enter their territory until they had repaired the damage they had caused to the green bean slide park. This proved to be unnecessary as no devils attempted to come back. She assumed that Satan was not adding any unnecessary fuel to the fire. In his mind, she would see the futility of defying him and cave. Meanwhile, Lilith directed the hellcats who worked in SinSin-atti to continue to go to work. 
Maddy/Minka was very busy. She scouted through the ruins of the slide park looking for possible weapons. It was a construction site, so she found plenty of 2x4 wood fragments, nails, and construction tools like shovels, pick axes and power drills. On their own, they were not weapons, but they could be made into weapons.
Four foot long 2x4s became thrusting weapons (pikes) when several nails were hammered into one end and the nail heads clipped off. The length of the pike meant that a devil would have to avoid the sharp nails jeopardizing his eyes before he could grab a hellcat. Put two or three hellcats together in a small triangle and they could hold off dozens of devils provided that they weren't outflanked. 
Longer 2x4s could serve as swinging weapons when nails were hammered all the way through the board from both sides. They became weapons no matter which way they were being swung. Saws and hammers became weapons if any devil could be knocked down and dragged away to a quiet spot. 
Once Maddy had weapons for her security team, she began training them in their use in hoof-to-claw combat. She didn't have the time to give them sophisticated skills, but she didn't care. She just wanted them to be angry and aggressive. In the final days of the week, she put them into pairs and showed them how to attack a devil in a confined space. One hellcat could be standing and thrusting with a pike, while the other was on her knees with a hammer trying to pulverize the devil's foot The hammer was a definite disabling threat and no devil would be bending over to try to grab the hammer wielder while the standing hellcat was thrusting at his eyes. 
For her part, Meghan had taken the power drills and tested them on a PUS tunnel. They worked just fine. 
 # # # # # # # #
While Maddy was scouting, Karita was doing the same. That's all part of planning an operation. You have to know the area first. In Karita's case, she had to know more about her target: the guy with the killing horse. His name was Beverly, which in England could be a male name. She followed him around for a couple of days. 
Beverly and his mother lived in the area overlooking Robin Hood's Bay, North Yorkshire. Alastair Wellington, Beverly's father, worked in London. Alastair had several reasons for working in London while his family was living in North Yorkshire. For example, it was easier to meet with his mistresses when his wife wasn't around. For another example, he was a business predator and the city had more prey. 
A small fishing village used to be in the Robin Hood's Bay area, but rising waters had covered that part of Yorkshire. The family estate was on higher ground and offered a great view of the North Sea. The whole area was now populated by wealthy men who worked in London but who wanted their families to experience country life for the entitled, meaning no riff-raff would be living nearby. A collection of estates fronted on the bay like diamonds on a diamond necklace. They extended well back into the interior, which provided riding trails for the horse crowd. It was on one of these trails that Rodney had murdered Anastasia. She was his neighbor. 
 Octavia, Alastair's wife, didn't mind being shunted off to the boonies. She wasn't much interested in sex with her husband any more, so she didn't mind at all that he wasn't around. She had fulfilled her part of pre-nuptial contract. She had produced a male heir. That gave her access to a healthy share Alastair's wealth. She preferred to live in the hinterlands where she didn't have to pretend to be blind to her husband's affairs. Instead, she gardened and she had a huge tableau of landscape to work with. Of course, gardening can be energetic work, and it's hard to do that in silk dresses. So, she hired young men to do the heavy lifting and digging and whatever. And from time to time, she'd help one of them shower away all that sweat and dirt. But only when Beverly wasn't there. The pre-nup had to be observed without anybody around to observe that it wasn't being observed. 
Alastair had another reason for moving Beverly out of London and into the estate house in the boonies. Beverly was generating quite the reputation in London among the young women of land and property. Soon or later, one of them would sink her hooks into him. Or, some of the gangsters of Gambling, Inc would sink their hooks into him for his incapacity to learn from experience. As in, he had to learn not to say 'hit me' when he was sitting on 18 in Black Jack, also known as 21. The only way to keep his son out of trouble was by exiling him to empty Yorkshire where nothing ever happened. He gave Beverly a horse, and a gross (a dozen-dozen) of prophylactics, which were not for the horse. He then went back to his prey and his mistresses. 
Beverly considered the Yorkshire home as an opportunity to compare the sexual tastes of the riff-raff of the country with the sexual tastes of the feminine nobility of London. He'd ride through one of the local villages, looking all lordly on his noble steed. When he saw a prey smile, he'd nod at her and they'd soon be off to a deserted part of the countryside. He always came prepared with a soft blanket. Of course, he had the other kind of preparedness in his saddlebags too because his father had warned him that all women would want to bed him for his wealth. They'd trick him into fathering a child and would require lots of money to be quiet. Or, he'd have to marry one of them. The father was speaking from experience. 
From time to time, one of his intended conquests might pretend not to be interested when they reached the deserted location, which he frequented frequently. If she wouldn't take money, he had other ways to convince her that she should oblige her liege. Threatening to force her to walk naked back to her village usually worked. He called it his Lady Godiva option. One time it didn't. But, Dad's money had got him out of trouble. Do you think Beverly learned from that? You're right. He didn't. 
After finding out all the things about Beverly that made him special, Karita had to think about how she could bring him to justice. He would have to be brought into court on charges that were similar to what he had escaped before. This time, the charges had to stick. She had something in mind, but more scouting was needed. 
Karita found an old abandoned potash mine north of Beverly's estate. Potash was a source of fertilizer that provided potassium, calcium, magnesium, and sulfur. According to Wikipedia, at one point the mine had produced half of the UK's output of potassium. The mine had been inactive for decades, but the tunnels remained, albeit behind signed fencing that warned that the mine could be dangerous and intruders could be prosecuted for trespassing. Those signs were weathered to the point where they were barely legible. The fencing sagged and, in places, could be easily stepped over. 
Perfect, Karita thought.
 # # # # # # # #
The two-week recuperation was now over and the ten miners had returned to Planet Panther, prepared to dig industriously for gold. Luna was waiting for them as they disembarked. "Line them up," she instructed the pilot who did as she ordered. 
Luna walked down the front of the line slowly, sniffing each of them. Then she repeated the sniff patrol but from behind the line. "You are male; they are all female," she told the pilot He probably knew that already. 
"Yes," he agreed.
"They are so tiny; you are so big. How can female and male devils mate?"
"Mining devil bodies are artificially small. They need to be small so that they can work in the narrow tunnels of the mine. The real bodies of female devils are larger."
"You can create artificial bodies of your species?"
"Yes, but as you know, we have to take care not to tire them out."
"They can go in the mine now."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

Second week of February. Satan sent Grynch into Hellette to deliver a message. Take the offer to invite the SSS to be your security or face the consequences. When Lilith sent Grynch back with a promise that she'd think about it some more, Satan fired all of the devilettes working in SinSin-atti and banned them from entering Hell again. That was what Lilith was waiting for. She sent messages to the mayors of the three Hades cities that the SSS would be invading Hades tomorrow or the next day. Minka pulled all of her security forces and began simulated battles. Winnie was there too, but she remained invisible. Two strangers would be too difficult to explain. 
Maddy's first priority was to set up a blockade half a mile before the PUS station in ToxiCity. This meant that their forces could be relieved or supported easily from the city. The SSS were a long way from their own support and reinforcements. This is simple warfare strategy. Ask Napoleon who decided to invade Russia in 1812 about distance to supplies. The Russians kept retreating (closer to their support and reinforcements) while the French kept advancing into Russia (further away from their support and reinforcements.) Guess who won. Hint. It wasn't Napoleon.
PUS cars have a locomotive on one end and a caboose on the other end. The number of passenger cars in any train is dictated by the number of devils living in the area that the PUS serves. Since Hades' cities were out in the periphery, generally the PUS trains hauled two passenger cars only. Since the tunnels were too narrow for two PUS trains to pass each other, the PUS train from SinSin-atti to ToxiCity left every hour on the hour. Then, it would reverse course. The locomotive went from pulling to pushing. Half an hour out, and half an hour back to SinSin-atti. The same train ran 24-hours a day. 
PUS service to the periphery was completely automated. No locomotive drivers were needed. Sensors in the stations took care of everything. The SinSin-atti station knew when to start the engines. The ToxiCity station sensed when the locomotive was approaching and stopped it in front of the station, waited two minutes, and sent the cars back to SinSin-atti. 
PUS had an admirable service record on this line. It had only one flaw. If anything went wrong, nobody was on the train to solve the problem. Of course, the non-arrival of the ToxiCity Express back in SinSin-atti would be noticed. But remedial action took time. First, they had to take a back up locomotive from storage and put it in the correct tunnel. Then, they had to add a car with technicians. One technician had to sit on the top of the locomotive with a strong light while another technician had to power the locomotive at quarter speed so that that they wouldn't crash into the scheduled car that somehow had broken down somewhere. They had no idea where the blockage had occurred or what had happened. What did this mean for Hades? The hellcats had plenty of time to prepare. 
 # # # # # # # #
Minka's first step went like this. When the scheduled 10:30 am PUS car arrived at ToxiCity, Lilith immediately clambered into the locomotive and pushed the emergency OFF button. Then, she began searching for the sensor in the cab; Minka was looking for the sensor in the caboose. Two hammer blows took care of those sensors. 
Hades' security forces then piled all the seats in the two cars with debris from the destroyed green bean slides. They left the aisle between the two sets of seats clear. When this was done, they climbed aboard with their weapons. Lilith backed the train up slowly and stopped about half a mile from the station. She uncoupled the locomotive and moved it back to the ToxiCity station. 
Their battle strategy here was tried and true. My readers may remember a similar strategy when a bean pole executed the strategy perfectly. [Tickled Pink, #12] The strategy first appeared in 480 BC. King Leonidas of Sparta found that a small military force could hold off a vastly superior force if that superior force had only one way to get past the defenders. In this case, the Spartans controlled a narrow pass between mountains and the sea and a small number of defenders were able to hold off an entire army from advancing into Greece – at least for a few days. That military action took place in The Battle of Thermopylae. 
In the Battle of ToxiCity, the small aisle in the PUS cars would serve as the only way for the SSS to get past the blockade. You may ask, what blockade? It's a tunnel. There's lots of space between the cars and the tunnel wall.
 Well, not so fast, Charlie. The tunnels weren't so wide as you think, and by the time the SSS arrived, that space was full of rocks that had been power drilled out of the walls. Nobody would be crawling through that. 
What about pushing the PUS cars forward past this artificial blockage? After all, they are empty. 
Well, not so fast, Charlie. The wheels were blocked from turning with rocks from the power drilling.
What about climbing over the top of the cars?
That would be a good idea, but they were covered with rocks power-drilled from the tunnel ceiling. Remember, the tunnels were only slightly higher than the cars. 
The SSS will simply walk from one car to the next in the aisle that had been left open. They were connected after all.
Right. They were. And the first SSS devil would reach the front of the disabled train and step through the passageway that was ONE devil-wide. 
 # # # # # # # #
The carload of technicians arrived on the scene the next morning to find the tunnel blocked as described above. On they way, they had passed crude signs warning as follows: You are now in Hades. And then: No devils are allowed in Hades unless you're here to repair the damage you caused. And then the final warning: Retreat or face the consequences. 
The technicians retreated back to SinSin-atti. 
The battle of ToxiCity began at about 3:30 that same day. Winnie was serving as an advance scout and messaged Minka that two carloads of SSS were on their way. Minka circulated through her troops, encouraging them and reminding them that they were all fearsome warriors. "The enemy will see you and flee. You'll see."
The locomotive pulling Hell's troops went right by the warning signs and stopped in front of the blockade. The technicians had described what they had seen, so the SSS stepped into the last car of the empty train and advanced to the front of the front car. The first devil hesitated at what he saw facing him. A miniature devil. You know her as Maddy, who had studied ancient battles when she was living in a military camp. 
Of course, she was not alone. She was the first hellcat they had to get by. Flanking her, were hellcats with thrusting pikes. Lilith was also included in this first wall of defense, but she carried no weapon. The second line of defense featured hellcats armed with construction tools that could hurt somebody if they weren't used properly. 
Here's how the battle went.
SSS#1 leapt out of the car and was on the ground seconds later, stunned by Minka's blow. Lilith stepped forward, lifted him over her head and tossed him in the air over the first line of defense. He landed with a thump on the PUS rails and was immobilized by three hellcats while he was still hunting for his breath. 
SSS#2 came out more cautiously. He lasted a few seconds more. Lilith, etc. 
SSS#3 tried to avoid Minka by leaping sideways. Two pikes thrusting at his eyes welcomed him. He turtled. Lilith, etc. 
SSS#4 and #5 tried to crowd together on the car step. They got in each other's way more than they should have. #4 leaped out at Minka expecting #5 to jump simultaneously. Minka put an elbow into this throat and followed that up with the other elbow into his face and breaking his snout. Lilith, etc. Keep in mind that the SSS had no weapons. They were counting on brute strength to prevail over timid devilettes. 
The SSS's desire to jump out of the cart dissipated when they heard screams from the devils with the broken snouts. Meanwhile, devils in the front car were relaying what they were hearing back to the devils waiting in line. The pressure to jump out of the car deflated like a pierced balloon. Lilith took the lack of new victims to climb up to the car and step in. Minka followed with a pike.
"Be quiet and listen," Lilith ordered the SSS troops. 
Minka put the end of a pike (a 2x4 with numerous nail points) into the throat of the first in line. That accelerated the listening. 
"We have five of you on the ground where you can't get to them. They are bound so that they can't escape. They are not gagged. The sound you will hear soon is the sound of power drillers that we used to penetrate the walls and ceiling of this tunnel."
Minka stepped back and waved at her security forces. Lilith paused. The power drillers revved up noticeably and then stopped when Minka waved again.
"We warned you to stay out of our territory unless you came to repair the damage you caused. You couldn't have missed those signs. The drill bits of our power drillers will now be placed against the bodies of our prisoners. Let's see how devil scales cope with power drillers." Turning to Minka, she said, "Feet."
Minka leaned out and yelled, "Prepare to shatter the bones in their feet."
The power drillers revved up again, and this time that noise was accompanied by shrieks of fear from the awesome SSS troops.
Minka waved again and Lilith continued.
"This is how we will treat any invading SSS force in the future. You will lose the use of your feet, or your arms, or perhaps your eyes. You have one minute to leave these two PUS cars. If you do not obey, we will use the power drillers. Your minute starts now."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

The second week of February was a week of waiting. 
In Hades, they were waiting for Satan to respond to the results of the battle. They kept a small force at the blockade, while Minka trained her forces. By mid-week, it was becoming clear that Satan would not be responding. 
"He won't be in any rush," Winnie predicted. "Every week he waits is another week where you don't have any revenue." 
"Meanwhile, afterlife in Hell goes on as normal," Lilith groused. "They're not being affected at all."
"That will come later," Winnie reminded. "In this war, we must wait for Satan to make the first moves."
"The hellcats are getting bored. Maddy is training her forces for something that will never happen. We agreed that the SSS wouldn't do a full-scale attack through PUS. We should be doing something more constructive."
"I agree. I'll take Maddy into Hell and we'll prepare for what will come next."
"Are you sure you can predict how he'll respond."
"Yeah. It's obvious. Plus, I want to look for Hell's portal to the Cops' spaceship. You may need it."
"What's it look like?"
"I only know how to use the one in Heaven. It doesn't look like anything."
"How will you find it then?"
"Heaven has it hidden in a spot that Hell doesn't know could exist. I'm hoping that their portal is guarded and I'll see the guards. Plus, I want to see how the sewer plasticification is going."
"You're bored."
"Yup."
"Tell me that you won't sneak into the Black House."
...
"Winnie, tell me that you won't sneak into the Black House."
"I won't, but some day I want to see it."
"After the women take over Hell, I'll give you for a tour."
"You should take that attitude and inspire your troops. Give them something to do while we're waiting."
"Like what?"
"How about some team bonding activities. You have three cities. Make up some competitions."
"They could invent the competitions. I like it."
"I'll collect Maddy and we'll leave now. Mind message me if you need us back." 
 # # # # # # # #
Karita had to wait for the weekend so that Reese could time-travel with her. She wanted to see exactly what Beverly did on the day of the murder. "He usually rode into town between 1:00 and 1:30 pm," Karita shared. "We'll follow him."
"What are you doing?"
"I'll record it."
"We'll never get the recording into a court of law."
"We'll get it into the court of Karita. We're going to bend the law, Reese. Can you do that now that you're a lawyer? I can ask Maddy to TiTr with me if you can't."
"I can do it."
"We'll land on the roof of the church and then follow him with our slings. It gives us a good view."
"I want to arrive at 12:50."
"Alright. Set your helmet two feet about the roof and enter the coordinates I gave you. I'll be on the other side of the church roof."
 # # # # # # # #
"Who is this girl?" Karita asked.
"I don't know. No girl was mentioned in the trial other than Anastasia." 
"Let's move closer. We can't hear them talking from here."
...
"Trudy is her name," Karita said. "She's flirting with him."
"She looks kind of young."
"I'd guess 14. Age doesn't mean anything to Beverly. What's the legal age for having consensual sex in the UK, Reese?"
"Eighteen."
"No way is she 18." 
"She didn't have any trouble climbing up on his horse," Reese observed.
"This is horse country. She looked around first to check if anybody was watching."
"He was looking too. For witnesses. Nothing came up in the trial about a tryst with an underage girl."
"How old is he?"
"Twenty-one. It looks like he knows where he's going."
"He's done this many times. He'll look for a place with a good view. They'll admire the view. Then, he'll move in."
 # # # # # # # #
I guess that was enough with the view.
She's not resisting, Karita.
You should close your eyes.
I am an officer of the court. It is my sworn duty to keep my eyes open.
If you ogle, I'm going to clock you.
...
That top came off easily enough.
She's wearing a bra.
Now she isn't.
...
Do I see trouble in underage girl land? [Karita].
He's trying to unfasten her jeans.
She's pushing his hand away.
...
Now she's sitting up.
I'm moving closer to hear what she's saying, Reese. You stay here and check the sky. Let me know if it's going to rain.
It's not going to rain.
Reese, you know how you get when you see bullies. Stay here and do nothing! You can't stop this from happening. We can't change the past.
...
He's calling her a bunch of nasty names. She's returning the favor. [Karita]
...
She's saying that she's going home and telling him to let go of her hands.
This is not good, Karita.
Stay where you are, Reese. We can't interfere.
...
That must have hurt.
Her nose is gushing blood. She's fighting to stand up. Turn around Reese. I'll tell you when you can look.
...
It's over. He has her blood all over his shirt.
Karita, look up on the ridgeline.
Horse and rider?
Yes. I'll confirm who the rider is.
You think it's Anastasia?
Hang on.
...
It was Anastasia. She saw the end of it.
That's why she had to die.
Did you record everything?
Yes.
I would have gotten distracted.
I know. What law did he just break?
Aggravated rape with a minor. That comes with a long jail sentence.
Would Rinky-Dinky have taken his case if they knew what had just happened? Would they have been able to get him acquitted?
They would have taken his case because they don't turn their back on receiving big fees. But they would have lost that case. She would have been a compelling witness. Plus, he has a reputation for consorting with village girls. The defense would have had no trouble rounding up other girls to testify. 
But it never came to a court because he gave her a saddlebag full of money and told her that she'd get more if she behaved. He came prepared.
That's bribery to interfere with a high crime. It would mean even more jail time.
He's riding away. She's walking back to the village with the saddlebag. We need to follow him. He's going to murder Anastasia now. Can you tune this out, Reese? 
No, I can't. I'll meet you back at the church roof.
 # # # # # # # #
"Is it over?"
"Yes. Her horse was limping and she was walking it. She saw him when he tried to sneak into his estate. She told him that she had seen the rape and the pay off. She told him that she had snapped a picture of him with the bloody shirt and told him she'd be going to the police station in town on another horse. She turned away from him and continued to walk her horse towards her estate. He watched her. Then he put his heels into his horse's flanks and charged at her. She was a good 50 metres away. She heard him coming but froze. He kept on kicking his horse to go faster and it hit her straight on. The horse put a hoof into her face."
"You taped it all?"
"Yes."
"Are you OK, Karita?"
"Not now, but I will be when we get this guy."
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 14 

It's one week later. If you're keeping track, it's the third week of February. 
# # # # # # # #
Winnie had drones in the PUS tunnel leading into Toxicity. That meant that the barricade was guarded when Grynch stepped out of the PUS train that had brought him from SinSin-atti. No SSS followed him. He approached the caboose and climbed aboard. Lilith was standing, arms crossed, when he looked out of the front car. She said nothing. He said nothing, but he did notice the weaponry of the devilettes standing with her. He turned and walked back to the caboose. 
Grynch's next step was to examine the debris that filled the tunnel outside the car. Then, he climbed up to the top and peered down the tunnel. It was full of obstacles. He didn't look at the other side; it would be the same.
Last, Grynch knelt down on the track by the caboose and peered underneath. Frowning, he sat up, pulled a bright light out of a rucksack hanging on his shoulder and knelt down again. The light was now sufficient for him to see the big rocks behind the wheels that would stop the caboose from being pushed forward. There wasn't sufficient space underneath the caboose for him to crawl forward and push the rocks away. He returned to the train that had brought him and he and the train disappeared.
Meghan, do you want me to follow him in? [Winnie]
No. He'll report to Satan and you're not going in the Black House, remember? Besides, he knows that an assault through the tunnels will not work. Nor can he sneak up on us. They won't be coming at us this way. 
Agreed. Are the hellcats ready?
They're in a fantastic mood. I was planning to invite you to participate in the singing competition, but Maddy talked me out of it. Apparently, you can't sing.
I use it as a torture device.
Maddy has a great voice. I never expected that from her. She's really bonding with her security forces. When can we expect Satan's next step?
Next week, I think. If not then, the following week for sure.
Will you be here?
Yeah. Reese and Karita have an operation on the go, but I checked and they won't need me for that. Karita has it well in hand.
# # # # # # # #
"Captain, I had two complaints today about kids fooling around by that old abandoned potash mine. Both citizens claimed that nothing was stopping them from going into the mine tunnels."
"Did you get the names of the callers, Sergeant?"
"No. They ended the call before I could ask."
"Send somebody up tomorrow."
"I already did, Captain. Those tunnels go a long way back and they split and go in different directions. It would be dangerous."
"Sounds like you have been in those tunnels."
"I was when I was a lad. I went in as part of a dare game. That wasn't particularly smart on my part."
"Do we have a problem up there?"
"Yeah, we do. The security fence has collapsed. Murphy found multiple foot prints outside the mine entrance but nothing into the mine yet."
"Yet?"
"They'll need some time to work up the courage. At least, I did."
"How old were you?"
"Ten."
"The footprints outside the mine?"
"About that age, Sir."
"Let's repair that fence."
"Beggin' your pardon, Sir, but a fence isn't going stop those boys even if it's fixed. They can climb over it easily. We need to find those boys and have a word with them and their parents. I was thinking that a hidden camera would help with that."
"That's a good idea, Sergeant. What made you think of that?"
"I dunno, Captain. The idea just came to me out of the blue." 
"Let's get on top of it before we have an accident."
"I know a security shop in Hawsker, Sir. Shall I go now?"
"Yes. I can remember being 10 years old too."
# # # # # # # #
The devil miners in Planet Panther had been working for two weeks now and they were due for their two weeks off. The pilot landed his lifeboat, nodded at Luna, and called the crew out of the mine. They must have been waiting because they came out quickly and formed a line. The pilot ran his sensor around each body with no objections from the sensor. The miners turned to enter the lifeboat.
"Stop!" Luna ordered and then slowly conducted her own smell test. Apparently satisfied, she nodded at the pilot and the miners trooped into the lifeboat. She watched them leave. 
Why did they smell scared? They weren't scared when I smelled them two weeks ago. 
....
Why was the pilot scared too?
...
Something is wrong.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

It's one week later. 
# # # # # # # #
"You're sure that the miners showed no fear when they started work, Luna?"
"I'm sure."
"Why'd you smell them anyways?" Double-Ought asked. Only the three of them were meeting. Conspiracy was in his kennel. Kyty-Lytr didn't want to hear about Luna's important discovery until they were sure to be alone.
"I was curious. The pilot was obviously male. The miners looked to be female. I smelled them to be sure they were. I smelled him too. He was male. I asked him how the species could mate with their sizes so different."
"You are so obsessed about sex!"
"I'm not. I'm curious. I ask questions. That's better than screeching into the night air."
"I was clearing my throat."
"You were looking for a sex partner. Any partner."
"Enough. It's a legitimate question. How do they mate?"
"These miners don't. They are wearing small artificial bodies that can go into small tunnels. Real female devils are bigger."
"Did you believe him?"
"Yes, but I did wonder why all of the miners were female. It looks like mining is a tough job. Why do females get all the hard work and the male devils don't."
"Here she goes again. Everything is a conspiracy against females. Males have it in for you. You're so predictable. Females and males are treated equally. It's part of the Cosmos constitution."
"Not always," Kyty-Lytr said. "I'm on the Justice Ministry's communications network where they announce results of inquiries. A planet called Angelion lost its Cosmos status because they weren't treating their genders equally. What they were doing was criminal, not just misogynistic." 
"What's misogynistic," Double-Ought asked.
"It's when males hate females for irrational reasons," Kyty replied.
"I told you there was a conspiracy against females," Luna attacked. "They wouldn't have given it a name if it didn't exist. I was right."
Double-Ought couldn't let that one slide. "You weren't right. According to that definition, hating females for rational reasons is alright."
"What rational reasons would men have to hate women?"
"Let's not go there," Kyty cautioned. "Luna found out what female mining devils smelled like and what male devils smell like. They have different smells."
"Yes. I smelled everything about them. They had no fear."
"All of them?"
"Yes, even the pilot."
"Are you sure?" Double-Ought wanted to check. 
"Of course, I'm sure. It's an easy smell to register." 
"And now, two weeks later, they are afraid of you."
"Yes. The pilot too."
"That doesn't make any sense," Double-Ought said. "You weren't going to harm them, were you?"
"I wasn't being growly. They had no reason to be fearful."
"Luna is growly in the mornings before she sips her cat-nip," Double-Ought explained to Kyty. "You don't want to be around her."
"Could they have been fearful of leaving the planet?" Kyty asked.
"They've been in space ships before."
"Could they be fearful of where they were going?" Kyty pursued that line.
"They were going back to Lucifus where they would have two weeks off."
"That's what we think was going to happen," Kyty said. "But we don't know that it did happen because Double-Ought let them meet without him."
"Way to go, brother."
"Could they be swallowing the nuggets?" Kyty asked. "We were warned about that."
"If so, the pilot would have to be part of it." Double-Ought again.
"Have you seen those nuggets?" Luna asked. "They have sharp, pointy edges. They'd rip their intestines out. Besides, the sensor would detect the metal. That's why we have it."
"Could the pilot have turned it off?"
"Possibly inside the life boat, but if he did, why was he fearful?"
...
"We can't do anything about this now. But, Luna is right. Something is wrong. Do you agree, Double-Ought?"
"Yes," he said.
"That must have hurt."
"When they return, each of us can check their smells to confirm when they arrive."
"That will warn them, Kyty," Luna cautioned. "If they're smuggling, they'll stop. We want to catch them in the act." 
"One smeller only, then."
"I'll smell them. I have the better sniffer."
"In your dreams. I can out smell you any time, any place."
"You do smell a lot."
"As if you don't have a musty odor."
"It's part of my sex appeal."
"You have no appeal. Where'd Kyty go?"
"Beats me."
# # # # # # # #
"I'll do it," Karita said. "I'm lighter than you."
"I'll do it," Reese rejected. "He'll believe me more than he'll believe you."
"Women can't be criminals? Are you sure you want to go there?"
"This has nothing to with genders and criminals. It has everything to do with Beverly and what he's like. I won't let him do that to you."
"I know how to go away. I did it for years."
"It doesn't matter if you're there emotionally or not. Nobody touches you when you can't defend yourself, Karita. You have no idea how dark this guy's colours are now that he has murdered."
"I agree that he might take liberties. I'll take the other role. I'm better at it than you."
"In your dreams."
"You are being very dreamy right now with your assertiveness."
"Are you trying to change my mind? I won't lose my focus."
"I wasn't trying to change your mind. I was trying to suggest that a little delay in starting the operation might become enjoyable for both of us."
"If I agree, you'll say I got'cha. So, I'm not going to agree to that.
"I've been hoisted on my own petard."
"What?"
"It's from Shakespeare. It means you're too manly for me to resist." 
[That translation is not even close. Karita really did want to have a little break, but her efforts to help Reese learn to focus had backfired on her.] 
"Let's stay focused, shall we, Karita?"
[Burn. Another example of petard hoisting.]
# # # # # # # #
"Hey, Mac. I have a picture you should look at."
"Tell me you're not selling pictures of nekkid wom'n," Beverly replied to the runty, smelly creature blocking his horse's way through the village. 
In the rehearsal, Reese had liked the idea of a Scotsman wearing tartan cap. They were considered as undesirable vagrants in this area of the UK. His attempt to duplicate the accent had Karita rolling around on the ground in laughter. They kept the cap, but Reese compromised with a body that would be frowned on without him having to fake an accent. Runty was important. Karita washed his hair with liquor and that took care of the smell.
"It's not a picture of nekkid wom'n," the runt replied. "It's a picture of you. I'm off to the police station. I'm hoping for a big reward." Reese had said the magic word: police.
"Show me."
Reese rifled through a saddlebag that was remarkably similar to the one that was on Beverly's horse. 
"So many pictures to choose from. Let's see. I like this one."
Reese held out a picture for Beverly to see from a distance. "The blood on your shirt calls out for an arrest, don't you think? I printed off a lot more from a tape that I made. You gave Trudy a lot of money from this saddlebag. I figure a tape of you raping her would be worth a reward too."
Beverly said nothing. He was looking for a solution but wasn't finding anything. The girl must have told this creature what had happened. 
Karita began to plant ideas in Beverly's mind. 
The old potassium mine will be deserted. 
...
He's a runt. 
... 
[Narrator: You'll notice that Karita was not suggesting anything nefarious. She was merely sending Beverly some facts].
"I'll talk with you, but not here. I'll meet you by the old potassium mine. It will be deserted."
"That's so far away. It's easier if I just turn you in."
"But it won't be as rewarding."
"What do you have in the other saddle bag?"
Beverly lifted the saddlebag and raised the flap so that Reese could see some of the contents. 
"That's only enough for a down payment."
"You'll get this and more at the mine."
# # # # # # # #
Beverly made the appointment for one hour because he wanted time to look at the mine site. He had heard about it, but had never been inside. He looped the reins of his horse several times over the wire fence and climbed over. He saw some footprints around the fencing. It looked like it had been repaired with some new wires. Everything also about the mine said abandoned. Perhaps a walk around inside would be prudent. He took the saddlebag with him.
# # # # # # # #
Reese was trudging along the approach road to the mine when Beverly came out into the sunshine. He put the saddlebag on the ground in front of the mine entrance and sat on it. Five minutes later, Reese joined him with his own saddlebag, put it on the ground, and sat on it.
"How'd you get the pictures?"
"That doesn't matter. What matters is that I have picture of you raping an underage girl named Trudy."
Reese was enunciating clearly. Beverly didn't notice.
"Pictures can be fabricated."
"That rape wasn't fabricated."
"It was consensual."
"Did she consent to you punching her in nose and ripping of her clothes?"
"Some girls like it rough. She was quick enough to take the money. The family wanted more. My dad fixed it. They won't say anything. You have nothing."
"How will you fix me? I have a tape of the whole thing including you riding away from her and her bloody nose. That was her blood on your shirt."
"I burned the shirt."
"Doesn't matter. When I make this public, the family will be pressured to tell the truth. They'll make a deal with the prosecutor: The girl will give a full statement of what happened in exchange for a free pass for her and her family on any potential charges of obstructing justice by taking a bribe."
"Sounds like you know your way around the law."
[Oops.] 
"I've been on the receiving end enough times to know how the game is played."
[Good recovery, Reese.]
"Let's say hypothetically that I wanted to donate money to your favorite charity. Would that work for you?"
"A monthly donation that is way bigger than what's in this saddle bag might. You'll have to bring in your dad, boyo."
"What do we get in return?"
"One picture every month."
"We'll want the whole tape."
"That's never going to happen. I'll need it to print off more pictures for you to buy."
"You'll blackmail me for life?"
"Of course. Would you prefer to be in jail for life?"
"OK. I'll make the initial payment now. My dad's lawyers will work out the payment schedule with you."
"Have his lawyers done that before?"
"Yeah." Beverly stood up and lifted the saddlebag. "Do you want this or not?"
"Yeah. Reese was half way standing up when Beverly swung the saddlebag at Reese's head. Reese collapsed to the ground and did not move.
Beverly opened the flap of the saddlebag, removed a big rock, and threw it away. "Idiot!" He then hoisted the runt onto his left shoulder and disappeared into the mine.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 16

First week of April, and that meant that the gold miners returned to their work this week. Luna was there when they stepped out of the lifeboat. She was partially blocking the exit so the miners had to step sideways to get out. Nobody patted her head and said, Nice Kitty. She looked at each of them closely and inhaled as they went by. No fear. The pilot had no fear either. Afterwards, she reported her findings to her brother and Kyty.
 # # # # # # # #
Satan decided to act this week by cutting off all supplies of green bean soup to Hades. Winnie had a short meeting with Meghan and Maddy. 
"As expected," she said. "You know how to reply. Wait a few days so that it appears we were unprepared. Reply lightly. He's not finished yet."
"Will you be here to help?"
"For this week. After that, I have to take a short trip. If I'm not back when he increases the pressure, you know what to do. Hit him hard. He has to learn that we won't give in to him."
 # # # # # # # #
"I want my lawyer." 
"Mr. Beverly Hillbilly Wellington: As I've told you already, you can have a court appointed lawyer." [Apparently this aristocratic family had American roots. Probably in California.] 
The woman who said that mouthful was a lawyer in the London firm of Snakeskin, Buckskin, Moleskin and Rumpelstiltskin. They were prosecutors and looked down on the firm of Rink, Dink, Fink, and Twink. Short surnames were so déclassé. 
"I want the rinky-dinks to be my lawyers."
"You can't have them. The firm is being investigated for aiding and abetting the bribery of a young woman who you appear to have raped."
"I want my dad then." 
"He's the one who allegedly bribed the woman. In case you've forgotten, you're the one who allegedly raped her. Your most recent victim has come forward and has promised to tell all."
"In exchange, will she and her family not be charged for accepting a bribe?"
"Yes. You should resign yourself to a lengthy sentence. You may face other charges of sexual assault from other underage girls in your local village. But, that's not the serious charge that we'll be talking about today."
"What's that charge?"
"Premeditated murder."
"I'm innocent."
"Were you aware that the local constabulary installed a security camera overlooking the entrance to the old potassium mine outside the village? They were concerned about young boys going into the mine and being hurt. The explosion in the mine caused them to examine the hard drive on that camera."
"A camera?"
"Yes. You had a conversation with a man wearing a tartan cap. What was his name?"
"He never gave it."
"Why were you meeting him?"
"He was trying to blackmail me."
"That would be blackmailing you so that nobody would know of your rape of an underage girl."
"I'm innocent."
"Then why'd you agree to pay him every month for the rest of your life?"
"He had fabricated some pictures of me and some girl."
"We examined those pictures and the tape. You had them in one of your saddlebags when you were arrested. That tape is genuine. It will receive a lot of interest in your first trial where you were charged with killing your neighbour."
"I was found not guilty of that."
"Because of a technicality. Let's talk about the security camera watching the mine site. It recorded you hitting the man with the tartan cape in the head. He fell to the ground immediately and didn't move. What did you do next, Mr. Wellington?"
"I don't remember."
"Allow me to refresh your memory. You took a rock out of the saddlebag you used to knock him down and threw it away. Obviously, you had planned to do that in advance. Premeditation adds years to a sentence."
"I..."
"I know. You're a rock collector and forgot all about it. What did you do next?"
...
Do you see how she's ripping him apart, Reese? He doesn't have a chance to think.
I should be less longwinded?
I wouldn't call you long-winded.
Unfocused then?
'Fraid so. You should apply for a position in her firm. They're prosecutors. That's where you belong. Your old firm will be going out of business soon.
Which fancy name is she?
She's not one of the partners, but she is one of their best prosecutors. 
And you know this because you had time to research her?
I did.
And you knew that Beverly would attack me with a rock in his saddlebag.
He had no other choice. He couldn't beat you in a fair fight.
That's why you brought your pillow and sat invisibly next to me and cushioned the blow.
I didn't tell you before because the tape had to show you being surprised. 
It worked. 
You were an excellent corpse. Beverly is going to talk again.
... 
"I don't remember what I did next. I think I was suffering from sunstroke."
"After being in a dark mine for almost an hour? Here's what the tape shows. You carried him into the mine. You were gone for ten minutes. When you came out, you loaded your saddlebag and his saddlebag onto your horse. That's when the mine blew up. You planted a bomb in that mine and killed that man."
"I didn't plant a bomb. When would I have done that?"
"You planted a bomb when you scouted the mine before your victim arrived. It was in your saddlebag." 
I don't know anything about bombs. I took the saddlebag with me so that it wouldn't be stolen. You can't prove that I planted a bomb."
"You're right. We can't. We don't have to. You put a dead, or badly injured man into that mine. You wouldn't have left him free to come out after you left. That was too risky. You disabled him or killed him. You used the bomb to make it impossible for us to find the body. We don't need the body. He didn't come out of that mine before the bomb exploded. He would have had to be invisible. Therefore, he's dead and you killed him directly or indirectly."
"I'm innocent."
"Just like you're innocent for killing your neighbor with a horse? Your lawyers are crooks and they got you off. They won't get you off this time. They'll be focusing on defending themselves against abetting bribery charges."
I like her.
Her name is Fiona Stewart.
How'd you blow the mine up?
I read a lot, Reese. Stewart's firm is looking for somebody who's knowledgeable about corporate monopolies. They have a nice little cubicle waiting for you.
I studied corporate monopolies.
Study some more. She interviews prospective employees like she interrogates suspects.
 # # # # # # # #
On Wednesday a piece of pipe carrying green bean soup broke away from the tunnel ceiling that was holding it up out of the way. The part of the pipe that was still intact at the ceiling keep pumping soup, only this time, it was pumping soup into the tunnel and flooding it. Maintenance devils had to find the cut-off valve that would stop the pumping and then repair the broken link. That took a long time. Evidence of how the pipe broke was left at the scene. It was clearly not an accident. Somebody had thrown up a long piece of rope so that it looped over the top of the pipe. That somebody tied the ends together and pulled the green bean soup pipe down. Nobody even conceived of the idea that three invisible angels might have been broken the pipe by jumping on it.
On Thursday, a piece of a pipe carrying green bean soup fell down in another part of SinSin-atti.
On Friday, tunnel maintenance devils were busy again. 
There was no sabotage on the weekend. Coincidentally, Winnie left to check her drones in Planet Cosmos
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

Narrator: It's the second week of April and we're with Winnie in the Cosmos complex now. It's been seven chapters since you last saw her here, so perhaps I should refresh your memory of the key developments in the Cosmos plot line.
The only way that Winnie could get in and out of the complex was by hitching a ride on somebody's head. Movement inside the complex was tricky. Again, she had to hitch rides from one spoke of the complex to another. If she waited for everybody to go home, she could go anywhere she wanted in the form of a shoulder demon.
Winnie was in the complex so that she could learn about the four executive members. There wasn't any imminent reason for that interest, but she did think that if she picked up some dirt on the executives, that might come in handy later on. She managed to hack into all four computers but found nothing valuable. She did know what the executives looked like and what their home planet was from information in the executive's last annual report.
She left the complex with one possible development that she might follow. That would be the voice-activated drone in the executive's private dining room. That bug had been of no value when she had been there before. She did plan on returning to monitor the drone, but was sidetracked and missed the recording of Friday meeting at the end of January. It was in these month end meetings when the executive would unwind and share. You've already heard about that meeting. Winnie is about to listen to the drone's tape of it now. I'll give you her thoughts so that you don't have to read the same conversations twice. 
 # # # # # # # #
Planet Panther discovered gold. Imagine that. Kyty-Lytr will like that. They're collaborating with Lucifus. Being a partner with Lucifus could be dangerous. Whoa. Lucifus has been generous to the president. That must mean bribes. He's basically admitting that. The president will support them if they want to bring their starship fleet up to standard. But Ganger said that the Cosmos didn't want Lucifus to improve their fleet. They are trying to keep them contained. Now, I see that the president has accepted bribes to support them when the Cosmos is opposed. I've got him! I can't prove it in a court of law, but I know now that he's dirty. 
...
The president has warned the other three to be careful around Kyty-Lytr because of her ESP. That must mean that they have something to hide from her.
...
The other three executives have just pressured the president to give them a share of the bribes. They are all dirty. The way he said that they'd get their share indicated that this four way sharing is common. That means there's more to be found than the Lucifus bribes.
...
Here are more indications that they are dirty. They have to be careful around Zale. They're concerned about her being a director.
... 
They talked about Zale and Kyty being on the same tribunal that looked at Hell. They plan to look for a way to stop both of them from serving on tribunals. The vice-president is the one in the charge of the Justice Ministry and he's planning to look at that tribunal's rulings. He'll remove them if he can. Lots of misogyny here. No surprise. 
...
The treasurer took a bribe from Earwax. Probably to overlook his patent hacking. 
...
WHAT! Each of them has secret businesses! They're not only taking bribes. They're operating businesses when it's illegal for them to have anything to do with businesses in their home planet. They're vulnerable here.
...
The secretary tried to keep Cosmos examiners from discovering what the Angelion men were doing to their women. THE COSMOS EXECTIVE KNEW!
...
The vice-president has been watching Justice because she's female. She's safe because it was her turn to take the Angelion case. I should warn her that he's watching her. She probably knows. 
...
The vice-president will try to find out how the Angelions were caught. They want to be aware of all possible threats. But I remember that Justice didn't mention my name in her ruling. She just said that a woman from Heaven discovered the cure. That shouldn't be a problem for me. 
 # # # # # # # #
 Narrator: Winnie was tempted to fast forward to the next month end meeting, but search the daily tapes instead. She knew that she would need every bit of dirt on these four and didn't want to miss anything by being lazy. She didn't find anything. 
 # # # # # # # #
Narrator: Winnie is now looking at the tape for last day of February. Most of the meeting was unproductive, at least to anybody that knew they were misogynistic. There was something said about bald heads being particularly alluring, but Winnie didn't see how she could use that. Here's one snippet of conversation that Winnie wrote down.
 Vice President: "I studied the transcripts of the tribunal that was looking at a Devil named Berith and his efforts to kill some mermaids who were going to help earthlings recover the use of their oceans. The tribunal ruled that the Heaven/Hell treaty had been violated numerous time and they applied sanctions to Hell. Satan was implicated but the tribunal didn't act on that. They did act on evidence that Hell was in gross violation of the Cosmos' standards that women are expected to have their share of placements within the bureaucracy and have equal opportunity for advancement."
 President: "Were the accusations accurate?"
Vice President: "On the mermaids and the oceans, yes. On the Cosmo's standard for females, yes as well. Two females were on the tribunal, but that didn't affect anything. Hell has ridiculous leadership and they deserved what they got. I could question the severity of the sanctions, but both of those females have credibility in the Cosmos. The panther leader takes convicted felons and tries to rehabilitate them. We won't get anywhere going after that particular tribunal."
 # # # # # # # #
Narrator; Here's another snipped of conversation. This one grabbed Winnie's attention and wouldn't let go.
Vice President: "You asked me to look into the Angelion case. I sent an envoy to do a follow up to the investigation to see if the sanctions were being followed. This is not unusual. I asked him to determine how the elite had been caught. I also required him to report anything unusual." 
Secretary: "And?"
Vice-President: "Somebody lodged a formal complaint backed up by evidence that young females were being raped. That complaint went to the cop who is looking after the Heaven/Hell treaty. He has no real authority in that region of the Cosmos but served as an investigator. It is unlikely that the evidence came from Angelion. During the time period before the investigation, angels from Heaven were on the planet."
"One such angel was the captain of a Heaven space ship that destroyed four Angelion spaceships in a war game. That captain was a female. No female had ever been a starship captain before."
"During the public announcements of the investigation, the planet heard that an angel from Heaven had discovered a cure for what the Angelion females referred to as a curse. This curse allowed the elite males to enjoy their raffle. That person was referred to only as a female angel. This female apparently destroyed the planet's history of successful male dominance."
"The envoy attempted to find the female's identity through the new president – a former military man. He was most reluctant to answer any questions about what had happened in the past. He bristled when the envoy asked questions and stated repeatedly that the planet was on target to be re-accredited in the Cosmos." 
Treasurer: "Would you think that the president was unwilling to divulge her identity?"
Vice President: "Personally, I would. My envoy was unwilling to press for the information. It is not something that we would normally ask." 
President: "It should be easy to get that information. Simply ask the Justice who the key people were."
Vice President: "I could do that, but I thought we should have a discussion first."
Secretary: "Why?"
"The CEO of Heaven is a female. A dangerous space ship captain from Heaven is a female. A curse-solving scientist of some kind from Heaven is a female. And the justice who adjudicated the investigation was a female."
President: "That's the justice you've been watching. What's her name?"
Vice President: "She calls herself Justice."
President: "That sounds like she's trying to hide her name or her origin. You have four females involved in one of our worst defeats. That can't be a coincidence. We need to know the name of the female that cured the curse. She seems to be key. Why else would the Angelion president be reluctant to reveal her? With a name, we can track her. Bring the Justice person home and find out who that angel was. Put her under the truth ray. Find out if the two of them have been working together on other projects that we don't know about."
Vice President: "I'll do that. I'm allowed do perform random spot checks on our traveling staff to ensure that they haven't been compromised. I don't have to give any warning."
Treasurer: "Where is she now?"
Vice President: "On an operation. I'll detain her for questioning when she returns to hand in her report."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 18

Winnie had to wait until she could leave the Cosmos complex building safely before dealing with the vice president's news. She didn't want to take that chance of being detected with a call directly to Justice.
"Ganger."
"Doppel."
"We have a problem. Can you talk safely?"
"I can."
"Don't ask me how I know this. When you return from your current assignment, you will be detained and interrogated under the truth ray. The vice president will conduct the interview personally. He is investigating your Angelion ruling and will be asking you questions about me. He wants to know my name and whether you and I had worked together previously."
"What brought this on?"
"Mostly paranoia. The Cosmos executives are on alert for possible threats to them personally. They noticed that a lot of females were involved in the Angelion case, which they consider to be a major loss for them. They were aware of what Dr. Ling and the others were doing and had kept investigators away from the planet."
"You can't prove this, can you?"
"No. They are noticing that some male bastions are crumbling around them. Like Angelion. Like a female being elected to the Cosmos' Board of Directors. Hell has been sanctioned by a tribunal mostly made up of females, including Zale. They looked at all these events and concluded that they had to be proactive in case females were out to get them."
"Well, we are."
"They talked about receiving bribes. Each of them has hidden active businesses back in their home planet."
"We have attack lines now."
"I have attack lines. You are being watched and you must avoid coming back to Cosmos for now. Can you delay your current investigation?"
"Yes, but not indefinitely."
"I don't know how much time I'll need. The key is the vice president. In the meantime, don't trust any male in your group. The vice president said that he was watching you. He didn't say that he was personally watching you." 
"This is getting ugly fast."
"Not to worry. I have an idea."
 # # # # # # # #
It wasn't much of an idea, but Winnie's operations frequently started with the germ of an idea that eventually became a full-fledged operation. Her idea was to reveal the vice president's corruption before he had a chance to interrogate Justice. If he were disgraced and banned from the executive, they'd have some time. The new man might not be crooked. Yet. 
The best chance to expose him was his secret business. But, no female could be a visible part of that unveiling. Plus, the unveiling had to go public. All she had to do was find a secret business that he had hidden so that nobody could find it. Easy-peasy. 
In theory, finding that secret business was quite possible. All of the executives had had to sign a form that certified that they would have nothing to do with their businesses back home. That form would have a list of those businesses. Find that list, compare it to the list of the businesses he actually had, and whatever was missing on the first list was the hidden one. Simple, but finding those lists would not be so easy-peasy. It could be hardy-dardy. Back she went into the complex.
Yes, Winnie had access to all of the computers in that building if she wanted access. But the complex had trillions, if not quadrillions of documents in their thousands of computers. Narrowing the search down was a vital first step. 
Only the executive members had to sign a statement that they wouldn't run any of their home planet businesses, so she'd search only the computers in the Executive branch. That was doable. Now for the search term. 
...
Winnie thought that her first choice I hereby certify would do it. It brought up lots of hits, but nothing on businesses back home. Variants like certificates and certification didn't work. She tried putting in his name, Rancid Potato, but thousands of hits could be expected because, in his capacity as vice-president, he would be mentioned in thousands of documents. 
[Winnie never did figure out if his first name was Potato or if it was his last name. Different planets have different naming customs. As to the name itself, it should not be surprising for a planet named 'Spud.'] 
After a full day of searching, Winnie had to conclude that something in her original assumption was wrong. She left the complex when she could, slept in her light ship, and dreamed of French fries.
 # # # # # # # #
Back to the complex she went. What Winnie was looking for would be considered a legal document. What if all legal documents in the Cosmos were filed together? She found a department named Legal underneath the Secretary's jurisdiction. This time, she used Rancid Potato as her search term and hit pay dirt. His list of companies with which he was associated was #5 on her search hits. She made a copy. 
As long as she was in the Secretary's computer system, she figured it wouldn't hurt to download the certifications of the other executive members. That success prompted her to find the computer network that handled salary records. These were under the Treasurer's control. As long as she was there, she thought that it might be useful to have records of the executives' expense accounts as well. 
In total, Winnie spent two days in the Cosmos' computer records. Now she was off to Spud to find his secret business.
 # # # # # # # #
The planet Spud orbited a red dwarf sun. It had three moons. By a quirk of orbits, two of the moons, Turnip and Parsnip, were always in the shadow and never seen in the daylight. This is just as well because they were essentially lumps of rock with no redeeming qualities. The third moon, Yam, was popular with young lovers. They'd kiss and smooch in the yamlight. They'd go for long walks in the yamlight. Many of Spud's most popular songs included references to Yam. Bad Yam Rising; Harvest Yam; By the Light of the Silvery Yam; and Fly Me to the Yam. Apart from its bright yamlight, Spud's moon served no useful function, so I'll stop yammering on about it. 
You might think, from the name of the planet, that the people of Spud might be vegetarians. You'd be right about that. But many were vegetarian by force, not choice. Rancid Potato, for example, inherited his name from his parents, Potato Eyes and Potato Skin. However, he was a healthy male complete with desires that could never be expressed openly on Spud. Those desires were to eat meat. One of the reasons that Rancid Potato liked his job so much was the availability of meat every day in the Cosmos cafeteria. The claim that the meat was imported from Planet Moo is strictly a rumor. 
The people of Spud were humanoid. The men were normal in appearance. Perhaps, they were a little thinner than normal; at least the men who didn't eat smuggled meat were thinner. The men of the planet were known for their hair growth. They could grow a thick beard in a week, they had to comb their backs, and they were the only humanoids in the Cosmos who brushed their teeth with a hairbrush because their teeth were hairy. 
The appearance of the women of the planet was the opposite, in terms of hair. Most women suffered from early onset female pattern baldness. As they entered puberty, the onslaught of hormones caused their hairline to recede. By the time that they had reached the legal age for sex, they were completely bald. Boys found that the bright yamlight shining off their date's bald pate was virtually irresistible. That's why they went for long walks in the yamlight. For the youths of Spud, getting to first base meant fondling the girl's head. Some girls polished their head if they wanted to entrap a guy. Others covered their head, until they entered the yamlight that is. Fathers would wait at home for their daughters to return from a date with a finger print detector ready to be deployed. 
After the birth of the children, known endearingly on the planet as baby potatoes, the body of the women of the planet changed. For those of you who know about Robin Hood and his merry men, picture in your mind Friar Tuck, in his shapeless robe, his rotund shape, and his bald head. That's what Spud's women looked like. Perhaps that was nature's way of ensuring there'd only be two children. But unlike other planets where women's body would sag and droop, Spud's women always had perfectly shaped heads. When a wife wanted some action, she'd pull out a hidden can of wax, polish her bald pate, and head for the yamlight, husband in tow. 
 # # # # # # # #
Spud had a number of cities, but Winnie headed for the largest, which turned out to be Russet, the capital city and home of the government. She assumed the body of a mature woman and joined all of the other anonymous bald pates at work or shopping. With no money, she was constrained in what she could do, but found a public library and sat down in front of a computer screen. Since Rancid Potato was a famous and powerful citizen, she didn't expect to have any trouble finding news about him. She didn't.
Spud had ample arable lands and a mild climate, so the growth and export of vegetables was the dominant contributor to the planet's economy. Rancid Potato was the largest owner of the farms and industries that made Spud economically wealthy. It was easy enough to find him in the news. He and his wife were childless. Before his ascendancy to the Cosmos executive, he was not a society limelighter. His wife donated artwork to numerous museums and galleries, but he was content to stay home. Winnie couldn't find the location of that home. She did find a long article documenting his rise to power. That article listed his farms and their net worth, which wasn't small potatoes. That list was the same as the list of his companies that Rancid Potato had disclosed to the Cosmos. There was no mention of secret businesses. Duh. 
To be truly secret, Rancid Potato's secret business would have to be in an industry completely unrelated to the agrarian industry. Unfortunately, there were plenty of such industries. Spud was a prosperous planet, complete with manufacturing, construction, power, and technology businesses to name just four. But, his house could be a likely place for Rancid Potato to have papers related to his secret business. 
 # # # # # # # #
Finding Rancid Potato's house required her to find what government agency was taxing it, and then hacking into the agency's computer records. Spud's computers used the Cosmos operating system, but they had entirely different protection barriers. It took Winnie a full day to find and break into the tax files.
Winnie found the house easily enough and used a demon's body to enter it silently. She needn't have bothered. The house was completely empty and by that, I mean empty of furniture, appliances, pictures on the wall, everything. With Rancid Potato away full time, his wife had obviously decided to downsize. Perhaps there was a divorce if spudites had such a thing? The reason didn't matter. Winnie had to find the company records, and so far, she had taken a full week to find nothing. She'd have to be back on the hunt for those records soon. Time was running out for Justice. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

While Winnie's search for unknown company records was spuddering along, events in Hell and Planet Panther were also progressing very slowly. We have to catch up a bit. It's still the second week of February. Let's visit Planet Panther first.
# # # # # # # #
"I'm telling you that I'm sure what I smelled." Luna was near boiling, a frequent situation whenever her brother questioned her abilities. 
"Lucifus has no reason to do that," Double-Ought rebutted. "It means that the miners won't be as experienced and that means that they won't mine as much gold, and that means that Lucifus will not generate the same amount of revenue. They wouldn't do what you claim they did!" 
[If you haven't noticed this yet, Double-Ought was very logical. If it didn't make sense to him, it wasn't right. He may have picked up this traits from his father, who you know as Theo. This begs the question whether personality traits can transfer across species.] 
Luna had her answer ready. "I don't care if it's not logical. You think you're Spock and you aren't. Spock wasn't real."
"He was so. Both of us watched him."
"I was watching Uhura and all of that male dominance that she had to put up with. That part was real."
 "Spock was so real." 
"He had fake pointy ears. How could you not see that?"
[Luna, like her birthmother, didn't much care about logic. It wasn't logical that Nary could dunk a basketball, but she could. She also could do things that Theo couldn't, like turn forest fires back on themselves, which was totally impossible according to science and logic. Luna didn't know anything about her mother, but she did know what she had smelled.]
"The referee has entered the ring," Kyty announced. "What are you fighting about this time?" 
"Whether Star Trek was real," Double-Ought revealed what he was most concerned about.
"It wasn't real. Next?"
"I told him that Lucifus had sent us ten entirely different miners. He didn't believe me."
Double-Ought had to protect himself. "Luna said that she could smell the difference between the members of this crew and the members of the former crew. She said all of them were different."
"Female panthers can do that. A heightened sense of smell is why females are better hunters than males. Lionesses are the hunters of the breed too."
"Burn, spy man, burn!"
"Relax, Double-Ought. You're the better starship commander."
"Ha to you!"
"If Luna says that those miners are different than the last batch, they are. Now you should figure out why Lucifus changed them. Instead of arguing together all the time, why don't you do something useful? Try figuring out why we have different miners." 
[This wasn't the first time that Kyty had given them that stop arguing speech. She was content to be patient with them and let them grow up at their own speed. She considered them her own, even though she knew they weren't.]
"She started it."
[Females mature earlier than males: that's a proven fact. The twins were approaching their tenth birthday. Double-Ought acted as his humanoid age dictated he would.] 
"Has you seen any drop in their production levels, Luna?"
"Nothing obvious. I didn't record how much they mined daily."
"I doubt that mining requires a great deal of skill. A new crew probably won't affect our revenue or Lucifus' revenue. You didn't take the low intellectual skills that miners need into your logic chain, Double Ought. Otherwise, you were right."
"Perhaps, the other crew needed more rest?" Luna offered.
"I can't think of anything else," Double-Ought added. Now that the referee was here, baiting his sister would have to wait. 
"Something is wrong," Kyty predicted. 
"Is your ESP kicking in?" Luna asked.
"I haven't seen the miners or the pilot. I'm working blind. Double-Ought, get your crew into the ship and take it for some training exercises. Load it up with full military preparedness."
"Full as in the lethal kind of preparedness?"
"With our gold, we are now a target, and Lucifus is not the most admired planet in the Cosmos. When something doesn't feel right, a wise panther prepares himself. Don't let the Lucifus pilot see your ship when he comes back. And, put somebody smart and stable on weapons."
"Can I have Luna?"
"I'll ferry her up to the ship after they leave. The trident spaceship is the slowest ship in the Cosmos. You have more speed and you have more weapons than the trident. You need to be smarter too." 
# # # # # # # #
In Hell, Satan had struck on Monday. Hades was now without electricity. Meghan waited one day, as Winnie had planned. Why show your cards if the electricity outage was only a bluff. 
[Narrator: Here's some background information: Soup and electrical power were both delivered throughout Hell via the PUS tunnels. The lines couldn't be placed at ground level where the trains would puncture them. They had to be in the ceiling of the tunnels.] 
[Electrical power was generated by turbines powered by volcanic heat. But Hell is big and wide. That electricity had to be delivered long distances. Periodically the voltage of the electrical current had to be juiced up by transformer boxes. Transformer boxes were often located directly under soup lines. Transformer boxes had holes in them to allow heat to escape. That meant that soup could enter. All that was needed was a single hole positioned perfectly in the soup line to short those boxes out with green bean soup.]
On Wednesday, Meghan and Maddy snuck into Hell in their Wilizy bodies. Winnie had previously mapped out two dozen hidden locations where they could fly up to the soup line and hammer a nail into the underside of the soup pipe. They'd have to leave quickly because there would be flying sparks when the transformer was short-circuited. That transformer would have to be replaced since the insides would be fused together. That would mean an entire team of electricians would have to climb ladders to bring the old transformer down and the new transformer up. These were not light objects. The leak in the soup line also had to be repaired, and what with all that soup lying on a tunnel floor, slippery conditions dictated that at least one ladder would slide and fall into the soup. Repairs would take six hours at least, during which time, there was no soup, no PUS, and no electricity. 
Of course, Maddy and Meghan could not reveal that a flying entity had sabotaged Hell's infrastructure. On this first attack, they left three 2x4 boards that had been connected together. A sharp nail was at the very end of that 'spear' that matched perfectly with the hole in the soup pipe. They wouldn't bother wasting the spears after the first attack. 
On Thursday, Meghan waited for Satan to turn the electricity back on. He didn't take that opportunity.
On Friday, Meghan and Maddy struck again. Some SSS devils had been deployed in downtown SinSin-atti but they couldn't guard all of the transformers and eventually Hell would run out of them. Meghan and Maddy's dream attack was to take down the transformer feeding the Black House, but that was off in the future. For now, they would strike every other night. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 20

Maddy, Galahad, Keely and Winnie were meeting in the castle's boardroom. Guinny and Lillian were deliberately absent in case the battle went south and Harry had to call a meeting with their senior staff facing a truth ray. Maddy was reporting on recent developments. 
"Satan has followed Winnie's predictions so far. He's now denying us access to electricity. In response, we're denying Hell access to electricity."
"How are you doing that?" Keely asked. 
"We've been shorting out transformers in SinSin-atti every other day, but so far there's no sign that he will stop."
"He can't stop," Galahad provided a male perspective. "His male pride stops him from seeing that he can't win."
"The hellcats can't win either," Keely added.
"Winning these battles is not the point," Winnie responded. "They're like Hell and Hades are squabbling. Harry won't intercede and that's the only way that Hades will be able to exist as a separate entity. We have to goad Satan into revealing his true intentions. Harry will intercede if Hades is facing an existential threat. Galahad, does Mammon know that the angels in Hell now have a new boss?"
"No. All angels look alike to Mammon." 
"Maddy, what has Satan been saying to the general population?" 
"They're having temporary problems with their electricity lines. All will be resolved soon."
"Any turmoil in the devil ranks?"
"No. They're content not being able to work."
"What's his next tactic, Winnie?" Keely asked.
"That's difficult to say. Whatever it is, Hades can counter it. Maddy has made sure of that. Hades will keep on holding them off until devils start complaining. That'll be the signal for Maddy to go after Mammon. Galahad, you have to pressure him too and make sure that he can't succeed."
"Everything is ready at my end."
"Maddy?"
"Why is Mammon so important? Who is he?"
 "Mammon is the devil who has killed more mortals than any other devil. He has a plaque on Hell's Wall of Shame for starting catastrophic wars; now he's supervising the plasticification of Hell's sewers. He'll be ready to explode."
"Got it."
"He's the last of the old inner pentagram. You're taking him out." 
# # # # # # # #
"You wanted to see me, Guinny?"
"Ritchit wanted to talk to me, CEO to CEO."
"What's he up to?"
"It's not what he's up to; it's what the Cosmos is up to. He had an envoy from the Cosmos come by to check on Angelion's status towards meeting their obligations. He thought that they were way out of line checking on the planet so soon and didn't have much to say to him. Later, he got the feeling that the check-up was just an excuse. The guy was trying to get information on the angel from Heaven who was responsible for the cure to the curse. He wanted me to warn you."
"Consider me warned."
"I put you on indefinite leave so that you could investigate a situation on a different planet. Is this envoy part of the other planet problem you're working on?"
"Yes. I already knew what he was doing."
"You already knew what a Cosmos senior operative was doing?"
"Yes."
"Are you working off a plan, or are you winging it?"
 "I sort of have a plan. Gotta go."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 21

Winnie was back in Spud a few hours after she left Heaven. It was the dead of night and she was alone in a dark room that contained a computer that linked to the government's main computer. Perhaps it was the scary darkness illuminated only by the silvery light of the yam that prompted her to voice her thoughts out loud. Perhaps she was going a little bit crazy with a scary deadline approaching. Whatever the reason, we have insight into her thinking now. 
Question: Would a company that was a secret company to the Cosmos be a secret company on Spud?
Answer: No. If it were a secret, it couldn't do any business.
Question: If so, would it be safe to assume that it is treated like any other company in Spud?
Answer: Yes, any special treatment would draw attention to it and Rancid Potato would want to avoid that.
Question: Under what circumstances would all businesses in Spud have to provide their company owner's name and address?
Answer: Paying company taxes.
Question: I've already hacked into Spud's government's house tax files, would it be difficult to find where the government stores their business tax records?
# # # # # # # #
I'm in. Where's the global search function?
...
Found it. Enter Rancid Potato.
...
Huh. Nothing.
...
Enter Potato Rancid.
...
Nothing. Enter Rancid + Potato.
...
Nothing.
... 
Hmmm.
...
I'll enter the name of one of Rancid Potato's companies that has been registered with the Cosmos. I know it exists in Spud. Its tax records must exist too.
...
Enter Spud Farms.
...
Got it. Does it have Rancid Potato's name anywhere?
...
No. 
...
Who's the owner of Spud Farms?
...
RP Enterprises.
...
Search all tax records for RP Enterprises.
...
That's better. Alphabetize the list. 
...
Which of these companies is not on the Cosmos list?
...
Spud Concrete.
...
I doubt that Spud Concrete would have anything to do with farming and that's what I was looking for. I got'cha, Rancid Potato. 
 # # # # # # # #
Knowing what Rancid Potato was hiding and revealing it publicly with disastrous consequences for the Cosmos' vice president were two different things. But at least Winnie had a name and address. A look-up Spud map gave her the coordinates. 
Spud Concrete was located fifteen minutes of flying time north of the capitol (Russet). The first thing Winnie noticed was three miniature mountains of dirt or something, each well separated from the others. Each mountain was made up of different kinds of dirt. Two large holes in the ground on the outsides of the property provided the dirt for two of the three mounds, as was obvious by the conveyor belts connecting them. 
 A huge tower was inside the triangle formed by the three mounds. Conveyor belts connected each mountain to the top of the tower. The plant was deserted right now, but she could see that the belts would take quantities of something to the top where it would fall down into the tower. Something would happen inside. It was time to find out what concrete was. The light ship library will have something on it.
 # # # # # # # #
Concrete is the popular materiel in the Cosmos for construction applications. It is widely used because of its strength, durability, reflectivity, and versatility. These properties make it a sturdy and century-lasting option for numerous domestic and commercial settings including buildings, roads, bridges, schools, and hospitals. The other big source of construction materiel is wood, which has nowhere near the same longevity.
Concrete is a mixture of gravel, crushed stone and cement. Gravel and crushed stone are found readily in open face pits. Cement does not exist in nature. Cement is manufactured by combining eight main ingredients during the cement production process. The ingredients are: lime silica, alumina, magnesia, sulfur trioxide, alkaline, iron oxide and calcium trioxide. A source of water is also necessary.
Many planets in the Cosmos that have two of the three ingredients for concrete are adept at using it for construction. Due to its longevity, these planets have strong and environmental friendly buildings. The number of planets that can export cement is limited. This means that cement is always in short supply and is expensive.
Concrete comes out of a plant in a semi-liquid form which can be transported by copters with large buckets dangling underneath them. The concrete is taken from the buckets and dropped inside wooden frames where it dries. Many heavy-duty transport copters are required for any significant construction job. 
 # # # # # # # #
With this information, Winnie was now able to put the land and buildings below her in perspective. The two open holes were open pit mines that provided the gravel and crushed rock. The site of the business must have been selected because of the large deposits of these materials that were in close proximity. The third mountain had to be the cement. A creek on the periphery of the land would take care of the water. Ten large copters were parked well away from the plant, probably because of dust issues. Thirty large empty buckets were parked in the same area. Heavy-duty chains would connect them to the undercarriage of the copters. 
A ramshackle building next to the copters was probably the company office. It cried out for a friendly visitor to drop in. 
 # # # # # # # #
An unfriendly visitor came out. Winnie had found no company books. She did find evidence of lots of orders requesting delivery. The computer was a relic and had no files of a financial nature. That meant that she would have to find the firm's accountant, hack into his computer, find the books, make sense of them, and find a way to release the books to the public without drawing attention to the fact that somebody with hacking ability had broken into the accountant's computer. That wasn't going to happen. 
 The skies were lightening and the planet would come to life soon. Winnie planted a single drone in the office and hid several other drones that gave a view of the copter yard and the concrete plant. 
 # # # # # # # #
Sunday in Hell was quiet. The SSS had taken up positions under the most important SinSin-atti transformers, but the hellcats were back home enjoying themselves. Lilith had found some packs of cards that she had ordered for the casinos. She suggested tournaments of some kind. The hellcats suggested poker. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 22

Monday, April 22. Winnie checked her drones over Spud Cement but didn't see anything of value. She decided to see if it had any competitors in this part of the planet. Russet was a large urban area with plenty of buildings and roads. It seemed likely that it would use a lot of cement. 
One other company provided cement in this area of the planet. Russet Construction Supplies had a concrete plant equal in size to that of Spud Cement. The sizes of their cement haulers were also roughly equal, but it didn't have as much cement in its mountain as Spud Concrete had. The two plants were about thirty minutes of flight apart. 
That search done, Winnie decided to check out the planet spaceship port. The planet had to import cement. How would that work?
Spud had a busy economy and that meant that they had lots of interplanetary trade, so much so that they had had to build two freight ports. In this part of the Cosmos, the freighters were huge. Heaven's freighters would be babies beside these beasts. Essentially, they were hollow tubes with a small cockpit. Getting the freighter up to speed for a warp jump would be impossible for such giants. Piloting these beasts would be like driving a putt-putt. However, they could travel back and forth reasonably well because of the short distances between planets in this area of the Cosmos. 
One of the ports was dedicated to freighters that had a back ramp. Small compact freighters would fly into the large freighter where packaged freight would be shifted to them. This went reasonably quickly because the packages had been loaded on wooden pallets so that they could be loaded those contents in a single effort.
The second freight port handled giant freighters that had hatches on the top and the bottom of their fuselage. The contents that they were going to carry to another planet were dropped into the freighter through the top hatch. When it came time to unload the freighter, they'd use the bottom hatch and gravity. 
Smaller freighters, called short-haulers, would take care of receiving part of a giant freighter's cargo. They too had hatches on the top and the bottom of the fuselage. To load up, a short-freighter would position itself under a giant freighter with its top open. The giant freight off loaded by opening its bottom hatch. There was some unknown way of controlling the flow so that its didn't exceed the smaller freighter's capacity. 
When it was time for a short-hauler to deliver its contents, it could do so very quickly. It would hover above the target, slide its bottom hatch open and let gravity do its work. That was why the pile of cement in Spud Concrete was in the form of a small mountain. 
Late in the afternoon, Winnie saw a large freighter unloading what appeared to be cement into a short-hauler from a company named Roasted Potato Freight. [A spud named Roasted Potato owned and operated the short hauler.] She decided to follow him. He unloaded part of its cargo at Russet Construction Supplies and then carried on to Spud Concrete where he dumped the rest. This sharing of a single order of cement made sense if a company didn't need a full order like Spud Concrete apparently did. Russet Construction Supplies' small mountain now made sense too. That was why they had ordered an almost full load. 
But this order sharing created a major problem for Winnie. Yes, Rancid Potato had a company (Spud Concrete) that he hadn't declared. But what if his company was part of the Russet Construction Supplies Company? What if Rancid Potato was letting the other concrete manager make all the decisions? That would satisfy the Cosmo conditions of being hands-off. If so, he's wasn't guilty of anything. How could she find out when she couldn't see the company's books? 
One solution presented itself. She could check out Roasted Potato Freight's invoices for the two loads of cement that it had delivered today. If both companies had been invoiced separately, that would indicate that they were two separate concrete companies. She'd break into Roasted Potato Freight's office tonight.
 # # # # # # # #
Put on your panther costume, we're shifting scenes now.
Planet Panther's sole military-grade spaceship had a saucer design. Picture yourself holding a saucer from your kitchen. Now, turn it upside down. That's what their spaceship would look like as it was approaching you. It had fore and aft thrusters along the edges of the saucer. The command post was positioned on the top of the saucer, overlooking the body. From here, the command officers could fire their weapons, which for Panther.1, consisted of standard lasers and torpedoes. The ship had lasers fore and aft, but only forward facing torpedo tubes. They had two of these. Their torpedoes were slow, but accurate, provided that the opposing captain didn't change direction after it was fired. Once en-route, its course could not be altered. Since enemies were not likely to stand still during a battle, this meant that the captain had to predict where the enemy ship would be in the next 20 or more seconds. This was difficult to do. Enemy commanders were somewhat disinclined to loiter in the same place when they were in a battle. 
 To be effective therefore, the saucer design required the captain to get up close and personal where he'd be shooting at point-blank range. Since this could result in damage from the explosion of the enemy, it meant that he had to shoot while the ship was flying at high speed past the target. You'll be wondering how safe that fly-by would be. Good question. 
You'll know from reading the exploits of Heaven's ships that they had electronic shields that could protect them. Panther.1 also had damage control electronic shields. Picture the mesh of a screen door that is intended to deter mosquitoes. The mesh is effective in preventing small insects from flying through it. Now picture those mosquitoes arming themselves with fire hoses and soaking the insides of your house. Now you know how effective Panther.1's electronic screens would be in a space battle with laser toting gun ships. 
The saucer design of Panther.1 was actually quite effective in spite of these porous shields. It was very fast and maneuverable. That maneuverability meant that it could do an unexpected fly-by shooting and then dodge the return fire. Not only could the ship dodge high or low, it could also dodge sideways, by making like it was a Frisbee. In space terms, this was a high-gravity bank that turned the ship from flying flat into flying on its side. With a good pilot, that high-g bank could end up with the ship flying upside down, all the while it was shooting its lasers. 
To make the most of the saucer's advantages, the captain had to be aggressive and fearless. Double-Ought was the captain of Panther.1. I remind you that he was panther. Next to him, James T. Kirk was a puddy-cat. 
Of course, Kirk had hands and Double-Ought had fingerless pads. Plus, he couldn't sit in captain's chair, which is where James T. Kirk spent most of this time. You may ask, how could a panther fly a spaceship with no hands? I would answer, with a customized deck. 
Think of a tile floor. Each tile is big enough to accommodate one of your feet. The two tiles that you are standing on are power-free. That means that the ship won't be going anywhere while you're standing like that. 
You have a line of four tiles in front of your feet. You can reach two of them with your left foot. You can reach the other two of them with your right foot. Similarly, you have a line of four tiles directly behind you that you can reach by stepping backwards. You can reach one other tile by stepping sideways with your left foot. Same to the right. All of the ten tiles are hot, meaning that the ship will be do something if you put your foot on any of them. Take your foot off and it will stop doing that. Do you want to accelerate forward? Tap the accelerate tile several times. The more you tap it, the more you accelerate. Return your foot to the safe position, and you will maintain the speed that you're in. Want to bank right? Tap the appropriate bank tile. Want to slow down? Tap the decelerate tile behind you.
Sound easy? Now do it with four feet.
A saucer ship captained by a four-legged panther had battle options that would be impossible for two-legged species. For example, if you were worried about flying upside down, insert claws. As another example, Double-Ought could give four engine/steering commands simultaneously. 
Male panthers are an aggressive, go-for-the-throat species. When it is in a full speed battle, a four-legged panther captain is virtually dancing non-stop. Double-Ought had only one problem. He was in puberty. He was lucky if he could walk backwards without falling over.
That's why he was in space right now, trying to remember what he had been able to do pre-puberty. Kyty had put an obstacle course of beacons in a deserted area of space near the planet. This would test his ability to adjust speed, direction, and flight levels - all without the stress of having another ship trying to escape. When the ship hit a beacon, the beacon would ding. Here's how he was dong so for.
Ding.....ding..... ding......ding......ding..
 # # # # # # # #
Meanwhile, in Hell, maintenance men were replacing a useless transformer three blocks from the Black House. The SSS had been lured away by a simple soup line leak.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 23

Tuesday, April 23.
Winnie's excursion into Roasted Potato's freight office was disappointing. Other than learning that Russet Construction Supplies was due to receive another shipment of cement on Thursday, she had nothing to show for hours of rummaging through filing cabinets and computer files. She couldn't find the invoice for yesterday's shipment. There could be a simple explanation for that. Calculating an invoice on a shared shipment might be difficult. How would Roasted Potato know how much to charge?
 Did she absolutely have to know the charges? Yes, she did. Two invoices would be evidence that Rancid Potato was operating a company in violation of Cosmos rules. But, wouldn't pictures of Spud Concrete receiving Thursday's shipment be ample proof that Rancid Potato's company was breaking the rules? 
No, it wasn't. What if Rancid Potato and the spud that owned Russet Construction Supplies were partners? She needed proof that Spud Concrete was acting as a completely independent company. So far, she had nothing. Time to call for some help.
 # # # # # # # #
"Ganger."
"Doppel. How's it going?"
"I'm stuck on something here that you might be able to help me with. I don't want to ask questions here on this planet."
"Where are you?"
"Spud. Proud home of Rancid Potato. Can you continue to delay?"
"I can go another week. What questions?"
"Rancid Potato is likely operating a secrete concrete company. I haven't nailed that down yet."
"Why don't you cement it down?"
"Good one. I'm glad you could give me some concrete advice."
"That was fast."
"I love puns. Sometimes my humor is not appreciated by my family."
"Mine too."
"Big family?"
"I am blessed by having lots of potential victims."
"Me too. Concrete is a profitable business here in Spud. There's a lot of demand. What they don't have is cement, so they have to import that. Two concrete companies are in Russet. One is Rancid Potato's and the other is run either by Rancid Potato's rival or perhaps his co-conspirator. Its name is Russet Construction Supplies. I need to know more about Cosmos trading rules."
"Can you be more specific?"
"How do the different planets determine prices for cargos? Cement for example."
"Cement is traded under the Cosmos Commodity Protocols. Commodities include such goods are sugar, grains, lumber, and cement. They are loose items as opposed to manufactured items. Loose items are sold by the freight load. Manufactured goods are sold by the item. With me so far?"
 "Yup."
"Different types of commodities are traded at different prices. The commodity gold is far more expensive than the commodity rice, for example. However, the price of gold is the same no matter where it is being traded in the Cosmos. Similarly, the price of cement is the same for every importer in the Cosmos at any given time. Prices can fluctuate, but when they do, everybody in the market changes their prices accordingly." 
"How would an importer know how much to charge?"
"All of the super freighters in the Cosmos are identical spaceships. They have a top loading function and bottom distributing function. Before the freighter leaves the exporting planet, it is weighed before loading and after loading. That determines the weight of the cement, for example. The freight company looks up the price of cement for that day and then multiplies by the weight of the commodity that is being exported. In Earth's case, if they had five hundred pounds of grain in the freighter, and each pound was worth $2, then the cost of that shipment would be worth $1,000."
"Got it. How can you cheat?"
"It's almost impossible. The exporting planet certifies that the before and after weights of the freighter are accurate. This certification is taken seriously. The entire credibility of the planet as a trading partner depends on planets being honest. Each freighter's weights should be about the same because they all use the same freighter design. If a planet were fudging the weights, it would be obvious."
"What if the weighing machine was somehow defective?"
"The Cosmos has inspectors. One discovery of a defective machine results in a warning. A second complaint in a two-year span results in a hefty fine. A third complaint in a three-year span will result in a Cosmos-wide warning that this planet's weight machines may be suspect. A fourth complaint in a four-year period results in a five year ban on trading ALL commodities. A planet is only as good as its integrity. If it loses that, the entire planet can be affected."
"Do most planets have high credibility?"
"There have been some cases of fraud, but they're rare. A planet's economy can be ruined without access to Cosmos trading. Even Lucifus doesn't mess with its shipping weights."
"So, let's say that a super freighter has docked at Spud's port. The exporter and the importer both know the weight of the cargo and its unit price. How does the importer make a profit?"
"Profit percentages for cement are uniform throughout the Cosmos. I don't know what the rate is for cement, but the importer certainly does and so does the company buying the cement. Trade is hurt if people try to exploit the system. If Rancid Potato were charging a higher profit rate than his competitor, that competitor could lodge a formal complaint."
"Alright. Here's my situation. Rancid Potato and his competitor shared a load of cement that came in earlier this week. The short-haul freighter dumped part of its load on the competitor's cement pile and then went on to dump the remaining load on Rancid Potato's pile. How does the short haul company determine how much to charge? There'd have to be a way to measure how much each company received. I didn't see any weighing stage."
"Short range haulers have no way of measuring partial loads. It's not illegal if both companies are content to work out the amount that each of them pays. One company could pay for the full load and then charge the second company an estimate of the share for example. But it would be highly irregular for two competitors to be doing that. It would mean that they weren't competitors which could result in a planetary investigation."
"What if the competitor didn't know that he had only received a partial shipment? He wouldn't know that the short hauler had cement still left in the cargo hold."
"He should have a feel for how much the size of his pile goes up every shipment."
"But if he's being short-changed in every shipment, he wouldn't know."
"Is he very busy?"
"Yes, it looks that way."
"Then he probably doesn't know that the short hauler and Rancid Potato are cheating him. Does this help?"
"No, not yet. I knew that Rancid Potato is associated either with the competitor or with the short hauler. Now I know what's illegal, but I don't know who is acting criminally. I do know how to find out."
"Are you going to get him?"
"I don't know yet. I'm almost sure that Rancid Potato is a crook. But making that news public, and then convicting him remain challenges. Can I ask you about the light ship?"
"I don't know how the science works."
"Do you know what the shell is made of?"
"No. I do know that the shell has to be enormously strong to handle the gravity pressures it might have to face. If I were to ask somebody, that would ring some alarms."
"Don't do that. Let me ask you this. How slow can my light ship move?"
 # # # # # # # #
Above Planet Panther, Double-Ought continued to practice. He didn't say much when he returned to the planet and continued to ignore Luna's offer of help. 
 # # # # # # # #
In Hell, the hellcats were observing a night of inaction after their attack near Satan's home. Poker was now boring, or perhaps better stated, the quality of the good players now ruled supreme. They decided to play canasta, which most of the devils remembered from their days of senior-hood when they were mortals. Maddy looked at them playing, shook her head, and considered sticking pins in her eyes. Reason won out and she went scouting for new targets instead. When she came back, she was able to tell Lilith that the SSS and some deputies were protecting every transformer in SinSin-atti. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 24

Wednesday, April 24 

A second shipment of cement was arriving tomorrow. This would be a good time to wrap Rancid Potato up in a giant Easter bunny costume and send him off to potato jail. Winnie was almost ready for that. Today, she would determine who was guilty and who was not. 
Yukon Potato was the owner of Russet Construction Supplies. Winnie had flown over his plant's yard previously, but she had not done anything further. Early Wednesday morning, she assumed a devil body, walked through the walls of the office, assumed her Winnie body and looked around. 
The office was in a one-story square cement building near their transport copters' parking pad. The inside was immaculate, which was saying something since the area surrounding the building was covered in rough dirt and concrete crumbles. A sign outside the office door saying Place Boots Here was the reason for that cleanliness. Inside, a visitor would have the choice of standing at a counter running almost the full width of the building or sitting in one of two wooden chairs. Access to the inner sanctum was provided by a swinging door that was the same height as the counter. Winnie pushed through the swinging door. 
The other side of the counter was actually a storage unit with pull out drawers at the top and cupboard doors below that. The pull out drawers held small miscellaneous office supplies like paper clips, pens, etc. The cupboards held larger supplies like printer paper. Everything was stored away neatly. 
Yukon Potato's desk consisted of a rectangular concrete slab, but with a shiny surface of some kind. It sat on two wooden trestles. This desk would not be blowing away anytime soon. The slab had no drawers for holding miscellaneous items. That was the purpose of the front counter. The slab held a picture of a bald Friar Tuck with a gleaming head. Another picture showed three young bald women with their arms around each other. Nothing else was on the top of that desk. 
To the left of the desk, and at right angles to it, a smaller, lower cement desk extended. Its surface was not gleaming. It held a desk computer and printer with a typical office chair pushed up neatly to the desk. 
Rows of clipboards hung on the wall behind the desk. Each had a sign above it indicating the purpose of the clipboard. Winnie found the clipboard for Cement Orders and browsed through it. She saw a regular set of cement orders, each with approximately the same cost. All but one order had another page stapled to it. That page was an invoice for the cement with a big red stamp saying Paid. Tomorrow's order was at the front of the clipboard and had not been paid yet. Nowhere on the clipboard was there any mention of Spud Concrete. 
Winnie looked around. This is what my mother's office would look like if she were a concrete supplier. She sat down at the computer. It was not password protected. A quick browse through the directory revealed that the computer was used for correspondence. One folder announced Accountant. Sub-folders went back twenty-four years. Inside each annual folder was a spreadsheet booklet, also unprotected. She skimmed through several years of revenues, expenses, etc. The financial picture she saw was that of a one-potato company making a solid profit. [In case you're wondering, Spud Planet had one-potato companies, two-potato companies, three-potato companies, four - all the way up to ten-potato companies. Apparently, the number of owners was limited to ten.] 
 # # # # # # # #
It was after 10:00 am. Yukon Potato was working at his computer. He had arrived in scuffed boots and a suit. The scuffed boots had been placed on a mat beside the door. He had padded into the back of the office, which held a washroom, lunchroom, and storage area. He put his lunch bucket into the fridge, hung up his suit coat, and stepped into some slippers. He was now working on his computer. 
Winnie was on his head, whispering sweet nothings into his brain. She was getting bored. She had gone through her list of warnings of imminent discovery of his crimes three times now. Each time, his fingers stopped for a second, and then continued. She had varied the rhythm of her warnings with no success. She had even sent him a mental message that Rancid Potato would be caught soon. That provoked a quick smile followed by typing. Clearly, Yukon Potato was not in cahoots with Rancid Potato. 
 # # # # # # # #
Over the next three hours, Winnie dropped in on two more potato heads. The first was Roasted Potato, the owner of Roasted Potato Freight who you've already met. The second was the visible owner of Spud Concrete. She knew that Rancid Potato was the invisible owner through PB Enterprises, but somebody had to be in charge of daily operations. That somebody was named Mashed Potato. By dropping in, I mean she dropped into their hair. Both reacted immediately to warnings that they were going to get caught.
Determining guilt by mind messaging threats of imminent discover was a concession on her part that she wasn't going to find solid evidence of their complicity. At least, not in the limited time that she had left. This meant that she'd be unable to prove their guilt of anything in a court of law. Not to worry. She had thought of another way to prove their guilt. For now, Winnie had verified what she had suspected. She could now pursue these two aggressively. To that end, she followed both Mashed Potato and Roasted Potato to their homes home. She was tempted to take a quick trip to Hell, but that would show her team that she lacked confidence in them. Instead, she took a quick trip to Cosmos, disabled Rancid Potato's incoming email box for two days, and then returned to Spud.
 # # # # # # # #
The space above Planet Panther continued to be a rapid ding zone as Double-Ought continued to bang into beacons. He also continued to ignore Luna's offers to help. 
 # # # # # # # #
In Hell, it was mid afternoon when one of Maddy's drones went ding-ding-ding-ding-ding in her head. She left her canasta-free zone in the PUS car's caboose and flew off to see what was happening. A few minutes later, she entered the delusionally happy canasta zone and interrupted Lilith who was in mid-meld. [A canasta move that you don't want to know about.] 
"A train of three PUS cars full of SSS will be arriving soon," she announced. "They're trying to catch us by surprise," she said unnecessarily. That ended the canasta.
 # # # # # # # #
Given their success with the last attack, Minka felt no need to change anything. The SSS was apparently trying to beat them with numbers, which didn't make much sense because they still had to pass through a narrow passageway. She took the front of the defense. Lilith was standing ready to fling devils back to where the construction tools were waiting. Lining up behind Lilith were hellcats wielding 2x4's with nails who would prevent any devil from outflanking them by thrusting the pointy nails at their eyes. Also waiting were the power drillers. Lilith told everybody to be prepared to do some drilling as the devils obviously hadn't learned from the last encounter. 
Minka was in the caboose waiting when the three-car train arrived. "Get ready," she called back. 
"They've turned the power off," Lilith warned Minka. 
That was what Winnie had predicted so they weren't surprised. They had other construction weapons. Hammers, nails, screwdrivers, and saws.
"What are they doing?" Lilith called. 
"Nothing."
 The standoff continued until 3:30 when everything went black. Hell has murk up, which gives enough light to read by. Murk down allows you to see obstacles in your way. Murk off meant no ambient light whatsoever and complete darkness. Maddy could smell the devils and feel the car shift as they entered the rear of the car. 
Meghan, two of them will pass me before I can do anything to them. After the first two, the line will pause and I'll descale parts of their lower right legs of the devils waiting to jump off the car. All of them still have to get by you. You'll feel them. Hurt them and then throw them over your head. Tell the last line of defense to smell where the first two are, and pin them down with weight. After that, the second line of defense should find the bare skin and use the hammers and saws. Don't be gentle. We have to stop this fast. 
Meghan didn't bother to ask how Maddy was planning to descale them. She knew. You probably do too.
Maddy changed into her angel body and hid in the first set of seats on the right side of the train. That angelic body had Winnie's de-scaler weapon. With the car being absolutely black, there was no risk of the devils seeing her feathers. 
The line stopped as the first devil stood on the very front of the front car and used his feet to find the edge. The second devil, which had a hand on the first devil's shoulder, paused. The third devil, which also was shuffling in the dark with his hand on the shoulder in front paused. He was concentrating so hard to prepare to leap off the car that he scarcely felt a thing. Maddy stripped his leg of scales from his knee to his ankle. 
When the first devil leaped, he leapt directly into Lilith arms. He didn't expect that kind of welcome. He was expecting to land on top of the small devil. So would the second in line. So would the third in line. With the small devil buried, that would leave the rest of them to overwhelm the elephant leg hellcat, again with weight of numbers. 
Thus, #1 devil leapt into Lilith's arms. She lifted him high and threw him back. She may have held on to his arm a little too long for comfort's sake. The devil was screaming before he landed. So was #2 who received the same treatment. 
#3 heard the scream, but thought they came from the hellcats. He leapt. Lilith generously gave some work to the hellcats in the second line of defense who heard and smelled where he was. The bare skin was where it was supposed to be. This one got the hammer and nail. He started shrieking too. 
#4 had also been descaled and hadn't noticed it because of the noise of battle. He jumped. Lilith had stepped back by then. She heard the sound of him falling, groped for him, found his neck and lifted. She broke his snout with her fist and threw him back to a new team of carpenters. They started to use the saw. 
At this point, #5 was hesitating beside Maddy's pew in the Church of Impending Pain. Maddy held off on the descaling, but sent him a subliminal thought. 
"Those are devils screaming," #5 yelled. "They're killing us," he added.
#6 turned and yelled, "BACK! GO BACK!"
It's not easy to turn around in a crowded car when the guy behind you is trying to turn, and the guy behind him is trying to turn, and guy behind him ... 
Elbows began to fly. Devils tripped in the darkness. They were stomped into the car floor by those who were still vertical. The next car became a battle zone when Lilith used her outdoor voice to inform the attacking hordes, "We're sawing off legs up here." 
She didn't mention that they weren't using anesthesia. That information probably wasn't needed. Actually, the carpenters had started to saw, but held back when the screaming had become so horrific.
... 
Time has passed. Nobody was in the front car. Four devils were still on the ground, but were too threatened to move. Otherwise, the incoming train was loaded for departure, but remained where it was. No electricity, remember?
Murk up was re-established at 4:30. Obviously, the SSS had expected to establish control within an hour. 
"You can pick up your wounded," Lilith yelled. They were transferred successfully. Power was restored at 4:45 and the invaders returned to Hell. Some poor devil would have to explain what had happened. 
Meanwhile, the rest of Hell was outraged. Murk up and murk down were on a system wide time schedule. Every city, every tunnel, every food court had gone black at 3:30. In order to avoid accidents of PUS cars running into PUS cars, and the like, Satan had turned off the electricity for the entire underworld. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 25 

Thursday. The shipment of cement to Russet Construction Supplies wasn't due until late afternoon. Winnie had a lazy day in front of her. She passed that day by warning both Roasted Potato and Mashed Potatoes that something bad was going to happen. She also warned them that Rancid Potato was a very dangerous partner to have. Winnie took a little time as well to brush up on her piloting skills by flying her light plane inside a forest of densely packed big trees. 
That afternoon, she watched Roasted Potato drop off Russet Construction's cement and then head off to Spud Concrete's yard. The timing was good. There'd be witnesses. 
As Roasted approached Mashed Potato's concrete plant [owned secretly by Rancid Potato], the freighter started acting erratically. It veered off course to the left and he had to correct it; then it veered off course to the right. That meant another correction. Roasted finally got the freighter on a direct line to the drop off position when the ship rose dramatically. Releasing the cement this high would scatter it all over the yard. Roasted had to apply full power to force the ship downwards. Suddenly the freighter's desire to reach Spud's three moons disappeared and it decided to go downward like it was supposed to. This magnified the downward forces that Roasted was already applying and the freighter plummeted. Roasted quickly put maximum reverse power to the rotors but it was too late. 
The freighter crashed directly in front of the mound. He heard a crack as the fuselage hit the bare, rocky ground. Then he couldn't see anything. The rapidly spinning rotors were blowing cement powder everywhere, including onto the copter's windshield. Roasted sat there, stunned. Something bad had happened after all. By the time that he came to his senses, the mound of cement powder didn't exist any more. A thin veneer of cement powder was everywhere including the sides of the concrete towers, the heavy duty transport copters parked in the yard, and Mashed Potato's office building. As the dust settled, plant workers reached the downed copter and began asking Roasted if he were all right. When he nodded, they pulled him out of the cockpit. 
Mashed Potato arrived at the scene late. He didn't know that something was going horribly wrong until the cement powder was blasting against his office walls. Now, all he could do was stare at the cement powder covering everything including the towers and the conveyor belts. That powder also would have been blown into the plant's ventilation system. The powder would also have fallen into the rotary well of the transport copters. 
Mashed Potato knew two things that were guaranteed to happen. The next time it rained, the cement powder would turn to concrete mush. Then it would dry into concrete. On the average, it rained at least once a week on Spud. No way could he remove enough of the cement power to salvage this plant. It was concrete toast.
He also knew that Rancid Potato was a very dangerous partner to have. 
For his part, Roasted Potato knew some things too. As sole owner of the freight company, he was liable for the damages caused by the flight path of his short haul freighter. He'd be sued for sure. He also knew that there was no record of any order for cement from Rancid Potato's Spud Concrete Company. Investigators would ask why he was delivering cement that Spud Concrete had not ordered. Everything was going to come out. Like Mashed, he also knew that Rancid Potato was a very dangerous partner to have.
You may be wondering about that erratic behaving freighter. When Winnie asked Justice how slow the light ship could fly, she was hoping for an answer like as slow as you want it to go. That's exactly the answer Justice gave her. 
Let's review some physics concepts. The light ship was enormously fast. That meant it had power. What would happen if the light ship eased slowly into position against a thick tree for example? Would it be damaged? No. What would happen if Winnie tried to gradually increase the power of the light ship when it was pressed up against the tree? Which was stronger? The light ship that had the power to fly at the speed of light or a tree that had roots in the ground? Gradually increasing the power against the trunk of the tree until the tree's roots gave up the battle should mean that there'd be no damage to the exterior of the light ship. After all, the exterior shell had been built to withstand high g-forces. At least that was the theory. 
Confirming that theory was what Winnie was doing in that dense forest. Now, thick trees were lying on the ground everywhere. 
The gyrations that Roasted Potato's copter made while he attempted to land can now be explained. Winnie was pushing her light ship up against his short haul freighter in exactly the opposite direction that he wanted to go. 
 # # # # # # # #
"You know that the trident spaceship is the worst spaceship in the Cosmos, right?"
"Yeah," Double-Ought responded to Luna's question. They were in Panther.1 and Double-Ought was still dinging beacons. He had finally asked his sister for help. 
 "So, if you were chasing a trident, you have the speed to catch it, no matter what. Right?"
"Yeah."
"And you have the mobility if it were trying to dodge through some asteroids, right?"
"Yeah. The trident needs 30 seconds to change direction."
"And, we have superior fire power if such were needed, right?"
"Yeah. The trident is blind from behind. We could sneak up and put a torpedo up its exhaust pipe without the captain being aware."
"So.... if all of this is true, why are you trying to save milliseconds by going around the beacons so tightly?"
"That's what I always do."
"Looking at your challenges logically then, do you absolutely need to keep doing that?"
"I guess not."
 "Is your insistence on cutting corners helping you?"
"No. It's stressing me."
"Would continuing to pound the ship against a beacon be the act of a rational mind?"
"That's a low blow. You're calling me irrational."
"I'm not calling YOU irrational. I'm saying that your insistence at doing everything at high speed is irrational. Wouldn't it be rational for you to accept that higher testosterone levels have temporarily weakened your control of your body? You have sufficient control to defeat a trident ship. Why don't you just defeat it? It doesn't matter how quickly you do it."
"I suppose."
"Look at it this way. You're stressing yourself out by imagining that we might actually get into a battle with a trident when it's on its way home to Lucifus. How likely is that?"
 "Not likely at all."
"So, on this next trial, go around the beacons slowly. Don't cut the corners. Don't ding a beacon."
...
"That wasn't so hard. I timed you at eighty-nine seconds. Now, go slightly faster this time."
...
"Eighty-five seconds and no ding. Go again."
...
"Seventy-five seconds but you had a ding. You sped up by ten seconds. Do again but aim for eighty seconds."
...
"Eighty seconds and no ding. Now, memorize that speed by repeating over and over." 
 # # # # # # # #
In Hell, Lilith and her forces would remain behind their impenetrable PUS cars for Thursday. However, Grynch's ploy to turn off the lights had nearly worked. Maddy's quick decisions had saved the day. They needed to be ready if they tried it again. Lilith thought on her disguise - a long black overcoat with a brimmed hat to hide her features. Then she was off to purchase several miner helmets complete with a battery-powered light at the nearest end-of-the-world shop. She was running out of cash. Next time, she might have to shop lift what the hellcats needed.
In SinSin-atti, the SSS was out in force guarding electrical transformers again. Most of them were tired of guarding a chunk of tunnel that had never been attacked. This change in mood was subtle and not noticed by senior management.
Also in SinSin-atti, the angel in charge of the angelic forces that were helping Hell to plasticize its tunnels was complaining to the devil in charge of tunnel restoration. 
"Mammon, these power outages are becoming more frequent. Yesterday's complete loss of light was dangerous for my people. When will this end?"
"I had nothing to do with it."
"But why is Hell losing power so often?"
"It is what it is. There's nothing I can do about it."
"I thought you were the second most powerful devil in Hell."
"I am."
"They have you watching over sewers, Mammon."

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 26

Early Friday morning: Roasted wasn't sleeping well. He'd finally nod off and then find himself thinking about the predicament he was in.
I'm going to lose the business and be sued to boot. There's nothing I can do to stop that. 
...
I know that Rancid Potato was stealing cement powder from Yukon Potato's Russet Construction Supplies and running the Spud Concrete business secretly. I know that this is against Cosmos rules. I can't prove any of that with written documents, but Rancid Potato won't take the chance of what I know becoming public. He's going to come after me.
...
The most powerful person in the Cosmos' justice system will have investigators in Spud tomorrow. They'll take me back to Cosmos for questioning. They'll say that I died trying to escape. 
...
 I could ask Spud police for protection in exchange for a full confession. I could tell them how the whole scam worked. Surely, somebody in Spud's justice system would want to pursue that. Or will they treat me as a small-potato crook and ignore me? I have to convince them that I'm telling the truth. I need to be sitting there, waiting to confess before they even start their investigation.
....
The thoughts kept coming over and over until Roasted nodded off. He'd sleep for a bit, then he'd get them again.
 # # # # # # # #
Meanwhile Mashed was also sleeping poorly. He'd finally nod off and then thoughts kept him awake.
I've lost my job. Nobody will hire me again.
...
I know that Rancid Potato was stealing cement powder from Yukon Potato's Russet Construction Supplies and running the Spud Concrete business secretly. I know that this is against Cosmos rules. I can't prove any of that with written documents, but Rancid Potato won't take the chance of what I know becoming public. He's going to come after me.
...
The most powerful person in the Cosmos' justice system will have investigators in Spud tomorrow. They'll take me back to Cosmos for questioning. They'll say that I died trying to escape. 
...
I could ask Spud police for protection in exchange for a full confession. I could tell them how the whole scam worked. Surely, somebody in Spud's justice system would want to pursue that. Or will they treat me as a small-potato crook and ignore me? I have to convince them that I'm telling the truth. I need to be sitting there, waiting to confess before they even start their investigation.
The thoughts kept coming over and over until Mashed nodded off. He'd sleep for a bit, then he'd get them again.
 # # # # # # # #
Mashed Potato was sitting in an interrogation room at dawn on that Friday morning, waiting for the police's day shift to arrive. He heard the door on the neighboring interrogation room open. Then, he heard muffled voices. Something about waiting for the day shift to arrive. 
"Is that you in there, Roasted?"
"Mashed? Is that you?"
"Yeah. Rancid Potato is going to kill us."
"I thought that too."
"I plan to tell them everything I know. About you as well."
"I'm doing the same. I want protection."
"That's exactly what I want too."
 # # # # # # # #
Later on Friday, this article appeared in Spud's media.
...
With my position in Spud's social and business circles like it is, I usually refrain from making public comments. I can't do that in this case, but I will remain anonymous. I have contacts behind the scenes and what I am hearing is explosive. The planet's economic future is at risk. Every spud needs to know this. 
It all started with a Roasted Potato freight hauler crashing into Spud Concrete's plant, destroying the entire business. The parties associated with these two businesses were waiting at Spud's Police Detachment on Potato Salad Boulevard early this morning. Both parties were anxious to confess their guilt. Both confessions were remarkably similar considering the men were in two different interrogation rooms. Spud police brought in a truth ray that verified that both confessions were truthful. Here's what they confessed to. 
Rancid Potato has been one of Spud's most successful business entrepreneurs ever. His long-term absence from Spud was because he was the highest-ranking official in the Cosmos' justice system. As part of that job, Rancid Potato had to meet certain requirements that would prevent him from being accused of having a personal interest in any justice investigation that crossed his desk. Rancid Potato signed an agreement that he wouldn't be involved in any of his personal businesses, but he broke that agreement. Rancid Potato was the active owner of Spud Concrete. That means that the Cosmos' Vice President is a liar. 
In running his business, Rancid Potato arranged to steal cement from a rival business. That means that the Cosmos' Vice President is a thief as well. All of these incriminating revelations have been verified by a truth ray. 
Serious harm can befall a planet when actions of our most important politicians are criminal. Inter-planetary trade, for example, requires absolute faith that both planets operate their businesses with integrity. Rancid Potato has tarred the reputation and integrity of Spud with his petty thievery and his absolute disdain for the Cosmos' oaths that he swore to. If Spud does not take immediate action to show the Cosmos that we don't tolerate criminals like Rancid Potato, our economy will suffer. Every one of us will be affected. 
Local official are withholding news of the confessions while they attempt to give Rancid Potato a chance to respond. So far, they can't reach him. When they do, you can be assured that his Ministry of Justice will take over the investigation. The vice president of the Cosmos will investigate himself. 
Citizens of Spud: We have the absolute power RIGHT NOW to remove this potato blight from our planet. The honor of the vice presidency was awarded to the planet. It was not awarded specifically to Rancid Potato. President Potato Head selected Rancid Potato to serve. He can de-select him in a matter of seconds.
So, don't be a couch potato. Get out on the streets and demonstrate. Be active on social media. Talk to friends and neighbors Send emails to every politician you know. Don't let the rot of Rancid Potato's corruption spread to the planet. 

Respectfully, Tilly TaterTot
 # # # # # # # #
"Ganger."
"Doppel."
"Stay away another week and you should be OK."
"Thanks."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 27

[It's still Friday. You've read about Winnie's operation in Spud in the previous chapter. This chapter focuses exclusively on the panthers and their mining devils,]

Friday was the day that the devil miners would be picked up and returned to Lucifus as per their two weeks on, two weeks off schedule. Double-Ought was hiding Panther.1 on the dark side of the planet. He'd follow it back to Lucifus, just as a check that everything was on the up and up. He should be able to do that without detection because the slim saucer shape of the ship was very hard to detect. 
The Lucifus lifeboat landed and the pilot emerged. He called for the miners to come out of the mine, line up, and stand still for his metal detection test. Luna added a new test by hanging a mini basket with a nugget around her neck. "Test me too," she ordered and he did. The detector buzzed. It had been silent up to then. 
Then it was time for Luna's smell test. She didn't detect any odor of metal but the smell of fear hung in the air. "See you in two weeks," she said and waited for the lifeboat to depart. Then she bolted into a nearby clearing where Kyty was waiting in the lifeboat of her private space-yacht. "They're all afraid," she declared as Kyty accelerated into space. 
...
Kyty sealed air locks with Double-Ought's saucer and waited for Luna to transfer ships. "Double-Ought, you're in charge of the ship," she instructed the two teenagers. "If our mining industry is being threatened, and some form of military intervention is needed, Luna is in charge of the intervention." 
# # # # # # # #
Double-Ought had no difficulty catching up to the Lucifus trident and was watching as the ship accelerated in preparation for going into warp. 
"That's not the heading to Lucifus," Double-Ought declared as the trident disappeared in a burst of light.
"Where's he going?"
"Hang on."
...
"He was heading into the periphery when he warped. Lucifus is nowhere near that. I'll magnify the star chart."
...
"He's traveling to a planet named Earth. I remember something about that." 
"We need to talk to Kyty," Luna decided.
"Use the CWO." 
# # # # # # # #
"Kyty, those miners are on the way to a place called Earth."
"Not quite. They're on their way to Hell, which is part of Earth. I told both of you about Earth, Heaven and Hell when I told you about the tribunal I was on. Hell is the source of the miners. Lucifus is leasing them. Perhaps, Hell is where they regain their health."
"I have the heading," Double-Ought advised. 
"Earth is the third planet from the sun. The Lucifus ship will come out of warp well before then. Be there waiting."
"Any orders?" Luna asked.
"Don't let them see you. Just watch."
 # # # # # # # #
At Warp 6, Panther.1 was at the outer edge of Earth's solar system well before the Lucifus ship flashed out of warp. Following the posted speed limit warnings, it began a slow impulse engine crawl towards the inner planets. At one point, the ship reversed its bearings 180 degrees. Both panthers saw the flash. So did Panther.1's automated defense system. 
INCOMING! TORPEDO LAUNCH! 
Double-Ought took immediate action, banking the saucer and sliding away from its previous position. Meanwhile, the trident had reoriented itself and was continuing on its previous heading.
"What was that?"
"The computer read the flash of a launch and detected an incoming object," Double-Ought answered. "To me, it looked like a definite torpedo launch."
"So where'd it go? I didn't see anything."
"Neither did I. Computer, scan for moving objects in our vicinity."
A flashing light appeared on the sensor screen behind Double-Ought. 
"Transfer sensory screen to main screen," Double-Ought ordered.
...
"Magnify by 10." 
"Is that a body? Can you give it more magnification?" Luna suggested. [Panther.1 was programmed to accept orders only from the voice that signed in to the computer. She couldn't give the order to the ship directly.]
"Magnify by 10 again." 
"That's a definite body." 
"Magnify by 10 again." 
"That's one of our miners. Looks like she's been killed and gutted. Can we get a picture?"
"At this magnification, it won't be clear."
"Try anyway."
"Done. I can chase the body down and perhaps collect some of it. It's dispersing quickly."
We have to stop the Lucifus ship first," Luna prioritized. "Nine other miners are inside that ship. That pilot won't stop with one."
"Agreed."
"Big brother, this is now a mission to protect our mining industry. I need control of the ship."
"Agreed, little sister."
"You're not going to argue?"
"Computer, change the command of the ship to the voice you hear next." 
"Captain, plot a course to intercept the Lucifus ship. Block the ship from going any further towards Earth."
"Aye-Aye."
 # # # # # # # #
"Lucifus ship, this is Panther.1. Permission to come aboard?" Luna was going by the book. 
"Denied. Get out of my way."
That curt response was not in the book. 
...
"Lucifus ship. Heave to and prepare to be boarded."
 ...
"Looks like it doesn't want to be boarded."
"Can you continue to block it, Double-Ought?"
"Wherever it goes, we can get there first."
...
"Is he trying to ram us?"
"I can fly backwards faster than it can fly forwards."
...
Luna was tired of the book. "Lucifus ship, we know what you have done," she warned. "Shut down your engines and prepare to be boarded."
...
"At least, he has stopped trying to escape."
"Captain, prepare to fire laser."
"Are you sure, Luna? He's not moving. Firing a laser could be interpreted as an act of war."
"What if he is not in the cockpit right now? What if he's back in the hold of the ship with the other miners? You saw what he did to the first one. What if he's doing that to the other miners? Captain, prepare to fire laser at the enemy ship's torpedo tube." 
"Smart. Laser locked on."
"Captain, fire laser long enough to disable their torpedo tube."
"Firing laser in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1."
...
"MAYDAY! MAYDAY! This is Lucifus.3. A pirate ship has fired on us. We have civilian casualties. MAYDAY! MAYDAY!" 
"What's he doing, Double-Ought?" 
"Trying to buy time so that he can kill the miners?"
"MAYDAY to the Cops of the Cosmos! This is Panther.1. Lucifus.3 is attempting to kill miners belonging to Planet Panther. We will hold Lucifus.3 here until you arrive."
"That should take care of it," Double-Ought said.
"How close is the nearest Cop?"
"I don't know. Close. Kyty talked about a local cop named Harry."
"You should tell Kyty what has happened."
... 
"What did she say?"
"She's on the way here in the yacht. She says we did the right thing."
"You got to shoot something before I did."
"No. You aimed and shot the laser."
"Yeah, but you ordered it. Technically, you shot something before I did."
"Aiming and pushing a button is not considered shooting. You had the first shot. I wanted to be the first."
"Double Ought! I told you. You were the first."
"I was beaten by a girl."
"What's wrong with that?"
"Don't get me started."
"Misogynist."
"I'm not a miss."
"Have you been saving that one? You haven't used it before."
"I had to look the M word up. It's hard to spell."
"I don't find it hard."
"Are you saying that you can spell better than me?"
"You bet I am. What's with all the flashing blue lights?"
"Cops are here. We have to stop bickering. I had a couple more zingers lined up."
"Save them for next time."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 28

[It's still Friday. You've read about Winnie's operation in Spud, and the Panthers' trip to the solar system. This chapter focuses exclusively on what's happening in Hell.]
"We've lost all electricity to the tunnels to San Francisco," the head angel complained. "That backed everything up. I have angels and mermaids with nothing to do. What's happening, Mammon?"
"We're having trouble with our electrical transformers shorting out. We had four go down last night. We're out of replacements and had to take four transformers from the PUS line to San Francisco to keep electricity in SinSin-atti on-line."
"When will the electricity come back on?"
"Can't say. You have electricity in this location."
"I'm going to send the ocean teams home."
"Do what you have to do."
"What's going on with your electricity?"
"Unreliable equipment."
"It's more than that."
"Our equipment problems are none of Heaven's business."

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 29 

"Kyty, I can inform you of the medical conditions of the miners that my staff found in the Lucifus spaceship. Naturally, I cannot discuss anything about the investigation that you asked for."
"Of course, Harry. That's why we are meeting in your private pool. Anything official would be in the sterile room."
"I'm happy you understand, Kyty. Would you like to swim?"
"I love swimming but the smell of wet fur is not a pleasant one. I'll watch. Did you receive the copy of our contract with Lucifus?"
"Yes. Was there only the one page?"
"Yes." 
"You didn't have a lawyer draw up the agreement?"
"We have no lawyers on the planet. How are the miners?"
"My staff saw how traumatized they were when they boarded the ship. Giving them some comfort was our first priority. They've been in a healing room since. As part of giving them comfort, we had to ask some questions and their answers gave us insight into what they've been through."
"Insight is good. Can you share?"
"Officially, of course not. That's part of an ongoing investigation. But unofficially, ten of them were in torture pits when a devil approached each of them individually and offered them a way to avoid further torture pits. They would be given a small devil body with some unique features. They would mine gold for two weeks and, in the process, would smuggle gold nuggets out of the mine. At the end of the two weeks, the nuggets would be extracted and they'd never be in a torture pit again."
"How did they smuggle the nuggets out?"
"They had a fake stomach bladder inside their body that was made of material that hid the presence of the gold. All they had to do was swallow the nuggets. Then, the pilot would take them to a private place and surgically remove the stomach. The screams of the first miner who experienced what surgically remove meant warned them what was coming. But, they were locked in a storage locker and couldn't escape. Even if...."
"I get it."
"Hell kept its promise that they'd never be in a torture pit again," Harry observed. "Another ten probably went the same way."
"Can you prove it?"
"Under a truth ray, yes. But suppositions don't allow for a truth ray investigation."
"Hell killed them or ordered them killed," Kyty concluded."
"Almost certainly."
"Can he be charged with murder? Torture?"
"No. How Satan deals with tortured souls and his devils is up to him. There's nothing in the Heaven/Hell treaty that I could charge him with."
"The what?"
"My cop job here is to mediate complaints between Heaven and Hell that arise from alleged transgressions of the treaty that outlines what each party is obligated to do. If there's a significant violation of that treaty, then I can investigate with the truth ray and apply sanctions or punishment. If you were to lodge a complaint with me, I would probably not be able to investigate or rule. Panther Planet does not have the status to complain about Hell, and from what I've seen in your contract, Hell has done nothing wrong."
 "Can you expand your role?"
"That is something that I have already asked my superior. I don't know how long it will take to get an answer." 
 "The perils of a cosmocracy?"
"More significant. Justice officials have been told that Planet Spud's CEO has withdrawn his support for Cosmos Vice President Rancid Potato. The vice president was in charge of all aspects of Cosmos' Ministry of Justice. We have no idea when a replacement will be named. In the meantime, we are sticking very close to our assignment duties."
"I wonder how that happened."
"I heard he got caught stealing."
"I never met him in any of my tribunal work."
"I didn't either. Do you have any other questions that I shouldn't answer?"
"Were Lucifus and Hell working together?"
"Yes. The only unanswered question we have to determine is who thought up the idea."
"Can we get Lucifus or Hell for stealing our gold?"
"Hell is not possible. You had no contract with them. Their only involvement was leasing miners to Lucifus. As for Lucifus, you probably can't get them because your planet was in charge of security. They'll argue that if you had done a better job, they wouldn't have gotten away with it."
"That's crazy. That means if somebody stole my yacht, he can't be charged because I should have stopped him but didn't. "
"That's what a good defense lawyer would say. Planet Panther took responsibility for security. The contract had huge holes in it."
"That means Lucifus will receive 30% of our gold's value."
"Yes. There is no exit to the deal in the contract. They'll get it forever, even when you open up new mines. Like I said, the contract had huge holes."
"Can we fight it?"
"Yes, but you'll need a good lawyer."
"We're dead. The only lawyer I know is the one who probably designed the whole thing."
"Who?"
"Fylybstr."
"You didn't eat him?" 
"Sadly, no."
"I know a retired lawyer that might be interested in taking on some work. I'll approach him for you." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Mammon, we can't work like this," Heaven's angel in charge declared. "We're losing electricity during the day now. It takes forever to get it back. And you refuse to do anything about it."
"My job is to satisfy Cosmos investigators when they come back to inspect our tunnels. That's it."
"The second most powerful devil in Hell is assigned to sewer maintenance. That must be driving you crazy."
"Did you say that you were pulling all the angels off the job?"
"Yeah. Heaven doesn't want to have anything to do with what's happening here. Satan could accuse us of interfering in your internal matters. I'll leave our equipment here. It'll be safe enough. Nobody has any reason to steal it."
"Suit yourself."
...
Over to you, Maddy.
Thanks, Galahad.
 # # # # # # # #

[I'm just a sewer inspector!]
I'm just a sewer inspector!
...
[Everybody thinks I'm useless].
Everybody thinks I'm useless.
...
[Nobody remembers what real devils do. Real devils act. They don't play defense against a bunch of tiny hornless devilettes.]
Nobody remembers what real devils do. Real devils act. They don't play defense against a bunch of tiny hornless devilettes.
...

[What's the matter with Satan? Why isn't he attacking the devilettes?]
What's the matter with Satan? Why isn't he attacking the devilettes?
...
[He's not attacking because he's not a real devil. He's a political appointment.] 
He's not attacking because he's not a real devil. He's a political appointment. 
...
[Satan probably hasn't tortured anybody in his life. He wouldn't know how.]
Satan probably hasn't tortured anybody in his life. He wouldn't know how.
...
[The SSS brag about tearing down a waterslide. They don't know anything about generating fear. They're too frightened of miniature hornless devilettes to do anything remotely evil.] 
The SSS brag about tearing down a waterslide. They don't know anything about generating fear. They're too frightened of miniature hornless devilettes to do anything remotely evil. 
...

[I should take Satan to the Wall of Shame and show him my plaque.] 
I should take Satan to the Wall of Shame and show him my plaque. 
...
[I murdered more mortals than any other devil ever has. Does he know that?]
I murdered more mortals than any other devil ever has. Does he know that?
...
[I should take my plaque and show him. He probably doesn't even know where the Hall of Shame is.]
I should take my plaque and show him. He probably doesn't even know where the Hall of Shame is. 
...
[Somebody stole my plaque. There's no respect in Hell now for superior devils. I'm done being a sewer inspector. I'm done taking insults from angels.] 
Somebody stole my plaque. There's no respect in Hell now for superior devils. I'm done being a sewer inspector. I'm done taking insults from angels. 
...
[The angel left his equipment behind.]
The angel left his equipment behind.
...
I could kill them all slowly. Murder plus torture. A real devil's tools.

It will be so easy.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 30

It's one day later and our story starts in Hades.
"What do you think, Minka?"
"They've made no move whatsoever to climb into the PUS cars, Boss."
"How many are there?"
"Hard to say. I can't see anything because of the PUS cars. I've heard a lot of voices."
"Angry voices?"
"No."
"What are they doing?"
"Can't say. I've been waiting for you to arrive."
"Why wasn't I called earlier?"
"We had our full defensive force ready, plus we had electricity. I think you and I should investigate. If they aren't invading, why are they there?"
 "It could be a ploy to lure us out into the open?"
"I thought of that too. Let's put half of the crew into the first car. You and I can go to the end of the caboose, look around and still communicate back to them." 
"Sounds like a plan."
 # # # # # # # #
Minka and Lilith had looked and then had withdrawn to the middle of the caboose to talk. 
"How many did you count, Minka?"
"Thirty-four."
"Who's in charge?"
"The old geezer devil was staring at us. The others were ignoring us. Probably him."
"Weapons?"
"Just the heat thing."
"They're putting plastic balls on the tunnel floors in front of the caboose. Then they use the heater thing to melt the balls. Next they wait for it to solidify. Then they do it again. Why so many devils? Only two are actually working."
"Protection from us, I'd guess," Minka guessed. "We would have to come through a narrow door to attack them. The guy with the heater thing would be there to stop us."
"They didn't stop you and me from looking."
"They want us to know they're building a plastic wall that we can't break through."
"We can break through this easily enough."
"They'll keep adding layers until it's too thick."
"And then Satan will turn everything off again," Lilith predicted. "They'll have technicians working right now on isolating Hades from the system-wide murk-up and murk-down schedule."
"No food. No light. No electricity."
"Do you have a solution?"
"No. They've beaten us," Minka admitted sadly. 
"I can complain to Satan that he's breaking the contract."
"Do you have your copy?"
"I can get it."
"I'll keep the crew here."
"Don't say anything to them until I return."
...
What made you think the caboose might be bugged?
That's what I would have done. 
Why did you say that we're beaten? 
If the SSS put a bug in the car, Satan will relax. Do you have your sulphur nugget?
Yup.
Lights, camera, action.
 # # # # # # # #
A young woman walked into Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children, paused to get her bearings, walked a few feet and turned right to go down a short hallway. She opened the door to hospital's chapel, found an empty coffee cup and dropped a small yellow chunk of something into it. She added the contents of a vial of fluid and stepped away from the coffee cup, which was now emitting a noxious cloud that smelled like rotten eggs. She turned to face the doorway and raised her hands in the classic don't shoot me position. She didn't have to wait long. 
"I come in peace," she said to the two muscular men who popped the door open and aimed something at her. Perhaps Tasers?
"Explain," the armed man kept his weapon on her while the second man made his weapon disappear and looked inside the coffee cup. 
"I needed to get your attention."
"You got it."
"My name is Lilith," she said and pushed the mental button that changed her body into Lilith, the devil. "Your turn. Show yourself."
The man with the weapon became an angel while the other man rinsed out the coffee cup.
"I need to speak with a senior angel. I'll wait here." She changed back to a mortal woman, sat in an armchair, crossed her legs, and put both arms behind her back. The weapon holder nodded at his partner who disappeared. 
 # # # # # # # #
"You can sit properly. You say that you're Lilith. I know that name from historic records. I don't know you."
"You won't need your guards and I need privacy." 
"I have a devil stassis charger," the senior angel said to the men in white. "Take up your stations at the end of the hallway."
...
"Now you have privacy."
"Are you aware that Satan created a separate Hell for what he calls devilettes?"
"We've heard rumors of some major changes."
"I'm the devil who leads all of the female devils in Hell. We don't call ourselves devilettes. That's a derogatory term. We call ourselves hellcats. What is your name?"
"Keely."
"Keely, I need help from the Cops of the Cosmos. I have no way to communicate with them. My need is urgent. I was able to leave Hell this morning, but I may not be able to do that again."
"Explain."
"No. I need to speak with Harry. I'm here to request your assistance facilitating a meeting. Heaven will not want to know why. It's best for you if Heaven has no involvement in Hell's internal affairs."
"Do you want us to take you there?"
"No. That would make you involved. What I want is for Harry to know that the leader of all of the female devils in Hell needs a portal to his ship. He may not know of us. I will give him that proof of my standing when I am in his ship. I will not give it to you for the reasons I have already explained."
"This may take some time."
"I have only today."
 # # # # # # # #
Actually, it didn't take all that long.
"This unit is a GPS locator that emits a very strong signal that can be read in the Cops of the Cosmos' space ship," Keely explained. "It is not active now." 
"How do I activate it?"
"Press the button on the top. You'll hear a click. Then, step back several paces. The connection may take up to a minute for it to be created and tested. Once it is active, you'll see some shimmering lights. Only you can see those lights. Walk through the electronic beams and you will be transported to the cop ship's portal. You will feel slightly disoriented. If you want to take another person to the ship, make physical contact with that person and walk through the portal. Since you'll be passing through solid rock, the portal cannot handle more than two passengers at a time. When you select the location of your portal in Hell, ensure that nobody can see the location. Your body will simply disappear when you walk through it. A witness will notice that. When you arrive in the ship, stay in the arrival area. Somebody will meet you and show you where to go. Harry is expecting your arrival today. Any questions?"
"No. Thank you for trusting me. I appreciate the meeting."
"What meeting?"
 # # # # # # # #
Lilith was sitting in the sterile room. Harry was in his portable pool. Wires extended from his head to the speaker on the table. A humanoid assistant had copied the initial announcement describing the separation of two afterworlds and sent it to Harry's internal computer. He was currently reading it. Lilith could see his eyes flickering. 
"This contract is very short for such an important document. Who wrote it?"
"I don't know."
"Did you try and change anything?"
"No. We weren't given a choice. Satan just announced it. This first announcement gave us self-government. He explained that he was making these changes because of Cosmos requirements. He had to treat us fairly. Giving us our own territory would mean that no devilette would be treated unfairly. I knew he'd never propose it on his own. I expected that he'd abide by the ruling. Cosmos investigators would make sure he did. Ignoring it would have been disastrous for him. But he doesn't care about the Cosmos coming back."
"Why is he not concerned about that?"
"Right now, he's in the process of enclosing our part of Hell behind an impenetrable barrier. Nobody will be able to enter; nobody will be able to get out. No Cosmos inspection team will find us. Plus, we'll have no food, no electricity, and no daytime/night time. We'll probably go mad."
"How do you know what he's planning to do?"
"He's already done it, but we fought back. We can't fight back if we're behind an impenetrable wall."
"The female souls in the torture pits? What will he do about them?"
"I don't know. He'll get rid of them somehow."
"I believe you're right. Here's what I need from you. I don't have the time to talk with you much longer. I have another major case to work on and it has issues as to whether or not I can actually preside in that case and in your case."
"Why would you not be able to preside? Hell has to do what you say."
"In this case, they do not. Hell has to do what I say when the Heaven/Hell treaty is broken. There is no treaty between Hell's males and Hell's females. I have no standing in your dispute."
"So, he can do whatever he wants to us?"
"Yes, provided that you have disappeared from view before the next Cosmos inspection. That'll be about two years from now. How much time do you have before the wall is finished?"
"A week?"
"Can you delay them?" 
"Doubtful. They have a small army waiting for us to try something."
"Here's what I need from you. I need a diary with a history of how this new Hellette became a grave for you. Include everything that Satan did and everything that you did."
"OK."
"Include everything that you did even if it didn't work or if it wasn't legal. I need to know how Satan will try to defend himself if he is formally accused of the things that he did to you. Can you send that to me today?"
"Yes."
"Take pictures of the barrier that they're building to keep you in. Include those with your report. Take a picture of anything that will help document your diary."
"Will you be able to help us?"
"I don't know." 
[Winnie was counting on Harry interceding. Oops.]

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 31

"Ahoy, Panther Planet spaceship. Permission to come aboard?"
"Why?" This was a male voice that Winnie hadn't expected. She hadn't expected the bluntness either.
"Princess Guinevere, from Heaven, wishes to speak with Kyty-Lytr."
"Wait." 
...
"Sorry about that, Winnie. My son isn't up to speed on niceties. Come on in."
...
"How'd you know that we were here?" Kyty asked.
"I saw the ship the other day when I was returning from a little trip. Harry's spaceport isn't that far from ours. We don't see many saucer ships around here. I was curious. I asked our military and they said it was from Panther Planet. Thought I'd drop in and visit if you have the time."
"I have the time. But, why are you coming from Harry's portal?"
"Heaven has a permanent portal with Harry. It was easier to use his portal than firing up one of our space ships."
 # # # # # # # #
"This ship won't be very comfortable for you. We mostly lie on the deck. Ignore these two. They're in a don't you dare talk to each other time out. They like to bicker; I like to have a head that doesn't have a throbbing head ache."
"How long have you been stuck inside the ship?"
"We're on our fourth day."
"Any idea when Harry will see you?"
"Somebody has called a meeting for tomorrow."
"I have a lake and some green space. It's five seconds away. Interested?"
Two black heads lifted off four black paws.
"I'll give these two to you permanently as fur blankets if you take only me." 
"Sorry. Fur blankets are a little scratchy for me."
"What if I declawed them?"
"We'll use the portal in the Cops ship. I'll have to take you in pairs." 
 # # # # # # # #
[Narrator: Luna and Double-Ought were still in the lake. Kyty was lying on the grass beside the lake. Winnie was in a chaise-lounge in her human bikini-covered body. To blend in with the color scheme, she had made it all black. Naturally, the conversation had started with the reasons why they were waiting for Harry. We'll skip that part. You know why. Kyty has finished her explanation and Winnie is now ready to react.]
"It doesn't seem to me that they can claim that Luna's security was not good enough and thus, they can walk away with all the gold they stole."
"They're going to try. If they get away with it, it will be very harsh on Luna. She did everything right. She knew that something was wrong. She smelled the fear. She knew that the miners weren't the same as the last batch. How was she supposed to know that the miners had a smell proof smuggling stomach?"
"I don't see how she can be blamed."
"She blames herself. All three of us made mistakes, Winnie. Double-Ought didn't insist on staying with Fylybstr when the idea was discussed with Burger King. If he had, perhaps they never would have gone ahead. He's feeling the pressure on that."
"Fylybstr's idea."
"Almost certainly. Not provable."
"It would be under a truth ray."
"But he hasn't been charged with anything."
"That makes it difficult. You should bring him to your meeting. Did you say that he was in your ship?"
"I couldn't leave him unsupervised at home. I have a portable kennel for him."
"You might be able to include him in the charges somehow. Try to take him to the meeting."
"OK. I messed up on the contract with Lucifus. I should have put in an exit clause. I didn't know anything about that. Now, because of me, we're locked into a contract that forces us to pay Lucifus a share of our gold forever. They'll receive enough gold to buy some advanced spaceships, and the Cosmos planets will blame Planet Panther. I'll stop the mining before I let that happen."
"How badly do you need to mine?"
"We've done without it for centuries. But, we're a very poor planet. We have enough wild food that we can eat so long as our population doesn't grow. All panthers are under a birth control mandate. One cub only in a lifetime. I allowed myself to keep these two because they were abandoned. They don't know that. The only income the planet generates is from the fees I receive from the Cosmos for tribunal work and convicts I take in. We have nothing to trade. Gold would allow us to live a better life. Food when we're hungry; something to do other than watch oldy-moldies like Star Trek. Double-Ought is fixated on James Bond flics and Star Trek. He thinks they're real. As a planet, we are completely ignorant of the Cosmos around us. Gold was going to change that."
"Did you know that some planets have immense freighters? If you could trade gold, you could import an entire herd of animals in one of these freighters. There are bound to be planets that have excess."
"We have huge areas of forest and pasture lands. How'd you learn about those freighters?"
"I saw them on my recent trip."
"Double-Ought is a very skilled pilot. I know the rudiments, but nothing beyond that. He taught himself. There's nothing further for him in Planet Panther. There's nothing further for Luna either. These two have intelligence that is not normally found with panthers. That intelligence is wasted."
"Any sign of ESP skills?"
"Not yet. They've recently entered puberty. That's when I received mine."
"What were those tiles I saw in your ship?"
"Navigation tools. Double-Ought uses four feet to steer the ship. It looks like he's dancing. He can make that saucer do anything. He can fly upside down and still hit his marks." 
[Galahad, do you have a minute?]
[Sex again? Have you no shame?]
[I was lonely! I'll be over it in a couple of weeks. Perhaps months. This call isn't about sex. I need the Admiral of the fleet.]
[Yes, My Queen. On my way.]
 # # # # # # # #
"Why is Luna staring at me like that? Am I lunch?"
"You're too scrawny. I think she's jealous."
"Because Double-Ought is off showing Galahad his piloting skills?"
"She and her brother are intensely competitive. She'll become angry if she thinks that he's getting something special because he's male. They fight a lot because of that. Double-Ought styles his life after James Bond who was not known for his sensitive thoughts about gender equality."
"James Bond, 007, license to kill?
"I've heard about him. How does Luna react?"
"She'll make his life miserable until he backs off."
"Hot tempered?"
"No. She's intense when she's working. Think of her as unwavering in the pursuit of whatever she's after. Right now, because Double-Ought is who he is, she's intent on changing him into a gender sensitive brother."
"What does she do when she's not working or squabbling?"
"She's alone somewhere reading. All panthers can read, of course. Luna reads from Cosmos libraries. She always has a couple of books on the go."
"Fiction?"
"Luna equates fiction with James Bond. She reads exclusively non-fiction. Mostly social equality issues now. That may change. She tends to binge read on a topic."
"Science?"
"Not that I know of. We don't have much evidence of science in the planet."
"Sounds like a special girl."
"She was the one who disabled the Lucifus ship that was trying to escape."
"She has strategic thinking then."
"Perhaps. She hasn't had any opportunity to use that kind of thinking before."
"I'm going to be rude here."
"Are you planning to message somebody like when you messaged Galahad?"
"You heard that?"
"I saw it on your face. I have special skills, remember? Nice sexual banter. I gather Galahad is your partner."
"Yes. I knew you had skills, but not exactly what. I had forgotten about that."
"Who do you want to talk to without me knowing?"
"Somebody on my team."
"I'll close my eyes." 
 # # # # # # # #
"This Shields person. Is she doing this because you told her to?"
"No. We always require two people in a space ship. Shields' previous companion was a male lothario. He was always on the hunt for a sexual conquest. When they weren't on a sales call, Shields stayed in her cabin to avoid him. He was good at making sales though. We don't need that now. Shields only has to let a potential partner taste a chunk of chocolate to get an order. This trip is to Angelion, which is our partner. I told Shields about the giant transports and she's checking to see if Angelion can handle them. If so, we'll change some of the ways we deliver product and price it. Angelion will also have to change their fleet a little. We'll need them to deliver via the super transport from now on."
"How will Luna help her?"
"I don't know. For now, she's a companion and she'll get to see some of the Cosmos. Shields will talk with her. Once you know Shields better, she loses the military exterior. Why is Harry taking so long to have a hearing?"
"Four CEOs are attending: Myself, Burger King from Lucifus, Satan from Hell, and somebody named Lilith who is the CEO of something called Hades. I looked them up but couldn't find them. Harry said that inquiries involving CEOs have to be done sensitively. He needed ample advance warning. He didn't say if he were running the inquiry or not."
"Why wouldn't he? Harry always runs the inquiries in this part of the Cosmos."
"This is different because it involves four different entities. He's supposed to involve himself only in Heaven/Hell treaty violations. This doesn't qualify."
"But Harry is supposed to adjudicate this."
"He's trying to get permission from the Cosmos' Minister of Justice, but the ministry is in chaos right now. They lost their person in charge because he was a crook. A replacement hasn't been assigned yet."
... 
"Are you saying that this whole investigation could be done by some stranger because Harry can't get an answer from the Cosmos?"
"Yes. Harry said that he's trying to arrange for a replacement."
...
"Winnie, do you want me seeing what you are thinking right now?" 
...
"Who's Rancid Potato and why are you cursing him? I'm assuming you're cursing him. I don't have a translation on those words."
"It's Japanese. I messed up. I messed up big time. I never saw this coming. I should have."
"Why do all the people you are thinking about have potato in their name somewhere?"
 ...
"This is so bad. And I can't do anything about it."
"Why not?"
"Heaven cannot be involved in Hell's internal affairs. My boss effectively put a collar around my neck and is holding the end of my leash herself."
"That's not a mental image that a panther would enjoy."
...
"Go ahead. You know you want to. Ask me if I can keep a secret."
"Can you keep a secret, Kyty?"
"For you, yes. For others, I can be a very catty person."
"The panther is a pun-ther. I trust you. The planet Spud...."
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 32

The room was a sterile rectangular box. A simple meeting table sat in the middle of the room. A speaker nestled inside a white box was at the end of the table. On one side of the table, two male devils sat in comfortable chairs. On the other side, a single female devil sat. The far end of the table held a large poofy cushion on which a black panther rested. Behind her, a male devil sat in a chair. A collar encircled his neck. One end of a leash was attached to that collar. The other end of the leash lay in coils on the poofy cushion. The male devil had a dog muzzle clamping his jaws shut. 
As they watched, the door opened and a large clear vat of water resting on four wheels trundled in. In the vat, a dolphin was floating upright. His snout was grasping a joystick, which he was maneuvering to push that vat up to the table. A collection of wires ran from his head to a speaker attached to the vat. 
"My name is Harry. Thank you for your patience in waiting for this meeting. I'll make this announcement short. I cannot serve as the chair of this meeting for the following reasons. Some of the CEOs attending this meeting reside in areas that are distant from Earth. They are not subject to my authority. In addition, some of the issues that the four of you face are not subject to the Heaven/Hell treaty. I was unable to get my authority extended. As a result of these restrictions, any ruling I may make could be subject to an immediate appeal. That means that there is no point to me hearing your complaints."
"I have approached a retired mediator who is familiar with Cosmos laws. He'll be in shortly. You'll have to be a little patient." With that, Harry and his mobile vat of water rotated 180 degrees and left the room. The door opened as he approached. It locked after he was out.
...
Nobody talked. Nobody asked who the muzzled devil was. Some of them knew.
The clicking of the door lock signaled that Harry's replacement was coming in. They watched as a large clear vat of water resting on four wheels trundled in. In the vat, a dolphin was floating upright. His snout was grasping a joystick, which he was maneuvering to push that vat up to the table. A collection of wires ran from his head to a speaker attached to the vat. 
"My name is Luigi," the white speaker said. If dolphins could sing in a choir, Harry would have been the tenor. Luigi sang bass. "You know my name now. Starting with our feline member, please introduce yourself to me."
"Kyty-Lytr, CEO of Planet Panther."
"Lilith, CEO of Hades."
"Satan, CEO of Hell."
"Burger King, CEO of Lucifus."
"Kyty-Lytr, would you introduce your companion?"
"His name is Fylybstr and he's from Planet Panther. He is my lawyer."
"And his restraints?"
"Doesn't everybody put their lawyers on a leash and muzzle them?"
"Probably not," Luigi said. "Many of us might want to do that. Is there anybody in this meeting who is afraid of a muzzled lawyer?"
Put that way, nobody objected.
"I have studied all of the allegation statements that you have supplied. Some serious issues underlie these accusations. All of you need solutions or you and your citizens will be affected, perhaps permanently. Incidents have already arisen in which violence has emerged."
"I note that all of you are CEOs. At the Cops of the Cosmos level, we have a protocol among law enforcement that CEOs are to be given wide latitude for their actions. What you do in your own planet or residency is considered your business. The four of you have tremendously complicated issues to sort though on a daily business. It would be normal for you to make some decision-making errors, that in hindsight, you would recognize as not the best decision you've ever made. If I may be blunt: All of you have erred recently."
"I will respect your position as a CEO by NOT invoking the truth ray during my investigations. I do maintain my right to call witnesses and put them under the truth ray. This is only reasonable. A truth ray exemption is not applicable to Cosmos citizens below the title of CEO."
"A less clever CEO than you might think that you could lie with impunity in these proceedings. In my lengthy career, I have developed an acute sense of who is lying and who is not. If I sense that you are lying, I will call a witness. If the witness supports your account under the truth ray, I will apologize to you. If the witness contradicts your support, I will immediately find you guilty of lying. I have a number of options after that. The one that is the most effective is for me to believe everything that your opponent has alleged and rule accordingly. That's because if you lie once, you'll lie twice. I won't be able to trust you again." 
"Of course, you could appeal. Such CEO appeals are tried at the Cosmos level with the truth ray engaged for the entirety of the proceedings. Results of such adjudications are published widely. The Cosmos can't afford to have CEOs who are untrustworthy." 
"Of course, none of you would think of lying. Here's what you can expect from today's meeting. I will tell you if you did something wrong. I will do that with everybody. I will suggest how you can make life on your planet better for you and your citizens as per the issues that arose during the meeting. I will do the same for everybody. There is no favoritism here. After I have met with you, you will remain incommunicado on this ship until all four of you have had your meetings. Only then will you be able to communicate with your planet or any other planet. Naturally, there will be recorded minutes of the meetings. These minutes will not be filed with the Cosmos. Only you will see the minutes of your private meeting. Again, I am respecting the difficulty that CEOs face."
"This is the process that I am offering you. I will need approval from all four of you before I continue with the private meetings. The process can't work if one planet refuses to meet in this fashion."
"And if one planet doesn't agree?" Kyty asked. [I remind you that Kyty was able to see everything that the others were thinking.] 
"I will have to refer the case to the Cosmos level. Mediation only works if all participants are willing to engage with an open mind."
"Will the holdouts be identified?" Kyty again.
"Of course. I will now ask for your agreement. Does Planet Panther agree to the process I have described?"
"Yes."
"Hades?"
"Yes."
"Hell?"
"Yes."
"And Lucifus?"
"Yes."
"My inquiries will start with Lucifus. The rest of you will be guided to your incommunicado room. Burger King, you may remain in this room. I will not be here. I will be in my office using the white box speaker on the table to communicate with you. This portable vat limits my access to my notes. I will need ten minutes to unhook myself from this contraption and pull up my files."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 33

Luigi had walked Burger King through his submission and was now ready to pose some questions. 
"So, let's talk about the alleged theft of gold from Planet Panther's gold mines by miners you leased from Hell. These miners smuggled gold out in specially designed stomach bladders. Was this a joint effort by both Lucifus and Hell?"
"Yes."
"What did you provide?"
"We provided the trident spaceship that ferried the miners to and from Planet Panther."
"You told Planet Panther that you had leased the miners from Hell, but that was a lie."
"Yes."
"Why the lie?"
"Planet Panther would never have agreed. Hell has a terrible reputation." 
"What was Hell supposed to provide?"
"The pilot and the miners."
"Where did he get the miners?"
"From the torture pits."
"All females?"
"Yes."
"Who designed the stomach bladder?"
"Lucifus did. I forgot about that."
"And the pilot from Hell cut the female miners open to extract the gold, in the process killing the miners. He disposed of the bodies by ejecting them into space."
"Yes."
"How many miners did he kill?"
"Eleven."
"How much gold in terms of weight would you have gained from these eleven?"
"The bladder was designed to carry a maximum of 7 kg."
"Where did Satan find the devil who would do such a thing?"
"He's the Head of the SSS. His nickname is Grynch."
"How did you and Satan justify the murders?"
"Satan can do whatever he wants in Hell."
"How did you and Satan justify the thefts?"
"It was Planet Panther's own fault because they didn't protect their gold adequately."
"This robbery and murder plan must have taken some planning. Did you do that over CWO or in person."
"In person. The SSS pilot met with me in Lucifus."
"Who had the idea of stealing Planet Panther's gold"
"Fylybstr had the idea. He had been jailed in Planet Panther. He wanted to get even with the panthers and managed to use the CWO to arrange it. He wasn't watched very closely."
"So Fylybstr came to Lucifus under guard and helped to negotiate a plan to rob Planet Panther by promoting it as a good deal for them."
"Yes. They had gold; they needed miners."
"I thought you said that Fylybstr came to Lucifus under guard. How could you plan that in front of him"
"The guard was a young panther. We expressed concern about such a large panther being in our midst. The kid waited outside."
"If I accused you of stealing gold, you would argue that it wasn't a crime."
"Yes, I would. We steal all the time. We think we have a very strong case."
"Tell me. Where did the theft occur?"
"In Planet Panther."
"Is theft allowed in Planet Panther?"
...
"I can tell you that it's not. When you stole, you weren't in Hell or Lucifus where stealing is allowed. You were in a planet where stealing is not allowed. I therefore find you guilty of theft."
"Lucifus didn't actually do the stealing."
"You provided the spaceship knowing full well what was likely to happen. You're guilty. As to the murders, where did they occur?"
"In Hell."
"No, they didn't. They occurred in outer space. Cosmos laws apply in outer space. Hell's laws don't. You're guilty of murder, and that is because you provided the spaceship knowing full well how it would be used."
...
"Have you heard of conspiracy charges?"
"No."
"Your lawyers should have told you about them. Conspiracy is when several people meet together to plan and commit a crime. Three of you, from different planets, came together to plan robbery and murder. Conspiracy to commit crimes is considered worse than a simple robbery by one person. It shows premeditation. Murder with premeditation in the Cosmos can be a capital offense."
...
"Do you understand that if this information were presented to a Cosmos court, the charge would be premeditated murder? You have the benefit of having a CEO exemption, but that would not be enough, especially because those miners do not belong to Satan. They are female miners and those belong to Hades." 
"I didn't know that."
"I believe you, but Satan knew and he was a member of your conspiracy. In my preamble, I agreed that the information I uncovered would not go further. But it's also clear that you need severe consequences. I hereby order you to return double the amount of gold you stole in either gold or Cosmos currency to Planet Panther. That would be twenty-two stomach loads or 154 kg of gold. At current gold prices that comes to #624,133."
"We don't have that. We're a poor planet."
"And that's why you wanted to receive an everlasting share of their gold."
"Yes. We have a contract."
"That contract is null and void because it was part of a conspiracy to murder. What are you going to do?"
"I don't know."
"I told you that I would give you advice. Here's that advice. You may be required to be Hell's home planet and that gives you some income. But having anything else to do with Satan is foolhardy. He's put your entire planet into debt. You're not dumb. You're just lazy. You have resources that no other planet in the Cosmos has, but you don't use them."
"What resources?"
"Devils can operate in the dark, in tight spaces, and in poor climatic conditions. Devils can walk through structures. If you put those assets to use for the good of the Cosmos, your reputation will improve. You will become a positive part of the Cosmos rather than being regarded as a malevolent boil on the Cosmos butt."
"How?"
"Take the following four steps:
1) Disassociate yourself from Hell as much as you can. 
2) Enact regulations inside Lucifus that provide law and order. 
3) Apply for a grant from the Cosmos through which you will receive funding to train devils to be Search and Rescue experts. There are always accidents in Cosmos that are lethal because medical personnel cannot get to the victims in time. Devils can get just about anywhere. Ask for medical training and funding for search and rescue ambulance ships. 
4) Beg forgiveness from Planet Panther and promise to repay your debt to them when you can."
"Understood?"
"Yes. "
"Shall we move on now to your murder of eleven hellcats of Hades?"
"You're not done?"
"No. You have admitted to being part of a conspiracy through which eleven hellcats were brutally murdered. You provided the spaceship where those murders took place. You have to pay for that."
"We can't pay."
"Yes, you can. I hereby order you to give the spaceship that you used to murder the hellcats to Hades. That transfer includes giving them a self-contained air lock that you can moor anywhere plus pilot training. If you're smart, you won't need the ship. You'll have search and rescue ships."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 34

"I have read your submission," Luigi opened his meeting with Satan. "I will focus first with your involvement in the robbery of Planet Panther's gold. I have already met with Lucifus and since your submission is no different than his, I will rule immediately." 
"Your argument that robbery was part of devil life is not applicable. The robbery took place in Planet Panther where it is illegal to steal. I find you guilty of theft."
"I found clear evidence that your head of the SSS transported female devils to and from Planet Panther. On two return trips, he removed gold-laden stomach bladders from the miners who died as a result of his operation. Lucifus confirmed that this happened with the first ten miners. Information collected by Harry's staff revealed that he was going to repeat the medical operations with the second set. In total, he killed eleven miners. Your argument that you could do anything you wanted with your devils fails on two counts. The murders occurred in outer space in which Cosmos laws apply. Second, the female miners were not your property. As of your announcement on August 22, 2096, they belonged to Hades. Their murders took place well after that announcement."
"In addition, I found ample evidence that Lucifus and Hell met and planed both the gold thefts and the manner in which the gold would be recovered from the miners. Thus, conspiracy laws apply. In terms of conspiracy-based murders, these are considered capital crimes. I find you guilty of conspiring to murder the miners, which is a capital crime." 
"Now let's move on to the issues surrounding Lilith and yourself. I advise you that I have already interrogated Grynch and Fylybstr. Both gave full accounts. I also have copies of your two August 26 declarations in which you split Hell into two parts. Was your intent ever to give the women of Hell equality as determined by Cosmos standards?"
"I gave them the chance to have their own area in Hell where they would treat each other equally. That would satisfy the Cosmos."
"What about equality with devils?"
"That could never happen. Devilettes are not real devils. They don't contribute to Hell's torture quotas. They're useless. But in a female version of Hell, they can contribute equally."
"By working in a pleasure palace to satisfy devils?"
"Surely, that's their purpose in life and afterlife. That's why they were given those bodies. I just made sure that they could contribute the best way that they can. They're being treated equally."
"Equal to all other females; not with males."
"They have equality. The Cosmos doesn't define it."
"Actually, they do. Males and females are expected to work together. Your kind of equality is to segregate the two genders. The Cosmos considers this grossly discriminant. I hereby find you guilty of pursuing a segregated Hell where female devils would face discrimination."
...
"When did you decide to take back the freedoms that you had given the Hellcats?"
"After the devils flocked to their theme park. Their enjoyment of the Hades' temptations would mean the end of Hell as we knew it. They would ignore their torture quotas and focus on theme parks and gambling. I was protecting Hell. You can't find me guilty of a crime for doing what I was supposed to do."
"I can find you guilty for the way that you did that. Grynch has described the plan that you and he initiated. Try and force them to accept SSS troops in their territory. When they pushed back, you got the devils drunk and provoked them to destroy all of Hades' infrastructure. Every time they pushed back, you hit them harder. When they wouldn't back down, you decided to wall them off from Hell. Whose idea was that?"
"Mammon's. The old geezer finally did something useful."
"Was your intent to kill all of them by removing light, electricity and food?"
"Yes, but that was their fault. They shouldn't have fought back. It was their choice to rebel. Rebels have to be put down. I'm allowed to do that."
"You wanted all of them to disappear behind an impenetrable wall and die slowly?"
"Yes."
"What would you do the female souls."
"When they came out of the torture pits, they'd work in pleasure palaces in all business areas throughout the urban areas of Hell. Access would be tightly controlled. Only devils who had contributed to Hell's torture quotas as evidenced by horn growth could visit."
"What would you do with them when the Cosmos investigated?"
"They'd be out of sight in torture pits, or stored in soup cans."
"And the hellcats who you had murdered?"
"I'd tell the Cosmos investigators that they had been converted to apprentice devils and were scattered throughout Earth." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Satan, the sheer excess of your crimes is staggering. You're guilty of theft, conspiring to murder the miners, and guilty of pursuing a segregated Hell where female devils would face discrimination. You argued that you had the right to put down rebels. The women of Hades were not rebelling citizens of Hell. They were citizens of Hades, which you yourself had created as a separate and self-governing territory. You admitted that you were intent on killing all of them. I find you guilty of invading a foreign territory with the intent to commit genocide."
"So?" 
"I don't think that you can understand the enormity of what you have done; nor can you change. Your death would be a reasonable consequence to your crimes. But I don't have the authority to order that. In this meeting, you have answered truthfully to the best of your ability, which means I cannot raise this to a Cosmos level inquiry. Even if I were able to remove you, the female hatred mentality within Hell is such that your replacement would be equally bad. For these reasons, I am forced to leave you in place."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 35

"Lucifus has to give us 154 kg of gold?" Kyty asked Luigi incredulously.
"Yes. That's twice the amount that they stole. They tried to argue that it was your fault but that was ridiculous. They will have difficulty repaying you but they have to do it. You can demand it immediately but I wouldn't do that if I were you. Instead, you may want to think about buying tunnel boring equipment and supplies from them now for when you will need them when you open up more mines. They'll be anxious to sell you anything you want. Make sure the transactions are formalized."
"I will."
"Hell also has to give you the same amount of gold or the equivalent in Cosmos currency. Don't let them delay too much before they pay you."
"Thank you."
"In one respect, their thieving was good because it prompted you to develop your first mine. What will you do differently this time?"
"A friend of mine is encouraging me to lease miners from Hades directly. I'll approach their CEO after this is all over."
"Make sure the arrangement is documented in a formal contact. Your contract with Lucifus was full of holes. I'm sending you a template that will show you every topic that should be included in any contract. What else went wrong?"
"Double-Ought left Fylybstr unsupervised on the trip to Lucifus. I shouldn't have put him in that position. He wasn't ready." 
"Speaking of lack of supervision, Fylybstr communicated with Lucifus and Hell using your CWO transmitter."
"I thought I had scared him enough."
"Devils don't scare."
"I threatened to eat him."
"But, you wouldn't. Even I can see that."
"Scales are hard to digest."
"Right. I've asked around about you and your planet. You're dirt poor. You take convicts because you need the money and panthers are scary. But, you are not a scary panther. You're all fur and no bite. Here's some advice. Your planet will be very wealthy soon. You need humanoids for their hands. Hire them. Get skilled people not dregs of humanity. You'll need an accountant and a lawyer, either on retainer on another planet, or working for you on Planet Panther. Give them homes as part of their salary. Planet Panther is an unspoiled paradise for people looking for recreation and a stress free life. The experts you need will work hard to get your business. The Cosmos can offer generous loan packages for planets that are expanding their economy. Use those funds to build your infrastructure, like a proper spaceport. You won't have any trouble paying back the loans."
"Did Luna get in trouble for firing her laser?"
"No. It never came up because it was a legitimate measured response. It was smart thinking. You'll be a target because of your gold. You will need the presence of a military. Several saucers will do it. If crooks see a military readiness, they'll back off. Put every agreement on paper and never commit a percentage of your gold mine. Commit to a given amount of money, but not a share of a mine."
"I'm kind of overwhelmed."
"Do you have a support network?"
"Yes, I think I do."
"Use them for advice and de-stressing."
"A friend has a lake. I like to swim."
"There you go. You're on your way to a happy future."
"You've been wonderful."
"Just doing my job."
 # # # # # # # #
 Speaking of swimming in a lake. Meghan has had her meeting with Luigi and is discussing the results of that meeting with Winnie in the castle's lake.
"Luigi made Lucifus give us a spaceship!" Meghan reported
"What do you need a spaceship for?" Winnie asked. They were lying on two floating beds made out of plastic balls.
"I don't know, but that means we are a legitimate... something. Territory? Country? Satan is still in control of Hell. I don't know if he was punished or not. But, he's not as powerful now. Luigi wrote a new constitution for Hades and made Satan sign it. Satan was not happy."
"Will Satan change?"
"I hope not."
"I think I have water in my ear. You don't want Satan to change?"
"You heard right. Luigi set up a system to determine who would be in charge of Hell. Me or Satan. Think of 100 plastic balls, like those piles of balls all around the lake. Where'd you get those?"
"Galahad stole them so that Mammon couldn't build more of his wall."
"That's why he stopped. Tell him thanks."
"Will do. One hundred balls?"
"Right. Satan starts with 80 balls, I have 20. The sharing is based on populations. It'll change from year to year a bit."
"You'll never have 51% of the population."
"I know. But if Satan does anything wrong, he has to give some of his ownership shares to me. Luigi read out a long list of crimes that Satan had committed. For each crime, he had to give me more balls. Attempted genocide cost him eight. Murdering the miners cost him six. Plus he had committed a whole lot of smaller punishments. I have thirty-nine now and he has sixty-one. He has to pay Kyty some gold and if he doesn't, I get five more." 
"That's really sneaky. Luigi is making Satan behave by threatening to take away his control of the underworld."
"Right. That's like a dagger poised over where his heart would be if he had one. He'll never be anything other than a raging misogynist. But that doesn't matter now because the new constitution locks him up tight. I can't believe what Luigi put in it."
"Like what?"
"We can place security forces at the border and they are allowed to carry Tasers. No devils are allowed in before 5 pm. Devils cannot come drunk or drink inside of Hades. Devils who don't abide by that rule can be expelled and denied further access if our security forces deem it necessary." 
"Buy the really high powered Tasers."
"I get to say when female souls are allowed out of torture pits, but Hades has to pay our share of the torture pit costs. Also, we will receive our share of the contents of the Bank of Hell's reserves. We can establish our own Bank of Hades. I know we have accountants that can handle that."
"Any bankers?"
"No. Earth's banks have never allowed a woman to become an important banker."
 "That works out well for you. You don't want bankers in Hades. They're nothing but trouble. Speaking of trouble. What happened to Grynch, Fylybstr, and Mammon?"
"Their testimonies were critical in revealing everything that Satan did. Planet Panther sent Fylybstr back to Hell. None of them will be alive long, but Luigi said the Satan wasn't allowed to litter outer space with his personnel decisions any more. I don't know what he'll do to them. Something fatal, I expect."
"You said that Luigi gave you advice?"
"Yes. I made a mistake by creating pleasure palaces to entice the devils to Hades. He said that we can't complain about Satan creating pleasure palaces if we create them ourselves. He wasn't too happy about the whole concept of pleasure palaces. He said that they caused untold suffering on the women incarcerated in them."
"He's right."
"I know. I don't know why I did that. I have very good news. Do you remember that operation where Asmodeus had received gold from Hell and/or Lucifus? [The Coconut of Truth, book #31] They couldn't admit that it was their gold, or else they'd be charged with something."
"I remember."
"So, that gold ended up in Harry's office safe. Luigi asked Satan again if it was his gold and Satan had to say that it wasn't or he'd have to give me more balls. Luigi gave the gold to Hades. Satan was close to popping his scales off his body about that."
"With that gold, you can start building again."
"We can. I can't imagine any rulings that would be more favorable to Hades. And, Satan had to agree to them."
"He's still dangerous."
"If the SSS comes into Hades and causes damage, we take pictures. We can take those pictures to Harry and, if he deems that Hell has invaded Hades, that will cost him fifteen balls." 
"Harry's back to being the area cop again?" Winnie asked.
"Yes. The Cosmos Ministry of Justice extended his jurisdiction to include Hades and Hell treaty violations. That confusion about the new minister really helped us. Kyty too." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 36

"We'll that went remarkably well," Harry said from his spaceship pool.
"You did a good job on the script I wrote for you," a voice from that pool said.
"Dolphins have good memories. I was a little concerned that I'd come back into the room too soon."
"They wouldn't know how long it would take for you to get out of the tank and for me to get in. What did you do to give the fake me a bass voice?"
"I changed the bass levels on the transmitter. It was a simple adjustment. You really socked it to Satan."
"The only way for Hell to survive is for the women to take it over. The Cosmos won't be patient about their deadlines. They'll neutro-bomb Hell. The threat of the women taking over may keep Satan on the straight and narrow. There's nothing he hates more than female devils."
"Especially now that they have humiliated him. Somebody had a great plan."
"Yes, somebody did."
...
"So, how's Momaka?" 
"She's doing great. She was able to dump the dragon alter ego and says that she loves being normal now."
"Petey?"
"He's ten years old. We gave him a bootlegged copy of the Harry Potter series for Christmas. I've been showing him how to cast a spell with a wand. He won't believe me when I show him the correct posture. Claims Harry Potter does it properly. I haven't told him that Harry Potter didn't exist."
"He won't believe it. Somebody in that series knew about spells," Harry said.
"Yes, it was remarkably accurate."
"Kyty's son believes that James Bond was real. He named himself Double Ought because of him."
"James Bond, 007, license to kill. He's famous for his favorite drink. Martini. Shaken, not stirred. Do dolphins enjoy fish based martinis, Harry?"
"I didn't know there were any."
"I'll make you one."
...
"Ta-dah. A shrimp-tini. Shaken not stirred."
"How'd you get that shrimp in that glass, Magic Man?"
"First, you have to find an alcoholic shrimp."

Back to the Table of Contents


Chapter 37: Epilog 

Winnie, Meghan, Maddy, and Galahad were meeting in the castle's boardroom. Lillian, Joe-Joe and Keely were special guests. With the risk of being called in front of a truth ray now unlikely, all the details of the operation had been revealed. 
"We have a gift for you," Winnie began to wrap up.
"Why?" Lillian asked. "We didn't assist in your operation at all."
"You still get a gift. Maddy picked it out."
Maddy slid a small, flat gift-wrapped package across the table.
...
"Mammon's Wall of Shame plaque," Joe-Joe announced.
"His reign of terror is over," Lillian said. "Thank you Maddy. This means a lot to us."
"I just used it to make Mammon go ballistic. I didn't know about you guys." Winnie had to explain who you were. "The gift was her idea."
"I understand that you like receiving hugs," Joe-Joe said as he rose and walked around the table. Lillian and Keely followed.
"I do?"
"That's what Winnie said.
"Here's a Joe-Joe hug." 
Joe-Joe's hug began with a bear hug, followed by a squeeze that expelled all the oxygen in the lucky huggee's body, followed by a 360-degree twirl.
Hug adverse ug adverseMaddy gave Winnie an anguished look in the middle of the twirl.
Got'cha back, Maddy!
 # # # # # # # #
"You wanted to see me, Minister?"
"If you're Justice, I did."
"I'm Justice."
"Take a seat."
...
"Nice desk. What's it made of?"
"Solid concrete that's been finished so that it will hold a shine. I don't normally have such a mess on the desktop. My predecessor didn't believe in filing papers away.
"Is this a picture of your wife?"
"Yes. From our courting days. She still had a bit of her hair. Our planet has quirky DNA."
"What planet?"
"Spud."
"Did she come to Cosmos with you?"
"Yes. She found a nice rental. Our three girls are in Spud. They're all grown up. Did you finish your investigation satisfactorily?"
"Yes. I submitted my report to my boss and he said that you wanted to see me."
"I've been researching you. Why did you take the name Justice? That's not your real name."
"Justice is what I bring to planets. My real name is not very impressive."
"And the way you introduce yourself? I am the light that will lead you to the truth. I am Justice. Why that?"
"Planetary investigations should never be necessary. I want the people to see something they've never seen before. Something that reveals the power of the Cosmos. I don't want the people to forget what happened."
"You officiated at the investigation of Angelion, I understand."
"Yes. It was one of the most horrific crime scenes I've seen, not just because the men were raping their own women, but they had been doing that for a very long time."
"How'd they get away with it?"
"I don't know. Planetary inspections should have caught them decades ago."
"Why didn't they?"
"No idea. Planetary inspections operate under a different ministry."
"I understand that a non-Angelion woman discovered the cure for their supposed genetic disorder."
"Yes. One of Heaven's scientists was a victim of that disorder. She took it upon herself to study the disorder. That search came up with a solution."
"Heaven?"
"Heaven's angels are assigned to be guardians of humanoids on Earth - a pre-civilization planet. Angelion is the home planet of those angels."
"Which explains why she had the disorder."
"Heaven was very influential in my discovery of the rapes. A military angel watched and taped three days of rape. He suffered badly as a result."
"My predecessor left a cryptic note to himself. I discovered it within his mess of paperwork and I'm trying to make sense of it. The note read: Angelion. Justice. Truth ray. He left instructions for you to be called up here when you had finished your current inspection. Do you have any idea why?"
 ...
I believe so. News of the Angelion atrocity would have spread through the Cosmos if it weren't kept under wraps as we do in this kind of case. If the investigation or my ruling were challenged in court, and that challenge succeeded, it would give the Cosmos and the Ministry of Justice in particular a very bad image. The reference to 'truth ray' was probably a note to himself to check that the truth ray had been employed throughout the investigation."
"Isn't the truth ray always employed?"
"In most cases, yes. Sometimes not, for example when a confession carries equal weight. In this case, we had three different cops investigating and they used the truth ray in every interview. I can assure you, Minister, that this ruling cannot be appealed successfully."
"Good to know. I suppose that you keep what you do on your investigations and your findings confidential."
"Of course. But sharing is permissible and at times necessary within the Ministry of Justice environment. In the case of Angelion, I was heading a team of several justice operatives. We all shared our findings and our intentions broadly. That's absolutely necessary within a team environment."
"Of course. I understand that you have operated individually in many of your cases."
"Yes."
"Do you prefer those?" 
"I enjoy performing all of my operations, Minister."
"I expect that some of your operations are very sensitive. If news circulated that you were investigating a sensitive case, that could be very damaging. Have you ever been tempted to share? Perhaps with a friend? A husband?"
"Minister, I follow the rules in all of my operations."
"Let's find out, shall we? Truth Ray on Justice." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Books in the Wilizy series

As of October, there were thirty-six novels in the Wilizy series. Check below to see if you've missed any. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 




Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 


Book #20: The Champion Kisser

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 


Book #21: The Champion Kisser 

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 

Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 

Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 

Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.

Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 
Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 

Book #27: Bring your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 

Book #28: Queen Karita's Revenge

In this book, a brown-supremacist, power hungry politician uses her drunken army to subdue Nevada and Utah. The Wilizy use 'free trade' to defeat her. Readers will also learn about a strip-teasing jail-bait assassin, underage mortals entering and leaving Hell, Molly Moonblossom at work, the word 'gazendogalapadus,' Winnie becoming a mother, and Karita's cockamamie revenge. 

Book #29: I am the Light

In this story, you'll read about an R-rated welcome home costume, a bright light that talked, Sheila' and Stook's unwilling assassin, a pregnant ghost, a horse that could whinny a song, a female starship captain that was punished for exceeding planetary speed limits, an angel with vampire teeth, and a drug boss who wore pink panties that were far too small for him. The bra fit nicely though. 
Book #30: Cathog

Asmodeus' plan to capture Galahad, Shields and Winnie is two-thirds successful when Winnie finds out what has happened. She knows that her efforts to rescue them might end up with a trip to Planet Corpse, but walks into the trap anyway. Justice investigates Satan and Burger King but can't prove anything. They go unpunished. Spoiler alert: No cat-hogs were harmed in the publication of this novel. 


Book #31: The Coconut of Truth

Reese succeeds in his first trial by using a truth-compelling coconut. Marie's adjusted babysitting body is effective, but disconcerting. Justice offers Winnie a smoking hot time if she takes on a solo operation. This will present Lucy, Ricky, Fred and Ethel in cameo appearances before an unconventional God. Winnie solves the case with smoke and mirrors. She didn't need the guillotine at all. 


Book #32: Merly

Readers will meet Merly, a young teenage mermaid who doesn't want her father to marry her to the highest bidder. (Almost extinct mermaids are a valuable marriage commodity in the Cosmos.) Merly uses two devils, PornoGuy and Old Geezer, to illustrate what will happen to any husband if he touches her. Here's some advice if you run into her. Don't listen to her singing. She has a potent E I E I O.

Book #33: Yes! Dragons Exist!

Merly's mermaids bring watery justice to Blubber-Guts, a grossly overweight inner pentagram devil. Meanwhile, the Wilizy family sends a sailing ship into battle against Esteemed Cow Pie's nuclear tipped missiles. Not to worry. The Valkyries had their giggles locked and loaded. The super-secret agent who infiltrated the Wilizy in Book #3 is revealed. You have 150 pages to guess who it is.


Book #34: Return to Sender

In a legal battle, Heaven's lawyer (Fluffer-Doodle) defends the mermaids against Hell's Fylybstr who claims that they are piscine (fish) terrorists. A tribunal composed of a jolly green giant, a black panther, and a pink-faced humanoid investigate further. They rule that Hell has to remove all the plastic from Earth's oceans. Unfortunately for Hell, Winnie has an idea how they can do that. 


Book #35: Lilith Loves Sugar-Coated Doughnuts

Winnie tries to help planet Boogie-Woogie defend itself from Earwax, the head snout of planet Piggity-Wiggity. Maddy helps an egg collector from Chicken Island get justice. Satan gets rid of Hell's women devils. A devilette named Lilith defeats Princess Guinevere in a hearing and, in the process, solves all of Satan's plastic and hygiene problems. She becomes his trusted spy. 






Book #36: SHRIMP-TINI: Shaken, Not Stirred 

Karita and Reese put away a deviant Beverly Hillbilly who had committed 'Murder by Horse.' While Winnie is skewering a rancid potato from Planet Spud, Maddy and Meghan are using construction tools to defeat the SSS in the Battle of ToxiCity. Hell doesn't give up and tries to use melted plastic balls to incarcerate them for life. Lilith tries to call in the Cops but Harry can't hear the case. Oops.

 
About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents

