Sirens


Sirens
Copyright © 2014 by M.M. Gavillet
All rights reserved.  Printed in the United States of America.  No part of the book may be used or reproduced in any manner without the written permission from the author.  This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidences are the product of the author’s imagination, any resemblance to real events, locations, persons living or dead, are purely a coincidence.
Front and back cover designed by M.M. Gavillet.
Smashwords edition
For my family—you know who you are.
Chapter One
Hannah
Humans are stupid creatures—all of them—stupid.  But that was good.  It gave me the advantage, and made manipulation so much easier.  I’d done it many times without getting caught by the ever watchful eyes of the librarianship and guardianship.  They were always enforcing their laws, their way of doing things, and meddling in the lives of the enchanted community.  They made our lives miserable, especially for me.  I was wanted by them for crimes that were simply a product of my nature.  Instead, they claimed I was inflicting harm on humans.  But what do they know?  
Librarians and guardians hide in the basements of human libraries all over the world admiring the magical implements they’ve stolen or tortured the members of the enchanted community for their entertainment.  Besides, it’s one of my qualities to twist nature and manipulate those around me.  I was simply following my instincts, and no one was around to stop me. 

I could hardly see the dance floor from the mass of humans all jumping around like crazed baboons to circus music.  I gazed down on them like a queen that they didn’t know they had ruling them.  They were oblivious, and would probably never know what I was about to do to them.
The music was so loud, it made the glitter filled air vibrate.  The pungent smell of alcohol mixed with sweat swirled around me like fog.  They had already lowered their inhibitions—I could see it in their eyes, smelled it in their sweat, and sensed it pulsating all around me.  The air was stagnant, perfect for executing an enchantment.
I walked down the glass stairs to the gyrating mass of humans.  Their skin was covered in the glitter-sweat combination and the room filled with the aroma of their hormones infused with the delicious poison of their mixed drinks, beer and wine…they were ready for me, and I for them.
I inched my way through the dancing crowd letting my hips sway side to side in rhythm with the beating music.  I ran my fingers through my long hair, extending it out in full, like a cape.  Like a call to order over the wild masses, the crowd started to turn towards me.  They knew I was here. 
More came in, tantalized by my aura that I displayed proudly. I was like a peacock, and they were entranced by colorful feathers. I had captured their short span of attention. I could see the same expression in their eyes as I ran my hands down my neck, across my breasts and bare stomach.  They wanted what I had, but they really didn’t know what I had—they just wanted it.
The crowd thickened around me.  The music thumped like ceremonial drums. Laser beams flashed like colored lightning so quickly, everyone danced in choppy, slow-motion movements.  It was like I had transformed this dive of a club into an enchanted wonderland.
As if the beating music, twirling lights, and air so thick with scent, made the beast I created able to act on its own.  I was the center of this frenzy, and loved it.  They could think for themselves, but only with the thoughts I had allowed them.  I danced with them, letting them touch their queen, dance with their queen, do as they please to their queen.  I am at the center, and they wanted to be near me.  Nothing else mattered at this moment in time.  
I smiled at the manipulation masterpiece I had created from the balcony above the crowd.  If only it could last…
Suddenly, a strong hand grabbed me.  I felt his hot anger and disgust drive through me like a spike into the earth.  He twirled me around.  I knew who they were without them even introducing themselves—guardians.
“Put a stop to it now, or pay a much larger price.”  He looked down at me with his dark eyes.
I studied him for a moment and then smiled.  He was young…inexperienced.  This might be fun.   
“You’ve never handled a siren, have you?”  I teased before I jumped off the balcony to the awaiting hands of the crowd below that caught me on my unspoken cue.  
They quickly passed me along towards the doors. I mentally commanded them to stop the two guardians at the bottom of the staircase.
“Kelan, she’s getting away!”  One of them yelled, and I laughed.
My army of horny humans gathered around the stairs, blocking the two guardians from getting through to me.  I smiled and waved at them before I went out the door and into the humid night.

I walked down the darkened sidewalk, and then took cover in a dank alley.  Garbage and other refuse sat along with me as I leaned against the paint-chipped brick wall.  I do not fear any human or enchanted being that might be lurking here.  I have strong manipulation powers to overcome them.  There was something much worse that I feared, and it was inside of me.
I dropped to the filthy ground. The feeling I had created and relished in at the night club, faded slowly like an addictive drug leaving the bloodstream.  I am alone and not just now, but every day in this city of thousands.  
I lowered my head to my bent knees and let a single tear roll down my cheek.  I hate to cry and wanted no one to see me cry, not even the stars overhead blocked out by Chicago’s brilliant lights.  I knew they were there and can see me, even though I can’t see them.  

I stayed the night in the alley, and now the sun was slowly illuminating the city instead of the multitude of colored lights.  I went back to my tiny apartment and lonely existence.  The mental rope I clung to was beginning to fray.  How long could I hold on? 

Mae
I had ten dozen eggs left to sell at the farmer’s market.  I had already sold all of my tomatoes, cucumbers and cantaloupes the first hour I was here.  It was Saturday morning, and the market was busy with excitement.  Now, if I could just get rid of these eggs.
I looked at the crowd of people, and bit down on my bottom lip.  I could use persuasion.  No.  I made a pact with myself that I’d never use it, except in emergencies.  Wait, this was an emergency.  It was getting warm, and I had eggs to get rid of with no refrigeration.  Styrofoam cartons only keep eggs cool for so long, and if I bring home a lot of unsold eggs…
I closed my eyes, drew in a deep breath, and then let it out.  The familiar tingling sensation ran over my skin as I let the sweet scent of enchantment secrete through my pores and drift through the crowd.  The invitation had been sent, now for the message.  Executing an enchantment was kind of like riding a bike—once you learned how you never forgot.
“I’ll take two dozen eggs,” a woman said holding out a twenty dollar bill in front of me.
My eyes popped open and I smiled.  Wow, that was fast—much faster than I remembered.
“Great, here you go,” I said giving her change back.
“No, just keep it.  I really just appreciate what local farmers do and like the fresh produce.”
She walked away with her eggs in tote as I looked down at the twenty dollar bill perplexed. Maybe I had used a little too much persuasion in my enchantment.  More people started to come, and in the matter of ten minutes, my eggs were sold.  But it didn’t stop there.  Soon a crowd formed around my station.  They didn’t just want farm fresh eggs, they demanded them.
“Are you going to be here next week?”  An old lady asked as she wiggled her way through the crowd.
I nodded quickly with a friendly smile.  She returned the smile and then wiggled her way back into the crowd.
“You only brought a few dozen?  What kind of vender are you?”  One of the organizers of the farmer’s market asked with criticizing eyes.  “You do realize we are one of the biggest markets in Brown County?”  He raised his chin and walked away.
More people came. I frantically folded my table up and tried to tell people that I would be here the following week as calmly as I could.  Internally, I cursed at myself for even considering using persuasion.  What was I thinking?  I wasn’t thinking.
Even though I tried to neutralize the area, it wasn’t fast enough.  And now, not only did I sense them, I saw them—guardians. I gasped in fear as they stood and gazed over the crowd from the convention building’s balcony that overlooked the farmer’s market.  Guardians hadn’t come to this area in a long time, and of all days to use my ability. There were two of them.  One was a petite blonde girl, and the other had dark skin and a scar on his cheek. They knew I was here, but couldn’t locate me in the mass of humans.  Good.  
If I couldn’t control the crowd, I had to redirect them.  I scanned the other venders quickly, and then spotted a girl selling potatoes.  She had long, perfectly curly blonde hair, big blue eyes and large boobs—the perfect stereotype for a siren. Fortunate for me, I looked nothing like the siren image that the guardianship had painted.  I blended in with most humans on the outside, but on the inside, I was very different.
I closed my eyes, concentrated, and made the hungry crowd turn towards her as she yelled out the different kinds of potatoes she was selling. They nearly attacked the girl holding up her produce to draw in customers.  I hated to do it to her, but what was I to do?
Suddenly, the girl screamed, and the large tubers she held in her hands flew through the air.  One landed on top of an old man’s head causing him to spill his drink all over the man standing in front of him.  The surprised soaked man turned, took a step backwards, and bumped into a small table.  It teetered and then collapsed as two cages containing rabbits, burst open.
I glanced up at the balcony.  The guardians had spotted the potato-selling girl and went down the stairs that led to the market below.  I continued to gather my belongings, and then slipped into the thickening crowd.  I tried to stop the enchantment I had created, but now it had a mind of its own.  The best thing I could do was leave, and it would slowly dissolve.
I shoved the final crate into the bed of my pick-up truck, and left the scene as quickly as I could.  I couldn’t wait to get home.  
The fresh summer air blasted me from my rolled down window as I drove down the highway.  What were guardians doing in Deadwood of all places?  I’d lived here for five years now and never saw one.  I seldom used my abilities, and decided a long time ago that I should never use them.  They are simply too powerful and dangerous.  
“You dumb ass girl,” I said lifting up the rear view mirror that had fallen off the windshield a week ago.  I glared at myself wishing I could use my own enchanting abilities on myself, so I wouldn’t use them again—no matter what.
Suddenly, ominous red lights flashed behind me. Great, I was probably speeding, but I wouldn’t know, the speedometer is broken too.
The gravel lining the side of the highway crunched from under my tires as I searched for my driver’s license.  It wasn’t in my purse.  I remembered I had changed purses before I left, and it was at home.  
“License and registration please,” he asked standing beside my window.  “Do you know how fast you were going back there?”
“No, sorry, I didn’t…I mean…I guess I was thinking about something else and didn’t pay attention.  Sorry.”  I smiled at him trying to look into his eyes covered with mirrored sunglasses. 
He remained stone-faced as I looked at my pleasant expression in his silver glasses.   
“License…registration, please,” he prompted again.
“Oh, yeah,” I turned to my purse.  “They’re in here.”
I didn’t have my license, but I did have a fuel saver card from a local gas station and with a little enchantment….
Deep breath…steady…and release slowly…
He looked at the card then at me, and then at the card again.  I remained calm while I panicked on the inside.  Satisfied, he handed it back to me.
“Your license is going to expire soon,” he said in a flat tone.
I looked at my fuel saver card with raised eyebrows. Now to produce registration papers. A receipt I found on the floor passed for them, and I was off the hook with only a warning. I did it!
The officer took off and I headed home, slowly.

A rumble of thunder groaned form the darkening sky.  Large cumulus clouds flashed with lightning, and the sun was slowly consumed by them.  I quickly unloaded my truck and went inside before it started to rain.
The air was thick with moisture.  Everything in the kitchen felt like it was damp, and as I reached for the chain to turn on the ceiling fan, someone grabbed me by the waist.  I let out a scream and tried to twirl around ready to strike when a familiar laugh echoed behind my ear.  
“Hey, it’s only me,” Nolan wrapped his tanned arms around me and pressed my body close to his.
I let him hold me for a moment as I let my racing heart slide back into my chest.  I turned around and gazed into his pale blue eyes and curled my arms around his waist.  I nestled my head into his chest and tried to calm my nerves from doing two enchantments and nearly being scared to death.
“Mae?”  Nolan questioned.
“Shhh,” I cut him off.  “Just hold me.”
Nolan held me as the thunder, lightning, and wind outside I felt were strong enough to threaten our very existence. 

Sophie
“I hope you understand why we have to do this,” Mrs. Witherspoon said sitting behind her desk. “It’s just that Ann is getting older and she needs,” she rolled her eyes like she was searching for a pleasant word to say to a person she didn’t care for.
“I understand,” I said with a smile putting an end to the uncomfortable situation.  “Ann needs someone with different expertise since she will be starting a different school soon and I agree, she does need someone who can help her succeed.  I’ve reached the stopping point to my time with her.”  I pushed back tears and knew this day would come, but I didn’t know how much it would hurt.
Mrs. Witherspoon’s face eased as the perfectly manicured garden erupted in full bloom outside the window behind her.  A white vase filled with all the garden’s glory sat on her desk like a trophy.  Everything at the Witherspoon estate was perfect, and expected to be perfect as well as useful.  I was nowhere near perfect, and my usefulness had expired.  I was now faced to live in America.
“Good, I am glad you understand Sophie, and this action is in no way a reflection to your performance as a nanny. There just comes a time when we have to move on.”  Her green eyes were a carbon copy of her daughter’s.  “I will send a good review to the librarianship on your performance.”
I stood up with a nod, and exited her study.  I’d have to have my bag packed before their evening meal and out the door before the sun faded into the horizon.  I maintained my composure until I reached my borrowed bedroom.  
“Sophie, are you in there?”  Ann’s voice whispered behind the closed door.
I grabbed a tissue, wiped my eyes, and glanced at my reflection in the mirror.  I couldn’t avoid looking like I had just cried my eyes out.
“Sophie,” Ann repeated.
I opened the door with a full smile as she quickly came in and shut the door.
“I’m not supposed to be here.”  She looked up at me with her emerald eyes.  “Mother said that a quick goodbye is all I need.”  She crossed her arms as tears welled in her eyes.
“Come here,” I said as I hugged her and rested my cheek on top of her head.  “I’m going to miss that smell.”
“It’s Aveda shampoo.  You can get it online and think of me every time you use it.”
“No, silly,” I said looking down at her.  “Not the smell of your shampoo…I’m going to miss your smell.”  I twirled a long section of her coal black hair between my fingers.
“Is that something that only sirens can smell?  Does everyone have their own scent to you?  Kind of like wearing perfume.”  She was serious, and missed what I was saying.
“No, it isn’t like that.”  I sat on the bed that was stripped of its linens, and patted the mattress inviting Ann to sit with me.
She looked at me with her large, innocent eyes that were on the verge of becoming a young lady.  They were large and as green as a countryside meadow untouched by anything poisonous.  They were always filled with wonder and the desire to understand everything and everyone.  It made teaching her very rewarding and easy—something I’m going to greatly miss.
“When you were a tiny baby you smelled like powder.  When you started preschool you smelled like glue.” She raised her eyebrows. “Just listen.”  I reassured her.  “When you were eight you smelled like chocolate…and now, you smell like all those things,” I said tearfully as Ann gave me a confused look.
“So, I smell like chocolate smothered in glue and dusted with baby powder?”  She asked wrinkling her nose.
I laughed between my tears.  “No,” I said looking into her eyes.  “I’m going to miss you growing up and becoming the beautiful lady you will be someday.”
Ann smiled and then pulled something from her pocket.  “I want you to have this.”  
Resting in her cupped hand was a small, clear marble.  I looked at her and then at it.
“It’s a mailing sphere.  I took it from my mom’s desk and don’t worry, she’ll never miss it.” She smiled proudly at her mischievous action.
“Ann,” I said turning towards her.  “I can write you with letters or e-mail you.  I can’t take the sphere that belongs to your mother.”
She looked down at it as it rolled in her cupped hand.  She lifted her green eyes to me.  “E-mails and any letters are gone through before they even reach me.  I’d never get anything from you, even if you mailed me a letter every day.”  She looked back down at the sphere.  “Mother would make sure of that.”
My eyes shifted between Ann and the sphere.  To take it would risk the security level I was placed at which was and always had been white—meaning I was an obedient siren.  But at the same time, Ann was right.  She would never receive any letters I would write or see any e-mails.
I gently took the sphere from her hand, grabbed my purse, and put it inside a small zippered pocket.  I looked down at her with a smile as she wrapped her arms around me and squeezed tightly.  I curled my arms around her with a smile on my face.
I’d been with Ann since she was a tiny baby.  I was merely a young girl at the time, and now I was in my mid-twenties—I should have children of my own. I watched her grow, and now I felt I was being ripped away because the librarianship recommended that I leave.  I was risking everything to be able to communicate with her, but isn’t that what a mother does?  
I tightened my hug.  I knew I wasn’t Ann’s true mother, but where do those boundaries lie?  I loved her, cared for, and nurtured her just like a mother. I wasn’t going to sever those ties that had been growing since the day I came here.

Beannca
 “Hey Bea, we need more wine glasses for tonight,” Bridget said as she walked through the dining room.
“I’m ahead of you as usual.” I carried out a tray full of salt and pepper shakers and started placing them on the tables.  “I brought them up from storage, washed them and hand polished them until each of them shined.” I was proud of the job I had done.
“Honestly Bea, I don’t know what I’d do without you.”  Bridget went behind the bar and got out her date book.  “Now if I can just get the cake here on time it will be perfection.”  She put on her reading glasses and started going through her book and made the final phone calls to confirm everything for tonight’s wedding reception.
I had worked for Bridget for two years now, and loved every minute.  I liked working with the public and mingling with the elite of the librarian and guardianship.  I had served many head guardians of several districts here in America as well as overseas.  I felt I had finally found my place in a world most of my kind never do.  Bridget’s upscale restaurant called The Glass Guardian, had been my oasis in the desert of opportunities for sirens.
I carefully arranged each table until I felt it was perfect.  No matter who or what kind of party we had booked, I made sure everything was perfect.  I even decorated by stringing up white lights, toule, and silver streamers.  I smiled at the transformation the Glass Guardian had become.  Most of the time, it was a restaurant and bar frequented by guardians and librarians.  Just recently, Bridget decided to renovate a closed section of the building she owned, and cater events as well.  It was a good move for her and made my job all the more important.
“I’m going home to get cleaned up.”  I set the tray that had the shakers on down and smile at Bridget.
“Please tell me you’re not going to wear that black dress again.”  She gazed at me over her glasses waiting for an answer.
I raised my eyebrows and shook my head.
“Ugh,” she said shaking her shoulders in disgust.
“What?”  I set my hands on my hips.  “It’s a classy dress.”  I tried to defend my taste in dresses.  
“For the past three wedding receptions, you look like you should be going to a funeral.  Come on, Beannca, we’re going shopping.” 
“At this hour?”  I glanced at my wristwatch shaking my head.  “The stores will be crowded.  We’ll run late.”
“Not in Avalon, dear,” Bridget said with a smile.  “I have connections there, and we’ll be back lickety-split.”  She bobbed her eyebrows up and down, giggled, and then grabbed my wrist rushing me out the door.
Before I knew it, we were standing under the portal inside the library a few blocks away that would take us to Avalon.  I’d been to Avalon three times, and each time I went, was like opening a jewelry box that hadn’t been opened in a long time and you forgot what was inside.  The buildings sparkled under the indigo colored sky sprinkled with stars.
Bridget did most of her shopping not only for her restaurant here, but personal as well.  We went to a dress shop called Vine where I was fitted with a shimmering gold dress.  It brushed against my knee with a scooped neck and sleeves that delicately reached my elbows.  
“Perfect.  Now you look like my assistant, and not one of a funeral director,” Bridget said as I looked in the mirror and couldn’t agree more.
I tried to get Bridget to agree on me paying her back, but she insisted that it wasn’t necessary.  When she made up her mind, there was no changing it.

The wedding reception was to start in about thirty minutes.  I made the final preparations from having enough liquor to plenty of toilet paper in the bathrooms.  Our clientele expected perfection and I strived to please not only them, but Bridget as well.

“You look absolutely gorgeous,” Bridget said to the bride dressed in a gold tinged gown with sparkling beads.  “Wasn’t it just yesterday you were taking classes at the library and making your introduction at the Ball?”  She teased as the bride nodded her head.
I stood, as I always did, two steps behind Bridget.  I had to be prepared for anything and be on my toes for any mishaps that might happen.  Even though I was dressed just like one of the guests, I usually didn’t have the luxury to enjoy the party.  I had a job to do and now I could see him through the crowd—the one thing that would make my job hard to do.
“You look absolutely gorgeous, Beannca,” Aaron said lifting my hand to his lips.
Aaron with his dark hair, fair complexion, and eyes the color of cinnamon, would make any woman swoon with his movie star qualities.
“Not now, I’ve a job to do,” I said in a low voice as Bridget moved through the crowd, and I moved with her on my invisible string.
“Come on, I bet you bought out all of the toilet paper in a three mile radius and have enough liquor for two more receptions along with polished glasses.”  Aaron knew me all too well as he gazed down at me with his sparkling brown eyes.
I gazed up at him and smiled.
“One dance,” he said following me.
I glanced over my shoulder at him and shook my head.
“Go on Beannca, or he’ll follow us all night.”  Bridget turned and winked at me.  “I’ve got things under control.  Remember, I’ve been doing this for thirty years.”
With Bridget’s blessing, I let Aaron guide me to the dance floor.
“You really do look pretty tonight.”  He complimented again.  
“Why thank you, and you look handsome.”  I smiled back as we twirled on the dance floor. 
It was times like this I felt myself deepen into my niche.  I was a siren, yes, but I felt I was slowly being accepted into their society.
“We are going to vacation in Avalon this summer and I’d love it if you’d come.”  Aaron smiled down at me.
“You don’t even have to ask, I would love to join you.”
“Good, because we need a capable attendant to serve us as we travel the North Fork River.  And Bridget recommended you.”  I stopped dancing and looked up at him as his lips curled into a smile.
“You jerk,” I said reaching for his hand.
“Bea, you can always take a joke, but really, I think it’s rather hot that you serve me…in bed maybe,” he teased as he pulled me close.
There was a point when I got too close to Aaron, and my body felt like a magnet.  I pressed myself to him, our lips barely touched when the sound of glass crashing cut my enchantment.
I turned and looked all around the room to find the source of the chaos.  People had stopped dancing, and concerned mumbling hummed through the crowd.  Whatever happened was at the bar.  My first thought was that a tray of glasses had fallen from the shelf.  As I pushed my way through, I could clearly see that it was much worse.
“No,” I said as I looked down at Bridget laying on the floor.
Her eyes were closed and white foam was coming out of her mouth.  I could hardly believe what was happening.  I tried to reach her, but Aaron pulled me back as I watched my only true friend in the world cling to life.
 
“It was a reaction…possibly an allergic reaction,” the doctor said as I stood in the waiting room along with several guardians, and as always, behind them.  “I’m sorry, we did all we could.”  
His words echoed in my ears as I dropped to my knees.  Aaron lifted me up and cradled me all the way to my apartment.  He stayed with me that night as I cried and let the shock of Bridget’s death soak in.

The next couple of days were a blur.  Aaron was busy helping his father with Bridget’s funeral.  She had no family and no one named as benefactor to her estate.  Everything went to the guardianship, as was the written rule under those circumstances.  Not only had I lost a very good friend, I more than likely lost my job, my existence, and my whole everything.

It rained the day of Bridget’s funeral.  I stood away from the crowd of librarians and guardians that encircled Bridget’s grave.  It was my place now.  I was once a part of a community, and now I was back teetering on the fringes of it.
Aaron came over to me as the rain poured down.
“I’m sorry, Beannca.”  His voice was tender.
“I know so am I,” I stared ahead not really looking at anything.
“No, what I mean is,” he said as I looked up at him.
“What do you mean?”
From behind Aaron, a woman with the same colored eyes peered coldly at me.  She looked at my dress and then raised her eyebrows.
“Aaron, say goodbye to your friend, and then get in the car.”  She instructed quickly gliding towards the vehicle.
“Your mom?”  I questioned after she’d gotten in the car. Aaron replied with a nod.
Aaron tried to say something, but stumbled with his words and shook his head instead. He ran his hand over my shoulder as his cinnamon colored eyes filled not with sincerity, but empathy.  I pulled my eyes from him.  When Bridget died, so did our relationship.  I had to be strong, not let him see how he hurt me as I tried to push the tears away.
“What I was saying before…”
“Just…just stop,” I said raising my hands and stepping away from him.  “I know.  You still like me, but you can’t see me anymore…I understand Aaron Gorick, I understand.”
And with that, I pushed him away and ran through the rainy cemetery and away from everything I tried so hard to fit into.  I’d never be considered a member of their society. 
I ran several blocks with the moisture rich clouds overhead as a reminder that it was spring.  Everyone I passed had raincoats on and carried umbrellas over their heads.  I walked by them in my sparkling dress.  My feet and head ached as I went to my apartment.
Water pooled on the floor from where I sat.  What was I doing?  Why did I let myself believe that I could be one of them?  I was who I was and there was no changing that.
I got up and started to take off my dress.  A few beads hung loosely on the sleeve and I noticed one had completely fallen off.  I looked at myself in the mirror.  Who was I trying to fool—me of them?  
I could see my whole body in the full length mirror.  I glared at myself and stood inches from it as if to challenge the girl who stared back. Hot anger filled me as I practically ripped off the dress Bridget had bought me.  What was she doing buying me this dress?  So I’d fit in?  I would never belong in their intricate world no matter how much I polished their wine glasses, pleased their every whim, and let them mess with my emotions.
I stood in front of my mirror naked with the destroyed dress piled at my feet.  I would never be one of them, and I didn’t want to be one of them anymore.  I wanted to be who I was—a siren.
Chapter Two

Hannah

My coffee maker just broke and I didn’t even have a single tea bag in the apartment or anything that might contain the drug I craved now—caffeine. I scrounged up enough money and decided that I would go grocery shopping.
It was cloudy out, and the spring air had cooled dramatically from the rain the other day.  I wished I would have worn a jacket.  This time of year the weather was unpredictable and could change at a moment’s notice.  
I looked up at the grey sky in hopes of seeing even a small amount of blue, but the heaviness of the clouds looked like a promise of more rain. Why didn’t I get groceries the other day when the sun was out?  I curse at myself for always waiting for the last minute to get the things I needed.
I turned the corner and then stopped.  The grocery store was another two blocks away, and the only thing I needed was instant coffee since my coffee maker decided to die.   People dressed sensibly for the weather walked past me going in all different directions.  A door opened and shut as a mob of people with muffins, donuts, and the inviting scent of coffee from their stylish cups, walked past me.  I inhaled the tantalizing smell, and like a zombie, I followed that scent into the upscale coffee shop.
It was busy.  A long line of people stood in front of the counter as the employees scrambled making the hundreds of different kinds of coffee.  I couldn’t afford the coffee here—not even a drop of it.  I felt the five dollar bill in my pocket.  I was tired of always scrimping by.  As I stood there feeling my lonely bill in my pocket and at the prices of the beverage I craved, I decided that I didn’t have to scrimp by anymore.
I was getting good at executing enchantments, and easily slipped through the long line, got my coffee and out the door with my five dollar bill still in my pocket.  I walked back to my apartment sipping my coffee with a smile of satisfaction.  Now that’s how a siren is supposed to live.
The elevator to my apartment was broke forcing me to take the three flights of stairs.  Maybe I should use a little persuasion on the landlord to fix it.  I had nearly finished my coffee and stopped at the end of the hallway to get my keys from my purse when I heard voices.  I looked up and saw two pale-skinned men dressed in black suits and eyes covered in dark sunglasses.  I looked at them, and they looked at me as they stood in front of my door.  They almost looked like twins and stood close to each other as if an invisible string connected them. They could be guardians.  Did they know that I just did an enchantment?
“Hannah Black?”  One of them asked.
“Who wants to know?” 
“You are the siren that lives here?” The other one asked. 
I studied them and smelled the air.  They didn’t have that musty basement stench that I could sometimes smell in the presence of guardians.  Feeling it was safe, I nodded as I made steady eye contact with them.
“The Green Man sent us to invite you personally to his Spring Fling,” said the first man who spoke to me.
“Spring Fling?”  I questioned.  I had never been to any of The Green Man’s parties before.
“This Saturday at nine,” he said handing me a bright green envelope.
The two men left with a nod and glided down the stairs.  I went into my apartment, sat my purse down, and then opened the envelope.
A light breeze whooshed across my face upon opening the invite.  It smelled of lavender mixed with rain.  I looked down at the blank piece of paper and wondered if it was a joke.  I was just about to throw it away, when a small dot formed on the paper revealing a smiling face.  More and more dots—almost like rain was hitting it, exposed more of the picture.
A man with wildly colored hair gazed happily back surrounded by dark clouds that quickly cleared and a meadow filled with colorful flowers danced behind him.
“The Green Man here and I’d like to invite you,” he started to say and then looked away as if he was talking to the person holding the camera, “Hanna Black to my Spring Gala!”  He said with a smile.  “It will be held this year in the southern foothills of Shangri-La this Saturday.  Portal time is at nine sharp, and will be at the portal in the Fisher Building, thirtieth floor.  Make sure you bring this card for entry.  Hope to…” Suddenly the picture disappeared with a puff.
I looked down at the blank card wondering why he was inviting me. The Green Man was a celebrity among the enchanted community, and I didn’t know why he had gone to great lengths to invite an unimportant siren.  I continued to stare down at the card when a tiny arrow-shaped leaf with jagged edges materialized on the paper.  Slowly, my name appeared in curling letters.
I smiled and then went to my closet.  I flipped through all the skirts, jeans, dresses…I had nothing to wear.  I had to look important—like I was a rich siren. But what do you wear to Shangri-La?  It looked like I would have to go shopping.	

Mae
“Oh my,” I said hardly believing what I saw on the T.V..   
The reporter went on to say that a chain of extraordinary events occurred at the farmer’s market in Deadwood causing a propane tank to explode at the grill-off contest section.  No one was injured and the fire was contained.  I felt relieved no one was hurt.  She ended her report with the battered scene of market behind her stating that this was something that you’d only see in the movies, not in Deadwood, Kansas.  
Nolan leaned over and turned off the television, and then glanced back at me with questioning eyes.  I smiled and continued to cut up the carrots I had just pulled out of my garden.  
“So you think chicken tonight…maybe with mashed potatoes?”  I looked down at the carrots not wanting to look at him.
“Mae,” he said my name and then cleared his throat.  “What happened at the market?”
I didn’t answer.  The only sound in the kitchen was the sound of me running the potato peeler and potato skins as they slapped against the inside of the sink.
Nolan tucked his finger under my chin and made me look him in his eyes.  I smiled and wiggled my chin out from under his finger.
“I sold all of my eggs there,” I replied and continued peeling the potatoes.
“Extraordinary events…only in the movies…”  He shook his head.  “Mae, you did an enchantment.”
I stopped messing with the vegetables, and drew in a deep breath.  Nolan knew who I was and what I was capable of.
“Yes, I did an enchantment,” I admitted.  “It just got a little out of hand…at least no one was hurt.” I added.
Nolan raised his eyebrows.
“I know I promised to never do one, but I had so many eggs to get rid of and,” I tried to look pitiful, “I wanted to make you proud of me.”
Nolan stared at me for a second before his usual warm and forgiving smile flashed at me.  He stepped around the counter and wrapped his arms around me.
“I am already proud of you, but if you would have gotten caught.”  He held me tighter.
I had to tell him the rest of the story.  I had made a pact with him to always be honest.  I turned around resting my hands on his strong arms.
“That isn’t all,” I said.
“I knew it wasn’t.  What else happened?”
I told Nolan about how the mob got out of control, and how I diverted them to the girl selling potatoes.  I also told him I saw two guardians, but they didn’t notice me. 
“Mae, you’re going to have to be careful.”  His voice was soft and filled with concern more than anger.  “If those guardians would have seen you, they would put you into a book.  And trust me.  Sirens don’t have a good reputation with guardians.”
I drew in a breath as I ran my hands along his forearms.  Nolan had a tattoo of two birds facing one another.  They were in black ink, and looked like a crest about the size of a half dollar.  All guardians got them, but not all guardians lived by the same code.
“I also got out of a speeding ticket with only a warning,” I said with a slight smile.  “I used an enchantment and managed to control it.”
Nolan looked displeased.  He removed his hands from me and walked over to the window.  The room fell in silence and I wasn’t sure if I hurt him or angered him.
“Nolan,” I said his name testing the waters.
He turned around.  “Promise me Mae White-Gorick that you won’t do an enchantment again, even if it is life or death.”  His words were sharp.  “The guardians can’t find us.”
I walked over to him and laced my fingers through his.  I felt I was taming a wild and angered beast.  I kept my eyes locked with his and smiled.
“I promise I won’t do an enchantment again.”  
Nolan’s face eased, and I knew no matter what, I could never risk everything we had, everything we had built together, and threaten our safety together—even if it did mean life or death. 

Sophie 
I sat in the lobby of the underground library awaiting my orders.  Just ten minutes ago, I was in England, and now I was in Chicago.  The portal had brought me here in the matter of seconds, but hundreds of miles separated me from Ann.  I tried not to think about her, and wondered instead of what the librarianship was going to do with me.
Sitting across from me was the guardian that had brought me here.  He was reading a leather bound book with no markings as to what it was about.  It almost looked like a journal.  He hardly talked to me, and I wondered if this was the temperament of the guardians here in Chicago.  I was use to friendly conversation, and the exchanging of pleasantries.
The lobby had been a bustle of activity, and I wondered how long I would have to wait.  The library was beautiful, and I had passed the time by just looking around at the architecture.  The ceiling faded into a dark blue color sprinkled with tiny orillions that looked like stars.  It reminded me of an infinite night sky, though I knew it was only an illusion to give the feeling of space.  The librarianship and guardianship were like that—always making the spaces they inhabited beautiful and welcoming. At least that was the feeling I had felt.  What lied ahead for me was uncertain, but at least I had a good clean record in my favor.
“That looks like an old book,” I said finally out of curiosity and boredom.
The clean-cut guardian glanced passively at me and then turned the page of his ancient-looking book.
“It’s an old rubrics book for guardians.”  He finally replied with his eyes still on the book.
“That’s interesting.”  I smiled at him.  I tried to keep my pleasant demeanor, and knew he didn’t owe me any conversation, but I wasn’t used to this much cold behavior.
The guardian made no other attempts at conversation, and I let the idea of it go.   
“Sophie White,” I jumped at the sound of my name being called.
I stood up, smoothed my skirt and walked up to the tall counter.  A woman with black hair pulled up in a bun and dark liner around her eyes, shuffled papers and then looked up at me. The guardian accompanying me, put his book away and stood beside me.
“You need to report to the Fisher Building for now.  In two days someone will contact you,” she said and put a small cell phone on the counter.  “That is all.”  
“What do you mean that’s all?”  I asked with an agitated expression from the already nasty looking receptionist.  “What are my arrangements to be?” I pressed anyhow.
She let out a long exasperated sigh.  “We are over-booked and under-staffed.  Your file will be reviewed when we have time, and placement will be designated at a later time.”  She sounded like she was reading from a brochure. “Or if you like, you can stay here the next few days and wait for someone to assist you or go and stay at the Fisher Building.  The choice is yours.”
I nodded at the receptionist and took the cell phone.
I had never been put off like this, and wondered with sickness as to where I would be living and what the family would be like.  They usually put sirens in care of small babies until they reached school age.  I could only guess where I would go, and for now I would be staying in a building called the Fisher Building.  I’d never heard of it, and thought of asking my quiet-as-the-dead guardian about it, but chose to be silent. 

I was on the thirteenth floor of the Fisher Building in a room all by myself.  It was scantly furnished—just the essentials.
I sat down on the bed.  It was soft and comfortable.  The window had a view of the surrounding buildings and I could hear the wind rush against the glass.  I walked over and looked out at the street below.  Cars and people went this way and that oblivious to those who lived on the thirteenth floor of the Fisher Building.  It was a secret level only known to librarians and guardians.  The humans would never know of us.  Though I know at times, our lives had touched, but would forever be the jurisdiction of the librarians.
Suddenly, I heard a thumping sound.  I turned around and peered through the dimly lit room.  Everything was quiet.  I must had just been hearing things.  Then it thumped again.  I realized that someone was at the door.  Should I open it?  I wasn’t told that someone would come to the door.  I hesitated and let the person on the other side keep their knocking.
“I know you’re in there, and I just want to welcome you,” a friendly voice said.  “I live next to you and know that your name is Sophie and you came from England.  The guardians aren’t too helpful in the welcoming party division, so that’s why they hire me.”  
The voice was male, but had a charm to it.
I went over to the door and unlocked it.  I opened it only a crack, and saw a man with wild hair that looked like it didn’t know what way to grow, so it grew in all different directions.  He was a jolly looking character with a green robe on and his twinkling eyes smiling back at me.  Compelled by his friendly appearance, I opened the door a little more as he smiled.
“Ah, a siren.  I wasn’t sure exactly what sort of enchanted creature you were, but I’m glad to have you as my neighbor and look forward to getting to know you.”  He then handed me a tin that had roses painted all over it.  “They’re cookies that I made myself.  I like to bake.”  I took the tin as he shrugged his shoulders.
“Thank you, but I’m only here temporarily.  I’m awaiting placement with a family.”
“You’re a bit old to be adopted aren’t you?”  He asked and I shook my head.
“Oh, no, not me, but a family that is in need of a nanny.”  I smiled.  “That’s my occupation.”
He smiled with a nod of his head.  “I hate to be the one to break this to you, but most librarians are not in need of your services.  That’s why you’re here.  You are on a list of the enchanted community that they don’t know what to do with.”  He looked at me with his penetrating eyes.  “And as far as you having an occupation—you don’t.”
No one had ever been that blunt with me, and my neighbor had said it so casually.  I nearly dropped the tin of cookies as my hands trembled.
“How do you know of this?” I asked.
“I’ve been with the librarians for a very long time.  I know their system, their rules and what they do to the enchanted,” he said.  “I’m sure at the portal station they were full of information about the services they offer, and eager to help you find a family in need of a nanny.”  He raised his eyebrows. “Don’t worry,” he placed his warm hands on mine steadying them.  “I’ve seen your kind many times.  You are passionate sorts when you find what you like.  I’m sure you’d give your life to the child that you had taken care of.  Family is important to you and yet when you think you’ve fit in, they relocate you with only good things to say about your services.  And that’s it.”  
A sudden realization fell down on me like leaves giving into winter’s invitation.
I felt the threat of tears sting my eyes.  I looked away.  Ann had loved me, and I loved her.  I was her friend, and the one who soothed her nightmares, fixed her scrapes when she learned to ride a bike, and read to her every night.  I was more than just a nanny.  I was like family.
“Well, I can see that this is something that you’ve not thought about, and I’m sorry to be so blunt, but dear,” he said as he glanced over his shoulders, “may I come in so we can speak privately?”
“Oh, yes, sorry.” I stepped aside and closed the door behind him.
He looked around and made a ticking sound with his mouth.  “Dreadful, don’t you think?”
“Yes, my life…it is, and I never thought of it that way.”
“Oh, not you, dear.  Your apartment.  It is in desperate need of decoration.  This looks like a prison.”  He gazed around the room.  “I can help you with that.  We’ll go shopping tomorrow.”
I looked around the colorless room.  “But I’m only to be here a short while.”
He turned his head slowly and smiled.  “Oh darling, you’re so naïve.”  He walked towards me and stood in front of me.  “I was told I would go back to my forests.  That was almost a hundred years ago.”  He chuckled slightly.  “I’m going to guess the family that employed you paid for this apartment for you to live in.  I guess they feel guilty for kicking you out.”  He shook his head.
“But I’m a nanny, and I love working with children,” I said in a desperate voice.  “It’s what I do and what I’m good at.”  I couldn’t hold the tears in anymore.
“Come dear, it isn’t all that bad, and you’ve got me to help you.” He guided me to the sofa and sat beside me.  “You just have to look at this as a new direction in your life.”
“But why didn’t they just tell me?  Why be so secretive?”  I asked through my sobs.
He took my hand and I felt a sudden comfort.  I usually didn’t get too personal with strangers, but he was different, and I didn’t know why, I just did.
“It’s the way of the librarianship.  You are a tool to them, and most don’t tell their tools what they are going to do with them.  Like I said, don’t look at this as the end of the line.  Think of this as a corner, curve or if daring, a spiral into a world that you belong to.”  He chuckled.  “And to think, you have the company of The Green Man to guide you along!”

Beannca
I had to leave.  I had packed a suitcase and was to report to the library.  Everything that I had was gone when Bridget died.  She had been my official caretaker.  I still felt I could pick up the phone, call her, and she’d answer with a “what now, Beannca.”.  She had been not only been in charge of me, but she had become my friend, and I missed her.  
I looked at the dress she had bought me crumpled in the waste basket.  It was still beautiful even torn to shreds.  I pulled it out, and shoved it into my suitcase as I left my apartment and headed towards the library.  I couldn’t just throw Bridget away like that.
I knew I’d be given new living arrangements and place of employment.  And I knew it could be anywhere in the world.  I was a good worker for the librarianship.  I always followed their rules and did as I was asked.  Why? 
I was outside the library.  A cold spring wind curled around me.  People, humans that is, went into the building expecting to find a good book, look at magazines, or attend an event the library was holding.  I was here at the mercy of the librarianship that held their offices in the bowels of the red brick building with arched windows and owls perched on the corners forever watching the people below.  What the librarians and guardians did to us wasn’t right.
I tried to fit into their world, but I would never be a part of their world.  I was a siren, but I’ve only known the description of a siren through the librarianship.  I felt the anger that had boiled inside of me last night, begin to boil again.  I had declared myself a siren last night, but I really didn’t know what that was. I felt it again radiate from the top of my head to the tips of my toes.  I didn’t know what it was, and the only thing I could label it was instinct. 
I looked at my wristwatch.  It was one in the afternoon.  If I wanted to maintain my perfect record and remain Beannca White, then I had better be prompt.  I took a step towards the building.  My skin began to prickle as I tightened the grip on my suitcase.  This wasn’t right.  I took another step just out of obedience.  I thought I was going to be sick.
“You don’t have to go,” a male voice said behind me.
I turned to see Aaron dressed in a black suit with a tiny silver pin on his jacket.  It was the crest of the guardianship—the one thing that divided us.  
“I don’t think I have a choice.”  I insisted.
Aaron pulled me aside as concern filled his eyes.
“They think it was poison that killed Bridget.  And the guardianship is leaning towards you as a suspect.”  His eyes searched mine.
“What?”  I asked barely able to draw breath.  “I loved Bridget…she was my friend.  I don’t understand.”  I tried to remain calm, but somehow it didn’t surprise me that the guardianship would point their finger at me.  
Aaron glanced around quickly and then guided me to his black limo.  We got in, and he sat across from me.  He tapped on the smoky glass divider, and we took off.
“So…are you wanting one last roll in the sheets before you turn me in?”  I asked sarcastically. 
“No,” he said with seriousness, “because I believe you are innocent.  The guardianship wants who is responsible, and you are the easiest and most believable target they have.  It’s a good thing you left your apartment when you did.  Guardians went there to arrest you.  I barely made it to you Bea.”  His voice was filled with sincerity.  “And I’m not going to let them have you.”  Fire erupted in his eyes.
I leaned closer and reached for his hands.  They were strong, caring hands that I wanted to hold forever, but knew it would never be possible.
“I’m taking you somewhere safe,” he said as the car stopped and Aaron flung the door open.
I got out and looked up at the tall building with sea creatures carved into the yellowish stone.  Beautiful windows glistened down at me as the hustle and bustle of the city filled the air.
“This is the Fisher Building,” Aaron said as he stood in front of me. “Jack or you know him as The Green Man, lives here and has agreed to protect you.”
Chapter Three
Hannah
I had no money to buy an amazing dress, but I did have the ability to use persuasion in strong doses even in the most delicate situations.  I wanted to look really hot for the Green Man’s party.  I knew there would be a lot of important members of the enchanted community there who owned companies and businesses in this realm and others.  I would get to rub elbows with the elite, and maybe one of them would like me.  Then I’d be offered employment, and make real money.
Even though it was the nature of sirens to use persuasion, I hated to have to depend on it all the time.  I wanted for once in my life to make an honest living.  Everything I had in my apartment was purchased by my talent.  I enjoyed using persuasion, and to use it was as natural as breathing, but I wanted to something more.  I knew the librarians provided employment and even schooling for the enchanted community, but when you’re wanted on several counts of enchanting, the only place for you is in a prison-book.  
I wanted to change my life, and the Green Man’s party was my only chance—I had to make it work.  And to make it work, I had to look the part.  
“Can I help you?”  The sales clerk asked as I stepped into the store filled with dresses that started at the rate of my monthly rent, that is, if I paid rent for my apartment.  
I smiled at her.  The enchantment I sent out was already ahead of me.  
“I’m looking for a dress to go to an important party.  I need something sophisticated and not too sparkling.  I also want it mid-thigh, but not too short.  I want it to be elegant with enough glam that it isn’t boring,” I said as the clerk nodded obediently at my request.
“Have a look over here,” she said as we went up a flight of stairs to an open balcony, past the plastic enclosed wedding dresses and through another door.
The clerk had led me to a smaller room filled with all kinds, colors, and styles of dresses.  Some were displayed, but most hung on racks in the plush carpeted room with a chandelier overhead.  Half circle windows lined the outside wall.  An iced bottle of champagne sat on a small table under the windows with glistening etched glasses beside it.  The room was luxurious, not that the rest of the store wasn’t nice, but this was where the important people got to shop.
“This is our exclusive design room.  Most of the dresses here are one of a kind, and are made by Vine.”  She motioned with her hand at the racks of dresses.
Vine.  That meant this store had a connection to the Fae world since Vine is a Fae owned company.  Librarians probably shopped here.  I wonder why she had brought me here. She must be able to sense who I am through the enchantment.  First time for that. For right now, I was the only one in here and I’d have to be quick just in case a real librarian might decide they needed an amazing dress.
My persuasion was working well on the clerk, and I scanned the dresses quickly.  I knew what I liked and found a dress in the matter of minutes.  I pulled it off the rack and held it up to me as I looked in the mirror.  It reached my mid-thigh, and was covered in looping rows of silver sequins.  It was sleeveless, and would hug my every curve.
“That’s a new one,” the clerk said.  “Here, it comes with a wrap.”  She held out a shear piece of grey material.
I held the wrap in my hands.  It was very soft and so delicate that I thought I would have ripped it if I put it on.
“It’s made out of silk from Atlantis, and is very strong.”  She took the wrap and tugged on it with her hands.  “See, even when I do this it won’t rip.  It was first used in the uniforms made for the Alliance there, and was just recently released for use in civilian clothing.  Vine of course, has exclusive rights to it.”  She was very informative and my enchantment on her was running smoothly.
“I think I will try this one on,” I said taking the wrap from her.
It fit like a glove and was almost like it had hung on the rack just waiting for me to come in and try it on.  My every curve was hugged and cleavage visible, but not too exposed.  It was sexy, sophisticated and perfect.
The sales clerk wrapped it up and put it into a box with a copper colored ribbon tied around it—like a present.
I handed her a fake credit card I got from a Monopoly game.  This would be my last enchantment, and it was for a good cause.  This dress…the party…it would be a new beginning for me.  She ran the card through the machine that was on a shelf in a small niche in the wall.  I stood behind her and watched.  She then turned around with a big smile and gave me the card back.
“Thank you, and would you like to leave your contact information?  Twice a year we have a show exclusive to just the librarianship.”  She asked in a pleasant tone.
“Oh, I travel a lot, and it would be hard for me to attend, but thank you for the invite.”  I replied quickly. 
She handed me my receipt which stated that my card couldn’t be read.  As far as she was concerned, it was a legit transaction. I signed her copy with a fake name and she showed me to the front of the store.
“If you change your mind about being on our mailer please let us know.”  Her customer service just didn’t stop. 
I nodded my head and headed towards the door just as a large group of young girls entered the store.  They were talking like a bunch of buzzing bees, and I had to say excuse me several times to get past them.  They let me through just as I caught their scent.  They weren’t just a group of giggling girls, they were young librarians.
My stomach lurched as I pushed the door open and into fresh air.  Relieved, I drew in a deep breath as I walked down the sidewalk.  That was close, and I was thankful that most of those young librarians didn’t have their reception abilities fully developed yet.
I turned the corner and smiled.  It was a beautiful day and I had an amazing dress to wear to the party.  Now all I had to do was work on my resume I thought to myself as I looked down at my gift wrapped package not paying attention to what was in front of me.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” said a concerned male voice.
I dropped my package and was nearly knocked to the ground.  A brown haired boy, tall and strong, hung onto my hand preventing my fall.  He was cute…young, and…smelly.  He wasn’t just a boy, he was a guardian. I could sense it.
I pulled my hand from his and picked up my precious package.  He could sense it too as more guardians gathered around catching up with him.
“Hey I think all the girls went to some clothing store not far from here.” One of them said looking down at his phone as my eyes locked with the brown haired boy’s.
“I’m going to get something to eat.  Do you guys want to go?”  Another one said, and soon I was surrounded by four very young guardians.
“You’re the siren…” he started to say and I quickly manipulated him with an enchantment.
“No, I wasn’t.” I looked into his eyes and pushed past them.
“Who was that, Kelen?”  One of them asked.
“Just some lady I accidentally ran into.”  The brown haired boy named Kelen replied.  “Come on, I’m hungry too.  Who knows how long they’ll be in the store.”
I smiled and wished all guardians were that easily manipulated.   

Mae
“Do you think the two guardians that I saw at the market are gone?”  I asked turning towards Nolan.
“Probably just passing through,” he said with his back to me.
It was Sunday, and the only day Nolan would sleep in.  The sun was barely breaking over the horizon, and I couldn’t help but to worry.  Something deep inside of me felt it had been interrupted, and now clouded over in murkiness.  Just like the still waters of a pond, the past sediments of my life had been disturbed. Something was coming, something was changing, and I couldn’t put my finger on it.  I didn’t want things to change.  I had all that I wanted right here next to me and around me.
Nolan loved me so much, he quit or more like was dismissed as a guardian.  He did it for me and for us.  We lived under the wire of everything in this nowhere place of Deadwood, Kansas. And we were finally happy. 
The guardianship had been silent in our lives for over a year, and now suddenly they showed up. 
“Are you sure they were just passing through?”  I asked resting my chin on Nolan’s shoulder.  “Why would they stop at the market?”
“Why do a lot of people stop there?  It’s a popular market, and maybe they were on vacation.”  Nolan turned to me and looked at me with sleepy eyes.  “Mae, quit worrying about it.”
I drew in a deep breath wishing I could turn it off.  Nolan pushed back my hair and pulled the sheet around us like a cocoon.  I nestled my head in the crook of his shoulder and let out a satisfied sigh.  I reached for his hand and laced my fingers through his.  His hands were beautiful, like an artist had sculpted them.  They used to be a lot softer, but since Nolan had been with me, they had turned calloused and tortured. Even through the cuts, blisters and a couple of scars from working on our little farm, I still found them attractive.  
“I like your hands,” I said my thoughts aloud.  
Nolan chuckled as he examined them as well.  “And why do you like my hands, if I dare ask.”
“Because they are strong and even though they are roughed up, I still find them attractive.”
Nolan flipped his arm around and I caught a glimpse of his guardian tattoo.  Even though I was aware of it, I hated to look at it.  Nolan had chosen me over a prosperous career as a guardian.  I knew he loved me, but sometimes that love scared me.  He had given up a secure life to be with me—a siren. And one that couldn’t even control her own power.
I pushed my fears away, and flipped myself over Nolan.  I pinned his arms down by his wrists, and smiled victoriously.  I pinched his rib cage between my bent legs as his eyes widened at my sudden movements.
“You know the chickens aren’t going to be happy if they aren’t let out soon,” Nolan said with a smile.  
“You’re thinking about the chickens right now?”  I asked in an agitated voice.  “Really…the chickens, they can wait.”  I lowered to kiss him with my hands still holding his wrists.  “Make love to me Nolan,” I whispered.

Not only was Sunday a day to sleep in, it was also the day I did the laundry, cleaned the house, and weeded the garden.  I loved the solitude of the countryside, the fresh air, and the openness that surrounded our two story farm house.  
It was mid-morning, and I had nearly weeded the whole garden.  Nolan had gone into town to pick up a few groceries.  I looked at the weed-free garden, proud of my hard labor.  I leaned against the hoe, and wiped the sweat from my forehead as I smiled at the colorful bachelor buttons blooming in array of blues, pinks, and lavenders.  They were cute flowers that graced the edge of my garden for a couple of years now, reseeding themselves every year.
Just as I started to turn away, a gust of wind swirled around me and through my garden like an invisible snake.  The wind chimes fluttered, and the cawing of a blackbird poisoned the peacefulness with its shrilling call.  Suddenly, a distant memory crashed into my thoughts.
A hand pulled me through a large crowd all moving in one direction as the rumble of thunder erupted in the distance.  I was a child, scared and wondering where I was being lead to.
“Hurry Mae, the portal won’t wait for you,” a woman with the same color of eyes as mine said in a worried tone.
My little legs were numb from walking for so long.  The woman pulled harder on my hand as we approached a silver ring that looked like a frame of a mirror that stood on end.  White and silver liquid filled the inside of the frame that looked to be twenty feet tall.  I stood in awe of its amazing stature.    
“You be good, listen to what they say, and you’ll be fine, little daughter,” she said giving me a kiss on my forehead.
Before I could say anything or kiss her back, another hand grabbed me.  She called me daughter. I reached for her, but the crowd of noisy people separated me from her.  A blast of light, fragmented faces and voices filled my head.  The woman with the same eyes as mine had haunted my dreams and visions since I could remember.  And that woman was my mother from a place and time that had been erased.  I knew now who she was, but where I had come from and my past had all been conveniently erased by the librarianship for my own protection.  I knew this, and also knew I wasn’t alone.  Other siren children suffered the same thing when our world crumbled.
Her voice, the hum of the portal, and all the welcoming faces that were foreign to me, faded as I sat on the ground.  The wind blew gently, and the wind chimes played a soothing tune.  I stood up with a sharp pain radiating from my stomach and down my legs.  I had sat too long and it was obvious from the water hydrant I had left on to fill up a bucket of water.  I stood in a pool of water and mud and… something red.  
The striking color covered my bare legs and stained my socks.  I suddenly felt another wave of pain run through me.
Not again…

Sophie
All those years raising Ann, the relationship I had with her, the future we would have had, were gone.  She would miss me, yes, but then she’d forget me.  I would eventually grow into someone that had been there as her nanny until she started school.  Soon her life would be filled with other things, and I would be pushed farther and farther back into her memories until my name would just be associated with a title.  
I looked out the window at the people below.  My eyes, as if magnetic, were drawn to a mother and daughter crossing the street.  The girl had long dark hair that reminded me of Ann’s.  That could be us crossing the street.  I’d take her to her first day of classes and pick her up when she was done.  I’d be there for her and maybe help her with homework.  I would have an important place in her memories, and an important place in her life.
“Sophie,” I could hear the Green Man’s voice through my locked front door.  “Sophie,” he repeated.
“Coming,” I said opening the door.
He was dressed in a long green coat edged with black satin on the collar and cuffs.  His fedora style hat had peeks of his wild hair poking out from under it.  I tried to contain my laughter at his jester crossed with circus ring leader appearance.
“You’re wearing that?”  He pointed at my long skirt and white blouse.
I looked down at my ensemble.  “What’s wrong with it?  Any respectable nanny would be dressed this way.”
He shook his head and made that same ticking sound from his mouth that he made from first examination of my apartment.  “Oh darling, you are not a nanny, governess or a watcher of bratty children anymore.  Therefore, you cannot dress that way.”
I looked up at him pushing my tears back into my eyes.  I wasn’t a nanny anymore.  Ann wasn’t my responsibility or even in my life anymore.  I could still feel her though like an appendage that had been cut off and the ghost-feelings still remained.  
“Suck it up dear.”  The Green Man’s words shot through me.
“That’s rude.”  I protested with crossed arms.  “You have no idea what I’ve been through.”
“I beg to differ, dear.  You’re not the only one who’s been screwed by the librarianship or guardianship.”
I drew in a deep breath, and gained my composure.  “Thank you for inviting me to shop for decorations for my apartment, but I think I will pass today.”  I started to shut the door when his boot wearing foot caught the door.
“Not so fast, siren,” he said with a raise of his left eyebrow.  “All apartments need to have the proper style and I insist that we not only do this, but redecorate your attire as well.”
My mouth hung open, and my mind scrambled for the right words to retaliate with.  I wasn’t used to this kind of temperament, and I was getting tired of dealing with this rude neighbor. 
“I beg your pardon,” I said not coming up with anything else.
“Oh, come now.  You don’t have to beg me, you just have to come along, and I promise,” he said with a crooked smile, “you’ll have fun, and besides if not, I’ll be forced to call the guardianship to report your un-neighbor like actions.”
“Just for not going shopping with you?” I asked.
He tilted his head side to side as if contemplating the idea, and then smiled widely at me.
“Yes.  Now come on Sophie,” he tugged on my arm and pulled me into the hallway.  “We have a lot to do, and I don’t have all day to do it—got a party to plan.”

We went out of the Fisher Building and got into a limo that pulled up as if on cue when we exited the building.  The Green Man quickly got in and tapped on the smoked glass divider, and then we took off.
“Where are we going first?”  I asked as he pulled out what looked like a cell phone.
“A clothing store called The Little Black Dress.” He continued to look at his phone and then closed it.  He looked at me with a smile.  “I’m not taking you shopping until we fit you with the right clothes for a siren.”
He was beginning to irritate me.  He didn’t know what I liked or what my tastes were.  Who put him in control anyway?  And how much clout did he have with the guardianship or librarianship for that matter?
“And may I ask, what are the right clothes for a siren?”  I half laughed at him.
“It doesn’t really surprise me that you know nothing of your heritage or the history of sirens.  No, of course not.  You were taken as a young child like all the other sirens and your memory, if you had any depending on your age, was erased.  That’s why I was thrilled to have a siren living on my floor.  I know lots about sirens, and not only what they like to wear. You see the guardianship thinks you are as safe as a new born kitten, but those kittens grow up, and with the right training and guidance, can develop claws.”
I looked at him with surprise.  He claimed to know about sirens, which I knew nothing about, and I was one.  The only thing was, I never thought myself as one.  I was Ann’s nanny and before that, a student at the academies for librarians.  The word siren had as much meaning as saying the word hat, dress or coat.  I was told I was a siren, but that word never had a meaning attached to it. And to be obedient, I accepted whatever the librarianship told me. 
“I can see that I’ve confused you with a lot of information for you to digest,” the Green Man said as he tapped me on the hand with a smile.
Suddenly, the limo came to a stop.
“Ah, we’re here,” he said and opened the door.
We got out and the limo took off.  Nestled between two other buildings, was a large glass front building with the name The Little Black Dress in black letters painted on a silver background. 
“Come on we need to be on schedule,” he said opening the door and waiting for me to enter.
Inside was filled with everything from elegant evening wear to jackets and pants.
“Jack!”  A short man, nearly a head shorter than me, yelled coming out from between the racks of dresses.  He was dressed in a black vest and stripped pants.  His blonde hair was long in the back and thin on top and held in place with a black band.
He shook the Green Man’s hand vigorously and smiled.  “It’s been a couple of years since I’ve seen you.  How have you been?”  The man, who I could only guess was the clerk said.
“I’m well, and sorry I haven’t visited you, Sam.  You know, busy, busy, busy,” The Green Man, I know as Jack now, shrugged his shoulders and smiled.
“Oh, I understand completely.”  Sam replied in a jolly voice.  “I could only guess an important wizard as you finding the time to come to any of my parties.”  His laughter turned to slightly hurt-filled.
“Yes, yes, yes,” Jack continued to be jolly.  “It seems timing was the problem.  You know the guardianship is always wanting, wanting, wanting something from me.”
Jack was nervous, not only obvious in his actions, I could sense it.  I had suddenly felt it run through me like lightning and if I didn’t help him, I’d be standing here listening to Jack repeat random words three times in a row getting nowhere.
I cleared my throat and smiled at the elvish looking clerk with the pointed nose and beady eyes.
“My name is Sophie and Jack here,” I said nodding towards him, “said this was the best place to buy clothes for sirens, and had the most knowledgeable clerks working here.” 
A content smile erupted on Sam’s face as his eyes twinkled between me and Jack.
“Of course,” he said looping his arm through mine, “We have dressed many of the enchanted community.  Though I do have to say, a siren,” he emphasized as he winked at Jack, “is a true delight.”

I was taken to the back of the store where Jack and Sam sorted, agreed, disagreed, and eventually compromised on a selection of clothing for me to try on.  All the time while they discussed non-stop what would be best.
The second outfit I tried on was a pair of jeans with a cream colored top and crocheted vest in a light blue color.  I liked it, but somehow it wasn’t me.  As Jack and Sam went from section to section, I decided to look for myself.
I found several skirts, pants, blouses, and dresses that were nice and looked like they would suit me.
“No, dear, those won’t work.”  Jack said handing me a sapphire blue dress that looked like it would hardly cover my body.  “I think we have enough picked out for you that will work and this,” he pointed towards the dress, “is what you will wear to my party this weekend.”
I examined it on the hanger and gave Jack a questioning look.  “This is very,”
“You,” he finished my sentence.  “Now, go try it on.”
To pacify both of my clothes hunters, I put the dress on and it fitted like a glove.  The material shimmered, hugged my every curve, and gathered at the waist with a small rhinestone pendant.  It had one long sleeve and my other arm was bare.  I gazed at myself in the mirror, and for the first time I felt something had sparked inside of me.  Can a dress do that?
“Come out so I can see, Sophie.  I’ve got other engagements to attend to.”
I stepped out and got two surprised, speechless, and approving expressions from both Sam and Jack.
“Now that dress was made for you,” Sam said walking around me.  “Yes. Perfect. No alterations needed.”
Jack stepped in front of me with a giddy smile on his face.  “Now, you’re a siren.”
  
Beannca
“Sorry I am late,” Jack said coming through the door.  “My new neighbor has a frightful sense of fashion.  Had to practically pick everything out for her,” he said putting his hat on the hook beside the door.  “The request for my services never ends!”
I was sitting on the couch drinking a glass of wine I helped myself to waiting for him to return.  “Would you like something?  I make an amazing double pixie.”  I thought the colorful drink would suit his flamboyant personality.
“My favorite, but no,” he said sitting beside me and taking my drink from my hand.  “I save my consumption of other worldly spirits for the evening hours.”
I nodded my head thinking I’d overstepped my boundaries.  I was used to the night club-night life way of things, and sometimes it involved alcohol during brunch.  I couldn’t help but to feel slightly embarrassed.
“Thank you for having me.”  I looked at him and he replied with a smile.  “I mean with everything that is happening—I mean, I am really putting you at risk.”  He waved me off.
“If I felt it too risky, you wouldn’t be here.  I know you are thankful, and I like your guardian boyfriend—he has a good head on his shoulders.  And I would like to keep him as an ally, so I don’t mind helping him out whenever I can.”  Jack got up and went over to his shelf beside the fireplace.
Jack’s apartment was huge and luxurious with large windows, beautiful furniture, and every amenity available.  Even though I found my “safe place” amazing, I still wondered what was going to happen.  I had been here only a couple of days with no word from Aaron.
“Have you ever heard of a calling shell?”  Jack suddenly asked and turned around with something in his hand.
I shook my head and wondered if it was a mixed drink.
“I didn’t think so.”  He sat in the large leather chair in front of me.  “This,” he held up a palm-sized white shell with a large end that delicately swirled to a pointed tip, “is a calling shell from Atlantis.”
“It’s beautiful,” I complimented.
“That’s nice, but no it isn’t.  Not as beautiful as the other shells from where the sirens once lived.”  
I sat speechless as I looked at the pale shell. “What-what do you mean?”
He smiled, and then examined the shell by twirling it in his fingers.  “Do you remember anything about the revolution…the uprising…and finally the evacuation?”  I shook my head.  “You were probably too young to remember, and what little memory you had was probably erased by the librarianship.”  He sat the shell down with a delicate clank on the glass table.
I looked at the shell that sat between us.  It was a piece of my homeland.  I never thought much about it, but always wanted to know.
“What does it do?”  I asked.
Jack shrugged his shoulders.  “I really don’t know since sirens are the only ones that can work it.  But what I do know,” he leaned closer to me, “it can lead you back to Atlantis, your home.” 
Chapter Four
Hannah
I stood outside the Fisher Building and looked up at it.  People passed by unaware that I would soon be rubbing elbows with the enchanted community elite.  Humans had so many magical things right under their feet or existing with them, and never knew it. 
It was a quarter to nine when I entered the building and arrived on the thirteenth floor.  It didn’t take a genius to find the large portal just off the elevator.  The only strange thing—there were no other people.  There were also no attendants or anyone greeting people.  I wondered if I heard the two messengers right.
“Ah, right on time,” said a lanky looking man dressed in a bright blue, silk suit that sparkled in the light like newly fallen snow.  His eyes twinkled at me, and his hair went in every direction in short tuffs.  “Welcome.”
“You’re the Green Man?”  I asked.  
“At your service, Hannah.”
“I did get the right night, didn’t I?” I asked as I looked around the barren room.
“Yes, you did, and we will be leaving shortly.  Please,” he said motioning down the hallway with his opened hand.
Maybe everyone was meeting in his apartment for a pre-party of mingling before we would go to Shangri-La.  At least I hoped that’s how it would be.  
As we walked down the hallway, I heard no music or voices.  Everything was quiet.  Surely there would be commotion of the party that was supposed to be taking place.  Something was askew, and I felt it ping through me. What if this was an ambush set up by the guardianship, and they were using the Green Man to lure me here. That was possible, and he could have enough power to neutralize my persuasion abilities.  Why did he come and greet me in person?  Why not have one of his hired help to do that?
We stood outside his door as he pulled his keys from his pocket.  This didn’t feel right to me.  No other guests, no music, no laughter…
“What are you doing?  Trying to trick me?”  I grabbed his wrist.
He looked back at me shocked at first, then smiled.  “Cautious,” he said.  “I should’ve known that you would’ve been a little untrusting of me.  But I can assure you that my invitation is legit, and we will be going to Shangri-La.  Only there will be two other guests to socialize with.  They are sirens, and I’ll be frank with you,” he bent down to pick up the keys he’d dropped.  “I’ve a business opportunity for all three of you that will greatly interest you.”
We studied each other for a moment.  I then took a step away from him.
“Please listen, Hannah,” he said folding his arms across his chest.  “If I was going to rat you out to the guardians, I would have told them where your apartment was or have you captured as you got off the elevator.  I’m selective as to who I let the guardians know about.  Usually they are an enemy that I wish to get rid of, and why not have the guardians do the leg work and messy job of containing them?”  He smiled.  “Like I said, I’ve got a proposition for you, and two other sirens.  And it’s one that isn’t offered to many.”
He opened the door, and it swung open.  I peeked in as soft music filtered through the sweet smelling air that brushed past me.  It was inviting, and suddenly, I found myself inside with the door closed behind me.  
“You see, no guardians,” he said waving his arm through the air with a smile.  “Please Hannah, join us.”
Two other girls—sirens—gazed at me.  One had shoulder length blonde hair, blue eyes, and cleavage that looked like it could explode out of her red dress at any time.  She slightly smiled as she pressed her wine glass to her rosy lips.  The other girl had dark hair and doe eyes that looked at me curiously.  She sat on the chair with perfect posture as if someone had shoved a board down the back of her dress preventing her from ever slouching.  They were both pretty, but the blonde one was the typical stereotype for a bombshell of a siren.  The other girl had an innocence to her that made her look like she should be in a cookie commercial.  
“Hannah, this is Beannca,” he said motioning towards the blonde one.  “And this is Sophie.”
I nodded my head as Sophie got up with a smile on her face.
“Hannah, it’s a pleasure to meet you,” Sophie extended her hand and I gently shook it.
A sudden wave pushed through me upon her touch.  I seldom socialized with other sirens, and when I did, it was like meeting with any other person.  This was different.  It was like I had accidently touched bare electrical wires, and had received a momentary shock.  Her smile dropped from her face as she jerked her hand back.  Our eyes met.  She felt something too.
“So when do we get to go to Shangri-La, Jack?”  Beannca asked as she sat her glass down on the table.
“Soon, but first I have to ask all of you something.”  The Green Man motioned for me to sit on the couch next to Beannca.
“First of all, I’d like to thank all of you for agreeing to come to my party.”
“Is this it?”  I asked pointing between us three sirens.
He smiled.  “Yes, it isn’t about the quantity of guests, but the quality of them. And I wanted to have an intimate party this year.”  He let his gaze wander between us, and then rested his eyes on me.  “You and most of the enchanted community know me as the Green Man, which is my title, but I want you to call me by my real name—Jack.” 
Beannca let out a giggle.  She must have started her drinking early, or couldn’t hold her liquor.  Sophie gently nudged me on the shoulder and smiled down at me.  She had sat next to me on the couch, and handed me a glass of wine.  I hated wine, but didn’t want to be rude, so I took it with a thank you, and sampled a tiny sip.  It was surprisingly sweet, and before I knew it, I had drunk the whole glass as Jack gave us a short version of siren history.
Most everything he said, I knew.  Sirens had come from Atlantis, and were once used as moderators during negotiations, meetings, speeches or anything involving opposing sides or races that were at war.  Sirens used their persuasion to calm and open the minds of those involved, never control their thoughts or sway their decisions.  That was a long time ago, and very much forgotten.
At one time sirens held powerful positions and held a great responsibility, but that all changed when one siren used their ability for a price.  Two Mer tribes were at war, and when offered a big enough bribe, anyone would give in.  And after that misuse of power, high-ranking sirens were killed, others escaped and went into hiding, and others, mostly children, sought refuge with the librarianship.
“Do you have any memories of the evacuation, Hannah?”  Jack’s voice broke through my drifting mind.
I sat up as Beannca and Sophie looked intently at me.  I looked down at my wine glass that had been filled up again.  How much have I had to drink?
“If it bothers you too much, you don’t have to tell us.”  Sophie gently brushed her hand across mine.  “We were too young,” she said pointing between her and Beannca, “and our memories had been erased to recall anything at all.”
“No, that’s alright.  I don’t mind.”  I drew in a deep breath.  I’ve never told this to anyone before.  “I don’t remember much, just bits and pieces, but I remember my father the most.  He had red hair like mine, and liked to go swimming.  I was afraid of the water and he showed me to not be scared of it.  He wasn’t frightened of anything, and I never saw fear in his eyes, ever.”  I felt I was just telling a story, and it wasn’t my past, just a story that I knew.  “One day my father took me to the portal house.  There were lots of sirens, and people that I didn’t know at the time were librarians.  They took me along with several other children through the portal.  I left my father with tears as he told me to be good and I’d see him soon.  I never did see him again.”  Some memories should never be dug up.  “That’s it, that’s all I remember.”
Sophie handed me a tissue from her rhinestone covered purse.  I didn’t even realize I was crying.

Mae
Blood was the worst thing to clean up.  I used soap, bleach, and stain remover on my clothes to get out the evidence.  I couldn’t let Nolan know that it had happened again.  I felt my head swim, and knees shake as I stood beside the washing machine, and watched the evidence slowly dissolve.  Thank goodness it happened in the garden where the earth would soak up the rest of the mess.
I pushed back my tears, and clutched the side of the washer.  The washer shook as it started the spin cycle.  It hummed and vibrated under my fingers, causing them to go numb.  I wished my feelings could go numb as easily.  Tears welled in my eyes.
I had to be a disappointment to Nolan.  He had given up so much, and I couldn’t even give him the family he deserved.  I knew it was a miracle that I could even get pregnant at all, and a curse that it had to end before it even had a chance to grow.
“Mae, I’m home!”  Nolan’s voice yelled over the obnoxious washer.  “Mae?”  His voice questioned when I didn’t answer him.
I couldn’t stand anymore as another pang filled my stomach.
“Mae!” Nolan’s concerned voice curled around me.
He lifted me up as I cried wishing I’d just die.  I couldn’t go on this way, and neither could Nolan. 
There was blood everywhere—blood on my clothes, the floor and…the smell of death.  Just like a witch’s curse, it cackled at me, mocked me, and pointed its crooked finger at me.  I would never be what Nolan needed me to be.  He had given me everything, and I had given him a curse.

“You’ll be fine now, Mae.”  Maggie said in a soft voice.
I lay on my side and faced away from Nolan who stood in the doorway.  I couldn’t look at him or anyone right now.
“I know the pain is still fresh, Mae, but can I suggest something?”   Maggie asked and I forced myself to roll over.
Maggie was an older woman with salt and pepper hair and gentle eyes.  She lived in town and was a retired midwife, and was also Fae.  She was from Avalon, but trained under the librarianship’s medical fields.  She had been all over the world, and resided in two different realms during her career.  When I asked her why she settled here to retire, she replied with a smile, a shrug of her shoulders, and then said, why not here.  Maggie said Deadwood was like walking into the nostalgic paintings of Norman Rockwell mixed with the enchanting fantasy illustrations of Brian Froud.   It was simply a perfect place.  
“As you know, I’ve been to many places, and I can see that you two love and care for each other very much, and wish to start a family.  But family is a broad word.”  Her pale blue eyes flashed between Nolan and me. The smoothness of her voice usually always put me at ease, but I couldn’t help but to feel tense.  “I wouldn’t suggest this if I didn’t think there would be a way, but,” she paused as I gazed at her, “have you ever considered adoption?”
Nolan looked at the floor, and moved from side to side as he cleared his throat.  Adoption would be the logical choice, but I was a siren and Nolan quit the guardianship.  We were nothings, and no one would ever consider us as prospective parents.  The only way we’d become parents is if someone would leave a baby on our front step or I’d find one mysteriously in my cabbage patch.
“Maggie, I know you have our best interests in mind, but I don’t think we have a chance at adoption.”  Nolan stood in front of her and nodded.  “But thanks for suggesting.”
“I do have connections that could make a difference,” she said as she opened her flower print case she slung over her shoulder.  “Here, this is the card with the phone number of an agency that I once worked with.  They are good people, and they know that I know good people who’d make excellent parents.”  Maggie knew us too well, and handed the card to Nolan.  “Let me know if you’re interested.  In the meantime,” she looked at me, “rest for the remaining of the day and I’ll call you tomorrow.”
“I’ll show you out,” Nolan said as Maggie waved him off.
“No, I can show myself out, and don’t hesitate to call if you need anything.”
I listened to Maggie’s footsteps going down the staircase followed by the door closing.  Nolan paced the floor, and looked at the card that he flipped through his fingers.  I watched him as I laid my head on the pillow.  
“What do you think, Nolan?”  I asked and he stopped at the foot of the bed.
“I don’t know,” he replied, but I knew his head was swimming as much as mine.
“Nolan, let’s face it,” he lifted his eyes to me.  “I can’t be pregnant long enough to have a child.  It’s who I am, and maybe Maggie is right…”
“But are we good enough for them?” He seemed agitated.  “You don’t know all the paperwork, interviews, meetings, reviews and evaluations that we would have to go through.  If it has to do anything with the librarianship or guardianship, we don’t have a chance.”
“But Maggie could vouch for us,” I tried to be hopeful.  
Nolan brushed his fingers across my cheek.  “Rest now, and we’ll talk about this later.”
Nolan gently closed the door behind him.  I closed my eyes thinking of what Maggie had said.  She had connections…she could make our family complete.  My body began to relax, and my thoughts became slower.  A family was within our reach.  I felt sleep taking me over, and listened to the sound of waves…
I could see a little girl walking along the beach holding her mother’s hand.  She let the waves caress her feet as she danced through the warm water. The woman squeezed her hand, and they both barely escaped a wave that would’ve gotten the hem of their dresses wet. I giggled along with them, our voices mingled together.  I found myself in the girl’s place beside her mother, and was so close I could smell her loving scent.
“Do you know what this is, Mae?”  The woman with the same colored eyes as mine asked.
I looked up at her.  “It’s a shell, and a big one!”  I exclaimed, and she laughed.
“This is no ordinary shell though. Only sirens can use and find them.”  She knelt down, and I ran my fingers over it.  
Immediately upon my touch, the shell flickered with different colors and made a whistling sound. I gasped.  Frightened of the shell’s response to my touch, I safely tucked my hands behind my back.
“It’s alright, Mae.” She laughed.  “This is called a calling shell, and you did really well for your first time.” 

Sophie
Hannah had the luxury and curse of remembering what had happened to us as children.   I felt a mixture of sympathy and jealousy at the same time towards her.  She had visions she could hold on to, but also, she had been stung with the loss of her family.  My family, my true family, was a void inside of me that I wished I could fill.  I thought I had that with Ann and her family, but I didn’t and knew I never would.  I don’t know why I clung to that idea that I’d be welcomed and accepted in Ann’s family.  I was just their nanny, and nothing more.
“This wine is really good,” Hannah said pulling me out of my thoughts and back to our intimate party with Jack.
“Oh, yes, it is,” I agreed, and took a sip from my glass.  “This isn’t wine though.”  I looked at her.  She had the most amazing eyes.  They were bright green, like grass in the spring when it grew so fast and so vigorous, that it needed to be cut twice a week.  “It’s called ambrosia.”
“I’m sorry, Sophie.” Jack interrupted with a smile.  “It actually is wine from Shangri-La called by the fancy name of ambrosia.  And if we don’t hurry, we’ll be late for dinner.”  He looked at his wristwatch. 
“My apologies for misleading you about the wine,” I said as I put down my glass.  I felt awkward being around these two girls, especially Hannah.  I didn’t want to appear to be stupid, and in trying hard to avoid it, I managed to be exceptional at it.  I felt my cheeks redden.  
“Hey, it’s alcohol just the same.  And it wasn’t like you were giving me directions or something like that and I took a wrong turn.”  Hannah smiled warmly.  “There’s no need to apologize.” 
I smiled at her, and felt a sense of ease in her voice.
“So why did you just invite us sirens?”  Beannca asked, and I found it to be a rude question.  You don’t ask your host why they invited you.  I gave her a scolding glance—a nanny reflex that I had acquired through my years with Ann.  But she was an adult, and I hardly knew her.  My motherly ways were going to be difficult to shed.  
Jack went over to his closet and pulled out a heavily beaded and sequined jacket that looked like it had been dragged through a rainbow.  It had every color imaginable, and had a paisley design to it.  He smiled at Beannca, but didn’t answer right away.  I’m sure he thought the question a bit forward as well.  He adjusted his coat that flared out at the waist and nearly reached his knees.
Beannca took another sip of ambrosia as Hannah’s eyes met mine.  I shook my head at her and she covered her deepening smile with a sip of wine.
“I’m glad you asked, Beannca.”  I raised my eyebrows at his response.  “I like getting to the point, and not only do I want to have your company tonight, I have a request I’d like to ask you.”  He turned and looked at all three of us.  “But first, we must go or Iona will be furious with me.  I reserved her whole garden for this evening, and if we aren’t prompt, I’ll never be on her good list again.”
Jack opened the door, and we filed into the hallway, and towards the humming portal.  The entire floor was silent.  There were no attendants at the portal, which I always thought were supposed to be guarded at all times.  Jack, in his colorful coat, went over to a panel on the wall.  He unlocked it with a key and pressed several buttons before closing it, and locking it.
“I set the coordinates, and the portal should exit at the entrance to the Botanical Gardens of Shangri-La.”  Jack motioned for us to step under the portal.
Beannca nearly stumbled and I wondered if there was a law about traveling through portals inebriated.  Jack laughed at her, and then took her hand.  She looped her delicate arm through his and they stood next to each other.
“I think portals are the prettiest things,” Beannca said looking up at it.  “It reminds me of a starry night.”
“Yes, it does,” Jack said as Hannah and I stepped beside them.  “Oh please stand behind Beannca and I. The walkway from the portal there is a bit narrower, and Iona doesn’t want anyone stepping in the flower beds.
Hannah and I took our places behind them.  Her shoulder brushed against mine.  I glanced over at her as she looked up at the portal like a child filled with awe.
“I haven’t been through that many portals.”  She kept her eyes upward.
I looked up at the twinkling lights and swirling colors.  “I’ve been through many.  I used to take Ann, I was her nanny,” I said with my eyes still focused upward.  “We would go shopping in New York for her school clothes, and we used to take the portal at the library.  Lots of libraries have linking portals.  I do have to say, I’ve never been through one in a flat before.”  
This portal seemed to be bluer than the others I had been through.  I gazed up at it as the colors shifted like an artist painting on canvas.  It’s funny how you can experience something so many times, and one day you find something different about it.  Flickers of glitter fell around us, and the hallway of the thirteenth floor of the Fisher building faded.
Immediately, I felt the change in temperature, smell, and scenery that was still blurry from the portal.  I suddenly felt a hand slip into mine.  My mind immediately went to Ann, and her first time through a portal.  But it wasn’t Ann’s hand in mine, it was Hannah’s.
A tingle of electricity sparked weakly between our bare hands.  She looked like a frightened child dressed in such a heavily sequined outfit, that it looked like knight’s armor.  She looked beautiful though, like a sparkling gem under the bright light of a jewelry store.    
The magic of the portal glitter dwindled, and we stood underneath a darkening sky with the overwhelming scent of sweet flowers welcoming us.  The humming sound of the portal faded, and the quietness of the serene landscape surrounded us.  We stood on a raised circular glass podium that had something moving underneath it.  Tiny ribbons of orange, purple, green, and blue darted in the hazy light.  Suddenly, one of the ribbons stopped under my feet and looked up at me with two large eyes.  I could see it clearly now, it was a fish.
“There are fish in the portal platform,” I said looking up at Jack with surprise.
Hannah joined me on the platform, and together we gazed at colorful creatures.  “Oh, look at that one.” I pointed to a large turquoise one.  She smiled with a nod of her head. 
“Shangri-La is host to many endangered species.”  He smiled.  “And those fish are called portal fish.  The Mers were known to have them in their portal platforms, but they were also a delicacy that was overfished until nearly extinct.  The custodians of Shangri-La have taken great lengths to preserve as many animals and plants as they can from our realms.”  Jack then extended his hand to both Hannah and I.  “Now, if you please ladies, we mustn’t keep Iona waiting.”
Hannah and I stepped down and into an arched walkway covered with plumes of lavender flowers.  They were conical in shape with arrow shaped leaves that you could hardly see from the thick blooms.
“These flowers,” Beannca stepped ahead of us, “they smell delicious.”  She slid one of the large flowers that looked like a bunch of grapes that were full and ripe for eating.  “What are they called?”  She asked still holding the bloom in her hand.
“Those are called princess earrings, and,” he gently removed her hand from the flower, “are not to be touched,” he said in a low voice.  “Please ladies, let’s keep moving, and save your compliments for Iona.” 
We walked in awed silence until we reached an opening with a looping glass arch filled with the same fish that were in the portal platform.  Pastel colored stones covered the ground that had a short hedge of bell-shaped yellow flowers that hung down like trumpets.  The sky twinkled with bright stars, and the air clung with the scent of the purple flowers.
“This is beautiful,” I said more to myself as I stood taking it all in.  
“Thank you Sophie, daughter-siren,” a voice said behind me.
I turned to see a young girl.  She had to be no more than fourteen or fifteen.  Her white hair piled high on her head was adorned with a circlet of pink daisies.  Her skin was pale, and looked like it had been dusted with heavy white powder and her eyes were a prism of faceted shaded of green.  The sheer dress she wore moved fluidly over her body and appeared to shift over her skin like a bead of dew on grass.
“Ah, Iona, you looked radiant.”  Jack bowed slightly and smiled at her.
“It’s just because it’s pollination season.  Come a little later in the season, and you might not be so impressed.”
I glanced between them, and wondered if I should bow too.  I knew customs were sacred among not only the librarianship, but the enchanted community as well.  I didn’t bow, but curtsied, and hoped that was the respectful thing to do.  Hannah and Beannca watched me, and like the blind leading the blind, they curtsied as well. I figured we were either doing the right thing, or looked like idiots.
Iona gazed at all of us with her gem-like eyes, and then smiled as returned the curtsy.
“Please, come and take your seats.”  She drifted across the ground like the wind had carried her.  
I couldn’t help but to stare and that’s when I realized she had no feet.  I knew bits and pieces about the different races among the enchanted community from Ann’s text books, but I wasn’t sure what Iona was.  If I had to guess, I’d think she’d be an entity.  They can change form and travel through mirrors, and ghost-like in appearance.  
Iona led us through an iron gate into another garden full of flowers.  Tall hedges enclosed the area like a living frame, and cushy moss grew in obedient straight lines between the cracks in the stone pavers.  
“Yes, these are the guests my loves,” Iona said gliding in a circle as she glanced at all the flowers.  “Please welcome them…they find your blooms most magnificent!”  She exclaimed like a circus’s ringmaster.
I looked at all the flowers, and felt as though I was being introduced to an actual being, not plants.  I continued to gaze at all the brilliant colors.  Surly they couldn’t understand speech or have any kind of thought process…could they?
“Yes, that is the one that said everything was beautiful, and yes, her name is Sophie.”  Iona stood in front of a pink bloom that was about the size of a dinner plate with a large rosy red spot in the center of it.  “That’s a bit personal, isn’t it?  I don’t think I should ask her that.”
The pink bloom moved closer to her as a slender vine gently curled around her wrist.  The Weatherspoons’ had one just like it, and it was a present for Mrs. Witherspoon on her birthday.  The plant was almost as tall as Iona, and the longer I looked, the more it appeared to have human qualities.  I never noticed the one in England appearing that way.
Iona shifted her glance to me.  Startled, I stepped back and looked between her and the plant with a question for me.
“He would like to know how his sister is doing at home of the guardian Witherspoon.  He hasn’t heard from her in some time, and was wondering if you had any information.”
My mouth dropped open, and trembled.  I was speechless.  
“How…” I managed to squeak.  How did the plant, or if it was Iona that knew I worked for the Witherspoons’?  
Jack leaned closer to me.  “Say something,” he said with a smile plaster on his face as he prompted me with a raise of his eyebrows.  “You don’t want to have a plant angry at you, dear.”
I cleared my throat and shook off my bewilderment of Iona’s question.  “Ah, yes I do remember her,” I said in a pleasant voice.  “She was planted in a sunny spot in the garden where Mrs. Witherspoon could see, ahem, her, every day.  You see, she was a birthday present…”
“Oh, my!”  Iona turned to the flower.  
Oh goodness, my heart pounded, this can’t be a good reaction.
“What an honor!”  Iona’s face lit up as a puff of white powder erupted from her hair.  “She wasn’t put into just some garden.  She was prized and respected, and even put in an honorable place.”
I felt relived as I smiled between her and the plant.
“Goodness dear!”  Jack waved his hands through the air.
“Oh, yes, I’ve better be going.  I didn’t think I would be pollinating right now.”  Iona drifted through an archway with Jack behind her.
I looked at Hannah.  Her face was red from trying to conceal her amusement.  I smiled at her and shook my head as I shoved her in front of me.
“Do you think pollinating is kind of like when you have your period?”  She asked in a low voice with a restrained laugh.
“Quiet.  Or we’ll get in trouble.  Now go,” I said pressing on her back towards the archway.
“What a pretty shade of pink,” Beannca said as she ran her finger over the large blossom.  “I would love to own a plant like you.”  She giggled.
I could see the slender vine curl through her hair as more began to coil around her arm.  They were like many hands that felt up Beannca who seemed to enjoy it.  But she was already drunk and acted like a child, not to mention she was a siren, not a plant.
I pulled her away as one of the vines began to caress her breast.
“That’s enough, Beannca.”  I tugged her close to me.  “Thank you for your hospitality, but we must be going.”  I addressed the plant that immediately retracted all vines and straightened up as if nothing had happened.
Even though I didn’t understand the language of plants, I understood where things were headed.
Beannca stumbled beside me as we came to a garden filled with nothing but green ivy.  Large pillows sat around a stone table with lit spheres that emitted gold light.  I knew them to be orillions—magical lights made by the Fae people of Avalon.  
It was one of the pieces of information that I read from Ann’s school books late at night.  I always tried to educate myself in as many things as I could.  Of course, I did it in secret as Mrs. Witherspoon didn’t like anyone having knowledge of things that didn’t concern them.  I was only supposed to know enough of the guardianship and enchanted community to care for Ann, and I did everything that I was supposed to.  But something inside me always wanted more.  And I always quieted that voice, feeding it enough to just keep it from starving, but now a feast has been placed before it, and I want nothing more than to devour it.  
“This is a quiet garden.”  Iona announced with hands folded in front of her.  “As you requested,” she said turning towards Jack.  “The confidentiality of your conversation is our promise, and the garden is yours for the rest of the night.”
“Thank you Iona, High Hostess of Shangri-La.”
Iona left with a nod as the ivy curled around itself, enclosing us in the garden.
“Why aren’t there any pretty blooms in here?”  Beannca asked as she sat with a plop on one of the pillows and poured herself a drink from the large purple wine bottle.
“Because dear,” he said taking the glass from her hand and replacing it with another, “we don’t want any extra ears listening in on our conversation.  I needed the upmost secrecy, and this is the only place I could get it.”
Beannca drank the wine like she was downing a shot.  “That was fantastic.  Another please.”
Jack poured her another.
“Seriously, what are you doing?  Trying to get her so drunk she gets sick.”  I stepped towards Jack and folded my arms across my chest.  My foot began to tap the ground impatiently.  “Or was that your intentions?  Get the sirens drunk and have an orgy. Is that what your goal was?”
Jack took notice of my oppressive stance, and stood with the clear bottle in his right hand and Beannca’s glass in the other.  He smiled, and poured her another glassful.  
“My dear siren-nanny,” he said with an amused voice.  “This isn’t ambrosia.  It has quite the opposite effects, and is used to awaken things a little bit.”  Beannca let out a giggle as she suddenly belched.  “And as far as the orgy offer, I’m not into that.  I get off on other things, like magic.”  Jack’s eyes flickered with flames, and for a moment, I saw the power that lied within the Green Man.

Beannca
I had acted like an idiot.  Hannah and Sophie must think I’m a dumb blonde and get everything I needed or wanted by letting men kiss me, screw me, or squeeze my boobs.  I’m really nowhere near that.  I worked hard for Bridget, learned from her, and followed the rules.  Now, those rules had turned against me.
I watched Hannah and Sophie drink ambrosia, while I drank the sobering juice that brought me back to my normal senses.  
“Alright,” Jack said taking our glasses away.  “I think everyone is in the state they need to be in to hear my offer.”
He dimmed the orillion’s glow, and smiled at each of us.  “I know each of you crave to have a taste of your past, your family, and touch the soil from whence you came.  I can sense it in all of you even if you haven’t had the slightest twinge yet.”  His enchanting eyes reached out towards me like welcoming hands.  “We all want a piece of our history…to touch the lands we were to never leave, and bring back our way of life that was stolen.  And I think it’s time you had that opportunity.”  Before I could ask any questions, he waved his hand over the grey stone table.
The first thing I heard was the sound of crashing waves.  Blues, greens, yellows, and tinges of orange swirled together until a scene appeared.  Pale blue buildings framed by a bright blue sky overlooked the gold beach that was kissed wave after blue wave.  It was beautiful—like one of Aaron’s paintings in his apartment had come to life.  I couldn’t help but to feel a tug on my heart as I thought about him.  
A sudden gust of wind mixed with salt water, brushed against my face.  It was inviting.  I wanted to go there.  Just like expecting a letter from a distant loved one in the mail, I had suddenly gotten, and unexpectedly enticing offer from another.  Aaron was suddenly pushed out of my thoughts, and my attention had sprung to something that was distant, and a part of me.  I was a siren, and this place was my home. 
“This is Atlantis and the island Murk.”  Jack gazed down at the living seascape.  I almost expected to see people walking on its beaches.  “This is your home, this is your past, and this is where you were taken from.”
“I remember,” Hannah said with unblinking eyes as she looked at the scene.
“Yes, you were…taken,” Jack said in a slightly dark voice.  “They took you away from this, but it doesn’t mean you can’t go back.” 
“But how will we get there?”  Sophie asked leaning closer to the picture.  She looked like she wanted to jump in and pull Hannah along with her.
I gazed at each of them.  Jack had them under some sort of trance or they had drank too much ambrosia.
“Hey, Jack,” I said sitting back as he lifted his jewel-like eyes to me.  “What are you doing to us?”
I crossed my arms as he smiled.
“Beannca dear,” he said, and reached for my hand.  “I’m merely showing you where you came from.  It’s quite beautiful, isn’t it?”  His voice was slow and soothing like he was trying to calm an angry animal.
“Yeah, it’s beautiful, but what are you going to do?  Get us a ticket on Atlantis Air for a wonderful two week stay?”  I pulled my hand from his.  “You said you had an offer for us. Now what is it?”
“Ah, Beannca.  You do get to the point, and I admire that.”  He waved his hand over the scene and it disappeared.  Even though it was only a mirage, I wished there was a real airline called Atlantis Air that could take all of us there.  
“I believe if you are going to ask someone for something, you need to give them something in return for payment.  Whether its money, a favor or an opportunity, something needs to be fair about the deal.  I don’t mind boasting about my fairness because I’ve been where you are right now.”  Jack looked at each one of us in the eyes.  He was sincere, I don’t know why, but I felt it.  “The librarianship and guardianship, no matter how many luxuries they provide for me, they still took me away from my home and way of life.  I’ve brought you here to escape the ears of the guardianship.  And what I want from you are your virtues.”
Hannah, Sophie, and I exchanged confused glances.
“What do you mean virtues?”  Sophie asked what we all thought.
“You are sirens with very strong powers, though the guardianship will never let you in on.”  He smirked.  “Hannah,” he shot his eyes to her, and she straightened upon his stare.  “You can control crowds of people, buy clothing with a fake credit card you got from a human game called Monopoly, and manipulate people to your every whim.  And I must say, with amazing control.  You had no education on your abilities, and that right there shows your virtue is well developed.” 
Hannah went pale.  “How—how do you know about all of that?”
Jack’s smiled deepened.  “My dear, you executed your ability in a public place, and guardians aren’t the only ones watching. I have eyes and ears everywhere.  They tell me things that might interest me.  And you Hannah Black interest me.”  He leaned towards her.  “Aren’t you tired of living under the guardianship’s thumb?  Always watching your back,” Jack said to Hannah, and then shifted his gaze to Sophie.  “Tired of the guardianship telling you where you can work and where you can’t?” He then set his eyes on me.  For a split second a wave of sympathy filled them.  “And Beannca White, your last name might be switched to Black, and that’s only if you’re lucky.  Murder of a librarian doesn’t sit well with the guardianship.  And a little siren hanging on the librarian’s skirt hem makes an excellent suspect.”
“I didn’t do it,” I said through the tears that welled in my eyes.
I felt Hannah’s and Sophie’s suspicious eyes on me.  They were judging me.  I wanted to run away from everything, and everyone.  I wanted to jump into the moving picture Jack had showed us.  I wanted to go home.
“I know you didn’t, Beannca.  I can see that.  Hannah and Sophie can too.  But the guardianship will never believe you.  Their justice system doesn’t pertain to us.  We are guilty in their eyes, and only to be proven guiltier through their trials.”
Sophie put her arm around me.  I felt comforted by her touch—almost in a motherly way.
“All of you are headed nowhere with the guardianship controlling your lives.”  Jack leaned back, and poured some more ambrosia for himself.  “I’m prepared to offer you something rarely presented.  The guardianship considers you a minority of the enchanted community, but I think they underestimate you.  You have abilities you don’t even know about, and I can open doors for you.”  He waved his hand over the table and the image of the beach scene flashed for a moment.  “I can give you new lives in a place where you’re not oppressed by the guardianship. I can give you your past, and your heritage that belong to you.”
I glanced over at Hannah and Sophie.  They looked at each other and then at me.  I shook my head, and shrugged my shoulders.  We had an opportunity with Jack, no doubt a greater opportunity with him rather than with the guardianship.  And especially me—I was more than likely to end up in a book somewhere in some library of unknown horrors.
I switched my gaze to Jack and leaned towards him.  “You offer us different lives safe from the guardianship, but like you said,” I narrowed my eyes, “you need to be paid for the opportunity you are giving us.”  He took a sip of ambrosia with his eyes steadied on me.  “What do you want from us?”
Jack sat his glass down, and reached into his pocket.  He pulled out a ball that was baseball sized.  It was solid black and as shiny as a marble.  He cupped it in his hand and threw it into the air.
It came straight down and headed for the table.  I gasped thinking it might shatter upon impact or crack the table.  But, it didn’t.  Instead, it stopped about a foot from it, and levitated.  It twirled slowly in place as if it was waiting for a command.
Jack widened his smile and leaned closer towards us.  “My payment is simple.  I need a little siren magic.”
Chapter Five
Hannah
I couldn’t use my enchanting powers as I once did.  My price for passage to Atlantis. Beannca, Sophie, and I had made a pact, and there was no turning back.  Did I regret it?  Was it the right thing to do?  Or did Jack simply use us and leave us for the guardianship to clean up.  I knew I wasn’t headed anywhere living in my rundown apartment, using my persuasion on unsuspecting humans, and living alone.  That probably hurt the worst for me.  It was fun manipulating people, getting everything you’d ever want with ‘siren magic’ as Jack called it, but the excitement wasn’t there anymore.  I wanted someone to be with, someone to love, and love me back.
“Here, try this, and tell me what you think.”  Sophie handed me a cup of tea.
I was invited to stay in Jack’s apartment, but I found myself more at Sophie’s.  I looked down at the sick looking, pale green, steaming liquid, and smiled at her.  I smelled it.  The aroma was earthy and sweet at the same time.
“Come on Hannah, try it before it gets cold.  It wasn’t made to be inhaled.”  She took a sip of hers.
I took a delicate sip.  Immediately, it was bitter, but turned minty followed by a tangy orange flavor.
“Are you sure this is just tea, and you didn’t sneak back any ambrosia to jazz it up?”  I asked as I took another sip.  “It really is pretty good.”
“No, I didn’t bring any ambrosia back.  It’s Fae made tea I got from Jack’s apartment.  He said it wouldn’t be a good idea to go outside the apartment, and said to help ourselves to anything there.”
I sat my cup down.  “He’s been gone for two days.”  I stated.  “Does it take that long to recharge some shell so we can get to Atlantis?”  The shell was to be our sort of telephone to the portal on Murk Island, our new home.  “What is he doing?  Bringing every guardian in Chicago here instead?”  
“No,” she said calmly.  “He said he had to go and have the calling shell reworked.  I believe him.  He is honest, and I firmly believe his actions are sincere.”
I raised my eyebrows.  “You know we are working on only half-capacity of our siren abilities.  Are you sure?  Because I know a place…”
“Jack’s back!”  Beannca flung open Sophie’s apartment door.  “Hurry up and get in here.”
Sophie smiled at me.  “See.”
We went into Jack’s apartment.  He had the shell sitting on the countertop by the sink.  Even though he had come back without the guardianship filed in behind him, and saying here they are, I still didn’t totally trust him.  Sophie and Beannca on the other hand, were like two doves following him around and waiting for him to throw feed.  I could have said no, and Jack wouldn’t had taken some of my siren magic.  I would have gone back to my apartment or really, I could have gone anywhere around the world.  Why didn’t I listen to my commonsense?  Sophie looked at the shell and smiled at me.  Now, I was here hoping that we’d end up in Atlantis.
“I apologize for my timing in this matter, but I had to find the right magician to rework the shell.  It’s a rarity to have one, and even rarer to find someone to work on it.”
“So how does it work, and when do we go?”  Beannca asked.
Jack smiled as he gazed down at the shell.  “Well dear,” he cocked his head side to side.  “You see it will work, but you need another siren to act as a sender.”
“What do you mean sender?”  I stepped towards him with glaring eyes.  My fist tightened.  Why didn’t I listen to my head instead of my heart?
“Please just listen, Hannah.”  He looked at me with his jeweled eyes.  
Jack had us go into the living room and sit down.  I’m used to acting on my first response—that’s how I had survived the last three years on my own. He poured us wine, and lit his fireplace.  I felt anxious, but after a few sips of wine, I calmed down and did as Jack instructed—listened.
Jack said the shell is used to open the portal leading to Murk Island, and only that island.  There are very few shells remaining, and the ones that weren’t destroyed are a rarity to own.  Most were kept by the guardianship or held in libraries.  He said the shell usually could work on its own, but the magician couldn’t bring it back to its original state.  It had been too long since it was used, and nearly had returned to being just a shell.
“So you see, I didn’t plan on this, and I apologize.”  Jack held the shell in his hand.
“So what does that mean?”  I stood up and peered down at him.  “How are we to get to Atlantis?”  I waved my hands in the air.  “We don’t even have our full abilities anymore to survive.  Or are you going to keep us here as pets?”  I could feel bile rise in my throat and my heart race. I wanted to punch Jack, and throw the shell to the floor along with several of his magical implements he had displayed on shelves.
“I’m not finished, Hannah,” Jack said sternly with flashing eyes as if he could read my destructive thoughts.  “I simply didn’t plan on the shell working this way, but it does work.”
He removed his penetrating eyes from me, and held up the shell.  “Usually only one siren was needed to work it, but this one will open the portal with two sirens acting as connections, one navigating it, and another to communicate with the portal.”
“But that’s four sirens,” Sophie said.
“Here,” Jack took my hand and placed the shell in it. 
The white shell began to swirl with colors.  I looked at Jack.
“There, you have your navigator, and,” he took the shell from my hand, and held it in front of Beannca and Sophie, “it’s the same color of blue, so you two are the portal connections.”
“What about communications?” I asked as Jack put the shell back in my hand.  It slowly turned to clear glass, like the crystal figurines you find at some fancy gift shop.
“The shell will guide you to her.”  Jack stood in front of us.  “I hate to be hasty, but my timing with this matter has been cut short.  I promise to help you as much as I can, but the guardianship is requesting my presence elsewhere.”  He seemed to be bothered as he rubbed his chin.  “Be prepared to leave in two days to find your communicator.”
“But can’t you find another siren here in Chicago?”  Beannca asked.
“It doesn’t work that way.”  Jack stood by the fire.  “I just bought that shell a couple weeks ago at an auction in Avalon, an illegal auction.”  He glanced at us from over his shoulder.  “It’s funny how fate works,” he said with a chuckle.  “I have an awful time keeping my wizzarding desires at bay, and had the overwhelming desire to construct a room mood altering device.  Nothing worked in the lines of spells, so I started to consider sirens.  That’s when I spotted you, Hannah.”  He smiled.  “Then, just by chance, Sophie came to my apartment and shortly after that, Beannca was sent here to be secretly protected.”  He turned and faced us with a pleasing smile.  “It’s fate at work and she’s quite the craftswoman.  She gave me the magic I needed, and she’s giving you the opportunity to return to Murk Island, the last sanctuary for sirens.” 
“So how do we know when we find the communicator?”  I asked.
Jack let out a sigh, and looked at me with his twinkling eyes.  “The shell and your virtues will guide you.  I’ve only taken a slice of the cake, and you Hannah Black, have only scratched the surface of your abilities.”

Mae
My dreams and visions of my childhood had become very vivid to me.  I wanted to tell Nolan, but found it hard to let the words out of my mouth.  I felt things were colliding, things were coming full circle, and a destination had been reached.  But what was that place? 
I couldn’t have a child to complete our family.  Were Nolan and I to grow old together childless?  It was a curse.  But the only thing was, the curse wasn’t something that could be removed or neutralized.  It was a thing, but more solid and real. I was the curse, and I was taking Nolan down with me.
“Mae, come here—got something to show you.”  Nolan’s voice seemed cheery, and I bounced down the stairs to see what it was.
He held a rectangular box in his hand with a light green bow wrapped around it.  He smiled from ear to ear as he shoved it towards me.
“What is it?”  I asked thinking it wasn’t our anniversary, my birthday, or any other celebration.
“Just open it,” he said in a soft voice.
I took the box, slid the silky ribbon off and removed the tissue paper.  Inside was a tiny white gown with silver stitching—an infant sized piece of clothing.  I looked at Nolan with wide eyes.
“Nolan, I don’t understand.”  I sat the package down.
“Maggie called me this morning.”  Nolan smiled as I ran the tiny sleeve through my fingers.  
We had met with Maggie only briefly.  She discussed the process and filled out an application for us.  I didn’t get too excited, and really, didn’t think we would have any luck at adoption. 
“It isn’t a sure thing yet, but Maggie told me that things looked really good.  It’s just a matter of time and getting things in order.  Maggie said more likely it would be a girl, and she is from Avalon. There’s a lot of unwanted pregnancies there Maggie said, and the best place for her to search for us.”  Nolan wrapped his arms around me and smiled.  “Mae, we’re going to be parents soon.  We are going to have a daughter.” 
 
Sophie
 We had two days, and then we were to go and find our communicator to the portal.  Logic told me that my actions were wrong, but my insides spoke differently.  I felt like I had been blinded, and had become a zombie to Jack’s commands.  But at least this was a chance, and I felt him sincere, not only through his actions, but from what my insides told me.
The calling shell had hardly left Hannah’s hands.  She told me she had never felt anything like it before.  It was like a spark had ignited, and was growing stronger.  I hoped whatever was happening to her, would lead us to our communicator for the portal.
Jack had showed us visions of Murk Island, but what was it really like?  I had seen brochures of fabulous looking holiday locations at the Witherspoon mansion, and one time I went with them when Ann was just four.  It was a beautiful place, but nothing what the brochure had displayed.  Was Murk Island the same way?  The more I thought about it, the more my insides churned.  Beannca, Hannah, and I had acted on a whim, and under the intoxicating effects of alcohol.  Why didn’t I ask more questions?  I could just kick myself and at the same time, I felt we were headed in the right direction. 
I rolled the mailing sphere Ann had given me in my hand.  I had a message enclosed telling her how wonderful everything here in Chicago was, and I would be a nanny to another young girl soon.  It was of course a lie. I couldn’t tell her my real plans. I mostly told her that I missed her, and hoped school was going well, and don’t forget that she needed to make sure she wore her librarian trainee pin every day so she didn’t get docked for appearance.  Ann had always been a free spirit that always wanted to discover new things, and found tradition boring and useless.  I tried to teach her that it was just as important as discovering new things and ways of doing things.  It’s important to see where you had come from and know where you are going.  I had told her that so many times.
I smiled as I re-read my letter before sealing it.  Ann in many ways was like me.  And now, I’d probably never see her again.
A mailing portal caught my eye as soon as I stepped off the elevator.  With the hallway quiet, I tiptoed towards the lobby area.
The mailing portal looked more like a blackened mirror that swirled with grey smoke.  I brushed my finger across the screen.  It prompted me what region I would be mailing to, who would be receiving it, and how quickly it needed to be sent.  I followed all the instructions, and the tiny portal no bigger than a five by seven picture frame, hummed and flashed with the word ‘send mailing sphere’.  I inserted my sphere, and then it was gone.
The humming slowed, and I was given a receipt.  I stood there for a moment and hoped that Ann received it, and I wouldn’t get in trouble.
“Writing a letter back home?”  Jack’s voice behind me asked.  I jumped as I turned around to face him.
“Don’t sneak up on me like that,” I said holding my chest.  “You nearly scared me to death.”
He held up his own sphere.  “I’m not sneaking up on you.  I’m sending my mail.”
“Oh,” I said and stepped aside.  “Sorry.”
“There’s no need to be sorry,” he smiled.  “You miss your home and loved ones.  That’s understandable.”  He pressed buttons on the mailing portal.  “But you also need to be very careful.”  Jack slid his eyes to me.
“The girl I watched, Ann, gave me the sphere so it will directly go to her.”  I stood beside Jack as he put his receipt in his pocket.
“There are some things I’m concerned about.”  I walked beside him as he headed back to his apartment.  “Could we talk privately?”
Jack studied me with his eyes for a few seconds.  “You are having doubts about your little adventure coming up?”
“Actually, major concerns.”
“Very well, let’s go inside and talk,” he said with a smile.	
We went inside his apartment, and Jack made me a cup of tea.  He opened his blinds to let in the early morning light.
“Ah, this is a pretty morning.  Don’t you agree?”  He asked.
“Yes, pretty, now what I…”
“The colors of the sky, or what we can see of the sky, are similar to sunrises on Murk Island.”  He looked at me.  “That is what you’re inquiring about?  You want to know what Murk Island is like, and what to expect when you get there?”  He asked and I nodded.
“I can reassure you, Sophie, that I would never mislead you.  I’ve brought you, and Hannah, and Beannca this far without misleading or harming you.  I’m true to my word, and I can understand that you are concerned.  I can tell you that Murk Island is inhabited by a few sirens—male and female. They are protected by Atlantian laws and are governed by the Alliance there.  Once you are there, there is no coming back here. You will become a citizen of Atlantis and considered a citizen among the race of sirens.”
I took in a deep breath and sat my cup down.  “But what if we can’t find our communicator?  What if we run into trouble along the way?”
Jack gazed at me for a moment and then opened his blind farther blasting me with sunlight.  “Then Sophie, you must not find any trouble.”

Beannca
“Jack, you said you only took a small portion of our powers.”  I watched him flip through a book that sat on the counter laden with various potion bottles.  “But,” I sat down on the bar stool across from him, “I…”  I looked away, and he lifted his eyes to me.
“But you what?”
I looked at the two books he held in each of his hands.  “You’re busy, and I’m bothering you.”
“No, I’m not that busy that I can’t listen to you.”  He sat the books down.  “If you are concerned about your abilities, they will return to you.  Though a portion is gone, you should start to feel them getting stronger, even as we speak.  I promise that I would never hurt any of you, and I even took an oath on the matter.  So Beannca dear, don’t worry.”  He smiled.
I let out a sigh.  “It isn’t that.”  He gave me a curious look.  “I can’t feel my abilities getting stronger because I’ve never used them.  When the librarianship told me I was a siren, I had no idea what they meant.  Only through, and by chance, I read a few things and heard a few things.  I knew we were to have abilities, but I didn’t know what they were or how to summon them.  I never felt anything magical, and wasn’t even sure if I had any.”  I shrugged my shoulders.  “But I guess I do since you took a portion of them.”
Jack smiled, and waved his hand over the counter strewn with bottles, books, and dried herbs.  “See this?”  He asked, and I nodded.  “I’ve been around for a long time, made many magical implements, but that doesn’t mean I know everything.  It’s trial and error.  And,” he placed his hand on a small intricately carved wooden box, “if I don’t keep trying, I won’t get anywhere.”
I looked between the box and Jack.  “So, what you mean is that I should try to find my siren virtues?”  
“It’s already in you.  You just have to learn how to summon them.”  He continued with his reading, and then opened another bottle as he read.
“But how do I do that?”
Jack lifted his eyes to me.  “That is something only you will know how to do.  Every siren or actually, every magical creature is different.  When the time comes, you will know.” 

Jack was helpful, at the same time, he wasn’t.  Why couldn’t there just be a switch to turn on or a magic word to say?  Of course I never tried my abilities and growing up in an orphanage, I was never taught anything about who I was.  I never knew what it meant to be a siren—it was just a word the librarianship labeled me.  I was a member of the enchanted community with a pass to enter the librarian and guardianship world.  I didn’t belong, and would never be considered one of them.  
I went to the freezer to put ice in my glass of water.  The cubes weren’t frozen yet, but I put the slivers of ice in the glass anyway.  And as I filled the ice tray up again, I felt I was like the ice shards in my glass.  I wasn’t quite liquid and I wasn’t solid—I was caught in the middle not sure where I belonged.

Aaron had contacted Jack and told him that he’d be over this afternoon to visit.  I haven’t heard anything from Aaron since he brought me here.  I wondered how Bridget’s investigation into her death was going.  I still mourned her, and wished the only person, who truly cared for me, was still here.  
It was one in the afternoon, and if I still worked at The Glass Guardian, we would still be serving lunch.  I’d be seating guests and then later, I’d help with the clean up and get ready for the evening guests.  I loved working, and making Bridget proud.  A tear welled in my eyes as a knock came to the door.
Jack came out his study, and motioned for me to go down the hallway.  We were expecting Aaron, but Jack wanted to make sure it was him and only him.
I heard Jack open the door.  “Welcome Aaron Gorick, please come in.  And good, you’re alone.”  He closed the door behind him.
I came out of the hallway, and Aaron rushed towards me.  He lifted me in his strong arms, and we kissed.
“I’ve missed you,” I said gazing into his eyes that now reminded me of a comforting cup of coffee loaded with cream.
He smiled as tiny lines formed around his warm eyes.  I’ve never seen them before, and suddenly felt a wave of uncertainty run through me.  Though I have looked into his eyes many times, and knew how many colors existed there, something new was in them.  It ran through me like a sudden wave, and it was so strong, I thought it could’ve pushed me to the floor.
“I missed you too, Beannca,” he said.  Even his voice had a tinge of something strange.
“Well if you don’t mind I have work to do.  And I don’t think you are in need of any of my entertaining services.”
Aaron nodded, and Jack slipped quietly into his study down the hall and shut his door.  Aaron motioned for us to sit on the couch.  I sat next to him still holding onto both of his hands.  They were strong and gentle at the same time.  I ran my thumb across the top feeling the slender bones underneath.
“This is the last time I’ll get to hold your hands like this.”  I looked up at Aaron.  Jack told us that no one knew of his ‘little project’ with siren magic, and told us to not tell anyone about us going to Murk Island.  
I wanted more than anything to tell Aaron.  He’d understand, he was a different kind of guardian, and he’d brought me here to protect me.  I knew he loved me more than anything.
“Why do you say that?”  He asked with amusement in his voice.  “How do you know?”
His eyes were filled with curiosity.  I opened my mouth, but no words came out at first.  “I—I don’t know.  It just feels like it, and really,” I laced my fingers through his, “how long can we be like this?  I can’t stay in hiding forever, and you can’t come and secretly visit me.”
He drew in a deep breath and removed his fingers from mine.  “You’re right,” he said regretfully.  “The investigation into Bridget’s death isn’t going well.  Actually, there isn’t really an investigation.”  Aaron’s voice filled with disgust as he looked away.  “They are charging you with murder, Beannca,” he said bluntly and even though I knew they would, his words shot through me like a knife.  “It isn’t right, and time is running out.  I can’t keep you here with Jack.  It’s too dangerous for him and for you.”
I pulled closer to Aaron wondering if he knew about the calling shell, Atlantis, and the whole plan Jack had devised.  Of course he had to know.  Aaron cared for me, and would even help us get to Atlantis.  He could probably work the portal, and we wouldn’t have to find another siren.
“You mean you know—” I started to say.
“I’ve got an apartment in Avalon located in Sidhe Hills historic district that you can stay at.  I don’t use it much, but it will be a safe place for you.”
I shook my head.  “Avalon?”
“Bea,” he said and placed his hands on my shoulders, and smiled.  “You’ll be safe, and no one will know you’re there.”
He didn’t know about Jack’s plan.  I wanted to tell him, but knew I couldn’t.  Instead, I smiled back.
“And you can transfer to Avalon?”  I asked hopefully as the smile faded from his lips.
“No,” he said regretfully.  “I can’t leave Chicago.”  
I felt my heart sink into my chest.
“Bea, I can’t simply run off.  I’ve obligations to uphold, and tradition to follow.  And there’s something else.”  He pulled out a silver ring, and held it between us.
It was unmistakable.  Tiny designs, called marks, curled around the ring that would turn gold when Aaron was married.
“You’re getting married?”  I could barely get the words out of my throat.
“It’s an arranged marriage.  And one that I didn’t approve of.”  I stood up, and went over to the window.
The city below moved this way and that.  They were oblivious to what was on the thirteenth floor of the Fisher Building, and I was oblivious to the reality that would always be there.  I had been living in a true fantasyland, where everyone I thought, lived happily ever after.
Aaron stepped behind me, and ran his hand down my arm.  I jerked away, and then turned to face him.
“I didn’t have intentions of this, and if I had a choice, I’d choose you.  Bea, you have to understand,” he said softly, “I have traditions to stick to, and this is part of those traditions.”
I gazed into his eyes studying them.  “You said if you could, you’d choose me.”  He nodded his head hesitantly.  “What if there was a chance, a way, an opportunity for us to be together.”
Aaron shook his head.  “Bea, what do you mean?”
“Would you come with me if I knew another way?”  I asked feeling the anger, hurt, and pain swirl inside of me.  Was it mine or his?
Aaron looked at me with confusion.  “I don’t think there is, darling.”  He said with a small smile.  “Look, I enjoy the times we had and the things we did, but I can’t just leave.  We can’t run away together.  It simply can’t work that way.”
My loving gaze had turned into a glare.  “Is that all I was to you—a time and a thing you did?”
“Bea,”
“No!”  I yelled. “I’m not going to be put into some jewelry box of a home somewhere so you can come and open it up to play with me when you want.”
Aaron’s face crinkled with hurt at first, but then like the wave that crashed into me before, I could feel his disgust towards me.
“I’m trying to help you, Beannca, but if you don’t want that help, I can’t vouch for your safety.”
In the matter of seconds, I felt I had opened a small crack that had always existed in Aaron.  He liked me, yes, but he only liked me for one reason.
“Leave me,” I said.  I could feel his true emotions cast over me like an ocean spray.  
“You’re being stupid about this.”  He warned.  “The guardianship is after you, and they don’t take lightly to a murder of one of their members.”
I held my eyes on him.  “I said go,” I said in a calm voice.
He straightened, and then slipped the ring on his finger.  “You sirens are just like they say in the text books.  You are difficult and unable to reason with everything.”
I let a smirk escape my lips.  “No, Aaron Gorick, you just assume something that you read was true.  You never got to know me for who I am.”
He pursed his lips together, and stormed towards the door.  It was as simple as that.  The only man I had ever been with, and thought loved me back, was gone.  I was nothing more than a play thing to him.  I should be crying my eyes out, but I wasn’t.  Suddenly, I felt a new purpose in my life.  I wanted to be a siren, but I still didn’t know what that was.
“Beannca, are you alright dear?”  Jack asked timidly from the edge of the hallway.
I unclenched my fists as a crackling sound, like someone stepping on thin ice, erupted behind me.  I turned to see the large picture window fractured with tiny cracks.  I looked up at it in awe, and then turned to Jack.
“Well, my dear, it seems you’ve found your siren magic.” 
Chapter Six
Hannah
Two days can go by in a hurry when you don’t want it to.  I wanted to leave at the same time I didn’t.  I held the calling shell in my hand.  It was such a small thing, and very delicate.  It looked like it belonged safely in a curio cabinet rather than in my hand.  Jack told me how to use it to find our fourth siren.  And I already knew what direction to go.  I wished it would had given an exact location as to what town, state or even country.  It only pointed in the direction we needed to go.  I shook my head, and put the shell into the small case Jack had given me.  I hoped that she, our fourth siren, wasn’t too far away, and at least still in the United States.

“Good news my ladies,” Jack sung as he came down the hallway and into the living room.
Sophie, Beannca and I were sitting on the couch finishing our coffee.  Jack looked like a black velvet curtain had attacked him.  He was dressed head to toe in the material.  His pants were fitted, and a long coat swirled around his knees with a peek of a collared shirt underneath.  On his head was a wide brimmed hat, complete with black feathers. 
I raised my eyebrows as Sophie smiled at him.  
“You didn’t have to go to so much trouble dressing so elaborately just to see us off,” Sophie said taking the final sip of her coffee.
“I’m going to a fashion show in Avalon, but more importantly, I found a way to get you to your fourth member of your tribe quicker.”  Jack stood in front of us with his twinkling eyes.  “You can use the portal here in the apartment.  I will block it from the guardian’s ever watchful eye by mirroring its activity.” His smile deepened.  
“They won’t even know it’s being used, and will provide you safe passage.”  He shook his head, and let out a victorious sigh.  “I do have to say, I never stop amazing myself.”
“But how do I work the shell in the portal?  I haven’t even been through that many portals.”  I stood up and looked at Jack as he adjusted his ridiculous hat.
“You have two portal connectors, so…”  He looked at himself in the mirror that hung on the wall beside the door.
I stepped behind him, and crossed my arms.  I could see my reflection in the mirror as Jack ignored me. “So,” I prompted him.
“Portal connections,” Jack said and seemed a bit distracted.  “I’m sorry.  I’m just overloaded right now.  Let’s just get to the portal before I forget what I’m doing.”
“Right now?”  I huffed.  “We can’t just hop up and go like we’re going downtown to see a movie.  It’s a portal that could lead us to something disastrous, and not to mention get caught by the guardians.  How would you explain that if we all get caught?” 
Jack flicked towards me with his hands.  “Oh, don’t be so negative.  I’ve been around not only this world, but several others that only a select few can have entry to.”  He smiled with his pink tinged lips.  Was he wearing lipstick?  “I’m a professional, and this will be a walk in the park for me.  I should’ve thought about it earlier.  Now let’s go.”

“I don’t like leaving so abruptly like this,” Sophie said as she walked beside me down the dim hallway.
“I know,” I replied.  “We could tell Jack that we changed our minds, and don’t want to go.”
I glanced at Sophie, and could almost see what she was thinking.  We had a taste of our past, and a chance to go to a safe haven.  We could live as we wanted, do as we wanted, and without the librarianship telling us what to do and where we had to live.  And for me, I could live without constantly looking behind my back every second of the day.  We had to make this work.
“Now, it’s simple,” Jack said standing beside the portal panel that was embedded in the wall.  “Hannah, hold the shell in front of you, and you will feel it pull in the direction you want to go.  “Sophie and Beannca, you will place your hands over the shell.”  Jack looked at his wristwatch.  “I’m going to be late for tea and crumpets with the fairies.  They hate tardy guests.  Oh well,”
“We put our hands over the shell, and then what?”  Sophie asked.
Jack looked at us with a smile from under his black velvet feathered hat.  “That’s it, dears.” He shrugged his shoulders.  “Now step in the portal and do as I say.  You are sirens.  Where knowledge fails you, instinct will take over.  Let go of your insecurities, and be who you are.”
I looked at Sophie, and then at Beannca.  Her eyes were slightly red from under all of her makeup, and she hardly said anything to us this morning.  I felt I should say something to her when the portal began to hum.
“Quick, get the shell out,” Sophie motioned towards the leather pouch I carried it in.
I held the crystal shell in my hand in front of me.  It felt magnetic.  Beannca and Sophie placed their hands inches from it as it began to glow.  
“Jack,” Sophie looked at him and smiled as the portal grew in strength with swirling colors.  “Thanks for everything.”
He smiled and tipped his obnoxious hat at us before the hallway, Jack, and our old way of life faded.  There was no turning back now.

Mae
“I’m sorry, but that is how it works sometimes,” Maggie said on the other end of the phone line.  “Nothing is certain, and all I can do is keep trying, that is, if you still want to.”
I twirled the phone cord around my finger.  Nolan and I weren’t going to be parents anytime soon. “Yes, we do want to keep trying.  How long until we find something out?” I asked in a hopeful voice.
“That’s another thing—we won’t.  Everything will be by the seat-of-our-pants.  I will let you know when something comes up.”
“Thanks Maggie, for everything.”  I hung up the phone, and looked over at Nolan.
“She shouldn’t have been so positive about everything.  Maggie said that we’d be parents, and she could make it happen for us.  She really basically lied to us, and led us on.”  Nolan sat at the kitchen table with his shaking hands around his coffee mug.
I went over to him, wrapped my arms around him, and placed my cheek to his as I stood behind him.  “Maggie didn’t lie or lead us on.  How did you expect this to work?  It isn’t even legal.  Things aren’t going to happen with a snap of our fingers.”  I sat down in the chair next to Nolan and ran my finger over his.  “It didn’t happen today, and probably won’t happen tomorrow, but it will happen for us one day.”
Nolan gazed at me with his blue eyes.  His hands quit trembling, and I felt the air around us calm as we sat in silence.  Suddenly, the sunlight that streamed into our tiny kitchen faded.  Thunder rumbled so strong that it rattled our windows, and even inside my chest.  Nolan went to the window, and then grabbed his raincoat.
“Looks like a storm, Mae,” he said and put on his boots.  “I’m going to go and put the tractor away.”
“I just put a load of laundry on the line.”  I got up as well, and grabbed my basket.
Nolan went to go get the tractor as I scrabbled to remove the clothespins from my towels and sheets, and shove them into my basket.  I silently cursed at the storm.  I wanted to get my laundry dried, I wanted it to be a nice day, and…I wanted to have someone call me mom.
I had one more clothes line to go of several towels when the wind violently picked up.  The sky swirled, and clouds churned in grey masses as I looked up at them.  I felt their turmoil, their erratic emotions, and desire to destroy.  It was like something was materializing in it.  It was forming into something solid, something that could process thoughts, feelings, and wants.  Was it human, entity or something conjured by some distraught member of the enchanted community? I had never felt this way with the weather before. I had felt a connection to the storm, but did storms have feelings?  They consisted of wind, rain, and lightning, not emotions.  This was a different kind of storm, one I was drawn to.
Lightning flashed, and the wind blew harder.  I let my clothes basket slip from my hands to the ground as I kept my eyes on the encroaching storm.   It didn’t belong here in Deadwood, Kansas. 
I glared at the boiling clouds as the thunder groaned at me, and lightning warned me with each flash.  Trees bent, nearly to the breaking point, my towels blew through the yard and tumbled through the garden.  The wind pushed me, but I wasn’t giving in.  The angry shades of grey clouds began to coordinate themselves into a rotating movement.  I’ve seen it many times living here, and I wasn’t the least bit frightened to run into the cellar.  It was a tornado, and it was headed towards our little white farm house.
I raised my arms, leaves rushed around me like snow, the howl of the wind challenged me, and I was ready for it.  
“Mae, get in the house!”  Nolan ran towards me, but I pushed him away.
“No, it can’t have our home!”  I screamed over the rush of the wind.
I could clearly see the twister in the distance.  It plucked trees from the ground, leveled the old barn in the pasture ground, and like a spoiled child, it turned towards us.  Nolan tried to get me to go inside, but I stayed ignoring his pleading voice.  He knew what I was, and that I was powerful when I wanted to be.  I had no intentions of challenging a storm, but I felt threatened.  And I wasn’t going to let it take what we had worked hard for.
My feet were solidly planted on the ground, and my hands held high with fingers spread.  It was a massive thing, and I was merely a speck of dirt in its way.  I kept my eyes on it, and like a scolding parent to a tantrum-throwing toddler, I didn’t budge, and prepared to show it who was in control.
Trees that could bend no more broke off, and were hurled through the air along with other debris that churned around Nolan and me.  It was like we were in a black soup being stirred with dashes of lightning and thunder.  Nolan stood behind me, and wrapped his arms around my waist.  I could barely hear him yell as the grey twister took Nolan’s truck and tossed it through the air like a toy.
I felt hot anger rush through me, and I wanted to fight with even hotter anger towards it, but suddenly an idea shot through my head.  Nolan and I were surrounded by flying debris, and I knew much damage would be done if I didn’t do something fast.  
Anger only fed anger, hate only fed hate, and there was only one thing I could do to stop this destructive monster.  I closed my eyes, relaxed my arms, and held them out towards the twister.  I didn’t feel fear, hate or anger.  Instead, I released a very opposite emotion—love.
Just as the twister raged havoc on our barn, it suddenly let out a groan, and slowed releasing the remaining debris from its angry grip.
Nolan and I stood among the bits of wood, metal, and tree limbs.  We gazed up at the parting sky as the sun burned through the grey clouds.  I smiled with relief.
“Mae,” Nolan said my name timidly.  “Are you alright?”
I turned and wrapped my arms around him.  “Yes, but our barn isn’t.”  
“What was that?  What did you do?  Tornadoes don’t just stop like that.”  Nolan asked.
I didn’t know how to explain what I had just done.  I was still processing things in my head and trying to fathom the amount of power I used.  “It must be a siren thing.”  I shrugged my shoulders and smiled.
The sun’s rays cut through the grey clouds like slender daggers that brushed against the countryside.  I wasn’t scared of anything at that moment.  I new wave of confidence filled me.  
I looked at our partially destroyed barn as Nolan went over and started the cleanup.  Like church bells announcing the beginning of mass, a sudden realization washed over me.  I had a purpose to me being here, a desire to find something, and to not only help it, but also myself.  Something distant and forgotten was calling me, and I wasn’t sure what it was.

Sophie

Whispers of inaudible voices whisked past my ears like fleeing birds.  I tried to focus on them, but they came and went so fast, it was impossible to make sense of them.  I’ve never connected with a portal before, only traveled in them.  I could only guess that Beannca had no experience as well, but somehow it felt natural to me.  I had no training, no instruction, and yet as my hands hovered over the calling shell, I felt a sudden connection to the portal.  It had a soul, a spirit, and maybe its own personality that I never realized before.  Portals were nothing but charming lights, humming noises, and ways of traveling long distances in a short amount of time.  I never thought them any different, until now.
Beannca and I didn’t speak as the colors swirled and lights flashed just like they always did in a portal.  I worried about Hannah.  She hadn’t been through many portals, and the last one we went through frightened her.  I hoped she could keep her wits about her, and guide us to wherever we needed to be to find our fourth siren.
Slowly, I felt the energy of the portal fade.  My hand felt weak, but not as bad as Beannca’s.  Her hand shook, and I thought I heard her whimpering.
“Beannca, are you alright?”  I asked as the humming of the portal wound down.
She rubbed her hand, and took in a deep breath.  “Yes, I’m fine.  Just didn’t know it was going to be like that.”
I smiled at her.  “I know it was amazing.  I didn’t think it would be that way.  It was like it had its own personality, like it was a living thing.  I felt I could almost ask it what its name was. ” Beannca half smiled back at me.  I could tell her experience wasn’t as mind blowing as mine.  “What did you feel?”  I asked.
“Instead of having a group discussion on what we felt, we should find out where the heck we are.”  Hannah glanced back at us, and then stepped off the portal platform.
I was caught up in my experience with the portal that I almost forgot our task.  
“It looks like we landed in someone’s basement,” Beannca said stepping down and onto the dust covered floor.
The room was small and smelled musty, just like a basement with no ventilation.  It looked like no one had come down here in ages. Shelves of disorganized books, boxes, and crates lined the walls covered in cobwebs with dust hanging from them like garland on a Christmas tree.  Even the spiders didn’t live here anymore.  
The only light that illuminated the room was from the portal, and that began to fade.  I quickly reached into my purse, and pulled out a flashlight.
“Good thinking,” Hannah said grabbing my flashlight.
“So I take it that you’re going to lead the way, and if anything jumps out, you’ll be the first one deal with it.”  I raised my eyebrows and stepped off the platform with Beannca nearly glued to my shoulder.
“Nothing will jump out at us.  If they were, they’d have done it by now.”  Hannah replied even toned.  “I’m guessing we landed in a library somewhere with an out of commission portal.”  She shone the flashlight around the small room.  “Maybe we are in an old archives room,” she said walking over to the opposite wall.  “There has to be a door here somewhere.
I joined her search for a doorway between the shelves that lined the walls.  Beannca held the flashlight as we searched in hopes of a way out of this mysterious room. With my hands covered in cobwebs, I finally found a tiny knob.
“Here, Beannca, the flashlight.”  I motioned for her to shine it in the tiny corner.
Immediately, the light bounced back at us, and nearly blinded me.  Two shadowy silhouettes stood in front of us as Beannca screamed, and dropped the light.  I quickly retrieved it, and shone it in front of us.
“It’s alright,” I sighed with my heart returning to my chest.  “It’s only Hannah’s, Sophie’s, and Beannca’s reflection staring back at them.” I had to chuckle to myself.
“It’s a mirrored door,” Hannah said standing in front of it.  She then reached for the knob that protruded out from it.
“Wait,” I grabbed her hand.  “What if it’s no ordinary door and we aren’t in some library’s basement?”  I questioned as Hannah’s eyes met mine.
“Who else would have portals?”  Beannca asked standing behind us examining the dingy mirror.
“Collectors,” Hannah said.  “They would be the only ones to have portals, especially hidden away like this and covered in this much crap.”   She stepped back.  I shone the flashlight around the room again reassessing it.
“How do we get out?”  Beannca’s voice slightly quivered.
I took in a deep breath and glanced at Hannah over my shoulder.  “Unless someone here has the ability to burrow through walls, we go through the glass door.”

Beannca
I hated cobwebs, dirt, musty smells, and confined places.  And right now I was surrounded by all four.  I about had my fill of adventure with everything from the portal to this tiny room filled with dust and cobwebs.  
Sophie seemed to have some kind of enlightenment with the portal, while I felt it was scolding me like I shouldn’t be here manipulating it.  But that was over now, and I hoped I didn’t have to deal with it again.  
“Well then, open it,” I said as I reached for the knob and turned it.
“Beannca,” Hannah and Sophie said my name in unison.
I stepped past them, and drew in a deep breath of refreshing air.  I couldn’t see what was in front of me, but I didn’t care.  I was out of that tiny coffin, and in a much bigger room with tall, slender windows.
Hannah and Sophie stepped out and stood beside me.  We gazed around the dimly lit room as grey clouds skidded across the sky, and lightning flashed along with thunder that rumbled through the damp air.  
“This is someone’s home,” Sophie whispered as we looked around the room filled with bookshelves, a large table, and a fireplace with a marbled mantle.  “And I take it we are in the library.”
“We’ve better get out of here quick,” Hannah said as we turned to find a closed wood paneled door. 
Hannah reached for the knob as it suddenly twirled on its own.
“The storms over now,” said a friendly woman’s voice that came from behind the door.  “I heard there was a lot of damage, but thanks to you Mae, it was stopped before it could do anymore destruction.”  I could hear the sound of jingling keys.  “Oh, these keys are terrible.  There, finally got it out.”    
Our eyes flickered at one another, and then we scattered like cockroaches seeking shelter when blasted with bright light.  Hannah slipped behind the heavy curtain panel that hung in front of the windows, Sophie leaped over the couch that hugged the wall, and hid behind it. I chose to go back into the secret room with the portal.  I didn’t want to, but there was nowhere else to hide.
I heard the door shut followed by several footsteps entering the room.  Chairs were pulled out and then I could hear the sound of paper being shuffled.  I hoped they wouldn’t see or sense us.  We’ve come too far to get caught now.
“I told you I’m fine,” said a stern female voice.
“I just want to make sure,” another voice, male, replied.
The two voices sounded as though they were in the middle of a tug-of-war argument.
“Well, I think Mae is alright, but she should rest, and chalk it up to just one of her abilities.  And it isn’t a bad one.  You just need to learn when to answer the call and when to let it go.  Nolan and I are concerned about you, Mae.  And I know you two care for each other very much, but your relationship isn’t a normal one.  It isn’t like a human marriage.  There are many factors that affect your relationship.”
We must be in a marriage counselor’s office for the enchanted community. 
“Nolan, you were a guardian at one time,” the counselor’s voice said plainly. I nearly dropped to my knees.  Guardian!  We were surely caught now.  “And you Mae are…”
“I am what I am, Maggie,” Mae said as I could hear a chair move.   “Please, don’t call me what I am out loud.”  She pleaded.
Silence.  I suddenly felt the air thicken.  I could feel sorrow, pain, and anger curl around me.  I felt I was going to explode with all the emotions that swirled around me like fish in an aquarium.  
“Alright, I won’t,” Maggie said in a clam voice.  “But please sit down, and let’s talk.”
No, let’s not.  I thought to myself.  I couldn’t take any more of this girl’s tortured emotions I was suddenly feeling.   
“What I think you need is time to reflect on one another, and to do that you need talk to each other about your fears of your relationship.  You need to listen to each other, and I mean really listen,” Maggie said.  “These issues won’t go away, but they can be managed.  I know this is a stressful time, and I know you want to have a child, but you need to have a nourishing environment not only for a baby, but for yourselves as well.”
I felt the tension loosen, and all the bad feelings dissolve.  Mae was calming down, and knew what she had to do.  Not only did I feel connected to her emotions, I began to feel a physical pull to her.  Why did I feel this way?  Was it my siren abilities that had taken over?  
With extreme caution, I cracked open the door.  A man and woman sat side by side in front of a table.  The woman had a petite frame with long brown hair.  Obviously, she must be Mae, and Nolan sat next to her.  He had a lighter shade of brown hair, and held onto Mae’s hand gently rubbing his thumb over her delicate fingers.  For a moment, my thoughts rushed back to Aaron.  I used to do that to his hands.  I closed my eyes and pushed those feelings away.
I turned myself so I could view a different angle.  Maggie sat across from Mae and Nolan.  She had bobbed hair that looked like it had equal portions of white and black stands.  Even though her hair had an aged appearance, she still had a youthful look to her that gleamed in her caring eyes that I could see through the small crack in the door.
They looked like the perfect couple.  I felt my insides fluttered at their love for each other.  I wanted to come out of my hiding spot to tell them that whatever their problems were, wasn’t strong enough to destroy the relationship they had.  Nolan had sacrificed so much to have the family he wanted, and Mae…
A light went off inside of me.  What was Mae?  A familiarity casted over me so strong, I thought I’d topple over.  Then, I clearly saw what she was.  Mae was a siren. 
“Do you have a light on behind the curtain?”  Nolan asked pointing to where Hannah was hiding.
My heart skipped a beat as Maggie turned and looked at the small glowing light that illuminated the curtain.  The calling shell glowed so bright that it looked like it could burn through the heavy curtain.  It was all over now, we’d been found, and by a guardian as well.
“Oh, that,” Maggie said after a few seconds.  “Yes, it’s a nightlight that I keep on if I come in here at night.”  She then stood up.  “I hate to cut our time short, but I should really get down to the library and make sure everything is secure.  You know with the storm.”
“Oh, we understand.  And thanks for everything, Maggie,” Nolan said with a smile.  
Mae and Nolan left as Maggie lingered at first shuffling through papers, and then she stood behind her desk and looked at where Hannah was hiding.  She then turned away and headed towards the door.  It opened and shut.  Good, she was gone.
“Hannah,” I said opening the door to the cobwebbed covered room.  I gently shut it behind me, and headed towards Hannah.  “They’re gone.  We can…”  Suddenly a hand grabbed my wrist and I was shoved against the door.
“Sate your realm and business here.”  Maggie demanded shoving a thin wand in my face.
“B-Beannca White from Chicago,” I replied quickly.
Maggie turned away from me holding the wand straight out in front of her.  It glowed brighter as she pointed it towards Hannah’s and Sophie’s hiding spots. “You, behind the curtain, and you behind the couch,” she said pointing the wand in each direction.  “Come out now.” 
I tried to take advantage of Maggie having her back to me to move away from her, but realized my wrists were stuck to the door.  Strands of glowing light that looked like illuminated cobwebs, glued my hands to the door.  I couldn’t move.
I could see over Maggie’s shoulder Hannah and Sophie.  They stood next to each other with hands raised and eyes on Maggie.  She motioned for them to stand beside me. 
We were caught. Everything was over with now, and I’d end up charged with the murder of Bridget.  I would be put into a book never to see the light of day again.  I began to tremble with tears welling in my eyes.  What was worse than being put into a book of unknown horrors was the idea that it would be recorded that I murdered Bridget, my only true friend.
“What are your names?”  Maggie asked Hannah and Sophie.
“Sophie White,” Sophie said in a calm voice.  “We are…”
“Quiet!”  Maggie pointed the wand at Hannah.  “Your name and realm.”
“Hannah Black, and we’re all from Chicago.”
Maggie studied us with her blue eyes.  I wasn’t sure what exactly she was yet.  She did have a wand, counseled members of the enchanted community married to guardians, and had a hidden room filled with magical implements.  She couldn’t be a librarian, at least an active one.
When Maggie had looked us over for several seconds, she nodded her head with a smile.  “You’re speaking the truth without using an ounce of your siren abilities on me.”  She knew what we were.  “Now, tell me how two White sirens and one Black got into my home with a calling shell in hand.”
Chapter Seven

Hannah

“It was quite by accident,” Sophie blurted out.  “We didn’t mean to, and we’ll be gladly on our way if you please release our friend.”
I glared at Sophie.  What was she doing?!  Did she really expect that saying I’m sorry didn’t mean to intrude in her accented voice would get us out of here?  We didn’t know who this woman named Maggie was except that she counseled guardians and had a hidden portal in a hidden room.  If we wanted out of here, we would have to fight our way out.
Maggie smiled at Sophie.  She had let her guard down, and I wasn’t going to let the opportunity go to waste.  I grasped the wand from her hand pointing it at her.
“Let—” Ringing filled my ears, and I was forced to my knees.  The wand slipped from my hand as I sat nearly paralyzed by the sudden surge of what felt like electricity.
“Here,” Maggie knelt beside me.  “As you can see, my wand wasn’t meant for anyone beside me to handle.”  She picked up the wand, flashed it at Beannca releasing her bonds.  With a smile towards me, she slipped it into a leather holster that hung delicately around her waist.  “Help me get her up, Sophie.  The paralysis will only last a couple of minutes, but I think she’d more comfortable on the couch.”
Maggie and Sophie put me on the couch.  I tried to push myself up, but I couldn’t coordinate my muscles.  I was frustrated for letting myself get into this position.  What if Maggie called the guardianship?  I tried to speak, but my voice was gone.  I looked at Sophie and Beannca.  They sat like two obedient cats gazing at Maggie.  Was I the only one here with any sense?  We had to get out of here.
“Hannah, the paralyzing sensation will go away on its own, but will take longer if you struggle with it.”  Maggie gazed down at me and then lifted my head tucking a pillow underneath it.  “There,” she said and then walked over to the corner of her desk.   
“As I’m sure you overheard in my counseling session, my name is Maggie.  I’m not a librarian and I’m not a guardian, though I did train in the medical fields of the librarianship.  I help the enchanted community providing services not only to them, but the librarianship as well.  I am from Avalon and of the Fae race.  I hope that we have come to a peaceful existence in our meeting of one another.  I do not like violence, but I’m not afraid to use any means of containment to protect myself.”  She walked over to her desk and picked up a small crystal bowl.  “Even touching any of my implements delivers a dose of their own protection as Hannah here experienced.”  She smiled with a nod of her head.  “Mixed nuts?”  She asked casually.  “They are really good—not too salty.”  
What were we, at a party? 
“Oh, I will,” Beannca said pinching a large cashew between her painted fingertips.
Maggie offered some to Sophie.  She took a tiny peanut out of frightened respect, and held it in her palm with a smile.
“Those are good,” Beannca said as Maggie offered her another one.
I wanted to yell at her to stop eating them.  What if they were poisoned?
“You’re Fae?”  Sophie asked.
“Yes,” Maggie replied.  “I’ve lived in Deadwood here for a few years finding it a pleasant home.  The rural setting is really charming, and the slower pace of life a relief.”
I began to wonder where this conversation was headed.  “What are you going to do with us?”  I asked feeling the circulation return to my fingers.
“Feeling better, Hannah?”  
I pushed myself up with my eyes steady on Maggie.  I shook my head.  She gave me a reassuring smile as she offered me some nuts.  I turned them down as I squirmed trying to move my legs.  They were still tingly, and I wasn’t sure if I could even stand yet.
“By any law in the librarianship, I’m supposed to turn you in. But I am also Fae, and live by another set of rules.  Each situation is unique requiring a specific set of rules.  What happens to you depends on your actions.  I know you’re sirens.  I feel you no threat to me so far or Deadwood.  But what I’d like to know is how you got in my office.”  She casually ate another nut.
“We came through your portal in the hidden room,” Sophie said pointing behind her.  This girl was way too helpful.  
“And why were you traveling by portal unattended by the guardianship with a calling shell?”  She held the shell in her palm in front of us.  “These are rare to come by much less have one that is functional.”
Strength returned to my legs.  I glanced over at Sophie and Beannca who gazed at Maggie like school children caught doing something they shouldn’t.
“You said you’re not with the guardianship or librarianship.  So, what are you?  A collector or something,” I said trying to turn the tables on Maggie.  I could just do an enchantment on her.  I knew I had enough siren power in me, but would it work on her?
Maggie tilted her head, and sat the shell on her desk.  “I’m sure you noticed everything in my relic’s room.  And yes, you can sort of call me a collector, but that title doesn’t exactly fit me.  I like to think myself as a preserver of lost or illegal implements keeper.”  I felt a sense of ease with Maggie now.  She wasn’t a tattletale to the librarianship; she was what I would call a collector.  And most of them were wanted with a hefty reward if brought to the librarianship.  “You see,” Maggie continued.  “I hate to see things of our past destroyed just because the librarianship deems it so.  Our history must always be preserved and protected.  I guess you could call me an archeologist rather than a collector because most collectors sell their implements to the highest bidder.  They don’t care what happens to the relics, only how much they can earn from their sale. I keep mine safe in hopes one day they can be in a museum where they will be remembered, not destroyed or sold.”  
“That’s amazing, and very noble of you.”  Sophie complimented.  
Maggie smiled and then picked up the calling shell again.  “Which brings me to this,” she looked at each of us.  “How did three sirens end up portaling through a decommissioned portal with a calling shell in hand and end up in Deadwood, Kansas?”  
Sophie, Beannca and I exchanged looks.  Maggie didn’t emit a threatening vibe to me, and I felt she was one who could be dealt with, but we had to be honest with her.
“We are trying to get to Atlantis or actually, to Murk Island.  We were given the shell by a friend willing to help us.  We need a fourth siren to work the portal to get us there.”
“Yeah, Sophie and I are the connections, Hannah is the navigator, and we need another siren to communicate with the portal.”  Beannca spouted off almost like she was trying to impress Maggie.  “And it was…”
“The calling shell lead us here,” I said cutting off the all-too-informative Beannca. “I believe the woman that was here, Mae, was it and is a siren.”
“Yes, she is, and is married to an ex-guardian,” Maggie said even toned.  “They are trying to start a family, and like I said before, I help those of the enchanted community who need help.”  Maggie sat back in her chair examining the shell.  “I would love to help you, but I also like to be reimbursed when I can.”
She smiled at me as she held the calling shell up to the light.  It glowed and sparkled like it was made of diamonds.  Maggie wanted our calling shell as compensation for helping us.
“You want our shell, but how are we to get to Murk Island without it?”
Maggie twirled her chair back around.  “You can use it to get to Murk Island, but I will come for it later.  Once there, make sure you keep the shell.  I will be traveling there on other business matters, and I will seek you out then.”  Her eyes glistened.  “All  of you will get safe passage to Atlantis and I will gain another relic under my protection. Everyone wins.”
“What about this fourth siren, Mae?  Will she be willing to come?  The shell chose her as communications.”  I asked.
Maggie handed the shell back to me.  “She has been troubled by her past since I knew her.  The shell chose her for a reason, now it’s up to you three to convince her to go with you.”

Mae
The storm had passed, but it still raged inside of me.  I tossed and turned all night with dreams of violent waves crashing against black rocks.  Voices called my name, but I couldn’t answer them.  I felt such a strong connection to the scenes that filled my dreams that they almost were like distant memories.  I began to wonder if they were.
“Mae,” Nolan came in from outside.  He was sweaty and dirty from cleaning up our nearly destroyed barn.  “I have to run into town to get some supplies.”
“Are you going to be back for lunch?”  I asked.  “I’m making chicken salad.”
I got into the fridge to find the mayonnaise, but then caught the peppery smell of Nolan’s summer sausage that he likes to eat with Ritz crackers.  I pulled it out and sat it on the counter.
Nolan stood there smiling at me.  “What?” I asked as I sliced off another slab of the sausage and shoved it in my mouth.
“Nothing, it’s just that you look really pretty.”  He sounded like an awkward boy talking to a girl he had a crush on rather than the man I’d fallen in love with.
“Well thank you, Nolan Gorick.” I smiled, and then he smiled.  I knew I couldn’t possibly look anywhere near pretty.  Our electricity had been knocked out due to the storm making our house hot and humid from lack of air conditioning.  Everything was covered in moisture.  
For convenience sake, I had pulled my hair up which was now in a sticky sweaty mess with tiny strands that fanned out like peacock feathers around my face.  It probably looked like I had been electrocuted enough to power the house.  And now my breath probably smelled like the summer sausage I had ate. 
We both stood there gazing at one another.  I held the jar of mayonnaise in my hands and twisted the lid open until it popped.  I didn’t feel like lunch right now.  I locked my eyes with Nolan as he took the jar from my hands with a smile. Was he going to go to town and was I going to make chicken salad?  The odds didn’t look very good.
I had never felt such a rush of energy run through me.  I pulled Nolan close.  His skin was as sweaty as mine only it had tiny bits of grit stuck to it.  I felt the coarseness of the dirt, the slick sweat that covered our bodies, and the thick scent of our musk that mingled as one.  I had never been so spontaneous, passionate or destructive to our kitchen table before.
Nolan and I laid on the floor with the rhythmic sound of the ceiling fan that twirled over our heads.  The electricity had come back on. The air cooled my skin as Nolan laced his fingers with mine.  I rested my head in the crook of his shoulder as I watched the fan blades cut through the humid air.
“That was…”   Nolan’s voice trailed off, and I smiled.
I propped myself up, and looked at the old wood table that now had a broken leaf that sat on the floor.  “Destructive,” I said with a giggle.
“You know, that was an antique.”  Nolan raised his eyebrows.
“I know,” I said standing up.  “We probably shouldn’t have given it such a work out.”  I put back on my bra and tank top.  “It was your grandmother’s.”  I picked up the leaf and placed it on top of the table.
“I can fix it, and maybe reinforce it…for next time.”  He raised his eyebrows leaning across the counter as I washed my hands.
I smiled flicking water in his face.  “Hey,” he said wiping the droplets away.
I gave him a mischievous smile. Then with a playful giggle and flashing eyes, I dared him to follow me into the garden.  I darted for the hose first thing, and turned on the hydrant.  Cool water blasted from the end covering both of us in what looked like a rainstorm.  We ran around like misbehaving children, but I didn’t care.
We laughed, yelled, and sprayed each other with the refreshing coolness of the water.  I stood there letting Nolan douse me.  Tiny rainbows arched around me framed in the blue sky overhead.  The air blew, cooling off my already cold skin.  The sun’s rays filter down in yellow and white crystals.  I never felt this way before.  It was like something had sprouted inside of me that felt so alive.  I could had flown away so easily in the breeze.
Nolan dropped the hose, and the final drops of water smacked to the ground.  He gazed steadily at me, and before he reached me, I ran towards the pumpkin patch.
He yelled my name, and I replied with girlish giggles until I let him catch me between the pumpkin vines.  Our bodies hit the ground.  Dirt clung to us like flour to chicken ready to be fried.  The prickly leaves of the pumpkins barely concealed our love making act as dark clouds rolled overhead, and thunder growled with pleasure in the distance.

Sophie
“I don’t trust her, and now she’s got the calling shell.”  Hannah paced the floor in Maggie’s study.  Since she went to go and bring Mae to us, Hannah had been questioning her decision to let Maggie take the shell and show it to Mae. “Why did we let her take it?  I should’ve kept the damn thing and we’d be finding Mae on our own.”
“I’m telling you, Hannah,” I said stepping in front of her.  I had to convince her that she made the right choice. “Maggie is on our side.”  Somehow, I’ve noticed, Hannah has a way of dividing things up as either on our side or not on our side.  “I can feel her intentions and so can Beannca.”  I placed my hands on her shoulders letting my eyes rest in her gaze.  “You can too, and you are doing the right thing.” 
She drew in a deep breath and released it.  I felt her worries dissolve upon my reassurance.  I never knew of my abilities until now.  At the same time they fascinated me, they also put fear into me.  It was an unknown thing we were treading into, and all I could do was hope we’d make it to Atlantis.
“I guess,” Hannah said with a shake of her head. 
“Maggie did say that the storm Mae had put a stop to alerted the guardians to investigate.  They are all over town, and I don’t think I’d like to walk into their search party with a calling shell in hand.”  Hannah studied me for a moment.
“What if she brings them back here?”
“Why would she do that when she could take us to them?  Maggie is a collector of magical implements, and hovers in a grey area between the laws of the librarianship and the enchanted community.  If she turned us over to them, she’d have to have a pretty good excuse as to how she stumbled upon us.” 
Hannah shifted her eyes to the floor then to the window.  Outside was about bright as any day could be.  The view of the countryside was magnificent, and I could find myself easily getting lost in it.
“What do you think Murk Island is like?”  I asked switching the tune of our conversation.
Hannah shrugged her shoulders with no reply.
“You don’t have any idea or hopes of what it will be like?”  I stepped beside her.
Hannah, with her long auburn hair and rounded face looked like she was still caught somewhere between an easy to enchant little girl, and a strong woman who had faced many dark nights.
“It has to be better than the life I had before,” she said staring into the peaceful landscape.
I felt her comment was an invitation to press deeper removing the shell that had protected her all those years.
“What was your life like before?”  I asked staring out the window with her.
She didn’t reply at first, but turned to me.  I looked into her eyes that nearly matched the wet grass outside.
“Before I met you—lonely,” her voice was barely a whisper that I could hardly hear.
I stood speechless.  It was like a chord had been struck, and I didn’t know where it would stop or where we were headed.  For the first time in my life, I had no plans, no direction, no schedule, no rules set by the librarianship, no certain way I had to be…
“You guys need to check out Maggie’s kitchen.  It’s…”
Beannca’s voice brought my thoughts to a screeching halt.  I stood in front of Hannah so close, that all I could focus on was her green eyes.
“Uh, what’s going on?”  Beannca asked.
Hannah pushed herself away from me.  “We were looking out the window waiting for Maggie to return.  You know this isn’t some vacation we are on.  We are trying to get to Atlantis without getting caught.”  Hannah grabbed the bag of cookies Beannca had in her hand as she went out the door.  “Come on you two, we need to come up with a plan to impress Mae.”
Beannca folded her arms across her chest and set her eyes back on me.  I smiled as I shrugged my shoulders.
“We’d better go help her because I don’t think she has enough charisma to do the job herself.”

Beannca
It was obvious to me Hannah and Sophie had something going on.  Not only was it visually noticeable, but I could sense it.  And it didn’t bother me as much as it bothered them.  That was something they had to come to terms with.  I had more important things to worry about.  We had to get to Atlantis, not only to change our lives, but I didn’t want to end up in a book.  Other than Jack knowing I was accused of murder, I tried to keep my cool about it so Hannah and Sophie couldn’t pick up on my emotions.  I wasn’t totally sure how sensitive they were, but I wasn’t taking any chances.

“She should be back by now.  It isn’t like we are in Chicago and can blame it on traffic.”  Hannah peered out the leaded glass door with all of its swirling designs.
I thought of Mae, and even though I didn’t know her, I had felt her emotions.
“You know guys; she really has it for her boyfriend or husband or whatever he is.  She won’t want to go behind his back or put him in danger to help us.  They want to have a family, and are happy with each other.  I guess you could say they are in irrevocable love.”  I smiled to myself relishing the feeling that Mae had emitted.  
“And you know this…”  Hannah raised her eyebrows.
I looked at them.  They didn’t have a clue what I was talking about.  “You mean you didn’t feel her emotions when she was here talking to Maggie?  It was all over the room.”
Hannah and Sophie exchanged glances.  No, of course they didn’t, they had a connection to each other.  I could see it as clear as a long satin ribbon binding them. They didn’t feel Mae’s emotions because they were too busy in tune to each other’s.
I shook my head.  “If we want Mae’s help, we are going to have to convince her that she’d be just helping us.  She won’t want to go to Atlantis because she found happiness here.”
“Are you sure?”  Sophie asked.
I shifted my eyes between Hannah and Sophie.  They kind of did look like a couple.  
“I’m sure.  I’ve never felt emotions like that.”  I stepped closer to them.  “I’d bet my life on it.”
The sound of a door opening echoed down the hallway.  I started to go out the door when Hannah stopped me.  
“Wait here,” she whispered glancing back at Sophie.  “Just in case.”
We stood silently in the kitchen.  I closed my eyes for a moment, and reached out like I had long arms with sensitive fingers that could not only see what was beyond solid walls, but what they felt.
Apprehension along with curiosity, were the first two feelings that came to me.  Like a familiar scent, I could tell it was Mae.  
“It’s Mae,” I said going out the door.
“Beannca,” Sophie and Hannah said in unison like parents of a runaway toddler.
I stepped out catching Mae’s and Maggie’s attention.  They both gazed at me as Maggie locked the front door.  Mae’s large brown eyes nearly matched her long hair.  She was dressed in a flower print dress that showed her skinny, bare, arms that looked like they were covered with a rash. 
“Ah, this is Beannca,” Maggie said.  “She is one of the sirens I was telling you about, Mae.”
Awkwardness filled in around us.  I had nearly burst out of the kitchen door to meet Mae like I had known her all my life.  I couldn’t let my first impression be like this.
“Pleasure to meet you Mae, my name is Beannca White.”  I smiled extending my hand out in a friendly handshake.
She tilted her head, gave a small smile, and then shook my hand.  I deepened my smile.
“Your last name is White.  Mine is too.”  
I felt our awkwardness fade.  We were both labeled as “White” sirens which meant we had a good standing with the guardianship—a clean record.  Sophie was a White siren too, but Hannah carried a Black label.  I continued to smile and hoped that didn’t discourage Mae from helping us.    
Hannah and Sophie loomed behind me.  
“This is Hannah and Sophie.”  I stepped aside motioning towards them.  “Hannah and I are from Chicago, and Sophie is from the U.K.” 
They greeted each other with smiles and handshakes like we were just gathering for some social event, not trying to get Mae to join us in something that could get us all in trouble with the guardianship.  We needed her to pull this off, and I needed to escape this world.  
I knew more about Mae than Hannah and Sophie.  I don’t know why Mae’s emotions reached out to me like that, but they did.  And I was going to use that to my advantage.
“Please ladies; let’s go into the study where we can discuss things.”  Maggie smiled as she led us back to her library.
Hannah and Sophie, like two magnets, sat next to each other on one sofa, and Mae sat in a chair.  I took the chair next to her that was separated by a small table.  Maggie took her spot behind the desk.  Everything seemed normal as they made small talk at first.  Sophie jumped right into being the spokesperson of our group talking about herself, introducing Hannah and me and the purpose of going to Atlantis.  I listened at first, but something tugged my attention away from the conversation.  I tried to ignore it, but it was no use. 
Mae’s emotions ran past me like a gentle wave.  I thought she might be frightened or uncertain of us, but she wasn’t.  She was more curious than anything, and happy to be here.  She wanted to not only help us, but herself as well.  She’d been having visions that were getting stronger.  Everything about Mae came so easily to me as if I was meant to pick up on it. I could only concentrate on one thing at a time, and I read Mae’s emotions like randomly going through a book and reading different pages.  I tried to connect things together, and I wasn’t paying attention to Maggie.
“Beannca, isn’t that right?”  Maggie’s voice broke through my siren probing.  “You worked at restaurant in Chicago and are seeking truths to your past in Atlantis.”
I glanced at Mae with a smile.  “Yes, I did.”  I was going to say how I liked it there, but wanted something more and so did Hannah and Sophie.  I planned on putting a thick layer of sincere charm about going to Atlantis to disguise the real reason I had to go there.  I didn’t know how strong Mae’s abilities were, and hoped she didn’t see through me.  
“And now I’ve had these dreams…of sandy beaches and waters so blue you’d think an artist had painted them.  I knew it was something from my past calling and I couldn’t escape them.  My desire to find a way to Atlantis grew, and that’s when I found Hannah and Sophie.”  I motioned towards them.
A light went off in Mae.  I wanted to escape to Atlantis and hide from the guardianship, but she wanted to find her family’s past.  I saw it clearly in her childish brown eyes.  I haven’t had a single dream of what Atlantis or Murk Island was like, but Mae took the bait wholly.  She was our fourth siren, and my only key to a hidden sanctuary.
“And so have Hannah and Sophie.  We all have had these visions of Atlantis, and desires to find out about our families.  But to get there, we need a communicator to connect with the portal.  This is a chance of a lifetime that many sirens never get to take, and it’s sitting right in your lap.”  I may have been laying it on a little too thick, but I wanted to play on every angle I could to get Mae to come with us.
Mae took a sip of iced tea Maggie had served like we were just a group of ladies gathered to organize a party, not plan and commit a crime in the eyes of the guardianship.
“You’re lying,” Mae said plainly as she sat her glass down. I nearly choked on an ice chunk that I rolled in my mouth.  I’ve just ruined our chances with Mae, and our passage to Atlantis was shot to Hell.  I had to say something in defense, but before I could, Mae smiled at each of us.  “Well, let me rephrase that.  You are lying about the visions, but not about wanting to go to Atlantis.  I can see in each of you your desire to go to Atlantis.”
“You’re right, Mae.”  Sophie sat up straight and looked at Mae with her hand sitting on Hannah’s lap.  Not a good time to show your affection to your lesbian lover.  Things were getting worse.  “We haven’t had a single vision.” She slid her scolding eyes to me followed with the equally scolding eyes of Hannah.  “And really, we don’t know each other’s secrets—secrets are meant to be private.  What we all have in common is a safe passage to Atlantis.  It is our homeland, and we have a right to go there even if it goes against the librarianship and guardianship rules.”
Mae nodded with a smile acknowledging what Sophie said, and then took another sip of tea.  Was Mae dragging this out for a reason?  I squirmed in the chair, and took a sip of tea with my eyes on Mae.  She looked like nothing bothered her, but I knew it did.  Her boyfriend or husband, whatever he was, she had strong emotions for.  I bet even Sophie and Hannah through their feelings for each other could sense it.  
“You don’t have to tell me about the librarianship or guardianship.  I’ve had plenty of their rules and regulations, and unlike all of you,” Mae glanced at each of us, “I’ve had strong visions and dreams of our homeland.”  She looked away.  Something glimmered in the corner of her eyes that she quickly dabbed away with her finger.  A pang of sadness ran through me like a passing train.  Mae was in love, and it was a strong love, but she couldn’t hurt him anymore.  He deserved someone better.  Her past was calling her…her lover can’t follow her there severing the ties they had bound together—that is why she was going to Atlantis.  We didn’t have to convince her.  She made that decision before she came here.
“This is a way, and I must say, a very rare chance for sirens to return to Atlantis.”  Maggie broke in our conversation.  She had been just sitting there, watching and listening to us.  “I have the portal to provide safe passage and you have the calling shell to open the portal.”  She stood up gazing like an eager child wanting to go outside and play.  “Now, why don’t we give it a try?”
Chapter Eight 
Hannah
Maggie went to work on the portal saying she had to “tune it up” a little before we used it.  I was naturally leery, but felt I could trust her.  Sophie was right—she would have turned us in first thing, not to mention, she would have to explain her treasure trove of illegal magical implements stored in her secret room to the guardians.  Maggie was helping us, not leading us on.
“What time is it?”  I asked Sophie coming back from my fiftieth trip to the bathroom.
“It’s exactly three minutes later from the last time you asked.  You’re either getting faster about going to the bathroom or you’re slowly running out of urine.”  She didn’t even look at her watch.  Instead, she had a magazine shoved in her face.
“I can’t help it.  I’m nervous.”  I paced the floor and stopped at the window.
Outside was a vastness of openness.  Big sky, endless fields that looked like they went on for infinity made me feel insecure, almost like I was naked and vulnerable.  I was used to buildings, concrete, and glass surrounding me with the constant sound of vehicles, people, trains, and life in general.  Here, you were surrounded by nothingness. 
“Beautiful, isn’t it?”  Sophie asked standing beside me.  I didn’t answer.  “Ann and I used to go to the park every Saturday if it wasn’t raining.  She liked to go there and just swing.  I used to swing with her, and then we’d both tell each other stories we’d made up.  We’d laugh and…”  Sophie’s voice cracked.  “We pretended that our swings could fly and we could go anywhere…she and I… could go wherever we wanted.”  Her voice trailed off.
Sophie gazed into the big infinity of a landscape that I found way too open.  But I knew she wasn’t looking at that, she was past the infinity part.  She gazed at the life she could never return to.
“Ann, was that the kid you took care of?”  I asked.  Since all three of us agreed on going to Atlantis, we didn’t really get to know each other.  It was more of a mutual feeling that we could trust one another, not get into each other’s lives.
“Yes, and she’s growing into a young lady.”  Sophie took a deep breath.  “She’s a beautiful young lady and not in need of a siren for a nanny.”  She pushed herself away from the window and plopped in the chair.
Like a bad odor crawling from a garbage can, I could sense her sorrow and overwhelming feeling of unfairness.
“I bet you are good with kids,” I said sitting across from her.
She looked at me with a twinkle in her eyes.  “You’re just being kind.”
“No, I mean…I can…well, it’s written all over you.”  I looked at Sophie.  “You reek with motherliness to the point that it baffles me.  A siren as a nanny is a rare thing, and I can tell you were good at it.”  I smiled.
Sophie returned the smile, stood up and went over to the window.  I followed her.
“Do you think Atlantis resembles earth?  I mean, do you think the sky is pink or maybe green?  What are the inhabitants there like?”  Sophie rhetorically asked before turning to me with wide eyes.  “We know absolutely nothing about this place, and here we are going to it.”  She defined each word in her revelation that we were really going to Atlantis—hopefully I thought. 
She paced the floor before sitting back in the chair.  “We are going into this blindly.”
I gazed at her.  “Did you just realize that?”  Her eyes darted to me.  “No, we don’t know what Atlantis is exactly like, but,” I sat next to her, “look at the life we are leaving behind, and there are other sirens there.  We have amnesty there from the guardianship and librarianship.”
Sophie lifted her eyes to me.  “True, we do.”  
I smiled at her, and I reached for her hand in an involuntary movement.  I found being close to Sophie made me at ease with everything.  I too wondered what Atlantis would be like for us, but at least for the first time in my life, I had the flickering light of hope at the end of my dark tunnel.

Mae
We would leave today.  I was leaving Deadwood Kansas to never come back.  Deep down I didn’t want to go, but my visions had been pulling me in this direction for a long time.  I knew this was the something I always felt was coming, though I never actually acknowledged it to myself.  
My heart ached for Nolan.  I wanted to be with him, but knew I’d never be able to give him the child he and I wanted.  And adoption would take who knew how long.  This was the right thing to do—my senses tingled with rightness, and I knew I was headed in the direction I needed to be.  My heart said otherwise.  

“Mae, I want you to know that I think you made a good choice to go.  Especially with the visions you’ve been having, and…”  Maggie stood in front of me with glitter smeared across her nose from working on the portal.  “Sometimes we need to connect to our past to move into the future.”
Maggie knew of all my dreams and visions.  She said they were a message for me to follow them.  
I nodded my head.  “Please tell Nolan when he wakes up where I’ve gone, and,” I reached into my pocket and pulled out a tattered note that I’d written a long time ago, “give him this.”  I placed the letter in her hand that I wrote on an impulse I had a year ago. It mainly said that I loved him, always would, and that I never felt so alive being with him.  I told him that this was something greater than the both of us that I had to do.  Even though I didn’t know what it was a year ago, my instincts and visions were guiding me.  Now I know why I wrote it, and was glad I did.
Maggie smiled, and tucked the note inside her glittered covered jacket.  Nolan was none the wiser as to what I was about to do.  When Maggie came to tell me four other sirens arrived in her portal, I knew the time had come.  We gave Nolan a sleeping spell, and I kept my tears at bay until I climbed into Maggie’s car. If he knew what I was doing and where I was going, he’d stop me, and I’d let him.  
“Is everyone ready?”  Maggie announced as if we were going to hop in the car and go shopping.
Beannca, Sophie, and Hannah all stood up and gazed at Maggie and me.  I felt their anxiousness, their excitement, and their fears.  Our emotions bounced back and forth like we were two mirrors facing one another.  If we didn’t move, I felt the room would explode with emotions.
We stood on the platform all huddled together surrounded my hundreds of dusty cataloged implements that I didn’t know Maggie had.  If anyone ever had a true guardian angel, it was me.  Maggie lived here for a reason, and that reason was to help me because who else would have a decommissioned portal in Deadwood, Kansas? 

Sophie
All four of us sirens stood shoulder to shoulder on the circular platform.  Hannah was to my right and Beannca to my left.  Mae stood on the other side of Hannah.  Maggie wished us safe passage as Hannah slipped her free hand into mine.  Instead of fear, I felt strength run through her.  She wasn’t frightened traveling through the portal like the first time she did.  She tightened her hold on my hand, lacing her fingers through mine as if we were on a ride going through the lover’s tunnel in some amusement park.  I liked it, and curled my fingers through hers with a content smile.
We stood just as we did when we left in the portal in the Fisher Building.  Hannah held the shell in her palm, Beannca and I placed our hands over it, and just as Mae slipped her hand over it, I felt a sudden force emit from the shell.  It began to glow brighter as it slowly levitated from Hannah’s hand.  I felt the pressure building as if I had placed my hand on a balloon that was being overfilled with air and would explode any minute.  It was hard to concentrate as I tried to stay focused listening to the portal.
Last time was a pleasant experience, and I don’t know if it was Mae or that we were traveling to another dimension that made it nearly intolerable.  Lights filled my eyes like angry flashes of lightning.  Screeching metallic noises exploded all around, and the air blew upward making my hair stand straight on end.  If we weren’t blown away and scattered like leaves, surely the violent lightning would burn us.  But instead, everything calmed just as quickly as it had turned chaotic.  I was glad when it was over with.
Salt—that was the first thing I smelled.  We must be by an ocean, but was it in Atlantis?  My knees wobbled as I forced my eyes open.  Everything was quiet except for the gentle wind that carried the salty scent and the sound of the breeze through the slender blades of grass that grew all around the triangular stone platform we stood on.  Not one of us moved as we stood there as if we were still traveling through the portal.  The shell, now pale glass, sat benignly in Hannah’s palm.
“Are we…” Beannca’s voice barely whispered the question we all were thinking.
If I answered Beannca’s unfinished question, I’d have to reply; yes.  The blue-green ocean, the brilliant matching sky, and the beauty of the landscape all said we were in Atlantis, and if not, a world that closely resembled it.

Beannca
“Hello there,” a voice erupted behind us.
I turned nearly knocking Sophie over.  I grabbed her by the arm, and steadied her.  She was pale and looked like she was going to puke all over the portal platform.  Hannah wrapped her arm around her protectively as I gazed up at the man that stood in front of us.  
He had white-blonde hair, hazel colored eyes, and was dressed a long green robe nearly matching his eye color.  He held a silver staff with a starfish on the end of it in his right hand. He gazed at each of us patiently waiting for a reply.  He then said something in a foreign language that sounded like he was saying hello.
“Uh,” I said unable to speak with my tongue tied.  
The man looked confused. “Alright, not familiar with that language…maybe it’s Asrai or…”  He pondered talking to himself and rubbing his chin.
Evidently, Hannah, Sophie and Mae all had portal shock as much as me, but I wasn’t going to let this man think I was an idiot.
“Excuse me, yes, hello there,” I said in a friendly tone catching his attention.  “Is this Atlantis?”
Bravely, I stepped off the portal and walked towards him making eye contact the whole time. 
“Yes, this is.”  He replied.
“Sean!”  A female voice yelled in the distance.  “Don’t tell me it was just some bird making a nest again.”  A girl about my age with the same white-blonde hair as the man, crested the hill. She was dressed in the same shade of green robe.  “I’m getting really…”  She stopped dead in her tracks as her steel grey colored eyes met mine.  
I switched glances between them, and they seemed just as surprised as we were. 
“Birds weren’t making a nest on the portal again, were they?”  The girl stepped closer.  
“Unless these are some kind of bird species we aren’t familiar with.”  Sean gave her a crooked smile resting his hands casually on his staff.  “By the energy they are emitting, I’d call them sirens.”
Chapter Nine

Hannah

“Sophie!”  I yelled as she slipped from my arms to the portal floor.
I bent down and cradled her head as I pushed her hair back.  Her face had lost all color.
“Here, let me see,” Sean’s murky green eyes looked into mine.  I thought of pushing him away, but a feeling of calmness flashed over me.  He was here to help.  “She lost a lot of her energy when you traveled through the portal.  Where are you from?”  He asked as he ran his hands inches over Sophie.  The air rippled like water around his hands.
“What are you doing?”  I asked.
He didn’t look at me.  “I’m recharging your friend’s field so she doesn’t die.”  His voice was controlled and even toned.
“Die?”  I whispered in disbelief.  
“You didn’t answer my question, siren.  Where did you come from?”
Color started to return to Sophie’s face and she opened her eyes as she reached for my hand.
“Earth.”  I answered.
“That wasn’t so hard, now was it?  And your lover will be fine.”  He smiled and helped Sophie to her feet.
“Are you alright?”  I asked with my arm around Sophie.
“Yes, I’m fine now.”  She answered in a low voice.
We stepped off the platform and stood beside Beannca and Mae.  Sean paced in front of us rubbing his chin as the white haired girl stood facing us like a drill sergeant.  
“Where’s your calling shell?”  Sean asked suddenly.  “I know you have one because the portal will not operate without one, and the only ones who can use our portals are elite members of the Alliance.”  For the first time in my life, I felt intimidated.  We emitted our siren character description, if you want to call it that, to him, but he also emitted one.  I wasn’t sure if anyone else picked up on it, but I did.  He was filled with arrogance. Sean held an important title that he didn’t mind throwing into the faces of those with a lesser status.  Basically, his siren personality boiled down to one word—jerk.   And I could read it like it was tattooed on his forehead.
“Calling shell—we don’t have one, and don’t know what that is.”  I imagined a veil, sheer and as strong as spider’s silk covering me and my lie.  I knew Sean would be able to sense my falsehood, so suddenly I found myself protecting myself in ways I didn’t know I could.  His eyes became fiery green slits.  He could see what I was doing.  “Yes, we were trying to get to Atlantis and used a decommissioned portal from a collector.  We are seeking amnesty and to escape the brutalities of the librarian and guardianship.”  I had to spread a little truth to gain what trust I could.
Sean took in a deep breath, and then smiled at me.  “You are a creative siren, aren’t you?”  He stepped closer to me.  We were nearly the same height and almost same caliber of siren.  I could see it clearly in his mossy green eyes.  “But you have a lot to learn my lovely.”

What Sean called “our cell”, was actually what I’d call a plush hotel room.  There were two king sized beds laden with about a hundred pillows each, a plateful of fruit, cheese and crackers, and filled with elaborately carved furniture.  The walls were creamy white with streaks of grey in them and looked like they were solid stone slabs.  They were cool to the touch and seemed to radiate their coolness throughout the room.  There was a small balcony overlooking the vast ocean of swirling blues and greens.
“Do you think they will let us stay?”  Beannca asked to no one in particular as she sat on the edge of the puffy pale blue couch.  
She was worried, I sensed it.  I looked over my shoulder toward the balcony where Sophie stood gazing out at the scenery.  I was going to join her when suddenly Beannca went off like a warning whistle to me.  I had to, or somebody had to calm her and her strong wave of emotions.  Mae was busy examining the fruit in the basket, and paid no attention to us.  I was the only one who heard Beannca.
I drew in a deep breath and joined her on the couch.
“Sean will help us, I could feel it.”  I felt everything about him.  That confused me, and I wondered if Sophie or Mae felt the same thing.  It was like he was transparent to me, like I had a connection to him somehow.  “Didn’t you feel it too?”  I hoped she would say yes, but Beannca shook her head.
“I thought he was cute.”  Beannca lifted her eyes to me.  “To be honest, that’s the first thing I thought.  I don’t know why, I just did.  It was like something flashed over me, and I…”  She looked at the floor again.
Now she had me wanting to know what she was going to say.  I hate it when people do that.  “And you what?”
She drew in a deep breath and released it.  “I don’t know why, but I feel like this is home already.  This is our homeland, our birthplace…that doesn’t make it,” she looked at me with her large eyes, “home.  That takes a while to feel something like that.”
I understood what she was saying, even though I had never felt a place was a home.  All the places I’ve lived at where just places, and nothing more.  I never had grown roots anywhere, as the saying goes.  Maybe this place will allow me to.
“You guys are standing in there missing this incredible view.”  Sophie stuck her head in and then went back onto the balcony.  “There are ships!  I’ve been watching them for five minutes now.”
Mae lifted her head from being engrossed in the fruit.  She had a few pieces laid out, and I grabbed the one that looked like an apple.
“Come on let’s go and look at Sophie’s amazing view.”  I took a bite of the sweet fruit.
It was like a picture in a travel magazine.  The endless ocean had every shade of blue that hit the pink tinge sands of the beach in the distance.  Below, I could see the tops of lush palm trees, colorful vines that bloomed in every color imaginable, and the shell covered roofs of the buildings that popped out between all the greenness.  The ships Sophie pointed out, were in the distance and looked to be headed this way.
“It’s beautiful,” I whispered standing next to Sophie.
“It really is,” she replied with satisfaction.
“I don’t want to leave,” Beannca said standing next to me.
We all stood next to each other shoulder to shoulder peering out at the beauty of Atlantis.
“This is our homeland, our birthplace, and we have a right to be here,” Mae said.  “We need to be here.  Just like us meeting, and everything that happened in Deadwood,” she looked at all of us with her innocent eyes that hung somewhere between a girl and a woman, “fate has made this possible.  Look at the odds that were against us even getting here. We are meant to be here.”
We all agreed outspokenly to Mae’s words.  I felt it run through us.  Doubts, fears, uncertainty…all negative emotions that I had carried for so many years floated away in the gentle wind and were carried out to sea never to be felt again.

Mae

“The first thing we need to do is evaluate each of you,” Sean said as we stood in front of him.
The room we were in was what I would call a library with tall, vaulted ceilings, countless books siting on shelves that lined the walls, and enormous windows that framed the ocean view in the distance.
“You are automatically considered residents of Atlantis under Atlantian law set by the Alliance.  The librarianship and guardianship have no jurisdiction here, but,” Sean gazed at each of us with his mossy green eyes, “your evaluation will determine your permanent citizenship here.”
“What?”  Hannah blurted what we all thought.  “I thought we are safe here…I thought it was a sure thing when we got here.”  Her words were filled with desperation.  
Sean let a smirk escape his lips.  “You are residents of Atlantis, and I’m sorry that did seem a bit misleading.”  He rubbed his chin.  “Whatever your position was with the librarianship, no longer is valid.  When you stepped off the portal platform, you are considered residents of Atlantis under the race of sirens.  To gain rights, you must become a citizen.  It’s different for sirens though.  We need to know what level of siren you are, and since none of you have been evaluated, we must do that.”
“And how do you do that?”  I asked stepping forward.
Sean gave me a slightly disapproving look as he looked me up and down.  I know I didn’t fit the siren mold, but I knew I had strong powers.
“You are a hidden gem.”  He smiled, my skin slightly crawled.  “Your light is bright, but your appearance is slightly misleading.  You are a lovely creature, but plain by siren standards.”  He leaned back with a crooked smile.  I glared at him with my left eyebrow arched, he took notice.  “Take it as a compliment, Mae.  I’ve evaluated many sirens, and you,” he shook his finger at me, “interest me.”  I straightened and tilted my head to the side trying to sum him up.  He was blocking me, I couldn’t get through.  “You have strong visions…very strong visions along with a past rich in our culture.”  His eyes drew me in as if they had suddenly turned into strong magnets.  I couldn’t resist staring into them and even forced myself to not blink.  I didn’t want to miss a movement of the swirling greens that filled the iris of his eyes.  “Hmmm,” he said with satisfaction slowly releasing his trance on me.  I pulled back not taking my eyes from him.
“What do you mean by hmmm?”  I asked after a few moments past without explanation.
“You come from a line calling shell navigators.”  I gave him a confused look.  “That kind of siren is rare these days.  Shell navigators give the calling shell a direct link from portal to portal.  Once created, the portal link made by the calling shell can’t be tampered with.  Only shell navigators can do this.  Unfortunately, many were killed so long ago.”
I thought of my visions.  The woman with the same color of eyes—my mother had let me hold a calling shell.  She loved me, and I her.  She wanted to teach me things—things of heritage. My heart ached for the knowledge of my past, for my mother, and for Nolan.  I knew my leaving would hurt him, but only for a little while would his heart ache.  If I would have stayed, his life would turn into a miserable mess.  Our family ended with just us.  
I was torn in my emotions.  Sean had reached into me in what he called an evaluation.  Did he really need to get personal?  I lifted my eyes to him.  He gave me a quizzical look of concern.
“Mae, dear, are you alright?”  He asked.
How dare he venture into my feelings I had for Nolan.  I felt a rage cast over me like storm clouds clustering together to block out the bright summer sun.
“Mae?”  Beannca gently grabbed by the arm.  I jerked it away, ready to pounce when a stabbing sensation pieced through my stomach.
I clutched my belly thinking I had been stabbed.  Something warm ran down my leg—blood.  
Sean jumped up as Beannca and Sophie guided me to the floor.  Sean’s eyes turned tender with concern as he placed his hand on my stomach.
“She’s with child.”  He shook his head and mumbled something to himself.
“But sirens can’t get pregnant,” Hannah said in disbelief over my head.
Sean looked up at her.  “Well, Mae is, and I want her child to live.”  He jumped up, went over to his desk and lifted a clear stone to his ear that lit up with pastel colors.
I felt the flow of blood slow and the pain dulled.  I was pregnant—again with Nolan’s baby and it was still inside of me—alive.

“Mae,” a voice, female, said in a gentle tone.
I opened my eyes to see a woman with blonde hair sitting beside me.  She smiled making her curious shade of eyes twinkle.  I gazed at them with curiosity. 
“You have one green and one blue eye.”  I stated my thought aloud.  She deepened her smile.
“They are Atlantian eyes.”  Her voice was filled with amusement rather than insult at my rude comment.  I usually wouldn’t say something like that, but I couldn’t help it.  “My name is Karrina, and this is Zach.”  She motioned to the blonde haired boy hovering behind her.  He smiled with a nod.  “We are with the Alliance and are here to help you.”
I gingerly ran my hand over my stomach that was covered in soft blankets.  “Is it...am I…”
Karrina smiled.  “Yes, you are still with child.”  A wave of relief fell over me.  “But we need to know whose child it is.  I hate to be so blunt and personal, but we need to have as much information as we can.  We want to help you Mae, I hope you understand that.”  Her eyes said it for her.
“Nolan Gorick is the father.  He was once a guardian and lives in Deadwood, Kansas.”  I suddenly felt a wave of weakness caress me like the waves of the Sanudra Ocean that surrounded us.  How did I know what to call those waters?  My mind was drifting.  “Please,” I said pushing the words from my mouth before sleep took me.  “Find him, he needs to know.”
I was still pregnant.  Fate couldn’t have this child.  It was mine, it was Nolan’s, and I prepared myself to fight for its life.

Sophie

Mae was the strongest of all of us.  I already guessed that by just watching her.  Beannca was the weakest at emitting her power, but strong at receiving it.  Hannah and I were somewhere in the middle in Sean’s explanation of siren abilities.
Sean reassured us that Mae was alright as none of us could concentrate through our worry.  I found it nothing next to a miracle that Mae was pregnant.  Was it fate, or just a fluke that something so amazing had happened? 
 
“What do you think they will do with us?”  Hannah asked as we walked barefoot in the pink sand.  The rush of the waves filled the silence before I answered.
“Whatever it is, it won’t be of our choice.”
“Why do you say that?”
I stopped and watched the water brush the grains of sand depositing a few broken shells in their leave.
“Think about it.  We came here unexpectedly, not to mention escaping from the librarianship, and do you think they are just going to say welcome to paradise, you can do whatever you want.”
Hannah didn’t answer, but instead picked up a colorful broken shell.  She examined it before throwing it out into the ocean.
“Why did you toss it back?  It probably took forever for it to make it to the shore.”  I don’t know why, but I always thought of things that way.
“It’s a shell, it doesn’t have feelings.”  Hannah found amusement in my philosophical way of reasoning with inanimate objects.  “Besides, I know how the shell would feel at this very moment if it had feelings.”  She smiled at me.
I crossed my arms.  “Whether the shell has feelings, doesn’t matter.  It’s the idea that it was a long struggle to reach shore.”
“But if it did have feelings, it would feel cheated, betrayed, and exhausted to the point of giving up, but it doesn’t give up—no matter how many times it gets tossed into the ocean.”
I felt we were not really talking about the shell, and the possibility of it having emotions anymore.  Hannah let her gaze wander into the many shades of blue and greens that surrounded us.
“Why doesn’t the shell give up?”  I asked feeling that the silence was my turn to speak.
“Because it knows there is something greater out there that is just waiting for them to find.”  She turned her vivid green eyes to me.  They looked even greener than I remembered, almost as if they had pulled extra color into them from the seascape.
I smiled at her before running towards the waves.
“Look!”  I yelled.  “I’m being cast into the ocean!”  I stood knee deep in the foaming waves that swirled around my legs.
Hannah ran after me, slamming her body into mine, knocking both of us into the cool water.  My head went under and then popped up to find my lips on Hannah’s. I was both startled and elated at my response to kiss her back.  I felt it taboo at the same time it was something I wanted to have that I didn’t even know I wanted.  Hannah, I felt, had simply fallen out of the bright blue sky and into my lap.  I never knew I’d find this kind of connection.
Suddenly she pulled herself away from me.  Waves splashed against out faces as she looked at me with a mix of emotions.  
“We…we shouldn’t do this.  What if it’s breaking one of their laws?”  Hannah reached for my hand.  I immediately felt that familiar spark I had experienced the first time I met her.  I smiled.
“I’m tired of fitting into a mold that everyone wants you to fit in.”  I shook my head with a smile.  “For the first time in my life, I feel I can make my own decisions on what I want.  I don’t know what it is, but this,” I squeezed her hand, “is right.”
Hannah gazed around her as if someone was going to pop out and arrest us.
“Hannah, we don’t even know what their laws are here.  And so far, they seem pretty lenient.”  I tucked her hair behind her ear.  “And the guardianship or librarianship has no control over our futures anymore.  We are nothing to them, and never was.”
I felt Hannah’s tension lessen.  She was listening to me and letting her guard down she had held for so long.
“If you wanted to go swimming, you should have just asked for a suit to do so.” Sean stood at the water’s edge and peered at us with his mossy green eyes. “Come girls,” he said with a smile.  “Dinner is about to be served.”

Sean didn’t say anything about the obvious that was going on between Hannah and me.  Not only was it visually noticeable, but we were around other sirens that could pick up on our every emotion.  Secretly, I tried to do the same thing to Sean.  I wanted to know what was going on concerning all four of us.  So far, we’ve been treated like guests at a fancy hotel.  Surely this wasn’t how things were going to be forever.

I sat between Hannah and Beannca with Sean seated in front of me at a small round table.  Dinner was served on a balcony overlooking the ocean.  Large potted plants mimicked the lush green landscape below us.  Orillions with their unmistakable glow, lit the area in warm light.  Sweetness mixed with saltiness, lingered in the cool air.

Hannah, Beannca and I all wore the same simply designed dress that reminded me of a sundress.  Mine was in lavender, Hannah’s was blue, and Beannca’s was pink.  We looked like we should had been someone’s bridesmaids.  Sean wore a soft grey colored suit that looked like it was made out of linen. 
The house, or mansion we were in, was sculpted like a sandcastle.  The exterior was smooth with no sharp edges, but curves and arches instead.  I also noticed there were no doors, but an elaborate system of hallways and niches that separated the rooms.
“How’s Mae doing?”  Beannca asked Sean as he sat down.  We haven’t been allowed to see her, but have asked about every hour.
“She is well and under the care of an elite member of the Phoenix clan of the Alliance.”  Sean took a sip from his silver glass etched with shells.
“When do we get to see her?”  I asked with a raise of his eyebrows.
“When she is strong enough.”  He sat his glass down and gave me a curious gaze like he was evaluating me.  “You four have a genuine concern for each other’s well-being, don’t you?”
I burrowed my eyebrows.  “Why shouldn’t we be concerned about our companion?”  I asked.
“You must understand, we haven’t had many sirens from earth make it here.  We don’t know what your mentality is, your ideas, and what your beliefs are in general.  The librarianship and guardianship have what we would call preserve our race, but not its culture.  We are simply curious, not trying to insult you Sophie.”  Sean gently tapped his hand on mine.  I tried to contain my surprise at his gesture with a smile.
“So, what are you going to do with us?”  Hannah asked slugging down her drink and plunking down her glass.
“Hannah, you are a curious gem, and one I have a personal interest in.”  His eyes gleamed at her as he took another sip from his glass.
Before Hannah could question him, young girls with braided hair and long, flowing, pastel colored dresses, brought in covered trays and placed the dishes before us.  I thanked them, but they hardly looked at us as if they were on a mission and nothing more.  They came and went so fast as if they weren’t even here.
I looked down at the array of colorful vegetables mixed with what looked like nasturtium blossoms, and shrimp.  The aroma made my stomach groan with anticipation of the taste to follow.  I stabbed what looked like a potato with my fork and popped it in my mouth.  Initially, it was bland, but then I could taste something close to oregano.
“What do you mean by personal interest?”   Hannah asked after all the serving girls left.
Sean smiled with a twinkle in his eyes of playful mischievous that flickered behind them.  He then cleared his throat, and turned towards Hannah.
“I didn’t have intentions of discussing this at the table, but I believe that you and I are connected through blood.”  His eyes were solely on Hannah as Beannca and I exchanged glances.
Hannah shook her head, and I instinctively reached for her hand under the table.  “You mean like family?”
He nodded.  “If you want to use that term, but it all ends in the same place no matter what you call it.  You and I share blood, Hannah.  I noticed something in your aura when I first set eyes on you.  You have a lot of untapped power in you that could be very beneficial to us.”
I squeezed Hannah’s hand, she didn’t look at me, but I felt her insides churn with the possibility that family could exist for her.  She always wanted it more than anything, and now it sat in front of her and beside her.  Hannah, for the first time felt the surge of what she always dreamed of, and she wanted to run away.
“It’s alright, Hannah,” I whispered in her ear.
She drew in a deep breath before taking a sip of wine.  Sean gazed at her.  Surely he could pick up on all of our emotions, but as he gazed at her with questioning eyes, I thought maybe he hadn’t. 
“Hannah, is everything alright?  You look a bit pale,” Sean said as his eyes casted over with sincere concern.
“No, I’m alright.”  Hannah composed herself and smiled at Sean.  “It’s just that family…well I’ve never had any before.”
“We are all family here, dear sirens.  We are protected here in Atlantis and have certain rights as well as duties we are responsible for.”
“Duties, what duties?”  Beannca asked before I could.
Sean gazed at all of us with his steady eyes.  “Well, my ladies, not only does the Alliance impose upon us from time to time, but we have personal endeavors as well.”  His smile had a cunning edge to it.
I tried to reach into Sean for more information, but it was like hitting a brick wall.
“Beannca, you are wanted by the guardianship for the murder of your former employer.  Hannah and Sophie,” his mouth curled upward.  “You prefer one another’s company over that of a male siren.  These are not good qualities to have here at Murk Island.”  Bile rose in my throat, Beannca looked like she was going to faint, and Hannah began to curl her hand into a fist.  “But,” Sean raised his voice at our silent chaos, “we also overlook things like that.  There is no need to punish something for living its true nature.”  He switched his eyes between Hannah and me.  “And to be framed for a murder is just as wrong as committing the crime.” He took Beannca’s hand.  “You my flower are no more of a murderer than I.”  Sean stood up guiding Beannca with him as if she was his queen.  He liked her, I could see that as clear as day.
“You are here now, and that’s all that matters.  As far as who you serve it is the Alliance first, and then Murk Island.  What your duties and obligations are to be, I do not know yet. But, when summoned, you will oblige to what is needed.”  Sean gazed at all of us with his green eyes.  “To decline will be your ticket back to the guardianship.  I would hate to see any of you return to them.”
I felt we were stuck between a hard place and a rock.  The librarianship and guardianship, I knew, but Atlantis, I knew nothing.  I squeezed Hannah’s hand.  We’ve come this far, we couldn’t turn back even if we were traveling into the unknown.  With three nods, we were sirens of Murk Island.

Beannca

“Thank you for agreeing to come with me on a walk.  I like to go after a meal to clear my thoughts.”  Sean walked beside me as the waves curled around our feet.
“It’s beautiful here,” I replied.
Sean gazed out at the sea that he’d probably looked at thousands of times.
“But I suppose you’ve seen hundreds of sunsets, and walked countless miles on the beach.  I bet it’s like me walking among the tall buildings in Chicago.”  I smiled with a shrug.  “The awe and amazement have become the mundane.”
“That isn’t so.”  Sean corrected me.  “The beauty is still there, we simply don’t lose sight of it.”  We stopped, and stood shoulder to shoulder facing the endless ocean.  “But I understand how the beauty can lose its luster when experiencing it every day.  That is more of a human response rather than a siren response.  Sirens are naturally in tune to the elements surrounding them.  We notice changes all the time.”  He looked down at me.  “I can even see changes in you since you came here.”
My eyes shot back up to him.  “What changes?”  I asked with concern.
Sean’s lips curled into a smile, and wrinkles formed around his eyes.  “Don’t worry, it isn’t grim.”  He chuckled as he slipped his hand in mine.  “Come on, I want to show you something.”
Being with Sean was like having a warm blanket wrapped around me.  I had never felt so comfortable around a complete stranger in such a short amount of time before.  Our walk turned into a slight jog as Sean pulled me along like a child that wanted to show me something amazing.  When I first saw him at the portal, he looked almost like a warrior, but that appearance had fallen, and I felt I was looking at another Sean.  
He slowed our pace as we neared the jagged black rock cliff that jetted out towards the ocean.  Large boulders were scattered along the beach, and some had crumbled into the water. 
“This is called the blackened caves.”  Sean stopped in front of a large arched opening that reminded me of the opened mouth of a lion.  It was as beautiful as it was dangerous looking.  “Murk Island once had active volcanoes and this is an old lava flow that we are standing under.”  We barely stood inside the cave that looked to be at least twenty feet high.  “This tunnel leads to the council building, the first building in the circle.  It was used to transport dignitaries from other lands when we held a council.  It was a protective passageway for those who traveled by sea.  Now, it’s abandoned and the gate has been sealed shut.”
“This is really an amazing place,” I said over the echoing ocean that amplified within the cave walls.  I looked out towards the ocean that was now framed in the ancient lava flow.  
“No, you are amazing,” Sean said stepping closer to me.
I gasped slightly as we stood facing on another.  His smile was warm and his gestures timid.  It was almost like he was trying to control his emotions—not move too fast because it was too soon.  A flash of sorrow casted over me like a sudden gust of a winter’s wind.  I kept my eyes on him.  Had I picked up on one of his emotions that I’ve been trying to read since I got here?  Or did Sean send it to me?  I didn’t reach into it or follow it.  I simply let my eyes gaze into his, and his eyes into mine before I pulled my eyes from his.
“I’m not really that amazing.”  I might look like the stereotype for a siren, but so far all I’ve been able to do is crack the window in Jack’s apartment.  “I’m not a very powerful siren.”
“I beg to differ. There are different degrees of amazing.”  Sean stepped farther into the cave pulling me with him.  “There are actually three levels: grand, element, and sight siren. Grand sirens cover a vast area with their influences, and can execute a wide spectrum of siren abilities, but are masters of none.  They are the most common, and were used in negotiations during wars to keep opposing parties’ minds open to each other.  Sight sirens are very rare and can translate things at long distances, kind of like long-range weapons.  They are nearly all but gone, very few of them remain.”  Sean stopped and stood facing the cave wall.  “That is why I want Mae’s child to live.”
A light, soft in illumination, sat in Sean’s hand.  It was an orillion—the light of the Faes’, and it illuminated the sculpture carved into the cave wall.  It was of a man and woman facing one another with a willow-like tree hovering over them.  It was done in great detail with great care taken to every fold of their clothing to the individual leaves on the tree.  The figures were so real looking, I thought they might move.
“This is one of the relief carvings done to greet any visitor.  The woman represents thought, and the man represents movement.  They meet each other in the middle because thought would become stagnant without movement, and movement would be futile without thought.”
I gazed up at it, entranced by the deepening shadows.  I felt I could had stepped into it myself and touch their almost joining hands when the long branches of the weeping tree swayed delicately in some unfelt breeze.  “Think before you act,” I said more to myself as the man and woman joined their hands before the sculpture froze into place.
“Simple idea, but not always executed by all.”  He tugged on my arm as he held the orillion in front of him.  It made long shadows on the bumpy cave walls that had a few smoothed out areas that looked like they had been sanded.
“Were there going to be more carvings?”  I asked referring to one of the many flattened out areas we had passed.
Sean stopped and drew in a deep breath.  “I wish the surfaces were being prepared, but no, there aren’t going to be any more sculptures.”  His eyes fell on me with a hollow look to them.  “Come my lovely element siren,” Sean said as his smile feathered away. A foreboding look filled his face for a mere second before it vanished.  Even though I couldn’t get through to test Sean as to what kind of siren he was, I could tell that things were not perfect in this perfectly landscaped world.
“Wait,” I said resisting his pull on my hand.  “I’m an element siren?”  He nodded his head, and I waited for him to elaborate on it, but he didn’t.  “Well, what is it?”  I felt overjoyed that I at least fit into one of the three types of sirens.
“I’m sorry.  I guess most of us here have known what level we are for a long time.”  His eyes sparkled at me.  “An element siren can influence the elements like grand sirens can calm a room filled with angry people.  Wind, rain, clouds, snow, and if strong enough, elements like fire can be guided by an element siren.”
I thought of Jack’s window I had accidently cracked when my anger for Aaron overtook me.  “You mean I can conjure up storms, make it snow and set fires if I want too?”  The idea of that much power was very enticing.
Sean let out a deep belly laugh.  “Well, not exactly.”  He took my hand and placed the orillion in it.  “Look at the orb, and ask it to glow brighter.”  I gave him a confused look.  “Gaze at it thinking to yourself about how beautiful it is.”  I looked at the orillion in my palm.  “You don’t control the elements, you encourage them.”
I gazed at the orillion.  Its white light filled my hand and shone the area around us.  It was basically like a small flashlight.  I’ve seen many orillions and never really looked at them as I am now.  
Like vines curling around a trellis, I felt the orillion reaching out.  It was a strange sensation that filled me.  It was like something cold and metallic filled my senses.  I felt the reaching out part like I did with Sean earlier, but it was totally different.  With him it had a human feel, with the orillion it was like I was connecting with a computer.
I felt it reaching deeper into me, and before it got too far, I gave a command.  Suddenly, the orillion began to shift in a rainbow of colors.  Green to blue to yellow, and then orange as I watched it amazed.  
“I do believe I would continue encouraging the elements like this rather than conjuring storms and such.”  Sean and I both laughed—something I hadn’t done in a long time. 
I felt giddy and wasn’t sure if was the aftereffects of using my siren abilities or being with Sean.  He was easy to talk to and I enjoyed his company.  
“So what kind of siren are you?”  I asked as we walked in the rainbow colored light of the orillion.
“Grand, like Sophie and Hannah.”
“Mae’s a sight siren.”  Sean glanced at me and then grimly nodded his head.  “But that’s good, right?”
“Yes, and no.”  He reached for my hand and gently held it in his like it was a delicate baby bird.  “Good, because her daughter will be a sight siren like Mae, and Mae’s mother before her.  Bad, because the Alliance doesn’t like sight sirens.  Though they tolerate them, they will more than likely take the child if they suspect anything, and train them in the ways of the Alliance making them one of their own.  They will tell them nothing of their siren heritage.  She will always feel something’s missing, and will find herself always searching until it kills her.”  His voice trailed off.
“But why doesn’t the Alliance like sight sirens?”
Sean cleared his throat and shifted his weight.  “Because they are a strong siren.  If they gain control over their power wielding it to its full potential, they could be unstoppable.  The Alliance will not take the risk, but I will.  It’s time sirens returned to Atlantis.”    
Chapter Ten

Hannah

“The calling shell belongs to Mae,” I said holding it in my hand.  I knew Maggie would be coming for it one day, and thought it best that Mae have it to give her.
“Yes, as all calling shells do.”  Sean flipped through several white envelopes he had in his hand.
I watched him scan with his eyes each envelope flipping them over and under one another.  He reminded me of a dog twirling in circles until he found the right position to sit in.  
“I don’t think you understand,” I finally said since Sean was ignoring me.  “The calling shell,” I shook my head.
His eyes lifted to me.  “Yes, what of it?”
“I still have it, and I need to give it to her.”
Sean tucked the envelopes under his arm, and walked towards me with his usual warm smile.  His footsteps were soft on the marbled floor.  The room was large with circular windows that streamed in the morning sun and made the white, sandy walls sparkle like ice crystals.  We stood in what Sean called the greetway of the receiving hall building where we have been for the past two days.
“Calling shells are not to be possessed by any individual, but kept in the implements department.  That my dear Hannah is where you’ll be going today with Rae.”
“Who’s—”  I started to say when the large arched doors that were solid glass stained with swirling blue and green colors, opened and nearly blinded me with the light they reflected.  
I moved out of the bright light, as the door quietly shut.
“Ah, you’re on time.  Excellent.”  Sean greeted the girl with white hair.  “You remember Rae?”  He glanced at me as he placed his hand on her shoulder.
I nodded.  “Yeah, she was there the day we arrived in Atlantis.”  I kept my eyes on her.  Rea looked a lot like Sean, and I had to ask the question that burned in my head. “Are you two brother and sister?”  
Both gave me a blank look before glancing at one another.
“Do you mean closer in relation?”  Rae asked.  
“Yeah, like having the same parents.”  I knew my blunt question was well, very blunt, but I felt the need to ask as many questions as I possibly could.
“We have the same mother, but father, we have different ones.  As you know, sirens have trouble reproducing our race, and when a female siren can become pregnant…”  Sean for the first time looked uncomfortable.
“That becomes her duty?”  I asked breaking the awkward silence.
“Sort of,” he replied vaguely.  “Now the business with the calling shell.”  He motioned towards my hand.  “Rae will take you where we keep all of our treasures, and maybe show Hannah as well as Sophie around until I return from council.”
Rae nodded as Sean said goodbye leaving us alone in the sparkling room.  I smiled as she kept her face expressionless.  I cleared my throat, and waited for her to say something or tell me more about what we were going to do.  Instead, Rae walked around me as if she was evaluating me in her own way.  
I stood uncomfortably still as she made a slow circle around me.  Her hair was pulled back into a loose braid letting a few strands curl around her oval face.  Her steady grey eyes were surrounded in her perfectly creamy complexion.  Rae had an icy appearance that reminded me of a sunny winter morning with newly fallen snow still in a state of perfection before it had been trampled.
“You are a grand siren, like me.”  Rae finally said.
“Sean explained that to us…about the different types of sirens.”  I hoped she wasn’t going to be like this the whole time I was with her.
“But you like females over males—interesting.”  She added casually as my mouth dropped open.  “Don’t be ashamed.  It’s not uncommon for our kind to care for both sexes.”  Her pale lips curled into a smile.
She then slipped her hand into mine.  “Come on siren; let’s get that calling shell where it needs to be.”

I didn’t protest or suggest we take Sophie, like Sean had said.  I felt like an oblivious child following a stranger after being told not to go with strangers, and here I was doing it.  Rea had a dominating feel to her, and one that I wasn’t going to challenge.  I was new here, and if I wanted to stay here, I had to do as I was told.  Maggie would have to find a calling shell another way to add to her collection.

“These are the academy buildings.”  Rae stopped in front of a large three story building with the same style of door as the receiving building, except this one had glass stained in pinks and oranges.  It too looked like it was made out of sand molded into gentle curves and arches.  Various sizes of windows filled with glass matching the door, covered the front of the building. “This is the reception building.” Rae gazed up at it.  “Behind it are the academy buildings that teach everything from using your abilities as sirens to history and even some mathematics.”  I cringed at the thought of math.
“Math,” I said with bitterness.
Rae turned around with her stone-like expression and gazed at me with her steel colored eyes.  Her cold stare made me feel I had insulted her, and I had better un-insult her fast.
“I-I mean…math…it’s good…we need to have it.”  I took a deep breath trying to compose myself.
“Don’t hurt yourself.”  Rae finally said turning back towards the building.  “I don’t like math either, but Sean does.”
“Well, the building is beautiful.”  I tried to say something to change our conversation.
“Yes, and once you get past the reception building there are several other buildings that encircle a court yard filled with trees and flowers.  It really is pretty.”
“So do all sirens go there for schooling?”  I asked.
“No, only the selected ones.”  Her tone was flat, but had a tinge of resentment to it.  “Come on, we need to keep moving.” 

We followed a narrow road that was covered in crushed shells embedded in what looked like cement.  There were no carriages, bikes, buggies or anything motorized.  Everyone walked on large sidewalks that wove and wound through the multitude of sand buildings like ribbons.  I tried not to stare at everyone we walked by, but I found it difficult.  I was surrounded by nothing but sirens—my people.  If not dressed in the pale colored clothing, they looked like the humans I would pass on the streets of Chicago.  There were men and women, and even a few children.   All with different colors of hair, skin, and eyes.   I smiled as we passed them with an overwhelming sense of happiness.  I was walking among sirens, and I felt like skipping down the pathway like an idiot without a care in the world.  I was really here…my heart pounded in my chest…my feet became light…
“What are you doing?”  Rae suddenly stopped, grabbed my arm, and turned towards me.  
A group of teenage girls passed by giggling with hushed whispers among themselves. “What do you mean?”  I asked ignoring them trying to calm myself.
“It’s spewing out of you like a geyser.”  She then pulled me close.  “Look, I know you are happy to be here, and I would be too, but your letting it spill all over the place.”  Her eyes studied mine for a moment.
“Sorry, I’ll tone it down.”
“Stop it all together or you’ll draw attention to us.”  Rae studied my eyes for a moment.  She liked them, and wanted to stare into them longer than time would allow.
Wow, I had felt a sudden rush of her emotion that was spewing out as well.  I pushed it away.  I was new here, and I didn’t want to screw up any chances I had at making a life for myself in Atlantis. 
“So, where are we taking the shell to?” I asked ending the overflow of emotions.
“To the implements archives building, but first we are going to put a mark on you for your own good.”  Rae grabbed my wrist and pulled me down the sidewalk.
“Mark…what’s a mark?”  I asked with no reply.  “Rae?”
We turned several corners, and went down many paths, some narrower than others.  We passed a market area with people selling everything from clothing to produce.  Some areas were crowded, and others took on a darker feeling.
The tall, glistening buildings slowly downscaled to a tiny river of single level buildings.  Rae guided me down a winding walkway littered with broken pottery and other unidentifiable garbage that had been swept into piles.  The narrow path glowed in a soft golden light that made the area look more enchanting than it probably appeared later in the day. 
I felt a familiar sense that this place was the south-side, projects or slum of Murk Island.  Some of the buildings had scrolling marks above their doors, while others had nothing identifying them except for the hooded sirens looming by the darkened entrance.  I kept my sightseeing to a minimum as not to catch the attention of the wrong person.
Without a word, Rae darted into a building that had razor sharp geometric designs painted around the doorway.  I nearly tripped over my own feet at her sudden change in direction.
Inside was dark, and it took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust, but when they did, I knew where I was at.
“You want me to get a tattoo?”  I stood looking at the walls covered with sample drawings, and the man sitting in the corner getting a tattoo on his arm.
Rae turned to me.  “Not for vanity’s sake, but for your protection.”  She went over to the wall looking up and down at all the sample drawings.
“Wait,” I said stepping behind her.  “Protection from what?”
“From my brother.”  Her voice was even toned.  “Do you have any seer marks?”  She asked the cloaked figure giving the bald headed man his tattoo.
He stopped, and looked over his shoulder towards us.  I couldn’t see any of his face that was covered completely in blackness from his oversized hood.  I thought of the few horror movies I had watched where there were creatures just like this one.  I bet if he’d remove his hood there’d be just a skull for a head with red glowing eyes.  I wanted to run away, and started to take a step back when Rae grabbed my hand.  She glanced at me with warning eyes.
“He’s just a mark giver, and nothing more.”  She reassured me in her stern voice.
“Yes, I have a few seer marks,” he replied in a whisper.  “Over there,” he motioned with a tilt of his head towards the opposite wall.
Rae pulled me with her as she quickly scanned the scroll-like drawings.  
“Here,” she said pointing to a pinwheel looking mark that had arrow shaped ends.
“That’s ugly.  It looks like a wicked children’s toy gone wrong.”  Once again I got a scolding glance from Rae.
“It will keep you protected.”
“Why would Sean want to hurt me?”  I asked since Rea was being vague and I was growing tired of it.
Rae didn’t answer, but instead pulled the tattoo sample from the wall, and then turned to me.  “He doesn’t want to hurt you.  He wants to use you for something that could shatter our very existence here.”

Mae

Every time I woke up from my tiny cat naps, I asked if I was still pregnant.  Karinna would always smile and answer yes each time.  I couldn’t believe I was still pregnant, and achingly wanted Nolan by my side.  He would be overjoyed, but angry at me for coming here.  I hoped Maggie could explain things to him as to why I did this.

“Would you like to go for a walk today?”  Karinna asked standing beside the large window.  “It’s warm out and the waves are calm along the beach.”
“Do you think it’s alright?  I don’t want something to happen.”  I felt my body had turned into delicate glass, and even sitting up could be dangerous.
Karinna smiled.  “As long as you don’t run and jump into the ocean for a long swim.”
“I don’t think I will do that,” I said with a chuckle.
“You know, Mae, your siren abilities are strong here in Atlantis.  You have more strength than you realize, and I’ve got the perfect companion for you to go on a stroll with.”
It had to be Nolan—he was here already.
Karinna opened the door and in walked a woman dressed in a gauzy skirt and short sleeved shirt with greying dark hair pulled up loosely. She smiled at me warmly as Karinna exited like a silent breeze.  The woman shut the door behind her and gazed at me with eyes that I had seen before.
“Do you remember me, Mae?”  She asked sitting beside me.
“I-I don’t know…yes…maybe.”  My visions and dreams were filled with a woman who looked exactly like this, but could this be her?  “Your eyes…”  I whispered gazing into them.  They were the same as mine.
“You were a child when you left, and I wasn’t sure if you’d remember me.”  I closed my eyes listening to her voice.
“You’re my mother,” I said softly.
Her smile and her eyes confirmed what I said as she reached for my hand.  I squeezed her hand to make sure she was really standing in front of me as tears welled in my eyes.  
“You were in my dreams for so long.  I can’t believe it’s you.”
My body trembled as I leaned over and hugged her tight.  I could feel her joy as well as her sorrow.  Where words would have been said, quietly we felt each other’s feelings—good and bad.  I felt her sorrow and guilt for sending me away that slowly dissolved into true happiness.  Her time of waiting was over—she had her daughter again. I reassured her that I wasn’t mad at her for sending me away.  She didn’t have a choice, and risked sending me visions all those years. We embraced quietly making up for the many years apart.
“I was always with you, Mae.”  She looked into my eyes as if she was searching for something.  “Your dreams and visions were more than just that.  I was with you reliving the past.  I wanted to make sure you would retain the memories the librarianship would try to erase.  “I felt what you felt at times, and that made the visions even stronger between us.  I also know about Nolan, and the child that will be my granddaughter.”  She smiled deeply, bringing wrinkles to form around her eyes.
I shook my head.  “How do you know it’s going to be a girl?  Is that a siren ability?”
“No, sight sirens like you and me, can only have daughters.  That’s the way it has always been.”
“Sight siren—I don’t understand.”
My mom smiled as she stood up still holding onto my hand.  “Get dressed and let’s take a walk on the beach because there is much for you to know.”

The warm sand covered my feet as I looped my arm through my mom’s and her through mine.  We stood facing the endless shades of blues and greens of the sky meeting the ocean.  My mother went on to described the different types of sirens and what they meant.  Most were grand sirens or element sirens, but there were a few who were sight sirens.  That is what I was, and my abilities would never stop growing like other sirens.  We could have enough power to take over Atlantis if we wanted and given enough time.  Our abilities were boundless, and just as strong hundreds of miles away as they were inches away from someone. We were held in awe just the same way as feared.  We were thought of as abnormalities at the same time priceless works of art.  I knew I had power, and most of the time held it back, but now I had a definite direction and knew I was in the place I had always belonged.

My mother lived on the other side of the island, but was staying here until I had my baby.  The thought of having a child still was hard to comprehend, and I felt at any moment fate would take her away—again.

Night had fallen, and I stood on the balcony listening to the each wave come in.  It was a relaxing sound that was music to my ears.  It was slow and soft like a warm spring breeze that curls around you.  I had enjoyed spring mornings in Deadwood, and felt a pang of homesickness. Suddenly, I felt heat radiate behind me, and then the gentle touch of hands around my waist.  I would have jumped or screamed, but I didn’t because I could sense it was Nolan.
I turned to face him, and without a word, he kissed me.  
“Mae, you scared me,” he said holding my face in his hands making my eyes reach into his.
“I never meant to scare you.  I just had to do this.”  Our eyes searched one another’s.  “I couldn’t stay…you’d eventually be miserable.  That was my intentions on coming here, but now other things have happened.”  I stepped back and placed my hand over my stomach with a smile.
“It’s a girl—I know, I was told, and I met your mother.  Maggie informed me on everything.”  Nolan curled me in his arms.
We stood on the balcony gazing out at the Sanudra Ocean illuminated by the moon.  We had finally found our place where we could be happy and start the family we had dreamed about for so long.  Our lives were finally complete.

Sophie

“You got a tattoo?”  I asked in disbelief even as it stared back at me on Hannah’s shoulder.  “We haven’t even been here a week and you agreed to get this for protection from Sean who has been nothing but gracious to us?”  Sometimes instead of a mate, I felt I had adopted a child.
Hannah looked away.  “I didn’t want to, but what was I supposed to do?  Say no to them and then get deported back to the loving arms of the librarianship?”
She had a point.
“You should at least say something to Sean, and tell him the circumstances and above all, that it wasn’t your idea.”  I stressed that part.
“I can’t do that.  I can’t be a tattletale.”  Hannah shook her head and went onto the balcony.
I didn’t follow.  Hannah was right, she’d be a tattletale, but at the same time, Sean needed to know to stop this whatever was going on between him and Rae.  I didn’t want Hannah to be in the middle of their battle. 
Suddenly, the door to our room flew open and a wide-eyed Beannca came in.  “Guess what girls?”  Her face beamed with a smile. “We are going shopping!”
Honestly, this girl would stop the world to go shopping.
“Shopping?”  I questioned.  “Aren’t there more important things right now than going shopping?”  I asked as Hannah stood beside me.
“Shopping sounds good, and it would do you some good to loosen up.”  Hannah gave me a crooked smile, and nudged me on the shoulder.  
I let out a sigh, shook my head, and knew I’d be giving into whatever they wanted to do.  Ann had that trait too.  She could swindle me into many things like staying up late watching movies or having ice cream before dinner.  Innocent enough, but when you’re a siren working for a librarian watching their child, you follow their rules.
“Hey, nice tat,” Beannca said noticing Hannah’s tattoo.  “It looks like the sun.  Did you just get that?”
“Yeah, when I went with Rae to take the calling shell to the implement archives building.  It’s really amazing what they have here.”
“Maybe I’ll get one too.”  Beannca shrugged her shoulders.
I bit my tongue.  I desperately wanted to say that you just don’t go out and get a tattoo without knowing what it means.  Some marks in the enchanted community are very powerful, it isn’t like going and getting a cute butterfly on your bum!  I continued to bite my tongue, smiling instead.
“Maybe we could check out the clothing stores, and sample the local ware.”  No one else was going to get a tattoo, I was going to make sure of that.  “We could get Mae a gift.”
“Ooo!  Yeah, something for her baby.  Good idea, Sophie.”  Beannca looked like a race car idling that would take off with squealing wheels if someone would have yelled go.  “Come on, Rae is waiting downstairs.”
“Rae,” I said in a questioning tone as Hannah latched onto my hand.
I had seen Rae when we first arrived through the portal, but I didn’t know her at all.  I also couldn’t sense anything she was emitting as to her true intentions.  I’d have to do this the old fashion way of questioning and waiting for her to slip up.
Rae was dressed in brown pants and a white tunic style shirt with a silver bag hanging from her shoulder.  Her white hair and grey eyes sparkled in the sunlight as she greeted us with a warm smile.
“We haven’t been properly introduced.”  Rae looked at me.  “My name is Rae and I was on guard with Sean when you arrived through the portal.”
“I’m Sophie White,” I extended my hand in a shake.  
She looked at me with hesitation, and then reached for my hand.  “I’m sorry, we usually just bow in formal greetings.  I forgot the shaking of hands is a human way of greeting others.  It’s a pleasure to have you, all of you,” she looked at Hannah and Beannca, “here in Atlantis.”
Rae seemed genuine, but I still had my doubts about her.  I wanted desperately to ask her about Hannah’s tattoo, but I didn’t.  Now wasn’t the time.
“Sean is busy today, and asked me to take all of you on a tour of Murk Island.”  Rae opened the door for us.
The morning sun was warm and eased my stressed muscles as I dreaded going on a tour right now.  Though I wanted to see Murk Island, I wanted to know what they were going to do with us.
“Rae,” I said her name with a smile.  “Everyone has gone above and beyond welcoming us here, but one thing troubles me.”
“You want to know what is going to happen to you.”  Rae stood in front of me with the sun illuminating her white hair.  “I can tell you that is what Sean is doing now.  You see, we don’t get many sirens escaping here by portals or any other means.  Your case is special, and I can reassure you that you won’t go back to the librarianship.  We’ve evaluated each of you as to what type of siren you are.  Now, we need to find the right placement for each of you.”
“Placement where?  Doing what sort of duties?” I asked.
Rae’s lips curled into an amused smile.  “Sophie White, you worry too much about the details.  You need to loosen up and breathe every once in a while.”  Her eyes sparkled with what looked like years of mischievous behavior experience.
Agitation began to fill me.  It wasn’t Rea’s head on the chopping block, it was ours, and just before I demanded to know more or refuse to go, Hannah’s soothing hand slipped into mine.  
“Come on it will be fun, and Sean said for her to take us.”  She squeezed my hand turning my attention to her.  “What can happen with an innocent tour of Murk Island?”
Plenty can go wrong, I wanted to say, but instead, I held my tongue with a smile and hoped nothing did happen to jeopardize our chances.

Beannca

“I think I like the blue one better,” I said turning to Hannah.  “What do you think?”
She shrugged her shoulders as she looked at my reflection in the full length mirror.  “I like the lavender one better.  Especially since the fabric is really sheer.”  She pinched a section of the material between her fingers.  “And besides, the lavender one has tiny rhinestones in it,” she said with a raise of her eyebrows.
I smiled, glad Hannah was helping me as she and Sophie had picked out a few outfits to wear.  I took a long time to pick things out because I was so indecisive.  
“Are you about done, Beannca?”  Sophie asked with a large canvas bag hanging from her shoulder.
“We’re just about done.”  Hannah replied before I could say anything.  “It takes a while sometimes to find the perfect pieces to wear.”  
Sophie let out a tiresome sigh as Rea came up behind her.
“We are on no time schedule, and besides, it takes Sean sometimes a couple of days to find placement for just one siren and he’s got four to deal with.  So really, just enjoy Murk Island and all its amenities right now.”
I looked at myself in the mirror.  “Yeah, the lavender one I think would be a great choice.”  
Even though Rae said not to hurry, I didn’t want to spend the whole day at the clothing boutique.  Hannah and Sophie helped me finish up.  It was fun, and I didn’t want it to end.  It was like being with Bridget again.  
“What’s wrong?”  Hannah asked.  “Don’t tell me you’re having second thoughts on the black capris and silver shirt.”  She put her hands on her hips and looked as though she’d shove them in my bag regardless of my answer.
“No,” I half smiled.  “I like them.  You picked out really nice things, it’s just that…” I felt tears sting the back of my eyes.  “Bridget could pick out things for me just like you can.  You both have a really good sense of style.”
Hannah had a stunned expression that quickly turned to uncomfortable.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…”
Hannah waved me off.  “No, it’s a nice compliment, and I’m glad I helped.” 
Sophie had stepped outside the store with Rae, but came back in when we didn’t follow.  “Are you guys coming?”  She asked.
“Yes, mother, we are,” Hannah grabbed Sophie by the shoulders, turned her around and out the door.
I followed behind Sophie and Hannah as Rae led the way.  So far, Murk Island was like a vacation to me—one I knew couldn’t go on forever.  Everything from the beach to the village we were shopping in, what Rae called University Hill was something that you’d see in a magazine and wished that you could go there.  But most importantly, I was free of the librarianship as well as Aaron.  I slowed my pace realizing that I didn’t have rules and regulations hanging over my head, and Aaron couldn’t get me here.  I managed to do something that so many other sirens could only dream about, that is, if they even had a glimmer that Murk Island existed.  Really, the way sirens were treated wasn’t fair. 
“Keep up Beannca,” Hannah turned around and grabbed me by the hand.  
“Oh, sorry,” I now walked beside Hannah and Sophie on the other side of her with Rae guiding us through the busy midday traffic.
The sun was overhead, and shone down on the buildings that Rae said were made of sand and a clear emulsion that hardened very quickly.  The emulsion came from the ground stones from the bottom of the Sanudra Ocean that were clear as diamonds and the pulp of some of the palm trees.  When mixed, they made a sticky substance that hardened like cement.
“Beannca, if you are interested so much in the history of sirens and Murk Island, we can go to the Lygia Museum.”
“That actually sounds interesting.”  Sophie looked at me with raised eyebrows.
“I would love to go as long as everyone wants to go.”  I looked at Hannah.
She smiled.  “But first, let’s get something to eat.”
Rae said she knew the perfect spot that was a little off the beaten path, but was her favorite.
We left the bustle of shop lined streets paved with crushed shells and sandcastle-like buildings of University Hill to the windswept hills filled with sparse grass and tiny daisies that looked too delicate to be blooming in such a windy place.  
When I looked back, you could see the town we just came from, and it was just as spectacular here as it was walking like an ant among the sculpted buildings. 
A tiny path carved from just foot traffic, led down a steep hill to a ravine.  A rushing stream ribbon its way through tall trees with fern-like leaves that made a canopy over a flattened area.
Tables made from irregular shaped rocks sat on tall podiums with chairs constructed from intricately woven twigs surrounding them.  Lanterns hung from the trees illuminating their golden light that was lost to the beams of sunshine filtered through the limbs like spotlights.
“This is beautiful.  This is a restaurant?”  I asked in disbelief.  It looked more like something from a fairytale with its unique décor and the large tree that acted as the kitchen. 
“It’s called Siren’s Dell, and is usually packed on the weekends and holidays.  We’re in luck today since most sirens don’t have time to come up here.” 
“Welcome, my name is Myra,” said a girl with hair so red, it looked like it was on fire.  “Is this all in your party?”
“Yes… and could we have a seat by the stream?”  Rae asked with an approving nod from Myra.
She led us down the flight of rock stairs to the large patio covered with the same grey rocks that had moss growing between the irregular shaped joints.
“Today’s special is tuna imported from earth made into a salad and served with fried sweet potatoes.”  Myra announced trying to make it sound exotic.
Hannah, Sophie and I exchanged surprised glances.  Really…tuna from earth?
No menu was handed to us so we all looked at Rae.
“What do you suggest?”  Sophie asked looking at Rae.
“Wait, are you sirens new here?” Myra asked looking between Hannah, Sophie and me.
I wasn’t sure how to answer and by the looks on Hannah’s and Sophie’s faces, they didn’t either.
“Not me, just them.”  Rae motioned towards us.
“I thought so.  You two don’t have your marks yet, but you just recently got yours.”  She nodded towards Hannah.  “Well, anyhow welcome to Murk Island and the Siren’s Dell.  How about if I bring you some complimentary appetizers while you decide.” Myra nodded and left with a bounce in her step.
“Alright, you need to explain something to us.”  Sophie’s eyes turned dark as she glared at Rae.  “What are these marks, and why did Hannah get one?”
Rae leaned back in her chair as another couple was seated a table away.  Sunlight flickered through the trees and the stream trickled by us as Sophie, along with Hannah and I waited for Rae to reply.  
“You are protective of your lover, and I respect that, but I did it for her own protection.  Hannah is a strong siren.  I can see that, and her power without the mark, is noticed by all.  And what I mean by all is everyone with good intentions as well as bad.”
“Why didn’t Sean tell us about it?  Why did you take Hannah and secretly get it done?”  Sophie tried to contain her anger, but it was quickly noticed by the man and woman seated by us.
Rae casually took a sip of her water Myra brought us, and looked passively at Sophie.  “Because he planned on using Hannah’s as well as all your abilities to put in motion a plan he has been working on for the past two years.”
Sophie gave Hannah a look of dismay.
“It isn’t the end of your world.”  Rae said with amusement.  “Let me ask you this.”  She leaned closer towards us.  “Would you like to have a choice as to your future here on Murk Island or would you like to be at the mercy of someone else’s plans that you  know anything about?”
We all looked at Rae without a word.  “I don’t need any siren abilities to see, no, you wouldn’t want to be at the end of someone’s whim and command at all times.”  She leaned back in her seat with a troubled look on her face as she looked up at the trees with a sigh.  “I can tell you,” her eyes fell on all of us, “it isn’t fun, even if you are on one of the most beautiful islands in all Atlantis.”
“Here we go,” Myra, with her musical voice and child-like face said as she sat a platter of what looked like fried green beans.  “These are called fried fairy legs, and before you out-of-towners think they are actual fairy legs, they are really a batter made with several herbs and cheeses all fried into what our chef thought looked like fairy legs.  It’s one our specialties.  Enjoy.”  She left with a smile.
We all looked at the fried fairy legs and then back at Rae.
“These are really good if you dip them in the sauce.”  Rae took one and dipped it into the marinara sauce.
Sophie, of course, had more questions that we all wanted answered, but Rae said she would explain later where there weren’t so many ears.
I watched Myra as she waited on several people, and thought back to my employment at the Glass Guardian.  I really did miss the customers, planning parties and even going out buying supplies as glamourous as toilet paper.  Even though it wasn’t a prestigious job, I truly felt alive when I worked there.  But that life was all gone, and a blank canvas was my new direction now.  
“I hoped you enjoyed your meal,” Myra said as Rae paid her.  “Oh, thanks,” she said as she tucked her tip into her pocket.
Everyone grabbed their bags and headed towards the steps.  I lingered behind and caught Myra as she cleared another table.
“Can I ask you a quick question?”  I asked and she nodded.  “Do you hire here much?”
Myra smiled.  “In fact we need another waitress.  Here, let me get you an application.”
Hannah, Sophie and Rae stood at the top of the steps and shook their heads as to what I was doing.  I mouthed the words getting an application, but they didn’t understand me until Myra came back with a rolled up piece of parchment paper.
“Wow, this is fancy.”  I unrolled it surprised to see it was blank.  I looked at Myra with questioning eyes.
She smiled with a small laugh.  “I know, it doesn’t give you much direction, but what the owner likes to see is why you want to work here.  He doesn’t want your past work history or references that may or may not remember you.  The past doesn’t matter to him.  He wants to know why you want to work here.”
I rolled the paper back up, thanked Myra, and then took one last glance at the Siren’s Dell hoping I could work here one day.


Chapter Eleven

Hannah

“Isn’t she beautiful?”  Rae asked as we stood in front of the bigger-than-life portrait of a young girl with red hair seated by a stormy ocean.  She was wearing a blue satin dress and looked uncomfortable.  “This is Lygia.  She’s the first siren to claim Murk Island as the homeland for the race of sirens.”  Rae looked over her shoulder at us.
“She’s lovely,” Sophie said taking a step closer.
Though she was beautiful, she didn’t look like she had the power to claim an island as the land of sirens.  She looked like she should be just some rich lady somewhere instead of the proclaimed leader of the first siren race.  She should at least be holding a sword of some implement that made her appear threatening and powerful.  She looked like she was waiting for her tea. 
“They usually have guided tours, but that’s just on the weekends.  I’ll be your personal guide today.”  Rae smiled at all of us.

I’d compare the Lygia Museum to one on earth.  I mean, how many ways can you cut it?  Museums basically had old historical things displayed for viewing.  I hadn’t been to that many museums, and didn’t care for them.  Sophie, on the other hand, along with Beannca, looked like kids in a toy store that had candy as well.  
We looked at portraits, jewels, pottery, old calling shells, and other relics of the past.  History wasn’t interesting to me.  It was the past, and we should be more concerned about the future, especially our future.  I pacified Sophie will nods of agreeing on how interesting everything was.  It was interesting for a little while, but grew to be boring very quickly.
“I can see it on your face.”  Sophie whispered in my ear.
“What?”
“You are bored out of your mind.  I can’t sense it like I used to with that mark tattooed on your arm, but it’s written plainly on your face.”
I sighed.  “You’re right, I’m bored.  I mean this stuff is the past.”
“Futures are built on the past, and this is our history.” 
Sophie was right, this was our history, but I still found it boring.  From the broken pieces of pottery to the intricate jewelry, was the path to what the siren race is today.  I should be more interested in it, but I only looked that way to please Sophie and not insult Rae.

I found out Sophie liked to read all of the plaques telling about what each item was, and then either asked me what I thought about it or she’d say how interesting it was.  
“This is the last room.”  Rae announced, and I wanted to yell out with relief.  
“Through trials we will prevail.”  Beannca read aloud the inscription carved into the stone archway.  “What does that mean?”
Rae gazed up at it for a moment as we joined her.  “It means whatever happens to the race of sirens, we will always find a way to exist.”  Her eyes met each of ours before she went into the room.
There were no windows, only orillions to light the nearly vacant room.  A glass case sat in the middle of the circular room that contained a shell.  I know now it was no ordinary shell, but a calling shell. It was as clear as water, and glistened under the light that illuminated it.  It almost reminded me of a sparkling diamond.  
“That is the first calling shell,” Rae said behind me.  “It was created and used by Lygia herself, and made the first portal here. In fact, the old portal platform wasn’t far from the one you arrived on.” 
“So she made this shell into a calling shell?”  Rae nodded.  “But why did she use a shell in the first place?”
“Have you not been paying even the smallest amount of attention to everything we looked at?”  Sophie asked standing beside me.  
“Kind of…” Sophie crossed her arms, and I moaned.  “I tried, but it was boring.”  I looked over at Rae.  “Sorry.”
Rae smiled as she looked between Sophie and me.  “Museums are not for everyone, but I think this room might interest you.”  
Rae told us how sirens were the lesser race of Mers and in trying to gain independence, Lygia founded Murk Island.  She gained respect among the Alliance, and eventually through that respect, the Alliance recognized sirens as a separate race.  They had a seat at council where they had a voice in the government that ruled over them.  It was a major feat, and because sirens possessed the power to influence others, they played a major role in the development of Atlantis.
“For years the Mers held us under their thumbs.  They held our powers at bay, and with the playing field leveled,” Rae stood in front of Lygia’s portrait.  “Revenge for the Mers hung on the horizon.  But Lygia didn’t want revenge.  She wanted the future for sirens to be one of respect, not pettiness.  Others around her didn’t feel that way.” 
I gazed up at the painting of Lygia.  The more I stared, the more I could see the strength, compassion and desire she had for us.  “But that all changed one day,” I said my thoughts aloud.
Rae turned to me.  “Yes, it did.  And if we aren’t careful, we’ll be reliving that day.”
“There were lots of people leaving that day.”  I closed my eyes as I allowed flickers of images—memories—form in my head.  I longed to see them no matter how much it pained me to visualize my father’s face.  “Mers…they were coming.”
“They knew of the attack planned on them.”  Rae’s voice filled my ears.  “But that wasn’t all.  Other sirens had used persuasion to gain allies and turn against the Alliance.  Lygia was losing control…she had no army of her own.  She had just herself.”
“Humanitarian efforts,” I said the two words I remembered hearing after I was evacuated from my home.   “That’s what the librarianship called it.”  I could no longer hold back the tears that stung my eyes.  “I can still see my father’s face.”  I began to sob.
Sophie wrapped her arms around me.  I could feel her warm breath on top of my head, and I found comfort in it.  The emotions I had bottled up for so long, I felt were now pouring out like someone had slit them open with a quick slash of a dagger.  
“The librarianship saved you Hannah, from a certain death.  Not all children were saved.  I lost a sister, and was nearly killed as well.  But that’s in the past; it’s the future that needs us.”
Rae tucked her finger under my chin, and I met her steel-grey eyes surrounded by her white hair.  Even through the coolness of her appearance, I could see the warmth inside burn through.
“I leave this world with the mark of my children.  Those were Lygia’s last words before fading into blackness.”  Rae gently slid her fingers through a section of my hair, and then smiled.  “Sirens don’t normally have red hair.  Brown, blonde, and even white, yes, but red is unique.”  She grabbed my hands, lifted me to my feet, and pulled me beside her as we gazed up at the portrait of Lygia.  “Her mark was left in this world for her children to continue after her, and you, Hannah Black,” Rae’s eyes slid over to me as Sophie tightened her grip on my arm.  “You are a child of Lygia, and this world beckons for her presence once again.”

Mae

“I would love to have you come to my home in Port Mer, which is on the other side of the island.  That is, if you wish to come.”  My mother, Laura, as I now know her name, asked sitting across from Nolan and I.
I wanted to wrap my arms around her and yell yes over and over.  But I had my baby and Nolan to think about as well.  I looked over at Nolan as I placed my hand over my stomach.
“You don’t have to answer me right away.  It’s just an invitation, and I will be wherever you are.  We have so much to talk about.”  I smiled as I reached for her hand.
“For the first time in my life, I feel complete.”  I squeezed her hand.  “But I’m not sure where I want or should be.  I think things are still being decided, and right now I’m just concentrating on my pregnancy.”  
“I know it’s an important time, and this place…it’s sometimes…”
“University Hill is not only the capitol of Murk Island, but also a major school of Atlantis,” Karinna said standing in the doorway.  “Many people from all over come here to study, and to settle here takes some getting used to if you’re accustomed to a rural area.  I can understand your concern, Laura.”  She stood behind my mother gazing down at her with a smile.  My mother looked uncomfortable.  “I’m sorry, it probably seemed like I was eavesdropping, but I didn’t mean to.  I have the ability to hear voices from distances away, sometimes even through thick walls.  It can be a burden as well blessing at times.”
“So you were tuned into us?  Is that what you’re saying?”  I asked.
Karinna looked at me with her mismatched eyes that looked like uncut gems.  “I was headed up here anyhow, so no I wasn’t “tuned in” to your discussion, and would never use my ability to impose on your privacy.  To me, your conversation was like you were yelling at each other for all to hear.  Imagine standing outside the room where a loud conversation was taking place.  It would be impossible to not hear something.”  I nodded my head in understanding.  “That’s what it’s like for me, so please, forgive me if I made you feel like I was intruding on your privacy.”
Karinna was genuine.  Not only could I tell through her honesty, but I could see it inside of her.
“So is there any word on what was decided at council?”  Nolan asked.
“That’s what I came up her for.  Since Mae is expecting, and you Nolan have dismissed yourself from the guardianship and are the father to Mae’s child, you are both considered residents of Murk Island.”  
“But are they free from under the council?”  My mother asked.
Karinna nodded and then looked at me.  “Mae, you and Nolan can live where you wish on this island.  I will care for you through your pregnancy and can come where you are.”  She shifted her eyes over to my mother.  “And yes, this city can sometimes be difficult.”  She held my mother’s gaze for a moment before she turned to Nolan and me.  “As a well-traveled resident of Atlantis, I would choose a quiet area to be rather than a sometimes noisy one.”
“Sorry to interrupt, but Karinna, are you ready?”  Zach, the blonde haired boy that helped Karinna said standing in the doorway.
“Yes,” she said looking at him from over her shoulder.  “I have to return to Kangee for a couple of days, but I will be back.  When you decide where you want to stay, let Sean know and he will send message.”
I waved goodbye to Zach and Karinna as tears welled in my eyes.  I felt embarrassed for letting myself get so emotional, and tried to be discreet at wiping them away.
“Mae, are you alright?”  My mother asked kneeling next to me.    
“Yes,” I sobbed.  “I’m just so happy.” She tenderly tucked my hair behind my ear.
Nolan wrapped his arm around me as my mother chuckled holding my hands and told me she was happy too.  I felt a flood of emotions swirl inside of me turning me into a blubbering mess.  I was Mae White, the siren that could rule over storms, trick cops out of a speeding ticket, and control crowds of people.  What was I doing and how do I stop?  I couldn’t, but for right now, I was Mae White, the pregnant siren who was so happy she couldn’t stop crying.

“What should we do?”  I asked Nolan as we walked along the beach.  “Where do you want to live?”
The waves caressed our feet, and the afternoon sun was slowly sinking into the horizon. 
“I think right now we need to be somewhere quiet where we can concentrate on just us.  I think your mother is right, we should go to Port Mer.”
I stopped and turned to look at the ocean.  “Are you sure?”
“Why wouldn’t I?  It’s your mother’s home, why wouldn’t you want to go?”  Nolan asked as he bent down and picked up a shell.
He held the tiny shell between his fingers.  “You’re scared.”  His pale blue eyes reached into me.  
“You’re wrong—I’m terrified.”  I took the shell from his fingers and rolled it between mine.
“Of what?” he asked tenderly. 
I looked away for a moment.  “What if something bad happens? Like we can’t find a house at Port Mer, or they find a reason we can’t go there or…”  I felt that black emptiness fill me again as I reached for my belly.
Nolan smiled, and placed his hand over mine.  “This baby girl, our daughter, will be born in Port Mer and she will grow up knowing her grandmother and who she is.”
I looked into Nolan’s eyes.  Immediately, the stormy clouds that always seemed to linger around me parted.  His eyes were soft blue like a baby’s blanket, but strong enough to burn the shadow always looming over me.  He was my cellar to the tornado that followed me wherever I went.  But since I came to Murk Island, that tornado has weakened. 
I reached for Nolan’s hand, smiled up at him, and tugged on his arm.  “Come on, it’s low tide.  Let’s go see if we can find some more shells.” 

“You’re moving away,” Beannca said in a sad voice.
“Only on the other side of the island,” I tried to reassure her.  “You can come and visit anytime.”
We haven’t known each other for very long, but I felt a connection that we’d always share.  We had come here together, and ties had been knotted.
“When do you leave?”  Sophie asked.
“I’m not sure.  I suppose when arrangements have been made.  Karinna said Nolan and I are free to live where we want.”
“That is until your child is born.  Then it may be a different matter.”  Rae in all of her whiteness reminded me of the icicles that hung on the eaves of our farmhouse in the middle of January.  I shivered at her words.
“What do you mean by that?”  I asked.
“You’re a sight siren, and your baby will be a sight siren as well.  The Alliance likes to keep tabs on those kinds of sirens.  You will more likely end up on Kangee or Meropsis—both are headquarters for the Alliance.  That is, if your baby isn’t stillborn.”  Rae’s words were casual, but sent a shock wave through me.
“Don’t speak to my wife that way,” Nolan said standing in front of me as Beannca grabbed my hand and told me everything will be fine.
“You shouldn’t presume things, much less speak them so willingly in front of Mae and Nolan,” Sophie stepped forward and stood beside Nolan.  “Or is one of your qualities of being siren rudeness?”  
Rae glanced between them with a smug look on her face.  She shook her head with a chuckle.  “Why sugar coat things for her?”  Her eyes darted to me.  “It’s hard for sirens to get pregnant, much less a sight siren.”  She pressed her lips together and looked away.
Rae was like looking through frosted glass—what you thought you saw correctly isn’t anything close to what was real.
“I’m not trying to sound mean. I’m trying to be realistic.  Trust me,” Rae said looking between Nolan and me.  “I had hopes and dreams too, and when they shattered, so did I.”  Her eyes cast in shadow.  “I wish someone would’ve brought me down from my cloud so the fall wouldn’t have been so hard.”  Rae stepped towards the door.  “Sorry.”  She mumbled before leaving.
We sat in silence as Sophie quietly talked to Hannah.  She acted like she wanted to go and talk to Rae, but Hannah stopped her along with Beannca.  They talked among themselves as Nolan wrapped his arms around me and I thought of Rae’s words.
Rae reminded me of the roots of the Wintergreen Vine.  It was a delicate plant that looked easy enough to weed out, but had roots like tiny iron threads that clung to the earth and to life.  I could sense only flashes of what she was emitting, and even then, I think she was allowing me to pick up on them. 
“Rae’s right,” I said staring emptily at the fireplace.  
“She isn’t right, so don’t think that way.”  Nolan turned me around, and pinched my chin between his fingers so I met his eyes.  “You can’t let her negative words get to you.  Just because she had something bad happen to her doesn’t mean something bad will happen to us.  We have to stay positive.”
“You don’t understand.  She wasn’t trying to hurt us; she was trying to help us.”  I grabbed his hand and laced my fingers through his.  “She had been hurt and didn’t want to see us hurt as well.  Rae wasn’t trying to ruin things or put negative thoughts in our heads. It’s just her way of trying to prepare us for what might happen.”  Nolan had a questionable look on his face.  I let out a sigh—he didn’t understand that I could feel her emotions and understood things differently.
“Is this a siren thing?”  He finally asked.
I smiled, nodded my head, and gave him a kiss on the forehead.  “Yes, and no matter what happens, I will always love you.”

Sophie

I had gotten a tattoo.  I was so adamant about not getting one, and what did I do?  I practically jumped in the chair and told the cloaked artist that I couldn’t live another second without my mark, so start slinging the ink!  
“It’s beautiful, and it’s you.”  Hannah, the reason I got the mark, looked at it with me.
“I’m a nanny for goodness sakes.”  I flipped my sleeve over the spiral shaped tattoo that looked like two snakes intertwined together.  “Now who’s going to want to hire a nanny with a tattoo? It’s even right on my shoulder—tell me, who?”
Hannah’s lips curled into a smile.  “Well, I did see this bikerish looking bar when we went to go get our marks.  Maybe one of the sirens in there is in need of a nanny and you might even compare your tats with theirs.”  
Hannah found humor in my moment of stupidity, but I couldn’t help but to laugh with her.  “It may have been the wrong thing to do, but it really does feel right.”  I glanced over at Hannah.
A knock came to our bedroom door.  It was Rae.  I hadn’t seen her since she made her comments on Mae’s pregnancy in front of all of us.
Hannah and I looked at her as she gazed back at us.  I still had doubts about this siren, but something kept pulling me towards her.  I had already fallen for her idea to get a tattoo, and I did it without hearing all of the details.  I was normally never this way.  I had better commonsense at one time, but something, call it instinct had taken over.
“Come with me to the garden.  I have something to share with you as promised.”  Rae turned and left Hannah and I looking at each other.
Without a word, Hannah bolted for the door and her heavy footsteps could be heard tromping down the stairs like children to a Christmas tree.  I followed behind, cursing under my breath.  Yes, we were going to get this game we had going settled once and for all.

The wispy grey clouds floated overhead like retreating ships from a battle.  The usual blue waters of the Sanudra Ocean had turned steel grey.  Everything had been cast over in an unexpected coolness that filled me with a foreboding feeling.  
I lagged behind Hannah, who had sneakers on, while I had on my nanny-shoes that were flats with slick bottoms.  I was glad not many other sirens were out on this blustery day as they would see three other sirens chasing after one another.  If a possible employer would have witnessed me running after Hannah, I’d never be hired.  But why did that bother me?  I wasn’t a nanny anymore.
I stopped running.
The wind caught my hair as I turned and looked back at the buildings from where we came.  They stood like carved giants made of sand surrounded by palm trees and colorful flowers that even on a day like today, didn’t lose their luster. 
My feet ached.
I looked down at my scuffed shoes.  At one time, that would have been disastrous.  Now scratched shoes, messy hair, and running like a crazed lunatic made the worries that once bother me, seem unimportant.
Hannah had run down the grassy hill and stopped.  She motioned erratically for me to come.
I looked one more time at my shoes, and then took them off.  No sense in trying to salvage my non-existent resume. 
The broad blades of grass poked at my tender feet.  But instead of stopping, I continued to run finding comfort in the rough texture of the grass.  The hill was steep and my gait was nearly out of control.  My legs were like wet noodles and my arms flailed over my head.  My voice was caught somewhere between a laugh and a scream.  Hannah just watched with crossed arms.
I caught my breath between laughing when I reached the bottom.
That…was…fun!”  I exclaimed.  “I’ve never done anything like that before.  No wonder Ann liked to do it.”
“You mean to tell me you never ran down a hill before?”  Hannah asked with a raise of her left eyebrow.
“Nannies do not run down hills or anything else.  We exit in a mannerly way.”  I tried to contain my laugh, but it burst out of me like a released balloon.  “But…” I calmed myself, and looked at Hannah.  “I’m not a nanny anymore, and never will be again.”
Hannah laced her fingers in mine.  “You’re a siren, and a resident of Murk Island—you can be anything you want.”
The sound of Rae clearing her voice brought me back to my senses.  “You won’t be anything if you don’t listen to what I have to say.”
“Right, sorry.  And Rae,” I said with an apologetic smile.  “I’m sorry I burst out earlier with Mae and…”  Rae motioned with her hand for me to stop.
“I’m not offended.  You were just protecting Mae, and it was a little blunt.  I should have said it a little differently.”  Rae smiled warmly.  “We don’t have much time here.”
Rae went up a flight of stone steps embedded in the ground.  They were nearly covered with grass and looked like they had been there for a long time.  When we reached the top of the hill, stood stone pillars in a perfect circle.  There were seven of them, and each one was a different size.  The stones were weathered, and some had crumbled to the ground nearly being taken over by the vigorously growing grass.  This was an ancient place that had been abandoned.  I looked at Rae.  Did she have something up her sleeve?
“I don’t have anything up my sleeve.”  Rae’s words caught me off guard.  “I brought you here to tell you about a small piece of Murk Island history, Sophie.”  Her lips curled into a clever smile.  “That is what you were thinking, wasn’t it?”
“Yes, but how—” 
“We are standing in a vortex circle.  It was used by sight sirens a long time ago.  Though this one is the last one standing, and barely at that.  And to answer your question,” She looked at me with the grey sky and churning ocean framing her.  “I have the ability to pick up on your thoughts even stronger here.  Think of this place as a telescope or magnifying glass.”
“But what is it supposed to do?”  Hannah asked.
“As you know sight sirens can transmit their enchantments for long distances, and this gives them a boost.  Though it’s in shambles now, it was a magnificent achievement of the siren race.  The Alliance owns this small patch of ground to make sure it never is rebuilt.  But they also underestimate the desire and will of the sirens.”
I looked at the crumbling stones and then back at Rae.  What did she want us to get involved in?  We were new to Atlantis and all its ways, I didn’t want to break any rules with the Alliance and jeopardize our residency here. 
I tugged on Hannah’s hand.  “We should leave.”
“We aren’t doing anything wrong by being here.  It’s what being built in secret that will.”  Rae placed her hand on top of mine that was holding Hannah’s.
I should at least listen to her and don’t be too hasty.  Rae, I could see clearly was trying to help us.  She slowly removed her hand with a smile.
“I need your help to stop Sean from building a prism.”  Rae gazed at us with her eyes that matched the grey sky surrounding us.
I felt my thoughts were numb as I solely focused on Rae.  I should be asking questions, but like a zombie, I nodded my head obediently. 

Beannca

“Even on a cloudy day it’s still beautiful,” I said walking beside Sean.  The brilliant colors had transformed into much duller ones that had a tranquil quality to them.   
“Glad you still like it on such a dismal day.”  He smiled.
I stopped and let the cool water brush past my feet.  “The colors, even though they are muted, are pretty in their own way.”
Sean looked down at me with his soft green eyes, and half smiled.  “It’s true,” he said unexpectedly.  “And now, I know it is.”  
“What’s true?”  I asked as a gust of wind grabbed my hair.
“Element sirens never find fault in their surroundings.  They only find the beauty in them.”  Sean tucked my hair behind my ear as his fingers lingered on my cheek.
I liked his gentle touch.  It wasn’t like Aaron’s.  Sean had something that went deeper in a sincere almost troubled way.  He liked me and I liked him.  We had an instant connection, but I also thought I had a connection with Aaron.
I opened my eyes and all I could see was Sean’s green eyes.  His lips were so close; they tickled the delicate skin on my cheek.  He was going to kiss me on the cheek, but I wanted something more. I turned and pressed my lips to his as the rushing sound of the waves mixed with the squawking of the demanding seagulls.  The blue-grey landscape engulfed around us as I ran my hand over Sean’s arms.  He was not only strong physically he was strong inwardly as well.  I could sense it like I was reading the instruction manual on him.
“Stop,” he said suddenly and pushed me away.  “This is too soon not only for me, but you as well.”
“What do mean too soon?”  I asked feeling confused as well as frustrated.
“You just came out of a relationship—one that you were very passionate about.”  Sean stood in front of me as I suddenly felt like an open book to him.  How could he be so accurate? “He was handsome and in a powerful position to a world you wanted to belong to.”
I shook my head.  “How—how do you know this?”
Sean shifted his weight and ran his fingers through his hair as if he had just gotten caught saying too much.  “I have to make a confession. I’m not only a grand siren, but a partial element siren.  Since I am both, I could sense your relationship with this man because it had recently been severed and still bothers you.  It isn’t me searching for your secrets, so I hope you don’t feel that way.  Let me put it to you like this,” Sean said wrapping his arm over my shoulder.  “If you were this passionate about,” he looked around and then spotted a half destroyed sandcastle, “building sandcastles, I would be able to pick up on it.”
I nodded my head still feeling embarrassed and slightly violated.  I didn’t like him knowing about Aaron.  I was trying to bury him, not tote him around like an old duffle bag.   
“Beannca,” he said my name with a sudden desperation.  
I looked into his green eyes that reminded me of the plush moss that grew in one of Bridget’s flower pots that sprouted tiny white flowers from time to time.  She hated it while I found it amazingly beautiful.  
“What about you?”  I asked in a slow voice as my curiosity turned to him.  “You said it’s too soon for you because…” I didn’t have intentions, but it was like Sean was open for me as much as I was for him.  
I held onto his forearms as I closed my eyes.  I didn’t see flashes or visions—it was simply emotions.  
“The desire was greater than the risk and…she agreed so willingly.  You knew she loved you and you played on that.”
Manipulation.  I stepped away from Sean sensing it as he reeked too much like Aaron.
Waves began to crash on the beach as if they were trying to destroy it.  Sean watched them, and then looked at me.
“You are mirroring your own emotion on me.  You’re entangling what you had with your lover with mine.”  His eyebrows burrowed with a sudden realization.  “But how can you do that?”  He asked more to himself.
Sean stepped back and gazed at me as if he was evaluating me. He then slipped off the shawl I had wrapped around my shoulders, and wadded it up in his hands as he stared at my right shoulder.
He stepped back, gazed coldly at my tattoo, and shifted his eyes to mine.  “When did you get this?”
“The other day,” I said timidly.  “Rae said everyone had them, and they’d protect us so our emotion couldn’t be sensed by other sirens.”  Sean’s warm exterior faded making me shiver.  “I-I thought it was what everyone did here…I didn’t mean…”
Sean let out a deep breath, calmed his anger, and gently wrapped the shawl around my shoulders.  “No, I know you didn’t, and you did it because it was suggested…with a little persuasion I’m sure was used.”  Sean turned and looked at the distant cliffs as if he was searching for something.  “I’m sure she wouldn’t mind explaining herself to me.”
“Sean, what’s going on?  Do you mean Rae used persuasion on us to get tattoos?”  I felt manipulated and stupid for being so gleefully willing to get a tattoo.  I ran my fingers across the arrow shaped leaf mark on my shoulder.
“It isn’t a tattoo, it’s a mark.” He grabbed my hand and squeezed it.  “Let’s go and get to the bottom of this.”
We walked quickly back towards the mansion we were staying at and took a path that led to the top of the cliff.  Salty mists filled the air as the hues of blue-greys that colored everything, shifted to darker shades of grey.  The sky swirled with churning clouds, and lights from University Hill illuminated the fog-filled sky.  Everything was covered in moisture as if the ocean was trying to take over the land one droplet of water at a time.  The coarse grass was thick and pricked the bottoms of my bare feet.  Sean didn’t seem bothered by anything as he charged up the hill.
“What do you think you’re doing, Rae?”  Sean demanded as we finally reached the top of the hill overlooking the blackened ocean.
Even in the dimming light, I could see the surprised expression on her face.
She quickly composed herself.  “Stopping you from not only destroying yourself, but taking innocent sirens with you, and it’s about time I did.”  Rae’s voice was strong as she stood looking like a living ghost in all of her whiteness.  “I took them to get marks so you wouldn’t manipulate them into giving you their power.”
“We have worked a long time on this, and you know it’s our only way.”  
“Rae told us everything, Sean,” Hannah said stepping forward.  “The prism isn’t the way to go.”
“Two years,” Sean said pacing back and forth ignoring Hannah.  “Don’t you see—it was fate that brought these lost sirens to us.  It was meant to be this way.  Atlantis was built by sirens, and we should forever have power.  It was what Lygia designed it to be, and we have the ability right before us.”
“We can’t take it over by force.  Don’t think the Alliance won’t retaliate, have defenses that the prism couldn’t penetrate, and then we’d have a losing battle on our hands.   If we failed, we’d lose everything.”
I looked over at Hannah and Sophie.  They had their eyes on Rae and Sean.  I was only hearing bits and pieces trying to make sense of what was going on.  
“You already lost too much of yourself, and you want to risk more.”  Rae grabbed Sean by the shoulders and peered into his eyes.  “Just stop.”  She pleaded.
I stepped beside Rae and Sean, they didn’t notice me.  “Sean, what’s going on?  What’s this all about?”
No one said a word.  The only sound was the crashing waves below us.  
“Sean,” I prompted again.
He drew in a breath and looked at me with hollow-looking eyes.  It was as if all the life had been drained from him.
“Rea’s right, my dream, my way of bringing sirens back to Atlantis has been nothing but a disaster.”  He shook his head, forced a smile towards me, and left.
“Sean,” I called after him, and was going to follow when Rae grabbed my arm.
“Let him go.” Rae whispered in my ear.
I turned facing her.  “Tell me what this is all about.”  I demanded.
Rae nodded her head and told us everything about how Sean was constructing a prism that would amplify his siren persuasion and eventually sway the Alliance to give up power.  There would be no war or battle or arguments.  They’d never see it coming until it was too late.  Sean wanted the race of sirens to return to their glory, not continue to be a resort for the wealthy or prestigious Alliance members. 
“This is called a vortex circle, and was once used to magnify our abilities.  The Alliance deemed it dangerous and put it out of use.  Without the prism, it is just a circle of stones.”  Rae said as I looked up at the crumbling pillars.
I imagined it being a beautiful place, almost like a sculpture.  “And Sean needed our power to finish the prism.”  Rae nodded her head.  
“It’s about the size of a pea fight now, but it needs to be at least the size of an orange to work.  And even then, it may have not worked.  The art of prism making is a dead craft.  Sean became fascinated with it, and after several frustrating attempts, he decided to quit. And then you four show up.”  Rae glanced at all of us.  “I had to do something to protect you and Sean from himself.  That’s why I took you to get marks.”
“But why didn’t he use another siren here on Atlantis?”  Hannah asked.  “Surly he would have found someone that shared his ideas.”
Rae’s face paled.  “He did.”  Her eyes were fixed on Hannah.  “Ila died giving herself to the prism.  It wasn’t supposed to happen that way.  Sean wasn’t sure it would even work, but she insisted and paid the price.”
Ila, she was the reason why Sean was holding himself back.  It was still too new and raw to move on.  As it was with Aaron, we both needed a buffer time to gather our hurt feelings allowing time to soothe them.
“Sean needs you, Beannca.”  Rae stood inches from me with her grey eyes peering into mine.  “Ila was dark and strung Sean around wherever she went.  He didn’t see that, but I did.  The prism was really her idea—she merely planted the seed in his head.  Sean has a good heart, and so do you, Beannca.” She smiled and turned to face the blackened ocean.  “But Sean was right about one thing; sirens are going to make their presence here again with your help.”  She glanced back at us over her shoulder as the wind curled around us.
I stood next to Hannah and Sophie as we looked towards the darkness of night.  The lights from University Hill glowed strongly behind us even though they were encased in a thickening fog.  We didn’t speak or move, but stood like we were weathered statues that sat along with the ruins of the vortex circle.
Even though I didn’t move, thoughts ran wildly through my head.  Atlantis was nothing like I expected, and really, I didn’t know what it would be like.  All I knew was that I was running away from a bad relationship and punishment from a crime I didn’t commit. I expected paradise and the premise that goes along with it.  Atlantis wasn’t paradise, unless made that way.


Chapter Twelve

Hannah

Sean and I shared blood, and that meant we were family as far as I was concerned.  In following the protocol of what it meant to be family, I had looked all over the mansion to find him.  I knew how important his prism was to him, and to have spent all that time to create it at the cost of someone he cared about—I thought the thing to do was try to talk to him.  So far, all I’ve ran into are the staff members.  I asked several if they had seen him or Rae, but no one knew anything.  With each sunlit hallway I went down, I grew increasingly frustrated.  For Pete’s sake, I couldn’t even find Sophie!  For all I knew she was out on the street soliciting anyone in need of a nanny.  That girl didn’t know when to stop.
It was nearly noon, and suddenly abandoned by everyone, I decided to wander the streets of University Hill.  The mansion we were staying in was comparable to six or seven city blocks away from the city.  The city with its tall sandcastle buildings, sprouted out of the ground as if had grown that way.  There wasn’t a slow merging of rural to city areas.  You were either in University Hill or you were outside University Hill.
With not a cloud in sight, I walked in the bright sunlight towards the welcoming, glistening city.  
Unlike a lot of large cities on earth, this one was clean.  If I would have dropped my hamburger on the street, I wouldn’t be afraid to pick it up and finish eating it—it was that sanitary looking.  And it was kept that way from everyone cleaning up after themselves.  I didn’t see one litterbug.  They had pride in their city, in their surroundings and as a whole society.
I sat beside a large fountain with a sculpture of two dolphins leaping in mid-air.  Tiny droplets of water plashed behind me as I sat on a bench that encircled the fountain.  The three to four story buildings were by no means tall skyscrapers that I was used to, but were they lacked in height, they gained in architecture.  Stained glass, arched doors made of faceted glass and the building material used for the very bones of the buildings—sand.  I marveled at everything from how pleasant and nicely dressed every siren was to the structures that surrounded me.  I felt I had entered a perfect mystical world with no problems or wants, but I knew that was far from the truth as the Alliance had control over sirens.  
This bothered Sean, though I didn’t and I did understand.   Why rock the boat when all seems to be going well?  Because it confined us as a race to have no say or rights within the Alliance.  This is what Sean wanted, but he was going to be sneaky about it and use siren power to take over.
It was both a good and bad idea that I wish I could come up with a solution.  Suddenly, laughter broke through my deep-thinking.  A group of girls dressed in black tights and wearing long tunic-like shirts with their hair pulled up on top of the head, went into the building behind me.
I watched the door open, and before it closed I could see an enormous aquarium with colorful fish swimming through mazes of bright coral.  Then the door shut behind them.  I gazed at the building wondering what it was as there was no signage, but only squiggly markings above the door.  Maybe it was an aquarium.  Now that would have been better to go see than the museum. 
I casually walked up to the door as if I had business to go inside.  No one took notice as I entered through the frosted glass door.
The aquarium was amazing as it nearly reached the ceiling.  It was like someone had sliced a section of the ocean and plopped it down on the floor.  Large fish of all sizes darted through the water, as larger fish resembling sharks, lazily swam through the arches of coral.
“Can I help you before you have to go back?”  A girl with dark skin and big green eyes asked sitting behind a large wood counter.
“Uh, help me?”  I asked feeling I should excuse myself and leave.
She rolled her eyes and sighed.  “Do you need a book or what?”
This girl was the first rude person I have run into since I came here.  I smiled slightly feeling a little homesick.
“Look, I don’t have all day for you to decide if you need a reference book or not.”
“I’m sorry,” I said.  “I’m not from around here, and just kind of wandered in.  Sorry to disturb you.”  I felt it best I leave since I think I was in a library, not an aquarium.
It was then I noticed all the shelves of books behind her and everyone sitting around with a book pressed to their faces.
“Wait,” the girl said as I headed towards the door.
She was a petite girl with a delicate frame.  I looked down at her as she studied me with her large eyes.  Her dark brown hair and skin only made her eyes stand out even more.
“You said you’re not from here, so where are you from?”  She looked serious making me feel like I’d committed a crime.
“I-I am from…a far, far away place.”  I smiled.  “Sorry, I have to go.”
“Wait,” she said stepping in front of me and attracting the attention of some of the library’s patrons.  “There are lots of places far, far away.  But you are not local, and you just got a mark.”
Can all sirens sense a new mark?
 The girl’s lips curled into a sly smile.  “You’re one of the sirens from earth, aren’t you?”  She crossed her arms proudly.
I stood with gaping mouth.  I should have never come in here.
“I have to go, goodbye.”  I turned, but she caught me by the arm.  Her grip was amazingly strong.
“I’m not going to bite.”  I looked into her green eyes.  “You are more than just a siren.  You’re one of our kind of sirens.”
“You’re kind?”  Her remark captured my attention.  “What do you mean?”
Someone stood at the counter impatiently ringing the call bell.  “I’m ready to check these books out.”  A young man with brown hair said.
She motioned for him to wait as he rolled his eyes and pounded on the bell again.
“I said just a minute!”  She turned towards him as he continued to ring the bell.
“I need to get back to class now.”  He protested.
Suddenly a rumbling came from the aquarium.  I stepped back and looked to see all the fish had disappeared.  The commotion had caught everyone’s attention.  I could have easily slipped out unnoticed, but I wanted know more about what this girl knew.
From behind a large section of coral, an enormous shark peered at the impatient boy who now trembled as he held onto his books tightly.  The girl stood in front of the aquarium with the nasty looking shark at her shoulder.
“If Pete didn’t have to live in water, he’d come and kick your ass for being rude.  You know he’s got relatives that still swim in the Sanudra Ocean.”  She stamped his books and gave them back to him with a smile.  “Due back in two weeks, got that book boy?”  He nodded his head and left.
Slowly everything went back to normal.  Pete retreated to the coral, and the fish came out from their hiding spots as the patrons returned to their books or study groups.  
“My name is Kathy, by the way, but you can call me Kat,” she said shoving some books off the counter to a cart behind her.  “I’m going on break, walk with me.”
I followed her not only out of curiosity, but also out of fear of Pete the extremely large shark.
“Let’s go sit by the fountain because I don’t have much time.” 
We sat on the bench and Kat pulled a small container from her bag.  I expected a sandwich or fruit, but instead it was filled with tiny fish—still flipping and barely alive.  I cringed as she ate one then another.  
“You’re one of the sirens that came here through the old portal, aren’t you?”  Kat asked between bites of half-dead fish.  “They said it would keep them alive for up to five hours—so much for gimmicks,” She said looking at the container her fish were in.  “Oh well, just another two miras down the drain.”  My stomach churned.
Kat looked at me.  “Are you alright?”  She asked sucking in a fish like spaghetti.
“Fine,” I lied trying to keep from puking.  
“So, you are one of the sirens from earth?”  She asked again.
I cleared my throat and smiled at her.  
“There are exactly one-thousand-four-hundred and fifty-nine sirens on Murk Island, and we can usually sense one another by our marks.  Yours is new.  I can practically smell the ink because it hasn’t soaked in yet.”  Kat put the lid back on her container.  Good, she was done eating the smelly fish.  And then she belched—nice.
“I can also see something more in you.  Our kind of sirens can, while the average siren can’t.”  She smiled and quickly brushed her hand across my forearm.
It slightly tingled as I jerked it away and stood up.  “What the hell are you doing?”
Kat leaned back and gazed up at me.  “Look at it.”  She motioned towards my arm.
I held my arm out and sparkling back at me were small patches of silver scales.  I gasped and rolled my sleeve back over it.  “What did you do?”  I demanded.
“The one trait that stands out for a mer siren is their eyes,” she said casually.  “That’s the first thing I noticed about you—your eyes are as green as one of the many colors of the Sanudra Ocean.” Kat stood up as the bell chimed overhead.  “I have to go back to the library.  If you want to know more, meet me at the Siren’s Dell at seven.  You’ve been there before, so you know how to get there.”  She smiled with a small laugh.  “Like I said, it’s a small island—not much happens here, and when it does, everybody finds out.”
She slung her pouch over her shoulder and flashed a smile at me as she headed back to the frosted doors of the library.
“My name is Hannah,” I said to her.  I knew better than to give out my name, but I felt it was safe.
“Nice to have met you, Hannah,” Kat turned with a tilt of her head.  “Seven at the Siren’s Dell—don’t be late.”  

Should I tell Sophie or not?  I should, but then she’d stop me and tell me it wouldn’t be wise.  Kat had tempted me with a past I never knew I had.  Silver scales, like a fish, appeared on my arm with a wave of Kat’s hand.  Maybe it was a trick, glamour or maybe she had used persuasion on me.
I couldn’t ignore it.  I felt something whether it was a trick or real, I had to know.  

I snuck out of the mansion after diner.  The full moon lit everything in silver light, and the breeze was calm compared to the other night.  It’s amazing how quickly the weather changes around here.  The winding path that led to the Siren’s Dell was outlined by small lanterns along the path.  I passed several sirens either coming or going from the restaurant that glowed in the distance.  I wrapped the shawl I had around my shoulders a little tighter as butterflies swarmed in my stomach.  
What was I doing?  I stopped just at the crest of the hill.  Siren’s Dell was a bustle of activity.  Music played while waiters and waitresses zoomed in and around tables.  There was a lot of laughing, talking, and some singing at some of the tables.  I gazed at all of the activity as the steady flow of sirens went by me like ants to a picnic.
I couldn’t stop now, and what could happen in such a public place?  It wasn’t like we were meeting in some dark alley.  
“Welcome back,” Myra, our waitress last time said in a cheery voice.  “Kat is over here waiting for you.”
I followed Myra to a table situated by the creek that cut through the rolling hills.  It was a little quieter here than on the balcony.  Orillions of various sizes and lengths hung in trees overhead that illuminated everything in soft light.  The few tables that were here, were occupied as Myra and I looped around them until we reached one tucked behind a potted plant.  
“Here you go, and Kat took the liberty of ordering for you,” Myra said with a smile and like a flash, she was gone.
Kat was dressed in an aqua colored dress that scooped low at the neckline, and complimented her dark skin.  Her hair was pulled up with a few strands hanging around her rounded cheeks.  She smiled and motioned towards the chair across from her as she put out what looked like a cigarette.
“Please, Hannah, sit down.”
“You smoke here?”  I asked before my brain engaged.
Her green eyes lifted to me as she crushed the cigarette out in the ash tray that sat on the table.
“They are imported from earth, and yes, we occasionally smoke here.  Though the Alliance doesn’t like it and puts a pretty hefty tax on them.  I get mine on the black market about half price.”  Kat folded her hands and smiled.  “But I didn’t invite you here to talk about cigarettes.”
No, she didn’t, and I was glad when Myra came back with our drinks.
“This is my favorite drink here.  It’s called a blue moon.”  She took a sip as I looked at mine.
It was served in a tall, frosted, blue glass.  “Is it glowing?”  I asked as I examined it.
“Yes, it glows because it has the extract of moonflowers in it.”  She replied as she lit another cigarette.  “But I didn’t invite you here to talk about the local drinks either.”  She seemed to be getting agitated.
“You are a rare siren, Hannah.  Not only are you a descendant of Lygia, but a mer siren as well.”
“How do you know I’m a descendant of Lygia?”  I asked taking a sip of my drink.  It was sweet, and it didn’t taste of alcohol at all.
“Your hair,” she pointed at my red hair, “and being an accomplished mer siren, I could sense it.”
I took another sip of my drink followed by another.  My body began to relax as I listened to Kat talk about how mer sirens were the children of the mer race, and caught somewhere between a full siren and a mer.  We were children of the ocean, but not even considered a race in Atlantis.  Mer sirens couldn’t go to college, only hold certain jobs and could only go enter certain buildings in University Hill.  We were limited in an already limited society.
Even though I was still full from the diner I ate at the mansion, I sampled the pasta dish that Myra served me.  Everything as it was before was good, including the several blue moons I had consumed.
“So, do you want to know what it’s like to be a mer siren?”
“What it’s like?”  I repeated in my slightly slurred voice.
Kat giggled as she slipped off the chair, and grabbed her small purse.  “Come on, let me show you.”

We left Siren’s Dell with the moon overhead.  Kat led me to a small beach where a few other sirens were gathered around a small fire.  It was a secluded area, and I would have been nervous if it wasn’t for the alcohol numbing my senses.
“Hannah, this is Alec, Nina, Heath, and Mora.”  Both Heath and Alec were dark skinned like Kat, while Nina was as pale as me, and Mora almost looked oriental with her dark hair as smooth as silk and angled eyes.  They were all beautiful, like they should have been in some famous painting somewhere.
“Nice to meet you all,” I said with a smile as they began to laugh.  Had I said something wrong?
“No, you didn’t say anything wrong,” Mora said as she wrapped her slinky arm around me.  “You are from earth; it must be so exciting there.”
I shrugged my shoulders.  “On earth you have the guardianship always breathing down your neck.  Otherwise, yeah, it would be a lot nicer.”
“So how do you like it here so far?”  Nina asked pulling her brown hair into a ponytail. 
“I like it, and…I don’t know…something feels so right about it.”  What I said sounded lame, but no one laughed at me, they just nodded their heads.
“We’re losing moonlight,” Alec with his nearly shaven head said as he gazed up at the bright moon.
“Let’s go,” Kat said running towards the crashing waves.
They laughed and frolicked in the water until I couldn’t see them anymore.  I stood at the edge waiting for them to surface from the dark water that sparkled with moonlight.
Heath came up from behind me and smiled.  His aqua colored eyes swirled with colors as if I was staring into a small part of the ocean.
“Where did they go?  Are they alright?”  I asked as his smile deepened.  “They might have drowned.”
Heath with his long dreadlocks and amazingly colored eyes looked exotic as he gently grabbed my arm.  Silver scales glistened back at me on both of my arms.
“Stay close to me and you’ll be fine.”  Heath’s voice was reassuring and without a word, I let him guide me into the ocean.
We went deeper and deeper until I felt the urge to go under the surface.  With a deep breath, I plunged into the water.  I held onto Heath’s hand for reassurance as we swam farther and farther out.
What was I doing?  I was terrified of deep water, and here I was in it with a complete stranger.
You are with no stranger, and the water is just like the element of air to our kind. 
I stopped and realized my feet were no longer on the sandy bottom, but hanging in the depthless water.
Heath was in front of me smiling and holding on to both of my hands.
Come on, let’s go a little deeper.  The reef is beautiful this time of the month.
We dove deeper and I never felt the need for air, in fact, I had completely forgotten all about it.
Alec, Nina and Mora were at the bottom between the arching coral reef collecting shells.  Kat was nowhere in sight as Heath guided me through the maze of coral.  It was beautiful as he promised.  The moonlight filtered through the clear water like sunlight. The colors were like no other, and fish darted around like children on a playground.  Large stingrays glided past us like prehistoric birds, and a few dolphins swam by heading out to deeper waters.
I could easily forget about everything here and just stay, but as the moon lost its glow, I felt the desire to go back to shore.
“Did you have fun?”  Mora asked with a handful of shells.
I nodded my head as I still felt speechless.
“She had an amazing time, I can see it practically glowing all around her,” Nina said wrapping up what looked like sand dollars.  “I will make a fortune with these.”  She held one of the disks up.
“You should come again next month.”  Heath smiled down at me as he put on his shirt.
“I will, and next time I’ll bring a swimsuit.” I looked down at my soggy dress that clung to me.  
The indigo sky had hues of orange cresting over the horizon—dawn.  How was I going to get back into the mansion unnoticed?  

Mae


I could already see the changes in my body.  My stomach was swelling with promise of a daughter to be born.  I didn’t feel like I was made of glass anymore, and felt stronger than I ever had.  I was going to have this baby, and with each passing day, my fears were slowly being washed away.  
Nolan and I were going to live in Port Mer with my mother.  I couldn’t wait to start a new life.  Things were coming full circle, and I finally felt I was on the right path.
“At least you don’t have much to pack,” Nolan said with a smile as I made the bed in our borrowed bedroom here at the mansion.
“Oh, that isn’t it.”  I pointed at the canvas bag sitting on the floor.  Nolan looked at it and then at me.
“What else could you possibly have?”  He asked leaning against the doorframe with crossed arms.  “We haven’t been here for long, and I’m sure you didn’t take anything when you came here.”
“Beannca, Sophie and Hannah went shopping, remember.  And they bought a few baby things for me.  It’s over there.”  I pulled out two larger canvas bags.
Nolan smiled and wrapped his arms around my waist.  His body pressed into mine, only this time my baby bump came between us.
“Soon we won’t be able to even kiss.  I’m going to be soooo big.”  I held my hands in front of my stomach gauging how rounded I was going to be and inflated my cheeks.
Nolan laughed.
“Hey, it isn’t funny,” I play-punched him on the shoulder.
“No, it isn’t funny, it’s perfect.”
I smiled, and felt that it finally was.  We were standing on the doorstep of perfect. 
“And I’ve got good news for you.”  Nolan walked over to the window and looked out towards University Hill.  “See that building over there?”  He asked and I came over.
“Yeah, what about it?”
Nolan looked down at me with a smile and then back at it.  “I’m going to work for the magic implements department there.”
“But we were going to live in Port Mer with my mom until we found a nice house there overlooking the ocean with lots of flowers.”  I had the whole thing planned in my head.
Nolan smiled and turned towards me.  “They have an extension office in Port Mer, and are in need of a foreign implements specialist—that’s me,” he said proudly pointing to himself.  “They don’t have many guardians come here, and said it would help in identifying some of the relics they already have.” 
“I knew all those magic implements books you had your nose in would come in handy one day,” I said wrapping my arms around Nolan’s neck.
“You said they were stupid and a waste of time.  The only implement that mattered at the time was a hoe or rake because the garden needed weeding or…”
A pang of homesickness washed over me.
“Mae,” Nolan said with concern.  “Why are you crying?’
“I miss our little house.”  Tears welled in my eyes.
Nolan hugged me.  “Home is right here, with you.  The structure doesn’t matter; it’s who you’re with that does.”
Nolan was right, this was our home now.  And it was perfect.

“You’ll love it in Port Mer,” my mother said as we walked through the garden.
I acknowledged her with a nod.  There were so many thoughts and questions running through my head since I came here, I didn’t know where to begin.
I invited her on a quiet walk so we could talk.
“That day, as a child leaving Atlantis,” I started.  “I remember really only going through the portal and seeing you.”
We stopped and sat on a bench nestled between rose bushes.
“That was the worst day of my life, but I knew you’d be safe with the librarianship.  They were the only ones who aided us.”  She smiled sadly.  “I tried several years to send you as many messages I could.  Even though I knew the chances of reuniting were slim, I kept sending them in hopes one day you’d get them.”
“I got a lot of visions of you and me walking on the beach, and one I remember we found a calling shell.”
She reached for my hand.  “You are a gifted sight siren Mae.  That shell was just an ordinary shell on the beach until you touched it, and made it into a calling shell.”
I gazed at her and tried to comprehend what she was telling me.  “I made it into a calling shell?  How?”
She shrugged her shoulders.  “It’s your gift that I kept secret.  I can’t make calling shells, and never could.  But you have something in you that can change many things.”
I looked away as more questions flooded my thoughts.  I felt overwhelmed by my entire past coming at me all at once.  I wanted to know everything this very minute, but couldn’t get anything out of my sputtering words to try to form questions.  My mother smiled and tucked my hair behind my ear.  I closed my eyes as a distant memory flashed behind my closed lids.  She used to do that when I was nervous and it would always send calming waves through me.
“Let’s go take a walk on the beach and I will tell you your story.”
With the waves gently coming in, my mother told me how she met my father when she was traveling as an aide for an overseer for negotiations during a tribal dispute.  He was an aide for another overseer, and soon they found themselves traveling together.  
“We had plans of marriage, after we had you. There were so many things going on with our jobs that we knew wouldn’t work with having a family.  We had bought a house in Port Mer, and your father put in his resignation, but at the last minute he was sent to the Alfheim-Mer conference when everything fell apart for sirens.  Sirens are supposed to be neutral and just keep the minds of the opposing parties open to each other.  We were to be the solution to end all wars, but instead, we sold out to the highest bidder.  That day we lost our status and respect of the Alliance.  Even though the thought of misuse of our abilities would never cross most sirens’ minds, it only took one to crush us all.  Although your father wasn’t part of the conspiracy, he paid the price. Fen, your father, was a good man, and he loved you very much.”
We stood gazing out at the ocean.  I was looking at it but yet I wasn’t.  I tried hard to summon any memory of him, but couldn’t. 
“I wish I could remember what he looked like, what his voice sounded like, or really anything about him.  Until now I didn’t even know his name—Fen.”  I repeated his name just so I could say it out loud. 
“You have his hair color and chin,” my mother said as if she had decided that a long time ago.  “You are your father’s daughter.”
I smiled.
“He’s buried in Port Mer.  I had his body secretly brought here as most were burned.  When we get there, I’ll take you to his grave if you want to.”
I nodded my head as I looked down at my bare feet slowly sinking in the sand that washed over them.  “I’d like that.” 

I learned a lot from my mother, and I was glad she was so eager to have me in her life again.  It was as if she had prepared for this day and knew it would come.  I, on the other hand, felt overwhelmed.  I had to take things slow, but steady.
It was late in the evening and neither Nolan or I could sleep.  I had said my goodbyes to Hannah, Beannca and Sophie at dinner.  We have traveled a long way together, and they would forever be woven as a part of my life.
“What are you doing out here?”  Nolan asked as I looked up at the dark sky dotted with stars.
“Thinking,” I replied holding the shell I had picked up on the beach earlier when I went on my walk with my mother.  It was my memento.  
Suddenly a knock came to the door.  Nolan went to answer it.
“I’m sorry to bother you, but they said you were leaving in the morning and I just wanted to wish you and Mae the best of luck.”
“Maggie?”  I questioned her unmistakable voice as I went into the bedroom.
I greeted her with a hug.  
“When did you get here?”
“Earlier this afternoon—portal officers are the worst to get by.  I stated I was on official guardian business, but I really came to see how you guys were doing and…try to get back the calling shell.  You know, for my collection.”  She whispered.  The calling shell was promised to her for her collection of magical implements. I had forgotten about that.  
“I’m sorry, they took that somewhere.  I wish I could tell you…”  I looked down at the shell in my hand and smiled.  “Wait, here it is.”
I ran my hand over it and immediately it turned clear as glass.  I held it in front of Maggie.
“You’re a sight siren,” she said taking the shell and cradling it in her palm.  “This—this is amazing.”  Maggie’s eyes widened.
“It’s a gift from Nolan and me.  If it wasn’t for you, none of us would have made it here.”
She smiled and gently put the shell inside her pouch.  “Going to have to hide that really good to get it home.  This will be one of my most prized items in my collection and a rare one at that.  You’d better keep your ability secret or you’ll have the Alliance watching your every move.”  I replied with a nod of my head.
“And I hear and see you’re expecting.  That’s wonderful, and I know you have an excellent midwife.  Karinna is one of the best.”
I glanced up at Nolan.  “Actually, we would like you to be there at the birth.  That is, if you want to.”
“I’d be honored.  Besides, you couldn’t keep me away if you tried.”
A knock came to the door and Nolan opened it.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Rae said standing like a ghost in the darkened hallway.
“Oh, my ride must be here and I can’t miss my portal.”  Maggie gave me one of her squeeze-until-you-can’t-breathe hugs that always made me feel like she was my true friend.
“You can contact me anytime just like in Deadwood.  Remember, I’m only a portal distance away.”  She gave Nolan the same hug.  
Maggie left, and I probably wouldn’t see her until I was a mother.  I ran my hand over my stomach.  Nolan stood in front of me and kissed my forehead.  I could hear the soothing sound of the waves brushing the sandy shore outside.  I still found it hard to grasp the idea that I was really here with Nolan, and we were going to get to be parents.
“Wrap your arms around me,” I said taking Nolan’s arms and placing them around my waist.
“You’re not—”
“Shhh…just hold me, Nolan.”
I closed my eyes and just listened to the sound of Nolan’s heart, the waves, and the ticking of the clock on the mantle above the fireplace.  I couldn’t have been in a better place as I was right now.

Sophie

“It was amazing,” Hannah’s eyes sparkled back at me.  “I mean look, the scales are still on my arms, and…” she looked down at them like a newly engaged girl would stare at her diamond ring.  “I’ve never felt so right about something.”
“You hardly know who these sirens are, and you went into the ocean with them?”  I paced back and forth.  “What if something terrible would have happened?”  Did she even think about how I’d feel if something did happen to her?
“Sophie, you don’t understand what I felt…the connection to the ocean.  I was underwater for at least two hours without coming up for air.  And besides, I can take care of myself.  I have all my life.”  She crossed her arms and cocked her head to the side.  “But, I know you care about me, and I about you, and I’d never do anything stupid that would make you worry.”
Her neon eyes softened as she ran her fingers over my forearm.  I took in a deep breath.  Hannah had already explained to me that a mer siren is half siren and half mer and can swim in the ocean like a fish.  “So, are you seeing them again?”
“Yes, and I’d like for you to meet them.”
“I can’t swim,” I said.  “So what fun will I be?”
Hannah stood in front of me and tilted my chin upward so I’d meet her ocean-colored eyes.  “Stop acting like a brat.  Just because I’ve met other sirens doesn’t mean I don’t like you.”  She read right through me—I let out another sigh.
“It’s just…I mean look at me.  I’ve been nothing but a nanny my whole life, always followed the rules and was so prim and proper…uhg! It makes me sick!”
“Then don’t be prim and proper.”  Hannah wrapped her arms around my waist.  “Come with me and meet them.  They will like you.”
We stood there for a moment swaying back and forth.  “So,” I said thinking more about mer sirens.  “If you have scales, have this connection to the ocean, and can go without air for extended periods of time, isn’t that like mermaids?” 
I turned around and faced Hannah.  She tapped her finger to her chin.  “I didn’t think to ask that, but mermaids, at least human depictions, have tails.”
“When I go to see them, I’ll ask them that,” I said with a smile.
“Ask who what?”  Sean asked coming into the kitchen.
My mind went blank for an excuse.
“I’ve met some mer sirens, and look.”  Hannah held up her arms as the delicate scales sparkled in the light.  “I’m one of them.”
Nothing like being blunt.
“Mer siren?”  Sean questioned with disbelief.
“It was amazing…the ocean and everything about it was just –amazing.”  Hannah looked like she could explode.
Sean grabbed Hannah’s arms and examined them. 
“I think I have a plan B to your prism.”  Sean’s face paled.  Does Hanna’s bluntness know no bounds?  “We have the ability of persuasion, but the Alliance sees it as a bad thing, but what if we show them that it can be used for good.”
“They will never consider it.”  Sean started to put away the few groceries he had.
“Yeah, but we could at least present it to them.  Sirens have so much to offer, and it was just one bad apple in the basket that ruined it for everyone.”
“Hannah, you don’t understand the Alliance.”  His words were stern.
“I experienced something…”
“You’ve experienced nothing that would matter to the Alliance.”  Sean slammed the pantry door shut.  “I have business to take care of in University Hill, excuse me.”  Sean left as Hannah sat on the bar stool like a scolded dog.
I leaned on the counter across from her.  “I like your viewpoint.”  I tried to encourage her.
“I like it as well, and Sean can be stubborn at times.  Sometimes I’m not sure whose worse, the Alliance or him.”  Rae had suddenly said behind me.
Startled, I turned around. 
“I didn’t even hear you come in,” I said as Rae smirked at me.
“A little trick I learned from an entity,” she replied.  “I think Hannah has enough power in her to persuade the Alliance to at least consider the use of sirens in their negotiations.”  Her grey eyes glinted at Hannah.
“You think so?”  Hannah asked.  She was being drawn in, and I had to put the brakes on before it went too far.
“How do you know this?”  I asked breaking Rae’s trance on Hannah.
Her eyes slid over to me.  “She is a strong grand siren, and if we approach the Alliance in a respectful, helpful and professional way, we may have a chance.  It won’t be easy and it will take a lot of meetings, but persistence will pay off.”
Hannah glanced at me and reached for my hand.  “Don’t look so worried.”
“I’m just concerned, and we’ve only gotten here.  I don’t want them to think we are trying to overtake their world, or intruding on the laws.”
“Actually,” Rae leaned closer to us.  “You being sirens from earth are different from sirens here.  You were raised by the librarianship, and taught different things.  This is something that will stand out with the Alliance.”
I looked back at Hannah with uncertainty.  She squeezed my hand as Rae placed her hand on top of ours. 
“I can arrange a meeting with the Phoenix clan of the Alliance.  There was a member I was close to, but unfortunately she passed away.  I still have influence with them though as someone they trust in.  I tried to get Sean to listen to me, but he didn’t want to take my approach saying it would never work.”  I felt Rae’s hand warm mine.  “Trust is something that should never be broken, and our ability is something that carries great responsibility.”
“We have a duty to uphold,” I said feeling a sense of new responsibility.  “We should approach the Alliance.”
Rae smiled. “We will have to go to them, I will arrange for travel as soon as I can.”
“What about Sean?”  Hannah asked.  “Should we tell him?”  She questioned.
Rae drew in a deep breath.  “After we get back if all goes well.”

Beannca

I had dropped off my application at the Siren’s Dell yesterday, and today I received a message they wanted me for an interview—this afternoon.  The owner had made an unexpected visit, and was here for only a short time.  Sean said the wheels of the Alliance move slowly at times, and for four non-threatening sirens, we were on the bottom of their list for finding a permanent place here in Atlantis.  The mansion we were staying in belonged to Sean as a hospitality house for important guests or elite Alliance members on vacation.  It was a beautiful place to live and started to feel like home to me.
The blue sky was dolloped with puffy clouds as if they had been strategically placed by an artist.  The breeze was cool, but a little too strong, and was beginning to mess up my hair.  
The path that led to the Siren’s Dell was empty as I walked along enjoying the view and trying to calm the butterflies in my stomach.  I stood on top of the hill overlooking it, and drew in a deep breath.  I wanted this job, and the way of applying was like no other. There were no references, no past history work experience, and no other questions, except I had to state why I wanted to work here.  I had filled the front and back side of the paper.  I hope I didn’t go overboard.
“He’s waiting for you by the stream.”  Myra greeted me with a smile.
“I hope I did alright on my application,” I said as she patted me on the shoulder.
“You’ll do fine.  He’s really not all business, and easy to talk to.”  She motioned for me to join him as she turned and left with a whispered good luck.
He had his back to me, and was dressed in a long, silky, black jacket and large brimmed hat made of the same material.  His hand reached for the drink in front of him and he took a sip.  I stood and watched, unsure of myself.
“Beannca White, aren’t you going to join me, or do I have to invite you over?” asked a very familiar voice.
Cautiously, I stepped forward.  “Jack?” I said in a low voice as he turned around and smiled.
“Yes dear, it’s me, and I haven’t got all day.”
“Jack!” I ran over to him and gave him a big hug.
“It’s good to see you too,” he replied.
“You’re the owner of the Siren’s Dell?”  I asked in disbelief.
“Does that surprise you?”  He motioned for me to sit down across from him.  “I built this restaurant from the ground up.  It has been successful for many years, and I plan on it being successful for many more, that is, I have to have the right employees working here to keep it that way.”  He opened up a notebook from his satchel that hung on the back of the chair. “Now, shall we begin?”
“But don’t you want to know what has happened to us since we got here?  And I would like to know how things are going with you.”  I gazed into his ancient, but still childish eyes.
“You are a sincere girl, aren’t you?”  He asked with a smile.  “Not that I don’t want to visit—I have other engagements that require my attention.  And if you want to have a job here, then let’s get started.”
Jack pretty much knew about my employment, but wanted to know more about my responsibilities at the Glass Guardian.  I told him I did some of the ordering, searched for different suppliers if needed, and did a little of the record keeping.  Even though it was Jack, I tried to stay just to my work experience even though inside I wanted to know what was happening on earth, and especially in Chicago.
“I didn’t have a doubt in my mind that you wouldn’t be perfect for the job, but I just wanted to know how much you did at the Glass Guardian.”
Feeling our interview had come to an end, I was going to ask Jack what or if anything was happening in Chicago when he took my word covered application, and tore it in half.
I let out a gasp.  “What are you doing?”  He then took the paper and with a flick of his fingers, it went up in a puff of flames and smoke.  “If you didn’t want me to work here all you had to do was say, and not be so dramatic about it.”
“Beannca, no one can know you work here.  Things aren’t good with the guardianship in Chicago.  Aaron is searching for you as we speak.  I came here secretly, and therefore, can’t stay too long.  You have employment here as long as you like, but I’d keep my profile low until I can come up with a solution to end all of this stupid questioning and investigating by the guardianship.”  Jack stood up and straightened his jacket.
“Does Aaron have any idea that I’m here?”
“No, and I intend to keep it that way,” he said pulling out what looked like a cell phone.  “The reception is amazing here since I installed that crystal keeper—and they said it wouldn’t work,” he smirked with a chuckle.  “Well, with a little wizardry work and tada…you have the best reception in Atlantis.”  He flipped his phone shut.
I nervously rolled my hands together as I looked around at Siren’s Dell.  I should be happy, but with Jack’s grim warning, I felt a dark cloud hovered over me.
“My dear,” he took my hands with a smile.  “You have nothing to worry about.  If I can make good communicator reception in this back-forty-area of Atlantis, I can deter an arrogant guardian.”  
There was always something about Jack that seemed so true and sincere in his words.  I felt it run through me.  He would do all he could, and I trusted him as I looked around at Siren’s Dell.  I couldn’t wait to not only start here, but my new life.


Chapter Thirteen

Hannah

A lot can happen in four months.  Everything can go south on you, or everything can go pretty good.  I’ve gotten used to things going pretty good.  With Rae’s help and Sophie’s support, we’ve finally got a spot in the Alliance’s yearly Atlantian Conference that’s open to all races of Atlantis.  We will get to speak on behalf of all sirens—mer and non-mer.  I’ve given two speeches at University Hill to referral groups that elected me as their spokesperson at the conference.  Sean had agreed to help, and was glad he didn’t take over Atlantis by force.  Sirens were the race to end needless battles, not start one of their own.
“Are you ready?”  Sophie asked as she straightened my collar of my long silk jacket.
“I look like a window curtain in this.”  I gazed down at the flowing material.
“It’s called a debate coat, and was worn a long time ago when sirens would moderate negotiations.”  Sean smiled down at me with Beannca by his side.
“You’ll do well,” Beannca said as she gave me a quick hug.
“Come on, you’re next,” Rae said motioning for me to come on stage.
She was dressed in the same jacket, and together we would dress a window very well with our flowing ensemble.   
Rae acted as my assistant as it would have been at an actual debate.  The point of my speech was to give sirens a place in the Alliance to serve them.  With basically baby-steps, sirens would gain respect and trust of the Alliance as they once had.  I talked about myself, and my life in Chicago.  I tried to be personal and truthful as possible with the promise of loyalty to the Alliance.
When I was done the stone-faced panel of eight shuffled their papers and gazed at one another.  I lowered my shoulders as Rae, who stood behind me reached for my hand and gave it a squeeze.
The panel then talked among themselves, and then turned back to us.
“It is good to hear your views, and we will consider your inclusion to the Alliance.  But first, a series of tests with strict overseeing will determine any consideration.”  Said a man with greying brown hair dressed in a black suit.  “Thank you for coming.”
With that simple speech, and a rare “thank you for coming” as Rae told me later the Alliance never thanks anyone for coming, and speaking from my heart, the siren race had a chance of reclaiming their place in Atlantis.

“I still can’t believe that we did it,” I said walking beside Sophie as the waves brushed against our feet.  “All I wanted was to escape here, and not get shoved into one of those stupid books the librarians have waiting for us.  I never dreamed I’d help make a difference to sirens.”  I still had fragments of my speech, and the look on the Alliances’ faces running through my head. 
“We may go down in the history books.”  Sophie chuckled as she bent down to pick up a shell.  “And to think, it was something as innocent as a shell that brought us here.”
I gazed at the shell with her.
“Do you miss home?”  I asked referring more to Ann— the kid she took care of.
Sophie drew in a deep breath.  “I do, but I’ve got to move on here with you by my side.”  She smiled.  “For a moment, I was part of Ann’s life and she was of mine, but that time has passed.  We were important to each other and in our memories, we always will.”
I smiled at Sophie as she threw the shell into the Sanudra Ocean, and it landed with a small splash in the rolling waves.

Mae

I found out sirens gestation time is much shorter than humans.  My belly was round, and it seemed like my daughter never stopped moving.  Nolan and I would just sit and talk to her, or place our hands on my stomach in hopes to feel a tiny hand or foot press onto our hands.  
We lived with my mother in her house that was nestled in the rocky cliffs of Port Mer.  She lived in the original part of town where the streets twisted and turned around the brightly colored homes laden with window boxes filled with the sun-loving flowers.  It was a small community where everyone knew everyone, and I found it easy to fit into the way of life here.
Nolan worked at the extension office of foreign implements for University Hill.  He said they had so many items that were taken off the black market, and still needed to be categorized and labeled.  At first he worked a lot of hours, but as my pregnancy was nearing an end, he cut back on his hours as we waited for our daughter to arrive.
“I found a house in the country that would be perfect,” I said as Nolan and I walked the shell paved streets of Port Mer’s market area.
“How far in the country is it?”  Nolan asked as he helped me select some potatoes for dinner tonight.
I shrugged my shoulders.  “It’s on top the hill, and there are a few other homes around it.  There’d be enough room for a garden and for our daughter to play.”  I smiled at Nolan.  “It’s perfect for us.”
“But then I’d have farther to walk to work, and we’d have more to maintain.”  Nolan paid the vender.  “I kind of like the conveniences of living in town.  I found a nice apartment just two blocks away from your mother and there’s a park between it and the ocean.  It has a magnificent view.”
I lowered my head as my heart had been set on the home in the country.  Nolan lifted my chin to meet his gentle eyes.  “How about this: I look at your dream home and you look at my dream apartment.  Deal?”
“Sounds fair, but I think you will forget all about the apartment when you get a look at the house.”  I teased him with a wink.
He wrapped his arm around me.  “Once you see the view, you’ll forget all about that house—I’m telling you…the ocean is just steps away…”
We laughed together as we walked down the street to my mother’s home.

I didn’t sleep much as I was always uncomfortable.  I often went outside at night, and stood on my mother’s porch and gazed at the moonflowers.  They were a magnificent plant that bloomed bell-shaped, white, and very fragrant blossoms that displayed their beauty only at night.  
Everything was so peaceful here, like time had forgotten about this place.  The ocean was always the constant background noise that was like music to me.  It had a way of soothing my nerves as my pregnancy had nearly come to an end.
Karinna had unexpected business to tend to, so that left Zach to visit me weekly.

“So how are you today?”  Zach would always ask.
“Ready to have my baby.” He laughed, but I was serious.
“The normal term of pregnancy for a siren is five months, but it can go as long as six,” Zach said as he gathered his tape measure that he measured my belly with each visit.  “Since it’s the storm season and you’re really due anytime, I’ve decided to have you and Nolan come to Meropsis.  It’s the best place, in my opinion, to have your baby.”
My pregnancy was almost over.  Though my body wanted to have my baby, I felt that blanket of darkness cover me again.  I wanted to stay in this state where it was safe.

Early storms delayed our travel to Meropsis.  I watched the calm, blue, gentle waters turn to an ugly shade of grey.  I wished siren persuasion could work on the ocean as it had done that day when a tornado nearly destroyed Deadwood.  Nothing could stop the storms from coming—no matter how powerful you were.
Just like every pregnant woman, I had cravings for certain foods at certain times, and this time I craved the sugar cakes at the local bakery.  
Between the rain showers was when everyone came out of their homes to either go shopping or finish whatever they were doing outside.  My mother and I walked two blocks away to the market area.  Several people asked how I was doing, and wished me luck.  They were sincere people here that had bound themselves together in a tightly woven community.  I could see it in their faces, and the way they talked to one another.  I was glad to be here, and fortunate to be able to raise my daughter here among good people.
Suddenly, a sharp pang ran through my stomach to my back. It was enough to make me stop and cradle my swollen belly.
“Mae?”  My mother said as she dropped her basket and wrapped her arm around me.
I looked at her as another sharp pain ran through me and something warm ran down my leg.
“You’re in labor,” my mom said noticing the pool of clear liquid I feared to be blood pooled at my feet.
I couldn’t speak as I whimpered in not only pain, but fear.
I felt my surroundings were slipping away as I focused on my mother’s smiling face.  She told me it was going to be alright.  
“I need to get her home.  Ned, can I use your wagon?”  She asked some passerby that she knew.
Not only did he let us use his wagon, he helped me back to my mother’s house.  I was glad Zach was there, but Nolan was nowhere in sight.
“Nolan!”  I finally yelled as my mother’s and Zach’s words turned to just noises.  “Nolan!”  I yelled again as Zach took me into the bedroom.
“Where’s Nolan?”  I asked trying to focus to hear an answer.
“He will be here soon…went to University Hill for an emergency.  I’ve already called for him to come back,” Zach said in a forced comforting voice.
The pain was constant, and sweat poured down my back as the light and voices around me began to fade.  It was like a fog had surrounded me, and like the storm in Deadwood, it had a message.
Where words would had been, feelings and emotions took their place.  It wanted me to follow…it wanted me to join it…it was here to give me a choice.
“You cannot survive and your child cannot survive…a choice must be made,” the voice, calm and gentle, said.
“No,” I replied trying to push it away, but it was no use.
“Give the power to your child, and come with me.”  It commanded.  “Both cannot survive…”
I knew what I had to do.  I had to let go to save…
“One more push, Mae,” Zach said looking at me with his rounded eyes.
With all my might I pushed Nolan’s and my baby into this world, and along with her, my power.
“Come with me now,” the voice encouraged.
“No, I want to see my daughter’s face,” I barely whispered as my mother asked what I said.  She didn’t understand, but the voice did.
I clung to life and tried to focus on the tiny baby Zach held in his hands.
“It’s…it’s a…boy.”  A combined look of fear with surprise filled Zach’s eyes.
I had a son, not a daughter.  I smiled, and reached for him as the voice pulled on me to follow.
Blackness engulfed all around me.  I felt no pain or fear as I followed the voice to a light that was so bright and comforting.  I knew it would be alright and so would my son.  

Sophie

I couldn’t stop crying.  Mae was gone, and it seemed Murk Island had greyed slightly since she had died.  We went to her funeral, tried to console Nolan and her mother.  Nolan was like a zombie, and blamed himself for not being there.  I felt his grief and blame that he had put on himself.  I thought of trying to do a persuasion to relieve him of something he didn’t have control over, but that would just be a mask.  
We all held Mae’s son, Laik.  Mae’s mother, Laura, named him after Mae’s father.  He was a tiny baby that I found comforting to hold.  I missed being a nanny, and I knew the chances of becoming one again were slim.

Most of the people had left Laura’s tiny house as it began to rain outside.  I walked from the kitchen to the living room trying to put a slightly fussy Laik to sleep.  Nolan sat in a chair staring blankly into the fireplace as Zach talked quietly to Laura.  I stood there for a moment watching them.  They looked serious in their conversation, and then Zach’s blue eyes lifted to me.
I walked over to them just as Laik’s eyes closed, and he let out a comforting sigh.  I couldn’t help to smile as he finally gave into sleep.
“Laik can’t stay here, Sophie.”  Laura looked at me with her red and swollen eyes.  
“What?  Why not?”  I asked still rocking the sleeping baby.
“A sight siren rarely is able to give birth to a live baby, and it usually is a girl—never a boy.”  Zach’s words were grim.  “We have to protect this child…from the Alliance.  He will be a very powerful siren when he grows up, and we can’t leave him unprotected.”  Zach gazed at me as I understood what he was saying.
Laik was never supposed to be a boy, and with his unique birth, so came an area not known to them.  He would be powerful, but he needed guidance and a secure upbringing.
“Look, this is sudden, but a decision must be made.”  Zach stood in front of me and spoke in a low voice.  “Sophie, come with me to Kangee and help raise this child.  You are the best choice having been a nanny your entire life.”
My mouth opened, but no words came out.  A part of me wanted desperately to go, while another wanted to stay with Hannah.  I looked over my shoulder at Hannah as she talked to Beannca, and then back at Laik.  The answer was clear.  Laik needed me more.
“I will go with you,” I said with a smile as I placed a kiss on Laik’s forehead.

Beannca

It’s been a month since Mae died.  I still found it hard to believe she was gone.  Nolan went with Sophie and Zach to Kangee where Laik would be raised.  I already told Sophie I was an honorary aunt along with Hannah, and would come to visit as much as I could. I felt things were slowly turning into something normal.  Myra and I shared an apartment in the hustle and bustle of University Hill.  I loved it there as it reminded me of a large city with all of its activity and noise that was music to my ears.  Slowly, with each day, I felt secure in my life and believed no one could take that away.

“Someone’s here to see you,” sang Myra.  “And he’s got something for you.”  She rubbed her hands together as she whisked by me with a big smile.
“What are you talking about?”  I asked as I finished wiping off the chairs that would soon be filled at the Siren’s Dell.
She replied with a giggle as she went into the kitchen.  It was four in the afternoon on a Saturday.  We’d be busy soon, and here was Sean standing at the entrance with a large smile that matched Myra’s.
I walked up him.  “You and Myra look like two gloating cats.  What’s going on?”  I crossed my arms.
He shook his head.  “Do cats gloat?” 
I let out a huff.  “You know we are going to be busy, and I’ve got to finish the chairs.”  I huffed with raised eyebrows.
Sean’s smile deepened, and his eyes twinkled like I’d never seen before.  I tilted my head, and started to ask him what he was doing when he pulled out of his pocket a small box-ring size..
“What is it?”  I asked feeling I already knew where this was headed.
“Open it,” he said.
Inside was a ring with a tiny stone that flickered back at me with a multitude of colors.
“Sean…” I croaked out as I could hear Myra and the cook squeal with excitement in the background, but I didn’t care if they watched, I was being proposed to.
“I’ve never met anyone like you, Beannca.  You’ve showed me so many things, and I want to share so many more with you.”  He bent down on one knee and held my hand.  “Is this how they do it on earth?”  He asked for reassurance.
I bobbed my head with gaping mouth.
“Good.  Then will you marry me, Beannca?”  He finally asked.
I looked at him and then the ring.  “Yes, Sean, I will marry you.”
He lifted me up, and we hugged and kissed as Myra practically danced around us.  I felt a ribbon, long and unbreakable, tied my life together.  Fate had smiled down on me, and nothing could block the light that shone down on Sean and me.

Even though I had just been proposed to, I still had to work.  Sirens Dell would be busy and I had to concentrate.  I waited tables as Myra ran the bar waiting for our bartender to arrive.  I was glad when he finally showed up along with another waitress.  Even though it was chaotic at times, I enjoyed the challenge of running a restaurant and trying to please its customers at the same time.  I thrived in it, and found it not only tiring, but rewarding as well.

“Beannca, you have a request from a customer.  They asked specifically for you to wait on them.”
I was sitting in the kitchen taking a short break, and admiring my ring.  “Who is it?”  I asked the new waitress.
She shrugged her shoulders.  “He’s at table 23.” 
She left and I let a smile escape my lips.  It was probably Sean up to something.  I fluffed my hair and went into the busy dining area to the secluded table 23.
I gazed at the man that sat casually at the table, and I nearly fell to the ground.  My heart began to pound as I thought of running, but he had already caught sight of me.  It was Aaron…he had found me.
He took a sip of his drink and motioned for me to come over.  I had no choice.
“What do you want?”  I asked sternly.
“Do you ask all of your customers like that?”  He motioned for me to sit.
“I’m working, I can’t sit.”  He chuckled.
“Suit yourself,” he said with a smirk.  “You’re doing well here?”
“Look, I have to get back to work.”  I started to turn when he caught my wrist.
“No, you don’t.” His eyes darkened.  “I’ve been trying to find you for some time and finally did.  Beannca, you didn’t think escaping was that easy, did you?”
I didn’t reply.
“I’m going to make this quick.” Aaron hissed as he pulled me closer.  “You can make this easy or hard.  If you come willingly, the guardianship will be none the wiser of your little siren field trip to Atlantis.  On the other hand, if you fight, I will take not only you, but the rest of your friends as well.  Oh, and the guardianship and I know the Alliance would like to hear that a sight siren had a baby—a boy at that.”  Aaron leaned back in his chair and smiled at me.  “I’m at least giving you a choice.  And you might win if you fight me, but is it worth risking the lives of others?”  
If I was strong enough and could get away with it, I’d grab the knife on table 22 and slit Aaron’s throat.  But I knew that wasn’t an option, and I couldn’t risk the lives of my friends.  The choice was as simple as that, and it pained me to have my happiness crumble to the ground.  Aaron didn’t notice my ring.  I slipped it off and let it fall to ground.  The librarianship would strip me of all belongings, and they could never have that tangible piece of my happiness.  It belonged here, in Atlantis.
I left with Aaron unnoticed.  It grieved me to leave this beautiful place that had truly become my home. Sean would wonder where I went, and he would be hurt along with Sophie and Hannah.  But they’d be safe along with Mae’s baby.  I was a single sacrifice, and it was worth it to know they’d be safe here in paradise.  Aaron, even though he’s as evil as they come, would keep his word.  I guess it’s just a guardian thing that is ingrained in them.  
I went through the motions of being charged with Bridget’s murder and the sentencing with numb thoughts.  In my head, I was in Atlantis holding onto Sean’s hand as we walked along the beach with the wind blowing gently and the warm waves caressing our feet.  No one, not even being forced into a prison-book, could break through and torture me.  I was strong and one day, I would return to Atlantis.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR


M.M. Gavillet lives in west central Illinois with her husband, two children, one dog, three cats, several ducks and two demanding guinea pigs where she drinks more tea than any sane person should and likes to play in the dirt planting flowers. She has been spinning stories since she was little, but only recently discovered her passion for writing.

You can find out more about M.M. Gavillet and her other novels as well as new releases on her blog at mmgavillet.blogspot.com
or on facebook
And seriously, she has amazing giveaways on
Goodreads!

