











Skeleton Park

A Novel by
Christina Smith





Published by Christina Smith 

Copyright ©2014 Christina Smith

Smashwords edition

Cover art © by Stephanie Mooney. All rights reserved

Edited by Christine LePorte

Hand Models for the cover-

Joshua Smith
Megan Smith
Sydney Collins
Justin Collins





Look for these other exciting titles by Christina Smith

Fated Dreams (Book one in the Affinity Series)

Delusions (Book two in the Affinity Series)

Riley’s Curse, A Moon’s Glow Prequel 

Riley’s Secret, A Moon’s Glow Novel # 1

Riley’s Torment, A Moon’s Glow Novel #2

Riley’s Redemption, A Moon’s Glow Novel #3

Finding Abigail- an adult suspense romance for ages 18 and up







For my son Josh, it’s your turn!








This story is fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.









Then

Blurred, chaotic, crimson and black images—a constant scream that sounds like my voice. This is what my life has become. I’m no longer aware of anything—only the agonizing screaming and the occasional distant voice that I can no longer interpret penetrate my new existence. I want to stop the sounds, the horrible visions, but I don’t know how.
Where am I?—what’s happening?—how did I get here?—These are the questions I think of when the screams fade enough for me to process thought. Unfortunately, those moments are fleeting.
I’m losing my mind.
Who am I?
Where am I? 
How did I get here?


Chapter One
Now

A high-pitched shriek pierced through my foggy brain and I jumped in my seat. The low purr of the engine had been lulling me into a zombie-like daze, but the horrible sound that was continually haunting my mind for the last week wouldn’t let up. It was a constant reminder of what I had escaped. Not that I needed one; the guilt was all consuming, in my every thought. 
“Are you all right, Avery?” my mother asked from the seat beside me, her long black hair flapping in the wind like a crow’s wing. Her question was one she repeated almost hourly. Just because I chose not to discuss what happened didn’t mean there was something wrong. I was fine; I just couldn’t say that about the people we left behind.
I blinked at her, the cloudiness ebbing from my brain and allowing me to focus on her concerned face. “Yes, Mom. I told you, I’m all right.” I couldn’t help the irritated edge in my voice. Any time she brought up my feelings, a wall as thick as the Hoover Damn would form in my mind and I would shut down. It wasn’t something I did consciously; it was simply self-preservation. I couldn’t let my emotions leak out again. I might not recover the next time. 
Wrinkles formed at the corners of her mouth as she frowned worriedly at me. It was an expression I had seen often in the last few days. “I know, honey, but I want to make sure we’re making the right decision.”
“We?” I asked, my eyes wide with accusation as I crossed one cramped leg over the other. We had only been in the car for a few hours, but without shifting positions, my limbs felt like they were covered in cement and if I moved them too quickly they might shatter into thousands of tiny pieces. 
Mom squeezed the steering wheel, her knuckles turning white as she slowed to make the turn off the highway and into our new city. “Yes, I made the decision. But if you didn’t want to leave, you could have said something.”
It was her idea to leave our home in Renwood, New York. And I knew she would have listened to me, had I argued. But at the time, I just wanted to disappear. My whole world had shattered in one single moment and I honestly didn’t know if I would ever be the same. I had escaped a horrible fate and the memories plagued me. I needed to get away—to a place where nothing would remind me of that terrible day.
I sighed heavily, pushing those thoughts out of my mind and sinking into my leather seat. The bright, mid-afternoon sun shone in my eyes as I took in the sights around us. There were plazas on both sides of the street with multiple fast food restaurants flanked next to them. The area was jam-packed with stores, gas stations, coffee shops, and even a cinema. Cars streamed around the intersection like army ants marching in formation.
For some reason I was surprised at how busy the place was. I assumed it would be going at a slower pace. And I definitely didn’t expect so many people. It wasn’t all that different from the city we had left behind. 
My friends said that we were running away, and maybe that was true. My mother and I had packed up our whole lives and moved right when we were needed the most. And not just to a different city or state—no, that wasn’t good enough. Mom had insisted we move to a different country.
She had done a lot of research before picking our new home in Canada, and—after some favors from friends—had gotten us all the paperwork we needed. The city she chose was a place called Kingston, Ontario. It was only three hours away from our former home, but once we drove over the border my previous address seemed like a world away. Mom had given me exactly four days to say goodbye to my friends and pack my belongings. She was so devastated by what happened and terrified that I wouldn’t be so lucky if there was a next time, that we were leaving before we even sold the house. Our real estate agent agreed to take care of everything and thanks to email and the Internet Mom could handle it from our new home.
We still had some money left from my father’s death fourteen years ago. He died in a car crash and left us quite a large insurance settlement, making it possible for us to pay for the new house before our old one sold. However, since we moved without even looking for a place to live, we were forced to stay in a hotel until we found one, which meant we were somewhat rushed.
~~
Pearl, the real estate agent Mom had been in contact with over the phone, met us in front of our hotel once we arrived. She was a short, stout woman, with a flowered blouse and a navy blue pencil skirt exposing stocky pale legs. Her mousy brown hair resembled a helmet, but her eyes were sharp as razor blades. Once we made all the introductions, we climbed into her vehicle, planning to check into our room after viewing a few houses.
The next couple of hours were plagued with one disappointment after another. The first house she showed us smelled of cat urine, while the next two weren’t available for months. When Mom asked to be shown houses that were available now or in a week or two, we were forced to call it a day. None of the showings Pearl had prepared would work. Since we were in a new city, in a different country, without knowing a single soul, I wanted the house we chose to be perfect. If I was going to hide from everyone and everything I once knew, I needed to love my new sanctuary. I was sure the perfect house was out there, we just had to find it. Disappointed with the day’s results, we were dropped off at our hotel a lot sooner than we had hoped. 
~~
“This is it.” My mom’s voice was cheerful as she pushed open the door of our hotel room. “Our home, until we can find a better one.” It would also be where she worked. Mom was a graphic designer and could do it anywhere. She specialized in book covers and made a pretty decent living. 
Our room was cozy and consisted of two double beds with matching maroon blankets. There was a dresser, a desk, and a TV. Unfortunately the smell of pineapple permeated the room. I hated pineapple. But this was it, home sweet home until we could find something more permanent.
“Why don’t we unpack and then freshen up before we venture out for dinner?”
I hefted my suitcase onto one of the beds, making the mattress bounce, and nodded. “Sounds good to me.”
Once we had both shoved all our clothes into the closet and dresser, we took turns in the shower to wash away the long drive over the border before heading out to eat. 
My mom’s phone rang as soon as we let ourselves back into the room a few hours later. It was Pearl, informing her that she found a house that was available now in the downtown area. 
I fell asleep that night listening to the hum of the mini fridge and the tap, tap of my mother’s laptop keyboard as she corresponded with clients.
~~
The alarm screeched as if from a distance. I pounded the sleep button and drifted back to oblivion. I needed the silence. After my fight with Caleb, I had cried all night, and my mind wouldn’t turn off until the wee hours of the morning. How could he do that to me? I loved him.
“Ave, what are you still doing here?” my mom yelled, yanking me out of my much needed slumber.
I jolted into a sitting position, instantly regretting the movement. Holding my dizzy head I mumbled, “What time is it?”
“It’s seven thirty. You’re going to be late. You look sick though. Maybe you should stay home.”
I shook my head as I crawled out of bed, Caleb’s chiseled face and big chocolate brown eyes ever present in my mind. His hurtful words still echoed in my ears. “I can’t, I have a test in English today.”
Mom turned away, but stopped in the doorway. “Hurry up then.”
I jumped up in bed with my heart hammering in my chest, the images of that day still hovering over me like a dark shadow threatening to surround me.
“Good morning, honey.” Mom stood in the corner of the hotel room. She was dressed in a violet sleeveless top and light linen pants. Her inky black hair was hanging loose, falling over her shoulders. I looked a lot like her. We shared the same color and length of hair but while hers was straight and silky, mine resembled a poodle. I inherited my curly hair from my dad, who I barely remembered.
Mom had been smiling, but when she took me in, her expression was lined with concern. “Are you okay?” she asked, taking a step toward me.
I glanced around the room, trying to shake off the dream and get my bearings. I took a deep breath once I remembered our situation. We were in a different city, about to go out to look for a new home. We were starting over. I just wished my mind would let me. I forced a smile to reassure her. “I’m fine, Mom. I just forgot where we were.” It wasn’t entirely a lie, but I couldn’t tell her what really upset me. I wasn’t ready to face what had happened. So instead, I yanked the blanket off and rushed into the bathroom to get ready for the day.
I heard her sigh tiredly as I closed the door behind me.
Once I was finished showering, we headed out.
~~
Instead of picking us up, Pearl gave us directions for us to meet her. She had only found one place that fit our time restraint, which meant she needed to look for more after we checked out the first house. The street the house was located on ran parallel to a park. The park was the size of a city block, with a playground and a small basketball court. There were also a few benches and picnic tables scattered along the well-manicured grass. Children of various ages were laughing and running around, enjoying the sunny Saturday afternoon.
“What do you think?” Pearl asked us. She was dressed in a gray pant suit, with a fluorescent orange frilly blouse sticking out at the collar.
I glanced wearily at the park, unsure if I wanted to live so close to noisy kids, and then looked behind Pearl. The house she was pointing at was a red-brick two-story. It was old—I could tell from the aged stone on the surface—but it appeared to be well taken care of. A huge red maple tree practically filled the whole front yard, hiding the large bay window in the front of the house.
Pearl climbed the steps, leaned on the wrought iron railing, and waited as we filed behind her. When we were positioned on the porch, she pushed open the door—to our new home. I knew it was It as soon as I peered inside. Yes, the structure was old, but the kitchen and living room held so much character, it was definitely worth it.
“Wow,” my mother gasped, as she stepped over the threshold. Her heels clicked over the copper-colored ceramic tiles and echoed in the empty room as she made her way to the living area, gazing up at the high-beamed cathedral ceiling.
“This one is definitely ready any time. The owners are desperate to sell before the twenty-seventh,” Pearl supplied, while we studied our surroundings.
“What’s the twenty-seventh?” my mom asked absently, running her fingers over the built-in shelving over the fireplace.
Pearl’s face paled as she visibly swallowed. “Uh…just the closing of their new house.”
I was about to ask why the furniture was gone if their new house hadn’t closed yet, but I lost interest as I glanced around the roomy kitchen. The ivory cupboards were L-shaped with a breakfast bar on the end.
“I love it,” I whispered, wandering up the stairs. There were two large rooms and a smaller one that Mom could use for an office. Unfortunately, I could only see one bathroom, but it was roomy and featured a Jacuzzi tub. The smaller of the two rooms, which would be mine, faced the park. Through the lush trees, I had a view of bits and pieces of the playground and a few benches. 
“What do you think?” my mom asked from the doorway.
My eyes were fixed out the window when I answered her. “This is it.” Our sanctuary. I spun around to face her. “Don’t you think?”
She grinned widely and nodded her head. “And it’s a steal, a lot cheaper than the others.”
“Why?” I wondered out loud. Yes, this house was older, but it was closer to the city. I was pretty sure Pearl had mentioned in one of her long spiels yesterday about real estate in Kingston, that it meant it would be more expensive.
She shrugged. “I’m not sure. Pearl just said that the owners were desperate. They want to sell immediately.”
For some reason her explanation made me uneasy. But since I couldn’t explain why, I ignored it and returned my mother’s mile-wide grin. The gesture felt foreign on my face, like I wasn’t worthy of happiness. But I pushed through those feelings and forced myself to enjoy the moment. The house was perfect; I just couldn’t explain why.
“That’s great,” I exclaimed, sharing my mom’s excitement despite my wariness.
She rushed forward, flinging her arms around me. Her touch soothed some of the ache that still lingered in my heart. I hadn’t allowed her to hug me in a week. But at the moment, it felt good, like this was our chance to start over. We were in a new house, new city, in a different country. There were no memories here. I could forget the horrible event. With nothing around to remind me of that day, I could push the awful images to the back of my mind and hopefully, the pain that crept into my heart would eventually fade. With that thought, I returned my mother’s hug, breathing in her comforting scent, ignoring the feeling of guilt that was always hovering in my mind.





Chapter Two
A week later we were in our very empty house waiting for the moving van to show up. We had been here all day getting ready for the rest of our stuff. But it only took so long to unpack the four suitcases and three boxes that we had lugged in the car from home. We also had two coolers with food we’d been eating out of from our hotel room. We ate takeout Chinese on the floor of the living room. Once our lunch containers were tidied up, we cleaned out all the cupboards and the bathroom and even mopped the floors with the cleaning products Mom had picked up. Now, we were out of things to do.
My mom had finally gotten hold of the movers and was told they had been held up at customs, but should be arriving anytime. While Mom wore a path on the lawn from her constant pacing, I was across the road at the park. I had found a spot on the ground, leaning against a cold, cement monument, and was drawing a spooky-looking oak tree in my sketch pad. The limbs stretched out from the trunk like skeletal arms reaching up to the pale blue sky. While the rest of the trees in the park were filled with bright green leaves, this one was bare, exposing the bent and twisted branches that slightly resembled bony fingers. Even the bark was missing, like a cob of corn husked and tossed away. The trunk was mostly gray, but was starting to turn white in certain spots. It was the oddest tree I had ever seen and I wondered why the city officials, or whoever took care of the park, didn’t cut it down. It was obviously dead.
Besides a family with four kids, and a woman with a baby, the only other person around was a tall guy about my age. Despite the hot sun that was glaring down from above us, he was wearing jeans and a green army jacket. He was hovering over a golden plaque that was secured to a marble slab. As if he could sense me watching him, he looked up and met my gaze. His emerald green eyes fixed to mine.
Embarrassed at being caught watching him, I quickly looked back down at my partially drawn picture. I rubbed my pointer finger over the trunk of the tree I had just drawn, shading it to appear more realistic.
Despite the heat from the late afternoon sun, I was cool. The trees around me provided plenty of shade to block out the heated rays. The gentle wind brushed my cheeks and ruffled my black hair while it hung over my face as I drew. I loved drawing. I had been doing it since I was a kid. At first I did it for fun, but now it was almost a compulsion. The only time I hadn’t had a sketch pad and pencil on me was during the last week. This morning was the first time I had picked them up since “It” happened. I knew the only reason I was able to was because I was away from all the memories. As I glanced around the park on that very relaxing Saturday afternoon, I felt almost at peace for the first time in fifteen days.
A loud screech pierced through the bubble of contentment around me and I glanced to my left to see what the noise was. It was the brakes of a big, white truck covered in a haze of dirt along both sides that darkened toward the back corners like wings. The moving van was finally here. I shoved my pencil and pad in my bag and jumped up, feeling a little anxious about unpacking our belongings. Would bringing pieces of our old life to our new one take away that tiny bit of contentment I had been feeling?
Just as I was about to cross the road to join my mom, I peeked behind me for one more glance at the green-eyed boy, but he was gone. The spot by the plaque was empty.
~~
It only took two hours to transfer everything that made us who we were from the back of a truck to the new house. When the movers left, we stood in the cluttered living room and glanced around at all the unopened boxes. There was so much to do; we didn’t know where to begin.
After staring at the piles of cardboard for several minutes in silence, my mother turned to me. “Pizza?” Her hair was up in a messy bun and a stray strand fell into her soft blue eyes.
I nodded my head enthusiastically before following her to the door.
~~
We found a small pizza place downtown called Bubba’s and sat in the cramped restaurant to eat our dinner. 
“So…are you ready to go back and get to work?” my mom asked, when she finished her own meal, tossing the pizza crust onto her tray, the lump of dough landing on a puddle of brown liquid from the iced tea she had spilt earlier.
“I guess so.” My plate and soda were empty, but the thought of all the work waiting for us at home made me want to order another slice just to put it off. 
As she slid her purse strap onto her shoulder, she tilted her head at me, a look of compassion and worry flitting across her face. “Are you having second thoughts?” She meant about the move. And even if I was, wasn’t it too late? We had already bought a house and all our stuff was inside of it waiting to be unpacked.
I glanced down at the tabletop, biting my lip and digging my finger in a crack in the wood. I barely noticed when a small wood sliver stabbed my fingertip. “No. I’m…”
“Worried that unpacking your old stuff will bring back memories you’re trying to avoid?”
So, my mother was a closeted psychiatrist. Who knew? “I’m fine,” I muttered, as the wall I constantly erected in my mind took shape. A crack had formed in the carefully constructed structure for a split second and she had taken that chance to analyze me. I couldn’t let her do it again. I knew what would happen if it tumbled down—my mind would crumble with it.
I stood up, carrying my cardboard dish, shoved it into the trash can and rushed out of the restaurant. 
I stood in the street, the warm evening breeze washing over me as I gained control of myself. My breath came out in gasps, my heart pounding in my chest. The images were threatening to break free and I couldn’t allow it. I took a deep, slow breath and pictured a dam; the rapid, raging water crashing against the barrier became the emotions I held back. It was a necessary move to keep my sanity. I had lost it once and I wouldn’t lose it again. Gradually my labored breathing slowed, and my heart steadied in my chest. I took another deep breath and listened to the music that floated in the early summer air from a dance club up the block and some more from behind me. By the time my mom emerged through the door, my episode was once again under control. Together, we walked to her car, her questions in the pizza place forgotten.
Over the sound of our footsteps hitting the pavement, I could hear applause and laughter. I had a sinking feeling I knew where that was coming from. When we had left our house earlier, crowds of people had begun filling the park next to us. When I asked my mother what was going on, she said that Pearl had mentioned to her that there were some people gathering at the park for a rally tonight. So much for my peaceful sanctuary.
Even though I suspected what was happening, I was still surprised at what we saw when we turned onto our street. So many cars were lined up with only a few feet between them I thought of my dad’s old dominoes. I used to take them out and try to picture him using them. Since I was three when he died, I didn’t have any memories, so I tried to force some. It never worked. 
The street was so crowded as we cruised past, our car’s tires scraped against the curb while Mom swerved around a large black SUV. When she was finally able to pull into our driveway, I got out and turned around. The park was teeming with people chanting, “Let them go!” I didn’t understand what their words meant and I really didn’t care. I wasn’t in the mood for a gathering.
As I turned to follow Mom into the house, I felt the heat of someone watching me. When I gazed over my shoulder, I saw the guy with the emerald eyes. He wasn’t at the marble stone this time. Now he was leaning on the same monument I had been sitting against earlier…and he was watching me. When he saw me look at him, he smiled. I tipped my lips upward faintly. It was all I could manage before I spun back around, rushing into the house behind my mother.
The rally lasted late into the night, the noise providing the background as we unpacked the kitchen and then our bedrooms. Finally we went to bed, only I didn’t sleep. Instead, I lay on my bed staring up at the stippled ceiling listening to the voices drifting in from my window. The low drone of conversation eventually lulled me into a deep slumber.

~~
The heels of my knee-high boots clicked against the linoleum floor as I ran to class. I was late for first period English and I blamed Caleb Nichols: after a year together, he dumped me. Despite getting ready in record time and having the quickest shower in history, I had still pulled up to the school ten minutes late. Mrs. Robertson had taken her time writing out a late slip, and then I bumped into a boy, knocking his books to the ground. My day was not starting out well, and on top of everything else, I was worried about running into Caleb.
The sound of a door slamming echoed through the corridor. As I got closer to my destination I heard the slamming of another. When I turned the corner into the hallway that led to my class, the sound came again. All the hair on my arms stood on end. What was going on?
I sucked in a deep breath as I jerked awake, yanking myself from the dream. I jolted up in bed and rubbed my eyes. I hadn’t been sleeping very much lately; nightmares and imaginary sounds had been keeping me restless. Knowing I wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep, I crawled out of bed and sat down on the window seat with my sketch pad in my lap. I gazed out at the now empty park before focusing on a blank sheet of paper. I took a deep breath and began to draw; the only light was from the street lamps outside my window. I didn’t know what I was drawing; I just let my fingers go. But I wasn’t surprised when the outline of a face appeared and then thick messy hair. A few minutes later I was staring into the dark eyes of an awkward teen.
Before I could make my mind form any more depressing thoughts, I was turning the page to a fresh one and my pencil was moving over the paper. It was like my fingers were possessed with a mind of their own. But again, when my fingers stilled, I wasn’t surprised at the image. I saw her every morning; her bright smile and her melodic voice woke us up as she read to us from Shakespeare. Miss Adams was young for a teacher and as far as I knew wasn’t married and didn’t have any children. I allowed a few seconds to gaze at the picture and then I turned it, knowing what would come next: another person I hadn’t allowed myself to say goodbye to. I’d just left without a word and I wasn’t sure if I could ever forgive myself.
As I flipped to a blank page, the sound of sobbing had me gazing out the window. The park was now vacant. The only evidence of the rally was a few empty cartons of food and a forgotten stage. The sad sound that had drawn my attention outside grew louder. I leaned my head against the screen that was bumpy and cold against my skin, searching for the source. But there didn’t seem to be one. The park grounds were empty, as were the sidewalks and streets surrounding it. The sobs slowly faded away and, deciding it must be coming from a neighbor’s window, I turned back to my sketch pad. I had more memories to transfer.
I stayed up late drawing a few more faces that haunted my mind and when I finally drifted off to sleep, I slept like a baby. 
~~
Over the next week, I spent my days either unpacking or sitting on the ground at the park, leaning against the monument drawing. By day, I drew trees, flowers, or people that frequented the park; but at night my fingers became possessed and would draw the memories that flashed through my mind in a continuous loop. I didn’t know why I did it. Every morning I told myself I wouldn’t pick up that pencil. But each night, I found myself up for hours sitting on my window seat drawing. Then I’d go to bed and the nightmares would come anyway.
My mom often nagged me to venture farther than the park to meet people, but I was happy with my routine. Making friends could wait until school started in a few months. I was too depressed to meet anyone. No, until I had my issues out of my head permanently, I needed the solitude.
The green-eyed guy from our first night here had come back to the park a few times. He was always alone reading a book and would often look my way. But besides that first night, he never acknowledged me.
Exactly a week after we moved into the house, I lay in bed staring up at my ceiling. Once again I couldn’t sleep. I felt anxious and a little confined, like the walls were closing in on me. My self-induced house arrest was beginning to weigh on me.  It was twelve thirty at night and I needed some fresh air.
I grabbed my iPod and sketch pad and tiptoed out of my room and down the stairs. Though my mother had been trying to get me to venture out, I knew she wouldn’t approve of me going out at that time of night. When the front door clicked shut so loudly it sounded like a gunshot in the otherwise quiet house, I winced at the sound. My heart froze in cold, panic. I was sure Mom would hear it and wake up. But after several seconds, with no evidence to that fact, I knew the coast was clear.
I padded across the street, my flip-flops smacking against the pavement, wearing only a white tank and cotton shorts, not really sure where I was headed. But since the park was right there, I found myself in the center of it, between the benches and play equipment. The cold grass curled around my toes as the soft breeze brushed through my unruly, corkscrew hair. I stood motionless, staring up at the cloudless black sky dotted with millions of tiny flecks of twinkling diamonds, awed at both the beauty of what I was seeing and how utterly silent it was. 
I knew from living here for a week that even at this time of night you could hear the drone of cars whizzing by in the surrounding streets, or voices from people strolling by on the sidewalks. But tonight, it was completely soundless. I heard nothing, not even the annoying bark of the neighbor’s poodle that liked to yip at all hours of the night. Even the constant singing of the crickets that had just recently awakened from their winter slumber was silent. It was both eerie and surreal.
I decided to take advantage of the privacy and enjoy. I lay down on the cool grass with the infinite sky above me, taking in the fresh scent of grass and the honeysuckle that grew just inches from my face. I tossed my sketchbook onto the ground and stuck my earbuds in, then hit play. A female voice came on with my favorite song. As the emotional lyrics and breathtaking piano played out, I couldn’t help but sing along and eventually my eyelids drifted closed. I belted out the song along with the artists, knowing that no one would hear me. I was alone in the world tonight. This park belonged to me and no one was out to care about my lack of singing ability or how loud I bellowed. It was liberating, doing something so careless, without worrying about the consequences or being embarrassed. The music flooded my ears and then my mind. All I could see was the blackness of my closed eyelids. The song took me away from unwanted thoughts, of the faces that appeared in my sleep, and the boy who broke my heart. The music consumed me. “I want you to stay,” I sang along, and then fell silent because that was the only sentence I knew. And when it came around again I chanted once more. “I want you to stayahhah,” I yelled out, and then opened my eyes to gaze at the glimmering stars above me—but that was not what I saw.
Two hazel eyes, shining with laughter, stared down at me. Attached to those eyes was a head full of thick auburn hair and a handsome face with sharp lines and a strong jaw. The guy was about my age and his lips were twitching as he fought laughter.
Since I was expecting to see the sky, his sudden appearance was too much for my mind to comprehend. My heart leap-frogged into my throat and I screamed bloody murder. The shrill scream echoed around me, almost shaking the leaves on the trees that surrounded us. The face that hovered above me washed with horror and disappeared from my view.
I took the chance and sprang up, dancing around like a prize fighter, searching for my intruder, but he was gone—I was alone in the empty park.



Chapter Three
Had I imagined him? Was I subconsciously so hard up for company in my new city that my mind had conjured up an imaginary companion?
While my heart rate began to slow, I saw an arm poking out behind a wide maple tree about ten feet away. “Hello?” I called out.
The arm disappeared as I took a step forward, the dew from the grass wetting my toes. “I can see you, you know.”
A deep rumble of laughter floated in the air before the guy stepped out from the tree. His lips were turned up in a playful smile and his hazel eyes danced in the moonlight. He was wearing a wrinkled black T-shirt and ripped faded jeans. I couldn’t help but notice his black military boots were scuffed and faded.
His arrogant grin reminded me what he was laughing about. He had seen me belting out off-key in my skimpy pj’s and crazy hair. My hair was so curly; it was messy on a good day, but after a night’s sleep it was beyond manageable. My face reddened as I glanced over at my house, mulling over the idea of bolting for cover. How stupid would I appear if I just ran away? I was good at that after all.
He stepped forward, blocking my path, making my escape impossible without looking even nuttier than I already did. “I’m sorry I scared you,” he apologized, with amusement in his voice. “I really didn’t mean to.” 
“It’s okay. I-I was just…”
“Singing to yourself,” he finished for me, the corners of his mouth still twitching.
I narrowed my eyes at him. This stranger appreciated my humiliation way too much. “I…guess so…yes,” I stammered. “I was just enjoying the privacy.” I spread my arms out around the park. “I’ve lived here for a week and I’ve never seen it so empty, so quiet.” My gaze skimmed the grounds that were quickly becoming one of my favorite spots. The playground that featured two swing sets, one rusty, the other one squeaking noisily when someone swung too fast. The basketball courts that were almost always in use by the same two boys. But most of all, the oversized monument that had become my favorite place to draw. There were words etched in the stone, but for some reason I had never taken the time to read them. I was always too busy sketching. This park had become my refuge, my sacred sanctuary. If our house was a hideaway from my former home, the park was turning into a place just for me that I didn’t have to share with my mom.  
His face flushed with something akin to sorrow, but the expression faded to a small smile as quickly as it appeared. “You just moved here?”
“Yeah.”
“From where?” he asked, stuffing one hand into the pocket of his jeans.
His question was a little too personal for my taste. I wasn’t prepared to answer it for fear it would threaten the stability of the wall I had built in my mind. Turning away from him, I glanced down at the ground where my iPod had fallen next to my sketch book. “New York state,” I finally answered flatly.
“That’s not too far. Why did you move to Canada?” The question was innocent enough, but it wasn’t something I wanted to get into with anyone, let alone a stranger I just met.
I shrugged, my gaze wandering from my stuff lying on the ground to my feet, noticing the paint on my toenails was starting to peel. “My mom and I just needed a change of scenery.”
I glanced up at him to see if he would accept my answer without pursuing a better one. He narrowed his eyes at me as if he knew I was being evasive then sat down on the grass, reaching out for my sketch book.
Panic gripped my chest and squeezed tight at the thought of someone seeing my drawings. I lunged forward, falling not so gracefully onto the ground and landing on his leg, his knee digging into my stomach. I jumped back and sat across from him, my face burning from embarrassment and no doubt the color of fire. There was a brown and green smudge on my knee from landing on the ground. I tried to wipe it with my hand, avoiding his gaze. I could feel him staring at me. The smudge would not come off, and the harder I rubbed, the redder my skin turned. The words “Out, damned spot,” automatically flashed in my mind, making me cringe. We had read Macbeth in English. Miss Adams’ cheeks had turned pink when David Morrison read the word “damned” a little too aggressively.
The guy’s deep chuckle rang out again, thankfully, pulling me from my unwanted memory. I looked up through my lashes at him. “Sorry,” my voice squeaked out, as I gave up trying to remove the mark and crossed my arms over my chest. After my oh-so-graceful fall on top of him, I realized I was still wearing my pj’s.
His smirk came back out to play while he held up the book. “May I?” he asked politely, his face filled with curiosity and interest.
I hesitated a moment, wondering if there was still a way to escape without looking like a total fool. I didn’t know this guy; maybe he was dangerous; maybe he was a serial killer set on wearing my skin as an overcoat. Who knew what he was capable of?
Just before I was about to rip the book from his hand and run like hell, his smirk turned into a warm smile, his eyes soft and comforting. My worries evaporated. This was Canada after all. Wasn’t that why we moved here? Nothing bad ever happened.
I nodded slowly and then glanced around the park uncomfortably while he flipped through the pages. The park was still quiet. Not a sound could be heard around us. For some reason, I couldn’t even hear the normal night noises from downtown where all of the clubs and restaurants were located. It was like an invisible dome had formed over the neighborhood where nothing, not even sound, could get through.
It felt a little odd for a stranger to be looking through my very personal drawings that I never showed anyone, but since I had humiliated myself not once, but twice in front of him in the last few minutes, I decided that I couldn’t be any more embarrassed.
“These are really good.”
Yanking out clumps of grass, I glanced down at my hands and watched the blades flutter onto the ground with the soft breeze. I remained silent, but glanced up at him to see his reaction to the pictures in front of him. His eyes sparked with appreciation as he flipped to the one of the tree.
He looked up at me. “Is this the first drawing you did after you moved here?”
I nodded, feeling anxious and slightly sick to my stomach. My mother hadn’t even seen most of my finished drawings. Sure she had complimented me when she saw them in progress, but by the time I was finished she’d forget about it and I was never one to offer. She was always so wrapped up in her work she sometimes forgot about the world around her. 
He stared at the tree and then grinned. “It looks just like it.” The sound of awe in his voice pleased me. I was distracted by his compliment and didn’t really notice him turn the page. “Who’s this?” he asked curiously about the drawing of the boy with messy hair and acne.
I glanced down at the picture and grimaced, my stomach dropping to the ground. Without thought, I reached out and yanked the book from his grip. His hands dropped onto his lap. “No one,” I mumbled, tossing the sketch pad onto the grass next to me.
His lips twitched as his eyes widened in question. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to pry. Your drawings are wonderful. Do you paint as well?”
I was thankful that he dropped his too-personal questions and appreciated the subject change. “A little bit in school. I was taking an AP art course before I moved here.” Why did I say that? I didn’t want to talk about my old school, so why would I bring it up? 
Thankfully he didn’t ask about it. “How old are you?”
“Seventeen. I’ll be eighteen in a few months. You?”
“I’m nineteen.” His expression turned thoughtful as he leaned back on his hands, the blades of grass peeking out between his fingers. Although the light was low, I could see a jagged scar on the back of his left hand. “Have you started your new school?”
I shook my head. “No, I’m finishing the year online and I’ll start my senior year here in the fall.” That was the plan, even though I had yet to begin. I wasn’t in a hurry, and so far Mom hadn’t mentioned it.
His eyes flashed with confusion and then cleared. “What school will you go to?”
A gust of warm air pushed through the trees and his earthy scent wafted toward me. “I’m not sure. I haven’t really thought about it yet. But I saw one a few blocks away.”
He nodded. “There are a couple around here. There is a Catholic school about four streets north of here.” He turned to his left. “And there’s another school about two blocks…that way called Limestone High.”
“And it’s not Catholic?”
He shook his head. “No.”
“Then I guess I’ll be going to Limestone High.”
He frowned. “That’s a shame. You’d look cute in a kilt.”
“There’s uniforms?” I asked, unable to hide my distaste of the idea.
“Only at the Catholic school. So I guess you dodged a bullet.”
My lips twitched with the urge to smile, but couldn’t quite manage it. “What school did you go to?”
He seemed to pause at the question before he answered. “None here. I just moved to Kingston a few months ago.” He stretched his legs out and gazed up at the night sky, looking very comfortable with our conversation. And I had to admit, so was I. I hadn’t talked to anyone close to my age in weeks and I had been craving the company without realizing it. “What is your name anyway?” he asked, his hazel eyes narrowed and interested.
“Avery. What’s yours?”
“Austin.”
I couldn’t help but feel a warm glow as we gazed at each other. I felt comfortable and at ease. I ignored the feeling of guilt that threatened to bloom in the pit of my stomach. So what if I was enjoying the company of a near stranger. I had been depressed and miserable for the last two weeks. I was entitled to one night of happiness…wasn’t I? I wasn’t sure of the answer, but I would think about that later. I was in the company of a nice guy who seemed to enjoy my company as much as I was enjoying his. I pushed away the image of sad, deep brown eyes that flickered in my mind. That person had no business intruding on this moment. He was the one who hurt me.
“Can I ask you something, Avery?” Austin asked, pulling me out of my thoughts. His eyes were playful again, and his lips twitched as if fighting a grin. He was now sitting up and tapping his knee with his fingers absently.
I nodded. “Shoot.” All depressing thoughts drifted away.
“Do all Americans wander about in their skimpy bed clothes?”
I paled at his question and looked down at my body. The tank wasn’t that skimpy, but it was tight. It was also white and with the glow of the street lights, it was a little see-through. “Oh, God.” I stood up, grabbing my stuff from the grass and folding my arms awkwardly in front of me.
Again, his deep laughter floated with the breeze. “You don’t have to leave,” he said, standing up along with me.
With one arm covering my chest and the other holding both my sketch pad and iPod, the pencil slipped and fell into the grass, disappearing into the blades. “Uh…I know...but if my mom woke up and saw me gone, she’d have a cow.” I paused and gave him what I hoped was a warm smile. It felt like it was years since I had attempted the gesture, and I wasn’t sure if it had come out right. But he had taken my mind off my memories for a few minutes and I really appreciated it. “It was nice to meet you, Austin.” I bent down to retrieve the pencil and froze. I’d have to use my free hand and that was covering the goods.
He laughed again as his arm came into view scooping the pencil up for me. 
“Thanks,” I stammered, taking the pencil from him, feeling embarrassed once again. How many times would I humiliate myself in front of this guy?
The only acknowledgment I received for my appreciation was a slight nod and his playful smile. His eyes lit up. “Will I see you again?” he asked hopefully.
I ducked my head, hoping my tangled hair would hide my blush. “We’ll see,” I responded as I spun around, my iPod, sketch pad, and pencil gripped tightly in my hand this time.
I made it to the street before I turned back. He was still standing where I left him, a half grin aimed at me as he lifted his hand in a small wave. As I grinned back at him and turned away, I saw the moonlight glimmer off of something shiny on the ground. It was next to the maple tree he had hidden behind. When I blinked, it was gone.
I must have imagined it.
I rushed into the house feeling the weight of his gaze. When I closed the door behind me, I headed upstairs to my room. 
At my window, I peeked out through the curtains. A tiny stab of disappointment pierced through my stomach when I saw that the park was empty.
As I turned away I saw a flash of something—a shadow maybe—near the swing set. I scrambled back thinking Austin hadn’t left, but when I peered through the screen I realized I must have imagined it; as I had concluded earlier, there was no one there.
I climbed in bed, my mind swirling with questions: Would I ever see him again? Did I want to? After what happened weeks ago I didn’t think I deserved to be happy. And that was what I felt for the short time I was with Austin. I had felt happy and it was something I hadn’t expected to happen for a long time.
I fell asleep with the image of deep hazel eyes, thick auburn hair, and a ball of guilt lodged deep in the pit of my stomach.



Chapter Four
“Have you started your school work yet?” my mom asked the next morning, spreading jam over her burnt toast.
I cringed, wondering why she made it that way. What was so appealing about eating charcoal? I took a sip of my hot chocolate, my version of coffee. “No, not yet,” I mumbled as the sweet, hot liquid flowed down my throat. A pang of anxiety stabbed through my chest at her question. If I wanted to start school in September I first had to finish this year and to do that I needed to catch up with the work I’d missed over the last few weeks. But every time I logged onto my laptop, the arrow hovering over the Internet logo, I froze. I hadn’t been online at all, not my email or Facebook. I knew that my friends would try to contact me that way since I refused to answer my cell. It had rung constantly the last few days before we moved and even more the day of. I finally turned it off on the drive to Kingston and had yet to turn it back on. I didn’t have a need for it; I never left the house and couldn’t talk to my friends…not yet anyway. I knew they were just trying to see how I was doing, but I couldn’t face them. I had left them alone.
“Avery.” Mom’s voice took on a worried tone. “You have to do this or you’ll fail all your classes. If you don’t want to do it online I could enroll you at a school here.” I didn’t understand her rush; it hadn’t even been a month. What was the big deal if I took some more time to…forget.
 “No!” I almost shouted, terror shooting into the pit of my stomach. “I’m not ready yet.”
Her face softened as she reached her hand out to place it on mine. Her skin was warm and a little sticky from handling the strawberry jam. “I know, honey. That’s why I agreed to let the principal help you through email, but you have to do it.”
When I only stared down into my mug, watching the last of my tiny marshmallows evaporate into the thick brown liquid, she continued, “You could wait longer, but you’re already three weeks behind and it will probably take you all summer to catch up and finish off the rest of the work.” She finished spreading the jam and took a bite. Her words hung in the air and seemed to echo, bouncing off the walls, pressuring me into making a decision I wasn’t ready for. When she made no other comment, I wondered if she was finished. The only sound in the quiet kitchen was her soft crunching and the ruffling of the newspaper as she sifted through it, looking for the entertainment section. It was the only part of the paper she read anymore. She had told me the rest was too depressing. We never watched the news either, and if a preview of a breaking story came on during a TV show we were watching, she’d hit mute or turn the channel. 
I wandered over to the fridge and opened the door, assuming she was finished with her lecture. I was wrong.
“Or, you could just take the rest of the year off and retake the classes in the fall. But then you’ll graduate a semester late.” She was staring down at the words in front of her as she spoke; now she looked up. “That way you can take all the time you need to recover.”
“God, no,” I snapped. There was no way I would even consider that option. 
Her hand froze with the piece of toast in front of her mouth. A frown marred her jam-speckled lips as she dropped the toast onto her plate and inched closer to me, her hand reaching out hesitantly like she was approaching a scared baby bird. “Look, honey, why don’t you start slow; just an hour or two a day?” Her voice was soft, edged with sympathy. 
I closed the fridge—nothing in there interested me anyway—and considered her suggestion. Repeating even one semester of junior year wasn’t an option. I would be new in the school and since I was in a different country, there most likely would be a different curriculum. It would be difficult enough to go through without being older than the rest of my classmates. An hour of school work a day couldn’t hurt. I glanced up at her and nodded.
She beamed at me like I was a toddler that had just taken my first steps. “Wonderful! I think this will help you get your mind off of what happened.”
I turned away from her, afraid she’d say more. She must have taken the hint because she finally let it go.
“I’m going to work in the office for a while.” What she didn’t say was, “So don’t bug me.” Once she disappeared into that room, she didn’t come out for hours. She loved what she did and she had a tendency to get lost in it.
I nodded as she kissed my forehead.
She cleaned up her mess and disappeared up the stairs.
After I decided on a banana and munched it gazing out the window, I put the peel into the garbage. I wasn’t quite ready to head upstairs so I swept the kitchen and tidied up the living room. I even fluffed the throw pillows. When that was done, I glanced around the room looking for something else to do, but when I found nothing, I reluctantly clomped up the steps to have a shower—a long one. The mirror was thick with steam when I finally emerged. Once I was dressed, my curly hair dried and a bit of makeup shining on my face, I sat down at my desk in front of my laptop. I had put it off long enough.
There were countless emails from my friends and even more from the one person I needed to forget about. I skimmed over the social ones and found six from Mrs. Henderson. I clicked the first one and jotted down the assignments she wanted me to do. I still had my school books so I opened my science text and began the work.
It took me an hour or so to finish the reading and the assignment that accompanied it. I was going to stop, remembering Mom’s words that I didn’t have to do much, but while I was doing the work, I realized she was right. The assignment had taken my mind off of other things and I hadn’t felt sad or guilty the entire time. I wasn’t much of a brain before all this happened, but I did all right, managing to keep a B average. If I had actually tried, I could have probably done better, but that would’ve taken time away from my art and at the time that was more important to me.
I left English till the very end. I had to read a few chapters of the book we had been reading before I left school and then prepare a report on what I read. I sent in the work I’d finished and got comfortable on the window seat, a pillow propped at my back. A soft breeze wafted through the screen and gently kissed my cheeks. My hands shook as I opened the paperback; the memories that came with the novel threatened to overwhelm me. I took a deep breath and pushed the unwanted thoughts away, focusing solely on the story I was reading.
I was so wrapped in the plot that I didn’t think once about the last time I read from this book, not even of the teacher that had assigned the work originally. I lost track of time as I read. The afternoon ticked by while the words of the story line pulled me in. I only stopped once to make myself a ham sandwich and I ate it as I absorbed the words from the book in my hands.
The sound of child’s laughter pulled me from the pages. The soft giggle brought a smile to my face. I peered across the street, expecting to see a family enjoying the last few minutes of daylight on the play equipment, but there was no one there. The park was empty. The only movement was the rustling of leaves on the trees and a swing gently swaying back and forth as if someone was enjoying an early evening swing. The chain squeaked eerily, echoing throughout the grounds. The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end as I gazed at the vacant park. Not a soul was around, not even walking by on the sidewalks. I swallowed hard and pulled my gaze from the window, shaking away the unnerving feeling that had settled over my body. The wind must have been stronger than it appeared. The laughter sounded again, but this time I ignored it. Just like the sobbing the other day, it must have been coming from a neighbor’s open window.
I finished the reading soon after and got started on my report.
I was just about finished when my mom poked her head in my doorway. “Ready for dinner?”
As if on cue, my stomach growled. “I guess so.”
She smiled. “Did you get much done?” 
I nodded, stacking up my textbooks to pile them onto the corner of my desk. “Yep, I finished the first batch she sent me.”
Again the look of pride shone from her face as if I had just solved world peace instead of simply doing school work. She reached out as I stepped forward, slinging her arm over my shoulder, her elbow pointing into my shoulder. “How about some deep-fried chicken?”
A stray piece of hair that was sticking out of the side of her head brushed my cheek, tickling my skin. “Are we ever going to have a home-cooked meal?”
“When we get settled and unpacked, maybe,” she replied, once she let me go and headed out of my room.
I glared at her. “We’ve been unpacked for a week.”
She shrugged. “How about tomorrow? I’ll make your favorite.”
I followed her down the stairs, our steps loud in the quiet stairwell. “Cannelloni with ham?”
She nodded, stepping into the living room. “Yep. Which means I need to hit the grocery store.”
Mmmm, yum. I hadn’t had a home-cooked meal in so long my stomach growled again just thinking about it.
~~
“So, I’ve been thinking that we need to venture out and maybe make some friends,” my mom said, as we were stretched out on the couch in front of the TV eating dinner. I opened my mouth to argue, because I just knew I wasn’t interested in what she was going to suggest. But she cut me off. “I’ve been looking for some book clubs in the area I thought we could join.”
I scrunched up my face while I dipped a fry into my dish of gravy. “No thanks. Sitting around discussing books with a bunch of old people does not sound like fun to me.”
She sighed, stabbing her fork into her coleslaw. “I figured you would say that. I’ll just have to find one on my own.”
“Have fun,” I mumbled before taking a bite of my crispy chicken leg.
She leaned back in her chair eyeing me, her fork pointed in my direction. “What about you? You have to go farther than the park.” When I simply shrugged, chewing the food in my mouth, refusing to look at her, she huffed an irritated sigh. “Honey, you have to make an effort. I know what happened was awful, but you have to stop beating yourself up about it.”
I gulped down the food in my mouth that suddenly felt like lead, just as a heavy lump of guilt formed in my chest and made its way to my throat. My eyes began to burn with the threat of tears. My eyes stung as if they were on fire. I jumped up and grabbed my plate. If she was going to talk about this, I was getting out of there.
She stood up, holding her hand up to stop me, her palm hovering in the air between us, reminding me of a crossing guard. All she needed was a whistle and a fluorescent orange vest. “Wait. Honey, I’m sorry. But you have to work through this. Why don’t I look into finding someone you can talk to?”
Panic welled up inside me at the idea of lying on a couch while I poured out my soul to a stranger. “Like a shrink?” I cried, my hand trembling, making the plate shake. “Mom, I’m fine.”
Her face softened, her light eyes washing with concern. “You know what, honey? I don’t think you are. I should have done it when you came out of it, but I was so afraid; I just wanted to get you away from there.” I closed my eyes, pushing the tears down. I couldn’t cry—I wouldn’t. What good would it do? “You never talk about what happened, you refused to see any of your friends, and I know you’re not sleeping.”
Panic was now blending with a wave of sorrow and horror. I needed her to stop or the wall would crumble and I might lose it again. My breathing was already painful, like shards of glass embedded in my lungs. “Please stop,” I begged in a whisper.
She held her hand over her mouth as her eyes welled with unshed tears. “Fine. I’m sorry.” She turned away and sat back down on her chair.
I cleared my throat, feeling the overwhelming emotions retreat back to where I had pushed them, somewhere deep in my mind where I wouldn’t have to deal with the pain. “I’m going to finish this upstairs.” I didn’t wait for her to answer as I rushed up the creaky steps.
~~
That night, I couldn’t sleep. There was a face haunting my mind. He had been in my thoughts a lot lately, but I refused to acknowledge them. He was in my past and I needed to keep it that way. It didn’t matter how much I missed him. There was no going back.
I tossed and turned until I finally gave up. The only way to get him out of my head was to draw. It usually helped clear my thoughts. As I stood up to reach for my sketch pad I passed the window and saw a figure leaning against the monument. It was a guy stretched out with a book in his hands. Strands of dark hair hung over his eyes, hiding his identity, but although I couldn’t see his face, for some reason I knew who it was and I suddenly had the urge for some fresh air. My mom said I needed to get out and socialize, then so be it.
This time, though, I would be prepared. I tossed on my favorite baby blue hoodie over my tank top and yanked my hair up into a tail. I was still wearing my pj shorts, but there was nothing skimpy about them so there wouldn’t be any more embarrassing moments, or so I hoped.
On instinct, I grabbed my sketch pad, a pencil stuck into the crease, snuck down the steps and out the front door without waking my mom.
The air was a little cool and I was thankful for the sweater. As I crossed the street Austin looked up from his book. A smile spread across his face when he saw me. “I was hoping to run into you tonight.”
“I don’t usually come out here at what?” I glanced down at my phone. “Twelve fifteen in the morning.” The cool grass tickled my toes as I stepped toward him, wearing my flip-flops once again. “What are you doing out here so late?” I asked, sitting down on the ground next to him.
“I work until eleven every night and I sometimes like to take walks to clear my head afterward. That’s what I was doing last night when I heard you singing.”
I cringed at the reminder and my cheeks heated, no doubt turning them to a deep shade of crimson. “And what is your reason tonight?” I asked, looking up at him through my lashes, still feeling a tad embarrassed.
He tossed the book he had been reading on the grass next to him. “I was hoping to see you.” And there went the cheeks again. When I heard his deep chuckle I glared at him, my brows raised in question. “You’re cute when you blush,” he explained.
I cleared my throat and opened my sketch pad, uncomfortable with his praise. “So, where do you work?” I asked, desperate for a subject change. I flipped to a clear page in my book and began to draw by the street light that glowed around us.
“Unicon,” was his only form of answer.
“What’s that?” I drew the outline of the swing set I heard creaking this afternoon, ignoring the chill that ran along my spine with the memory. Shortly after hearing the laughter, I realized I must have imagined the swing moving. It had to have been simply swaying with the breeze.
“It’s a factory out in the township,” he muttered absently. His voice was soft, but close. I lifted my head from the paper to see him leaning over, trying to get a glimpse of what I was drawing. I breathed in his earthy scent that made me think of the woods. “You’re really good.”
“Thanks,” I said, tucking a strand of hair that had fallen from my tail behind my ear.
“What did you do today?”
I glanced up at him, my hand hovering over the page. “I did some school work.”
His face washed with confusion, his hazel eyes glowing in the moonlight. “You went to school?”
I shook my head, the loose strand of hair coming loose again. “No. But the principal from my old school is sending me assignments to work on so I can finish off the year.” I went back to my drawing, doing the links of the chain and shading around the edges. I could feel the weight of his gaze as he watched me.
“Why didn’t you finish off the year before you moved?” he asked. “Did your mother get a job here or something?”
Clearly he wasn’t going to let me get my drawing done. I closed the sketch pad and tossed it onto the ground between us, making a swishing sound on the grass. He had asked this last night and although my reflex was to ignore the question like I had before, I decided to answer him. For some reason, I liked this guy that I barely knew. He made me feel—I don’t know—sane. And I hadn’t felt that way in weeks. “No, she works from home, she can work anywhere. Something …difficult happened and we just wanted to get away.” I was expecting him to accuse me of running like my friends at home had, but he didn’t say anything.
Instead he smiled, leaned back on the ground staring up at the sky, and asked, “What do you think that cloud looks like?” He pointed up at the barely visible puffs of gray. I could tell what he was doing. He knew that whatever the reason for my move, it wasn’t a good one and this was his way of taking my mind off of it. I smiled in appreciation and followed suit, lying on the cool grass next to him, gazing at the wispy shapes above us.
That was how we spent the rest of the night, until I got drowsy and it was time to say goodnight.




Chapter Five

A shrill ringing woke me from a very deep sleep. I had stayed out with Austin the night before until three a.m. Since I met him two weeks ago, I had begun to truly forget. I immersed myself in my school work by day and spent my nights meeting him in the park. We mostly talked about nothing important. He would tell me about the city and people that lived there, describing the more “colorful” residents that usually only came out at night. He said the main street downtown wasn’t dangerous, but you never knew what you would see. The last time we met he told me about a man he happened upon when he was walking home from work one night. He said the man had proclaimed himself a close personal friend of Jesus and thought that because of this he was entitled to a free sub at the sub shop. He was laughing as he told me the story.
When we weren’t talking, he would read while I drew in my sketch pad. We were becoming friends and didn’t always need to speak; we simply enjoyed each other’s company.
Now, I stretched my hand out to pound my clock radio, hoping to silence the alarm, but nothing happened. I sat up as the ringing continued, searching for the offending object that was making the sound. I spied my cell on the edge of my nightstand and was shocked to realize that it was ringing. How did that get there and who turned it on? Without thought, I reached out and hit talk. “Hello?” 
“Ave.” The voice was just as I remembered, both clear and soothing. It had always calmed me, no matter what the words…until that last night. My heart ached at the sound. “How are you?” There was desperation and longing in the voice, and it hurt me too much to hear it. 
Instead of answering I hung up, tossing the phone onto the floor. It bounced onto my throw rug, landing under my desk chair. As much as I yearned to, I couldn’t think of the person on the other end of the call let alone have a conversation. They were part of my old life and they didn’t belong in my new one, where I had made a fresh start. In this life I had no painful memories. All that awaited me here was hope for new adventures and experiences.
Still feeling shaken by the call I wondered how my cell got turned on. Had my mother come in while I slept? If so, why?
Determined to find the answer, I climbed out of bed and headed downstairs to investigate, but she wasn’t there.
There was a note on the breakfast bar telling me that she would be gone for the day. Our real estate agent had sold our old house and she needed to sign papers. And while she was in Renwood she was going to stop by and visit my grandparents. She had also added that she found my cell in my desk drawer and turned it on in case she needed to get a hold of me.
Forgetting about my phone, I focused instead on what she was doing in our old city and a pang of sadness crept into my chest. I hadn’t seen my grandparents in over a month and I missed them. But that didn’t change the fact that I wasn’t ready to go back yet. I wasn’t sure I ever would be.
After eating, I fell onto the couch in front of the TV with the quilt my great-grandmother on my mom’s side had made for me before she passed away.  I watched her make it when I was ten and remembered being amazed at how fast her fingers worked the needle and thread through the soft white material. She was in her late eighties, extremely frail, and not that much taller than I was. She was so thin from her last bout of breast cancer that it looked like a strong wind could knock her down. But she was a mad woman with that needle. It didn’t take her long to finish the quilt and when she did she handed it to me with a satisfied smile. As though even she was surprised at what she had accomplished. She died a few days later. My grandma said she probably would have passed sooner if she hadn’t been determined to finish that quilt off and give it to me. She had made quilts for all her granddaughters. I was the last one. 
I always brought the quilt out when I was feeling depressed. Snuggling into it, I could almost smell my grandmother`s perfume. The soft fabric and pretty floral design always seemed to comfort me, but today after my rude awakening, it wasn’t working. Finally, when I couldn’t take being cooped up any longer, I went to get my physics textbook and headed outside. I needed to start on the next assignment Mrs. Henderson had sent me, if for no other reason than to get my mind off the call. I was almost caught up on the assignments I had missed the week before moving and the weeks after, but I still had at least a month of school work to finish. The school year would soon be wrapping up—for everyone else, just not for me.
The sun was bright and hot with little to no breeze. Thankfully I was wearing my standard tank and a pair of faded jean shorts. I laid my grandma’s quilt on the grass in front of the monument, the blanket billowing out with the breeze. Being out in the park brought out memories of my nights with Austin and a smile automatically appeared on my lips. He took me away from my troubles and meeting with him every night was a break in the solitude I had been living since moving here. 
~~
“Why aren’t you in school?” asked a feminine voice right above me. I looked up into the almost black eyes of an Asian girl. She was smirking down at me where I lay with my textbook on my chest and yes, I had fallen asleep. I sat up rubbing my face. “Let me rephrase. Why are you sleeping at one in the afternoon on a school day? Are you ditching?”
I blinked at the girl as she tossed her book bag onto my blanket and sat down next to it, making herself comfy. “I’m...uh…finishing the year online.” I stopped to take in her appearance which could only be described as interesting. Her straight, silky black hair was shoulder length with a hot pink streak down the right side. She was wearing a tight black tee with the words “bite me” written across it, and a red and black plaid kilt with black knee-length motorcycle boots. The look was finished off with hot pink laces. “What’s your excuse?”
The grin that appeared brightened her whole face, making her dark eyes sparkle in the sun. “I felt like getting out of PE, so I told Mr. Hellman I had my period. He hates when us girls talk about our ‘lady problems.’” She said the last part with air quotes.
I couldn’t help but laugh at her words. It was something my best friend Serena would have done. I missed her and I knew she’d be upset at me for not returning any of the emails she’d been sending me. There were probably phone calls and texts as well, but since I`d had my phone turned off until today, I couldn’t be sure.
“Did you just move here? I’ve never seen you before.”
“Yeah, I moved a few weeks ago from New York state.”
“Oh, you’re an American?” Her voice turned flat, like there was something wrong with my nationality. 
“Is that a problem?”
She shrugged. “No,” was the only answer she gave me, although I couldn’t help but notice the smile had disappeared, replaced with a frown. “So,” she began, perking up again and leaning back on the blanket, looking incredibly comfortable imposing herself into my personal space. “What’s your name?”
“Avery Barnes. What’s yours?”
“Sophie Montgomery-James. I have two names because my moms couldn’t decide which last name I should have.”
“Your moms?” I asked, surprised by her answer, even though in this day and age, I shouldn’t be.
She propped her head up on her hand, her hair cascading over her arm like blue-black ink spilling out of a jar. “Yeah, they adopted me from Korea when I was a baby.”
“Are they married?” I couldn’t help but be curious. I had heard that gay marriage had been legal in Canada for quite some time, whereas in my own country it was more of a struggle for them. In some states it was legal, while in others it wasn’t and when a new senator was elected they would most likely change that law. My mother’s best friend in Renwood was gay, and before we moved had been keeping us up to date on her frustration.
Sophie nodded. “Yeah. They got married when I was a kid. I was the flower girl.” Her eyes were warm as she spoke. It was obvious that she loved her mothers and the memory made her happy. She reached over and grabbed my textbook. “What made you move here?”
I watched her scan through the pages quickly, like she was watching pictures moving in a flip book. She must not have liked what she saw since she grimaced and tossed the book onto the blanket with a thwack. The pages lay open, flapping in the breeze. “We just needed a change of scenery.” I couldn’t tell her the truth. The real story was locked away behind the indestructible dam in my mind.
Her mouth fell open. “So you moved to a different country?” Her voice was skeptical. I simply shrugged in answer. “That’s quite a change.”
“I don’t know,” I said pensively, glancing around our surroundings: the cars driving by on the streets, the people walking on the sidewalks, the path through the park. Even the houses were similar. “It doesn’t look that different from Renwood.”
Her brows rose in question. “That’s where you’re from?” she asked. I nodded, regretting my words instantly. My old city had become infamous and I knew I had opened a can of worms I wasn’t ready for. “Isn’t that where—?”
I cut off her next words. My heart couldn’t take the reminder. “What school do you go to?” I asked, louder than was needed. An old man walking a dog through the path glanced my way as if I was talking to him. When he saw that I wasn’t, he looked away.
Sophie eyed me curiously. It was clear that she knew I was trying to change the subject. “Limestone High.”
“Oh, I thought maybe you went to the Catholic school. I heard they had a uniform.” I looked down at her kilt, noticing the pin holding it together was pointing down.
She grinned. “No, this is not a uniform. I just like how it looks.” She paused as a little girl ran by squealing, waving frantically at a bubble floating in the air. Her mother was a few feet away holding a bottle of bubbles in one hand and a bubble wand in the other. She was smiling as she watched her child. Sophie ignored the girl and continued, “Are you planning to enroll in school here in the fall?”
“Yes. I guess I’ll be going to your school. What grade are you in?”
“Eleventh. You?”
“The same.”
“So we’ll be seniors together. Cool. I have a feeling that despite your heritage, we’ll be best friends.”
I narrowed my eyes at her. “What does that mean?”
She stood up and winked down at me. “Nothing. Have you met anyone else since you’ve been here?”
I gazed up at her, holding my hand above my eyes to block the glare. The sun shone above her head creating a golden aura around her body. “Uh…yeah. I have one friend. I met him here. But since I’ve only ventured as far as the park, that’s it.” I pointed across the street. “I live right there.”
She picked up her faded blue messenger bag and slung it over her shoulder. There was a skull pin stuck in the center of the bag’s flap. “Okay then, it’s settled, you’ll come with me Thursday night.”
“Where?”
“To Movies in the Square. They’re showing Grease.”
“What does that mean?” I asked, confused by her words and the way she had said them, like I was supposed to understand her.
She grinned. “You’ll see.” She took a few steps toward the street. “I’ll stop by your place at six. Don’t eat,” she commanded in a stern tone, pointing her finger at me.
I didn’t know this girl; should I really agree to hang out with someone I just met? Although, how was I supposed to make friends if I didn’t put myself out there and talk to people. Besides, this was Canada. Everyone here was polite and friendly. That was why we moved here. Finally making my decision, I nodded. “Sounds good.”
She stepped onto the nearly vacant road and then crossed the street. She turned suddenly, her expression gloomy. “I recognize you from TV, you know.” My heart froze in my chest, anticipating her next words. I was afraid of this. That was why my mom and I never watched the news. “You’re the survivor.” And just like that, the wall in my mind crumbled. She didn’t give me a chance to respond before she spun on her heel and disappeared behind a red brick apartment building.
Once she was gone, I rushed inside to have the breakdown I knew was about to come. But as I stood in my bathroom staring in the mirror, nothing happened. The wall must have been stronger than I thought.
After I was sure I wouldn’t fall apart, I headed downstairs to make myself a sandwich. When I finished, I went back outside to eat it. I lay on the blanket, munching the ham and cheese as I finished reading from my physics text. The heat from the sun warmed the back of my legs, while I hovered over my notebook doing the review work. Just as I finished the last question I noticed someone walking by me. I glanced up and gazed into the green eyes of the guy that was watching me the day I moved here and almost every day since. He smiled down at me and continued down the walkway to the road, the sun gleaming off his sandy hair like a halo. I found myself watching him until he was out of sight, thinking of his emerald eyes.
When I finished my work, I went inside to make dinner.
My mom came home just as I was draining the spaghetti. “How did it go?” I asked, pulling two plates from the cupboard above me.
She smiled sadly and shrugged, a piece of her hair falling over her shoulder. “It went fine. We got the asking price.”
I held the plates against my chest and studied her. She was wearing a bright summer dress and her hair was down, but pulled back at the top. Her eyes were dull and her mouth was lined at the corners. Her purse that was slung over her shoulder looked like it weighed a ton. “Then why do you look so sad?”
She tossed her purse onto the table and fell into a kitchen chair with a haggard sigh. “I’m just sad to see the house go.” Her voice was raspy, as if she was fighting tears. I swallowed my own lump that had formed in my throat. “There are so many memories of your dad there.” She didn’t talk about him often, so I paid attention when she did, desperate for memories of a father I barely knew. Since he died when I was so young, there were only a few images that formed when I thought of him and they could have been from stories my mother had told me. I could never know for sure.
“How were Grandma and Grandpa?” I asked, hoping to change the subject.
She smiled warmly. “They’re great. But they miss us.” A frown replaced her smile. I hated seeing her sad.
“Are you okay, Mom?” I asked softly.
She reached out and took my hand, giving it a squeeze. Her hand was warm, like she`d been holding something tightly. I pictured her driving home by herself, depressed after the sale of the house, gripping the steering wheel to stop any tears. “I’m okay and by tomorrow I’ll be back to normal.”
“Do you regret moving?” I hoped the answer was no, because now that I had made a couple of friends, I wasn’t ready to leave. I felt at peace most of the time and I didn’t want to give that up.
She shook her head and dropped my hand. “No, of course not. I really like it here. But it’s normal to miss the people we left behind. Have you talked to any of your friends since we’ve been here?”
I turned away and placed the plates on the counter. “No.” I was expecting an argument, but when I peeked up at her she just looked tired.
“What smells so good?”
“Spaghetti. Sit down and I’ll dish it out.”
While we ate dinner she told me about her visit with her parents and she gave me a gift that Grams had sent for me. When I opened it I felt my eyes burn with the threat of tears. It was an angel. Ever since my dad died, Grams had always told me not to be sad because my dad was with the angels watching over me. I had dozens of them in various shapes and sizes still packed away in a box in my closet. I hadn’t finished unpacking my room. Everything I needed was out but, in my fear of bringing old memories into my new life I had left everything else packed away. This gift was different though; it was new and had never been in my old bedroom. “I love it.” My voice came out in a ragged whisper.
My mom only smiled before taking the last bite of her dinner. “Why don’t I clean up while you go finish your school work?”
I had told her during dinner that I hadn’t finished my reading for English. After putting my dishes away, I kissed her on the cheek and headed upstairs.
It wasn’t until I was in my room alone finding the perfect spot for my angel that Sophie’s words came back to me. I allowed a single tear to fall and then pushed it and the thoughts away. I had reading to do.

Chapter Six
Once Mom announced she was heading to bed early that night, I slipped into a pair of yoga pants and a fitted tee. Grabbing my sketch pad, iPod, and blanket, I snuck downstairs and out the door. Since it was still early, I drew in my sketch book as I watched the occasional person walking by the park. I couldn’t help but notice as the sun went down, the park became more and more deserted and with the darkness of night, there was no one around but me. 
Austin showed up a few minutes after midnight wearing jeans and a T-shirt; this one was white. I had noticed over the last few weeks that his wardrobe was limited to ratty jeans and plain T-shirts. But who was I to judge, all I had been wearing lately was cut-off jean shorts and tank tops. Tonight was the first night I had drifted away from my usual wardrobe.
“Hi,” I said softly.  
He smirked down at me, his hazel eyes appearing black in the darkness. “Have you been waiting long?”
I closed my sketchbook and tossed it onto my blanket, tucking the pencil in the pages. “I’ve been out here for a while, but that’s okay, it’s not like I have anything else to do.”
His brow rose as he sat down next to me, his scuffed boots leaving tracks of dirt along my grandmother’s white blanket. I had washed it a few times since I started bringing it to the park, and apparently it was that time again. “Still haven’t made any friends?”
I crossed my legs in front of me, absently playing with the pages of my book. “I did actually. I met a girl named Sophie today and she asked me to go to something called Movies in the Square, Thursday night.”
“I’ve never heard of it. But I hope you have fun.”
I smiled at him, knowing that probably wouldn’t happen. The idea of fun was a foreign concept to me. I didn’t remember the last time it happened. I enjoyed spending time with Austin, but all we did was talk and sit around a park for hours. There was no risk of fun in that. “No book tonight?” I asked, hoping to steer the conversation away from my boring life. He usually brought a different book every few nights. And with him reading I was able to draw, which I liked to do at night. The darkness changed the looks of everything, making the same objects I drew during the day look entirely different, not just darker, but almost gloomy.
He winced visibly. “No, sorry. I forgot. But maybe we can talk instead.” He leaned back, his hands resting on the blanket behind him.
Wringing my hands together on my lap, I asked, “What do you want to talk about?”
“You. Tell me about yourself. We’ve spent every night together for the last two weeks and all I know about you is that you like to draw and that you and your mom moved here to get away from something.”
I frowned. This wasn’t a subject I was comfortable with. There was more of a chance to open wounds I wanted to keep closed. After what Sophie said, I felt vulnerable. “What do you want to know?”
“Anything. Do you live with just your mother, or do you have any siblings?”
“No siblings, it’s just me and my mom. My dad died when I was three.”
His face softened with sympathy. “I’m sorry.”
I waved his comment away. “It’s fine. I don’t really remember him. But I feel sad for my mom. She signed the papers from the sale of our home where she lived with him today.”
“How did she take it?”
“It was her idea to move, but I know it was hard on her. She has a lot of memories of him there.”
There was a pause as he glanced down at the ground as if he couldn’t think of anything else to say. His eyes wandered to the sketchbook that lay on the blanket between us, the soft breeze ruffling the pages. “May I?” he asked hesitantly. Ever since I freaked out on him that first night, he hadn’t mentioned the book or asked to see my drawings, even though he watched me sketch every night. 
I nodded gravely, knowing what it could mean.
He looked at me once more before sifting through it, stopping when he reached the pages I wanted to keep to myself. These were the drawings he looked at the night I ripped the book out of his grasp. It was an urge I was feeling at that very moment, but for some reason I fought it. The drawings were of my old classmates—the ones I left without saying goodbye to.
Very slowly, with a thoughtful look on his face, he scanned the image in front of him and then after a minute or two he turned the page to the next one. I held my breath as he flipped through the book quietly. Finally he reached the end and dropped it between us again, falling open. Suzie’s penetrating eyes stared up into the night sky. Austin didn’t say a word as he gazed at me. “What happened to them?” His eyes held a look of horror and sympathy. I picked up the book that lay open in the center and flipped through the pages of my classmates’ before and after sketches. I had started them the night I moved here when I couldn’t sleep. It was a kind of therapy for me, even though I knew it was morbid. But drawing their white lifeless faces helped remove them from my mind by transferring them onto the page. I had been haunted by their bloody images since the day it happened. And the only way I was able to get them out of my mind enough to sleep was to draw them, and not just as I had known them, I found myself drawing their broken bodies as well.
I stared down at my friend’s deadly drawing and felt the familiar sting in my eyes. But no tears fell. We weren’t exactly best friends and didn’t really hang out outside of class, but in first period English she was the one I talked to. She sat next to me every day.
“Avery.” Austin’s voice was soft.
I cleared my throat and opened my mouth, forcing the words to form. “They were killed.” My voice was shaky and barely a whisper.
“How?”
Again, I cleared my throat, pushing the barrier back just a little. The crack that had started after what Sophie said was allowing these words to flow and I wasn’t able to stop them. “A fellow classmate killed them.”
Austin gasped and from the corner of my eye I could see his face turn ashen white. “Why?”
I opened my mouth, but the barrier was up again. I couldn’t say any more. The emotions were just too overwhelming. I wasn’t equipped to deal with it. I was surprised that I had told him that much. “Um…” A hot tear threatened to fall. I brushed it away before it could drop and burn my skin. “I can’t talk about it right now.” My breathing turned ragged, and my throat ached.
Austin opened his mouth to say something else but instead he closed it, squeezing his lips tight. “That’s all right. You don’t have to say any more.” He lay down onto my grandmother’s blanket and assumed our favorite position. “What do you think the clouds look like tonight?”
My lips curled up in a smile, something I didn’t think was possible after what I had just spoken out loud. For some unknown reason, I found myself nodding my head, lying down next to him and staring up at the vast sky, thankful to have him for a friend. We had only known each other for a few weeks and even though he said he didn’t know much about me, he knew how to make me feel better, how to take my mind off of my troubles. With his easygoing shift in topics, he had made me see that maybe the world wouldn’t end if I talked about it. Maybe life would go on; my burden could be lighter. And maybe someday, I could tell him the truth.
We stayed like that for hours just chatting and joking over nothing, but when my eyes began to drift closed I decided to call it a night. When we parted ways, making promises to meet again the next night, I gathered my stuff and headed home. As I crossed the road I could have sworn I heard soft sobbing. I spun around looking for the source, but the park was empty as I knew it would be; even Austin was gone. Despite knowing there had to be a logical explanation for the sound, I rushed to my driveway and into my house with my heart racing. 
“Hey, Avery.” I heard Suzanna’s bright voice next to me and I lifted my head from my sketch pad. I had been drawing Miss Adams’ messy desk, concentrating on the row of cow figurines that crossed the entire width of it.
“Hey, Suz, how was your night?” It was a question I asked her every day. We weren’t close friends, but had attended the same school since kindergarten.
She grinned as she plopped down at her desk next to me. “Oh, this one’s a keeper, so sweet, dimples to die for and a body that just wouldn’t quit.” She always used the same words to describe each guy she dated, except the dimples were new. “A shame I’ll never see him again.” 
That was surprising. She always believed that each guy was the one she would marry, although she was always disappointed and within a week was on to a new one. Suzanna was a serial dater, but not at all in a slutty way. Each one would be lucky if they got a goodnight kiss. No, she was searching for “the one” and had yet to find him. She was too nice to hurt them either. She always let them down easy and her heart was too big for anyone to ever get angry at her.
I dropped my pencil and sat up, focusing on her. She was smiling as usual. The sunny yellow dress she was wearing was a sharp contrast to her black hair and her sapphire eyes. “Why won’t you see him again?” I asked as a few other kids ambled in and took their seats around us. The scrapes of the chairs and squeaking of sneakers against the linoleum echoed throughout the room.
Her grin widened. “Because, I’m dead, silly.” As she spoke, a line of blood trickled from her forehead, dripping onto her pretty yellow dress. I glanced up to see a perfectly round hole in the center of her head that hadn’t been there a second ago. As I stared at it, it filled with blood. More of the crimson liquid dripped down her face and onto her desk, until a pile filled the center of the oak surface.
Horror filled me and I spun around the room in a panic. All my classmates were bleeding as they stared at me. When I opened my mouth to scream, I heard Suzanna’s melodic voice whisper, “You should have saved us.”
I jolted up in bed, in a cold sweat; my breathing was shallow and raspy and my chest ached like someone had stabbed me right through the heart. Why wouldn’t the dreams leave me alone? I thought that once I started the drawings that they would go away, not get worse. Was this because I hadn’t talked about it? Did I need to get the words out physically before the memories would let me be? Still shaky from the dream, I crawled out of bed right into the shower, hoping to wash away the gloominess that had begun to slither its way into my mind. The hot spray woke me up, but did nothing to ease the dark mood the dream had created.
I thought I was doing better.
I took my time before heading down the stairs. I made my bed, brushed my teeth, and even dried and styled my hair. I didn’t do it because I was going anywhere. My night out with Sophie wasn’t until tomorrow, but I wanted to drag out the morning, hoping to clear the images of my dream before seeing my mom. I was afraid she would know something was wrong and insist I see a shrink. So far she had only suggested, but I knew someday that could change. All I needed was another breakdown before she would pick up the phone. For that reason, I needed to keep my emotions in check. 
Once I felt calm enough, I headed downstairs—to an empty kitchen. I didn’t need to worry. She was already upstairs working and I probably wouldn’t see her for hours.
Thankful for the reprieve, I decided to make myself a big breakfast. I couldn’t remember the last time I had eggs and bacon. Smiling with relief as I opened the fridge door, seeing all the ingredients I needed, I got to work.
It wasn’t until I was sitting down at the breakfast bar, piece of bacon in hand, that my mom made an appearance. “Mmmm. That smells so good. Can I steal some?” Mom asked. She was a mess, as she always was when she was wrapped up in a project. She was wearing cut-off track pants, and a ratty white tank. Her hair was up in a ponytail that had fallen loose and was lopsided, stuck to the side of her head.  I had a feeling she had been at her work for a lot longer than the few hours of the morning. She must have woken in the middle of the night with inspiration. I hoped I was already in bed. I really didn’t want her to catch me coming in at two in the morning. I enjoyed my nights with Austin and I didn’t want them to stop. And this would only happen if my mom remained in the dark.
“I made you a plate just in case you came down.” I nodded to the counter near the sink where a plate was heaped with scrambled eggs, toast, and bacon.
She followed my gaze, her face lighting up at the sight. “Thanks, honey! I really appreciate it. I’ve been up for hours. I just couldn’t stop.”
I finished my food listening to an oldies station my mom found on the radio, and when I was finished, I headed upstairs to get to work.
~~
Since I started my schoolwork late, I didn’t finish until dinner time. I knew Mom wouldn’t be coming out of her office anytime soon so I headed back downstairs to see what I could find in the fridge.
I was surprised to see her in the kitchen and even more so when she pulled open the oven door to expose the dish she pulled out. Cannelloni. She hadn’t made it when she promised; getting swamped with new clients always made her stressed and when that happened I was on my own. That was okay though; there were lots of take-out restaurants around. But after her early morning, not to mention her appearance, I was shocked to see it now. “Wow!” I exclaimed. “I thought you were still in your office.”
“No. I finished the cover an hour ago. I needed a break so I decided to make good on that promise I made.”
“I’m glad you did. It smells awesome.” I took a seat at the table and picked up a fork, ready to eat.
“Enjoy,” she said as she placed a plate in front of me. 
During dinner she told me about the book she had just done the cover for, and explained how difficult it was to do, but also how rewarding when she finished it. I barely listened. The food was so good, and it had been so long since she’d made it, my attention was on my plate.
I was staring at the noodle on my fork when she asked, “I heard your cell phone ringing a few times today.” I glanced up at her through my lashes, the fork with the noodle still hovering in the air in front of me. I simply nodded, not wanting to discuss it. “Why won’t you answer it? I assume it’s your friends.”
I nodded again, and finally took the bite. She stared at me for a few seconds before sighing. “Are you ever going to talk to them?”
I glared at her while I chewed my food.
“Fine,” she huffed. “I’ll drop it.” Thankfully, she dug into her own food and we finished our meal in awkward silence.
The truth was, only one person had been calling ever since she turned my phone back on. My friends had taken the hint and were only messaging me through email. My cell was still under my desk. I hadn’t touched it since I had thrown it there the day before. When it rang I tuned it out. The battery would die eventually and I wouldn’t have to worry about it.
~~
I was a little late meeting Austin. I had fallen asleep watching a movie and didn’t wake up until after midnight.
But a few minutes after we started talking I wished I had stayed asleep.
 “Do you feel like telling me more about it?” he asked after I told him how my day went. I knew he wasn’t talking about my school work. I had dropped a bomb on him last night and he was expecting more of an explanation. I knew it was too good to be true when he let it go so easily last night.
I took a deep breath. On one hand I was craving to get it off my chest. But on the other, I feared that by speaking of it, it would break the dam I had built and I wouldn’t be able to push the images back. I wanted to forget. But would I ever be able to run from what happened? The truth was, I would be dead as well if it wasn’t for Caleb Nichols. He’d broken up with me just the night before and because I was upset I was running late the next morning and I wasn’t with my class when it happened. Who knew that what Caleb did would save my life?
There were twenty-six students in my first period English class and if you count my teacher Miss Adams, twenty-seven people shared that room during the first hour every day. On that particular Friday morning, twenty-six people died. Joey Emerson woke up and decided he didn’t want to live anymore. That was a tragedy in itself, but he also decided to take some of his peers with him. In the matter of ten minutes, all of my classmates and teacher, along with Joey Emerson, were dead. He had taken his father’s gun and hid it inside his backpack. The only member of the class that survived was me—because of Caleb Nichols.
Saying everything out loud made it real. Yes, people in Kingston knew about the shootings, but until you lived in a community where it happens there is no describing it. The whole town was in mourning; there was so much sorrow I was suffocated by it.
“Basically everyone died but me,” I answered flatly.
“How did you survive?”
I shrugged. “I wasn’t there.” I paused as my throat burned with the threat of tears. “I wasn’t there when they needed me.” I fought the tears that threatened to fall. I didn’t deserve to cry. I had failed them. 
Austin reached out and touched my leg. His face was clouded with sympathy and his touch was soft and gentle. “You do know it wasn’t your fault, right?”
And there they were; the words I knew he would say. Everyone did. But unfortunately, I knew it wasn’t true. I wasn’t there and I should have been. What if I had been and noticed the gun? I could have done something to stop it. What if I’d been nicer to Joey? He might not have been depressed enough to do what he did. What if I had died with them? I wouldn’t feel the overwhelming pain that constantly threatened to choke me. 
I had no answers to the questions that replayed in my mind. All I had were a bunch of what ifs. And what good did they do?
Instead of answering, I simply nodded my head and wiped my eyes before the tears fell. That was enough sharing for one night. Pushing back the memories and emotions behind the wall, I regained my composure, slipping it on like a mask. “So tell me about you. Do you still live with your family?”
His hazel eyes crinkled at the corners as he studied me and then after a few seconds, he answered. “No, I moved out a few months ago.”
“Do you have roommates?”
His brow wrinkled in the center. “Uh…no.”
His voice sounded odd, and for a second I thought he didn’t understand my question. So I asked him another one. “Do you have any siblings?” I enjoyed our conversation a lot more when it wasn’t focused on me.
“An older brother and a younger sister.”
“Cool. What do you do for fun?”
His lips widened in a smile. “I run.”
“You run,” I repeated, not understanding how that could possibly be considered fun.
He nodded. “Yeah, it makes me feel free. I love to feel the power in my legs and the wind rushing over me. It’s the closest thing to flying we humans have.”
“I’ll take your word for it.”
He chuckled and reached out to take my hand. His palm was cold, but his skin was smooth. “I’m glad I didn’t…” He froze, the words he was about to say falling away. His eyes widened with what I could only describe as terror. But in a flash, the look was replaced with warmth. “I’m glad I met you.”
My heart clutched in my chest. It was strange to feel this comfortable with someone I had only known a few weeks and even more strange that I had begun to open up to him. But I didn’t fight the feeling. I needed some enjoyment out of life and it was time to stop dwelling on the past. Although I knew that was easier said than done. It was hard to stop fixating on it when the memories haunted my every thought.
~~
The sound of low, soul-wrenching sobs woke me. I sat up and grimaced when I realized I was still in the park, lying on my blanket. The ground was hard beneath me and my muscles ached with every movement. Austin was nowhere to be found. The only evidence that he had been there was the wrinkled spot on the blanket. Why would he just leave without waking me? I felt exposed and unguarded, sleeping in public at night. Anything could have happened. For the first time since I met him, I was a little annoyed,
As I stood up to fold the blanket, I heard the soft sobbing again. My gaze followed the sound to the swing set, where a young girl in an old-fashioned black dress and ratty brown waist-length hair was bent over, clutching her stomach. “Are you okay?” I called out.
She looked up at me; her dark eyes were hollow pools of sorrow that I could see even at a distance. Her intense gaze sent shivers along my skin, but she was crying, I had to see what was wrong. As I moved forward, her image shuddered …and then…disappeared. 
A chill slithered up my spine as fear threatened to choke me. Was I seeing things? Was I going crazy? I took a step toward the road with the blanket clutched in my arms. The sorrowful sound of sobs froze me in my tracks. I peered over at the swings, expecting to see the girl again, but she was nowhere in sight. I spun around and jumped back—the girl was standing in front of me, her face was twisted in pain and hatred. She opened her mouth and a horrible screeching howl rang out. I held my hands to my ears, the sound was so awful.
Distracted by the mind-numbing noise, I barely noticed her fly toward me. As she shot closer all the air inside me was somehow being sucked out. She was choking me without a single touch. My hands tugged at my throat where it felt like a rope was tightening around it, but alas, I only felt skin. The girl’s intense gaze was locked on mine, and the howling was almost as painful as the invisible rope that was sucking out all of my air. The sound grew louder, more agonizing, echoing through the trees and all around me. When I felt my life slipping away, I felt a powerful urge to say goodbye to my mom. With this thought in mind, I forced my legs to move. I bolted around the girl, and that movement somehow jolted her out of whatever she was doing to me. The grip she had on my neck ceased instantly and the agonizing sound disappeared. Gasping for breath, I spun around to see what she was doing…but she was gone. The park was once again empty, not a soul was there.
I took off in a run with my heart in my throat, terror gripping it so hard I thought it was going to stop beating.
When I made it to my house I swung the door open and barreled inside. I slammed the door behind me and leaned against it, locking it with a loud click that echoed in the otherwise quiet house. I couldn’t catch my breath and I was shaking. Fear had slipped over me like a heavy suit. I couldn’t shake it and being in my home wasn’t good enough to get the coldness that had seeped into my skin from leaving. I rushed up the stairs and closed my window, locking it before closing the dark curtains. I turned on my light and crawled into bed, my hands still trembling. I left the light on all night and only fell asleep once the sun came up.




Chapter Seven
“Are you still asleep, Avery?” My mom’s voice was right outside my bedroom door and as I lifted my heavy eyelids, I saw the doorknob turn. I felt weak with fatigue and as the sleepiness receded from my brain, I suddenly remembered why. I couldn’t sleep after what happened in the park. Although in the light of day, I couldn’t help feel that maybe it I had imagined the girl. After all, I had just woken up after falling asleep outside. And with my constant thoughts of the death of my classmates I must have imagined a ghost.
The door swung open and my mom stepped into my room, the smell of her gardenia perfume wafting in with her. Her dark hair was up in a tail and she was wearing khaki shorts and a sleeveless blouse. “Honey, shouldn’t you be doing your school work?”
I leaned up on my elbow, still squinting at the light shining through the window. “I will. I’m just tired this morning because I couldn’t sleep last night—” I froze. The words I was about to say vanished from my mind. Something was wrong. “Mom…” I began hesitantly, the fear from last night returning with a slow simmer inside me. “Did you open my curtains this morning?”
Her forehead crinkled with confusion, her gaze moving to the window, where my royal blue curtains lay wide open. You could see the branches of the trees in the park across the street swaying with the wind. “No. I haven’t been in here until now. Do you realize it’s eleven thirty? Are you going to sleep all day?”
The simmering fear changed to a fiery burn spreading through my veins. If my mother didn’t open the curtains, then who did? “Um…I will.” I swallowed loudly, sitting up in bed, leaning away from the window, as if something was about to jump through it. “I just have to have a shower to wake up.”
Her face darkened as she studied me, just now noticing my distress. “Did you have a bad dream?” I knew she was worried that the nightmares of the shootings were back. I had told her they had stopped the night before we moved to Kingston when she threatened to call a shrink. She couldn’t know I was still having them and it was a relief to be honest for once. Because this time, I didn’t have a dream, I didn’t sleep for a whole other reason. Not that I would tell her why. She wanted me to get help for dreaming about a terrible tragedy that had occurred at my school, what would she say if I told her I might or might not have seen a ghost? I’d be locked up in a loony bin for sure. 
I smiled, hoping to reassure her. The gesture seemed too forced to me, but hopefully she wouldn’t notice. “No, I just watched a horror movie and it freaked me out.” At least the part about being freaked out was true.
“Good.” She smiled. “I’m heading out to do some errands. I’ll be back soon.”
My evening plans popped in my mind. I had forgotten to tell her last night. “Hey, Mom. Could you get some money out of my account today? I’m going out tonight with a girl I met yesterday and I don’t have any Canadian money.” It was truly shocking that I had lived there for almost a month and hadn’t needed any cash. It was another sign of my self-inflicted isolation. 
Her eyes widened with surprise. “You did?”
“Yeah, her name is Sophie and she’s taking me to the Movies in the Square.” I still didn’t know exactly what that meant. I had been meaning to look it up online, but with everything that happened since I met her it slipped my mind.
“Ohh, I heard about that on the radio. They’re playing Grease, right?”
I nodded, pushing the covers off of me as I sat up.
“Sure. I’ll get the money for you.” She walked toward the door and stopped. “And honey,” she said over her shoulder, “I’m glad you’re finally getting out.” Her face beamed with pride as it had when I decided to start my school work, like I had just accomplished a great feat, instead of something as mundane as going out with a friend. She hadn’t always been so excited over everything I did, but I guess after living with a depressed and secluded teen for a month, it didn’t take much to make her happy. 
Even though my weeks of solitude were self-imposed, I craved the company of others. I just didn’t know it until I met Sophie. Sure I had Austin, but he was a guy. Guys were not the same as girls when it came to friendship. “Me too.”
She winked before closing the door behind her. The empty cork board I had put up when we first moved in, but had yet to stick anything on, rattled as the door clicked shut.
The conversation with my mother, plus the anticipation of the night ahead of me, distracted me from the fear that had returned when I woke up. 
~~
After my shower and changing into a T-shirt and shorts, I went out onto the front porch with my books in hand. I stood on the edge of the steps gazing across the road at the park, feeling apprehensive of what had happened there. It looked as it did every morning. The sun was out and—except for the occasional clouds that slipped through the sky—was shining brightly above, making everything, the trees and play equipment, almost glow in the sunlight. There were a few parents and young children out, and lots of traffic on the roads, but for obvious reasons, the grounds appeared darker despite the sunny day; it was almost sinister to me. Everything appeared business as usual, but I knew differently. Even if I had imagined the whole thing, I wasn’t sure I could look at the park the same as I had just yesterday. 
But the problem was, I didn’t want to feel this way. I loved my place at the park, where I could lay out my blanket and spend the whole day if I wanted to. It was my spot. I couldn’t let that slip away. Besides, the only logical explanation was that I had imagined the girl; after all, I had just woken up. Unfortunately, that didn’t explain the curtains, unless I opened them but was just too tired to remember. I did sleepwalk when I was younger, and after all I had been through, it could be happening again. That had to be it, because I didn’t think I could handle any other explanation.
It was hard to focus on the physics assignment before me; my eyes kept shifting to the park and my favorite spot by the monument. I would normally have done my work there but even explaining away my fear, I was still a little leery.
I stayed on the porch, enjoying the fresh air and the fact that I was working on a patio table instead of the ground. I could have stayed in the house, but I relished the sights and sounds of the people around me. I had hidden myself away from the rest of the world because I was consumed with guilt and grief, but I needed to get out and live. I knew that, it was just easier said than done.
My mom came home a few hours later with a trunk full of grocery bags. After I helped her carry them in, she told me about the store and how she met a woman that knew of a book club she was going to join. I was happy that she was getting involved here as well, especially since I was leaving soon to head out with Sophie.
~~
I was just checking myself out in the mirror when there was a knock at the door. I had chosen strategically ripped jean shorts and a blue and white striped one shoulder top. And because of the heat I wore my black hair up in a messy bun. Although with my thick curly hair, any bun I tried was always messy.
“Hi,” I said as I pulled the door open.
Sophie was wearing a sleeveless, shimmery black top covered in skulls and a jean skirt that was frayed at the bottom. Her almost black eyes were highlighted with blue glittery eye shadow. Her pink streak was twisted in a thin braid. “Hey. Are you ready?”
I nodded, sticking my hand in my front pocket to make sure the forty dollars I had stuck inside was still there. “Yep. All set.”
I stepped onto the porch beside her when my mom called out. “Do you have your cell phone, Avery?” She was in the kitchen putting away the dinner dishes. The sound of the plates clinking together drifted outside. When I held up my cell and waved it in the air, she smiled. “Good, don’t stay out too late.” I had finally picked up my phone off of the floor knowing Mom would want me to have it since I’d be out in an unfamiliar city. I kept it off while I charged it and only turned it back on when I was finished getting ready.
“We won’t, Mrs. Barnes,” Sophie responded, leaning her head through the doorway elbowing me in the process. 
I took the hint. “Oh, Mom. I’m sorry, this is Sophie, and Sophie this is my mom, Caroline.”
“Nice to meet you, Sophie. How did you two meet?” Mom asked, stepping closer to the door, folding her arms in front of her.
“I was on my way home from school when I saw her in the park. I asked her why she wasn’t in school.”
“Do you live around here?”
“Yeah, just a few streets over.” 
“We should get going, Mom,” I interrupted, feeling anxious about the night and prolonging it was just making it worse. After saying our goodbyes we headed outside.
 “So, where are we going?” I asked after closing the door behind us and following her to a small blue station wagon parked behind my mom’s silver SUV.
“Downtown.”
I glanced around, confused. Weren’t we downtown, or at least close? Although, when Mom and I had ventured down there we had taken the car too. “Isn’t that walking distance?”
“It depends where you’re going.” She scrunched up her face. “It’s not far to Princess Street from here, but we’re going to the waterfront, and I’m not wearing the right shoes for that long of a walk.” I looked down at her feet and sure enough she was wearing scuffed, black platform combat boots.
I gazed down at my own black flip-flops and frowned. Besides the crystals covering the straps they were pretty plain.
“You’re fine. I know I’ll be regretting these, but hey, who cares. They look good.” She climbed into the car and turned the ignition.
I paused for a second taking in the sights around me, the pink sky on the horizon promising another sunny day tomorrow, the gentle wind fluttering through the trees and the slight hint of honeysuckle that permeated the air. The voices of people going for walks and playing in the park carried on the breeze. Summer was almost here, and I couldn’t help but feel a twinge of excitement. I had always loved this time of year, when the plants were just coming back to life and the rest of us said goodbye to winter, feeling like we were coming out of hibernation.
Unfortunately the feeling was met with guilt, as it always did when I felt even the tiniest bit happy. Shaking away the conflicting feelings, I followed Sophie, climbing into the passenger seat, and asked, “Is this your car?” The inside was relatively clean with only her purse lying on the floor at my feet, her hot pink cell phone peeking out of the opening.
“No, my mom loaned it to me.” She backed out of my driveway and onto the street. “They offered to help me buy one of my own, but my school and job are only a few blocks away so I didn’t see the point.”
“Where do you work?”
“The frozen yogurt shop on Princess,” she explained as she turned the corner.
“Up there on the corner?” I asked, pointing ahead of me, remembering passing a yogurt shop last time I went to dinner with Mom.
She nodded. “That’s the one.”
Sophie leaned over and turned on the radio. A dance song came on and she bobbed her head in time with the music. “Are we meeting anyone, or is it just you and me?” I asked after a short stretch of silence.
“My friend Courtney and her boyfriend are meeting us there.” I couldn’t help but notice the sour face she made when she mentioned the boyfriend.
“You don’t like him?”
“I do. I’ve known him since kindergarten. It’s her that’s been annoying me. Since they started dating, she kind of dropped me. I’ve been spending a lot of time alone because she’s always with him.” She turned onto the busy main street and waved her hand at me. “Thank God for you. We’re going to be best friends, you know.” She smiled over at me.
Despite the contentment that spread through me at the thought of having a friend again, I couldn’t help but feel a twinge of apprehension. Having a best friend meant opening up, and I wasn’t prepared for that. She already knew who I was; it would only be a matter of time before she asked me about it. “Even though I’m an American?” I asked, trying to push away my anxiety.
She shrugged a shoulder and smiled. “I’ll overlook that.”
I couldn’t help but laugh. “Do you not like Americans?”
She shrugged, her eyes focused on the road ahead. “I wouldn’t say that.”
“What would you say?”
“Well…” She hesitated, stopping at a red light and finally turning in my direction. “Sometimes it seems that you guys make fun of us a little too much, at least on TV.”
That was true; I loved a good Canadian eh joke. “Yeah, but a lot of them are funny.” I hadn’t meant to say that, it just sort of slipped out.
She glared at me and I thought I might have hurt her feelings…until she cracked a grin. “I don’t know what you’re talking aboot, eh.” Her voice had turned deeper and a tad dumber.
At first I didn’t know what she meant until I remembered watching a skit on a variety show, making fun of the way Canadians talk and the girl on the show had said aboot instead of about. I laughed, louder and longer than I had in a long time. She joined in when the light turned green and then pulled back into traffic.
“You know we don’t talk like that, right?” she said when we grew quiet. Her voice still held an edge of laughter.
“I know. I’ve lived here for a month now.” I glanced out the window, gazing at the busy streets as we passed, watching a woman dragging her little boy down the sidewalk. He was screaming the whole way. The woman’s face was pinched with irritation. “Besides, I went to Niagara Falls with my mom when I was ten. Everyone there talked the same as we did.”
“Oh really?” she said. I nodded. “I’ve never been.”
When I looked surprised, she rolled her eyes. “Have you been to the Grand Canyon?”
“No.” It was one of the places Mom and I always wanted to travel to on one of our road trips but had yet to attempt. It was a long drive for a few measly minutes of sightseeing.
 “Then why are you so surprised that I haven’t been to Niagara Falls?”
I smiled. “Good point.” The music turned to a slow song and Sophie started humming just as she turned into a multi-level parking garage. “You should go sometime though. It was beautiful and a lot of fun.”
She shrugged, taking the parking ticket from the machine. “My moms don’t travel often.”
 “Is there anything else about us Americans you don’t like?” I asked when we fell silent. Sophie was circling the levels searching for a spot, and I was at a loss for something to say. For some reason, I was feeling a little shy. I had never been before, but had never needed to be. I’d had the same friends since I was a kid, and the only guy I ever dated had pursued me persistently until I finally gave in, making it hard to be shy.
As Sophie pulled into a spot, she turned to me. “You all seem rude.” The “you” she was referring to were all Americans.
 “Based on what?” I asked, undoing my seatbelt.
She turned off the ignition and followed suit. She shrugged her shoulders. “TV. Especially New Yorkers.”
 “Well, we thought you lived in igloos.” I glanced out over the concrete barrier of the parking lot, into the busy street where pedestrians were rushing up and down the sidewalks wearing shorts and T-shirts under the bright hot sun. “I guess we were both wrong.”
Her dark eyes flashed with laughter. “I guess we were,” she said with a bright smile, opening up her door and stepping out. 
Since it was dark inside the lot, I pulled my sunglasses up onto my head. We headed to a stairwell that led us back down to the main level.
“Have you been out much since you’ve been here?” she asked as the sun’s rays shone down on us once again once we stepped out of the parking garage.
“Only to dinner with my mom.” I pulled my sunglasses back over my eyes. It was a shield between me and the unfamiliar people of Kingston.
She nodded, her face filled with purpose. “Okay then. I’m taking you under my wing. I’ll show you the ropes. The best places to eat, the best places to hang out and most importantly, where to shop.”
I was starting to like her more and more. She was a cross between a funky teen and a tour guide. And as if she read my mind, she pointed out a few places as we strolled by, explaining what the buildings were.
She led me toward a crosswalk and down the street until she turned right. “Where are we going?” I asked, glancing around my surroundings. We were in an alley, made not of cement like I was used to, but of cobblestone. The whole area was actually quite interesting. I was glancing around and didn’t realize I had slowed until Sophie called my name. I looked over at her, where she was standing in front of a restaurant patio filled with patrons eating, drinking, and talking loudly.
“Haven’t you ever seen an alley before?” she asked, her eyes sparkling with amusement as I caught up to her.
“Not like this,” I mumbled. Where were the garbage and rats?
She grinned knowingly. “Come on, I’m taking you to the best pizza place.”
I followed her out and back and across the street.
“I’ve been here,” I informed her when she pushed into the tiny restaurant Mom and I had gone on the night we moved to our new house. The pizza was good, but I couldn’t say it was the best. That would be Slice’s. It was a block away from my house and I used to go there all the time.
A brow cocked over her left eye. “Did you have the pizza?”
“Yeah?” I answered, wondering what she meant. It was a pizza place after all.
She shook her head and mumbled something that sounded like, “Newbie.”
I could have been annoyed with her attitude, but I wasn’t. She loved the city she lived in and I was happy that she was taking the time to show me the ropes, as she had worded it. Besides, being with her also took my mind off of other things.
While we waited in line she told me about her day at school and how her whole lunch was wasted by Courtney, who decided to pick a fight with her boyfriend.
“Can I help you?” a plump woman with flushed cheeks asked when the person in front of us took their order and walked away.
Sophie held up her hand, palm facing out, when I opened my mouth to speak. “I’ll handle it,” she said to me and then turned to the lady. “Two large orders of poutine and two Cokes to go please.”
“What’s poutine?” I asked with a raised brow, feeling a little leery of someone ordering for me. What was she, my controlling girlfriend?
“You’ll see.”
“Where are we going to eat it?” Remembering she had asked for it to go.
She shrugged. “Stop asking questions and just go with it.”
“Did anyone ever tell you that you’re bossy?” I asked with a laugh.
“Yes.” She was cut off as the woman handed us our meals. We paid, thanked her, and stepped away, dodging someone’s backpack that was taking up the whole space between the rows of tables. A child screamed behind us when we pushed through the door.
“The movie doesn’t start for about an hour, so we’ll go somewhere to eat.”
“Where?” I repeated my earlier question when she started down the sidewalk. 
“You’ll see,” she called over her shoulder, the sounds of traffic muffling her voice.
I knew she’d say that.



Chapter Eight
When we turned the corner, I got my first sight of City Hall. It was a massive architecturally inspired building with peaks, rises, and columns. There was even a large clock placed in the center of the rounded roof.  
“This is the square?” As I spoke, I was watching a couple of men put up a movie screen on the edge of what looked like the parking lot of the building. Instead of pavement as most lots were made of, this was lined with interlocking deep gray stone, just like the alley I had admired earlier. Actually, both streets running next to City Hall were constructed in the same way. “What’s with the stone?” I asked Sophie without waiting for her to answer my first question.
She shrugged. “That’s why they call it the Limestone City.”
It didn’t really answer my question but I had heard the term on the radio. We crossed the street, walking over more cobblestones. “And to answer your first question,” Sophie began, nodding toward the screen the men were having issues securing. One of the men, who was wearing a camo baseball cap, twisted something on the base and then stepped back to watch the screen slide back up with a sharp whizzing sound. The other man laughed, causing his partner to shoot him a dirty look. “Yes, this is Market Square. And before you ask why it’s called that, it’s because three times a week, local farmers or crafts people sell their goods. I can’t tell you how many weekends my moms dragged me here to support local businesses.”
“I love all the stone.” It was more than that though. With the old-style architecture, the back of the building, the whole area reminded me of another time, like we were glimpsing the past. “It’s so historical looking.”
“Well, it was built in the eighteen hundreds. But I know what you mean.” She stopped walking, as we took in the sights before us. “A couple movie scenes were shot here and a scene from a TV show.”
“Really?” I asked, surprised, I was from the States and that had never happened in my town. Although I did hear that a lot of movies were shot in Canada, something about it being cheaper for the studios.
“Yeah, there was a big studio one just last month and I was an extra on it.”
“Seriously?” I asked, truly impressed. “What did you do?”
“Courtney and I did it together, and they dressed us up in corsets and old-fashioned dresses. We just wandered around the actors as they shopped in what looked like an old market.”
“Any actors I’d know?”
She shrugged. “The only ones I recognized were a girl from a Charlotte Bronte movie, and the old guy from that ghost TV show.”
“That’s so cool.”
“I know. I’m glad Courtney talked me into it.”
We watched the men struggle some more until we reached the corner where I got a look at the front of the building. “Wow, it’s really huge.” The front was just as impressive as the back, even more so with enormous columns and an extensive set of steps leading up to a door I couldn’t yet see.
“Yeah,” Sophie agreed. “They built it that big because it was supposed to be the capital building.”
“Why? I thought Ottawa was the capital of Canada.” My knowledge of Canada’s geography was slim, but that I had remembered.
“It is now, but it used to be Kingston. They moved it because City Hall was so close to Lake Ontario, which made it vulnerable to other countries’ possible attacks.”
I smiled. She really was a tour guide. “Is the history lesson included with the tour?”
“Actually, smart ass, it is.” She pointed across the street. “And that is Confederation Park.” There was a large fountain in the center of a park setting. Water spurted up in three different directions in high arcs across the fountain’s base. Through the spray, you could see a marina beyond it. 
The smell from the take-out bag was making me hungry; prompting me to ask, “Is that where we’re eating?” I pointed to a few benches scattered around the fountain; one was taken by a man spread out reading a book. The other one was empty except for a woman sitting on the edge, eating a hot dog. A longhaired shih tzu with a pink bow stuck on its head was tied to the bench leg, sprawled out at her feet. 
Sophie shook her head as she stepped out onto the busy street, dodging a green minivan. “Nope.”
I stifled a sigh, wondering how far we had to go before we could eat. She led me through the park until we reached the water, where she stopped at the end of a cement walkway. “You can’t go onto the docks unless you have a boat.” She pointed to the gated entrance of the dock. “See, it’s a combination lock.” That was disappointing, because it was beautiful out there. The docks were lined in the water with numerous boats of all different sizes tied to them. At the far end was a lighthouse. Beyond that was a wall of rocks, all various sizes, in the water. A few boats were drifting lazily on the lake in the distance. The whole scene—the sights, the sounds of the gulls squawking overhead, and voices carrying with the breeze—was peaceful. I found myself taking it all in, feeling a sense of calm that was such a contrast to my usual feelings of guilt and torment.
“Come on,” Sophie said when I stopped to take in the view. Again, I followed her to the end of the park where a large towering hotel loomed over the lake, its shadow spreading over the water, making it appear cold and dark. When I was about to ask how much further, I noticed she was heading to another dock, but this time it wasn’t locked. Instead it had a chain blocking the entrance. She ducked down and crawled under it.
“What are you doing? We can’t go down there,” I whispered harshly, although no one was close enough to hear me if I had spoken aloud. 
“Who’s going to stop us, the dock police?”
Maybe? Was there such a thing, I wondered. My expression must have reflected my reluctance, because she laughed, a soft chortle that sounded carefree. 
“Relax, I do it all the time.” She sat down on the wooden platform and leaned against the stone wall, her high combat boots dangling over the edge. One of her laces was untied and almost reached the water. “Come on.”
After a hesitant glance around and seeing that no one was looking in our direction, I ducked under the chain and sat down next to her. I scrunched behind the wall to hide myself from view.
She opened the bag she was holding, and then handed me a can of soda along with a takeout container. When I lifted the white lid, a puff of warm, grease and gravy-scented air floated out.  It smelled delicious, although it certainly didn’t look it. There was fries and white lumpy cheese covered in dark brown gravy. All of the food on its own would have been fine, but lumped altogether was not what you’d call appetizing. “It looks like vomit,” I observed, looking up at her as she took a bite, the white stringy cheese strung from the food on her fork to her mouth, dangling in the air.
“I know, but just taste it,” she mumbled with her mouth full. At the sound of a bell, I glanced up to see a man riding a bike along the sidewalk, a little girl on her own pink two-wheeler following behind. Her light blond hair blew up behind her like a cape.
When I felt an elbow in my ribs I shot a look at Sophie, who was pointing her fork at my food. Finally, I gazed down at the cheese, gravy, and fries and took a bite. I was surprised at how good it was. It might have looked disgusting, but it didn’t taste that way. “You’re right. It is good.”
She shrugged as she swallowed the food in her mouth. “In the future, just assume I’m right. It’s just easier that way.”
Before I could contemplate how cocky she had truly sounded, her somber face brightened and her eyes lit up with laughter. I had only known this girl for a few hours, but for some reason I felt a kinship with her. I bumped her with my shoulder and a giggle slipped out of her mouth. It was so unlike her funky appearance to hear a high-pitched twitter erupt from her, that I laughed. It was the second time in an hour. That had to be a record; at least it was within the last month. It felt good though, almost freeing.
The ring of my cell phone interrupted my rare amusement, and knowing who it was, my soft giggles stopped instantly. I pulled out my cell and glanced at it, making sure it wasn’t my mom, and then stuffed it back into my pocket. The ringing made my phone vibrate against my hip. It was a further reminder of who was calling.
Sophie gazed at me curiously, a forkful of cheese-covered fries hovering in front of her. “Aren’t you going to answer that?” she asked instead of taking the bite.
I shrugged and replied as casually as I could, considering the raw emotions that were now raging in my mind. “No.”
She eyed me cautiously. “Why not?”
I so desperately wanted to explain, but I couldn’t figure it out myself let alone discuss it with someone I had only known an hour. “Not in the mood to talk.” Finally the ringing stopped.
Her brows shot up, her eyes shining with curiosity, but instead of asking about it she took the bite and chewed, her eyes closing as she did so, the enjoyment clear on her face. I wanted to laugh again, but after the phone call I didn’t have it in me. So instead, I took another bite and savored the unique flavor. It really was as good as Sophie had said. 
After a few minutes of silence, with us mowing down our dinner, Sophie finally spoke. “I’m sorry about the other day.”
I felt my forehead scrunch up when I looked up at her with confusion. “For what?”
“What I said in the park. It was insensitive. I shouldn’t have brought it up. It must have been difficult to find out what happened.”
Oh, we were going there. And I was having such a good time. I shrugged. “It’s fine.” It was all I could say, my throat felt like it was closing up. I couldn’t say anymore even if I wanted to. Instead, I watched a man working on a red speed boat. He was bent over the steering wheel, reaching for something.
“So, were you sick that day, is that what saved you?”
Caleb Nichols. His name whispered in my mind on instinct, but I wasn’t ready to say it out loud. “Something like that.” My answer was just vague enough that you couldn’t technically call it lying. Now the man stood up; he was wearing a white captain’s hat. I wanted to laugh at the sight. The boat wasn’t that big, and he was the only one on it. 
Dreading any further questions on the subject, I was worried she’d ask more specific ones on the shootings. And I couldn’t ignore her forever. I was contemplating ways to make her stop; one of them was to push her into the lake—oops! Thankfully such an extreme act was not needed. Instead she asked, “Don’t your friends miss you?”
I glanced away from the captain on the boat and stared down at my food, gulping loudly. My throat was suddenly dry. I took a sip of my soda, to stall as much as to quench my sudden thirst. “Uh…I’m not sure, I haven’t had time to talk to them.”
As she chewed, she slanted her head at me, eyeing me curiously. It was like she was studying me or attempting to read my mind. That wouldn’t be a good thing. I couldn’t even handle what was going on in there; no way would a stranger be able to handle it. “Was that one of them?” She pointed to the pocket where I had shoved my cell. “That called you.”
“No.” Again, I wasn’t technically lying. We weren’t exactly friends. To avoid any further questions down the wrong road, I asked one of my own. “What about you?” I began, pointing my cheesy-fry-filled fork at her. “Any boys you call friend?”
“Besides actual friends, no,” she answered dryly. By her expression I could tell that it wasn’t by choice. “Sometimes I think my moms have it easy.”
My eyes went wide at her observation. Being gay wasn’t what you’d call “easy.” They had to fight for acceptance and equality, not to mention the struggles for teens, who either hid what they truly were or were open and bullied to the point of depression or suicide.
 “I don’t mean it was easy for them; believe me it hasn’t been, but women understand each other. Sometimes I think guys are just clueless.”
“That sounds a little close to home. Do you like one of your guy friends?”
She stared into her carton for a few seconds stirring the gooey remnants and then finally glanced up at me, a wistful expression on her smooth features. “Yeah,” she said with a heavy sigh, shifting her butt on the ground. “He’s in almost all of my classes and most days he gives me this vibe that he’s into me too, but never does anything about it.”
I took the last bite of my poutine, surprised at how fast I had devoured it, and tossed the container back into the bag that was now on the ground between us. Taking my soda into my hand, I held it on my lap, twisting it on my knee, the aluminum cold against my skin. “That’s too bad. Maybe you should ask him out.”
She snorted. “No, I couldn’t do that.”
I wanted to say, “Why not?” but, if I were in her situation, I couldn’t do it either. I would be afraid of rejection.
We sat back and watched a few boats come in, their motors humming in the distance, before Sophie stuffed her container in the bag with mine.
“Here, watch this.” She pulled something out of her pockets and tossed it out into the water, fanning out in all directions. It wasn’t until it was scattered over the clear liquid that I realized what it was. “Is that oatmeal?”
She nodded, staring out into the water.
“Why did you throw it in there and why was it in your pockets?”
Her gaze remained straight ahead…waiting for something. “For the ducks,” she answered vaguely.
I was about to ask “What ducks?” when I heard it. At first it was just a little flutter, and then splashing. I turned to my right and saw them. Five mallards were swimming toward us. No—not to us—the oatmeal Sophie had thrown in. They moved through the lake as if they were floating, ripples in the water appearing around them in smooth, languid curves. Once they reached the oatmeal they scattered, each one going for the grain, dipping their beaks into the liquid, the water pebbling on their feathers and falling off. Sophie tossed in some more and we watched them all attack it, fighting over patches drifting on the top. 
As I observed the scene before me, I asked, “Why?” I didn’t want to say too much for fear of scaring the ducks in front of us. It didn’t matter though, they weren’t bothered by my voice, they were too busy munching as Sophie threw more in. I was engrossed in the little guys squawking with enjoyment.
From the corner of my eye I saw her shrug. “I came here one day instead of going to history class and saw all the ducks. When I got home, I looked online to see what food was good for them.” She paused, tossing in another handful. “This was one of the items.”
“But why do it at all?”
Finally she looked over at me, her dark eyes gazing intently. “It calms me.” 
I could see her point. Watching the ducks was like sitting by a campfire; there wasn’t a lot happening, but it was hard to look away. I was transfixed by the little fowl, the way the water trickled over their feathers but didn’t seem to sink in and how their little feet paddled under them making them move so smoothly. It wasn’t just the ducks though. It was also the lake itself. Watching the boats sail in the distance and the activity of the marina and Confederation Park was something I definitely wanted to do again. There seemed to be something in the air here, and not just the fresh scent of the water. It was almost an excitement that pulsed in the atmosphere; everything felt more alive. And since I had been living with images of my dead classmates, it was something I craved more of.
We sat there for a few more minutes until Sophie finally declared that we should go back to the car to get lawn chairs. The movie would be starting soon; the sun was just starting to set, the sky a mix of dark blue and gray.
“I didn’t bring a chair.”
“Don’t worry, I got you covered.”



Chapter Nine
By the time we finally arrived back at the square, lawn chairs in hand, dusk had fallen and there were rows of people lined in front of the screen.
“You probably can tell by her incessant hand waving, but the girl up front is Courtney.” I followed Sophie’s gaze to the front and saw what she was referring to: a girl with a tiny frame and shoulder-length brown hair was indeed waving continuously at us. There were two teenage boys with broad shoulders sitting next to her. When they turned around to look at us, Sophie gasped. “Oh, my God, Owen is here.” Her voice was a hoarse whisper and she was barely moving her lips, as if she was worried that Owen could hear her or read her words from ten feet away.
I grinned, enjoying the flush of red on the girl who seemed so confident only moments before as she was showing me “the ropes.” “I take it that’s the guy who is clueless.”
She nodded ever so slightly, her expression relaxed into a playful smile as we stepped up next to her group of friends. “Hey, guys, this is Avery, the girl I was telling you about.” As she spoke, the three friends turned to face me. Courtney’s aquamarine eyes lit up with kindness, while the two boys took me in with not unfriendly expressions, but definitely disinterest. “And Avery, this is Parker and Owen.”
I smiled. “Hi, it’s nice to meet you,” I was speaking to all of them, but Owen wasn’t looking at me, he was staring at the girl to my right with an interest I was surprised Sophie hadn’t noticed. He definitely shared her feelings—how could she not see it? It was obvious she was the clueless one.
“Here,” Owen said to Sophie as he took the red chair that was strapped over her shoulder. “Sit next to me.” When he opened the chair for her and placed it on the ground, she fell into it. I followed suit with the matching one she brought for me and got comfy.
“So, Avery,” Courtney called out around her friends. “Sophie said you’re from the States.” When I nodded she went on. “Do you like it here?”
I tried to face her between the three bodies that separated us, but had to bob my head side to side. Sophie and Parker were both moving back and then forth when they realized the other one was doing the opposite so I could see Courtney, but it wasn’t really helping. “Yes, I do, but it isn’t all that different from where I used to live.” I said this only seeing the tip of her nose. While the other two were trying to help us have a conversation despite the bodies between us, Owen didn’t care. I couldn’t see past his blond hair.
“Oh really? Where are you from?” She stood up, gazing over her friends’ heads to see me.
I glanced at Sophie, realizing that she hadn’t mentioned the name of my former city. And as the voices around us rose, I realized that this was not the time to mention the name. Like Sophie, I was sure Courtney would ask about the shooting if she knew. That horrible act of evil now defined our city. “New York state,” I answered vaguely.
Sophie’s lips pressed together and her eyes softened with something akin to sympathy. I smiled sadly as a thank you to her for not telling her friends about what I wasn’t ready to discuss yet. Her words the other night flashed in my mind. “You’re the survivor.” It was a label I truly hated.
“That’s cool,” Courtney was saying, unaware of the silent conversation I was having with my new friend. “At least you don’t have far to go if you need to visit.”
I was about to agree and tell her that my mom had already made the trip back and forth, but the large screen in front of us came to life. I smiled at her as she sat back down, our conversation was clearly over. Turning to face the screen, I leaned over to whisper in Sophie’s ear. “He is totally into you.”
She sucked in a breath and glared at me. “We’ll talk later,” she mouthed before focusing on the screen and the beach scene that was playing. I smiled to myself, feeling happy for her.
I glanced around at all the people watching the movie and the pedestrians beyond milling about in the streets nearby and I felt almost at home. I wasn’t born here and wasn’t actually a Canadian, but I knew that I could be content here. I had made a friend, had finally gotten away from my house, and had barely thought about death or guns all day. Although, even as the thought surfaced, a twinge of guilt curled in my chest. Ignoring it, I focused on the screen.
As the movie played, there was a low buzz of voices, along with the sounds of the city, but the movie was loud enough to drown out car engines, the odd squawk of brakes and laughter that rang out occasionally from the restaurant across the road. The movie itself was awesome. I hadn’t seen it since I was a kid and it brought back memories of Serena and I staying up late watching it. Even though we had the volume on low and we were whispering, my mother still heard us and yelled for us to turn it off. Her command only set off an explosion of giggles.
“So what did you think?” Sophie asked when the screen went dark.
“It was cool. I’ve never watched a movie outside before.”
She grinned. “I know, I come every week.”
“Hey, Sophie, are you and Avery going to Cole’s party?” Owen asked her.
Sophie frowned. “I can’t. I have to get up early to go to my grandmother’s in Ottawa with my parents.” I gave her a curious glance at the word “parents.” She ignored me and continued. “But next time, we’ll definitely be there. Right?” she said gazing at me pointedly.
“Umm…sure.” I had no desire to go to a crowded high school party without knowing anyone.
“Well, we should get going,” she said awkwardly before she bent down to fold up her chair. I followed suit, closing my own and throwing it over my shoulder.
We waved goodbye to the three of them and headed up the street. I noticed Owen staring after us as we turned the corner. “He was watching you,” I told her when we were out of sight.
Her eyes widened in surprise. “Are you sure?”
I nodded. “Yes. And when we got there earlier he was staring at you like you were dessert.”
“No he wasn’t.”
I gaped at her. How could she be so oblivious? This was the guy she said was clueless. “I’m serious. He’s really into you. I bet if you went to that party, he would have made a move.”
Her eyes widened into the size of the tires of the truck driving past us on the street before stepping into the garage. Without the street lights, the darkness swallowed us up. But there was a small glow from lights on the walls that allowed us to find our way to the elevator. “No way.”
I rolled my eyes. “Talk about clueless.” I watched her hit the fourth floor button where her car was parked. “Why did you call your moms ‘your parents’?”
Her face washed with guilt. “He doesn’t know.”
I sighed, shaking my head, but before I could say anything, she held up her hand. “I know I’m a total douche. I don’t know why I haven’t told him, but it just hasn’t come up. When we talk about our parents I just kind of go along with what everyone else says.”
“You told me and we had just met. How could he not know anyway? Haven’t you known him for a long time? You said you’ve known Parker since you were kids.”
“I have, but Owen just transferred here a year ago.” 
“I got to tell you, I’m surprised. When you first talked about your moms, you were anything but ashamed. You seemed ready to take me on if I had a problem with it.”
“That’s different. We had just met and I wasn’t interested in you.”
“What?” I gasped holding my hand in front of my heart as the elevator door swung open. “I’m so insulted.”
She laughed, stepping out into the parking level, her laughter bouncing off the cement walls. “It’s not that I’m ashamed of them. If he has a problem with it, he’s not worth it.” We stepped toward her car and she pulled out her keys, the sound of jingling loud in the otherwise quiet lot. “But I’m just not ready to know if he’s worth it yet.”
I understood her reluctance to tell him. She really liked him, but if he didn’t accept her mothers, she’d have to move on. Clearly she wasn’t ready to do that.
When she clicked the lock, I opened my door and climbed in. 
“So you really think he likes me?” she asked as she started the car.
“Yes. Hasn’t Courtney or anyone else noticed before?”
She rolled her eyes. “Courtney is too absorbed in Parker. She wouldn’t notice.” She drove out of the parking garage, plugging coins into the machine when we stopped in front of a yellow wooden barrier. When she hit the button it slid up and we drove forward onto the street. “Thank you,” she whispered, her voice hardly audible above the music playing on the radio.
“I didn’t say anything that wasn’t true.”
“Yeah, but you didn’t have to say it. You don’t really know me.”
I shrugged. “I know enough.”
We chatted about the movie the rest of the way and when she turned onto the street before mine, she pointed out where she lived.
“If you want to stop, I can walk the rest of the way.”
Sophie’s face went white as she passed her house. “No, you shouldn’t walk around here alone at night.”
“Why?”
She shrugged, but wouldn’t look at me, her face intent on the road ahead. “It’s a city; you never know what could happen.”
“Okay,” I said, not understanding what had made her attitude change so quickly. Awkward silence filled the car the rest of the way. Thankfully it didn’t take long before she pulled into my driveway.
“Like I said, I have to go to Ottawa tomorrow, but why don’t we go shopping on Saturday.” She leaned over the seat when I got out of the car.
Wow, two outings in less than a week. That was a record for me. “Sure, sounds fun.”
She grinned and pulled away.
I stood on the edge of the lawn and waved as she disappeared down the street.
“Hi.” I jerked at the sound of a deep voice and spun around. The green-eyed guy was walking on the sidewalk, heading toward me, his sandy-colored hair bouncing as he moved.
“Hi.”
“You live here?” he asked, coming to a stop a few feet away, the tips of his shoes touching the edge of my lawn.
“Yes. Just moved in a month ago.”
He smiled, his eyes shining like emeralds under the street light. “I’m staying with my aunt over on Plum Street.” I didn’t know exactly where that was, but I knew it was nearby. I remembered seeing the name from my outings with my mom.
I nodded, unsure of what to say. We had seen each other many times, but had never spoken. All those weeks of silence made our meeting even more awkward.
“My name is Josh, by the way. I’ve seen you around and I wanted to introduce myself.”
“I’m Avery.” Again, I was at a loss for words. I hadn’t felt so tongue-tied in years, not since I met my one and only boyfriend.
He took a step closer. “Hi, Avery.” He stuffed his hands in the pocket of his faded jeans; they disappeared behind the bottom of his green army jacket. “Would you mind talking to me next time we’re both in the park?” He gestured across the street to the now empty grounds. “I have something I want to talk to you about.”
“Uh…sure. I guess so.” I shifted my feet, feeling a little uncomfortable. I didn’t know this guy, but he had something he wanted to discuss with me. What it could possibly be, I didn’t know. “What’s it about?”
“It’s not a big deal, I swear,” he promised, pulling a hand out and waving it dismissively at me as he took a step forward. “I guess I should go.”
“Okay…um, see ya.”
His lips turned up into a lopsided grin. “It was nice to finally meet you.” With that he walked away, his footsteps echoing in the night.
I rushed into my house feeling confused. Just a week ago I was a hermit. Now I had made a friend in Sophie and had plans to hang out again with her, plus meeting two separate guys in the park. I almost didn’t recognize myself.

Chapter Ten
The sound of sharp scratching woke me. I blinked my eyes open and jolted up in bed, choking on a scream. Through the curtains I could see the shadow of a hand hovering in front of the window, which was impossible, since my bedroom was on the second floor. I was frozen with fear, unable to move. Icy claws of terror dug into my skin. I couldn’t breathe, I couldn’t yell. I simply watched as the hand receded and the noise faded away.
After several moments of not being able to move, I eventually calmed down enough to turn on the light. With the room illuminated, I realized I must have imagined it. Now that I had settled down, I could see a tree branch rustling in the wind just outside my window. Ever since I had begun talking about the shootings, death was on my mind, in my dreams, and now I was imagining bony fingers hovering in mid-air. Maybe I was going crazy. Maybe Mom was right and I should see a shrink. But even as the thought entered my mind, I quashed it. That would involve talking about that day. It was too risky; I had almost lost my mind once, I wasn’t going to let it happen again. But as I remembered what I had woken up to, maybe it was too late. 
In an effort to soothe my mind further, I stepped up to the window and took a deep breath, yanking open the curtains like I was ripping off a Band-Aid. And just as I suspected, there was nothing. The window wasn’t even open. I shook away the anxiety that had crept into my soul and sat down on the seat cushion, leaning my head against the window. The cold from the glass seeped into my forehead, clearing the fear I had woken up with.
Out of the corner of my eye I noticed movement in the park. I sat up to look closer and saw Austin. He was stretched out by the monument and as usual, he was reading, the pages of the book flapping in the wind.
I sat staring out at him, struggling with the decision to go out there. Even though we hung out every night, an unspoken agreement we had since we met, I wasn’t sure if I could. After what I thought I saw—and felt—last night, honestly I was terrified. Yes, I had explained the incident away with logic, but the feeling of spine-tingling fear remained in my memory. 
Despite my apprehension, I found myself pulling a hoodie over my tank and threading my hair into a loose braid, ignoring the strands that stuck out, refusing to be tamed. I took a deep breath, grabbed my grandma’s quilt, and made my way downstairs.
~~
I stood on the porch watching him, unable to move any closer.
He glanced up at me and smiled, his white teeth visible in the dull light. “Hi.” His voice was clear as he called out from across the road.
“Hi.”
He stood up and walked to the edge of the park, his boots leaving dark footprints in the dewy grass behind him. “Are you going to come over or do you want me to come there?”
I took a hesitant glance at the house. Of course it was dark, save for the light above the stove that I always turned on when I made my nighttime visits to the park. My mom wouldn’t react well to me hanging out with a guy on our porch in the middle of the night. She had never been overly strict, but after the shooting she liked to know what I was doing or who I was with. Up until today, her rules weren’t necessary. I was always home or within shouting distance.
Finally making my decision, I took a step with shaky legs down the steps and onto the road.
“Are you okay?” Austin asked as I moved closer, his expression shadowed with concern. “You look nervous.”
When I took the step onto the grounds of the park my eyes immediately went to the swing set. Thankfully there was nothing there and the swings were immobile. The streets around the park were the same as any other night, filled with the occasional car driving by, the sound of a dog barking in the distance, a door slamming across the road. The light illuminated the houses on my street and the others around the park. All was right with the neighborhood, confirming that I had indeed imagined the ghost girl, the bony hand, and the curtains that I presumed had opened themselves. “Did you see or hear something strange a few minutes ago, coming from my window?” I asked as we both headed to the monument, my flip-flops making smacking sounds against my feet.
His brow furrowed in thought. “No, why, what were you doing?” His lips turned up at the corners.
My face flushed as I thought over my words. It sounded like I was the one making the noises and I was just making sure my neighbors wouldn’t hear. Now that the words were out I wished I could take them back. My cheeks now burned with embarrassment. “I…didn’t mean that.” I stared over his shoulder not able to meet his hazel eyes. “I heard something and I wondered if you did too.”
He pressed his lips together and glanced around the empty grounds. His gaze fell on a single guy entering the park from the opposite corner. He shook his head as he turned back to me. “No, I’m sorry. I didn’t hear or see anything until you and that guy.” He pointed to the man that was now strolling through the walkway. “I was alone here.”
“Oh, okay,” I mumbled as we reached the monument. He held out his hand and I guessed that he was silently asking for the blanket. I handed it to him and watched as he spread it out onto the ground, the white quilt almost glowing in the darkness.
Once I was settled out onto it I leaned on my elbow, watching the man step onto the road and disappear around the corner.
“You’re late tonight.” Austin’s voice was so close and when I turned he was only inches away. I could feel his cold breath on my cheeks.
“Um…” I began, shifting away from him slightly. “I fell asleep. I went to a movie with that new friend I met.”
He smiled. “Good. I’m glad you’re making friends and settling in here more. Where did you go?”
“We went to Bubba’s for poutine. We ate it sitting on a dock watching ducks and boats sail in the lake. Afterwards we met her friends at Market Square for an outdoor screening of Grease.”
His eyes crinkled in the corners. “It sounds like you had a great night.”
I sighed. It was good to get out. Being active got me out of my own head, one night free of dwelling on things I couldn’t change. It was exactly what I needed. I nodded. “It was. We’re going shopping on Saturday.”
“That’s great, Avery.”
“Do you have many friends? You don’t talk about any.” 
“Yeah, I have a few, but we’ve lost touch since I work so much. I have some there, but don’t hang out outside of work.” He paused, looking down at his scuffed boots. He was quiet for several seconds until he finally spoke, his gaze still fixed downward. “But now I have you.” His voice was a soft whisper, almost floating on the wind. I wasn’t sure he had even spoken until he finally looked up into my eyes. “Are you my friend, Avery?”
I sucked in a breath at his words, nodding.
He smiled, his whole face lighting up. “Good. It’s been a long time since I’ve called someone a friend.” His words confused me since he had just admitted to losing track of his old friends. It wasn’t that long ago that he graduated. He wasn’t much older than me. “Sometimes I feel so alone. But now that you’re here, I have something to hope for.”
His confusing words had left me speechless until he finished speaking. “What?” I asked breathlessly. I felt in a trance. His face held an expression of utter hopelessness and then there had been a tiny light that had flickered in his eyes. “Hope,” he had said. But for what?
“Freedom,” was the only answer he gave and it was said so quietly I could have heard wrong. I was about to ask what he meant when he pulled something out of his pocket. A deck of cards.
“I thought you could teach me to play.”
“Cards?” I asked, shocked by the drastic change in conversation.
“Yeah, don’t laugh, but I never really learned as a child.” His explanation pulled me out of the confusion, my mind shifting gears as quickly as his mood.
Despite his words a small giggle snuck out of my lips. “Oops, sorry.”
He stared at me sternly before cracking a smile. “Here.” He handed me the deck and I took them out of the case. “Okay. We’ll start with Go Fish. It’s the first game I learned as a kid.”
For the next hour or so we played cards and then we lay back on the blanket to gaze up at the sky. There was something so relaxing in the act. It calmed my thoughts and soothed my wounded soul.

Oh no, I fell asleep again and again Austin was nowhere to be seen. But right beside my head, at the base of the monument, lay the book he was reading. He must have forgotten it, and just like last night, he had left without waking me. I tried not to let that fact irritate me. I was upset the night before when I had woken up alone and had every intention to confront him…until I imagined a ghost and it completely slipped my mind. However, now that it had happened a second time, I needed to say something. And I would next time I saw him.
When I stood up to gather all of my stuff, I couldn’t help but sneak a glance at the swing set. This time there was nothing there. The park was thankfully empty and quiet.

The next day I stayed inside doing my school work, still not entirely comfortable with the park, the place I had once considered my refuge. As I submitted my work to Mrs. Henderson through my email account, I noticed a new message from Serena. It was dated today. Even though I hadn’t opened any of the others, I decided it was time to at least look at one.
Hi Avery,
I understand why you left and why you have ignored all of my other emails. What happened was horrible and I know that you must feel guilty, but you shouldn’t. No one blames you. All the parents and families of the others are excited that you survived. They want to meet you. I was asked by some of the teachers and staff to see if you would come to the memorial we are having next week. They would love if you would speak about your classmates.
And remember if you ever want to talk, I’m here.
My heart clenched in my chest. There was no way I could face the families. How could I, when I survived, and their children hadn’t? My eyes burned and pooled with tears, just at the thought. But I couldn’t cry. I refused to. I wiped my eyes and pushed back the thoughts, closing my laptop along with the emotions that were threatening to push down the wall in my mind. Slowly I stood up and reached for my sketch pad. I hadn’t drawn in it for a few days and I needed to transfer some memories. I spent the next hour or so sketching the people I most desperately wanted to see again, and knowing there was no way I could. They were gone. And I was here—alone.
~~
Sophie stopped by after she got home from Ottawa and we watched a movie with my mom. Afterward, I showed her my room. “Why is it so bare?” she asked, glancing around my blue-gray walls. She was right. Besides the angel my grandmother had sent me, my room lacked any pictures or mementoes you usually saw in a teenage girl’s room. In fact my room in Renford had been cluttered in movie posters, pictures of my friends as well as family photos of me, my dad and mom before he passed away. My mom wanted them to surround me so I wouldn’t forget him. It had happened anyway; all I had were images of the pictures I had seen. 
“I guess I just haven’t had time to unpack everything.” When she stared at me pointedly, not believing me for a second, I sighed heavily. “I’m just not ready for the memories that come with that stuff.” I waved at my closet. “They’re still boxed up in there.”
She smiled sadly but remained silent. Slowly, she moved over to the window seat. “Wow, you’re so lucky. I’ve always wanted one of these.” She sat down, rubbing her hand over the soft cushion. “Do you spend a lot of time on here?” she asked, lifting my sketch pad I had left on the seat earlier.
“Yes,” I answered wearily, watching her closely as she flipped through the pages.
“You’re really good.”
“Thanks.” I held my hand out to her, asking silently for her to hand the book to me. She did with a smirk and then spotted my CDs.
“Not bad,” she said, leaning over the box I kept them in, on the floor at the end of my bed. “But you definitely need a crash course in Canadian bands.”
“Oh yeah, which ones?” I fell onto my bed, propping my head onto my hand, my hair which was down, spilled over my arm in a curly mess.
“Hedly, Peach Fans, and Magpies are a must.”
I made a note to check them out on the Internet, always looking for new artists. I loved listening to music, especially while I sketched.
“So.” She spun around and grinned, leaning back against the window, her black shiny hair stuck up flat against my curtain. “Owen called me last night.”
I raised my brow. “He did? That’s awesome. Did he ask you out?”
“Yes.”
My lips spread into a wide grin. She was excited and I was excited for her. “When are you going out?”
“Next Friday. I’ll need you to help me pick an outfit.” I wasn’t sure if she’d want my opinion. We didn’t really dress the same. I had on my usual plain tank top and shorts, but she was wearing a ripped black skirt with safety pins running up the side. Her hot pink tank matched the streak in her hair and the black happy face on the front was sticking its tongue out at me. We definitely had different tastes, but hers really worked for her.
“I doubt you’d agree with me.”
“Sure I would. I liked what you wore last night. You looked hot.”
“Thank you.” It was an outfit I had picked out with Serena before we went on our last double date. It felt like it had been years, not months.
“So, have you seen any guys you’re interested in?”
My cheeks went hot and I knew that I was blushing. I didn’t know why though. I didn’t think of Austin like that. He was just my friend. I sat up and grabbed my sketch pad, hoping she hadn’t noticed.
“What are you hiding?” she squealed.
“Nothing. I’ve just been hanging out with a guy since I moved here.”
“Really, why didn’t you tell me?”
I shrugged. “I don’t know, I didn’t think of it.”
“What’s his name? What school does he go to?”
“His name is Austin and he graduated last fall. He works at a factory but I forget the name.”
She squealed, rushing to sit beside me on the bed, the mattress bouncing with her added weight. “Oooh, an older man. So naughty. Does your mom know?”
I grimaced. “God no. We meet at the park after he gets off work. That’s where I met him.”
Her face fell slightly. “Oh. Well, that’s convenient. Has he kissed you yet?”
“No. It’s not like that.”
She raised a brow, her eyes swimming with amusement. “Why not?”
“Because I’m not ready for that. It’s the last thing on my mind.”
Her face fell. “Oh, right. That’s understandable.” Her expression held both curiosity and sympathy. I knew she wanted more details of the shooting. I hadn’t said much to her. But I couldn’t. I was happy here in Canada, where I felt a million miles from my problems. I couldn’t bring those memories here. It would just taint the new life I was desperately trying to build.
We were silent for a minute until Sophie started rambling about her visit with her grandmother.
A few hours later she headed home and I prepared to meet Austin. Tonight after I gave him a piece of my mind on his rude disappearances, I was going to teach him how to play poker.




Chapter Eleven
My social life continued to expand over the next few weeks. I spent my days doing my assignments and now that school was officially done for the year, for everyone but me, hanging out with Sophie, either at the square to watch movies, shopping or at my house. My evenings were reserved for Austin. When we weren’t playing cards he read books while I sketched, or sometimes I would catch up on some reading as well. But what I enjoyed the most about these nights was our talks. We still didn’t get into anything deep, but these conversations about nothing meant a lot to me. He asked about my old school, but never about the shootings. I asked him about the city and his work but not his personal life. Our relationship was easy and we wanted to keep it that way. It was the best part of my day and I learned that it was his as well. I got over my apprehension of the park, partly because nothing remotely as unnerving had happened since and also because I knew that my mom wouldn’t appreciate it if I asked him inside the house. I chalked the whole occurrence up to the fact that most of my thoughts were immersed in death and guilt. And now apparently I was going crazy.
I had almost forgotten about it until one night I went out to the park early to meet him. Once my mother had called it a night, I headed out. It had been a long day. I was finishing up a report in English that was worth almost half of my grade. And now that I had finished it, I only had a few more assignments before the final exam. I just wasn’t sure yet how that would work from home.
Austin had a fondness for classic novels so as I waited for him to arrive, I leaned against the monument reading Dracula. Admittedly, it wasn’t the best choice. I was immersed in the haunting words and almost didn’t hear the strange shuffling sounds coming from behind me. I stood up and turned around. The moon and street lights were the only form of illumination, so I could barely make out the translucent image. When my eyes adjusted, my heart leaped into my throat. It was a man dragging an injured foot along the grass. He was dressed in an old-fashioned military uniform. His face was stark white and his bulging eyes bore into to me as he clutched at the tip of a knife that was protruding from his chest. The hilt must have been stuck into his back. Blood poured out of the wound dripping down onto the ground beneath him.
I didn’t have the chance to react before the image disappeared. But once it was gone, the fear that gripped at my heart and squeezed, rushed through my veins. When I opened my mouth to scream, a cool hand clamped around my mouth before any sound emerged. Since I was already terrified this only amplified my fear and added panic to my crazy mix of emotions. I was about to start kicking when I felt a body lean into my back. “Don’t, you’ll only draw their attention.” The voice in my ear was vaguely familiar. He was so close I could feel his hot breath on the side of my neck. Someone was standing behind me with their arms wrapped around my shoulders, holding me tight.
“Who?” I asked. Since the hand was still covering my mouth my voice was muffled and barely audible.  
Slowly he let go and backed away. With my heart still racing I turned, coming face to face with Josh, the green-eyed guy. “The ghosts,” he answered in a whisper.
When my eyes widened in panic, he reached out to replace his hand. I stepped back before he could. “Wh-what do you mean?” My eyes shifted back to where the image had been. “Did you see that?”
He nodded his head and took a step forward. Again I retreated. “That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. You shouldn’t spend so much time here.”
“Why?”
His eyes narrowed. “Did you not just see that?” He pointed to the spot on the grass where the spooky man had been. “That was a ghost.”
I shook my head, taking another hesitant step away from him. “No…it couldn’t have been. I d-don’t be-believe in ghosts.”
“Then why do you look so terrified?”
“I imagined it. I must have,” I stammered, trying to brush it off. It couldn’t be true. If the man with the knife in his chest had been real, than the little girl and the hand in front of my window were as well. 
“You saw a man with short hair wearing an old-fashioned uniform, right?” When I nodded hesitantly, he went on. “There was a knife in his chest?”
I squeezed my eyes closed tightly, hoping the memory would disappear. “Yes,” I whispered. I blinked my eyes open when he stepped closer. “What’s happening?”
“Can we go inside so I can fill you in?” he asked with a gesture toward my house.
“You want to go into my house?” I gasped, glancing at the glowing light from my kitchen. It was shining like a beacon. If I could just reach it, I’d be safe.
“I need to explain some things to you, and I think”—he glanced around the park—“we would both be more comfortable away from here.”
I thought about what he said. He was right; I couldn’t stay in the park any longer. The temperature had plummeted within the last few minutes and I could see my breath. If that wasn’t creepy enough, the darkness now seemed to have swallowed up all of the light. My veins were running cold with fear and my heart was beating so rapidly I thought it was going to explode from my chest. But I couldn’t bring him into my home. I didn’t know him. On the other hand he did say he could explain. And I was desperate for answers.
With my mind swimming with these thoughts, I hadn’t noticed him pick up my stuff and lead me away. We were standing on my lawn before I registered that we had even moved. I raised an eyebrow in confusion peering down at his hand that was still gripping my arm.
He gave me a sheepish grin. “I had to get us away from there.”
“Why?”
He pointed to my front door. “Can we?”
I nodded and led him up the steps of my porch.
Once we were inside and sitting awkwardly across from one another, he asked, “Have you ever read the history of Skeleton Park?”
My brows scrunched together in confusion. “What’s Skeleton Park?”
He pointed outside. “The park we just saw a ghost in.” His voice held a slight edge of condescension.
 “That’s McBurney Park,” I told him, hoping that he had gotten the wrong park and everything had been a huge misunderstanding. Somehow there had to be a logical explanation for what I’d seen.
He shook his head and rolled his eyes. “Did you not read the plaque?” He must have meant the marble slab he was staring at the first time I saw him.
“No. But I saw the sign and that’s what it’s called.”
He sighed. “You’re right. That is the real name. But everyone around here calls it Skeleton Park.”
I’d never heard the term. Although I hadn’t lived here for very long and had only spoken to a few people. “Why?”
He stood up and walked to the bay window, looking out. I knew he couldn’t see much since the large tree would be blocking his view. I stared at the back of his head; his sandy hair was shaggy, almost reaching the collar of his green army jacket. “It used to be a graveyard and the bodies were never moved.”
“No way,” I whispered.
“It’s true.”
“Wh…bu…what?” I couldn’t form the words to describe how shocked I was. “Why would they make a park out of a graveyard? Why wouldn’t they keep it as one, or move it?”
He shrugged. “All it said on the plaque was that it used to be a cemetery and that only some of the bodies were moved before they covered it over to make a park.”
“Have you researched it online?”
He blanched. “Yeah, some. But I haven’t had a lot of time. I’ve been staking out the park trying to see if my hunch was right.” That was why I kept seeing him around. 
“What hunch?”
He sighed again as sadness crept into his eyes. “I’ll tell you another time. But right now you need to stay away from there at night.”
“How can I stay away, I live right next door.”
“Just stay inside at night. You should be fine.”
My eyes widened with fear, an emotion I was getting used to. “Should be?” How would I let Austin know that I couldn’t meet him anymore? I didn’t know his cell number.
“You’ll be fine. I’ll be away for the next few days but when I return I’ll tell you everything.” He stepped toward the door. “Will you be all right?” he asked, a hint of concern in his voice.
I nodded slowly, unsure if my unspoken answer was true or not.
Once he was gone, I closed and locked the door. When I still didn’t feel safe, I dragged the armchair in front of it. The legs squawked loudly, echoing in the quiet house but I didn’t care about waking Mom; all that mattered was our safety. 
As I stared at the now blocked front door, I felt guilty for not meeting Austin, but I couldn’t return to the park so soon after what I had just learned. I still wasn’t over what had happened at my old school. When twenty-six people I spent every day with died, I couldn’t handle their loss and the memories that enveloped me. And because of that Mom and I ran…only to find sanctuary living next to…a cemetery? What were the odds of that happening? Was I destined to be surrounded with death? Sorrow and guilt were seeped in my every pore when I had moved here and just when I thought I could move past my grief with my new friends, I find out that I was literally being haunted. I wasn’t sure what to do, or if there was anything I could do.
Filled with confusion, fear and pain, I crawled upstairs, locked my window, closed the curtains, and fell into my bed, burying my head under the blankets. I stayed there until rays of light from the morning sun leaked through the crack in the curtains.
~~
I was in a deep sleep, but could hear the distant ring of my cell phone. I stuck my arm out of my warm cocoon of blankets and dug around for it. “Hello?” I answered once I found the cell, and then grimaced when I realized I forgot to check the call display. The person I had been avoiding hadn’t called since my first night with Sophie, and Serena had only called once. I didn’t know how to feel about that. While I wanted to move on, I missed my friends desperately. 
“Did I wake you?” Sophie asked from the other end.
I sighed with relief. “Um…yeah.” I pulled the blanket back over me.
“Avery, it’s one o’clock. Why are you still sleeping?”
I thought over the night before and how I tossed and turned until the wee hours of the morning. I winced when I remembered the reason for my lack of sleep. The green-eyed guy had been in my house, but that wasn’t the worse part. Apparently, I lived a few feet from a former cemetery. Should I tell my mother or wait until I found out more information? Josh had said he had more to discuss with me so it made sense to wait until I had all the facts.
“Avery, did you hear me?” Sophie’s shrill voice rang out from the earpiece, yanking me out of my own head. 
I pulled the phone away from my ear and rubbed a hand over my face. I was barely awake. “I couldn’t sleep last night.”
“Why?”
With everything still swirling around in my head, I couldn’t tell her what happened. I was still processing it myself. It wasn’t just the fact that the park I lived next to had once been a final resting place for the dead. That wouldn’t affect me if the people buried there would just stay that way.  But since that wasn’t the case I didn’t know how to process it all. “No reason.” I needed a subject change. “What are you calling for?”
“Oh, right. My moms want you to come over for dinner so they can meet you.”
“Tonight?” My breaths were hot against my soft blanket.
“Yeah. Just come by in a few hours and we can hang out until dinner is ready.”
Her call couldn’t have come at a better time. I definitely needed a distraction. “Sure, I’ll be there after I get ready. Have you heard from Owen lately?” 
“Ugh! No.” The two had gone out on a few dates and the last time, he met her moms. She hadn’t heard from him since. I told her not to jump to conclusions, that maybe it was just a coincidence. There had to be a reason other than the obvious.
“If he doesn’t call you back, then he’s definitely not worth it.”
She was silent for a few seconds before she finally spoke. “I know,” she sighed. “But I wanted him to be.”
“Well, once I start school, I’ll help you find a better guy.”
She laughed. “I’m going to hold you to that. Courtney’s still stuck to Parker’s hip.”
I laughed, grateful that the girl on the phone had decided to befriend me. “I’ll see you later.”
“Hurry.”
I was smiling when I hung up.
~~
A tall slim woman with her dark brown hair twisted in a messy knot at the back of her head opened Sophie’s front door a few hours later. “Hi.” I smiled up at her. Her bright blue eyes were warm and friendly. “I’m Avery, Sophie’s friend.”
The woman’s lips turned up into a radiant smile. “It’s so nice to meet you, Avery.” She waved me in and when I stepped inside she closed the door behind me with a soft click. Instantly I caught a whiff of melted butter and garlic. “I’m Margie and this is”—she looked behind me to the kitchen where another woman was cutting up vegetables—“Grace.”
Grace looked up from her knife and grinned at me. Her hair was ash blond and she wore it in a short bob. Stepping away from the counter she wiped her hand on her flowered apron and held it out. I took it and exchanged a firm handshake. “It’s so nice to meet you, Avery, Sophie has told us a lot about you.”
I couldn’t help but smile at their warm words and equally welcome expressions. “She’s a great girl, I’m glad she demanded that I be her friend.”
Margie laughed behind me, the sound echoed through the bright living room. “That’s our girl.”
“What are you talking about?” Sophie asked, coming down the oak staircase. She was wearing a black fitted tee with a pair of red lips on the front and skinny jeans.
I watched her descend the stairs and step toward me. “That you told me I would be your friend.”
Her grin was wide, lighting up her dark eyes. “Aren’t you glad you listened to me?” She poked me in the ribs as she approached.
I laughed. “Yes, I am actually.”
Margie ruffled Sophie’s ink black hair and headed into the kitchen to help Grace with the food. There were multiple bowls with vegetables and meat lying all around the Island.
“Raclette?” Sophie asked her mom’s with a hopeful squeal.
Grace nodded with a playful roll of her eyes. “It doesn’t take much to make you happy, does it?”
Sophie beamed at her mother, leaning over to kiss her cheek. “Nope, just feed me my favorite foods and I’m happier than a pig in sh—”
“Sophie,” Margie scolded. “We have a guest.” She nodded at me and winked. “You don’t want to scare her off.”
“I’m not worried, Mom. I’m an excellent friend.”
“And very modest,” Grace teased, staring down at the green pepper she was slicing, her hair fanning out around her face.
I had been watching their banter with a grin on my face, but was suddenly confused at the name Sophie used. “What’s raclette?”
“You’ve never heard of it?” Sophie asked.
I shook my head, but instead of my friend, it was Grace that answered. “It’s like fondue, but on a small grill. Everybody cooks their own food and then dips them in different sauces.”
“Sounds good.”
“It is,” Sophie informed me from next to her mother, stealing a piece of green pepper from the pile on the counter. Grace slapped her hand as Sophie shot toward the stairs. “Come up to my room,” she called over her shoulder.
I smiled at her mothers and followed my friend up the shiny oak stairs.




Chapter Twelve
Her room was not what I expected. Since her clothes were what I considered, emo-sheik, I thought her room would reflect that. I was wrong. Between the white walls with only a framed picture of a garden over her desk, one rather freaky-looking poster, and a bright red blanket covering her bed, it was a little boring. The only pictures or mementoes that she had said were lacking in my room were stacked on a small shelf above her desk. Did she use up all her character on her appearance leaving nothing left for her surroundings? “I thought you said my room was bare.”
“I know it’s dull.” She said, glancing around. “But I refuse to let Margie get her hands on it.”
I was staring at the strange poster. It was of a pig standing on top of a fence. The background was black with flecks of stars dotting the top. I turned around. “What do you mean?”
“She thinks I should be funky.” I raised my brow, tempted to laugh. “Her word, not mine,” she explained. “She’s the one who talked me into streaking my hair. Plus she buys most of my clothes.”
I gaped at her, shocked that the emo-sheik, as I had labeled her look, was her mother’s doing. “Seriously?”
She nodded, falling onto her bed. She reached for her iPod and touched the screen. An unfamiliar male voice flowed out of the speaker attached to the device. The song was new to me, but I liked it. “Yeah. She thinks that since I’m Korean, I would have been raised in a strict religious family where I would need to sneak around to do anything fun. Since they adopted me she wants me to be free to make my own choices.”
“Except, she’s making some of them for you.” I wandered closer to her shelf, taking in the few pictures that were there: a selfie of Sophie and Courtney—both crossing their eyes at the camera; another of her and her moms—all of them grinning widely; and one more of her as a little girl. She was eating an ice cream cone and the pink cream was smattered over her cheeks, even a little dotted her forehead.
“Ironic, I know,” she said from behind me, bringing me back to the conversation.
I turned around and moved closer to the bed, leaning my knees against it. “Are Korean families really like that?” I asked. Her explanation had brought on a few questions. I went with the one about her mother’s obvious stereotyping.
She was scrolling through her iPod, but left the song playing. She shrugged. “How should I know? I was raised by two very white, gay women.” She smiled. “But I do know that she just wants me to be happy.”
“Are you?” I asked, surprised by the whole conversation. Sophie didn’t look like the type of girl to just do what she was told, but since her mother was the one who picked out her clothes, I wasn’t so sure about that.
She put the iPod down on her nightstand. “Yes, I am. I really do love my clothes. I’m used to them now.” She pointed to her hair. “And the pink is growing on me.” 
“If you didn’t want to do that, why didn’t you just say no?”
She lay back against the blanket, her black hair fanning out against the red. “Because she was so excited. She took me to the salon on my birthday and even offered to let me get my nose pierced. That was where I drew the line.”
“I can’t believe you let her do that.”
She gazed up at the ceiling. “She wants me to be free to express myself and when I wasn’t doing that, she helped me.” She lifted her leg up over her left knee. “Grace tries to rein her in and let me figure it out on my own, but Margie loves to shop with me, we both just let her. It makes her happy.”
“What would make you happy?”
“I am happy. I would like to learn more about my culture though. I’ve been researching Korea online and the many religions and beliefs.” She sat up and leaned down to the bottom drawer of her nightstand, digging under a bunch of paperbacks and a box of tampons. Finally finding what she was looking for, she sat up holding a black leather-bound book: A bible. There was lots of loose-leaf papers stuffed between the pages. “I write a lot of my research down and put it in here.” I could see about four more bibles in the bottom of the drawer. 
I sat on the edge of the bed, wrapping my arms around my knees. “That’s a good idea.”
She turned her head and looked at me. Her expression was anxious. “Yeah, but don’t tell my moms.”
“They don’t know?”
“No. I don’t want them to think I’m not happy with my life, because I am. I’m just curious.”
“Of course you are.” I held my hand out and she placed the book onto it. I flipped through the loose pages. There were lists of different information on her home country; it looked like there was everything on culture, religion and entertainment. There was even a list of Korean names. The name Hye was circled. “Why did you circle this?”
“It’s the name I was given by the orphanage. It means wisdom.”
“Hye,” I said out loud, testing the sound. “I like it.”
She smiled, her eyes sparkling. “Yeah, me too.”
“Have you ever considered looking for your birth parents?”
Her face was thoughtful for a second as she considered this. “I’d like to, but they’re from Korea and it was a closed adoption.” She sat up, swiveling on the bed to face me. “Remember, this is just between you and me.” She pointed to the door. “I don’t want to hurt their feelings.” There was no need for her to tell me to keep it secret. Of course I wouldn’t say anything, she was my friend. 
I handed the book to her and she stuffed it back in its hiding place.
Once she was lying in her previous spot on the bed, she fell silent, singing softly along to the song coursing through the speakers. The band was alternative and the lead singer was a guy and I really liked the sound of his voice. “Who sings this?”
“Hedly. This is one of the bands I was telling you about.”
I had planned to look them up on the Internet after she gave me her crash course on Canadian bands, but with everything else going on, I forgot. A flash of the night before came back to me and I closed my eyes, mentally pushing the thoughts away. I wasn’t ready to deal with that yet. I’d wait until Josh got back and listen to what he had to say. I leaned back against the wall and enjoyed the song, closing my eyes and nodding to the rhythm of the music. The only sound in the room other than what was flowing from the speaker was Sophie’s soft humming.
“Are you ever going to tell me about the shooting?” Sophie asked suddenly, bringing up the other subject I didn’t want to think about. 
“Not if I can help it,” I answered dryly, keeping my eyes closed, hoping to avoid the dreaded conversation. When she nudged my knee with her foot I opened my eyes, but instead of looking at her, I stared down at my fingers, picking at my purple nail polish. I had painted my nails last week when I was so bored I couldn’t think of anything else to do. I used to paint them regularly. Serena and I loved getting manicures. Then everything changed.
“Were you sick?” she asked, still was gazing up at the ceiling. When she shifted her eyes in my direction, I nodded silently. I had to lie. The truth was too horrible to think of.  She turned her head back up, focusing above her. “Are you going back? I heard they were having a memorial soon.”
Another look in my direction and this time I shook my head.
Her eyes softened with sympathy. “It must be really hard to be the only one left,” she said gently. I shrugged her comment away and stood up, drifting over to the window.
“Did you go to the funerals?”
I would have if I had been in my right mind. I shook my head sharply, staring down at the street. A boy about twelve was walking his dog on the sidewalk turning the corner that would lead to the park. “Did you know that people call the park Skeleton Park?” I asked, turning around. She sat up, her face blank with my sudden change of conversation. After a second, she nodded; a sign that it was something she didn’t want to talk about. “Is it true that there was a cemetery there?”
Another nod.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
She shrugged. “I didn’t realize you didn’t know. There’s a plaque right in the park with part of the history.” Damn that plaque. Apparently I wasn’t very observant. But how would I know there was something so awful written on it. Besides, whenever I was in the park, I was busy sketching, doing homework, or with…Austin. I only hoped we could find somewhere else to go. I didn’t think I could go back there after what I saw and knowing the truth about the history.
“Is that why you said that it wasn’t safe at night?”
“Yeah. Some people say they’ve seen or heard things there.”
“Have you?”
She frowned. “I might have once.” I was about to ask what she meant when Grace called up that dinner was ready. Both of our conversations were forgotten as we headed down the stairs.
The table was filled with dishes of various meats and slices of green peppers, onions, and mushrooms and what looked like canned potatoes. In the center was a rounded grill with little compartments underneath and triangular shaped removable dishes.
I sat down next to Sophie, with Margie across from me. She was wearing a flowered peasant dress with long gold beads around her neck that jingled every time she turned her head.
“Just take what you want and place it onto the grill. This is your dish.” Sophie pointed to the dish under the grill in front of me. I watched her put some butter, mushrooms, and potatoes in her own. “There is garlic butter or plain.”
“And pork or beef.” Grace pointed to the meat dishes. “You can take as much as you want.”
I watched Sophie put garlic butter on the hot grill and when it sizzled she put two slices of each meat on top. She sat back to wait for it to cook and glanced at me. I did the same, taking both kinds.
When our meat was finished, Sophie handed me a few sauces to dip them in. Grace’s spot on the grill was the same as ours, but I couldn’t help but notice Margie was only cooking veggies. Her plate was heaping with the Caesar salad she had made to go with dinner. “Aren’t you going to cook any meat, Margie?” I asked, as I dipped my beef into a thick dark sauce before taking my first bite.
“Oh, no, honey. I’m a vegetarian.” Sophie giggled while Grace snorted. When she shot them a dirty look, Sophie laughed harder, covering her mouth with her hand, while Grace reached out to gently lay her hand on Margie’s. Her eyes were filled with such love it was hard to watch.
When I looked away from them Sophie’s face sobered, eyeing me curiously.
During the meal, the moms talked about Sophie’s childhood, revealing adorable stories that made me laugh. During one story about Sophie lifting up her dress on the top steps of a church during a wedding with all the guests gathered in front of her, I thought I saw Margie sneak a piece of beef from Grace’s plate. Grace had been so animated in her story that she didn’t notice.
In fact, later when Sophie jumped up to get a drink, her pork disappeared from her plate. When I glanced over at Margie, she was looking down at her half-eaten salad, her jaw moving slowly. I wanted to laugh, but since I didn’t know her, I didn’t think I should. Instead, I stuffed a piece of beef covered in Hoisin sauce into my mouth, savoring the delicious taste.
Over the course of the meal, I not only discovered that Margie was a meat-klepto, stealing more pieces of meat every time someone looked away, even me when I got up to use the washroom, but I also discovered that raclette was fun. I cooked so many tiny pieces of meat and vegetables that it was difficult to keep track of how much I actually ate. Before I knew it, I was stuffed. It made me want to go out and buy one of the grills for mom and me. Although I wasn’t sure it would be the same with only two of us. raclette wasn’t just a meal. With a bunch of us around the table cooking and dipping, it was more of an experience. For the first time in a while I missed my dad. After sharing a meal with this bunch, it made my tiny family of two seem lonely.
Shaking away the sudden depressing thoughts, I looked at Sophie and smiled. I wasn’t the only one who was full. She was leaning back in her chair, her stomach protruding like she was pregnant. She mumbled, “I’m so full.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t have eaten so much meat,” Margie suggested to her daughter. “It would do you good to have more vegetables in your diet.”
Her words were so hypocritical, I couldn’t help the laugh that snuck out of my lips. I covered my mouth when all eyes turned to me.
Margie’s brows creased in confusion. “What’s so funny, dear?” Her kind voice was such a contrast to her actions, I almost laughed again.
I couldn’t help but notice the other two females at the table were fighting grins.
“She’s probably laughing because of all the pork and beef you’ve been sneaking off of our plates,” Grace offered with a loving smile to her wife and a glass of red wine in her hand.
Margie looked offended as she held a hand up to her heart, displaying a big ruby ring on her finger. “I did no such thing.” The pure insulted expression on her face nearly did me in. The laughter was bubbling inside me like a volcano, just waiting to erupt.
Sophie giggled. “Then what happened to my pork when I got up to get a drink?”
Margie shrugged. “How should I know?”
I eyed them curiously as they bickered back and forth. I couldn’t help notice Grace touch her partner’s hand or the laughter in her eyes as she smiled at Margie. The affection that they shared was visible and again hard to watch. I glanced down at my now empty plate, running my fork along the base, creating a soft screeching sound.
“You see, Avery,” Grace was saying to me, swirling the liquid in her glass. “My wife here is a wannabe vegetarian.” She moved her hand onto Margie’s shoulder, rubbing softly.
Her wife glared at Grace, daring her to say another word.
Sophie piped up, coming to her mother’s defense. “Yeah, she says she doesn’t eat meat but we catch her sneaking it all the time.” She laughed. “We usually don’t call her on it, but…” she trailed off, looking from one mother to another.
“You looked so confused,” Grace explained stifling a laugh.
Finally, Margie sighed heavily, tossing her napkin onto the table, giving up on her objections. “It’s true. I know it’s better for me to be a vegetarian—to think about what those poor animals go through just to give us sustenance is horrific—but I can’t stop myself. It’s so delicious.” The laughter that I had been holding in finally exploded. Sophie, Grace, and eventually Margie herself joined in.
~~

After dinner, we helped put all the dishes away. One drawback of raclette was that there were so many containers. It took a while to clean up.
Once we were finished, I thanked the mothers and followed Sophie back up to her room.
“What was that?” she demanded after closing her door with a loud bang. Her eyes were blazing with accusation.
I gazed at her blankly, not understanding her cold tone or the anger in her eyes. “What was what?”
“All that staring at my moms. I thought it didn’t bother you.” Her voice was a harsh whisper. Obviously she didn’t want her moms to hear what she was saying. Now that I saw her angry I didn’t want to ever get on her bad side again. “What about all that talk about Owen not being worth it because he didn’t accept them?” 
“Wait.” I held up my hand trying to figure out what she was so upset about. “You think I don’t accept your moms?”
She scowled at me in answer.
“I don’t understand why you think that.”
“You looked away every time they touched. You were that disgusted?”
I pressed my lips together as understanding hit. “Sophie, I wasn’t disgusted by their show of affection. I was jealous of you.”
Her angry expression turned to confusion. “What? Why?”
I sat down on her bed. I had never voiced these thoughts out loud before and I needed something solid to ground me. I was used to being just me and my mom, but every once in a while I saw what I was missing. “You got to grow up with two people that obviously loved each other. I wasn’t that lucky. My dad died when I was three and my mom never dated that I know of.” I paused, rubbing the soft blanket with my hand. “Even most of my old friends’ parents were divorced. Only a few were still together and not all of them were happy. You’re lucky.”
Her face softened with sympathy. “Oh.” She went silent, taking a seat on her desk chair. Her face took on a thoughtful expression. “I’m sorry for assuming the worst. I’m just a little defensive right now.” 
“Why?”
“Some friends of my moms received a hate letter demanding they leave Kingston because they were gay.”
“Are you serious?” I gasped, shocked and appalled for her family and all of the others with same-sex parents.
She nodded sadly. “My moms are trying to get them to call the police, but they’re not sure if they want to.”
“I’m surprised that that happens here in Canada.”
She shrugged, standing up and stepping toward me. She smelled of garlic and cooked meat. “Hate is everywhere, Avery.” She reached out and touched my shoulder, her face filled with emotion. “I’m sorry about your dad,” she said softly. “Now, let’s watch a movie.”
I grinned at her, pushing away the emotions that had surfaced with our deep conversation, and nodded.
~~
We stayed up late and of course Sophie insisted on driving me home—around the corner.
When I was safely in my driveway, I waved goodbye and gasped. Austin was on the edge of the park staring at me. He was wearing a black T-shirt and dark blue jeans. His short hair ruffled with the breeze and his hazel eyes were staring at me. He did not look happy.
“Where were you last night?” he yelled from across the street. His tone was sharp.
I stepped onto the road, but stopped in the middle. “I…” Couldn’t tell him what happened. Would he believe me? “Fell asleep.” I had to lie. I couldn’t find the words to explain that I saw a ghost and then listened to a crazy story from another guy. Austin and I weren’t dating, but our friendship was really important to me. If I told him the truth he would think I was crazy and not want to see me again.
His strained expression softened. “Oh. Well, are you coming over?” He gestured behind him to the area that now unnerved me.  While the grounds appeared to be a safe, enjoyable park built to entertain kids. I knew better. That was just a mirage. There was a dark secret buried under all that dirt and now I was seeing it for what it really was. Not the false image it appeared to be.
Despite my apprehension and fear, Austin was my friend. I needed to meet with him. I had come to look forward to this time every night. When I thought back to the few times I had seen something scary, Austin hadn’t been there. As long as he was with me, I should be fine. Before I could change my mind, I found myself taking the last few steps onto the curb. He held out his hand and when I placed mine into it, he led me toward the monument.





Chapter Thirteen
“Hey.” Sophie’s sudden voice startled me as she strolled into my room. I was lying back on my bed reading, music playing softly from my iPod.
Closing my book, I sat up, tossing it onto the bed next to me, a puff of dust motes blowing up into the air. “How did you get in here?”
She shrugged, taking a seat on my desk chair, her eyes roaming over my open textbooks that littered the desk. “Your mom let me in.” Just as the words left her mouth my cell rang. It was sitting on my nightstand and before I could reach for it, Sophie grabbed it. “It’s the same number that keeps calling,” she said, holding it out to me. 
I shook my head, glaring at her in warning. 
“Who is it?”
Instead of answering, I shook my head, reaching to pick up my book again.
She sighed, setting the cell back down on its previous spot. The ringing continued. “Fine, don’t tell me.”
Her eyes moved to the box of CDs. She picked up the one on the top and studied the cover.  “Do you think whoever it is will ever give up?  You’ve been here for two months now.”
I shrugged as the cell finally went silent. “Don’t know. I hope so.” Okay, that was a lie. Even though I refused to answer each phone call, I still craved to hear the voice on the other end. Before Sophie could ask any more questions I asked, “What’s up?” We hadn’t made any plans to hang out and she had never popped in before without calling. Maybe it was a sign that we were getting closer. Even though we hung out a lot, we had only known each other for a month and a half. We didn’t have the history I had with my old best friend, Serena.
She shrugged. “Nothing. I just haven’t heard from you in a few days. Not since you were at my house. What have you been up to?”
“Schoolwork mostly.”
She grimaced.  “Aren’t you done yet?” Now that school was over for her she was disgusted in the very idea of anyone doing assignments in the summer.
“Almost. I have two exams and then I’m finished.”
“How does that work online? Will you have to go back to Renwood?”
My stomach twisted at the thought. I couldn’t go back there. 
“I hope not. I think I can do it online. Mrs. Henderson will let me know on Monday.”
She placed the CD back in the box, making a clacking sound against the others. “Well, hopefully you’ll be done soon, so you can focus on more important stuff.”
“Such as?” I asked, grabbing a clip off my nightstand and smoothing my thick mess of hair into a tail.
“Beaches, parties, and boys.”
The way she chanted off her list reminded me of The Wizard of Oz: Lions, tigers, and bears, so I couldn’t help my next words. “Oh my.”
She grinned, acknowledging my classic movie reference, but otherwise ignored my comment. “Have you seen much of a certain boy?”
Could she be more specific? There were a few on my mind. But the one I was thinking of the most was Josh. He had yet to contact me again, after dropping that bomb. I knew I could look into the park’s history without him, but he had told me that he would explain. So I waited…somewhat patiently.
I had met Austin every night, making sure that he watched me as I went home, knowing that for some reason no ghosts would show up with him around. We had gotten closer over the last few nights. He told me how lonely he was since he started working nights. Since he slept during the day, I was the only person he saw outside of work. His honesty made me think that someday I might be able to open up to him more about the shootings. 
“If you mean Austin, then yes.”
“Has he kissed you yet?”
My face flushed. My mind was so far away from that, her question caught me off guard. There was no room for romance in my life. Dreams of my classmates and the fact I was being haunted by the dead residents of the park next to my house had taken over my life. And that was all I could handle right now.  “No.” I glared at her, not sure why we were having this conversation again.
Her face flushed as if remembering that I wasn’t a normal teenage girl, worrying about boys and clothes. “Oh, right, I’m sorry.”
“It’s fine,” I said softly, just thankful the conversation was over. “What about you? Have you heard from Owen?”
A flash of anger marred her smooth features. “No, and I won’t.”
“Why?”
“I overheard him talking about my mothers at Parker’s end of the year party.” The party was last night and she had asked me to go a week ago. I declined. My school year wasn’t over yet. Why rub it in?
“What did he say?” I asked, feeling anxious for her. I sat up straight on my bed, giving her my full attention.
“Matt Daniels asked him if we were still seeing each other and he told him no. When Matt asked why, he said, ‘Because her mothers are dykes.’”
My hand covered my mouth, my eyes burning with tears for her and her family. It must be horrible having other people’s prejudices thrown in your face. How could someone be so cruel?
“How did you hear them and what did you do?”
She was way too calm. If someone said something like that in front of me, I would have been devastated.
“They were in the kitchen and I was just walking in. He was facing the other way and didn’t know I was there. He must have heard me when I walked in though, because he turned around. And,” she paused, grinning at me. “I kicked him in the balls.”
My eyes widened as a grin spread over my lips, laughter bubbling up inside me. “Are you serious?”
Her face flushed with excitement as she rushed over to sit next to me. “Yes. But that’s not the best part. Matt gave Owen hell for what he said and told me not to listen to a close-minded douchebag like him. And then he led me outside so I could get some air and made sure I was okay.”
“That’s so nice.”
She nodded. “Just before I left to go home, he asked if he could call me sometime.” Her eyes shimmered with delight.
I was so happy for her. “Do you like him?”
“I’m not sure, but he’s really cute and I’d definitely like to get to know him better.”
“Well, since he already knows about your mothers and he defended you, I’d say he’s worth it to give him a chance.”
She squealed, bouncing up and down on my bed, her silky black hair flapping with her movements. “That’s what I thought too.”
“So what are you up to now?” I asked, wondering if she wanted to do something. I desperately needed a distraction. I had another nightmare the night before, but instead of my classroom, it took place in the park. I was alone, but I could hear the sound of gun-shots—exactly twenty-six.
“I’m in such a good mood,” Sophie began, saving me from reliving the nightmare. “I’m taking you to one of my favorite restaurants.” She stood up and wandered toward the mirror to check out her reflection. Her outfit today was the most risqué I’d seen yet. She was wearing jean shorts and a black bustier with a halter strap and crystals lining the collar. 
“Bubba’s?” I asked hopefully, my voice going up an octave. 
She eyed me through the mirror as I stepped behind her. “No, but it’s in the same area. Remember I told you I’d show you the ropes.” I nodded. “On to lesson two.” She waved her hand at my body. “Are you going like that?”
I glanced down at my clothes. I hadn’t changed out of my pj’s yet. Since I had finished all my assignments, I decided to catch up on some reading. I saw no reason to get dressed for that. “Ah…no. Just give me a few minutes.”
A half hour later, dressed in my standard shorts and tank, Sophie parked her mom’s station wagon at the same lot as the night she first took me to the Movies in the Square. Then she led me back to the waterfront where the breeze was cool, blowing ripples in the lake and the smell of sausages from a vendor at the edge of the grounds was strong. 
Before hitting the park, she veered toward a tall building that resembled a firehouse. When she pushed open the door into the dimly lit restaurant, I immediately noticed two things: The smell of beef and onions permeated the air. And the distinctly country music was loud, making the chatter of the patrons almost deafening.
A young hostess with a smile as wide as the brim on her cowboy hat led us to a large booth.
She handed us menus and rushed away.
I gazed around the large crowded room as I absently lifted my menu. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Sophie’s arm shoot out and slam my menu down with a smack. I gaped at her, my brows arched in question.
She shrugged. “I’ll order for you.”
I tilted my head at her. “Seriously?” I said. “Again? I can order for myself, you know.”
“I told you I was going to show you the ropes. You have to trust me.” When I simply stared at her, she added. “Was I not right about the poutine?”
Yes, she was definitely right about that. I’d had it multiple times since she introduced me to it.
A girl not much older than me approached us. “Hi, my name is Mountaineer and I’ll be your waitress today.”
Sophie piled our menus in front of her. “Hello, Mountaineer. We will both have fajitas with extra cheese and sour cream.”
Our waitress nodded and asked, “And to drink?”
“I’ll just have water.” Sophie looked at me to place my drink order.
“Oh, am I allowed to order my own drink?” I asked sarcastically.
Unfazed, Sophie nodded, as if giving me permission.
“I’ll have a Coke, please,” I said glaring at my friend.
When the waitress headed off to the back where I guessed the kitchen was located, I bent forward. “You do know I managed to eat good food without you for seventeen years.”
She was unaffected by my words, her face a blank mask. “Tell me,” she began, her voice calm, “did you have any favorite spots back at Renwood?”
“Of course.” You didn’t live in a city your whole life without growing attached to certain things, including restaurants.
“And how did you find them?”
“My mom or friends showed me.”
She smirked, tilting her head, her long silver earrings jiggling against her neck. “And did they suggest certain foods.”
Getting her point, I answered. “Yes, but not in such a bossy way.”
She feigned an injured expression, her hand hovering over her heart. “You wound me.” She paused while our waitress sat our drinks in front of us. “But seriously you will love this. They have the best fajitas in town.” She pointed behind me. “They make their own tortillas.”
I turned around to see a glass, square machine and conveyer belt in the center of the room. Little blobs of dough sailed into the machine coming out flat and steaming. 
As we waited, Sophie gushed about Matt. “You know, I never noticed him before, but after he stuck up for me, I can’t stop thinking about him.”
I grinned. “He’s your hero,” I cooed breathlessly, batting my eyelashes.
She threw her napkin at me, and it landed on my head, the smell of soap wafting into my senses. It bounced off my forehead and onto the table between us.
I laughed as the waitress returned with a basket of taco chips and a bowl of salsa.
I held up my hands in front of me after she left. “Wait! Let me guess. These are the best in town?”
She rolled her eyes and dunked a chip into the salsa. Taking a bite, she mumbled through the food. “Yes. They really are.”
I took a chip and dipped my own, hating that she was right. The chip was warm and salty tasting, and the salsa was not too hot or too plain. It was perfect. “So what’s with the waitress’s name? That can’t be real.”
She shook her head, swallowing her food. “It’s not. They make up names that relate to Texas.”
I nodded my head and took a bite of the chip. “That’s a little weird.”
She smiled, shoving another chip into her mouth. As she chewed, I glanced around the restaurant, taking in the Texan atmosphere; license plates, cowboy hats, even antlers littered the walls. My gaze stopped on a familiar face. Josh, the green-eyed guy from the park, was sitting with a guy his age and an older couple. His lips curved into a lopsided grin and he winked. In a flash, my mind went back to the last time I saw him and I spun back around in my seat. I didn’t want to think about that. I was out with my friend having fun.
“Oh, my God,” Sophie gasped. “Guess who’s here?”
My eyes grew wide. Did she know Josh and did he go to her school? Before I could ask, she waved to someone a few tables away.
“Who’s that?” I asked, following her gaze to a tall guy with light blond hair, blue eyes, and dimples.
She looked away from him and whispered, “Matt.” The hero.
While she pretended not to be staring at the guy, I noticed Josh stand up and gesture for me to follow him outside.
I excused myself and followed him.
“Hey,” he said, staring intently at me as I emerged from the loud restaurant. He was standing on the top step against the wall of the neighboring hotel. 
I moved out of the way, allowing a young couple to slip in through the door I was still holding. When it closed behind me all the noise of the restaurant stopped abruptly, leaving the only sound the hum of the car motors driving by.
“Hi.” I glanced to my right as a woman strolled by pushing a stroller. “Is there something you wanted?” I asked him, hoping to hurry his visit along. His close proximity was making me feel nervous. We had seen a ghost together, and now I associated that experience with him. No matter how many times I had seen him in the park with no incident, I would still think of the other night, and that dead soldier.
“Yeah. I was wondering if I could come over tonight.” Finally, he was ready to continue his explanation, but for some reason I was hesitant.
“Um…”
“I’ll see you about midnight. I can’t get away until then.” 
That was when I met with Austin. “I don’t know—” I started to protest, but stopped when I realized that it was the fear of learning more that was making me cautious. I had to be strong. Something was going on and I needed to know. Besides, I was sure it wouldn’t take long. I could meet Austin later. I nodded. “Sure, I’ll be home.”
He smiled at me before heading back inside.
I waited a few seconds before I followed.
“Where did you go?” Sophie asked absently, still peeking at the hot blond guy that was also sneaking glances at her.
“I went to the washroom,” I lied. I didn’t want to tell her about Josh. Besides, there wasn’t much to tell. I had only seen him a couple times and was leery of what he wanted to speak to me about.
“Then why did you go outside?”
Busted. “I saw that guy I was telling you about, Josh. He waved me out front while you were ogling Matt.”
“Seriously? Where is he?”
I glanced over at the table where I first saw him, but it was empty. They must have left. “He’s gone, I guess.”
“What did he want?”
“He asked if he could come over tonight.”
Still distracted by her hero, she muttered, “Maybe he’ll finally tell you what he wants.”
I shrugged indifferently. I hadn’t yet told her that he already had. I wanted to wait until I had more information before I risked sounding as crazy as he did.
“While you were gone, I think Matt was watching me.” She took a drink of her water.
I glanced over my shoulder and sure enough met a blue-eyed gaze. “I bet he was.”
She looked up at me. “Why do you say that?”
“Because he still is.”
She grinned like an idiot, trying not to look behind her. I couldn’t help but smile back at her. She deserved to be happy, especially after what happened with Owen.
Before she had a chance to respond, our waitress appeared with a tray piled with dishes and a large black iron frying pan filled with steaming, sizzling hot sliced beef.
Once she was gone, Sophie lifted a round brown container. Steam puffed out, revealing soft tortillas.  She pulled out two and handed me one. “So, is this a date?” she asked, spreading sour cream onto her tortilla.
As I filled my own, I glanced up at her, my lips curling into a smirk. “Sorry, but you’re not my type.”
While she rolled the now filled fajita in front of her, she stuck her tongue out at me. “With Josh, you dummy.” She bit into her food, as I finished rolling up mine.
“No. He just keeps saying that he has to talk to me about something.” Now, instead of withholding information, I was outright lying to her. I knew what he wanted, I just couldn’t tell her.
She finished chewing and then took a drink. “Do you know what it’s about?”
Feeling a bit guilty I decided to add some truth. “I think it’s about the park?” I muttered once I swallowed, feeling strange discussing this.
“What about it?”
“I don’t know. But he’s the one who told me that it used to be a graveyard.”
“I thought you knew that or I would have said something.” Her lips pressed in a thin line as she went silent, staring at the food in her hand.  “What would he have to talk about though? It happened a long time ago.”
I hadn’t told her about the ghosts I saw there. I didn’t think I could tell anyone. They wouldn’t believe me. I didn’t believe me. But since Josh saw it as well, he was the only one I could discuss it with. I shrugged. “I don’t know.”
She grinned, her face lighting up. “I bet that’s just an excuse to see you.”
I rolled my eyes and took another bite. She was right, the fajitas were amazing.
While we finished our meal, Matt and his family walked passed and Matt asked Sophie if he could call her tonight. She simply nodded at him, suddenly uncharacteristically quiet.
Once he was gone, she rushed me to finish my food, anxious to get home in time for his call.


Chapter Fourteen
When Josh knocked on my door later that night, I was waiting anxiously.
“Hi,” was his only greeting after I answered the door.
“Hi.” I stepped aside so he could slip in and then closed the door behind him. “So, what did you want to talk about?” I asked, taking a seat on my dad’s old rocker recliner. The fabric was faded and fraying in places, but Mom refused to get rid of it. It was one of the few things she still had of his.
Josh blinked as if surprised that I would get right to the point. “I-I thought we could research the park together. Do you have a laptop we can use?” He sat down on the edge of the couch, facing me.
There was an awkward silence after he asked his question. The whole situation was a bit unsettling. Even though I wasn’t sure I wanted to continue with this visit, he was here and I might as well let it play out. What was the worst that could happen? “Uh...yeah. I’ll be right back.” I left him behind feeling even more apprehensive about what we were about to learn. Would it lead to nothing or would it shine some light on the visions I had been experiencing? Because, frankly, I wasn’t entirely convinced that I had indeed seen ghosts, despite what Josh had said. I needed more proof. And as I grabbed my laptop off of my desk, I was determined to get it. I had come to love spending time at the park and I would hate it if I couldn’t do that anymore. 
As I stepped past my mom’s closed door, I paused to listen for any movement. She had gone to bed about an hour ago, but I was nervous she would wake up and find me with a boy. When all I heard was silence, I moved on.
Josh was relaxing against the couch cushions watching the reality show I had left playing on TV, when I returned to the living room. 
“Here,” I said, handing him the computer. “Since you’re the expert, you do the honors.” Before sitting down myself, I asked, “Would you like a soda?”
He nodded his head as he opened the screen and clicked on the Internet icon.
With drinks in hand, I headed back into the living room. Taking the seat next to him, I placed both cans on the coffee table. Neither of us reached for them. He was just typing in the words Skeleton Park, Kingston, Ontario, Canada. Many sites popped up and when he clicked on the top one, we both leaned in to see what would come up. It was a newspaper article dated a few years ago about a planned renewal program on the park after a few residents had discovered a grave stone and in the past, bones had begun to rise up. They described an event that happened in the nineties: after a nearby construction job disturbed the ground with all the digging, a skeleton of a man was discovered at the edge of the park.
The article also laid out some of the history: It said that in the 1800s the park was Kingston’s sole cemetery housing thousands of bodies. There was no defined number (due to lack of records at the time), but people speculated that there were thousands of unmarked graves with some of the bodies just piled on top of one another. The cemetery closed in 1864 and several years of neglect led nearby residents to complain. The graveyard was an eye sore and they wanted it moved. When the city complied they discovered that because of the soil, bedrock, and the water retention, not all the bodies had been fully decomposed. When residents learned that cholera, diphtheria and typhus were rampant in the early 1800s and the diseases were the suspected cause of death for many of the dead, they asked for the relocating to be terminated. They were worried that the diseases had been lying dormant all that time and might spread once again.
I stopped reading and sat back. It just seemed so strange and creepy that a place I spent most of my time at had such a dark history. What I had read sounded like a plot in a movie, not real life. “This is…” I trailed off, a cloud of shock and fear overwhelming me.
“Crazy?” Josh finished for me. His voice was closer than it should have been. I turned my head, and there he was staring at me, his face only inches away. His gaze was filled with the shock that must have mirrored my own.
I nodded, unable to voice my answer. “I can’t believe they would allow kids to play on a former cemetery knowing that they could stumble on a bone, or worse.”
Josh nodded his head in agreement; his eyes flashing with sadness. I could understand the first emotion, but not the second. All of this happened hundreds of years ago.
He turned away from me, bending over the laptop, and clicked on another site. “This one says that there are at least twenty-five thousand bodies.” He closed the page and clicked on another, reading silently for a brief moment. “And this one says there are only eleven thousand.”
“I guess we’ll never know. Like the first article said, back then they didn’t keep proper records. But by the size of the park and all the bones that have been discovered I’d bet it’s closer to the first number.”
While I sat back and stared out the window at the site in question, Josh clicked on another web page. “It says here that the land that was first populated was closest to the waterfront. And there were multiple plots to claim it. The first known battle was a group of French from a settlement that is now known as Montreal, they took it from the Indians. But years later, the British took it from the French. There were many dead from the battles and they were all buried in the park.”
“Plus all those diseases that wiped out a lot of the city,” I added.
He nodded. “It also says that there are at least ten thousand Irish and Scottish immigrants buried there as well.”
“Then obviously there are a lot more than eleven thousand,” I murmured, wondering if that little girl I saw was killed by a disease. She had been clutching her stomach. I pushed the thought away. I hadn’t seen anything. My mind was only playing tricks on me. Because of the shooting at my school, my mind was submerged with death. That had to be the only explanation.
“I think that ghost we saw was a soldier. He must have been with the British that fought for the land.”
My eyes went wide. “We didn’t see a ghost. There must be another reason for what we saw.”
“Yeah?” he asked, his brows arched. The twitch of the corner of his mouth told me he found my denial humorous. “Like what?”
I paused, searching for something that would explain both of us seeing the same thing—but nothing came. However, that didn’t mean it was a ghost. As the silence stretched on, I heard raindrops splatter on the roof, and then against the window.
Even if all of this was true, why would Josh care? He said he was just visiting family. “Where are you from?” I asked suddenly. Something about his story didn’t add up.
His face washed with discomfort. “Toronto.”
“And you said that you’re staying with your aunt and uncle?” When he nodded, I asked, “Then why do you care so much?”
He stood up, wandering over to the window. His back was to me as he stared out the window, no doubt gazing past the tree and into the park. I could see the rain was picking up; fat drops were now pelting the windowpane, the sound not unlike a drum beat. “It’s complicated.”
“Not good enough. You want me to believe in ghosts and that this former cemetery is haunted, but why would you care? You don’t even live here.” My voice was getting louder. His cryptic answers were becoming quite frustrating.
“It’s not that I want you to believe. I just want you to be cautious. I’ve seen you at the park a lot, you need to be careful.” His tone was serious and there was a warning in it.
“Again, why? What do you think will happen? Even if I did believe what I saw were ghosts, they can’t hurt me.”
He spun around, his straggly hair flopping in his eyes. “Ghosts? You’ve encountered more than the one that we saw together?”
Crap. I really didn’t want to get into that. I wasn’t convinced what I saw was real. I had no intention of sharing it with anyone else. “No,” I lied. I was used to hiding my feelings; this was no different.
He narrowed his eyes as he stalked toward me, bending over until his face was just inches from mine. This close, I could see a small scar on his forehead and a few freckles under his eyes. “Listen. I don’t know any more than you do, that what we saw was really a ghost, but I do know that you have to be careful. The park is dangerous, especially after dark.”
“What are you saying? I don’t understand.”
Instead of answering he backed away. His face that was previously agitated turned white with fear.
“What aren’t you telling me?” I asked, standing up to face him.
He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. The drone of the TV sounded louder with a commercial. Just when I thought he was going to open up, he returned to the window, his back to me. He continued to stare out in silence. I wanted to speak up and make him tell me, but I felt that he needed this time to clear his thoughts. Whatever he was hiding was personal. I knew how hard it was to open up and the need to deal with it internally.
After a few moments of waiting, I sat back down.
Finally, he spoke, turning around to face me. “My family and I live in a suburb in Toronto and five years ago, my brother came here to visit my aunt and uncle.” He paused, taking a deep breath. “That was the last time we saw him alive.”
“What happened?”
He shrugged, his expression strained. “My aunt said that he met a girl that lived nearby. He was killed in the park when he was walking home late at night.”
I gasped. There had been a murder right across the road from my new house? I was shocked and a little frightened. “How?”
“Stabbed to death.”
“Did they ever catch who did it?”
He shook his head, anger taking over his expression. “No. There were no witnesses, no fingerprints or evidence anywhere.”
“Where was he found?”
“Behind the baseball diamond.”
Emotions were starting to poke at the wall in my mind, and I pushed them back. “I am so sorry, Josh. I know what it’s like to lose someone.” I was referring to my father, because losing one family member can’t even compare to what happened at my old school. They were two totally different situations.
His face softened at my words. “Who did you lose?”
“My father. But it was a long time ago. I don’t remember him, but I see his loss in my mom almost every day. She still hasn’t moved on.”
His lips pressed into a thin line. “My mom is still sick about his death. She hasn’t been able to move on either. It’s causing problems in my parents’ marriage.”
“Is that why you’re here, to get away from her grief?”
His eyes narrowed, turned cold. “No. I can’t let it go either. I need to find his killer, but when it happened I was young and couldn’t do anything about it. My parents finally let me come out here a few months ago.”
My forehead creased as confusion set in. “For what?”
“I’m going to find whoever did it.” His words were said in a defiant tone, as if he was expecting me to argue.
“Isn’t that the police’s job?”
He shook his head, clearly disgusted by their progress. “They haven’t found anything after five years so I doubt they ever will.”
“And you think you can? How old are you, seventeen?”
He shook his head. “I’m eighteen, but age doesn’t matter. I’m not stopping until I do.”
“You said that it’s not safe at the park at night. Why? Your brother was killed five years ago. I really doubt the person is still around.” Wringing my hands together nervously, I watched him step away from the window and move toward me. 
“I think they are. I don’t think they can leave.” His voice was ominous.
“What do you mean?” Fear was slowly building inside me.
“I think it was a ghost that killed my brother.” The silence that followed his announcement was so thick it drowned out any sounds coming from the TV. But I still refused to believe. Denial was safer. 
He must have seen the skepticism on my face because he held a hand up before I could protest. “I have been researching the park since he was killed.” He stalked over to my laptop and opened the screen. “Look.”
He typed some words into the search engine, the tapping of the keys blending with the raindrops on the roof above us: Deaths in Skeleton Park, Kingston, Ontario. A long line of names popped up. My eyes went wide with horror. Was this really happening?
“It adds up to every five years and each person was stabbed in the back.”
All the blood in my body turned cold. I knew that after tonight I could never go back there. Were we even safe here, only a street width away from it?
I was silent. So much information was whirling around in my head.
“You told me you hadn’t researched it online,” I said after a long pause. My voice was barely a whisper. Of all I had learned over the last hour, his false words were the first thing that popped in my head.
“I didn’t want to overwhelm you. I’m sorry I lied.”
It really didn’t matter; I’d been doing the same thing to Sophie. And I hadn’t said a word about this to my mother. “And you think a ghost did this?” I asked, my voice even less audible than before.  
“I’m not exactly sure, but I’m not ruling anything out.”
“Why are you telling me this?” I asked incredulously.
“Because I need a favor.” I wasn’t expecting those words. What could I possibly do? “I’ve been watching the park as much as I can, except at night. If I’m seen there, no one would show up. I was hoping you’d let me stake it out from your house.”
“My mom would never approve.”
“So, don’t tell her. All the deaths happened late at night, you can sneak me in after she goes to sleep.”
My mind was too full with the names I had seen on the screen. Every five years since the seventeen hundreds someone was killed. And Pearl let us move here? I had to tell my mom. We had to leave right away. The sense of déjà vu filled me and it wasn’t a welcome feeling. I shouldn’t have left Renwood like I did after the school shooting, but I just couldn’t deal with everything. I was known as the only survivor, but I wasn’t entirely sure that was true. Something in me died that day right along with the rest of the class. And now, I was in another life-or-death situation. I wasn’t sure if I could face it. After all, I was a runner. I ran from problems, I never faced them head on.
“Are you all right?” Josh asked, concern evident in his tone.
I wasn’t sure how to answer that. All the information he had thrown at me, along with everything I had run from, came pouring out. The dam I had worked so hard to build suddenly broke. It was unable to hold more, the threat of ghosts, murder, and a haunted park were too much for me. My mind was spinning.
The sounds of sobbing came to me as if through a thick fog. When I realized it was coming from me, I fell onto the floor and let go, my head lolling back and forth against the cold hardwood. It was just too much. I knew what would happen next. I would wake in a fog, unable to communicate even if I wanted to, the images too harsh for my mind to take. I waited for it to happen, but it never did. Instead, I felt strong arms around my shoulders pull me up and I fell into them, letting the near stranger comfort me.
“They’re all dead and it’s my fault.” My voice was ragged and raspy.
“How could it be your fault, you didn’t even live here and a lot of the deaths happened before you were born.”
“Not that,” I bellowed through my sobs. My voice was muffled against his shoulder. “He killed them all,” I whispered through the ache in my throat. “The shots were so loud and there was so much blood, it splattered all over the window.” The images were so clear in my mind. I could see Laurie lying on the floor behind Joey, her shiny blond hair tainted crimson from blood. Joey had turned around and smiled at me, a pimple disappearing in a crease of his skin, just before he pulled the trigger. 
The memories that flooded my mind were too…much…I couldn’t…take anymore. It was happening again, and I couldn’t stop it. Pressure began to build in my head and my ears started to ring. The sound rose into a loud shriek just as darkness took over and they drifted away.




Chapter Fifteen

When I awoke in the dark, I was no longer in the living room—I was in my bed and I was not alone. Josh was lying next to me, his arm flung over my shoulder. I could feel his bare arm against me and just the tip of material from his T-shirt. Despite the fact that we had just officially met a few nights ago, I felt safe from his proximity, and yet a little confused. I glanced at the clock and saw that it was three a.m. The gentle thrumming on the roof told me that it was still raining, but not as hard as it had been.
“You feel better now?” His soft voice was edged with concern in the darkness.
Memories of our visit slowly returned and I cringed when I remembered freaking out in his arms. “Yes. Thank you, for”—holding me, giving me comfort—“helping me.”
“You’re welcome. Do you want to tell me what that was all about?”
As I sat up, his arm fell back onto the bed with a soft thud. I could see in the low light that we were over the covers and that indeed his black T-shirt was a little wrinkled. How long have we been lying here? A flush of embarrassment warmed my cheeks at the thought of him carrying me to my bed. It was the second time in a few months that I had been carried like a baby, but before that, it hadn’t happened since I was a child, after falling asleep watching TV. I’d wake up in my room and assume that somehow I had magically appeared in bed, never guessing that my mom would be able to carry me. I only wished that was the case now. It would definitely be less embarrassing than having a guy I hardly knew know how much I weighed. “Why are you here, what if my mom wakes up?”
He allowed me to change the subject with a slight smile. “When you passed out, I brought you up here. I haven’t heard your mom, she must still be sleeping.”
Thankfully, it had only been a few hours. I hadn’t gone catatonic like I feared. I just passed out. A wave of relief flooded my wounded soul. “Why didn’t you just leave?”
“I couldn’t leave you like that. I wanted to make sure you were all right.”
His words stirred an emotion that I was too numb to feel. He had comforted me as I cried and continued to take care of me after I passed out. Waking up in his arms should have been creepy, but instead, I was thankful. After everything I had went through tonight, I didn’t want to be alone. “Thank you,” I whispered softly. Since it was so dark in the room, it didn’t feel right to talk in a normal voice.
“You want to tell me what that was about?” He repeated his earlier question. His voice was almost as soft as mine. He must have felt the same way about the darkness, or he didn’t want to wake my mom. 
I hesitated in answering him. I hadn’t said the words out loud to anyone. Only a few people in the world actually knew the whole truth. I was whisked away before anyone could see me. Even though Josh was a stranger, I felt I could trust him. He had shared his secret with me which he’d been reluctant to do and trusted me enough to ask me for help. I needed to tell someone. The secret was killing me. “I saw someone kill himself.”
“Who?”
I was thankful for the darkness. I couldn’t see his reaction and I was hoping he couldn’t see mine. “Joey Emerson.”
“Who’s that?”
“You don’t know the name? I thought everyone would know about the school shooting.”
“I’m sorry, but I’ve been busy looking for my brother’s killer. I haven’t really been paying attention.” He paused and I felt him rub my arm gently. “He’s the one you said killed them all?”
I nodded slowly. “I was running late that morning. My boyfriend broke up with me the night before and I slept in. I went to my locker and dropped off my bag and rushed to English class. When I turned down the hall leading to my class, I heard what I thought was a door slamming. I didn’t think anything of it, until I heard a few more. The closer I got, the louder the noise grew.” I paused, swallowing a lump the shape of a porcupine, its jagged thorns scraping my windpipe, making my throat raw. Josh was silent, his gaze locked on me. “The noise stopped when I got to the door of my class. It was closed. Joey was inside, standing in front of it, facing the classroom. He must have heard me reach for the doorknob, because he turned around and saw me through the window.”
“What did he do?” Josh whispered.
“He smiled.” I could see Joey’s face in my mind as though it was yesterday, the dark messy hair, the pimples that dotted his forehead and chin, his eyes that lit up with that grin. He looked…happy. “And then…he aimed the gun at his head…and pulled the trigger.”
Before I could say anything more, I was yanked into Josh’s arms so fast I barely registered the movement. His shirt smelled of fresh air. “That must have been horrible,” he said into my hair.
“Yeah…I guess.”
He pulled back, gazing into my eyes curiously. “What do you mean, you guess?”
Truthfully, I think I was still in shock. When it happened, my mind couldn’t handle what I had seen and I passed out in the hallway. I was told that Mr. Reynolds rushed me into the nurse’s room before anybody could see what happened. He didn’t want anyone to know what I saw, assuming that people would bombard me with questions. When I woke, I was at home and I was catatonic. I could see and hear what was happening, but the horrible images that I had witnessed kept replaying over and over in my mind, making my thoughts a blur. I couldn’t speak, I could barely move. My mom probably should have taken me to the hospital like my aunts advised her to do, but she was too terrified to let me out of her sight. She was sure she could bring me back. She sat with me every day, talking about my dad, my cousins, aunts and uncles, even my friends that had thankfully survived the shootings. I didn’t have any close friends in that class, but I had known all of them a long time. When I finally came out of it, my mother arranged for me to see a psychiatrist, but I refused. I was sure if I talked about it, I would return to the place I had just come out of and I never wanted that to happen again. Both my mother and I handled it badly; I built the wall to hide the memories, while my mom took me away from everything.
“After it happened I had a breakdown, and then we moved here. I’ve been pushing all the memories down, so it doesn’t happen again. It feels like a dream, or a movie, definitely not real.”
“I can see that. Your mind must have known what you couldn’t handle, so it shut down.”
I nodded again, unable to voice the thoughts buzzing in my mind. “I’ve never told anyone what I saw. I’ve barely spoken of the shooting.”
Josh brushed a lock of hair out of my eyes, his finger gently touching my forehead. “It will probably help if you talk about it more often.”
I thought for a moment, wondering if my revelation had affected me in any way and was surprised to feel that it had. During the shooting and weeks after, my poor emotions had taken a beating, like my soul had been raked over the coals and was left broken. And now with my confession, it was as if some of my ragged and beaten spirit had healed. It wasn’t much of a difference, maybe a bruise had faded, an abrasion smoothed out, but it was something. Now that I had told someone the truth, I wasn’t sure why I had been keeping it a secret. When I was speaking the words they didn’t feel like it had happened to me, like I said, it felt more like a dream or a movie. I only wished that I’d wake up and go about my day, rushing to English class to see Miss Adams and the rest of the class. 
“Have you ever thought of talking to someone?” His soft voice was filled with compassion.
“I’m talking to you.”
“You know what I mean.” His breath puffed against my ear, making me shiver.
I did know what he meant and after it happened, I had refused. However, I was beginning to see the benefit of getting some of my secrets off of my chest and I hadn’t even said much. I couldn’t imagine what talking to a trained psychologist would do. “I might.”
“Do you want to tell me more?” Since I could barely see him, it was as if his voice floated in the darkness.
“There’s not a lot more to say.” I was glad he hadn’t heard of the shooting. If he had, that would mean he had seen the coverage on TV. And just after it happened, it was all that was on. It used to bother me how often they had spoken Joey’s name. I wondered at the time if he did it to be less invisible and if that was the case, he certainly got his wish. I also was afraid of other kids seeing how infamous Joey had become, that they might follow in his footsteps. After all, if you want instant fame you just have to shoot someone. It didn’t matter if it ruined the lives of everyone involved, not to mention the innocent lives he took. 
When the reporters ran out of information on Joey they started on me. The TV had been abuzz about the girl that had missed that specific day. One reporter in particular had suggested that I might have known what was going to happen and that was why I stayed home. After that was said, my mom refused to let me watch any more coverage. I was tempted to tell the truth, that I was there, only late, but if I was attacked before, I imagined it would have been way worse if they knew. Every reporter in the city would have wanted my story; after all, I was the only witness to the horrible crime.
With all my thoughts on the news reports I remembered what Sophie had called me. “They called me The Survivor,” I added, disgust dripping from my words.
“That’s a good thing isn’t it, you did survive.”
“No, I hated it. Every time I heard it, I felt guilty.”
When he opened his mouth to speak, I pressed my finger to his lips. “Don’t tell me that it’s not my fault. If I had been there, I could have stopped him.”
He pulled my hand away but held on, linking his fingers with mine. The contact comforted me. “I wasn’t going to. I was going to ask how you ended up here.”
“Oh.” I leaned back on the bed, my head propped on my other arm. “My mom was terrified that there would be another shooting, so she moved us to Canada.”
“Better gun control?” 
I nodded. “Yep.” The noisy poodle next door let out a shrill bark, followed by a few more. After a growl, it went quiet again.
“I’m so sorry, Avery.” He leaned in closer. “I’m sorry for all you’ve been through and everything I asked you to do to help me. You don’t have to. I’ll find another way. If I had known, I never would have asked.”
I sat up, the springs of the bed squeaking under me, and stared into his intense face. “No, I want to help. When you first told me about what happened to your brother and all the others before him, my first instinct was to tell my mom and run again. But that’s not going to work. After what you told me, I realize that bad things happen everywhere, I can’t outrun them. Besides, if I help you find what is happening in the park, we’ll be saving others from the same outcome. I couldn’t save my classmates, but I can try to do this.”
He was quiet for a few moments as he considered my words. Then he dropped my hand and ran his own through his hair, sighing heavily. “I don’t want to risk your life.” His voice was laced with kindness and worry.
“But you didn’t mind doing it before you knew I was The Survivor.”
“All I was asking was to use your house.”
“Well, now I’ll be right along with you stopping whatever or whoever is killing people.”
“No.” His voice turned stern. “I don’t even know what I’m dealing with yet. I won’t ask you to help with anything else. I’ll just sit and watch out your window, and if I do anything, you’ll stay inside.”
I shrugged, knowing that he couldn’t stop me.
“Do you want me to leave?” he asked, the sternness gone from his voice.
A wave of panic washed through me at the thought of being alone. It didn’t matter if it was a stranger or someone I had known for years, I just wanted to know that someone was there. It helped to feel his warmth next to me. Right now this near-stranger was my security blanket, and I needed him. I knew I could have climbed into bed with my mom, but I had been pushing her away for so long I didn’t know how to let her in. “No. Can you stay?”
I felt him nod. “I texted my aunt earlier and told her I was staying here, just in case.”
We talked for a little longer and once I was ready to go back to sleep, I locked the door and climbed into bed. Josh stayed above the covers, but kept his arm wrapped over my waist. I needed to know someone was there. There was still too much death in my mind and I craved the comfort of another person. I fell asleep with thoughts of my classmates, but not of their mangled bodies, as I usually did; instead, I dreamed of their smiling faces.
~~
The sun beaming in my eyes woke me from a deep sleep. When I opened them, I was alone. The rain must have stopped, sucked away by the sunlight. There was no note from Josh, but that was okay, I knew he would be back tonight—which meant I had a problem. I couldn’t hang out with Austin if I was staking out the park with Josh. Not that I had any interest in meeting him there, especially at night. We’d just have to hang out in the mornings, before he went to work instead. Since I didn’t have his phone number or address, I’d have to wait until tonight to let him know. The very idea of going there after dark gave me the creeps but I didn’t have a choice, I had to let him know why I wouldn’t be meeting at our usual time and why I hadn’t been there for the last couple of nights.
~~
“Hey,” I called out to Mom, where she sat at the kitchen table. She was glued to the laptop in front of her, her face intense with concentration. When I peeked at the screen, I saw what held her attention.  It was a cover for a book. It was beautiful, of course, as all of her work was. “Looks good.” I sat down next to her and snagged an apple from the fruit bowl, taking a juicy bite. There was a plate of doughnuts next to it, but I didn’t think my stomach could hold anything heavy.
She glanced up at me absently. “Thanks.” She was about to look away, but did a double take. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing. Why?” I asked mid-chew
“You look pale and exhausted. Did you have nightmares?” The alarm was clear in her voice.
Actually I slept really well; knowing that I wasn’t alone seemed to calm me. “No. I’ve just decided a few things.”
She leaned back in her chair, studying me. “About…” Her face lined with apprehension as she waited for my answer.
I took a deep breath, gaining courage as I thought about Josh and what had happened the night before. “I’d like to talk to someone.”
She sat up, her face lighting with hope. “A psychologist?” When I nodded, she smiled. “What changed your mind?”
“I kind of freaked out in front of a guy I barely know last night.”
Her face fell. “What guy?”
“Just a guy I see at the park all the time. We were hanging out, and I just kind of lost it.”
“When did this happen, you were home when I went to bed.” Oh crap, how was I supposed to explain?
“I was reading on the porch and he was walking by. We talked for a bit.”
  She stood up and approached me. I was afraid she was angry about me being outside late at night, but when I looked at her face I only saw sympathy. “Oh, honey.” She reached for my hand and pulled me into a hug. “What happened?”
I gulped the lump that had formed in my throat. “I told him everything.” My throat burned, my eyes stung. But I couldn’t cry. I was afraid that if I allowed the tears to fall, I wouldn’t be able to stop.
“Oh, baby,” she cooed into my hair. Her scent washed over me, comforting me as much as her embrace. “I’m so glad.”
That was not what I expected to hear. I had just confessed to freaking out on a guy I didn’t know, why would she be glad. I pulled back and gave her a confused look. “What?”
“Well, maybe it wasn’t the best time for it to happen. But I’m really glad you opened up to someone.” She smiled, brushing her finger against my check, the gesture soothed me. “I’m going to make an appointment for you right now.” She pulled away and went for the phone book that was laid out on the counter.
“Right now?”
She smiled sadly. “I’m going to do it before you change your mind.” Just as she picked up the phone, there was a knock at the door. Mom put the phone down and went to answer it. I wiped my face and took another bite of my apple.
“Hey, Mrs. Barnes.” I heard Sophie’s voice before I saw her. 
“Hi, Sophie, you here to see Avery?”
“Yeah, is she here?”
“Sure, come on in.”
“What are you doing here so early?” I asked, twisting the stem on the apple. 
She wandered over to me where I sat at the breakfast bar. “I did something you guys might not be happy about.” Sophie’s face scrunched up in a guilty expression.
“What?” my mom and I asked at the same time, apprehension dripping from our tone.
“I kind of let it slip to my moms that your father passed away when you were young.” She pointed to me and then faced Mom. “And that you hadn’t dated since.”
My mom’s eyes narrowed at my new friend. “Sophie.” My mother’s tone was not a happy one. “What does that mean?”
Sophie grinned wickedly. “They might have asked my uncle to come over to dinner…and they might want you guys to come too.” When my mom only continued to stare, she went on. “They want to set you up with him. He’s really cute and he’s a doctor.”
Mom’s eyes widened to the size of the doughnuts that sat on the plate in the middle of the counter. “They don’t even know me.”
“I know, but I told them everything I knew. Sorry.”
“I have no interest in being set up.”
“Come on, Mom, what could it hurt?” I said, knowing she wouldn’t go if I didn’t have my say. It was true what I told Sophie that night. She hadn’t dated in fourteen years. It was time.
My mom spun on me, her eyes accusing. “Avery. You’re not helping.” Her deer in the headlights expression was too much, and a laugh slipped out before I could stop it. Sophie joined me and eventually my mother smiled. “Fine. What time is dinner?” Mom grumbled.
Chapter Sixteen

“I’m going to regret this, aren’t I?” my mother asked as I knocked on Sophie’s door later that afternoon. The sun was still shining; the rain from last night forgotten. The sound of a lawnmower whirred in the distance, creating the scent of fresh-cut grass. A little boy riding a big wheel chugged by us on the sidewalk, yelling out a battle cry. 
I smiled, amused by her objections and the boy that we could still hear from a few feet away. “Probably,” I replied. “But you’ll have fun. Sophie’s mothers are really great.”
Before Mom could respond, the door swung open and a tall man with short, dark blond hair, gray-blue eyes, and scruff along his jaw stood in the doorway. He was wearing a royal blue button-down shirt and dark jeans.
Sophie peeked under his arm. “Hey Avery, Mrs. Barnes, this is Uncle Mark.”
Mark smiled, perfect white teeth shining bright. “Hello, Avery, Mrs. Barnes.”
Mom returned his smile, her cheeks flushed a little. The color actually complemented her complexion. Like me, she had black hair and fair skin, and any form of color was welcome. It took her three changes of clothes before deciding on the red sleeveless dress that fell just above her knee. I talked her into pulling her hair back and adding some makeup. She looked great.
“It’s Caroline,” Mom insisted with a flush of her cheeks.
“Caroline, it’s so nice to meet you.” He held his hand out to her and when she took it he led her inside.
“Did you see their faces?” Sophie whispered into my ear. “They’re hot for each other already.”
“Sophie,” I gasped as she dragged me inside, closing the door behind us. “That’s gross. She’s my mother.”
She only wiggled her eyebrows, rushing toward the adults as they all approached each other.
“Vegetarian lasagna? Who are you kidding, Margie?” Mark asked with a smile directed at his sister when Grace pulled the dish out of the oven. His question sparked laughter from the three of us that knew her secret.
Mom glanced around at each of us with questions dancing in her eyes.
“My sister says she’s a vegetarian,” Mark began.
“I am!” Margie cut in, smacking him with a dish towel. She was again wearing a long flowing dress; this time though, a Kiss the Cook apron covered it.
“She wants to be,” Mark explained. “Ever since we were kids and her best friend Hazel went on a ‘Save the Animals’ kick.”
“But she sneaks meat every chance she gets,” Sophie said, laughing. The rest of us joined in, all of us but my mother who looked a bit shell-shocked. 
We had just walked in and already the group was loud and teasing each other. It was worlds away from our quiet home. Just when I worried that Mom might not appreciate the difference as much as I had, I noticed a smile stretch over her lips.
Margie shot everyone who was laughing a dirty look, prompting my mom to join in. It was the first time I had heard her laugh since the shooting and a long time before that. She was a wonderful mom, but I wouldn’t say she was happy. She was still mourning my father fourteen years after his death and it was time she moved on.
For the next few hours the parents sat around trading stories of their daughters, as Sophie and I rolled our eyes and cringed at embarrassing tales. I couldn’t count how many times Mark’s gaze landed on my mom. And I was happy to see hers land on his half as much. Sophie was right; they were hot for each other.
After the inedible lasagna was tossed into the garbage, and the pizza that was delivered was eaten, we all moved to the living room where the grown-ups had wine and Sophie and I sat grinning at my mom and Mark. They were sharing a couch, sitting closer to each other than necessary, both listening intently to Grace who was telling them about the hate letter her friends had received. Apparently they still hadn’t gone to the police, as much as Grace and Margie had hoped they would. I wasn’t really listening to everything she was saying though, instead concentrating on my mom’s face. She was glowing. A night out with people her own age, with a potential suitor, was definitely good for her. When she stood up and declared it was time to go, Sophie asked if I could stay a little while longer.
As I looked to my mother for guidance, Margie spoke up. “Mark, why don’t you walk Caroline home so the girls can hang out?”
“No, that’s okay. We just live around the corner,” my mom explained, obviously not wanting to bother anyone.
Mark stood up and headed for the door. I smelled a cloud of cologne when he walked past me. “I insist. It’s a nice night. I could use some fresh air.”
Before the door shut behind them Mark turned to his sister and gave her a wink.
“They are so going to make out,” Sophie guessed the instant the door clicked shut.
“Eww, that’s enough,” I replied dryly.
“You can’t go home until he comes back,” Sophie said to me in her bossy tone.
Suddenly remembering Josh’s warning about going to the park at night, my stomach twisted with worry. “I hope he doesn’t stay too late.”
My words seemed to dampen the mood. The three women with me shared a strained look. “Don’t worry Avery. He knows better,” was the response from Grace.
What did that mean? Did they know about the deaths? I was tempted to ask, but Sophie grabbed my arm, dragging me upstairs before I could.
~~
With my heart racing and chills running over my skin, I stood at the edge of the park later that night. One foot was on the road, ready to run for my life, the other placed tentatively on the grass. It was just after midnight and I was waiting for Austin. I heard his footsteps before I saw him appear behind the monument.
His expression was a mixture of happiness and concern. “Are you all right?” he asked, stepping closer to me, taking in my hesitant stance.
My foot twitched with the urge to step back onto the safety of the road. “Why do you ask?”
“Well, you never showed last night and you look nervous.” He nodded to my tentative position on the edge of the curb with a raised brow.
“Um…” Should I tell him all that I had learned? If I did, I feared he might think I was crazy and after all we had shared, I really couldn’t take that. “I was just wondering if we could meet in the mornings before you go to work. I shouldn’t stay up so late every night.” My excuse was weak, I knew that. I was almost eighteen and it was summer. What girl my age complained about staying up too late?  I couldn’t come up with another reason though, without looking like an idiot. “I have to study for two exams and I’ve been sleeping in too much.” It was true, but I had already finished the first exam. And the next one shouldn’t be that bad. Mrs. Henderson had found a way for me to do them online with my mom supervising. I was almost free to enjoy the summer.
“Oh. Well, there was something I wanted to talk to you about.” He shoved his hands in his pockets as a siren blared in the distance followed by a few honks of a horn. “I can’t stay tonight anyway. I’m leaving for Ottawa in the morning and I have to pack. My factory is opening another one there and they need me to go and help train new workers. A few guys and I are heading out.”
Disappointment hit me harder than I expected, like a sucker punch straight to the gut. I was surprised how disappointed I was. I never realized how much I counted on our time together. “Okay. Well…will you let me know when you get back?”
“Of course.” He approached me slowly almost as if he expected me to bolt. He leaned down and kissed my cheek. His lips hovered over my skin, his earthy scent stronger than ever. It was the first time he had ever made contact with me. It almost felt like goodbye and just the thought of that made my heart ache. I didn’t have a lot of friends. I couldn’t afford to lose any. 
“I’ll miss you,” he whispered before he turned and walked away. When he stepped around the monument, I turned and rushed inside, still leery of the park and what I now knew was buried under it.
~~
Josh showed up about a half hour later and we hunkered down on my porch for the night. I brought snacks and blankets even though the air was warm. I used my grandmother’s and felt comforted by thoughts of her and the memories of the time I spent with Austin on it.
We gave up a few hours later when I kept drifting off. Every time sleep overtook me and my head dipped lower, the sound of the yippy dog would startle me and I’d jerk awake. The annoying mutt was barricaded on the front step next door with a gate. It would snarl at us and stick its paws between the slats in an attempt at escape.
Other than the dog, the park was quiet. The only activity had been around two a.m. when a large golden Lab wandered through the grounds and lifted his leg against the monument, provoking the poodle next door to explode into a fit of barking. If I hadn’t already made my decision to stay away, the sight of the lab peeing on my favorite spot would have been the deciding factor. I had once marked my territory with my handmade quilt, taking up the few feet of grass in front of the monument, but with the Lab’s action, I’d gladly let him have it.
After saying goodbye to Josh, and heading inside quietly, careful not to wake my mother, I fell on my bed and fell to sleep instantly.
The sound of a high-pitched screech jerked me out of my slumber. My heart was fluttering as fast as a jackhammer. Since the house and street outside my window was silent, I knew it must have been in my mind. It had been happening a lot since that fateful day. The sound was an echo of a scream brought on by an act of evil. 
I stood up to clear my head. I had been dreaming of Joey. He was simply staring at me…and then that creepy smile appeared on his face. 
I shook the image away and moved to the window. A shriek that only dogs could hear ripped from my body at the sight before me. This time the sound was real. It wasn’t an echo, or a dream. It was a reaction to what I was seeing. In the dead white tree across the road, a man hung from a branch, his hollow eyes staring lifeless at me as he swung gently back and forth.
Suddenly, arms circled me, making me jump. But when the scent of gardenias reached me, the screams ceased. My mother’s warm embrace and her familiar scent were like a warm blanket thrown over me, instantly calming me. The silence that followed was abrupt, filling empty air.
“What’s wrong?” Mom whispered in my ear.
I pointed to the tree across the road, but the man was gone. The park was empty. “I had…a dream.” It wasn’t really a lie, I did have one, but it wasn’t nearly as upsetting as the ghosts that seemed to be taunting me.
“How about some hot chocolate?” my mom asked. Strangely, her offer sounded perfect. She used to make it for me when I couldn’t sleep as a child.
When I nodded, slowly calming down, she stepped away and took my hand to lead me down stairs. The feel of her fingers linked securely in mine grounded me, pulling me from the dream and the darkness that surrounded the park.
We sat in the dim living room with the gas fireplace roaring in the hearth. Mom had turned it on as we settled on the couch with a blanket and steaming cup of cocoa. Not that there was any need for the heat; the fire was more for ambiance. And it helped; the dream and the image of the man in the tree began to fade as warmth settled inside me.
“So what happened with Mark?” I hadn’t had a chance to ask her earlier. By the time I got home from Sophie’s, Mom was sleeping.
A smile spread over her face, lighting her eyes. She leaned her head on her elbow, her bed-head hair covering her arm. “Not much. We laughed, talked, and then…” She turned to face me, the smile replaced by a concerned frown. “He asked me out.”
I didn’t understand her expression. Wasn’t that a good thing? “That’s great, Mom.”
A hint of the smile reappeared. “Is it? Are you sure you’re okay with this?”
“Of course I am. You have been alone for too long and besides, I barely remember Dad.” That might have been the wrong words to say because her eyes pooled with tears. “I mean. Don’t worry about me thinking you didn’t wait long enough to move on, it’s been fourteen years. It’s time.”
For the second time in one night, I was wrapped in a Mom-scented hug. “Oh, honey, I’m so glad you’re okay with this…” She trailed off as she released me, “But I have to admit, I’m terrified.”
“Why?”
She held her mug out in front of her with both hands as if warming them, or praying to the chocolate gods. “Like you said, I haven’t been on a date in fourteen years. I’m out of practice. And what should I wear?” She smoothed a hand over her hair like she needed to look presentable right at that moment. Her voice was taking on a shrill edge, her eyes flashing with panic.
I placed my hand on her leg, hoping to calm her, as she had calmed me earlier. “You’ll be fine, Mom. Just be yourself. He wouldn’t have asked you out if he didn’t like you. Besides, what’s not to like?”
She smiled, leaning in to kiss my cheek. “Thanks, honey.” She sat back against the couch cushions, taking a sip from her mug. “I’m glad Sophie’s moms forced us to go over there tonight. I had fun.”
I grinned. Margie and Grace just brought that out in others; they had a way to make people smile. They were kind, loving, and happy and they wanted others to be as well. Sophie had told me that setting people up was something Margie did often. Grace teased her that she should open a dating agency. “Yeah, they are really great, aren’t they?”
“I’m glad you met Sophie, she was raised by two wonderful women. I couldn’t ask for a better friend for you.” Her expression grew serious. “Speaking of friends. You got a call.” By the tone of her voice I knew who she was speaking of.
“How? No one knows our new number.”
“From Grandma Rita.” When I opened my mouth to complain, she interrupted me. “Honey, what do you expect? You shut everyone out.”
I narrowed my eyes at her. “I have to,” I whispered, but after my freak out with Josh, I wasn’t sure that was true anymore.
She shook her head sadly. “No, honey. You don’t.”
All the memories began to surface and I wasn’t ready for them. Yes, I had agreed to talk to a professional, but I hadn’t agreed to talk to my mom, or anyone else. “Mom, don’t. I’ve had a bad night and I can’t do this.” I stood up, holding the half-empty mug in my hand. “If you get another call, I don’t want to talk.” If the months of ignored calls, texts, and emails didn’t explain that, I didn’t know what would. 
As I turned to go back upstairs, my mother’s voice stopped me. “Avery.” I paused, but didn’t turn. “I just want you to be happy.”
So did I, but I didn’t think that would happen if I was constantly reminded of my former life. Since I had moved here without all the reminders, I’d been able to breathe again, do school work, and even laugh. I wasn’t sure if I could do that if I was pulled back to the past. “So do I.” With that, I headed upstairs to finish my hot chocolate in bed with a sappy romance novel.

Chapter Seventeen
After I finished my exam the next day, I sent it to Mrs. Henderson. Just as I was about to sign off, a familiar email address popped up. I moved the mouse over the delete button, the arrow hovering uncertainly for a few hesitant seconds, like a question mark flashing obnoxiously at me, shouting WILL YOU OR WON’T YOU! Knowing the pain the contents would cause, I clicked the mouse. The message disappeared instantly as if it had never been there in the first place. With a feeling of regret, I logged out of my email, shoving the unwanted thoughts away.
Turning away from my desk, I glanced at the park across the street. The sun shone brightly above, highlighting the beautiful day. Kids played on the equipment without a care in the world, not knowing what lay beneath their feet. I shook my head, tired of secrets and denial, and headed downstairs where I could get lost in the fantasy of TV.
~~
“What do you think of this?” my mom asked, standing in front of the screen a few hours later. She was wearing a black pencil skirt and a royal blue ruffled blouse. I was watching my favorite show and tried not to look too obvious as I glanced around her to see what was happening. I understood that she was nervous for her first date and needed my support.
“It’s great,” I replied, which made her smile. “If you’re going to a job interview.”
The smile faded. “It’s too stuffy for dinner, isn’t it?”
When I nodded with one eye on the TV screen, she rushed back upstairs, only to return a few minutes later in faded jeans and gray V-neck tee. Since the V was low, I could see the ring that was usually hidden under her shirts. It was her wedding band and she’d worn it on a chain since my father died. I was so used to seeing it on her, I didn’t usually notice it, but now that she was going on a date, it was like a neon sign, announcing her as a widow.
My eyes widened as soon as she stepped into the living room. “Too casual.”
She huffed out a breath and went back up. Canned laughter rang out of the speakers at something that happened on the screen. Darn it, what did I miss?
Before she even made it back down the stairs a few minutes later in a loud flowered dress with shoulder pads that looked like it belonged on an eighties teen heading to prom, I was shaking my head. “God, no.”
I laughed at the sound of an exasperated sigh that floated down to me.
Finally, just as my show was ending, she appeared in tight black dress pants and a silver silk top embossed with black roses. Her smooth, silky hair was down, falling just over her shoulders. I envied her straight hair, and not for the first time regretted inheriting my father’s curly locks. As soon as I had the thought though, I felt guilty. Since I didn’t remember my father I should be thankful of anything I had to remind me of him. “Perfect,” I told her as she spun around in front of me like a model on a runway.
She smiled gratefully, but there was fear in her eyes.
“You’ll be fine,” I assured her, standing up and heading to the kitchen to grab a soda. The next show was starting and I needed a snack.
“You think so?” Her voice was so uncertain, I felt nervous for her.
Stopping next to her, I put my hands on her shoulders and stared into her eyes. “I know so. First of all, you’re a great person. And second, you look totally hot.”
She grinned, her eyes lighting up with excitement. “Okay, I’m ready.”
At the sound of a car pulling in the driveway, I hugged her, her long dark hair tickling my cheek. “That’s good, because he’s here.” She tensed in my arms. “Just have fun.”
She relaxed with a sigh, pulling away from me. “Okay,” she said, sounding calm. If it wasn’t for the fear still shining in her eyes I would have believed her.
I watched her go to the door, feeling like a parent on prom night.
~~
At midnight when she still wasn’t home, I began to get worried until she texted me, saying that they were having a great time and would be home soon.
Josh knocked on the door soon after. “Is your mom in bed?” he asked when I swung open the door and he stepped inside. A car drove by behind him, its loud music vibrating through the windows.
“No, she’s on a date.”
His face fell. “Oh.” He reached out for the doorknob. “Should I leave?”
“No. We can watch the park from my bedroom window and you can hide in the closet when she gets home.”
“Uh…okay,” he agreed hesitantly, glancing around the room. “Lead the way.”
I could sense him right behind me as I led him upstairs. When we entered my room, I couldn’t help but feel awkward having him there. Technically he had been here before, but that was out of my hands since I was passed out at the time. This time, though, it was by choice, in a strictly surveillance kind of way. I admit, I did like Josh, but I still didn’t know him that well.
Josh sank into my desk chair so heavily the legs squeaked against the wood floor. “Can I use your laptop again?” 
“What do you want it for?” I asked, falling onto my bed, the springs squeaking with my sudden weight, and then I dragged the laptop onto my lap, the heat from the base warming my bare legs. 
“I want to do a little research on ghosts.”
“Ghosts?” Instead of handing him the computer, I opened the screen and clicked on the Internet browser. “What about them?”
He picked up a CD case from my desk and tapped the top. “I was wondering if there was a way for them to touch people or hold things.” He hesitated, flipping the case in his hand, end over end. “…like a knife.”
“A knife?” I muttered dryly, understanding what he meant. “You think the killer is a ghost?”
He nodded. “It has to be. How else do you explain how the deaths have been happening for so long?” I wasn’t sure how realistic his theory was, but it was better than any I could think of. The earliest death we could find was in the seventeen hundreds not long after the cemetery was closed.
“It could be a person obsessed with history,” I offered, but it sounded more like a question.
He smirked at me, tossing the CD case back onto its previous spot; it hit the desk top with a thwack. “And that person is still alive?”
Oh right, the timeframe of murders was an issue; the same person would not be killing over hundreds of years. “Maybe it’s multiple people picking up where the other left off.”
Again he smirked at my suggestion. Admittedly my idea was out there, but was it really more hard to believe than a murdering ghost?
I shrugged, not able to argue further, and typed his suggestion into the search box. Can ghosts touch objects or people? There weren’t many links, since it was such a specific question, but I clicked on a site called Everything you will ever need to know about ghosts. I read to myself, as Josh waited impatiently, jiggling his jean-clad knee. “Isn’t it too hot for that coat?” I asked, just noticing his green army jacket as I skimmed the words in front of me. 
His leg stilled. “It’s a little chilly tonight.”
Finally, I glanced at him. His dark blond hair was a little messy, and his emerald gaze was pointed at me. “I was out earlier. I thought it was warm.”
He shrugged. “It was my brother’s. It makes me feel closer to him. And since we are looking for his killer I felt like wearing it.”
I instantly regretted my questions. I understood both loss and scars, I had many. Only mine were on the inside.
When I hit a paragraph that pulled me in, I read out loud. “‘Ghosts are made up of energy and at times can make themselves visible to humans. However, during the Witching Hours they can also become corporeal, allowing them to function as they had before their deaths.’”
“What’s the Witching Hours?” Josh asked.
I clicked on the words since they were highlighted and read the explanation. “It says it’s the time of day when supernatural beings, such as ghosts, demons, and witches are said to be at their most powerful.” I cringed. Weren’t ghosts enough? Now I’d have to worry about demons and witches too?
“What time of the day is it?”
After reading silently, I told him what it said. “Between midnight and four a.m.”
“That explains why the deaths are always late at night,” Josh mumbled, standing up. “Does it say anything about ghosts reliving their deaths?” He stood in front of me; he smelled of some kind of spice.
I gazed up at him. “Is that what you think is happening?”
He shrugged. “Again, I don’t know, but why are all the victims killed the same way?”
Focusing once again on the screen and keyboard, I replied, “Okay, I’ll give it a try.” He began pacing in front of me as I read the article, his shoes scuffing my wood floor. “‘There are several types of ghosts, but the most common are ghosts with unfinished business: a spirit who can’t move on until a certain goal is accomplished. A Fingerprint: a haunted scene, like a loop of a tragic event. A Lost Soul: a spirit who wanders the earth looking for a way to move on. Tortured Souls: ghosts who are forced to relive their deaths.’” 
He froze in front of the window and spun around to face me. “Does it say how to kill a ghost?”
I opened my mouth to question him and froze. Who said anything about taking on a ghost? Maybe I was in over my head. It didn’t seem that long ago that I had no friends and spent my days and nights alone, struggling to forget the past, today I was hunting ghosts. Seriously? When he waved his hand in the direction of my laptop, gesturing for me to continue, we heard the sound of a car pulling into the driveway.
I jumped up and shoved him into the closet, closing the door on his smirking face just as the front door of the house opened.
Out of breath, I rushed down the stairs. Mom was just closing the door behind her. She leaned against it and sighed dreamily.
“Hey, how did it go?” I asked, making her jump. She must not have heard my descent.
 “Honey, you scared me.”
I stepped off the last stair and padded barefoot toward her. “So, do you like him?” I folded my arms in front of me, waiting rather impatiently. I needed to get back to Josh. 
“Oh, Avery. It was so much fun. He took me dancing at a club downtown. I haven’t felt so alive in years.” Fourteen to be exact.
Like the night she met Mark, she was glowing. If anyone deserved to feel this way, it was her. She had mourned my father long enough.
“That’s great, Mom. I’m really happy for you.”
She tossed her purse on the counter and kicked off her high-heeled strappy sandals. They clattered to the floor with double thumps, a sigh slipping from her lips as she did it. “Thanks, honey. Now if you don’t mind, I’m going to head up to my room and get some work done.” She sometimes worked in bed, but thankfully never lasted long before falling asleep.
How could I hide the fact that I had a guy in my room if she was awake?
~~
When I opened the closet, Josh was sitting cross-legged on the floor drawing circles on his knee with his finger. “Hey,” I whispered. “You can come out if you’re quiet.”
He stood up, ducking under a pair of jeans, knocking into the wall with a dull thud before straightening and striding back into my room. “Okay, where were we?” he asked softly.
I hunkered down on the bed again and opened the laptop. “You wanted to know how to kill a ghost.” I paused, gathering my thoughts. I wasn’t exactly afraid of the idea, more troubled by the whole ghost thing. “You never said anything about hunting it down and killing it.”
“Actually, I did say I wanted to stop the murders.” He folded his arms in front of him. “And how else would we do that, if it does turn out to be a ghost?” Since I couldn’t think of anything, he added, “Besides, you won’t be doing anything. All I wanted from you was help with research and to stake out the park.”
I sat up, squaring my shoulders, ready for an argument. “Like I said, I’m in this. I want to help.” He glared at me, clearly not convinced my participation was a good idea.
I stared at him and only looked away when he turned toward the park, gazing out the window. With his back to me, I typed in what he wanted: How do you kill a ghost? There weren’t a lot of answers. Most sites said that ghosts were energy and energy couldn’t be killed. I scrolled through the link, finally finding one that might work. “It says that the only way to get rid of a spirit is to burn their bones.”
He spun around. “That makes sense,” he said, frustrated. “All we have to do is figure out who the guilty spirit is and then find their remains in a huge park filled with an unknown amount of bodies, among graves with multiple people in them.” He sighed heavily as if the enormity of the endeavor was just sinking in. He ran a hand over his face. “And if that isn’t hard enough there is no way to determine the actual perimeter of the cemetery.”
“What do you mean?”
“I read in one of the articles that some remains were found under the street, and since the cemetery was covered so long ago there isn’t a map.”
I blew out a deep breath as I took in what seemed beyond impossible to accomplish. But as I watched the determination in Josh’s eyes, I knew we couldn’t give up. We had to do this for his brother and for the future victims. “We’ll figure it out. We’ve discovered a lot so far.”
“Sure we have,” he said dryly. “Just not the identity of the ghost or where it’s buried.”
I frowned at him. His negativity was contagious, a germ I breathed in, allowing the virus to spread over me like a sickness. Except I didn’t want to feel that way. I wanted to help, to finally make a difference since I wasn’t able to when it really mattered.
“Sorry. I’m just frustrated.” He rubbed his face roughly and then smiled tiredly. “I guess that’s enough for now. There’s nothing out there.” He nodded outside and from where I sat, could only see the top of our tree, darkness, streetlights, and the pointed tip of the monument.
I nodded, standing up to walk him down to the front door. Our footsteps were loud in the quiet house. But since I hadn’t heard anything from my mom’s room as we passed, I was sure she was asleep and wouldn’t hear us.
When he stepped out onto the porch, I faced him to say goodbye, but the words froze in my mouth as I looked over his shoulder. At the edge of the park stood the little girl. Her sorrowful eyes were yellow with sickness as she lifted her hand and pointed at us.
Josh turned around, following my gaze just as she opened her mouth and shrieked. The sound was so tortured, it hurt my heart. She bent over clutching her stomach and then…she was gone. The wretched sound evaporated into the air along with her.
Once she was gone I took a deep breath, realizing that I hadn’t been breathing. All the hair on my arms was standing on end.
“Well,” Josh whispered, still looking out across the road. “That was interesting.”
“Maybe you should go out the back door,” I suggested, remembering the tightness in my throat and the inability to breathe when I last encountered the girl. I hadn’t told Josh about that yet, and I wasn’t sure I would. It was such a close call that I knew he wouldn’t let me help if he knew the truth, and I desperately wanted to stop more deaths from happening. 
He waved my suggestion away. “Don’t worry about me. I’ll stay on this side of the road. I don’t live far.”
I nodded reluctantly. “Okay, then, see you tomorrow night.”
I stood on the porch and watched him walk to the end of the street. He was the only one out. Everyone else was smart enough to stay inside this time of night. He turned and waved before disappearing around the corner.





Chapter Eighteen
Even though I had finally finished my junior year, I had homework. It wasn’t the kind Mrs. Henderson handed out though. No, this was from someone new—my therapist, Rose. A few days after my mom’s date she informed me that I had an appointment with someone that Sophie’s moms had recommended and since the woman had a cancellation she could fit me in right away. I only had an hour to prepare. I knew the appointment was my idea, but now that the time had come, I hadn’t been ready.
When I walked into Rose’s office nearly shaking with anxiety, I almost smiled. The place smelled of incense and was cluttered with…cow figurines. They were everywhere—on shelves, her desk, and even the windowsill. It reminded me of Miss Adams’ desk. At the beginning of last year, I had asked her why she had so many, and her response was simply, “Why not?” The memory both made me smile and hurt my heart.
“I know what you’re thinking,” Rose said when she saw me gawking around the room after I had taken a seat on the only available chair—a burgundy wing-back. “But I’m really not a crazy cow lady.” When I only raised my brows, glancing at a group of square-dancing bovine on her desk, she scowled at me. “When I first started my practice, I had a small cow figurine up on the top shelf.” She pointed to the shelving unit behind her that was filled with books and yes—cows. Silly ones, salt and pepper shakers and even a letter opener with a cow’s head at the end were displayed haphazardly. “That my daughter made for me.”
“Where did the rest come from?” I asked, relaxing a bit by the conversation. I had been in the office for exactly five minutes and there was no mention of my feelings or lying down on a couch.
“Presents from patients. Someone noticed the tiny figurine and thought I liked cows and now…” She trailed off, eyeing the offending objects like it was their fault, as if they had invaded her space and had overthrown the office.
“You’re the crazy cow lady?”
Her eyes narrowed in an evil glare as she pointed at me. The expression scared me a little. Instead of getting angry like her face had promised, she simply said, “Exactly.”
I liked her right away. I wasn’t quite sure what I expected from a shrink, but it wasn’t Rose. Besides all the figurines, her appearance screamed “hippie.” Her honey blond hair was long, with a small braid on either side held together at the back. She was wearing a white peasant blouse and a long flowered, flowing skirt. With the exception of blue eye shadow her face was otherwise makeup free. The oversized hoops hanging from her ears finished the look, and that look to me was anti-shrink and that was all that mattered. 
The next words out of her mouth, though, made me rethink my original opinion of her. “What are you afraid of?”
“What do you mean?” I asked, taken aback by her abrupt change of topic.
She linked her hands together on her lap, waiting a few seconds before she explained. “I mean, what are you afraid will happen if you were to open up about the shooting?”
I winced at her question. Apparently she wasn’t one to beat around the bush. No one, not even my mom, had come right out and asked about it so bluntly. Saying the words so matter-of-factly felt like a slap in the face, a rude awakening I hadn’t asked for.
Despite her blunt question, I had committed to being there. I hesitated for several moments, thinking over my answer. What was I afraid of? “Pity, sympathy, pain.” The words just fell out of my mouth but once they were said, I knew they were true. 
“What does that mean?”
I sighed, hating the idea of discussing this, even though it was the whole point of the session. “I don’t want people to pity me and I don’t want their sympathy.” I was silent for a few minutes and I had hoped she would move on, accept that as my answer, but no. All she did was sit and wait, her face calm and patient. Finally, the rest of my answer slipped out. “Their sadness brings me pain.”
She paused, her clear blue eyes studying me like, well, like a shrink. “What do you think would happen if you talked to an old friend from your former school about it?”
My heart hurt just at the thought of that. I swallowed the lump that suddenly formed in my throat. “Um…They would comfort me.”
“Why is that bad?”
“Because I don’t deserve their comfort. And it would make me cry.”
“First of all, why don’t you think you deserve comfort? What you witnessed was horrible and devastating.”
I chewed on my bottom lip, my eyes burning, my throat closing up. “Because I’m alive,” I choked out.
She blinked at me. “And the rest of your class is not.” When I nodded, she continued. “Tell me what you would have done if you had been to class on time that day.”
This answer should have come easy. I had run all the possibilities in my mind like a mantra ever since, but right then when she asked me upfront, I knew what she was hinting at. Nothing I did would have helped; the only thing that would have changed was that I’d be with the rest of the class. And at one point I was fine with that, actually craved it, but now…I wasn’t so sure.
Instead of listing my reasons: I might have noticed the gun, if I was nicer to Joey, he wouldn’t have done it in the first place, I could have stopped him, etc., my answer surprised me. “I don’t know.”
She smiled sadly as if she knew what was going on in my mind. “What you’re feeling is survivor’s guilt and it’s natural. But you need to know that it wasn’t your fault. There is nothing you could have done.”
I knew she would say that, everybody did, but I still couldn’t help but think that my presence might have changed things. 
“What is wrong with crying?” she asked as I thought over her words. “It is a perfectly normal response to tragedy. It will actually help you heal. You have to release your emotions in order to move on.”
“It hurts too much.” My eyes stung and I wiped them roughly. My chest ached and the lump in my throat threatened to choke me.
She nodded. “I see. So pushing the emotions down will stop the pain from surfacing?”
I nodded wordlessly, trying not to sniffle; my hand was rubbing my thigh over and over. I didn’t know why I was doing it, but out of the corner of my eye I noticed a red mark appearing. 
“Tell me then, what happens to the emotions if they don’t get out.”
I shrugged. “They stay hidden.”
She shook her head. “They build.” She leaned forward in her seat. “What happens to soda if you shake the bottle and then open it?”
“It explodes.”
“Exactly, but what if you opened it a little at a time?”
I shrugged.
“With each twist of the lid a little air will leak out, but nothing too extreme.” She leaned forward, her arms resting on her desk. “Now take the pop bottle metaphor and use it on you. What will happen if you hold everything in? Just like the bottle, you will…” She trailed off waiting for me to answer, her eyes sharp and focused on me.
“Explode?” I offered with a smirk.
She smiled sadly. “You’ll have another mental breakdown.”
My eyes went down to my fingers where I twisted them nervously, while my left hand continued to rub at my skin. 
“Avery, your episode was perfectly normal after what you witnessed. Your mind can only take so much, and in that case, it needed a little break. And as long as you deal with your memories, it won’t happen again.”
I thought of the night I freaked out in front of Josh, and finally began to understand.  Rose was silent as I had my mini revelation. I knew what she was saying was true, but it didn’t make it any easier. Each time I thought about what happened it felt like a rock whipped at my soul, and I was tired of being internally bruised and beaten. But what if I did what she said and eventually it would get easier and the bruises faded? A life without the internal scars sounded so freeing and yet so foreign to me.
After a few minutes she finally broke the silence. “I have some homework for you.”
I groaned, finally letting up on the rubbing, and rested my hands on the arms of the chair.
She smiled. “Not that kind. I want you to tell one person what you saw that day.”
I sucked in a breath and felt my heart clench. “I did last week,” I said desperately, hoping to avoid another confession.
She looked surprised. “Tell me what happened.”
So I did, glossing over the paranormal details, instead focusing on Josh and his reaction.
She tapped the arm of her chair. “Did the earth shatter at your admission?” 
I rolled my eyes. “No.”
“How did you feel afterwards? Did it cause you pain?”
Damn it. “No.”
“How did you feel?” she asked, tucking a stray piece of hair that had fallen out of her braid behind her ear, compassion clear in her expression.
I clenched my teeth and answered. “A little better, like a bit of the weight had been lifted.”
Her eyes brightened. “Then let’s try it again. Pick one person in your life and tell them the whole truth. Allow them to comfort you and allow tears if they come. Do not shut down. Let nature take its course and see that the world will not end if you speak the words.” She bounced the leg that was crossed over her knee. “If you have problems getting the words out, take some soothing breaths and allow them to flow. There is no wrong way to grieve.”
I lifted my brow at her comment, but she cut me off.
“Avoiding the problem is not grieving.”
“Fine,” I muttered and stood up, happy that my hour was up.
~~

So, thanks to Rose, I found myself four days later on Sophie’s bed with the words stuck on my tongue. “I…I…” It wouldn’t come out. I cleared my throat and began again. “…was late.”
Sophie had been standing at her closet picking out an outfit to go shopping in. It was morning and when I had arrived she was still in her pj’s. She spun around, her eyes wide with surprise, a halter top in her hand. “Are you serious? Who is it, Austin or that Josh guy?”
I couldn’t help the smile that played at my lips as I shook my head. “No, that’s not what I meant.” I paused, taking a deep cleansing breath just like Rose had advised, and decided to rip off the Band-Aid. “For school that day.”
Her face washed with understanding and then sympathy as she sat down on the bed across from me, still holding the halter. “You had an appointment with Rose, didn’t you?”
I was about to continue, the words poised on my lips, when her question stopped me. “How did you know?”
She fingered the material in her hand and sat back. She was wearing an oversize gray T-shirt, and leggings. Her hair was up in a ponytail, the pink streak hanging loose, and her makeup was done.  “Well, you haven’t been very forthcoming on the subject. And…I knew your mom asked mine if she knew of any therapists.”
“You’ve been to see Rose?”
“A few times. The moms are pro therapy and they were worried I would have issues with having two moms.”
“Did you?”
She shook her head. “No. It was the way I grew up.” She shrugged. “All I knew. I actually thought it was weird that my friends had fathers.”
I was silent, knowing I should continue with my story, but thankful that we had veered off of the topic.
She eyed me apprehensively. “But she is a good therapist and you definitely need one.”
I glared at her.
“I’m sorry, but I’ve never known anyone so closed off with their feelings. It’s not healthy, you know.” Her face was serious as she stared at me, I couldn’t help but laugh at the teen girl with the hot pink streak in her hair who hid the fact that she was researching her culture and religion from her moms and she was lecturing me on mental health.
She reached onto the floor and picked something up—a balled-up sock—and threw it at me. It bounced off my shoulder and landed on the corner of her bed. The white sock was a shocking contrast to her bright red blanket.
“Eww.” I picked it up and tossed it at her. She dodged it with a laugh and it fell back onto the floor. “So how is it going with Matt?” I asked. Yes, they had finally gone out and like Courtney, had been inseparable ever since.
She shook her head at me with the top clutched in her hand, threatening to throw it at me. “Uh-uh. You are not going to change the subject. Finish what you started.”
Now that I was on the spot, with her wide, almost black eyes gazing expectantly at me, I lost my nerve. “Never mind. Let’s go shopping.” I stood up, grabbed my bag that I had thrown on the bed earlier, and headed for the door.
“Not so fast.” I felt the sock hit the back of my head and I spun around to gawk at her. “Just tell me. What do you think will happen?”
A suffocating lump formed in my throat. “It hurts to think about.”
She stepped forward, wrapping me in her arms. She smelled of flowers. “Just say the words. Rose knows what she’s talking about.”
When we pulled apart, I sat on the bed and looked down at the floor and began my sad story. At the end, I was worn out. 
When I finally looked up, Sophie was wiping her eyes. “That is…” She trailed off and hugged me again. “Beyond awful. I’m so sorry that happened.” We were quiet for several moments, each of us processing everything I had said.
“Do you know why he did it?” Sophie asked softly, her voice raw with emotion.
I shrugged. “No. He was not well liked, a loner. People used to pick on him. But that’s no reason to kill anyone.”
She shook her head, her face still full of shock. “No it isn’t. Why did you leave?”
“My mom wanted to take me somewhere with better gun control.”
“You know people have guns here too?”
I nodded. “I know, but she researched school shootings and there weren’t any in Kingston. Besides, when she looked up gun violence, Canada’s was nothing compared to our country.”
“Well, that’s true, but I have heard of a shooting in a Montreal University about six years ago.”
I grimaced. “Don’t tell my mom that, she might take me to Sweden.”
She smiled. “You’d be lucky to go there. Think about all the hot, beefy blond guys.”
I only smiled. The last thing on my mind was hot guys. I was too screwed up for that.
“Did you want to stay when your mom dragged you here?”
I shook my head. “No. There were too many memories. I thought it was easier to forget it and move on. Everyone in my life wanted to talk to me about what happened and I hated reliving it. And I hated how they were being so kind to me.”
“Why?”
“Because I didn’t deserve it.”
She blinked at me. “Why didn’t you deserve it?”
“I lived and the others didn’t. I couldn’t stand to face the families of my classmates. Why did I survive and they had to die?”
Sophie’s face went blank. “Is that how you think they would feel?”
I nodded, shifting weight from one foot to another. I could hear footsteps in the hall as someone walked past Sophie’s door.
“Haven’t you watched any of the news coverage on the shooting?”
A door closed and then I could hear the sound of running water. The shower. “No. Once one of the reporters hinted that I was involved, Mom wouldn’t let me watch. Which was fine by me, I didn’t want to relive it.”
“So you don’t know that many of the parents have said they were grateful that your mom didn’t have to suffer like they did. That it was lucky you missed that day? That doesn’t sound like people that wished you died while their child lived.”
“Was there any mention of me leaving?”
She shook her head. “Not that I saw. They just said that you were called for comment, but couldn’t be located.”
I sighed heavily and stepped toward the window. The sound of a lawn mower drew my attention to the house across the street where a guy our age was pushing a mower and listening to an iPod. He was singing so loudly I could hear his muffled voice through her closed window. I turned my head to the sidewalk that led to Skeleton Park. The ghost girl’s image and the agonizing screech flashed in my mind. Josh and I had been staking it out through my window to no avail for the last week; besides the usual ghost sightings there was nothing new.
“Avery, did you hear me?”
I spun around to face Sophie, who was waiting for an answer, my hair swaying with the movement. I had worn it down today, but when I had stepped outside I regretted it. It was really hot. “I’m sorry, did you say something?”
“I asked if you ever thought of going back.”
“Oh…um…sometimes. But when I think of facing the people I left grieving, or the families of my classmates, I can’t make myself do it. I…I’m not strong enough.”
Sophie’s eyes widened, her free hand placed on her hip. “Not strong enough? You witnessed a kid kill himself after he murdered your whole class and you’re standing here talking to me. I’d say you were one of the strongest people I know.”
My eyes burned at the reminder. “I ran when I should have stayed with the town. They were broken and I just left.”
“I doubt they blame you after what you saw.”
“They don’t know what I saw. When I fainted, a teacher rushed me to the nurse’s room. No one wanted the press to find out what I witnessed.”
“Or they’d hound you for an interview.”
I nodded my head, remembering other school shootings and the twenty-four-hour news coverage of them. The shooters had wanted notoriety and by doing what they did, they received it. I read somewhere that revealing the name of the shooter was only feeding the need to be known for troubled kids that felt invisible. After what happened months ago and the smile I saw on Joey’s face, I agreed.
“You said you were late. Did you sleep in?”
I thought of that morning and how upset I had been after my fight with Caleb. I nodded. “My boyfriend broke up with me and I was up most of the night.”
“Why did he do that?”
“He saw me hugging another guy and accused me of cheating on him.”
“You didn’t though, right?”
I sighed, pushing a curly strand of hair out of my eyes. “No. It was a friend I hadn’t seen in a long time.”
“He dumped you for that? Then he’s definitely not worth it.”
 All I could do was shake my head, unable to discuss it.
“What happened after that?”
I gazed down at my fingers, twisting them nervously. “Um...I moved here.”
She studied me carefully until I began to squirm under her scrutiny. Just then my cell rang. She glared at my bag where I had stuffed it earlier. When I only shook my head, tired of her bugging me to answer the call, she huffed out a sigh and grabbed a pair of shorts to go with the top that was still grasped in her hand. 
“I was supposed to tell you about the shooting, and I did, so can we go shopping now?” I asked, hoping she would drop the subject. Opening up about that day was hard enough; I wasn’t ready to discuss everything else.
Her eyes narrowed. “You’re shutting down again.”
I shrugged, taking a step toward the door. “No I’m not. I told you the worst part. Let’s go.”
“Fine,” she sighed, rushing to the washroom to change. She passed Margie on the way. She was wearing a robe; her hair was up in a towel, turban style.
Thankful for the reprieve, but knowing she wouldn’t drop the questions forever, I waited for her to return and when she did, followed her down the stairs and out to her car.

When Sophie dropped me off a few hours later, I stood on the sidewalk in front of my house. I was looking out at the park in front of me, at the kids playing completely oblivious to what was underneath them. Since it was still daylight, I took a deep breath and walked slowly across the street. It was the first time I had stepped onto the grounds in weeks and despite the weariness that lingered in my stomach, the peacefulness that surrounded me the first day I had sketched in my notebook our first day here, returned.  This place had become a refuge meant only for me. I had been content here in those first few weeks in my new city.
Dropping my shopping bags onto the ground, I approached the monument, the place I drew and where I met a boy who had comforted me. A boy I hadn’t heard from in a week.
I reached up and rubbed the rough stone with my finger, finally concentrating on the words carved in the center. For some reason, I had never read the inscription before. The monument was so tall and every time I was there, I had been sprawled out on the ground. I hadn’t even attempted to look. But now after everything I had learned, I did, and what I saw made me gasp. It was a gravestone for a priest back in the eighteen hundreds. The monument was enormous and would not have been able to be covered with dirt like the rest of the stones.
Chills swept over my arms at the thought that I had spent so much time leaning against someone’s…headstone. I stumbled away from the offensive object, rushing toward my bags. I yanked them from the ground and ran across the road gasping for breath.
As I stepped onto my driveway the chills became worse, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. Someone was watching me, but when I turned around to see who, there was no one there. I might have seen an image at the far end of the park, but when I squinted harder, it was gone. With a shiver of fear running over my body, I ran inside.

Chapter Nineteen
“I think it’s on fire,” I informed Mark a week later. Mom had invited him to dinner and he insisted on grilling us each a steak.
He jumped up from his chair at the patio table, waving at the smoke that was billowing out of the back of the barbeque. It was floating up into the air like he was sending us a message via smoke signal. When Mark lifted the lid, red angry flames danced around the meat, making the edges curl up to resemble leather baseball gloves.
“Crap,” he muttered and then smiled guiltily when my mom and I laughed at him.
We had been relaxing on the porch while Mark relayed some crazy stories to us about his days in the emergency room. My mom had been dating him for two weeks and so far they got along great. I hadn’t seen her smile so much in years. It was like a smile had been tattooed over her lips, branding her permanently happy.
“Are you sure you don’t want to come to the movies with us, Avery?” my mom asked for the second time.
In other words—Did I want to be a third wheel to my mother and her new boyfriend? The answer was a definite NO! “No thanks, Mom. I have some things to do.” Like hiding a guy in my room to hunt a murderous, tormented ghost.
“Are you sure?” Mark asked, returning to his seat, placing the slightly burnt steaks next to the potato and macaroni salads Mom had brought out earlier. “We’ll let you pick the movie.”
It was a sweet gesture and I knew it was a genuine one. He was just like his sister, kind-hearted and honest. “I’m sure. I have plans with Sophie.” It was a lie. Sophie was meeting Matt’s parents tonight and was incredibly nervous when I had seen her earlier. She kept asking me to think of ways she could get out of it. I refused. Matt was a great guy and had survived a night with her moms. Now it was her turn. I couldn’t tell my mom and Mark my true plans though. The lie would have to do. 
“Okay, honey, just as long as you know you’re welcome.”
I scooped out some macaroni salad and held my plate out for Mark to place a small steak onto it. “I know, Mom. Thanks.”
~~
They left an hour later and with plenty of time to kill, I decided it was time to sort through some emails. I hadn’t touched them since before the shooting, only answering the messages from Mrs. Henderson. There were tons of messages from my best friends, Serena and Lyla. From the dates, it looked like they had been messaging me once a week since I moved. There were some others from kids I barely knew and one from Trudy, a girl from my art class. As I was going over the list a new one popped up. It was an address that bypassed the amount of all the others and it was the one I least wanted to open. Just the thought of reading the words inside made my stomach plummet. 
I had just hit delete on most of the messages when there was a knock at the front door. I glanced at the clock and was surprised to see that it was already midnight. Since my mom wasn’t home yet, I assumed they went somewhere after the movie.
I swung open the door expecting to see Josh’s green eyes and sandy, shaggy hair and…screamed.  It wasn’t him; it was the ghost girl from the park. Her face was pale and sickly, yellow haunted eyes glaring at me. The scream was sucked out when she reached up and pointed a bony finger at me. Just like the last time I encountered her, my breathing started to slow. Before it stopped altogether, she turned around, pointing toward the park. With her attention somewhere else, I was able to catch my breath. I took a step back, my hand on the door, about to slam it shut. She spun back around before I could, gesturing wildly at the park, to the white tree specifically. She was trying to tell me something, but now that her attention was on me again, my breath began to disappear, my throat starting to close up. I bent down as I had seen her do, and began to gasp for air; my throat ached as if I had swallowed a handful of gravel.
“Avery?” Josh shouted from down the sidewalk, startling the little girl, who rushed away, slithering across the road. I say “slithering” because her limbs were moving in an unnatural way and at a speed that didn’t seem possible. When I blinked she disappeared behind the washrooms. Instantly my breath returned and I straightened up, breathing heavy with panic.
“Are you all right?” Josh asked worriedly as he raced toward me.
“I-I thought you said…we were safe over here.” I took a few ragged breaths. “That the ghosts couldn’t leave the park.”
I felt his hands on my shoulders, his touch warm against my suddenly cold skin. “I thought we were. I’m so sorry.” He rubbed his palms soothingly over my arms. “What did she want?”
I had finally told him about my previous sighting of the girl after we both saw her near the swing sets one night when we were staking out the park. I was right about his reaction; he wasn’t happy and had threatened not to let me help him anymore.
Now though, as my heart slowed its thundering beat, I was tempted to take him up on that threat. “I don’t know, she kept pointing at the white tree, and I couldn’t ask her what she meant since I couldn’t breathe.” When I finished my explanation we both looked at the tree in question and jumped at the sight of the man hanging in it. It wasn’t entirely shocking since we had both seen it a few times. We decided that it must be the thumbprint that we had learned about online, the act of something horrible repeating itself in some kind of loop.
“Do you think she was trying to tell us about him?” he asked, still looking across the street.
I shrugged, all the panic at seeing the ghost and my inability to breathe began to fade. I was with Josh and I knew I was safe. “Maybe we should look up hangings in this park.”
“It couldn’t hurt. If anyone would be a tortured spirit it would be a guy that was hanged in the very spot he’d been buried.”
In the distance, a dog barked. Thankfully the annoying poodle next door was nowhere to be seen. Although if it had been out front barking its head off like usual, maybe the ghost girl wouldn’t have attacked me. “Well, come on then, my mom’s not home.”
“She’s not?” he asked, taking the two steps up to my porch.
 “No, she’s on another date.”
“Great, no sneaking around tonight.”
“She’ll probably be home soon though.”
He gave me a lopsided grin and wiggled his brows as he held out his arm in the direction of the stairs. “After you.”
I rolled my eyes and led the way.
“Something’s been bugging me,” I said when we entered my room and I had closed it behind us. 
“What’s that?” he asked, taking a seat at his usual spot on my desk chair, his foot crossed over a knee. He jiggled his shoe in time to the music that I had playing on my iPod. It was one of the bands Sophie had suggested. I had downloaded a bunch of the songs and was surprised how good they were.
“If the killings happen every five years, when is the next time line?’
A shadow crossed his face while he twirled his shoelace around his finger. “Actually, it was in May and it didn’t happen.”
I blinked at him. “What do you mean? And how do you know?”
“I was curious too, so I looked it up.”
Satisfied with his answer, I sat down on my bed and draped my grandmother’s quilt over my legs before propping the laptop on it. “Is that normal?”
He shook his head, letting go of his shoe and stretching his legs out in front of him. “No. There is a death every five years. It has never not happened before.”
 “Huh…I wonder what happened this year.” I glanced up at him.  “Maybe it’s over?”
Josh’s eyes darkened and he balled his hands into fists. “It’s not.”
I couldn’t help but notice his hostility, but it was understandable after what happened to his brother.  “How do you know?”
“Because, there is no information on anybody stopping him.”
“Would there be? If it’s a ghost, I doubt anyone would document it.” 
He nodded. “That’s true. Well, if it is over, we won’t hurt anything by continuing to look into it, but we have to make sure.”
My brows creased as I remembered his previous word. “Him? How do you know it’s a guy?”
He gazed out the window. “I don’t. But until we figure it out, I have to call it something.”
We were silent for a few minutes; he was focused on the park, while I listened to the song playing from the speaker on my night stand. “Do you know the date that it was supposed to happen?” I asked suddenly.
He nodded grimly, his focus still outside. I didn’t understand his sudden seriousness.
“Well, spill it. What’s the date?”
“May twenty-seventh.” His voice was a soft whisper, almost inaudible.
“Hmm,” I mumbled, contemplating his words, absently rubbing the soft material of my grandma’s blanket with the palm of my hand. “That’s a week after we moved here.”
“Is it?” He spun around. “Do you remember anything weird happening at the park?”
The date did stir a memory, but since it was only three weeks after the shooting, my mind had been on my dead classmates and not a whole lot more. I shook my head in answer.
“I think—” The front door opened, stopping him mid-sentence. Josh’s eyes went wide with surprise, which was funny since my mother coming home wasn’t exactly—unexpected.
“Go,” I whispered pointing to the closet door.
He winked at me before slipping inside.
I had just lain down on my bed with a book when my mom opened the door. “Hey, how was your night?” I asked, sounding as calm as I could with a guy hiding out in my closet.
She smiled. “It was good.” The twinkle in her eye told me more than her words did.  Her smiled faded away as she looked around the room. “What were you doing in here?”
My heart began to pound. I was sure she knew about Josh. Could she hear him breathing in there? “Just reading. Why?” Surprisingly, my voice was calm, although I was feeling anything but.
A worry line formed between her eyes. “Because your book’s upside down.”
Oops! “Oh,” I laughed nervously.  “Actually, I was reading, but I dropped the book when I started to fall asleep. When you got home, you woke me up and I grabbed the book without thinking.”
She stared at me for a few seconds as if trying to decide if I was telling the truth. The silence in the room was thick with accusation. I wondered if she could feel it too. Finally she nodded. “Oh, okay. I’ll let you get back to your sleep reading.” She grinned. “I’m going to turn in, I’m exhausted.”
“All right, goodnight.”
“Goodnight, sweetie.” She closed the door behind her with a soft click.
I released all the breath I was holding and stood up to turn the lock on the knob.
The sound of my closet door opening with a creak had me spinning around. Josh stood in front of the open doorway, his face tight with tension. “That was close.”
“I know.”
He was quiet for a moment as he wandered back over to the window, staring out. I knew what he saw, the top of our tree and the park beyond it, empty and dark. It was a view I knew all too well since we had been looking at it for so long. “I was thinking we should go out there,” he murmured softly, as if to himself.
“What?” I gasped, sitting up straight on the bed. “That’s crazy. I thought you said it was dangerous after dark.”
He glanced at me over his shoulder. “It is, but we’ve been at this for weeks and nothing’s happened.”
I frowned at him, giving him a pointed look. 
He sighed running his hand roughly through his hair. “Besides the ghost girl trying to contact you.”
“Contact is the wrong word. I almost died.” He arched a brow at my description. “Well, maybe that is a bit dramatic this time, but last time, I felt like it was close.”
“Do you think she was trying to hurt you?”
I took a moment to ponder this. “I thought so the first time, but not tonight. I’m pretty sure what I was feeling when she looked at me was how she felt when she died. I don’t think it was intentional.” 
He turned away, gazing back outside, and I stood up to join him. “What do you think will happen if we go out there? That the killer ghost will finally fulfill the five-year kill? What are we, bait?”
He shook his head. “No. I just want to go onto the grounds quickly and see what happens. We won’t stay long. You can stay here if you want. You could research the guy in the tree.”
I thought we had gone over that. We were in this together. “What if the killer shows up? We don’t have a way to kill it unless you plan on asking where it’s buried.” We were both still staring out at the park. It was still empty.
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see him turn his head to face me. His lips twitched, fighting a smile. “Of course not.” His voice was soft and so close. I could feel his breath on my cheek. “I honestly just want to see if anything happens. That’s all. We won’t stay long.”
When I turned around to face him, my breath caught at his closeness. “What are you doing?” I asked softly. His proximity was confusing me. 
“I’m looking out the window.” By the tone of his voice I didn’t believe that was his only intention. He was going to kiss me. He leaned closer and I closed my eyes waiting. I wasn’t sure if I wanted this, but I was curious enough to let it happen. When his lips touched mine a loud crack screeched behind us. We jumped apart and stared out the window. The park was no longer empty. The ghost of the soldier we saw weeks ago was standing by the monument. But as we stared down at him, he disappeared.
“Do you think the ghost made that happen?” I asked, pointing to the thin line now in the center of the window.
“I don’t know, but it seems like too much of a coincidence not to be.” He stepped away from the window and picked up my laptop. “Do you mind if I do some research on ghost’s abilities again?”
“Sure, go ahead.” I moved to the window and peered closer, touching the crack with my finger. The glass was cold and the crack was jagged and rough. Thoughts of our almost kiss hovered in my mind. Before I could contemplate my feelings about what had almost occurred, I noticed movement down below. When I looked closer, I saw what it was and instantly felt guilty for what had just happened.
“Josh, I’ll be right back okay?”
“Sure,” he said absently, intent on the screen in front of him.
I rushed as quietly as I could down the stairs, hoping my mother or Josh wouldn’t hear me and figure out what I was doing.
After I closed the front door behind me as gently as I could, I made my way across the road. I stood on the edge, one foot hovering on the street, the other poised on the curb, as if this was the barrier that kept me safe from the dangers of the park. Although I now knew they were able to wander beyond it, it still made me feel safe to stick to the pavement. “Hi,” I said to the guy I had spent many nights with.
He smiled, but for some reason it didn’t reach his eyes. “Hi.” Austin looked the same as he had before: dark auburn hair, hazel eyes, wearing what he always did, a T-shirt and faded jeans.
“When did you get back?” A gust of wind pushed my curly hair into my eyes. I tucked it back behind my ear.
“A few hours ago. I was hoping you would see me out here.” His tone was brisk and it confused me more than I already was.
“We should really exchange phone numbers,” I said, trying to lighten the mood.
He smirked, but made no reply.
Feeling a little awkward, I glanced around. Everything was the same; the streets were empty and only a few houses had lights on. “How did it go in Ottawa?”
“Fine.” He ran a hand over his face in agitation. “Is there a guy up in your room?” he asked bluntly.
My face flushed, no doubt giving me away. “Why do you think that?”
“Because when I was walking to the park, I was sure I saw two shadows in front of your window.”
I swallowed nervously. “Um…yeah. He’s a friend and I’m just helping him with something. He’s using my computer for research.”
His eyes narrowed, obviously not believing my explanation. “What are you helping him with?”
Finding a killer ghost. “School work,” I lied.
He stared at me and I squirmed under his scrutiny. I was ready for him to point out that it was summer and therefore there was no school work, but he didn’t. Instead, he stepped closer, lifting his hand to caress my cheek. His finger was cold against my skin. “I like you, Avery. And I hope you feel the same way.”
“I…I do. But it’s too soon for me.” I knew he’d understand, after spending many nights together. He was the first person I had opened up to about the shooting and he knew how much I was suffering.
His hands fell to his side. “How are you doing? You seem better. Your eyes don’t look as sad as they did before I left.” I wasn’t aware that my eyes appeared sad. But if they did, it was understandable.
“I’m working on it. I went to see a therapist.”
A line formed on his forehead as if I confused him somehow, but it smoothed out quickly. “I’m glad. And I understand you’re not ready after what you went through, but just know that I will wait for you. As long as I’m the only one waiting.” His voice went hard when he spoke the last few words. It was so unlike him, it took me off guard. He looked up at the window and I followed his gaze. The window was empty. Josh must still be on the bed working on the computer. “I should go. It’s late. I have to unpack. I just wanted to let you know I was back.”
He smiled softly before turning around, heading in the opposite direction.
Since the idea of being alone in the park scared the bejesus out of me, I ran home and closed the door as softly as I had before. I didn’t want Josh to know about Austin. I wasn’t sure of the reason, but I knew I wanted to keep him a secret.
“Did you find anything?” I asked, stepping into my room, trying to hide the fact that I was breathing heavy from rushing. Josh was where I had left him, hovered over the laptop.
He closed the screen quickly as I approached him. “Nothing more than we already knew. Are you ready?”
“For what?”
“To go outside.”
But I was just out there. “Um… fine. Let’s go.”
~~
The air was cooler than it had been just a few seconds ago. Was it possible for the weather to change so quickly? “What are you looking for?” I asked him as he wandered around the park, making footprints in the grass as he moved. It looked like an invisible person was following him, and in this park it wasn’t entirely impossible.
“I’m not really looking for anything. I just want to see if our presence would provoke a visit.”
I gulped as I comprehended his meaning. “From a…ghost?”
He raised a brow. “It’s not like we haven’t seen one before.” Besides the girl on my porch, we had witnessed a few sightings, in the weeks of our stakeouts, but nothing that would give us any clues as to who or what was responsible for all the deaths.
“That doesn’t mean it doesn’t freak me out each time.” I moved toward the white tree staring up at its strange dead limbs. Hours before a ghost had hung from it. It was empty now. “What do you think of this?”
He shrugged. “It’s dead.”
“But why would it start to turn white?”
“I don’t know, I guess that’s what happens after a while. It’s weird that the city hasn’t taken it down though.”
“I know. It’s kind of spooky. When it turns fully white, it’s going to look like a skeleton.”
“Well, it’s the perfect place for it.” He laughed, walking away toward the swing set where we had seen the girl many times.
He wandered around, kicking sand and tapping the metal frame with his hand, a loud ting, ting echoing into the night. The sound of a car door closing and the engine starting up down the street were the only other noises in the neighborhood.
“Why do you think we can see the ghosts, but no one else can?” I asked, finally looking away from the tree. I had an urge to draw it again, but I left my sketch pad at home, although it obviously wasn’t the time for that.
He bent down and picked up a rock, tossing it up into the air only to catch it again. “Who said they can’t see them?”
“I haven’t heard of any here until I saw one. And the only person I’ve discussed them with is you.”
“That doesn’t mean that no one else has seen them. When I was doing research I noticed a news article reporting that many residents have claimed to have seen ghosts here. You just haven’t spoken to the right people.”
“Hmmm. I actually haven’t told anyone but you.”
He turned to face me. “See, maybe if you did, they’d have their own story.”
As I contemplated his words, I stepped around to the other side of the tree where grass was growing in clumps. The moon glimmered off something in the tall blades. I bent down to examine it closer and was shocked at what I found. “Um…Josh?”
“Yeah.” His voice was farther away, now closer to the baseball diamond.
“Is this what you’re looking for?”
He wandered back over and when I pointed out my find, he swore under his breath. It was a knife. “Isn’t this where the man was hanging earlier?”
 “Yes. What did you find on him when I went downstairs?”
A flash of guilt clouded his expression. “Actually, I hadn’t gotten to that yet.”
“What do you mean? That’s what you were doing when I left, right?”
“I got sidetracked reading more about ghosts.”
For some reason, I didn’t believe him, but it didn’t matter. We needed to research the hanging man and maybe if we were lucky we might find where he was buried. “Okay, well. Let’s go back upstairs and get to it.”
He nodded, striding past me, no doubt eager to start what he had put off earlier.
I watched him walk away. “Um…are we just going to leave this knife out here?”
He stopped in his tracks. “I guess that’s not a good idea.” He went back and retrieved the butcher knife, stuffing it inside his jacket. “Let’s go.” For once, in the summer heat the jacket made sense.
He didn’t have to tell me twice. I used to like the quiet and peaceful feeling of the park at night, but now it no longer held that same appeal.
~~
“Hey, Avery.” Suzanna’s bright voice brought me out of my daze. I was huddled over my desk thinking about Caleb. No one had made me feel as special as he did and I couldn’t wait to see him again.
I turned in my chair to look at my friend but she was gone. In her place was the little ghost girl. Her long brown hair was matted and caked with dirt. Her face was gaunt, eyes lifeless and hollow. I jumped from my chair and it clattered to the floor behind me with a bang. I spun around and shrieked at the man hanging from the corner of the classroom, his glassy eyes staring at me accusingly. I stumbled into an empty desk, rushing to the door. My foot caught on a chair leg and I fell down. My hands flew out to block my fall and landed in something sticky, the smell of copper permeating the air. I stood up and peered down at my palms—they were covered in blood. I had fallen in a pool of the crimson liquid. I sucked in a sharp breath and took off once again for the exit, slipping in the offending fluid. I sobbed, tears streaming down my face, horrified by the fact that I had stumbled into someone’s blood. Finally getting my footing back, I yanked the door open and slammed it shut behind me.
Out in the hall, I took a deep calming breath and turned around, hoping to see an empty classroom. But I wasn’t that lucky. Joey stood in front of the door gazing at me through the tiny window. His face was intense, his eyes severe. As I watched him, his lips turned up into a wicked grin. Just as he lifted his hand holding the gun, his features shifted, morphing into the face of the haunted soldier. His hazel eyes were as familiar as his dark auburn hair. He smiled sadly and mouthed a word I couldn’t make out.
As his image faded away, I heard him whisper, “He killed me.”
I jerked awake, shaking, my heart thundering in my chest, knowing the identity of the soldier. I met him a week after I moved to my new home. The ghost I had seen in the park and just now in my dream was…Austin.





Chapter Twenty
I was restless all day waiting for Josh to show up the next night. I was kicking myself for not asking exactly where he lived. All I knew was that he was staying with his aunt and uncle on Plum Street. Unless I wanted to wander up and down the street knocking on doors, I was forced to wait until that night after my mom fell asleep.
With nothing else to do, I sat on my front lawn cross-legged, watching the park. I wanted to warn all the people that were enjoying the day, leisurely playing basketball or the kids playing on the equipment. But I knew it wasn’t a good idea to scare everyone. I also knew that they were safe until midnight when the ghost became human again. After the dream, I knew that Austin was one of his victims, and I was determined to stop it before there were any more. But how could we stop the deaths when we didn’t know who was doing the killings? We still hadn’t found any info on the man in the tree. Was it him or were we looking in the wrong direction? All these questions were buzzing through my mind and I didn’t notice anyone approach.
“Helllooo!” Sophie called out in a sing-song voice.
Startled, I turned my head. She was walking toward me and I couldn’t help but grin when I saw her. This was not the Sophie I knew. The girl I had gotten to know had a pink streak in her silky black hair, and always wore her emo-punk clothes, complemented with knee-high combat boots. This girl making her way down the sidewalk in my direction looked nothing like Sophie. She was wearing khaki shorts and a bright red tank top. But the most shocking change was her footwear—plain black flip-flops. My surprise must have been evident on my face because she scoffed. “Boring, I know, but I’m trying something different,” she said when she approached and took a seat on the grass next to me, crossing her legs like mine.
Instead of focusing on her face or eyes, like I normally did, I couldn’t help but stare at her hair. The pink streak was gone. “Is this the real you, or one of your moms’ ideas?”
“This is my attempt at rebellion from Margie’s advice.” She grimaced and looked down her body, clearly disgusted. 
“You don’t look very happy about your rebellion,” I pointed out. And honestly, neither was I. Where was the girl I met months ago, the only female friend I had? Her usual look was nothing I was used to, but it was her, and this girl next to me felt like a stranger.
A kid on a bike whizzed by, a card stuck to the spokes of his back tire making a buzzing sound. Sophie watched him pass, her eyes on him when she spoke. “I hate it when she’s right.”
“I thought you were fine with her advice.”
She shrugged, her gaze shifting downward. She brushed some grass off her knee that had blown onto it by the soft breeze.  “I thought I was, but I kind of got into a fight with both of them last night.”
“About what?”
“They found my bibles.” Her answer didn’t really explain the reason for the fight. 
I tilted my head and studied her. Since she wasn’t facing me I could see a tiny bright line on the side of her head and I couldn’t help the smile that slowly stretched over my lips. The pink streak was not gone, just tucked under the rest of her hair. I was surprised by my relief. “They didn’t get angry, did they?”
“No.” She finally looked up at me, her eyes stormy with torment. “And that’s the problem. They are too understanding. I was hiding something from them for years and do you know what they said?”
Instead of answering I shook my head. I couldn’t fathom anything that would prompt this reaction. 
“They said they understood me wanting to know more about my heritage.”
I was confused. I didn’t see anything wrong with that. “Uh…and that’s a bad thing?”
“Yes.” She almost shouted. “There I was, thinking that I’d hurt their feelings because I was going against their liberal upbringing and they didn’t even bat an eye. I’m pretty sure they would have the same response if they found a crack pipe or condoms in my drawer. Did you know I’ve never been grounded?”
I blinked at her. “Again, my response is, ‘And that’s a bad thing?’”
“Ugh! You don’t get it?” She scoffed, her hands flailing in front of her with frustration. 
I shook my head, staring blankly at her. “No, I really don’t see the problem with having two very loving, understanding parents.”
She rolled her eyes at me and stared straight ahead. “What are we looking at anyway?”
“The park.” I answered honestly, following her gaze. A man with a beagle strolled up to a bench and he took a seat while the dog sniffed a nearby garbage can.
“I can see that. But why? And why don’t you go over there anymore? You used to spend most of your time at that monument.” That was before I knew it was a gravestone.
I turned my head to face her. “Weren’t we talking about you?”
She sighed heavily. “Fine, but I won’t forget my questions.”
I lifted my brows and nodded at her, waiting for her to continue.
She watched a boy in a baseball cap chasing a girl in pigtails along the edge of the park. Finally she spoke. “I’m afraid they don’t really care. That’s why they are so accepting of whatever I do.” 
I laughed. I couldn’t help myself. 
She spun around, her dark eyes narrowed, silencing any further response from me. “I thought you were kidding.” When she only turned her attention back in front of her, I said, “I love my mom, but right now she is up in her office working, where she always is. I admire her passion, but I have never seen a more attentive parent than Margie. You and Grace are her passion. Making you happy is what makes her happy. I haven’t seen that much of her, but the little time I have, it was obvious to me.”
I paused, waiting to see if she would respond. When she didn’t, I went on. “Don’t you think your mothers might understand hiding who they are in order to make people happy? Which is what you were doing. I don’t know their history, but I doubt it was easy to tell people they loved that they were gay.”
Still no response.
“So, maybe because they love you, they will understand anything you go through, because they know what it’s like to struggle with something. And for the record, I doubt they’d be fine with you doing drugs.”
Her lips turned upwards slightly. “I guess.”
I bent my knees, leaning my elbows on them. “So, are you happy with your new look?”
Finally she turned to look at me, the grimace back on her face. “No. I hate to admit it, but Margie was right. I’m much happier with my combat boots. I feel naked without them.”
I laughed and this time she joined me.
“Okay, your time to spill.” She bumped my shoulder with her own. “Why are you staring at the park?”
I turned my head away from her to the subject of her question. “Have you ever seen a ghost?” I didn’t look at her, afraid of her reaction.
“Why?”
“Just answer me, please.”
“Fine,” she sighed. I could see from the corner of my eye that she was gazing at the park too. “I think I have. One night, after a party, a bunch of us braved the park after midnight. I only went along so I didn’t look like a wimp, but really, I was terrified. If you grow up around here, you know not to go there after a certain time. But the kids I was with had only heard of the history and not the warnings from parents.” 
Needing to see her expression I finally turned to face her. She was looking down at her hands. “Did something happen?”
She smiled. “No. Eventually they got bored and headed downtown to find more beer, but as we were walking away, I looked back…” She trailed off, her eyes shifting upward into mine.
“What did you see?” I whispered. By the tone of her voice I could tell that whatever it was had upset her.
She eyed me hesitantly.
“What?” I urged.
“A…little girl in a black dress. It was far away, but as I was looking at her, she disappeared.”
“And you think it was a ghost?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know for sure, but why would a little girl be at the park at one o’clock in the morning? And she didn’t run off, she was just gone.”
We were silent for a moment. “I think I saw the same girl. And I’ve seen a man hanging in the tree and a soldier.” It was a relief to get this off my chest. I was new to this area and Josh was from Toronto. I felt better discussing all of this with a local.
Her eyes bugged out of her head. “Holy crap! Did you go there at night?”
I nodded. “Yes. That’s where I was meeting Austin.”
She reached over and swatted my shoulder. My skin stung from the impact. “You idiot. You could have been killed.”
“How would I know that?” I cried. “You’re the only friend I have and you never said a word.”
Her black eyes narrowed. “I told you not to walk around here after dark.”
“But you didn’t say why.”
“That’s not something you say to someone you just met. ‘Uh…hi, it’s nice to meet you. Don’t go out to the park at night, it’s haunted.’”
I pulled a handful of grass and watched it float away. “That would have been very helpful.”
“And you would have thought I was nuts.”
I grinned. “That too.”
Again, we grew quiet, each of us lost in our own thoughts. I was watching a boy hit the gravestone I once thought was a monument with a plastic bat, a hollow thud, thud echoing through the air. Sophie was staring down at her flip-flops, tapping the edge with her finger. “Do you know about the deaths?” she asked me in a whisper.
“Yeah. Josh told me. His brother was killed five years ago.”
“It hasn’t happened this year. Which makes me nervous.”
“What?” I gasped. “Shouldn’t you be happy that it stopped?”
“Has it? Because that would be awesome, but what if it means the killings are moving. No one goes in the park at night anymore.” She paused, slanting her head at me, the sun reflecting in her black eyes. “Well, except you.”
I was tempted to tell her everything I knew. But the words were stuck in my throat. If she thought she was nuts because she saw the dead girl, what would she say about the rest?
She glanced down at her watch. “I should go. Matt will be here to pick me up soon.” She stood up. “We’re going to lunch. Do you want to come?”
“No, thanks.”
“Why? Do you have plans?”
I shook my head. “Not until tonight. I’m meeting Josh.”
“What happened to Austin?” I was tempted to correct her about her assumption about Josh and tell her I wasn’t ready for anything more than friendship, but since I didn’t want to tell her what we were really doing, I let her assume what she wanted.
“Austin and I are definitely over.” I drew the line at befriending or dating dead guys.
“Okay…well, have fun.” She stood up. “Thanks for the advice about my moms. And let me know if you see any more ghosts.” She started walking away and then called over her shoulder. “Stay inside at night!”
“Yes, ma’am!” I yelled back with a shaky laugh. Little did she know that her advice was not necessary. I had no intention of stepping foot on the park grounds ever again. Since the dream that mixed both horrors in my life, I realized how close I had been to death—again. After the shooting, my mom took me away from our town because she was afraid that it might happen again and I wouldn’t be so lucky the next time. But I always wondered if it was possible to escape death, or would it find you wherever you were one way or another. 
~~
Once Sophie turned the corner that led to her street, I went inside and decided to bake some cookies. I was anxious about seeing Josh that night and couldn’t sit still any longer.
“What are you doing?” my mom asked an hour later, coming down the stairs. She was in her office when I woke this morning and had been there ever since. 
I pulled the third batch of chocolate chip cookies out of the oven. “What does it look like,” I replied, breathing in the sweet aroma. I had already eaten more than enough, but I was craving another one already.
“Don’t you have an appointment with Rose today?”
Crap, she was right. With everything that had happened the night before and the knowledge that came with my dream, I had forgotten. “I’ll cancel it.”
“No.” She shook her head, reaching for a cookie from the plate I had filled earlier. “You can still make it if you hurry. Take my car.”
The urge to call Rose and cancel was strong. But that would be running from the shootings yet again and I had decided to stop avoiding my problems. “Can you clean up?” I asked her, gesturing to the bowl and cookie sheets that cluttered the kitchen island.
“Of course. Hurry up.”
I rushed upstairs to change clothes and run a brush through my hair. On impulse I grabbed my sketchbook before slipping out of my room and outside to the car. I had always intended to get my own vehicle. Back in Renwood I worked nights and weekends at a nearby diner to save up for one, but between my mom, and friends, it wasn’t necessary. But it was nice not having to rely on others for rides, and I loved taking Mom’s car out. Since moving, though, I hadn’t really gone anywhere. 
~~
“You seem agitated,” Rose said from the corner of her office, seated in an overstuffed armchair. I was facing her in its multi-flowered mate.
My leg stilled. I had been jiggling it nervously since I sat down. “I’m fine.”
“Did you do your homework?”
I shifted uncomfortably in my seat. “Yes. I told my friend Sophie. I hear she was a patient of yours.”
Her face lit up as a slight grin touched her lips. “Yes. She is a wonderful girl. I’m glad you are friends.” She glanced down at the notebook on my lap. “How did it go?”
“Fine.”
“Did you allow her to comfort you? Or did you shut down again?”
I sighed as I began to jiggle my leg once again. “I was tempted to, but I told her everything.” Almost everything. “It helped.”
She tilted her head at me, eyeing me thoughtfully. “And yet you seem upset about something. Is something else going on?”
I didn’t answer her, instead gazed down at my fingers, twisting them in my lap. Finally, after several long moments, I whispered, “Rose, do you think you can escape death? Or will it find you wherever you go?”
“Why do you ask that, Avery?” she asked calmly. Did anything rattle the woman?
I shrugged. “I was just wondering.”
“Are you afraid for your life?”
How could I answer that? She was a shrink; she was looking for real answers, not ghost stories. “No.”
Silence stretched between us. I could hear the ticking of a clock and the sound of children’s voices outside the window. There was a park a block away from Rose’s home office.
“What is in the book on your lap?” She pointed a finger at it, the pen stuck out of her curled hand. 
I felt my fingers tense around the sketch pad, not wanting to discuss it. I looked up at her. “Nothing.”
“Nothing, huh…” She trailed off, flicking the top of the pen, click, click, click. “Then why did you bring it? It’s not even hidden; you must have known I’d ask about it.”
Maybe she was right. Had I unintentionally brought it so we could talk about it? If not, then why wouldn’t I have left it at home like I did for our first appointment?
My hand shook with the need to show her, but my head was afraid of what she might say. Was I crazy or just morbid? Why would a sane person draw my classmates after they were killed? Would a sane person sit and talk to a dead guy? I took in a deep breath, smelling vanilla from an air freshener I had noticed earlier. Conflicting thoughts circled through my mind as she waited for me to speak.
“Avery, do you want to show me?”
Unable to voice my answer, I simply nodded.
She held out her hand, palm up, waiting for me to give it to her. After a few long seconds, I did. My hand trembled, making the pages shake.
She took it carefully and began to flip through it, showing no reaction to the pictures in front of her. The sound of the pages flapping against each other seemed loud to me.
I knew when she turned to the victims, not because she reacted at all, but because a vein ticked in her forehead. The rest of her face remained stoic until she closed the book. “You’re very talented, Avery.”
“Thank you,” I said, waiting for her to tell me that I was insane. Why else would I draw those pictures?
She passed the sketch pad back to me and I placed it on my lap. “Can you tell me what was going through your mind when you drew the after pictures of your classmates?”
I thought back to the first night we moved into our new house. “The first time I did it I had just woken from a nightmare.”
“What was it about?”
“The morning of the shooting,” I whispered.
“What part?”
“When I was walking to class, I heard loud banging sounds. I thought it was doors slamming.”
A phone rang in the other room and I could hear Rose’s receptionist answer it; soon after there were footsteps in the hall and a door opening.
“But it wasn’t, was it?” 
I shook my head.
“So the dream made you think of what you saw through the window?”
I nodded.
“What happened after you drew the image?”
I twisted my fingers hard. My knuckles were getting sore. “I slept.”
“Did the nightmares return?”
I shook my head. “No.”
“Do you think that maybe you were trying to transfer the unwanted images from your memories to your book?”
I nodded.
“Did it help?”
Again, I nodded. “Sometimes. Other times, the nightmares came anyway.”
She crossed a leg over the other. She was wearing gray dress pants and another peasant blouse, this one purple. “Why do you think you brought the book today?”
“Because I don’t want to keep reliving it.” I hadn’t realized that was the reason until I spoke the words.
She nodded her head; her long silver earrings twinkled with the movement. “Well, one way for you to accomplish that is to talk about it. Each time you do, it will lighten the burden.”
“But it hurts to talk about.”
“When you opened up to Sophie this week, did you have as much pain as you did the first time you told someone?”
No, not even close. When I told Austin about the shooting, I was only able to mutter a few words. “No.”
“Imagine how much better it will be weeks or even months from now if you continue on this path.” The idea of discussing it that much made my eyes burn, but I had to admit it did feel better afterward.
I had nothing to say to that so she asked another question. “Tell me something, Avery. What do you feel when you look at these images?” she asked, holding up the good drawing of Lizzie Marco. I had drawn her laughing, because that was what she did the most. Even during lectures. Miss Adams was constantly reprimanding her, but most times she did it with laughter in her eyes. She hadn’t been a stern teacher. 
I considered her question, thinking of all the emotions that appeared when I looked at the faces of the people I no longer saw every day. “Sadness.”
“That’s understandable. Anything else?”
“Fear,” I whispered.
“Also to be expected. Is that it?”
I paused. The last one was the emotion that overpowered all of the others and even though I’d been told by her and many others that I shouldn’t feel it, it was still there and always would be. “Guilt.”
She nodded, as if she was waiting for that answer. “As I said the last time we met, that’s a very common emotion for survivors of tragedies. People that live while others didn’t often ask themselves why them? Why did they survive?” She paused and gazed at me with kindness. “Have you asked yourself these questions?” All the time.
Unable to speak through the boulder size lump that formed in my throat, I nodded.
“Tell me about the other kids in the class.”
I blinked, surprised by the question; I thought we were talking about my guilt. I was expecting her to try and talk me out of feeling that way. “What about them?”
“Who was the smartest one, the really good student that everyone called a nerd, but secretly envied?”
I smiled sadly. “Margaret.” We were partners for a project once.
She nodded. “What about jocks, any big burly guys in the class?”
Puzzled by her questions, I thought of Leo. He was the star football player, but surprisingly he was also smart, not Margaret-smart, but he got higher grades than I did. He had sat a few seats back, behind Kristian. “Leo.”
“Do you think you were smarter than Margaret?”
I blinked, taken aback. “No.”
Again, she nodded. “Were you stronger than Leo?” 
Instead of answering such an odd question, I shook my head.
She leaned forward, her elbows resting on her knees. “If you admit that you are not the strongest or smartest in that class, then why do you think you could have stopped the shooting?” When understanding set in, my stomach turned to knots. “When Leo or Margaret couldn’t.”
I didn’t have an answer, so instead I only shrugged my shoulders; my throat was burning with the threat of a full-on ugly cry. 
She leaned forward and placed her hand on my knee. Skin against skin. The touch was soothing and helped calm me.  “It’s not your fault.”
I nodded my head, unable to talk.
“Our time is up.”
I cleared my throat, grateful to be done. My emotions were at an all-time high, and I needed a break.
“I have more homework for you.”
I stifled a groan, but did roll my eyes.
She smiled. “It’s not difficult. Don’t worry.”
“Fine, what do you want me to do?” My voice was ragged and raw.
“I want you to reach out to one or more of your old friends.”
I gulped. She didn’t know what she was asking, but I wasn’t going to explain. Instead, I only nodded and stood up. I was desperate to get out of there.
She held out her hand for me to shake. When I took it she held on and didn’t let go. I could feel her large emerald ring sticking into my palm. “And tear up the dead drawings. Remember them as they were. I promise, it will help.”
I didn’t respond as she let go and I turned away. I would try to do as she suggested, but I wasn’t making any promises. 




Chapter Twenty-One
Once I returned home, I went upstairs to my room. Mom was in her office and didn’t hear my entrance. Rose’s words, “Reach out to your old friends,” played over and over in my mind. I had barely noticed the scenes of the city as I drove home. All I could think about was the homework and if I’d really be able to do it.
As if on cue my cell rang, a reminder of Rose’s request. Knowing who it was I chose to let it ring, but when it stopped, I picked it up and dialed someone else.
“Hello.”
As soon as I heard Serena’s voice I realized how much I missed her.
At first I didn’t think I could go through with it. I opened my mouth, but the words wouldn’t come.
“Avery?” Serena whispered into the phone. “Is that you?” Damn call display, any chance of changing my mind went out the window.
I nodded, but realizing she couldn’t see the gesture, I answered softly. “Yes.” I sat down on my bed and lay back, staring up at my stippled ceiling.
“Are you all right?” she asked hesitantly.
“I’m not sure,” I answered honestly. Going to see Rose was helping to deal with the shooting, but that wasn’t the only issue in my life right now.
“I miss you.”
I swallowed loudly. “I miss you too.”
“I’ve sent you messages.” I could hear music in the background and I pictured her in her room flipping through magazines, her favorite pastime.
I moved my hand over my blanket, feeling pulls in the material. “I know.”
“Why didn’t you answer?”
“I wasn’t ready.”
“And you are now?”
I blew out a calming breath, my gaze still fixed to the ceiling, silently counting the pointed peaks of the textured surface. “I don’t know. But I’m getting there.”
“I’m so glad. We were worried sick about you. No one has been able to get a hold of you, not even—”
Knowing what she was about to say, I interrupted her. “How are things going there?”
She was silent for a few seconds before she answered. “It’s getting better. The school was closed until the fall, but we’ve been finishing the year online.” She paused. “I heard you were doing the same?”
“Yeah. I started late, but I just finished.”
“Me too.” There was a brief pause of awkward silence, making me worried that after such a long time apart, we wouldn’t have anything to say to each other. “How is life in Canada?” she finally asked.
How to answer that? If it wasn’t for the ghost and the killings, I would love it here. I was lucky to have found Sophie. At first I thought she was bossy, but the more I got to know her I realized that she wasn’t. She was funny, kind, and I knew she’d do anything for me. “It’s great. I met a girl that has been showing me around.”
“Oh. I was hoping you’d say you hated it.” Her voice turned to a pout.
“Why?”
“So you’d come home.” Her blunt statement silenced any response I had. I was doing better, but I was nowhere near ready to go home. 
“Maybe someday,” I managed softly after a few strained seconds of silence. There were footsteps in the hall and then they disappeared down the stairs. Mom must be taking a coffee break.
“I’m going to hold you to that, now that you finally called. Will you answer Alice and Lila’s calls if I tell them you’re ready to talk?”
I smiled, feeling happy to hear her voice after all this time. “Sure, but not tonight.” I had some ghost hunting to do. “I have a few things to take care of.”
“Great. I’ll tell them. You will not believe what Kristy Martin did,” she exclaimed. And just like that, my worries of having nothing to talk about with my best friend since kindergarten were gone. I spent the next half hour listening to how everyone was getting on since the shooting and how life in Renwood was slowly getting back to normal. When I hung up, I felt better somehow, as if knowing that my old town was doing okay made me okay. 
With that first step out of the way I thought of Rose’s last words and picked my sketch pad up from where I had tossed it on top of my dresser. Sitting down on the hardwood floor, I opened the pages and flipped through them until I reached the first dead drawing. It was Joey, and in the drawing, blood and bits sprayed out of a hole in the side of his head. The image was so disturbing it was shocking I had been the one who had drawn it. But I had to remind myself, it wasn’t something I created, it was a memory I was trying to transfer. Tear up the dead drawings. Remember them as they were. Rose’s words whispered in my mind right before I took hold of the page and yanked. The ripping sound was so therapeutic, I found myself flipping to the next one and doing the same thing. Before I fully contemplated it, I had torn every after picture out and ripped them to shreds. When I stood up, with the wad of papers in hand, tossing them into a bag and then the garbage, I felt myself smiling. I was truly happy for the first time in months. 
I tossed the book onto my bed and wandered toward the window. The sun had gone down, which meant that Josh would be here in a few hours.
As I stepped up to the glass, gaunt and lifeless eyes stared at me from the other side. Austin, dressed in his soldier’s uniform, hovered within the frame and there was blood dripping from the side of his mouth. All the happiness I had been feeling was instantly sucked out of my mind and a spine-tingling shriek erupted from my lips. When I clamped my hand over my mouth to stop my screams, the image disappeared.
I was still staring outside when my door flung open, slamming against the wall with a thud. “Are you all right?” my mom asked, her voice edged with panic.
My heart was hammering in my chest while I spun around to face my mom. “There…was a…spider,” I stammered, hiding my shaky hands behind my back.
“Oh…okay.” She stepped into my room and sat down on the bed, the springs creaking beneath her. “How was your appointment with Rose?”
I took a few deep calming, breaths, clearing away my panicked emotions, my beating heart slowing with the release. “It was good.”
“That’s it? That’s all you’re going to tell me?”
I moved toward her, keeping a safe distance between me and the window. “She gave me more homework.”
Mom picked up a framed picture of me and Sophie from my nightstand. She had taken a selfie of us on her phone a few days ago when she took me to the Kingston Fair. We were on the Tilt-A-Whirl and we were both laughing. She said I needed pictures for my room and since I refused to unpack my own, she was going to provide new ones. I hadn’t argued the fact that she herself wasn’t exactly a packrat, because I honestly liked the idea of documenting my new life, almost as if I was afraid it wouldn’t last as long as I had hoped. “What’s the homework?”
“She told me to connect with an old friend.”
Mom turned to face me, placing the picture in its former spot. “Are you going to?”
A car door slammed shut outside and then an engine started. Our neighbors. “Actually, I already did. I called Serena.”
Her face lit up. “That’s great, honey. How is she doing?”
“She’s good. They all are.” I picked up the paperback I had been reading off the bed and placed it on the shelves over the desk, angling myself away from the window.
“I’m so glad you finally called someone.”
I couldn’t help the small smile that appeared. “Yeah, me too.”
She stood up and approached me, slowly at first as if she was unsure if I’d push her away, then wrapped me in a quick hug. “Are you ready for dinner? I’m craving tacos.”
I nodded as she released me. “Sure. I’ll be down soon.”
“What’s that?” she asked, pointing to the small garbage bag filled with ripped paper.
“Oh, just old drawings. I was cleaning out my sketch pad.” I couldn’t tell her the whole truth. She didn’t know about the drawings and I didn’t want her to know that I was capable of doing such horrific pictures.
She shrugged and turned away.
I watched her close my door behind her, feeling a little hopeful for the future. Despite seeing Austin like that, it had been a pretty good day. Was it possible to live my new life, yet be able to hold on to the past I thought I had left behind? I smiled just thinking about this, and then followed my mom. Tacos sounded good.
~~
As soon as Mom said goodnight and went upstairs, I went outside to the porch and waited. Not surprisingly, the streets and park were quiet. As Sophie said, everyone in the neighborhood knew not to go into the park at night. I just wished someone had told me. I cringed as I thought of how many times I lay out on my blanket stretched out in front of what I thought was a monument. I could have been killed.
“Are you with him?” a deep voice called out, interrupting my thoughts.
I followed the voice and found Austin standing at the edge of the curb. My first thought was to warn him about the deaths, but then I remembered that he was already dead. Was he a victim of the killer like I assumed after my dream? Was it someone he knew? Josh and I thought it might be the dead guy in the tree, but we could be wrong. The park was littered with thousands of bodies; it could be any one of them. 
I stepped onto the road and stood in the middle, knowing that there would be no traffic at this time of night. “What does it matter to you? You’re a ghost.”
He flinched at my words, appearing embarrassed, like I had caught him peeing in a bush. “H-how did you find out?” His voice was filled with regret and for some reason it tore at my heart. I had really come to care for this person and dead or alive he had helped me to begin my journey of healing.
“I dreamt of the dead soldier. He looked exactly like you.” I took a step closer to him. “And besides, I just saw you in my window.”
His cheeks flushed as he gazed down at the grass. “I was hoping you wouldn’t see me.”
“Why were you looking in my room?”
“I wanted to talk to you.” Lights washed over us as a car drove by at the end of the street. A second later it was gone.
“Why do you look different? Before you were dressed in an old uniform and now…” I trailed off, eyeing his typical attire of jeans and T-shirt.
He shifted uncomfortably; it must have been hard to speak the truth. Lies were easier when you were hiding something. “It’s after midnight. I can become corporeal. I have clothes stashed in the washrooms over there.” He nodded to the red brick building that housed two outdoor bathrooms.
“The witching hours,” I murmured and he nodded his confirmation. “Where did you get the clothes?” I asked, finding myself moving forward, even though I hadn’t intended to get too close.
“Over the years I have collected a few items.” 
“Like books?” I asked, remembering him reading to me when I needed a distraction. He had always known exactly what I needed, he was the first one to give me comfort in a strange place, and it had meant so much. 
“Exactly.”
I stepped up onto the park grounds and wandered toward the closest bench, sitting down. Since I was wearing shorts, the wood was cold against my bare skin. “Were you ever going to tell me?” I asked, staring down at my feet, my peeling nail polish peeking up through the grass that surrounded my sandaled feet.
He sat down next to me. I should have been wary of being so close to a ghost, but I didn’t think of him that way. He was just Austin, the same guy I had been meeting with for months. 
He reached out his hand as if to touch me and then hesitated. It fell to the bench between us. I stared down at it. It was easier than looking him in the eye. His tanned skin and long fingers looked so lifelike, so real. How was it possible for a ghost to basically come alive every night? It didn’t seem conceivable, and yet there I was just a few inches away from a guy I had seen just hours ago as a spirit hovering in front of my window. “No. I didn’t want you to find out,” he answered, pulling me out of my musings.
I jerked my head up, angry for all the deception. “So, everything you told me was a lie? Where you work and that you went to Ottawa to train people?” My voice was loud, but it didn’t matter. We were alone. I wouldn’t be bothering anyone.
He nodded sadly. “Yes.”
Finally, I looked him in the eye, my frustration giving me courage. “Where did you go?”
He rubbed his hand over his face. It was such a human action, I could have forgotten what he truly was. “I was around. But I was trying to distance myself from you.”
As I took in his words, I remembered all that had happened in the weeks I had known him. “Did you crack my window the night you said you came back?”
He ducked his head in embarrassment. “I’m sorry, but I didn’t want you to kiss that man.”
“Why? It’s not like I can be with you.” My words were harsher than I had intended, but what could I say, they were true.
“I know…I just wish…” He trailed off, knowing there was no point in finishing his thought. There was no way.
“How did you do it?”
“The crack in the window?” I nodded. “I don’t really know. But sometimes when I get angry I can break things with my mind, but only when I’m in my ghost body. When I’m human again it takes all the energy I have to stay that way.”
It was the strangest thing I had ever done. I suddenly realized that I was having a conversation with a ghost as if we were discussing the weather. It was so surreal I was tempted to pinch myself to make sure I wasn’t dreaming.
“Avery, get out of there!” Josh suddenly yelled from behind us. 
I spun around and watched as he rushed toward me from the edge of the park. I stood up and took a few steps in his direction. Austin clasped his hand around my wrist to stop me. I spun back around and stared at him in confusion. His grip was so tight, it almost hurt. “What are you doing?” 
“Don’t go,” he pleaded. “I miss spending time with you.” 
I missed him too, but he was a ghost, what was the point. “I just want to see what’s wrong with him.” Austin let go of my arm reluctantly and I turned away. “Josh it’s okay, I’m not alone.”
He stopped a few feet from us, his face flushed, his eyes wild. “I know and that’s the problem. He’s a ghost.”
I smiled sadly, not exactly surprised by the news, although I wondered how he knew. “I know. I’ve been waiting to tell you that all day. I figured it out last night.”
Josh shook his head, taking a step closer. “You don’t understand, Avery. He’s The Ghost. He’s the killer. He’s the soldier that was murdered by his friend over a woman.”
I remembered reading about the soldier as we had about lots of the people buried there, I remembered feeling sad for him; what had happened to him was awful. But that didn’t mean he was the killer. The Austin I knew was kind. He helped me when I really needed a friend. I shook my head then turned to Austin and smiled. “No he’s not. He’s a friend that I’ve been meeting since I moved here.”
Austin’s face turned tortured at the memory.
Josh took another hesitant step as if he was afraid to make a sudden move. “And what was the date that you first met him?”
“It was a week after we moved to Kingston.”
“The twenty-seventh,” Josh supplied for me.
His words confused me. Was it? “No. It wasn’t that date. It was…” I trailed off. Honestly, I didn’t know.
“What day did you move here?” Josh asked, moving a little closer. I could feel Austin hovering closely next to me.
I thought for a moment. “It was the twentieth, I think…”I trailed off, realizing that would make a week later…the twenty-seventh. The day I had found out was the day of all the Skeleton Park murders. “But that doesn’t mean anything,” I turned to look at Austin, who was gazing at me thoughtfully, and then back to Josh.
“Think about it, Avery. It was the anniversary of all the killings—of his death. Don’t you get it? You were meant to be killed that night.”
As his words sunk in, I turned back to Austin, searching for another explanation, one that didn’t mean that someone who had come to mean a lot to me had planned to murder me in cold blood. I couldn’t hear that, not after fleeing my old town only to move to a living nightmare.
Austin’s features had become even more tortured. His eyes blazed with torment. “It’s true, Avery. I went there to kill you, but when I found you singing, I just couldn’t. With every moment we spent together, I was more intrigued.”
I took a step away, but he stepped forward. “No,” I whispered, shaking my head, hoping that if I denied it enough it wouldn’t be true, although if I learned anything in the last few months it was that denial never worked.
“I’m so sorry. I’ve been fighting the urge to kill since that night, that’s why I really left you alone for those weeks. You mean so much to me, I couldn’t do it. But you’re the only one who was brave enough to step foot on the park grounds after midnight. If I could kill anyone else I would.” His words were so ridiculous, it almost sounded like a joke. He was seriously talking about killing someone else to save me, like that would be okay.
“Wha…your…not?” I couldn’t form a sentence as the past events came flooding back to me. He said he worked until eleven every night and couldn’t make it to the park until at least midnight. The few times I had fallen asleep and he was just gone. I had thought it was a little rude for him to leave me like that, exposed and alone. But maybe he hadn’t. Maybe his time was up and he had no choice. As all the memories of our time flashed through my mind, I took another step backwards, never turning my gaze away from him. “No,” I muttered again, more forcefully than I thought was possible.
“It’s true. I’m so sorry.” His voice ached with lifetimes of terror and torment. He hated what he had become in result of his own death. He was a good person, I could see that. He didn’t deserve what was happening as much as his victims didn’t deserve to die. “I can’t help it. It’s a compulsion that I have given into every five years, for centuries. Except this year, and it’s getting harder and harder to fight.”
As his words sunk in I noticed something silver and gleaming behind his back. But before I could ask what it was, he raised his hand over his head. The moonlight shimmered off the steel blade of…a butcher knife. Where had that come from? It wasn’t there a second ago. Hadn’t Josh and I disposed of it last night? 
“Avery, RUN!!!!” 
Coming out of the shocking commentary running in my mind, I did what Josh commanded. I took off as fast as I could.  When I caught up to him he turned around and began to run as well. I was right behind him as he stomped over the grounds in his shoes and me in my flip-flops. I struggled not to stumble. Why hadn’t I chosen different footwear? “What do we do?” I gasped desperately.
He looked over his shoulder at me. “How the hell should I know?”
“You’re the one who said we had to kill him,” I yelled, panting as my feet thundered under me.
“Can we argue about this when there isn’t an angry ghost chasing us with a knife?”
Good point. It was definitely not a good time to discuss our lack of a plan. First thing first: get out of there. I chanced a look behind me and cringed. Austin was right on our heels.
“Get to the road,” Josh yelled. He was just in front of me as we reached the edge. His legs were longer than mine so he got to the road a lot faster. But I was right behind him, inches away from safety.
I was about to remind him about the little girl and how she was able to go beyond the border of the park, when a hand clamped onto my ankle and yanked. I went down like a freshly cut tree, slamming my face into the pavement. I tried to yell out to Josh, who had yet to notice that I was no longer behind him, but I was yanked backwards, the pavement rubbing against my face like sandpaper. I could feel tiny pebbles ripping my skin. When I reached the curb, Austin grabbed my arms and flipped me over. His eyes were vacant as he raised the knife over his head.
He whispered, “I’m sorry,” just as he flung the knife down.
I closed my eyes, waiting for the pain, but instead I felt a body barrel into Austin, knocking him off of me. “Run, Avery. Now!” Josh was fighting with the ghost, both of them scrambling for the knife. I stood up and hesitated, not wanting to leave Josh. Everything inside me screamed to run away and protect myself. The fear that was overwhelming me like a virus traveling through my veins only encouraged the impulse to flee. “GO!” he screamed again. “It’s you he’s after.”
As I watched the two struggle, I thought of the last time I was in a life or death situation. That time I was too late to do anything to help. But this time, I wasn’t. And I had no intention of leaving him alone.
“No, I’m not leaving you,” I screamed, panic surging inside me like a volcano.
“GO!” he yelled again as he finally reached the knife and plunged it into Austin’s shoulder. The ghost fell to the ground, screaming in pain. But that wouldn’t last. He was a ghost; nothing could kill him when he was already dead.
Josh stood up and ran at me, taking my hand and leading me to the road. Once we were finally off of the perimeter of the park, we turned around and watched Austin push himself up off of the ground. He yanked the knife out of his shoulder and walked slowly to the edge, stopping when he hit the curb, an invisible barrier we couldn’t see. He smiled sadly at me then turned to Josh. “Thank you.”
I gaped at him, confused. “What? You just tried to kill me!”
“I told you I don’t want to. I don’t want to kill anyone, but I’m trapped. Forced to replay my death for eternity. I’ve tried to resist for you, but I can’t do it any longer. Stay away. Don’t come back here and you’ll be safe.”
“And then what. You’ll just kill again when the next person steps foot in the park,” Josh argued. “We have to stop you.”
A glimmer of hope flickered in Austin’s eyes. “How? I’m already dead, killed by my best friend. There is no way to stop me.”
Josh nodded. “Yes, there is. If we find your remains and destroy them, you will move on.”
“To where?”
Josh shrugged. “I don’t know and it doesn’t matter. We have to stop you from killing innocent people.”
“Where is your body?” I asked, desperate to end his torment and the pain he was causing. But at the same time I was afraid of what we would have to do to him. 
Austin took a deep breath and then opened his mouth as if trying to speak, but nothing came out. “I…I can’t,” he finally whispered and then…disappeared.
“What do we do now?” I asked Josh, spinning on him.
“We try and figure it out on our own. We’ll find him.” He breathed in deeply. “We have to.” He was still holding my hand and now he squeezed, leading me to my front yard. When we were safe on my lawn, he let go of my fingers.
“How did you know he was the soldier?” I asked him, taking a calming breath, hoping to slow my rapid heartbeat.
“I found an old picture of the soldier. I was going to show you on line tonight, but I was shocked to see you talking to the very person I was going to tell you about.”
“But how did you know it was the soldier doing it?”
“In the same article where I found the picture, I saw that he was the first one murdered here. It had to be him. But I wasn’t really sure until he admitted it.”
I smiled sadly, happy that we had found the tortured ghost, but at the same time, I was sad for the loss of the first friend I met in my new town.
“I have to go, but I’ll do some research to try and find him. We’ll meet again tomorrow night. I’ll bring a shovel.”
“For what? I don’t see how it’s possible. There are so many bodies under there.” 
He smiled, his eyes looked tired. “Don’t worry, we will.”
He was right, no matter how impossible the task seemed, we had no choice but to find a way to figure it out, or more people would die. I nodded, feeling as tired as Josh looked. “Okay. I’ll do some research as well and I’ll stake out the park as much as I can. Maybe I’ll notice something that can help us.”
His smile widened, this time lighting up his eyes. “That’s more like it.” He reached up, touching my cheek where I had scratched it against the road when Austin attacked me. It stung as his fingers brushed it.
I hissed out a breath, but remained silent.
He nodded and then turned away, sauntering down the street. 
Chapter Twenty-two

“What happened to your face?” Sophie asked the next morning as she stepped into my room. She had called earlier, asking to come over because she was bored. Her moms were both at work, and there was nothing to do at home.
My mind went blank. “I-I walked…into the door.” I should have thought up a better excuse, but I had been researching since the early hours of the morning and forgot about my scratched up cheek. It only hurt when I leaned my hand on it or if I moved my face. I was trying not to do either of those things.
She looked at me skeptically, but lay down on the bed grabbing a magazine, forgetting her question.  I was glued to my desk as I had been since Josh left the night before. I was reading everything I could find on the former cemetery and I had yet to discover a layout for the graves. My research had hit a dead end, but I wasn’t ready to give up. Every time I considered throwing in the towel, I would remember the vacant look in Austin’s hazel eyes as he tried to kill me and I would resolve to continue until I found something. I couldn’t let anyone else die at Austin’s ghostly hands. It was tragic in more ways than one that this kept happening every five years. Obviously for the victims and their families, but also for Austin himself, his afterlife was as tortured as his death. If he was the same person when he was alive that he was now that he was dead, he definitely didn’t deserve this. He deserved peace and that was part of why I was determined to find his body.
 “What are you looking for?” Sophie asked as she flipped the page in the magazine. She was sprawled on her stomach across my bed, lazily kicking her legs up above her. 
 “I’m looking for a layout of the old cemetery.”
Sophie leaned up on her elbows, her interest piqued. “Why?”
“Just curious. I saw a ghost last night from my window and was interested in learning more.” I lied because I didn’t want to hear her lecture on why I needed to stay off the grounds. I knew that more than ever, but I also couldn’t do it. Not until I found the answers I was looking for. “Have you ever seen a gravestone? I’ve read that they show up every once in a while, usually when the snow melts.”
She nodded, tossing the magazine onto the floor with a splat against the hardwood. “Yeah, when I was a kid I was skating on the rink in February. The snow was melting, but the ice rink was still up. When I was finished, I found a dry patch of grass and sat down to remove my skates. Something poked me from beneath. I didn’t understand what it was until I was older, but I remember the faded gray flat stone with words etched over it. The corner was lifted out of the dirt. That was what poked me.”
“Can you show me where it was?” I knew the odds of it being Austin’s grave were slim to none, but I had to look just to be sure.
“I think it’s covered up. They go over the grounds every year to make sure the stones stay where they’re supposed to.”
I shrugged, hiding my disappointment. “That’s okay. I just want to see where it was.”
She stood up and slipped on the heeled strappy sandals she had kicked off earlier. “Fine. After I show you, though, I think I’ll head home. Matt has a break at lunch and he said he’d call.” When I gave her a questioning look, she added. “I forgot my phone at home.”
“Okay.” I slipped my flip-flops on and lifted my hand. “Lead the way.”
She grinned before turning and heading out to the hallway.
Mom was in the kitchen when we emerged from the stairway. “What happened to your face?” Already, I was getting tired of that question.
“She walked into the door,” Sophie explained for me.
Mom arched a brow in my direction, not believing the explanation.
I shrugged, hoping to be done with the subject soon. “I was half asleep and I had to pee.”
Mom stared at me with narrowed eyes, studying my cheek like she was considering the wound that was red and scratchy could have happened by the edge of a door. She must have concluded it could, because she finally smiled and asked, “What are you two up to?” She poured herself a glass of iced tea. Her black hair was up in a tail and she was wearing a camp T-shirt and cut-off jean shorts. She looked both casual and summery.
“Just going out to the park for a bit and then Sophie has to go home to wait by her phone.”
The girl I was discussing stuck her tongue out at me.
“Don’t worry about it, Sophie. I understand.”
Sophie grinned. “I bet you do, Auntie Caroline.” She wiggled her eyes at my mom, teasing her about her relationship with her uncle.
I looked out the kitchen window to see our elderly neighbor out back planting lilies. I hadn’t met her yet, but Mom had taken her over some brownies a few times since we’d moved in.
“Oh, stop. We just started dating,”
Sophie picked up a chocolate chip cookie from the plate on the counter and held it in her hand waving it at Mom. “Tell that to my uncle. He can’t stop gushing to Mom about you.” She took a bite of the cookie.
Something I had never seen before happened to my mother. She blushed and I swear she giggled. Unsure who this giggly girl was, I headed toward the door. “Are you coming?” I asked Sophie.
She finished her cookie and winked at my mom before following me to the door. “See you later, Auntie.”
“Have a good phone call,” my mom shot back. I could hear her footsteps as she went back upstairs.
“Would you stop calling her that,” I said once we were outside. The sun was bright and hurt my eyes.
“Why? Don’t you want to be my cousin?”
I stared at her. “I don’t want her to rush into anything. She hasn’t been with a guy in fourteen years.”
She shrugged, falling in step with me as I crossed the road. “If you know, you know.”
I shook my head, slightly annoyed by her excitement and not entirely sure why. The grass tickled my toes as it curled over my flip-flops when we entered the park. “Where is it?”
“Over here,” she called over her shoulder as she rushed ahead of me toward the far corner of the park. The loose black sleeveless blouse she was wearing billowed out behind her as she moved.
I dodged a little boy as he ran with a plane in his hand, making whirring sounds for the engine.
Sophie was crouched down rubbing the grass with her hand when I approached her.
She was right; if anything had once been there it was covered up now. The only thing that was visible was dirt and grass. “See, I told you it wouldn’t still be here.”
Disappointed, I bent down to examine the grass. “But I read that sometimes gravestones were visible.”
She looked up at me, shading her eyes with her hand, her pink streak bright against the sun’s rays. “They used to be, but a few years ago they fixed the park, added all new dirt and sod, even new equipment.”
Damn. Of course it wouldn’t be that easy. I straightened, leaning a hand on my hip. “Well, thanks for showing me, anyway.”
Sophie stood up and brushed her hands together. “So, what are you doing this weekend?”
Hopefully grieving the loss of my ghost friend. “Nothing, why?”
Her gaze swept the width of the park. “There’s a rally here on Saturday, and I could use some company. Matt is working.” 
I remembered the rally the first night we moved in, but ever since then the park had been pretty quiet, well, except for the ghosts. “What’s it for?”
“Mom’s friends finally called the police about the letter and the city is putting it on to support them.”
I smiled. “That’s nice. They must feel better knowing that not everyone is so close-minded.”
She nodded. “Yeah. There has been an outcry of love and support on Facebook. That’s where the idea for the rally came from. Can you come?”
“Sure, I’ll definitely be there.”
“Thanks.” She smiled appreciatively. “I should go before I miss my afternoon phone call.”
I smiled as I watched her saunter away, wondering how anyone could be so cruel to send hateful letters to people they don’t even know. Then I turned around and glanced at the spot where I had almost been murdered in this very park just a few hours ago. Pushing the letter to the back of my mind, I returned my focus to the task at hand.
No one noticed me staring at the spot Sophie had shown me and if they did they weren’t showing it. They were going about their day: Kids played on the equipment, while parents watched. Two teen boys played basketball at the paved court.
I scuffed my feet on the grass, peering through the blades, and began to wander around, my gaze pointed to the ground, desperately searching for something, anything, that would point me in the direction of Austin’s remains.
After half an hour of this, the few things I had to show for my search were a crick in my neck, a couple of odd glances from the teen boys, and some pointed rocks that jutted out of the soft earth I had mistakenly thought were gravestones. I was about to give up when a shadow appeared in my line of sight.
“Have you found anything?” a deep voice asked.
I looked up into the emerald eyes of the first boy I had seen in this town. “Josh? What are you doing here?” I was surprised at how happy and relieved I was to see him. 
“The same as you. Looking for Austin’s grave.” He looked around us. “However impossible it might be, but I can’t think of another way. I’ve been researching all day to no avail.”
“So have I. There was nothing.” Frustration ran through my veins as I began pacing. “There has to be a way.” I stopped and leaned back against a red maple, gazing around us. “We know who he is; we’re too close to stop now.”
Josh stepped toward me. “I understand your frustration. I have been waiting five years to avenge my brother’s death. And we will find him. Just be patient.”
His words washed over me like warm water on a cool day. Having him here helped lighten my frustration. I no longer felt like I was dealing with such an impossible task alone.
 “I’ll try.” I stepped away from him and wandered around the area. Josh took my cue and headed in the opposite direction, staring down at the ground as he moved.
A few minutes into my exploration, I looked up just in time to stop myself from walking into the washroom wall. Feeling my cheeks flame I glanced around me to make sure no one saw my near klutzy knock-down. Thankfully nobody was paying attention to me, not even Josh who was crouched down waving his hand over a patch of grass. I sucked in a breath, hoping he had found something, and then released it as he shook his head and stood up, continuing his own search toward the play equipment.
The area that I was standing in next to the washrooms was cloaked in shade from the trees that hovered above. I turned my attention back to the ground, this time holding the side of the small building to prevent a collision. My flip-flops smacked against the cement that created a walkway to the structure.
Following a dirt path that jutted out from the cement I walked around the edge of the washrooms. There were only approximately ten feet of ground before a chain-link fence lined the grounds separating nearby houses from the park. Stepping toward the fence, I noticed a patch of dead grass the shape of a large rectangle—the perfect size for a coffin. I almost squealed with delight.
I leaned around the small building and whistled, hoping Josh would hear.
He did and when he looked in my direction, I waved him over.
“Could this be it?” I asked, after I showed him my find.
He shrugged. “Could be. Since his spirit is tormented it might affect what grows above it. But we won’t know until we dig it up.”
“Which we can’t do until dark.”
Kicking his foot over the grass, he nodded. “Exactly.”
“What if it’s not the right spot?” Some of the hope that had built after finding the dead grass dimmed when I realized how much of a long shot this was, but so far it was our only lead. 
“Then we keep looking.”
“Well, there are no other possibilities, so what choice do we have.” I took a few steps toward the road. “Do you want to come up? I think I might do some more research.” I pointed to my bedroom window.
“I’d love to help, but I can’t. I have to go home. My aunt is having a dinner party tonight and she wants me to help set up, but I’ll come back as soon as we’re sure the park will be empty.”
“All right then, have fun at your party.” I stepped onto the road, turned back, and waved at Josh as he made his way down the street. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a young couple pushing a stroller. They both gave me funny looks as they walked by. It seemed I wasn’t as inconspicuous as I thought, wandering around the park looking down at my feet.
When I started toward my house, I peered up at the sky. The sun was shining brightly, warming my face, and the soft breeze was just enough to cool me down. It was such a nice day that I decided not to waste it inside. I took the few steps up to my house and opened the door. “Mom!” I yelled up the stairs, where she was working away in her office. “Can I use the car?”
“Sure,” she mumbled. I could tell just by her distracted voice that she wasn’t really paying attention, too focused on her work. I wouldn’t be surprised if sometime later when she took a break she’d wonder where I was. It didn’t matter though, I had my phone. I opened the pantry door, grabbed a couple handfuls of oatmeal, and headed out the door. I needed a change of scenery, and some time away from the park and everything that it meant. 
~~
Over the next couple of hours I kept company with the ducks, eating lunch with them. While they nibbled noisily on the oatmeal, I enjoyed an order of poutine. Since I was so close, I couldn’t resist.
The waterfront was just like I remembered it, lots of people milling about, cars buzzing by on the street above and boats lazily skimming the water below. It was exactly what I needed to get away from the craziness that my life had become.
But after two hours of simply taking in the sights around me and running out of oatmeal, making the ducks squawk noisily at me, I decided that at some point I would need to get back home. I had research I had been putting off. After one last look out at the lake and a wave to the three ducks that had lingered after I had run out of food hoping there was more to come, I headed to Mom’s car.
~~
The first thing I typed when I opened my laptop when I returned home was, “Tormented spirits and dead grass.” I knew it might be too specific, but it was all I could think of. Nothing appeared on the screen. Since I was out of ideas, I tried something else that had been on my mind. “How to injure a ghost?” This time a few links popped up. I clicked on the first one and read it. It said that salt could keep spirits and demonic entities out and iron could wound them. However there was no mention if it would work on ghosts in their corporeal form. I would just have to take my chances. Since we would have to wait until late tonight to dig up the grass, we needed a way to protect ourselves against Austin. The info I found from the Internet was a long shot, but it was all that I had.
Pushing away from my desk, I fell onto my bed. I hadn’t had a wink of sleep after Austin’s attack last night. I had come close and began to drift until his vacant eyes popped in my mind. So instead of putting myself through that, I began my pointless search to find his whereabouts online.
Thankfully, in the light of day as I curled up with my grandma’s blanket covering me, all I saw when I closed my eyes was sweet darkness. Before I knew it, unconsciousness took over.
~~
I woke to the sound of a ring. Still half asleep I picked up my cell without thinking it through. The voice that echoed through the other end made my heart freeze in place. “Ave?” It was the person I had been avoiding for two months. “Serena called. She said you finally called her. Are you ready to talk to us?” 
“I can’t…”
“Why are you doing this?”
A lump the size of a boulder formed in my throat. “Because of you, I was too late to save them.” It was all I could manage before I hung up the phone. And as soon as I did, I was sobbing. I could have done something—if only I had have been there.
Despite all of the progress I had made with Rose, and the steps I had taken to forgive myself and get past what happened, it all came pouring back. All the pain of loss washed over me like broken glass grating against my skin. Every memory left gashes on my heart. I lay on my bed curled up in a fetal position and let all the tears I had held back for so long flow. I cried for each victim, for their families, and for me. The image of their dead bodies and Joey killing himself was branded in my brain like an infected tattoo. Why had I ever thought I could forget it?
I cried until the tears dried up and when they finally did, I felt cleansed, as if finally allowing myself to cry somehow purified my soul, cleaning out all the ugliness that I had been holding there. I had finally begun to mourn for the kids I shared a homeroom class with and for the loss of the one I loved. He wasn’t dead, but I knew I could never be with him again. I knew each time I looked into his eyes, the guilt over the deaths would come back. I had to let them go—all of them.





Chapter Twenty-three
Later that night when my mom was safely stashed away in bed blissfully unaware of my plans, I gathered everything I had collected from the house earlier. I knew that what we were about to do was dangerous, but I was through with running away. All I got last time I did that was more danger and a heavy heart.
Armed with a messenger bag carrying two boxes of salt, a barbeque lighter, and lighter fluid, and holding the fireplace poker, I headed out.
Josh was waiting for me outside. He was carrying a backpack as well and a shovel. “What is that stuff for?” he asked.
I lifted the poker. “Iron is supposed to harm ghosts.” I tapped the bag that was slung over my shoulder with my hand. “And salt is said to repel them.”
“Do you think that will work?”
“I have no idea,” I admitted. His lips turned upward into a small grin. “All I know is that I’m not running from my problems anymore. From now on, I face them head on.”
He tapped his finger against the tip of my nose. “That’s the spirit.” There was fire in his eyes as he spoke. I wasn’t the only one who was determined to finish this. “Are you ready?” 
I nodded. “As I’ll ever be.”
The moon’s rays shone above the park illuminating the grounds as we crossed the road. It was a short distance, but with a feeling of dread and anticipation it felt like a longer trek than it actually was. Everything was eerily still. Not a sound could be heard around us, only the distant noises of the downtown core not that far away.  “Not sure why I ever thought it was peaceful out here at night. It couldn’t get any creepier,” I murmured aloud, more to myself than to Josh.
Josh approached the patch of dead grass and dropped his back pack. It hit the ground with a muffled thump. “Yes, it can. When Austin realizes what we’re doing, he won’t be happy.”
I wasn’t sure about that. He wouldn’t tell us where he was buried, but there was sadness in his eyes that became hopeful when Josh told him we needed to stop him. He wasn’t pleased with his existence; he just didn’t have a choice. He was forced into an eternity of revenge for a death that happened centuries ago.
I stood guard as Josh began to dig, placing my bag on the ground next to his. I was expecting the ghost to show up and stop us, but he was nowhere to be seen. The park was still quiet—too quiet. I was becoming uneasy with each stroke of the shovel, and tossing of the dirt. 
As the pile of soil got higher, I felt a chill next to me. The hair on the back of my neck stood on end. I slowly turned to my right, afraid of what I would see. An unfamiliar teenage girl was standing next to the small building that housed the washrooms. She looked almost normal. Her skin was smooth with no distinguishable marks and her gray-blue eyes were bright. Her pale blond hair was long and straight as if she had just recently brushed it silky smooth. The only reason I could tell she was a ghost was her clothes. She was wearing a Puritan-style black dress with a white blouse beneath, similar to the little girl I had first seen weeks ago. But on this girl the dress was clean. When she turned her head toward Josh, I gasped. There was a large gaping hole in the back of her head. And the bits of white I could see beneath made bile form in my throat. I held back a gag, as vomit threatened to surface.
I wanted to warn Josh, but the words were stuck in my throat from fear and panic. She stepped closer to him as he tossed another shovel full of dirt onto the pile, swoosh.
As if sensing something amiss, he spun around, locking eyes with the girl. A second later, she lunged at him. Before I could stop myself, I reached out and struck her with the poker. I had expected it to glide through her, but instead I hit a solid body. Damn, it was the witching hours, when ghosts came to life.
The iron did cut through her skin though, making her turn her anger toward me.
“Keep going,” I yelled when it looked like Josh was going to intervene. The girl stepped closer to me, slowly, like an animal stocking its prey.
Josh did as I asked and continued his digging. “I hit something!” he yelled as he bent over to rub dirt off of a flat grave stone.
The girl narrowed her eyes and dove at me. “Hurry up!” I yelled out to Josh as I took off, running in the opposite direction trying to get her away from my friend and his task of grave digging. I didn’t get very far before she sprang at me, shoving me to the ground, my nose exploding in pain.
She flipped me over and clamped her ice cold hands around my throat. “Josh,” I gasped, clawing at her hands with my own. My fingernails digging into her skin did nothing to end her attack. “Hurry up, please.” My cries were not much more than a whisper, but I was hoping he would hear me. We weren’t that far from his location.
“It’s not Austin!” he yelled in frustration, jumping up from the ground. He spun around and saw the two of us struggling on the cold ground. “Oh my God, Ave!” He rushed forward and pulled the girl off. She glanced at me still lying on the ground and then at Josh. He stood staring at her, his shoulders squared, ready to fight. She whispered something I couldn’t hear and then disappeared.
I sucked in a deep breath, grateful that I was able to, and stood up on shaky limbs. “What did she say?” I rasped, my throat feeling like I had gargled with thumb tacks.
“She said ‘Leave me be.’”
I glanced over at the hole that exposed the covered grave below and stumbled forward, still wobbly from the struggle. The name on the marker was Josephine Kline. Disappointment stabbed through my gut. Of course it wouldn’t be that easy to find Austin; he had been killing for centuries, how on earth would we be able to stop it? We were just a couple of teens.
“She was protecting her grave—” My words were cut short as I suddenly went airborne, shoved into the building. My head slammed against the wood siding, my ears ringing with the impact.
Josephine was holding me against the structure with a viselike grip, her fingers digging into my flesh. Her eyes were filled with rage.
“Josh, put the dirt back!” I screeched, unable to move. His eyes went wide with guilt and fear as he rushed toward me. “No! Just do it!”
He froze, hesitating for a strained second, struggling with the urge to help me or do as I asked, finally making his decision; he turned to pick up the shovel.
The girl’s grip on my shoulders relaxed with each pile of earth that was tossed back into the hole. When it was finally filled, she smiled at me and then at Josh before vanishing from sight.
I fell forward, clasping my hands onto my knees, attempting to catch my breath. Josh was breathing as heavy as I was while he flattened the earth back down, the metal shovel pinging against the gravel-embedded dirt.
“What do we do now?” I asked when I stood up, still breathing heavily.
He tossed the shovel to the ground and shrugged. “Besides digging until we find him, I got nothing.”
That wasn’t an option. What would the residents think of us disturbing an ancient burial ground-turned-park? Besides, if each ghost we bothered came after us, we wouldn’t make it through the night.
“If we knew for sure where he was buried, it would make this a lot easier.”
He shot me a look as if to say “Well, duh,” and then began to pace. “Let’s just think this through. He’s tortured, so much so that he has been forced to kill for centuries against his will. That would have to affect the land around him. But there is no more dead grass.”
My gaze swept the park until it fell on the square of concrete that made up the small basketball court. “Unless the ground above him is hidden.”
He followed my gaze. “I seriously hope it’s not there. Unless you happen to have a tract-loader in your back yard, there is no way to get the concrete up.” He blew out a frustrated sigh as he ran his hand through his hair. “And I think people would notice that.”
“I know, but where else could it be?” Again my gaze swept the park grounds. 
I spun around examining the area for anything out of the ordinary, wandering about as if I was lost. I felt almost ready to give up. It was hopeless. I was set to convey my thoughts to Josh, and turned around to tell him, but instead I jumped back, startled at what was now standing in front of me. The little ghost girl. Her appearance took me by surprise and I inhaled a frightened breath that was suddenly sucked out. As her presence always did, I struggled for breath. When she turned away gesturing wildly at the dead tree, just like she had a week ago, I was finally able to get my breath and focus on her face. She wasn’t angry, she was determined. “Josh?” I called out to him.
He was pacing back and forth between the play equipment, and at the sound of my voice, he tuned to look at me. When he saw the girl he rushed toward us. 
“I think she’s trying to tell us something.” 
She faced me again when I said this and nodded. Again, I couldn’t breathe. But it didn’t matter. Josh had approached us and was looking at the girl. “The tree?” he asked.
She nodded and looked at him, releasing me from whatever hold she had on me. When she started pointing again, this time to the shovel, I understood what she meant. “Is Austin under the tree?”
She spun around and I braced myself for more pain, but it didn’t happen. She smiled, her face turning pink instead of the sickly yellow, her eyes a brilliant blue. She nodded her head and then she was gone.
“Josh,” I began, realizing that all this time I had thought she wanted to hurt me, she was simply trying to help us and the people that frequented the park. She didn’t mean to cause me pain; I was just experiencing what she felt when she died. She couldn’t control it. And now that I was aware of it I felt sorry for her, as I did Austin. They were both unsettled in their afterlife. He was tortured and she seemed lost, unable to pass on to the other side, if there was such a thing. I was determined to help Austin, and I hoped it would help her as well.
“I’m on it!” Josh called over his shoulder, knowing what I was going to say. I followed him to the tree.  We just stood in front of it, taking in its mostly gray wood. Since I moved here, over two months ago, more of its surface had turned white, as if an illness was spreading over the tree like a cancer. The white branches gleamed under the moon’s rays. I touched the nearest limb. It felt like…bone?
“Get the shovel,” I said. “I have a lighter and lighter fluid in my bag.”
He smiled. “So do I.”
“I guess we’re prepared then.”
While he went to fetch the shovel and both of our bags, I ran my hand over a white section of the tree, marveling at how smooth it was. Over the years, age and weather had petrified the wood; it almost felt like marble.
I turned around at the sound of the shovel slicing into the earth. He had chosen a wide spot between two roots. When the steel spade dug into the ground the third time it hit the white root. I was expecting it to meet resistance, after all it was wood that seemed to be slowly turning into a marble-like substance, but it sliced through the root easily, as if it were made of eggshells.
As I watched Josh dig, the hole now about two feet deep, I heard, “Run. I don’t want to hurt you.” The words were whispered so close to my ear that I could feel lips caress my lobe.
I spun around to see who it was, but the spot next to me was empty, there was no one there. I thought I was hearing things until I spotted Austin about ten feet away. He was glaring at me with rage-filled eyes, the knife clasped tightly in his hand. “Uh…Josh?” I murmured out of the side of my mouth.
“Mmm, mmm,” he mumbled, shoveling up another pile of soil.
“I don’t want to rush you, but you might want to hurry it up a bit.”
The shovel halted in his hands, as he looked over his shoulder at me, and then Austin. He eyed me wearily, and made a move to toss the shovel.
“No. Just keep going, I’ll deal with him. If you stop we will never be able to free him.”
He hesitated for a moment before he continued.
The poker was clasped tightly in my hand, and the salt was on the ground next to me, where Josh had tossed my bag. At the exact moment I reached out to retrieve it, Austin made his move. He ran so fast at me, I could have sworn he flew, his shirt flying out behind him like a cape. I didn’t even have time to prepare for the impact.
When we fell to the ground I felt the poker slip from my fingers. He rose up above me, shoving my shoulders into the grass and gazing down into my eyes. For a split second, I saw sorrow slip over his features. He didn’t want to hurt me, but as soon as the emotion appeared, it was quickly replaced with a fury so strong, it must have been fueled with each life he took. His face contorted into such hatred, I was taken aback. This was a side of him that I had thankfully never seen before.
Before I could reach out to search for the poker, he raised the knife above his head. The stainless steel shimmered in the moon’s glow. The pointed edge was directed right at my heart. He wouldn’t miss if I didn’t get out of this somehow. Thankfully, the sorrow slipped back into his hazel eyes and the hand holding the knife hesitated, giving me time to reach into one of my pockets. I had stuffed them full of salt earlier just in case. I didn’t know if it would do anything since the iron hadn’t, but it was the only thing I could think of. With my palm full of the tiny white substance, I slammed my hand against the side of his face. His skin sizzled, making him cry out in pain. I pushed down thoughts of remorse and took the chance to shove him off of me. I grabbed the poker off the ground and raced toward the road. He couldn’t cross the curb. I’d be safe there.
I felt him right on my heels as I ran, but I had a head start and made it to the safety of the road without any interference from him. When I was safe, I spun around to see where he was. He was still in pursuit, and without thinking, he dove at me.
He slammed into what seemed to be an invisible wall, making his body fall backward onto the ground. He shook his head as if to clear it and stood up, taking a few steps toward me.
I could see Josh hesitate and look over at us, making sure I was okay. When I shook my head, he continued his shoveling. What he was doing was too important and if I needed him I would let him know.
Austin was silent as he stared at me. I couldn’t read his eyes, or his face that was masked with indifference. The side of his left cheek was red and blistering. I hated hurting him, but I was thankful that one of the weapons in my arsenal had worked. It was just too bad that the two boxes of salt were on the ground next to Josh.
“Don’t worry, I’m patient. I can wait here as long as it takes.”
“You’re forgetting that you disappear in a few hours.”
He ginned menacingly. “I won’t need that long. You’ll come back.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure about that.”
“Oh, no?” His brows lifted in cocky arrogance. Another side of him I had never seen before. “I think I have something you want.” He nodded behind him in the direction of the dead tree and—Josh.
My heart sunk when I realized he was right. If he went after my partner, I would have no choice but to intervene. Not just Josh’s life was at stake, but anyone who mistakenly wandered through the park after midnight. No one was safe until we got rid of him.
The only thing to do was to distract Austin from what Josh was doing.  And the only way to do that was to get him talking.


Chapter Twenty-four
“Why can’t you leave the park, when I saw you just outside of my window last night?”
He smirked at me. “In my ghost form I can go wherever I want. It’s only when I turn corporeal once again that I am limited to these grounds.”
That explained so much. He knew information about the city that he shouldn’t know if he was trapped in one area. I hated that he was confined, but was also thankful that he couldn’t go any further. Who knew how many people he would kill if that was possible. Thinking this, I wondered what made his death so tortured that it would make a good person murderous in his afterlife. “Who killed you all those years ago?” I asked as I watched Josh put down the shovel and lean into the hole. All that was visible was the lower half of his body, his one leg stuck up at an angle.
“My friend Henry,” Austin answered, his tone made of steel.
Behind him, Josh hopped back up and smiled at me, giving me a thumbs-up. He grabbed the shovel and once again began digging. Since the park covered the old graveyard he had two levels of dirt to dig through.
With hope flaring inside of me, I knew I had to keep Austin talking. We were so close, we couldn’t give up now. And it was much easier to distract him this way than fending off his dreaded knife. “Some friend,” I responded sympathetically. “Why did he stab you?”
He raised a brow at me. “How did you know he stabbed me?”
“I researched it. We were trying to find who was killing people.”
The sorrow was back in his eyes. “I don’t want to do it. But—”
“You’re compelled to. I understand. I read about tortured spirits, forced to relive their deaths for eternity. I want to help you.”
He was quiet for a few seconds as if considering this. “How?”
I took a step closer to him. I was talking to the Austin I knew, and for some reason I felt drawn to him. I remained on the road where he couldn’t get me, but I was only an arm’s length away. “We told you last night. By freeing you.”
He smiled softly. “I’d like that. But I don’t know if I can allow it. It’s like there are two sides of me. One wants you to succeed so I can stop killing innocent people. But there’s the other side…” He trailed off unable to finish, but I knew what he meant.
“I know, I’ve seen both of them. One is kind and generous, the other is ruthless and deadly.” I took a determined breath. “We will save both sides of you.”
He ducked his head, his face looked so miserable my heart ached for him. “I hope so.”
In an instant, his head shot up, and his expression changed. His eyes shone with rage as he smiled hatefully. It was like he had multiple personality disorder, if that was possible in ghosts. “You won’t stop me. I will feel my blade slice into your skin before the night is through.” I winced at his words that were said with such intensity. I almost got whiplash with how fast his mood changed.
Behind him, Josh stopped digging, and again bent over. He must be looking at the bones. I needed to keep Austin busy. “Why did your friend kill you?”
His features softened and the coolness in his hazel eyes disappeared. I knew it was the good Austin again. “He wanted my betrothed. He coveted her, but when she refused him he killed us both.”
Anger surged inside of me for the man that had once lived as a soldier. How could someone do that? Apparently even in history some people were nothing but evil. “I’m so sorry.”
The only response was a sharp nod, sadness and pain flashing in his eyes.
Josh lifted a long, thin wooden lid (coffin size) and placed it onto the ground next to the hole. Keep talking, I chanted in my head. “So what was her name?” I asked abruptly, desperate for ideas that would keep him interested in me and not look behind him.
Austin placed his hands on the invisible wall, like a mime in a box trying to find a way out. “Simone,” he answered absently. I wasn’t sure who I was dealing with now, the good or evil Austin. He was looking for a way to get to me, but his voice wasn’t laced with hatred.
“That’s lovely. Was she from London like you?” His eyes sparked with curiosity at my question and he stepped back, dropping his hands. He didn’t answer me. Instead, he swung around and saw what Josh was up to. Then he was gone—racing toward my friend at an impossible speed.
Without thought, I whipped the poker that I still held in my hand at him. In my mind it would have sailed through the air end over end in slow motion until it found its target, hitting Austin right between the shoulder blades, knocking him to the ground, just like in the movies. But this wasn’t a movie, and I wasn’t some muscled hero. In reality, the poker barely went airborne, falling to the ground two feet in front of me. The pointy end stuck into the grass-covered earth, the poker bouncing back and forth from the impact.
Brushing off my disappointment, I snatched the poker and went after him. The two men were struggling on the ground. Austin was above Josh, choking him.
I picked up the box of salt, flipped the tab, and then flung it in Austin’s direction. A spray of white dust flew out, landing on his head and side of his face. “Go,” I called to Josh as Austin screamed, holding his hands over the burns the salt created.
Josh did what I said, rushing toward Austin’s remains. He picked up his backpack and pulled out a can.
I stepped between the two men, blocking Josh from Austin.  Josh opened the lighter fluid and began to shake the liquid over the bones. I snuck a look over my shoulder just as Austin lunged at me, knocking me to the ground right at the edge of the hole, my hair hanging into the gap like the ghost man in the tree swaying back and forth. The knife was once again in his hand poised over my head. “Hurry up and light it!” The command did not come from me. It was Austin’s desperate cry. The knife shook in his hand as though he was fighting to control the compulsion.
His eyes were a desperate plea. He didn’t want to hurt me. But even though he fought, the knife started moving forward, it hovered just above my nose when Austin whispered, “I’m sorry.” And then he closed his eyes. The knife came closer…and closer still… then a whoosh erupted next to us, leading to a crackling sound—Josh had started the fire. Austin stopped fighting. The knife fell to the ground just inches from my head and I could see the moon’s glow shimmering off of the blade. Austin smiled down at me, his hazel eyes alight with peace. “Thank you,” he said softly just before he faded away.
I lay where I was, breathing heavily, allowing the last few moments to sink in. I moved quickly when I felt the heat from the fire against my head and, afraid that it would set my hair on fire, I jumped up. 
It was then that the events of the night settled over me. We did it. Austin was gone—free to move on, and the residents of Kingston were safe from his wrath. A weight lifted off of me. I jumped up and spun around, excitement bubbling up inside. “We did it!” I shrieked.
Josh beamed at me, the reflection of the fire dancing in his eyes. “We did.”
With jubilation coursing through my veins, I jumped into his arms, giving him a big hug. He was hesitant at first, but eventually returned the gesture. We pulled apart slightly, so that we could look into each other’s eyes, his arms holding mine. “Thank you,” he said, leaning closer. “I couldn’t have done it without you.”
I nodded in acknowledgment to his thanks, and then laid my head on his shoulders. We stayed that way, simply holding one another, our happiness over our victory making us both emotional. I needed this. I needed to feel close to another person, and Josh had become a friend that I depended on. Together we had fought an evil that had preyed on this neighborhood for too long. Together, we could do anything.
My hand moved upward to his mid back as I began to pull away until I felt something sticky. My fingers spread out, not knowing what it was. There was a hole in his shirt that hadn’t been there before and surrounding it was a warm substance. I pulled my hand away and held it up behind his back. He was still holding me tight, oblivious to what was going through my mind. When I could finally see my fingers over his shoulders, I gasped. My hand was covered in…blood.
I yanked away from Josh and he stumbled. “Oh, my god, Josh. You’re hurt. Did Austin stab you?” I hadn’t seen him get injured during their struggle, but I wasn’t close enough either.
Josh’s eyes sparked with anger and something else…sadness maybe. He hung his head in defeat, as if what he was about to tell me would be difficult. Finally he lifted his head and looked me straight in the eye. “Yes. He stabbed me.”
“Why didn’t you say something? I’ll go get my cell and call 911.”
I started to make my way in the direction of my home, but was stopped when a hand shot out, clamping around my wrist. “There is nothing you can do.”
“What do you mean?” I scrunched my eyebrows in confusion, a feeling of foreboding creeping into the pit of my stomach.
His face washed with pain as he closed his eyes tightly. “Why did I have to meet you?” he mumbled to himself. He took a deep breath and reopened his eyes. Resolve shone through his emerald orbs. “Austin stabbed me five years ago, not my brother.”
His words confused me even more. What was he saying? How could he have lived with a bloody stab wound for so long? As realization struck, I shook my head at him and whispered, “No. Don’t…don’t say it.”
He inched closer to me, letting my hand that he still held fall to my side. Brushing his fingers against my cheeks, he gazed into my eyes. His fingers were as cold as Austin’s had been. I couldn’t meet his gaze. I didn’t want this. Why was I surrounded by death? Why did everyone I know have to die? “No,” I mumbled, not to myself or to him, but to whomever or whatever continued to allow this to happen in my life.
Josh held my face, lifting my chin so I had no choice but to look into his eyes. Those beautiful emerald eyes that had drawn me in the first time I had seen them, even though I hadn’t admitted it to myself. “Yes. I’m sorry. I am dead, just like Austin.”
“H-He…k-killed you?” I stammered, not ready to accept it yet.
He nodded. “Everything I told you about my brother was what happened to me. Once I saw the pain my family went through, I vowed to stop him from putting other families through it.”
Memories started to unfold inside my mind. “But I saw you in the daytime. Many times in the park, that time at the restaurant with your family, and today. If you’re a ghost, then how…?” I trailed off, unable to comprehend what was happening.
“It takes a lot of energy to make people see me in the daytime hours, but I can do it. But if you tried to touch me, your hand would have gone through my body. And at the restaurant, I was with my aunt and uncle but they couldn’t see me. Only you could. ”
“But how come you can leave the park? Austin couldn’t.”
“Austin is buried here. I was killed here, but I can move around freely. I’m not a tormented spirit like he was.” His brows rose. “Do you remember the other kinds we read about?”
I thought back to one of our first research sessions. It felt like such a long time ago. There were a few different kinds of ghosts, but just as he asked his question, I knew what type he was. “Ghosts with unfinished business can’t cross over, but once their business is settled, they can.”
He nodded. “I was stuck here until I found a way to stop Austin from killing and now that I have…”
“You’re moving on?”
He smiled in answer. “But before I do, I want to help you do the same.”
“What!” I gasped, panicked. “Am I a ghost?” Maybe Joey did shoot me with the rest of the class and this had all been a dream. Did dead people dream?
Josh chuckled, amusement dancing in his eyes. “No, you’re not dead. But I want you to forgive yourself for not dying. Go back home and live, be a survivor instead of hating the word, embrace it. Let your friends and family support you. And let yourself be happy with the one person you truly want to be with.”
I swallowed hard, still unable to discuss this. “How do you know so much about me?”
“Remember the other night, when you left me in your room?” The night Austin had returned from his pretend job. I nodded. “When I opened your laptop to do more research, it was open to your email. I was curious about all the unanswered messages, so I opened them.” His tone held no remorse for his nosiness.
“You read my emails? How could you do that?”
He shrugged, not bothered at all by what he had done. “I’m dead.” As if that excused any rude behavior. But really, it did. I didn’t want him to be dead, or move on. I wanted my new friend with me. I wasn’t ready for things to change. “Besides, after I read a few, I realized it wasn’t me who had stopped living their lives, it was you. I’m dead, what’s your excuse?”
I didn’t have any. He was right. I had started a new life here, but it didn’t involve much more than the park, two ghosts, and a quirky friend. Had I really moved on or was I only in limbo?
As I contemplated his words, his body began to fade. “No. I’m not ready to let you go,” I cried desperately, reaching for him.
 “Yes, you are. Stop holding onto the dead and go live your life.” He smiled sadly and bent down to kiss me. With his lips pressed against mine, he faded away.
Tears pooled in my eyes as he disappeared and I was left alone.
With a heavy heart, I watched the empty spot where he had once stood for a few minutes before I was finally able to turn away. The park was still quiet, but now I could hear distant sounds around the area. I smiled to myself as I turned to the hole where the remains of Austin’s bones charred and then turned to dust.
When they were gone, I opened the bag Josh had brought and pulled out a large bottle of water. I twisted the cap and poured. Smoke billowed out of the hole and I watched it swirl up into the night sky. I had once thought that Mark’s barbequed steaks would make good smoke signals. They were nothing compared to what I had created. I watched the gray cloudy substance float up into the air, hoping that the city would see this and know that the killings at Skeleton Park were over—my own personal smoke signals. But I knew no one would understand and I couldn’t tell them either. As the five years stretched farther and farther apart I hoped that the residents of the neighborhood would somehow realize that they were safe and be able to venture out without fear.
“Avery! What are you doing out here.” I could hear my mother’s panicked voice behind me, but I didn’t turn around. I was entranced by the smoke, and the odd peace that had settled into my bones as I watched the fire die out. As much as I was still reeling from Josh’s admission and disappearance, I reveled in the fact that everyone was safe. Now that we had accomplished that, as Josh had advised, I realized it was time to live again.
“Avery, what are you doing?” my mom shrieked again, coming up behind me. She latched on to my shoulders and shook, my hair flopping over my shoulders.
I finally turned around and reached out to steady her. “Mom, settle down. Everything is okay now.”
She looked into the smoky fire, and then at me. “It wasn’t before?” she asked, truly confused at the scene she had found me in. I couldn’t really blame her. There was no sane reason why I would have dug a hole in the park grounds and started a fire.
I took the shovel and started to fill the hole as she peppered me with questions. Had I dug the hole and started the fire? Why would I do that? Had I dug and refilled a hole back there by the washrooms? “What is going on?” she shrieked when I ignored her other queries.
I had just finished covering the dirt and now smoothed it with the flattened blade, as I had seen Josh do. Again the gravel that was mixed with the earth pinged against the shovel. Slowly I gathered our items and handed my messenger bag to my mom for her to carry.
She took it, giving it an apprehensive once-over. “Why do you have all this stuff? Is that our fireplace poker?”
I zipped up Josh’s backpack, wondering where he had gotten it from and tossed the shovel over my shoulder. Taking my mom’s hand, I led her toward our house.
“Avery, are you going to answer me?” Her voice was taking on a shrill tone the longer she went without hearing an explanation.
“Mom, let me tell you a story,” I began. “It started the day we moved in when I saw a green-eyed guy….”
Chapter Twenty-Five
Three months later

Renwood High School gym

“As I look out at all the faces before me, it pains me to see some missing. On May tenth, the students in my first period English class were taken from us in a violent and senseless act.” I paused, taking a deep breath. I could do this. “Many people have said that I was lucky that I missed school that day, but those people are wrong. I was there…But I was late.”
Surprised murmuring buzzed through the crowd that had gathered for the six-month anniversary memorial.
“As I headed toward class, I heard a bunch of doors slamming and I wondered what was going on. It wasn’t until I reached the classroom and peered through the small window that I saw it wasn’t doors slamming after all. It was gunshots.” I took another deep breath and continued. “I saw my fellow students lying lifeless on the ground and then Joey’s face appeared in front of me. He raised the gun to his temple and pulled the trigger.” I left out the part of him smiling. They didn’t need to know that, but they did need to know why I left, why I had abandoned them.
Gasps sounded through the crowd, followed by the occasional sob.
“My mind couldn’t comprehend what I had seen and I fainted. Mr. Green found me, and rushed me to the nurse’s room. He didn’t want the press to know what I witnessed for fear they would hound me for my story. When I woke up later that day, I was catatonic. The images flashed in my mind continuously, and it wasn’t until a few days later that I finally came out if it. When I did, my mom whisked me away. She was afraid that it would happen again and I wouldn’t be so lucky the next time.”
I fell silent, looking over the sea of faces that were riveted to my every word. “What my mother and I didn’t know is that you can’t run from the evils of the world, it’s everywhere in different forms. But it’s our job to live the best life we can or evil wins.
 “I allowed it to control my life for a time. I was lost in the memories and hid inside myself until I learned from a very good friend that I hadn’t died that day and it was about time I realized that.” I felt the corners of my lips curl up slightly at the mention of Josh. I missed him, but knew that he was in a better place. “Instead of holding on to those horrible images of my classmates, I will replace them with their smiles and laughter. I invite you to do the same.”
Behind me a screen lit up with a teen boy’s smiling face. “We are here today to remember Jacob and how he whistled constantly in class despite Miss Adams’ attempts to get him to stop.” 
The picture changed to a thoughtful girl with a full head of thick, brown hair and bright blue eyes. “And Margaret, the smartest girl in our class, if not the whole school.” I swallowed nervously, still not entirely comfortable with what I was doing, but I knew that it was an important part of my moving on, like Josh had wanted me to do.  “I was lucky enough to be partners with her at the beginning of the year and to my mom’s surprise received an A on our project.”
The screen changed to a redheaded boy with a mischievous grin. “And Aron, who was forever cracking jokes and placing whoopee cushions on our chairs.”
On and on I went, telling little memories of each classmate until finally Joey Emerson’s face was displayed on the screen. “And Joey.” A silence settled over the crowd. As the rest of the pictures had appeared, the response was positive with murmurs or laughter, but not with this one. Not a sound could be heard in the vast auditorium.
I swallowed, my throat suddenly dry. “I will never understand why he did what he did, but by remembering him, we might see the signs in someone else who is suffering and hopefully stop them before it comes to this.”
The screen went black, and at first no one responded. There was just a deadly silence that was louder than any other sound I had ever heard. I shouldn’t have spoken of Joey, I knew it wasn’t a good idea, but when I had sat down to write my speech it just came to me and it seemed right somehow. When I was about to step away from the podium, fighting tears, a roar of applause erupted in the room.
I nodded my head with a small smile and turned to go, taking the steps slowly. I was wearing heels and was a little wobbly on my feet. When I reached the bottom, I walked into what felt like a wall. I looked up into deep pools of chocolate, the eyes that I had tried desperately to forget. He looked so good in a charcoal suit and blue dress shirt. His dark brown hair was shaggy like always, almost touching his collar. Caleb—the person who was relentless with his phone calls, and the boy who had started a fight with me the night before the shooting because he saw me hugging a strange guy. He was so hurt; he had muttered that maybe we should break up. In anger for the misunderstanding, I hung up before he had a chance to say anything else. I ignored the calls that came minutes later and never opened the messages that explained he hadn’t meant what he said. I might have listened to them the next day when I calmed down, but then the shooting happened. It wasn’t until a few days after Josh told me to move on that I finally gathered the courage to listen. I wasn’t exactly surprised by what I heard. I knew at the time he didn’t mean what he said, but once the shooting happened it was easier to blame him for…everything.
 Now, though, he was gazing at me the way he always did, with love. However, today there was also remorse and sympathy in his expression. 
He held out his hand with a question in his eyes. I had told him months ago that it was his fault I couldn’t save my classmates and I now realized that that wasn’t fair of me to say. As Rose continued to remind me, there was nothing I could have done. It was a hard concept to accept and one that would take time for me to finally agree with.
I was tempted to reject him again, as I had with every phone call I ignored, but I was tired of running. Besides, I had promised Josh I would live. That was why I found myself placing my hand in his. He pulled our joined hands up to his lips and kissed the back of my hand. With that one simple touch of his lips, I realized I was home.
I smiled up at him and allowed him to lead me into the crowd.
“That was amazing,” Serena cried, wrapping me in a hug, her eyes wet with unshed tears. The rest of my friends were behind her and I was passed around until I was once again in front of Caleb. Before he could pull me into an embrace, a hand settled on my shoulder.
“Let me guess, this is the stalker,” Sophie said, coming up to us. Matt was right behind her along with her moms, Mark, and my mom. They were all dressed up for the occasion as was I, in a new dress I had found on my last shopping trip with Sophie.
I looked up into the stalker’s eyes, a smile tugging at my lips. “Yeah, this is Caleb.” 
“Stalker?” His cheeks flushed slightly with embarrassment.
“It’s okay, dude, she was totally wrong to ignore all your calls.”
“You heard them?” he asked. His eyes were wide with either shock that she had witnessed his stocker-like behavior or by what she was wearing. Like always Sophie was making a statement with her clothes, which was a halter-style bright red dress embellished with little black pictures of hearts, birds, and, of all things, anchors. Her look was finished off with oversized hoops in her ears and the bright pink streak in her hair. 
She ginned in answer.
I leaned into him, feeling regret for so much. “Caleb, this is Sophie, the girl that helped save me from loneliness.”
“In that case, it’s very nice to meet you.” He held out his hand.
She took it, turning to me. “Ooh, he’s a keeper. I can’t believe you almost let him go.”
Wishing for a sock or anything that would fit into Sophie’s mouth, I gave her the stink eye, hoping to shut her up. Was she trying to embarrass me because I had moved back to Renwood? If so, I would get her back next year when I returned to Kingston to attend Queens, the local university. I had decided not to go to Limestone High; instead, I started the year online, knowing I’d come back for the memorial. Rose and I had been working through my issues about returning and even though my mom had to drag me into the building, I was here and that was all that mattered.
Mom moved back with me and we were staying in a small apartment over my grandparents’ garage. Mark was going to take care of the house in Kingston so Mom would have a place to stay when she visited him. But come May, we’d be moving back for good. I sometimes worried about the park, and after I told Mom what had really happened the night she found me having a bonfire in the middle of the grounds, she threatened to sell. But I couldn’t imagine living anywhere else. Besides, if we hadn’t have moved there, would Austin still be killing? I was learning that even though my classmates didn’t deserve to die, most things happened for a reason.
“We’re all going to dinner before everyone goes home. Would you like to join us, Caleb?” my mom asked.
I wasn’t sure if I was ready for that, but I couldn’t say anything. Even if I did have any objections Caleb agreed before I could voice them.
As we made our way out of the school, Caleb leaned down to whisper in my ear. “I’m glad you’re back.”
A true feeling of happiness glowed inside me as I followed my friends and family, the boy I loved at my side. It was an emotion I never thought I’d feel ever again. “Me too.”


One year later

“Guess what I did?” Sophie asked as she approached Caleb and me where we stood in line to pick up our class schedules at student services. The line was long, but we didn’t mind, we had ways to make the time pass faster.
“What?” I turned out of Caleb’s embrace to face my friend. She was alone for a change. Matt had to work, so he would be receiving his schedule in the mail.
“I got all of us jobs at Fort Fright.”
Now that I was back living in the house across from the improved Skeleton Park (after someone mysteriously dug up the grounds, the city decided to do some more renovations), I had been looking for something part time. I didn’t want anything to interfere with my time with Caleb, who was living in the dorms, or my studies. I was majoring in art and minoring in history and the paranormal. “What is that?”
“It’s a haunted house they put on at Fort Henry.”
I had learned a few things about Kingston since I became interested in its history. Fort Henry was now a museum, but it was built originally to protect Kingston from possible attacks from other countries. “Isn’t it a little early to get jobs at a haunted house? Halloween isn’t for another month and a half.”
“No. They take it seriously there. They train people to become ghosts or zombies or creepy clowns for months beforehand. This year’s theme is ghosts.”
I cringed. I had had my fill of ghosts for a lifetime, but since these were not the real kind, it kind of sounded fun. “Okay, cool. Thanks.” The fort was rich with history and while I was there I could do some research, maybe some extra credit for school.
“I’m going to go see if Courtney is here yet.” She waved as she stepped into the crowd, almost getting lost among the bodies that were mostly taller than her. Just as I lost sight of her, she turned back around and stepped out into the open. “Did I mention that Fort Henry is haunted?” She gave me a mischievous grin and a wink before she walked away.
I narrowed my eyes at her retreating back, wondering if it was such a good idea to move back here after all.
###










A Note from the Author

When I was a child, my aunt lived on Ordenance St. directly across the road from Skeleton Park (I didn’t know the real name). We played there often and in the winter would skate on the ice rink that the city built every year. My sisters and cousin left me near the far end of the park one day and since I was very young, I couldn’t find my way. My sisters never came back so I stayed on the bench where they left me and cried. An older woman found me and stayed with me, asking questions that I couldn’t answer. I didn’t know my aunt’s address, or her phone number. (BTW, the house was just across the road.) Finally she left to go call the police and while she was gone, I heard my mom calling my name. I rushed toward her voice with tears in my eyes and my heart racing with relief. Although I was thankful my mother found me, I always felt guilty for leaving the bench without letting the woman know.
When I recently told the story to my husband now knowing the history, he suggested that maybe the woman was a ghost. Maybe she was, but I still hope she never worried about me.

As a young adult I moved nearby and used to cross the park to go home, even at night, without knowing of the eerie history. If I had, I might have taken a different route.

A year ago, I was discussing my Irish heritage with my sister Brenda and she mentioned that a lot of immigrants were buried under Skeleton Park. I didn’t know what she meant; as far as I knew it was only a park. But as soon as I got off the phone, I did. I researched the history and it stayed with me. I knew I had to write about it, I just didn’t know the story. It came to me soon after. 
If you enjoyed the story, please share your opinion in a review.

For more information on McBurney Park, check out these websites and articles that I used to research the Park’s history
http://www.angelfire.com/home/merlyn/grave/skeletonpark.htm
http://queensjournal.ca/story/2011-10-27/features/skeleton-park-earns-its-name/
http://www.internationalghostsandhauntings.com/2011/11/skeleton-park-mcburney-park-kingston.html




Acknowledgments

Again, I have many people that helped with this novel. First, I would like to thank my sister Brenda. Without her I wouldn’t have known the true history of the park, and this book wouldn’t have been written at all. And to the rest of my family for all their support and for allowing me to run my ideas by them. 

Editing and proofing books is a must, so thank you cousin Tracy, the comma queen, for reading the first three chapters, I only wish she wasn’t too busy to do the rest. Thankfully my mother and mother-in-law came to my rescue and did the rest for me. 

A BIG THANK YOU to my kids, Josh and Megan, and to my niece Sydney and nephew Justin, for the use of their hands on the cover. It turned out so cool and I know they are very excited.

Thank you to Stephanie Mooney for creating such an awesome cover and to Christine LePorte for doing the final edit.

This book was more than just the history of one park for me. It was a trip down memory lane and a reminder of how much I miss living in downtown Kingston. While I no longer live there, it is my true home at heart.






Turn the page for an excerpt from Fated Dreams Book one in the Affinity Series, by Christina Smith
Prologue
Brownridge, Vermont


Three years ago

“How did I get here?” I asked myself for the fourth time, although I already knew the answer. My voice was muffled inside the closed, confined space.
It was Saturday night, and instead of hanging out at a party with Derrick and Emma like I was supposed to be, where was I? In a closet, and not the proverbial kind either. I was literally in a closet, fluffy towels and all. Why? That’s a good question, and the only answer I could think of was my own stupidity.
Stephanie Brown, honey-blonde hair, vivid blue eyes, and a body every boy drooled over, had it out for me. And again the question was, why? Well, the obvious answer could only be Ryan Crenshaw, her ex-boyfriend. Not that he wasn’t worthy of her attention—his wheat-colored hair and soul-deep blue eyes would make male underwear models envious—but he just wasn’t interested in her anymore. 
He told me once that the only reason he liked her in the first place was because he was new to the school and didn’t know any better. But once he did, he dumped her right on her cashmere-covered ass. And when Ryan started eating lunch with me, she decided that I was her enemy. She even convinced the entire school to hate me, and the social-climbing drones of the student body listened to her. Ever since I started at Hadley Academy six months ago, the only friend I’d had was Ryan, and he was only a friend. As much as Stephanie, the self-proclaimed queen of the school, thought differently.
Not that I was desperately in need of extra friends. I had two of the best ones anyone could ask for, but since they attended a public school on the other side of town, my days were filled with cold stares and the occasional prank.
I thought my luck had changed a few days ago when the queen witch herself asked me over for a slumber party with her two best friends. At first I was skeptical, considering her obvious dislike for me. But since she had made the effort, I hoped it was the start of a normal life for me at school, so I agreed against my better judgment. 
The evening started out okay. She showed me around her enormous mansion, making sure I noticed all the expensive-looking furniture, rich silks, and classic artwork that were displayed throughout the rooms.
After a gourmet dinner, I followed Stephanie up to her room. It was painted red and white, with photos placed perfectly along the walls. Above her bed was a portrait of the queen herself, which I thought was tacky. 
The distinct scent of an expensive perfume filled the air; it was such a strong odor I figured she bathed in it or spilled the bottle. Either way, the smell was overpowering. I used to like that particular scent, but now I feared I could never use it without thinking of her.
She sat on her bed with her puppets, as I now called Trudy and Tara, while I took the plush, wine-colored armchair near the closet.
“So Sarah, do you think you’re pretty?” Stephanie asked. 
“Uh…I don’t know, why?” 
She scowled. “I asked Ryan why he was talking to you all the time. And do you know what he said?” 
I didn’t like where this was going. “No,” I answered quietly, afraid to look into her eyes. 
“He said that you were sweet and pretty. And that he liked your dark eyes and your long brown hair.” 
I glanced at Trudy and Tara, hoping for help, but their smirks told me I couldn’t count on them. This wasn’t good. 
She didn’t wait for a response before continuing, and really, what was I going to say, she was obviously up to something. A knot of trepidation formed in the pit of my stomach. “I can’t do anything about your eyes, but I can do something about that hair.” She bent down and picked up something hidden under her bed. 
I had a feeling I knew what was about to happen, and I hoped I was wrong. 
She turned back around, holding a pair of industrial-size, shiny, silver scissors. Oh shit. Her smile was all steel as she glanced at me, and then at the shears. 
Now I knew why they invited me here, and it wasn’t to become my friend. 
God, I was so stupid. Why would I think that after months of her ignoring me, the frost queen would suddenly be nice to me? I should have known that a girl like her, rich, snobby, and just plain mean, was incapable of change. 
Glaring at the scissors, I gulped, making the only decision I could think of. I took off out the door of her bedroom. 
As I ran down the hall, I heard her yell, “Get her, girls.” 
This was so cliché. I was living a horror flick, and I couldn’t believe I fell for it. 

So now the question was, how did I get myself out of this odd situation I suddenly found myself in? 
It was so dark in the closet I couldn’t see the hand I held out in front of my face. If there was a light bulb in here, I wasn’t going to turn it on for fear I’d give away my position. A floral scent wafted around the tiny cubby. I stretched out my hand and felt the soft towels that were folded neatly on a shelf beside me. 
With my head pressed against the door, I sat down on the floor, trying to think of what to do next. My eyes were closed as I listened carefully, hearing only my own breathing and the faint sound of footsteps as they searched another part of the house. I was safe, for now. Although I knew I couldn’t hide forever. 
Since I had nothing else to do, I tapped my knee with my finger to the tune of the national anthem. It must have helped my thought process, because I remembered something. I had seen a phone sitting on a stand in the hall on my way to this closet. Maybe I could crawl over to it while the crazy girls were occupied, and call my mom. Then I could sneak outside and wait behind some bushes. I really didn’t want a haircut. I couldn’t believe she was going to chop off my hair just because her ex-boyfriend talked to me and became my friend. 
What was I thinking; of course she would. 
I waited a few seconds, making sure they were still out of hearing distance before making my move. 
Opening the door very slowly, I crawled out, looking around to make sure I was alone. Since my eyes had adapted to the darkness of the small closet, they now felt strained from the wash of light coming from the fixture above me. The hallway was clear, so I continued to crawl slowly on my hands and knees along the soft oatmeal-colored carpet, careful not to make any sound. The phone was just a couple feet away on a small oak table against the wall. 
I was almost there when I heard a squeaky voice I recognized as Tara’s. “There she is,” she yelled, pointing at me from the other end of the hallway. 
Crap. I stood up and ran as fast as I could for the portable handset. I picked it up and dialed my number quickly. My mom answered, “Hello.” 
The words “come get me” rushed out of my mouth before a well-manicured hand reached for the receiver. I turned to see Stephanie slam her finger down, ending my call and the only chance of escape.
She smiled wickedly; her fierce blue eyes shot out imaginary icicles that filled me with fear. “This is going to be so much fun.”
Tara and Trudy held on to me while I pleaded with them to stop. I hoped that they would feel guilty and let me go. That hope was short-lived when I saw laughter in their eyes. They were just as evil as Stephanie was.
As I struggled, I felt the first cut, and some of my hair that had taken years to grow fall to the floor. I panicked, stomped on someone’s foot, and took off running. Fingers slipped from my skin. I was free.
“Get her, now!” the evil witch screamed. In my haste I tripped on the edge of the carpet, giving Tara a chance to grab my arm before I could get away, her pointed nails digging into my skin. 
They held on tighter this time, and as hard as I tried, I couldn’t get away. I sobbed quietly as they chopped off my hair. My heart sank with every snip of the scissors. The strands brushed my arm and feet as they fell to the floor, feeling like soft feathers caressing my skin. I closed my eyes, hoping that was all it was, a pillow torn open above my head.
When the awful snipping sounds stopped, I opened my eyes to see most of my hair lying in clumps at me feet. I could no longer pretend they were anything else. I knew that the pile of brown clippings curled up along the carpet was mine. I stared down at it with a feeling of numbness. My long mane that I had taken such care of was now taunting me from the floor. When I was little, I asked to have long hair just like my mother. After that, she would brush it lovingly every night, buying products to keep it soft and shiny. She said it was one of the reasons she wanted a daughter, to dress her up and play with her hair. And now the remaining pieces lay on the floor, being stomped on by Stephanie’s open-toed red sandals. 
They let me go and started to laugh. “I don’t think Ryan will be interested in you now. My goodness, Sarah, what happened to your hair?” she mocked. “You know, you really should stop going to your dad’s barber.” Stephanie’s sick attempt at humor made the lump in my throat threaten to grow. 
Trudy and Tara laughed at her joke with twin high-pitched screeches. They were eerily similar, with matching grey eyes, black hair, and milky complexions. If Trudy wasn’t four inches taller than Tara, I’d think they were twins, although they weren’t even related.
I ran to Stephanie’s room, picked up my bag, and took off in the direction of the front door. As I rushed out, I heard her shrill voice calling after me. “Oh Sarah, are you leaving so soon?” And of course more laughter followed. 
I stumbled out of her house into the night. In the darkness, I followed the walkway to the road, feeling embarrassed and angry, and an ache formed in my chest before the tears started to fall. 
I wasn’t paying attention to where I was going and started walking aimlessly. My tears were flowing hard, obscuring my view. My foot caught in a crack in the road, and I fell to the ground. My hands dug into the asphalt, scraping my palms. 
I pushed myself up and continued walking. 
Would this horror movie ever end? I hoped to wake up in my room, having dreamed the whole thing. Closing my eyes, I willed it to be true, but fate was not on my side; this was really happening. I was still here wandering the roads, praying I was heading in the right direction. 
After what seemed like hours, I saw headlights behind me. A car pulled along the sidewalk, and the passenger side window slowly rolled down. “OH, MY GOD, SARAH! WHAT HAPPENED?” my mother yelled from the driver’s seat. 






Chapter One
The Dream

The fact that he was present made me realize I was dreaming. In reality, he wouldn’t be caught dead talking to me. It was early evening, and I was sitting on one of the swings from my brother’s old swing set, staring up at the starry sky. It was peaceful, with a warm breeze gently brushing my face. My hair fell into my eyes. The scent of lilacs drifted in the air.
I had just pushed off the ground and swung upwards when I heard a creaking sound behind me. I glanced back to see him open the gate and walk into our yard. He smiled at me, his hazel eyes sparkling in the moonlight as he sat down on the swing next to mine. We sat together silently, swinging gently, looking up at the moon and the stars. 
Suddenly, a bright light shone from behind us, followed by a very shrill noise…or was it a scream? 
Thump, thump, thump. My eyes shot open. A banging sound came from somewhere, interrupting my sleep. I wasn’t ready to wake yet, so I threw the pillow over my head to muffle the noise.
“Sarah, get up, Mom’s been calling you,” Alex, my fifteen-year-old brother, bellowed from the other side of my bedroom door. 
“I’m up,” I yelled, tossing the pillow aside and closing my eyes again.
I jumped at the sound of another thump. “Go away!” God, can’t anyone sleep in around here? I heard him stomp down the hall, leaving me to nestle under my covers to go back to sleep. Just as I was drifting off again, a thought appeared in my foggy brain; I was supposed to do something, wasn’t I? My eyes popped open, focusing on the dirt splotch on my ceiling above me left by a ball I had thrown up years ago. I knew I should wash it off, but I sometimes found myself staring up at it and seeing shapes in the dust. Once, after studying for a difficult biology exam, the shape of a happy face appeared. It made me feel better about the test. But now I lay staring at it trying to figure out what day it was, and then I did. It was Monday and I was late for school. Filled with panic, I jumped up to have a quick shower. 

By the time I was finished getting ready for school, my mom had already left. There was a note on the kitchen table telling me that she had taken Alex to school and that I had better not be late. There was a threat in there too, but I wasn’t worried. She was pretty lenient—well, only when my dad was away on business. She was always joking with him that someone had to be the grown-up. My dad was more like a kid than an adult, more like a friend than a father. My brother and I were lucky in the parent department. Yes, my mother was a little more responsible than my dad, but we didn’t really have many rules. She trusted us to make the right choices. She was very good with guilt, so before I did something stupid, I would think of the guilt trip she’d lay out…and change my mind. 
I took a juice box and a granola bar from the pantry, grabbed my coat off the hook, and headed out the door. 
It was hot and sunny out and I instantly regretted the coat. Shaking it off, I ran to my car, a used silver-blue, two-door SUV I got for my sixteenth birthday. It was a bribe from my mother to make me go to Hadley Academy. Even though I only lasted at the snooty school for six months, I was able to keep the bribe. It was an older car, but that was okay, it had character. So what if the passenger side door stuck on rainy days, and it sometimes smelled of pipe tobacco? It was all part of the charm, and besides, it was free. I paid for the insurance and gas with the money I made working at the multiplex. With only a few shifts a week, I didn’t make a lot. But I was pretty good at saving. 
As I drove, I noticed that only a few leaves had changed. It was the second week of September, and this beautiful weather wasn’t going to last long. 
I arrived at my school, Hamilton High, a large dull-gray stone building that slightly resembled a prison. Considering my last school, I was okay with its appearance.
Parking in the student parking lot wasn’t always easy, since I was usually late. I was often left with the spot furthest from the entrance, and today was no different. 
Rushing to the front doors, I noticed my mom’s car, a candy-red convertible. It was her gift to herself after she turned forty. She worked here, unfortunately, as the vice principal. It’s not as bad as it sounds, having a mother that works at your school. With a building this size, I didn’t see her that often. This was my last year of high school anyway. In the fall, I was heading to NYU for their teaching program; I was going to become a music teacher. I had been playing the piano since I was five. My mother’s dream for me was to follow in her footsteps and become a teacher, so I thought combining our dreams was a good compromise. 
 I was running from my locker, after having put my bag inside, when the bell rang. Crap. I was late again. I’m not good with mornings, so this happens every so often. 
Just as I turned the corner heading to my first period English class, I slammed into someone. Our sneakers squeaked against the white tile as we collided. A pile of books fell to the floor in a heap. 
I bent down to pick them up. “I’m so sorry,” I stammered, but the words were barely out of my mouth before the person took off down the hall.
It was a guy, and he had picked up his books so fast, I didn’t even see his face. All I noticed was the back of his head as I watched him run off. His hair was shaggy and brown, and he was quite a bit taller than my five foot five. The gray sweatshirt and jeans he wore weren’t helpful at identifying him either, since a lot of kids in school dressed that way. 
“Miss Samson, is there a reason you’re loitering in the hallway when class is starting?”
Turning toward the voice, I saw Mr. Henderson standing in front of his classroom. He was short and stout with a receding hair line that made his forehead look gigantic. And since his glasses always fell to the bridge of his nose, no matter how many times he pushed them back, a few kids made fun of him.  I, however, would never do such a thing. 
“You wouldn’t want me to report you to your mother, would you?” he said in a snarly tone.
“I’m going,” I mumbled as I took off in the direction of my first class. 
I wasn’t that late. The kids were just getting settled, opening their books and getting out their pens, when I snuck into my seat.
“You’re late,” Derrick, one of my best friends, whispered from behind me. Miss Reynolds, our English teacher, was just starting her lesson and didn’t notice him talking. “We’re meeting Emma outside today for lunch,” he whispered again. I nodded my head, focusing on the rest of the lesson. 
My next class was my favorite, music, and part of the reason I liked it so much was the teacher, Miss. Fitzgerald. She had long auburn hair that was always pulled back in a braid, and she constantly wore long flowing skirts with peasant blouses. I once heard Mr. Henderson call her a Bohemian. 
For the last week we had been studying a piece she composed. It was complex and challenging to learn; luckily, I loved a challenge. I was to play the piano for the piece and was excited for the night we would get to perform for the school and our parents. We were working on our own today, each of us learning our parts.
I was lost in the music when Miss Fitzgerald came over and stood beside me. My fingers stilled as I glanced up at her. “Wonderful, Sarah, you're doing great. I can’t wait to hear the whole piece. Julliard will be lucky to have you,” she said, smiling. Her arms were crossed in front of her as she leaned on the edge of the piano.
“Thank you, Miss Fitzgerald. But I doubt I’ll get a job there after college.”
“Sarah, you could be a concert pianist, and yet you choose to teach. They should welcome you with open arms.” 
I blushed, unable to hide my excitement at her words, even though I couldn’t get my hopes up. I had always wanted to teach there, but I knew it was a difficult position to acquire. I would just have to wait and see.
Her words put me in a good mood, and after class was over, I headed to my locker, humming the tune I had been playing.
I had to ditch my books and get my lunch. As I fumbled with my locker door, my arms loaded with books, a blue spiral notebook slipped out of my fingers and landed on the floor with a thump.
I bent down to pick it up and realized it wasn’t my name scrawled on the front, it was Lucas Tate’s. His loopy handwriting was barely legible. Why did I have his book? I shoved it into my locker and ran outside to meet my friends; I’d figure it out later. 
They were at one of the far picnic tables. Since it was still warm outside, a lot of the tables that were placed throughout the schoolyard were occupied with other students that wanted to enjoy the sunshine. 
I strolled toward them, in no hurry, enjoying the heat of the sun on my face and the scent of grass as the janitor chugged along the football field on his riding lawn mower. The low purr of his motor, mixed with the temperature, made it feel like springtime. But we weren’t so lucky; it was only a matter of time before the air would turn cold. “Hey, guys” I said, sitting down next to Emma.
Derrick was on the other side, and I wouldn’t be surprised if they had been staring into each other’s eyes. They both had a huge crush on each other, but neither of them would admit it. The only reason I could think of for them to hold back their feelings was that we all had been best friends forever. Whether that was the reason or not, I had no idea.
“I heard you were late again,” Emma mumbled, her mouth full of ham sandwich. 
I opened my lunch, taking out the pepperoni and cheese sandwich, saving the apple and caramel snack cake for later. “I wasn’t that late, and besides, it wasn’t my fault. I bumped into someone and had to pick up my books.” I didn’t mention that I was running late before that happened.
Derrick opened his mouth to speak, except I wasn’t listening. I just realized why I had Lucas’ book. It was him that I bumped into. That explained the fast departure. 
Lucas Tate was his twin brother. And by his, I mean Logan Tate, the most popular guy in school, although nobody could figure out why. He was kind of a jerk, but got away with it because of his looks. He was the type of guy you could stare at all day, but hoped wouldn’t speak. He was also the boy who starred in my dream last night. 
Emma waved her hand in front of my face. “What are you thinking about?” 
Snapping out of my own thoughts, I looked over at her. “I just figured out who it was I bumped into this morning.”
Derrick glanced at me, his brow furrowed in confusion. “What do you mean, you just figured it out? How could you not know, were your eyes closed?” He smirked at his own joke. 
I blinked at him. “Ah…no, but he ran off before I saw who it was. When I was putting my books away, I realized I had an extra one, with Lucas Tate’s name on it.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “Well, that explains it.” She looked away from us as Martin Macpherson, star quarterback and the object of my six-month-long crush in tenth grade, rushed by, chasing after a fellow team member, Rudy Myer, who cradled a football. She gave me a knowing glance as my cheeks heated from habit more than actual interest, and then continued. “He never talks to anyone.”
She was right. Lucas was Logan’s twin brother, but they were nothing alike. Logan loved to be the center of attention while Lucas went out of his way to avoid it. The only people I ever saw him with were his two best friends, Andy Taylor and Kyle Roberts. They were good guys. I had a few classes with them, and we’ve talked some. 
Lucas was different in another way from his brother. He wore glasses and kept his coffee-colored hair long, almost reaching his shoulders, as if he didn’t care what it looked like. Logan’s was always cut short and styled to perfection, and he always dressed in the latest styles. Lucas, however, wore sweatshirts and jeans almost every day. 
I was deep in thought when I heard Derrick’s voice. “What is wrong with girls in this school?” 
“What are you talking about?” Emma asked, tossing back her long red curls and batting her thick lashes over her olive-green eyes. Why didn’t Derrick see when she was flirting? 
“Look at Allison Morey over there flirting with Logan. He treats people like crap, and stupid girls like her still hang all over him, just because he’s a pretty boy.” He shook his head. “I just don’t get it.”
While he was ranting, I glanced over to where Logan was sitting with his friends, and sure enough, there were a few girls flaunting themselves at him. 
“Don’t ask us, you don’t see me or Sarah over there, do you?” Emma defended us as girls who went to this school. I really couldn’t tell them that I was dreaming about him after this. It was true what they were saying, and I was not interested in Logan at all. Well, only to look at maybe. But why would I dream about him? 
“Oh my God, Sarah. I forgot to tell you.” Her green eyes were alight with excitement. “Guess who I saw this weekend when I was shopping in Langton with my mom.”
I stared at her, my mind blank. I had no idea who it could be. “The president?”
She chuckled, waving her sandwich at me. “No, dummy. Stephanie.”
Just the sound of her name gave me the chills. “Lucky you.” I grinned, thinking about the last time I saw her at the beach. My brown hair was still short after my unwanted cut, but styled in a cute spiky bob. My friends and I were enjoying a day of sun. Her mouth popped open in shock when she noticed me. Derrick, who knew about what had happened, draped his arm around me and whispered in my ear as though we were a couple. Of course we weren’t—he was my best friend—but she didn’t have to know that. A few of his buddies were also there, dressed only in swimsuits, showing off their tanned muscular bodies. 
To her, it looked like I was surrounded by three hunky guys all vying for my attention. So I wasn’t surprised that she stared at me coldly, shooting daggers in my direction. I just smiled and waved at her, making her so angry, she stomped off the beach with her puppets following her.
“Who’s Stephanie?” Derrick asked, but before I answered, his eyes widened. “Isn’t she that witch who cut your hair?”
Since he caught me with my mouth full, I just nodded.
“You really need to get back at her.” He shook his head, staring down at his soda can.
I swallowed. “Why, she’s a spoiled rich snob. I don’t care what she thinks.” I took a sip of my drink. “Besides, wouldn’t that be stooping to her level?”
“Who cares, she deserves it,” he shot back at me. Emma and I exchanged glances as he creased his brows in thought. “You know what you should do?”
I chuckled, never having seen this side of him before. “What?” I asked.
“Dye her hair green or her skin blue. Hell, a little hair removal in her shampoo bottle would do her some good.”
Who knew he could be so vindictive, and utterly girlish? All that was missing from his suggestions was hair pulling. I raised an eyebrow instead of answering. He shrugged. “So I watch too many cheesy chick flicks, it’s your fault.”
Emma laughed at him then turned to me. “So Sarah, what are you going to do about Lucas’ book?”
Derrick glanced at her and answered for me. “What’s the big deal, just go up and tell him that you have it. He’s sitting right over there.” He gestured with his hand. I looked over to where he pointed. Lucas was sitting with Andy and Kyle two tables away. I hoped he hadn’t heard us talking about him. 
Emma was glaring at Derrick like he’d lost his mind. “She can’t just go over there, he won’t talk to her.” 
“What’s the big deal?” he asked again, shrugging his shoulders. 
“You are such a guy.” She tossed the crust from her bread down on the table. Emma was the only seventeen-year-old I knew who still didn’t eat the crust on her sandwich.
I decided to interrupt them. “Oh my God, it’s not a big deal, I’m going.” They could bicker back and forth for hours if I let them. I just wished they’d finally kiss and get it over with.
I stood up and headed over to where Lucas and his friends were sitting. I could feel Emma and Derrick’s gazes on my back. 
As I approached their table, Kyle and Andy smiled and nodded to me. Andy asked if I was finished with my homework for our chemistry class, and I said yes. While we were talking, Lucas never looked up from the paperback he was reading. “Lucas?” I couldn’t keep the slight tremble out of my voice. Nothing; he still didn’t look up. “Lucas!” I said a little louder.
Andy and Kyle just shrugged. “Dude!” Andy smacked Lucas’ shoulder.
He finally glanced up at me, his glasses falling forward a bit. He pushed them back then glared at me with his deep hazel eyes. He was quite good-looking when you were close enough to notice. He was tanned, and his long brown hair suited him, giving him a rugged look. He had a strong jaw, and a sprinkle of freckles along the bridge of his nose.
“What?” he said, interrupting my thoughts.
I was a little flustered at his annoyed expression. “Um…I don’t know if you know me? My name is Sarah” 
“I know who you are,” he interrupted. 
“Well, you dropped your book when I bumped into you this morning. I didn’t bring it with me, but if you want to meet me at my locker, I can give it to you.” 
He looked at me like I was speaking a different language. “Why don’t you just bring it with you to history next period, and give it to me there.” 
I was shocked. “You’re in my history class?” 
Now he looked even more annoyed. “I sit behind you in the back corner, and you probably didn’t notice me because you’re always talking to Emma.” 
I felt a twinge of guilt, but it was quickly replaced by irritation. Why would it matter to him if I always talked to Emma? To my knowledge, he didn’t even know I existed before today. “Fine, I’ll do that.” My voice was cold, but I didn’t care. 
I nodded to the other guys and walked back to our table. “You were right. I shouldn’t have gone over there. He’s weird.” I told them what happened. 
As I knew she would, Emma gloated with an “I told you so.” 






Chapter Two
Match Maker

Our history teacher was Mr. Henderson, but when we arrived, he wasn’t there. 
My desk was next to Emma’s, as Lucas pointed out. I set my books down and walked over to him. 
He was already there, just where he said he sat, in the back corner behind me, scrunched down in his chair with his book standing up on the desk, his head behind it. Since it was only the second week of school, it wasn’t that surprising I had never noticed him. “Are you hiding from someone?” I asked as I approached.
He looked up, his face blank. “Just reading. You’ve heard of it, haven’t you?”
“Nope, never,” I replied dryly. “Here’s your book.” I tossed it, smacking him in the shoulder; it fell onto his desk with a thud. I didn’t intend for the book to strike him. However, I wasn’t sorry that it had.
I was about to walk away when I heard him speak. “You don’t like me, do you?”
I spun around, extremely surprised that he had spoken. His lips were even curved upward into a slight smile. “I don’t know you. This is the most you have ever talked to me, and so far you’ve been kind of a jerk.” 
He didn’t change his expression. I guess he knew he was rude and didn’t care. “I’m not used to socializing, I like my privacy.” His smile grew wider. My mind went blank by his sudden uncharacteristic behaviour. “I guess I need some practice?” 
“Practice with what?” I asked dumbly. 
“With talking to people.” He slumped into his chair, arms folded in front of him, mischief shining in his eyes. “Maybe you can help me with that.” 
I stood in place, not able to speak or move. 
“Okay, people, get to your seats so we can learn something,” Mr. Henderson said as he walked in. He dropped his books on his desk with a loud thump. 
Saved by the annoying teacher, I gave Lucas a timid smile and hurried back to my desk. When class was dismissed, Lucas was the first to leave, so there were no more awkward words between us. 
As I stood up from my chair, Emma wrapped her hand around my arm and pulled me into the hall. “Talk,” she demanded as I opened my locker to trade my history for my chemistry book. The door hit another locker with a clang as I flung it open. “He actually had a conversation with you!” she whispered. “He never speaks to anyone. He even smiled.” The shock on her face made me smile. And if it was anyone other than Lucas, the school recluse, we wouldn’t have been so surprised.
“I know. I was as shocked as you are. I was the one who had trouble talking.” 
“What got into him?” She held her books closer to her chest.
“I have no idea.” I pulled my books out and slammed the door shut. 
“Was he nice? He’s so cute; he can’t be as bad as Logan.” 
“Well, he didn’t say that much, but as far as I could tell, he’s not much better.” 
She frowned. “Really? So you think being a jerk runs in their family?” 
“It must. But I’ve got to go. Bye!” I called over my shoulder as I rushed off to the chemistry lab. I didn’t want to be late for another class. 
I took my seat just in time. Mr. Holland was just handing out our assignments. “Okay, class, pick a partner. I want you to estimate the reactions of the three pairs of chemicals. Then when we’re finished, we’ll record the actual reactions.” 
I looked over at Jenny Carson, who usually partnered with me, but she smiled apologetically. Vicky Gray was leaning over her, already chosen to pair up. 
“Hey, Sarah, do you want to be partners? Nick is sick today, so if you don’t, I’ll have to work alone. You won’t do that to me, will you?” Andy asked, standing beside me, leaning his arm on my desk. 
“Sure, I’ll be your partner,” I said with relief, I didn’t want to work alone either.
He sat down at the empty seat Jenny had vacated. 
I began with estimating the reactions for the first pair. 
“I’m sorry about the way Lucas treated you today. He’s not usually so rude. Not that he has a chance to be. I’m sure you’ve noticed he’s a little antisocial.”
“Yeah, I’ve noticed.” I scribbled my estimation and then handed the paper to Andy for him to do the next one.
“He’s a really good guy, but he’s had some bad experiences. People aren’t always that friendly to him.” When I raised an eyebrow, he continued. “Just because he looks like Logan doesn’t mean he acts like him.” He wrote down his answer, tapping his finger on the desk. 
I was about to ask him what he meant, but Mr. Holland started asking questions about the results of our assignment. Andy handed me the paper, and I finished the last one. I tried to talk to him a few more times, but Mr. Holland seemed to notice before I opened my mouth, silencing me with a glare.

When I arrived home after school, I went up to my room where I spent most of my time. Mom and Dad let me redecorate recently, and I loved it. We painted the previously dark beige walls a nice cream color, and I added splashes of color with pictures that took me weeks to find. We put a small couch and TV at one end of the room, and my bed and dresser on the other. My desk, which held my computer, sat in the center under the window. 
I settled down on my bed and started my homework. There wasn’t much to do, only a one-page essay on our favorite poet. I chose Elizabeth Barrett Browning. 
I finished quickly, turned my stereo on, and lay back on my bed to listen to the music playing softly. My mind drifted to the two conversations I had with Lucas—well, if you could call them that. He wasn’t what you’d call chatty, but when we did talk, it felt…I don’t know…nice. No, that was the wrong word, it felt…right. What was I thinking? He was a total jerk and wouldn’t even speak to me at lunch. But there was something about his voice that sounded somewhat familiar. 
My thoughts were heading in an unwanted direction, so I turned up the music, and soon fell asleep. 
I woke up to someone gently shaking me. “Wake up, sleepyhead,” my dad said, smiling down at me. “Did you have a long day?” 
I smiled too. His brown hair was a bit disheveled, and his dark brown eyes, which looked so much like mine, looked tired. The gray suit he was wearing was wrinkled from the long drive, and he smelled of fruit-flavored gum. I was so happy to see him. He had been gone for a week on a business trip, selling his ideas for a new video game for a company here in Brownridge. 
 “No, just tired. How was your trip, did they like your ideas?” I asked, sitting up and leaning against my headboard. 
Disappointment flashed over his face. Oh no, I thought, until he smiled. “Of course they did. Did you really doubt your old man?” 
“Not really. Like Mom says, you’re an overgrown child who likes to play video games.” 
His smiled vanished as he pretended to be hurt. “Ha-ha. Come on, Mom’s got supper on the table.” 

The next day at lunch, my friends and I ate in the cafeteria. It was raining, so eating outside at the picnic tables was out. 
While Emma and Derrick saved me a seat, I waited in line for food, deciding what I wanted to eat. Everything looked good, but since the pizza smelled so delicious I couldn't resist. I took a piece off of the warming plate and waited for my turn to pay. I was about to step up to the cashier when someone slipped in front of me, and strong cologne burned my nostrils. I saw who it was and wasn’t surprised. “Excuse me, there’s a line!” I said to Logan. 
He glanced at me and smiled so sweetly that I guess I was supposed to say: “Oh it’s you; of course you can cut in front of me.” I don’t think so.
“I’ll be really quick. You don’t mind, right, sweetheart?” He actually winked at me as he leaned over to grab a slice of pizza. 
When he lifted it off of the tray, a sliver of his piece fell on my hand. The cheese was very hot. “Ow,” I snapped. Taking a napkin from the canister, I wiped away the gob of cheese and sauce. It left an orange stain on the back of my hand. “Yes, I mind, get back to the end of the line,” I growled. But of course he ignored me and paid for his lunch. The jerk had the nerve to turn around and smile at me. 
After I told my friends what happened, Emma asked, “Why did you let him get away with that?”
“What was I supposed to do? Cause a scene?” 
“Yes,” she said. “It would serve him right.” 
I glared at her. “And that would have embarrassed me,” I whispered, trying not to attract any more attention to myself than I already had. She shrugged her shoulders and continued to nibble on her sandwich. 
While I ate my pizza, I was lost in thought. What made people like Logan think they were so special they could get away with anything? His looks? He wasn’t the only one in the school that was attractive. Actually, Derrick was quite a hottie, with his tall, solid frame and sun-streaked sandy hair. His gray eyes were so pale they were almost haunting. A few girls would occasionally come over where we sat and talk to him. He was always nice but never dated any of them. 
He was so into Emma it was obvious, to me anyway. I could see why; Emma was one of the best people I knew. She was also one of the prettiest girls in our school. But the great part about her was that she didn’t know it. For some reason, she was self-conscious about her looks. She was always complaining about her height, which was five foot two, and having red hair was horrifying to her. She complained about it constantly. I loved the color of her hair; it was so vibrant, just like her personality. And her beautiful curls that flowed down to her back were the envy of most girls I knew. It was no wonder Derrick liked her so much. I wondered why he never did anything about it. Maybe he just needed a little shove in the right direction. 
“So guys,” I said, catching them off guard. 
Derrick’s mouth was stuffed full of sandwich. He looked like a squirrel saving for the winter. I narrowed my eyes at him, wondering why he had shoved so much into his mouth. 
Emma swallowed the cola she had just taken a drink of. They both turned their attention to me. 
“I’m working Friday night, so I can’t hang out, but why don’t you two come and see a movie? There’s a good thriller coming out this week.” 
For two people that had been friends as long as the two of them, it was funny to see them suddenly so nervous. Both of them were afraid to make eye contact with each other, and Emma’s face had turned a surprising shade of crimson. 
“Um, actually, I was going to hang out with Pete that night. But I could change my plans if you want to, Emma?” Derrick said, after he swallowed the large mound of bread. Pete was one of Derrick’s guy friends; he lived next door to him. He and another of Derrick’s friends, Cory, sat with us at lunch sometimes. 
Emma stared down into her food, hands on her lap. “Sure, sounds fun.” 
“Cool, I’ll pick you up at seven.” Derrick must have had a burst of confidence when she agreed, because now he smiled at her, trying to meet her eyes. No such luck, though; her tuna sandwich was apparently more interesting.
 “Great, it’s settled then,” I said before either of them could back out. The bell rang, signaling the end of lunch. Emma and I said goodbye to Derrick and headed to our lockers.

During history, I could feel Emma’s penetrating glare. “What?” I whispered innocently. Mr. Henderson was giving us a lecture on the Civil War, and I didn’t want him to hear us. He was pretty strict, often giving out detentions just for talking in class.
“You know what. What was that about? Telling us to go to the movies together, just the two of us, it sounds like a date. He’s even picking me up.” She had her textbook sitting up on her desk and was leaning behind it so the teacher wouldn’t see or hear her.
I looked down at my book and whispered, “Well, it’s about time. Someone had to make the first move. I guess it had to be me.” 
“Do you think I like Derrick?” she whispered, looking surprised.
“I know you do, and you’re not alone either.” 
Her mouth flew open, and she sat up in her chair, knocking her book down with a loud smack. All eyes in the room turned to her. I braced myself for one of Mr. Henderson’s famous punishments, but he just gave Emma an icy glare to silence her. That was close. He didn’t usually let people get away with anything, so he must have been in a good mood, a rarity for him.
While I was paying attention to the lesson, I glanced back to see if Lucas was in class today. I hadn’t noticed him. He was there in his seat, listening to Mr. Henderson. He looked at me and smiled. I whirled around, still unsure why he was suddenly acknowledging me. 
On the way to my next class, Emma hounded me with questions. 
“Emma, I have to get to chemistry. I’ll call you after work tonight around nine.”
“Fine, but don’t forget. If you don’t call me by nine thirty, I’m calling you,” I heard her yell as I rushed down the hall. 
I made it just in time. Taking my seat, I looked around for Andy. He was sitting on the other side of the class. Since I had handed in our work yesterday, we wouldn’t be pairing up today. I was a little disappointed. I wanted him to explain what he meant about Lucas and Logan. But I guessed it would remain a mystery since he was sitting three rows over. 

Work was so busy that my feet were killing me. Tuesday nights were cheap nights, and we were always packed.
When I got home, I was so tired I practically crawled into bed. My feet and legs ached from standing for hours. The soft mattress and warm blankets made me feel like I was wrapped inside a warm, soft cocoon. “Ahh,” I sighed as I snuggled into a comfortable position. The fresh smell of laundry soap on my sheets made it even more comforting.
I dialed Emma’s number. “Hello,” she answered. 
“Hi, I really can’t talk long, work was busy. I’m so exhausted I might fall asleep talking to you. What do you want to know?” 
“Are you serious, what do you think I want to know? Why do you think he likes me? And why do you think I like him?” Her voice was about two octaves higher than normal. 
I was really enjoying this. I should have done something about these two a long time ago. “Are you saying you don’t? What’s that?” I asked. There was a distant pounding coming from her end. 
“Just my sister, she wants the phone. Anyway, I’m not saying that, but why do you think so? Am I that obvious?” 
She was really stressing over this. “Look, I’m going to be honest here, even though I would love to string you along because I’m really having fun. I’m tired, though, so I’ll tell you that it is obvious, only to me, that you like each other. I have noticed it for a while, but it wasn’t my business.” The pounding got louder, and now was mixed with yelling.
There was a muffled scratching sound, and then nothing. “Hannah, if you don’t stop, I’m telling Mom and Dad when they get home!” Emma yelled from a distance. I heard footsteps and then the muffled sound again. “Sorry, my annoying sister is driving me nuts. Where were we? Right.” She answered her own question. “So what’s changed, why butt in now?” 
It was hard to focus on our conversation with all the interruptions. I had to remember my train of thought. “Because honestly, I think you would be great together and I want you to be happy.” 
There was silence on the other end of the phone, from Emma and from Hannah, who must have given up. Then I heard her sigh. “Do you really think he likes me that way?” 
I smiled; I had her. I could go to sleep soon. “Yes, I do.” 
I heard a little squeal on the other end. “Thank you for butting in.” 
“My pleasure, I’m hanging up now, I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
Even though I was very tired, I didn’t sleep well. I tossed and turned so much, I woke to find my blanket and sheet on the floor. I was curled up in a fetal position trying to keep warm. I didn’t know if I had a dream or not, but when I woke up, I could only remember a face…Logan’s. 
About the Author


Christina Smith grew up in Kingston Ontario, Canada and after getting married, moved to a small rural town in the country. She lives there with her husband, Brad, two kids, Josh and Megan and their dog, Bailey. Even though the house is peaceful, surrounded by nature and the occasional deer, she’s still a city girl at heart. She misses civilization and visits with her mother and two sisters.

She spends a lot of free time writing and has numerous ideas for future novels for both young adult and adult fiction. 

Catch up with Christina for more information about her books on:

Twitter @CSmithbooks

Facebook- https://www.facebook.com/christina.smith.7161953 or Christina Smith-Author


Christina’s website: www.christinasmithbooks.com










