Snow Angels
C. Metzinger

Published by C. Metzinger at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 C. Metzinger


Other titles by C. Metzinger:
Playing to Win

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


Table of Contents

Chapter 1: Let it Snow!
Chapter 2: Hitting the Slopes
Chapter 3: The Plan 
Chapter 4: Fun at the Rink
Chapter 5: Surprise Attack
Chapter 6: Counting Miracles
Chapter 7: A Familiar Face
Chapter 8: No Escape
Chapter 9: Kidnapped!
Chapter 10: The Getaway
Epilogue


Chapter 1: Let it Snow!

"Your dad has got to be the coolest dad in the world!" declared Cindy Ferra.
"I know," Kelly Carlson agreed, smiling proudly.
The tall, slender girl with an athletic build and a stylish short haircut exclaimed, "It says here in this brochure that all meals and room service are included, and that this is a five-star hotel! Do you know what that means?"
"Jan, Kelly's family is in the hotel business, of course she knows what it means!" Cindy replied.
Kelly stared at the brochure in her hands. The cover pictured a pair of skiers traversing the powdery slopes of Longview Mountain. Inside were colorful photos of the elegant but rustic lodge-style rooms at the White Pines Resort in Vermont.
Kelly had received the travel package on her 19th birthday three months ago. It was a complete all-inclusive vacation for three people to stay three nights at the exclusive ski resort. Her father, Bill Carlson, had made all the arrangements with the permission of Cindy's and Jan's parents. He knew that Kelly would enjoy the trip more if she could bring her two best friends, and he didn't want her to go alone.
Kelly and her father were very close, especially since her mother died almost two years ago of a long-term illness. Last Christmas had been difficult as their first Christmas without her. They managed to get through the holiday that was anything but merry for Kelly, her father, and her brother Brian. Brian was five years older than she, and lived in Boston. Kelly's father hoped that giving Kelly a trip along with her two best friends would relieve some of the anxiety they both felt about facing Christmas this year.
Reading from the brochure, Cindy said, "Listen to this: ‘the quaint village of River Bend offers exclusive shopping at some of the most unique and stylish boutiques in Vermont.’ We definitely have to check that out!"
"Who wants to shop when we have unlimited skiing?" cried Jan.
"I do!" Cindy replied adamantly.
"Let's not argue about it," Kelly suggested, "I'm sure we'll have enough time to ski and shop. Dad said that the resort also has a huge ice-skating rink, so don't forget to bring your skates."
"Skates, skis, boots, poles, luggage…There won't be room for anyone else on the train!" Cindy exclaimed.
"We'll make room," said Jan, "Even if we have to throw off a passenger or two. I can't wait to go shushing down those slopes!"
"Shushing? What's shushing?" asked Cindy, "I can barely manage to snowplow."
Kelly's dog looked up at her and barked. Kelly laughed.
"Sorry, Daisy, honey, you'll have to stay home with Dad. But he'll bring you to New York with him while Bailey stays here with the whole house to himself."
"You leave the cat here alone?" asked Jan.
"We have a neighbor who will check on him each day and feed him. But my grandparents have a beagle who hates cats, so Bailey has to stay home when we go to visit them."
Kelly was startled by the time on the wall clock.
"Ooh! Look at the time! I have to go to choir practice!"
Daisy jumped down from the sofa and followed Kelly.
The girls headed for the front door as they pulled on their jackets and scarves.
"I'll call you tomorrow," Cindy told Kelly, "I still haven't figured out what wardrobe to bring."
Jan suggested, "Just bring everything, Cindy. We can reserve an entire freight car just for your stuff!"
Kelly laughed and waved goodbye as they drove off. She was really looking forward to spending a long weekend with her two best friends. They had been friends for years, and always managed to have a great time together and plenty of adventure whenever they traveled. Now that she was on a school break between semesters, she hoped to spend more time with them.



                        Jan, Kelly and Cindy talk about their ski trip to White Pines Resort.

Kelly ran upstairs to her bathroom and refreshed her make-up and hair. She hurried back downstairs, and after grabbing her jacket and scarf, went into the den where her father was sitting at his desk.
"Hi, Dad," she greeted, kissing his cheek, and then pulling on her jacket.
"Oh, hi, honey," he replied. "Where are you off to?"
"Choir practice."
Mr. Carlson nodded and looked at his watch.
"Oh my, I didn't realize it was nearly seven already."
"How's the sermon coming?" asked Kelly.
"I seem to be having writer's block. I can't seem to come up with the next paragraph."
Kelly wound her scarf around her neck and said, "Well, you always tell me that when I hit a brick wall I should pray about it and then sleep on it."
He grinned and nodded, "Yes, you're right. That's what I'll do. Have fun at choir practice."
Kelly drove to St. Mark's church where her father was the minister. She loved sitting in a pew on Sundays and listening to his sermons. They were always inspiring and encouraging.
Her father, Bill Carlson, hadn't always been a minister of a church. When he was younger, he was a vice president of Carlson Hotels, a large corporation of hotel chains all over the world. His father, Richard Carlson, had expected all three of his children to become the next generation of managers for the family business. But his oldest son, Bill, had felt a pull to do something more meaningful with his life. He left the family business when Kelly was three so he could spend more time with his own family and pursue his goal. After studying at the seminary, he became the pastor of St. Mark's Church over 15 years ago and never regretted leaving the hotel business. He was still somewhat wealthy because of all the stock he owned in the Carlson business, but they lived on his modest salary in an upscale middle-class home in Westfield, New Hampshire.
At the church, the choir director, Mr. Jackson, began rehearsing the choir with warm-up exercises. He instructed them to take out their sheet music for Handel’s Messiah and they began to rehearse. Soon, he stopped them to correct the alto section.
"That entire segment must be forte, altos! Let's try it again!"
Mr. Jackson was a thin man with glasses and a balding head. He raised his arms and told the organist where to begin playing.
Kelly had rehearsed her part during the week, so she knew it by heart. She loved music and had ambitions of someday being a music director at a church…perhaps even at St. Mark's. Singing and playing piano were two of her favorite things to do. She also loved art, which had made choosing a college major difficult. She planned to spend an extra year getting two Bachelor's degrees in art and music at Westfield University where she attended classes.
Mr. Jackson scowled in appraisal of the choir’s performance. He had ambitiously chosen Handel’s' Messiah as their feature piece for Christmas, but was obviously having second thoughts. But by the time rehearsal ended, their performance was much improved.
Kelly drove back home after choir practice through gently falling snow. Christmas was only two weeks away, and it looked as if there would be plenty of snow on Christmas Day. Although she missed her mom, she had many great memories of Christmas Day with her mom and her family, and she still felt a tingle of excitement when the holiday approached.
Kelly pulled into the driveway and parked her car in the garage. Entering the house through the kitchen door, Daisy greeted her, jumping up and down excitedly. Kelly rubbed the dog’s head affectionately, and then went to the den and told her dad about choir practice. She said she was going up to her room to get ready for bed. Her father asked her to sit down for a minute.
"Kelly, I want to talk with you about your trip on Thursday. I'm confident that you can take care of yourself. I wouldn't have given you the trip if I didn't think so. But there is safety in numbers, so I want your promise that you'll stay with your friends at all times."
Kelly nodded, "Of course I will, Dad."
"And one other thing," he continued, "When you return to your hotel room at the end of the day, I want you to call me... no matter how late it is….because I won't sleep a wink until you do."
She chuckled, "Okay, Dad. I'll call you. Promise!"
He nodded satisfactorily. She put her arms around his neck and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
"Goodnight!" she said and went up to her room.
Posters of her favorite rock groups decorated the walls, and on her bedroom mirror was a photo of her boyfriend, Keith. They had dated since their junior year at high school. Although they were going steady, they both vowed to finish college before taking their relationship to the next level. Keith was an engineering student at Westfield University, and they usually dated on weekends along with Jan and Cindy's dates, Jim and Dave, who were both crazy and lots of fun. Keith was on the Westfield University ice hockey team, the Falcons, and some weekends they all went to cheer for him and the team.
As she lay in bed that night, she couldn't sleep. All she could think about was the forthcoming trip on Thursday morning. After spending three days at the ski resort, Jan and Cindy would take the train back to Westfield, and Kelly would take the train to New York City. Her father would meet her at Grand Central station and together they would visit with her grandparents until December 23. 
She recalled last year when she visited Rockefeller Center and went ice skating. She remembered the beautifully decorated storefront windows and the busy shopping crowds. She loved staying at the plush and spacious apartment where her grandparents lived in the penthouse at Carlson Towers in downtown Manhattan near Central Park. It was going to be a great Christmas!

Chapter 2: Hitting the Slopes

The next morning, Kelly had breakfast and then practiced piano for two hours. She knew that in order to improve, she had to be diligent about practicing. She decided to take her sheet music and try to arrange for access to a piano while she was at White Pines Resort. Even one hour’s practice a day was better than nothing.
The phone rang and it was Keith. They chatted for a while and agreed to meet at St. Mark's Church in half an hour to help with the annual Christmas food boxes. Each Christmas and several other times during the year, the members of St. Mark’s Church donated food to be distributed to the needy.
When Kelly arrived at the church, she saw Keith waiting in the parking lot. They kissed and he squeezed her hand. She smiled back warmly.
Inside the main building, they waved at her dad, who was in his office talking on the phone. From the hallway, they could hear voices coming from the social hall.
Fellow church members greeted them with smiles and thanked them for coming to help pack boxes of food for the needy.
"We wouldn't miss this for anything," Kelly told them. "What can we do?"
"Here are the boxes. Just fill them up with each of the food items we have on the tables."
Kelly and Keith continued filling boxes and talking with friends until all the food was packed. Next, they each took five names and addresses from a list of people who needed food. They helped each other load the boxes into their vehicles and then set out on their deliveries.
Kelly and Keith soon learned that they had to knock loudly on the doors of the elderly people they visited. Some were hard of hearing, but all of them were extremely appreciative of the food they received.
"My Social Security check won't come in until the end of the month, and I was wondering what I would do until then. Thank the Lord you brought me this!" one elderly woman declared. Another elderly man was in a wheelchair and unable to go out alone to the store. Everyone Kelly and Keith visited was very grateful and thankful for the gifts of food. When they entered their homes they realized how needy the people were and how important the food donations were to them.
After Keith and Kelly delivered the last box, they cried, “Merry Christmas” and drove away.
“What about having lunch with me at home?” Kelly asked. Keith accepted her invitation.  Back at home, Kelly made sandwiches and soup, and then they talked about her upcoming trip as they ate.
"If I didn’t have a hockey game this weekend, I would be able to go with you," Keith said wistfully. "Promise me you'll call me," he said.
"Of course I'll call, but it may be in the evening. We'll be out skiing and doing other stuff every day."
Keith shook his head, "It sure sounds like fun."
"Maybe next time you can come with us. But remember that we'll be going on a college ski club trip in January."
He nodded, “Yeah, I’ve already signed up to go, and I can’t wait. Well, I have to go to hockey practice. I’ll see you when you get back from your trip. Have fun, but remember: you’re my girl!”
She smiled and gave him a kiss.
“Don’t worry,” she assured him, “I won’t forget!”

That afternoon Kelly was busy packing for her trip between phone calls from Cindy and Jan. Cindy asked whether she should bring her blue ski jacket or her white one, and whether her knee-high boots would be warm enough. Jan called once asking if they could bring their bathing suits to swim in the hotel’s heated indoor pool. Kelly assured them that they could bring as much as they wanted to carry. Each day the girls’ excitement intensified in anticipation of their departure.

Finally, Thursday morning arrived, and Kelly's father drove the girls to the train station. He waved to the girls as they waved goodbye from their window. 
The train departed slowly. Soon it picked up speed on its three-hour journey to River Bend, Vermont. The girls sat and talked about their plans as the snowy scenery whizzed past the window. 

At River Bend, the girls got off the train. They collected their luggage and loaded it into the hotel van that was waiting to take them to White Pines Resort. They drove through the quaint and picturesque village of River Bend, and beyond into the pine-covered snowy mountains. The road snaked through the mountain passes, steadily climbing upward.
At last the van pulled into a snowy, winding driveway to the lodge. They watched anxiously out of their windows for their first glance. At first they spotted skiers and snowboarders skimming down the trails, and then they saw the lodge. The girls gasped as it came into view.
"Wow!”
“Look at it!" 
"It's beautiful!"
They all craned their necks to see the four-story stone and timber lodge nestled among tall, snow-covered pines. Massive stone timber pillars flanked each side of the grand entrance. Bell boys in red ski jackets and tan cowboy hats began opening the doors for the girls as soon as the van came to a stop.
"Welcome to White Pines Resort!" one young man smiled, "We'll take care of your luggage for you, ladies. Just go straight inside to the registration desk."
Kelly tipped the van driver and followed the girls inside. When they entered the lodge, they were awestruck by the enormous five-story lobby.  Huge thick timbers served as supports for each floor, and giant chandeliers made of deer and caribou antlers hung from the high ceiling. An oversized stone fireplace with brightly burning logs stood at the far end of the lobby, filling the room with a warm, spicy aroma.
Kelly gave her name to the front desk clerk and he smiled back at her.
"We've been expecting you and your party, Miss Carlson. We hope you enjoy your stay with us. We've reserved a special suite for you on the top floor. It has a beautiful view of the mountain. I think you'll find it quite satisfactory."
"I'm sure we will," Kelly replied.
"Of course, your stay includes all meals, including room service. We are also offering each of you our full spa and salon services at no charge."
Jan responded enthusiastically, "Oh! That sounds wonderful!" 
The bellboys had already loaded their luggage onto a rack and rolled it to the elevator as the girls followed. They led the girls to their hotel suite on the top floor and opened the room for them.
The girls “oohed” and “ahhed” when they entered their suite. It had a living room, a small kitchenette, a fireplace on one wall, two bathrooms, and two bedrooms with two double beds in each one. It was richly decorated with cranberry plaid curtains and dark green rugs.
"Does the fireplace really work?" asked Cindy.
The bellboy picked up a remote control, and with the push of the button, started the gas fireplace.
"Wow, that’s so cool!" she replied.
Kelly opened the drapes and gasped at the beautiful view. Their room overlooked the mountain side where they could watch the skiers zig-zagging their way down trails bordered by snowy pines.
After tipping the bellboys, they began to unpack.
The girls decided to have lunch before going skiing, so they considered several of the hotel’s many restaurants before choosing the family-style café.
The café was located on the terrace, facing the mountain. It was filled with tables full of people. Busy waiters and waitresses navigated expertly between tables, delivering food. The girls were taken to a table next to the large windows facing the mountain. Soon their waitress came to take their orders and bring drinks. They chatted about the skiers on the mountain and how much they wanted to join them.
“I can’t wait to get up there!” Jan exclaimed as the waitress set a salad down before her.
Cindy spread mustard on her sandwich as she said, “I sure hope I can remember how to ski when I get up there. It’s been a whole year since I last skied!”
“It’s like riding a bike,” Kelly assured her, “Once you learn how to do it, you don’t forget it.”
“I’m not so sure,” Cindy replied, “I learned how to do algebra in tenth grade and I couldn’t do it now even if my life depended on it!”
After lunch, they changed into their ski outfits and picked up their ski equipment and lift passes. Soon, they were riding on a chair lift up the mountain side. They all agreed to ski the easiest trails first.
Skiing in a single line, the girls traversed their way down the mountain. White powder sprayed upward with each turn as they gained speed. Soon they were at the foot of the mountain, kicking snow upward as they slid to a stop.
“That was amazing!” cried Jan, “Let’s try another trail this time!”
The girls agreed and rode back up the mountain for another run.


Back at the hotel, a red-headed bus boy was clearing tables in the restaurant where the girls had lunch earlier. A black-haired man in his thirties wearing a black leather coat approached the bus boy.
"So, what do you have for me?" he asked the bus boy.
The red-headed young man looked around to see if anyone was listening.
"I just heard that we have a celebrity staying here. Kelly Carlson. She's the daughter of one of the Carlson Hotels guys."
"No kiddin'!" the dark-haired man said, “This may be our golden opportunity to make some real money.”
"But she has two other girls with her," added the red-headed young man.
"The more the merrier," the older man said. "I'll find out their room number. I'll meet you after your shift."
The bus boy looked away without replying as the other left.

Chapter 3: The Plan 

Kelly, Jan, and Cindy each slid to a stop, sending a spray of white crystals into the air. They had made several runs down the mountain, trying different trails on each trip down.
"Let's get something hot to drink," Cindy said, "I need to warm up. My hands are freezing!"
The other two agreed and they set their skis on a rack outside the casual dining hall called Trails’ End. Inside were two large fireplaces, and numerous wooden tables and chairs. They found a table close to a window where they could watch the skiers. Soon they were drinking hot chocolate and munching on snacks.
"Do you think we'll meet any cute boys here?" Cindy asked the others.
"Oh, you mean like the bellboys? I saw you checking them out," Jan teased.
"Well, I wouldn't mind meeting them," Cindy admitted, "Too bad our boyfriends couldn't come."
“Well, there are plenty of guys to choose from here,” Jan pointed out. She leaned close to Cindy and said quietly,
“Like that guy over there in the red and black plaid hat. He’s been looking at you, Cindy. I think he’s just your type. Why don’t you go over and ask him to join us?”
Cindy’s eyes widened with excitement, as she asked, “Where? I don’t see him.”
“Right there!” Jan pointed.
Cindy’s jaw dropped.
“That old geezer? He’s old enough to be my father and twice as fat!”
“I think he likes you, Cindy! Older men can be really interesting,” Jan said.
“If you think he’s so interesting, you go over and talk to him!”
Kelly and Jan laughed while Cindy shook her head.
“You guys are always teasing me!” she quipped.
“Yeah, because it’s so much fun!” Jan replied.
Cindy joined in the fun and giggled.

After a short rest, the girls returned to the slopes and skied until the sun dipped below the horizon, casting a pale orange glow across the sky.
They finally decided to stop for the day, and dropped their ski equipment off at the storage hut. Then the girls returned to their suite and changed clothes, fixed their hair, and rested until dinner. They each phoned their boyfriends to tell them about their fabulous suite and the great skiing. The boys were more than slightly jealous. 
The girls decided to have dinner at The Whitewater Steak House, and took the elevator up to the terrace on the second floor where the restaurant was located. 

Meanwhile, the red-headed bus boy was just clocking out of work when he spotted the dark-haired man waiting for him outside on the loading dock. He joined his friend and lit a cigarette. The other man, Sam, spoke.
"I found out the room number for the Carlson girl," he said, looking around to make sure they were alone. 
"She's definitely connected to the Carlson Hotel family. I spoke to the desk clerk and she told me the family is worth millions. I think we can do better than a few bags of jewelry and cash from her room."
The redheaded busboy, named Steve pulled, on his cigarette, asking, "What do you mean?"
Sam smiled. "How much do you think daddy Carlson would be willing to pay for the safe return of his daughter?"
Steve froze. He asked, "You mean, kidnap her?"
Sam gazed around before answering.
"It'll be easy. We just follow her until she's alone and then snatch her. We can keep her safely tucked away until her old man pays up, and then leave her somewhere. By the time they find her, we'll be long gone."
"I don't know, Sam. Kidnapping is a federal offense. You can get life if something goes wrong."
"What can go wrong? We aren't gonna harm the kid, just keep her tied up for a couple of days."
"Yeah, but where?"
"I know just the place," Sam said confidently. Steve looked worried.
"Think about it, Steve. She's worth four million at least. That's two for each of us. No more petty larceny. We can both retire in Mexico and live a life of ease. It'll be a piece of cake. Besides, I’m the one who decides what we do, remember? If you give me a hard time, you know what I'll do. I’ll see that your boss finds out that I caught you stealing. Once word gets out that you're a thief, you’ll never find another job."
Angrily, Steve threw his cigarette butt on the ground and went back inside.

Kelly was just finishing the last bite of her chocolate-frosted, Red Velvet Cake. She put down the fork and sighed.
"I am so stuffed!"
"Me, too," Jan agreed.
"Are you going to finish that?" Cindy asked pointing to Jan's Black Forest Torte.
"No. Help yourself."
Cindy slid the plate over and dived in with her fork. Jan and Kelly smiled at each other. They were used to Cindy's endless appetite. She could eat more than the other two girls put together. Her waistline was not as trim as it could be, but she still had a pretty face with large brown eyes and dark, wavy hair.
Cindy remarked, "I never knew skiing would give me such an appetite!"
Jan replied, “Everything gives you an appetite!”
Cindy scowled at her, but ate another forkful of dessert.
Jan giggled quietly behind her hand and Kelly smiled. Although Cindy’s appetite was always impressive, she was still a very special friend to both of them.
After dinner, the girls strolled around the first two floors of the hotel, browsing through the exclusive boutiques and peeking into the restaurants. Each restaurant had a different theme and menu, and they all agreed to try each one during their trip. Finally, they retired to their suite and Kelly gave her father a phone call to tell him about her day. She also made one more phone call to Keith before going to sleep. He confessed that he missed her already, and wished he could join her on the slopes.

In the lounge on the first floor, Sam and Steve were having a drink together. Sam told him, "We’ll wait and watch. We’ll figure out their routines and decide when the best time would be to grab the Carlson girl. We have to do it where nobody can see us."
"They're checking out on Sunday," Steve said.
"That gives us plenty of time. If they come into your restaurant for breakfast, try to listen in on their plans. I'll follow them wherever they go. If I see an opportunity to grab her, I'll call you. In the meantime, get two rolls of duct tape and a bandana. That will keep her quiet until we can move her."
Steve asked nervously, "But where will we keep her?"
"We'll take her to one of the empty cabins on the other side of Longview Mountain. I'll break in and get the place ready tomorrow."
Steve nodded, but he still looked worried. Sam grinned and shook his head.
"Relax, will ya? We can do this. I have it all figured out. Trust me!”
Steve gave an uncertain nod.

At breakfast, the girls ordered their meals and then enjoyed coffee while waiting for their food.
"We'll skate for a couple of hours and then go to the village to have lunch and to shop, okay?" Cindy asked.
Jan and Kelly nodded, "Yeah, unless you want to come back early and ski for a couple of hours after shopping," Kelly suggested.
"Let's just play it by ear and see how we feel when we come back here," Jan suggested.
The girls sipped hot coffee as Steve, the bus boy, cleared the table next to them. Cindy turned to Kelly with widened eyes.
"Kelly, you must promise me that when you go to New York City, if you see one of the Harris Brothers, especially Paul, you've got to get an autograph! I just love their music!"
Kelly grinned, "I don't think they'll be in New York for Christmas, Cindy. They're probably going to be home in London with their families."
"Or maybe down in Miami where it's sunny and warm," Jan said.
Suddenly, there was a loud crash as dishes fell on a nearby table. The Steve’s face turned as red as his hair.
"Sorry," he apologized, and his eyes met Kelly's. She smiled back at him, saying,
"That's okay."
Steve began picking up glass fragments. He swept up the area to make sure it was clean, and then took his plastic bin full of dirty dishes back to the kitchen.
He couldn't get Kelly's face out of his mind. Her kind smile and lovely eyes made him feel guilty knowing she would be kidnapped from her friends and tied up in a cold, lonely cabin. He wondered if he and Sam could actually pull off a kidnapping without getting caught. Sam was tough and sure of himself, but Steve wasn't as confident. What if something went wrong? What if they got caught or someone saw him taking the girl? His hands began to shake and his heart beat faster.
Back in October, Sam had caught Steve stealing from a purse someone had left on a table. Steve had taken five dollars to buy gas for his car so he could get to work the next day. Instead of turning him in to the manager, Sam blackmailed Steve into helping him identify guests who would be good targets for stealing a little cash or jewelry from their rooms. Sam waited until the guests were out at dinner or out skiing for the day, and then broke into their rooms using a master key that Steve had taken from the housekeeping department. 
Sometimes the robberies weren't discovered for several days. Since October, Sam had robbed over twenty guests. Steve wished he had never met Sam, but if he hadn't agreed to help him, Sam would report him to the management, and he’d lose his job. Taking money was bad enough, but kidnapping was a whole different ball game—one Steve wasn't sure he could play.

Chapter 4: Fun at the Rink

After breakfast, the girls rode in the hotel van to the village of River Bend. It had a colorful Main Street, all decorated for Christmas. They found themselves standing on the snow-covered walk of a quaint New England town. Most of the older buildings were red brick with black shutters layered in snow. The newer houses were white shingled cottages with colorful shutters sporting bright, shiny garlands and wreaths. Most had been converted to stores or offices. 
Snowflakes drifted down gently and somewhere a brass band played, "The First Noel". A twenty-five foot Christmas tree with lights and decorations stood in the square at the end of Main Street with a small Nativity scene next to the tree. Each lamp post was decorated with green holly garlands and large red bows. A red-suited Santa stood in front of the local bank ringing a bell and calling out, “Merry Christmas!” to passers-by.
The first store they went into was a gift shop, gaily decorated in red bows and silver garlands. Christmas carols played softly and the girls looked eagerly through the unique gifts and jewelry. They next went into a clothing boutique where they each tried on some new outfits and bought them. After shopping next at a kitchen and cookware where Cindy browsed through cookbooks, they visited a ski shop, and then decided to find a restaurant for lunch.
From across the street Cindy spotted a large bow window with rows of frosted panes. A large sign in the shape of a cup and saucer hung over the door with “The Literary Café” painted across the cup
"There's a place! Let's try it!" Cindy said enthusiastically. They waited for traffic to go by and then hurried across the road toting their bundles. A sudden gust of wind sent snow spraying into their faces. They hurried inside and found a table against the wall.
It was warm and comforting diner with a long lunch counter along one wall. Dark wood tables and chairs filled the center of the room and racks of magazines, books, and newspapers filled the back wall. The small diner had the atmosphere of an old town library, with menus resembling books. Patrons helped themselves to newspapers as they sat and drank coffee or had lunch.
After the girls ordered soup and sandwiches, the waitress brought hot tea and cocoa in two large pots to the table. All three chose to drink the cocoa.
"That seems to be our most popular drink today," the smiling waitress remarked.
“I love that gift shop that we went to first,” Kelly remarked, “I could really spend a lot of money there if that store were in Westfield.”
“Me, too!” Cindy agreed, “Except then I’d have to work more hours to pay for all my stuff. You, on the other hand, don’t have that problem.”
“What do you mean?” Kelly asked, “I work. I do all the housework and laundry at home and take care of our pets. For that, I get paid. Dad is grateful for the help because I’m cheaper than a maid, and I’m grateful for a steady job that I can do at home at my own pace. It works out perfectly for both of us!”
“You’re lucky!” Cindy whined, “I have to stand on my feet all day and cook.”
Jan interjected, “I thought you liked being a chef at your Aunt’s restaurant!”
“I do!” Cindy replied, “But it’s still hard work! When I get home from work, I’m pooped!”
“Well, it can’t be any worse than working at your father’s car dealership trying to sell used cars!” Jan retorted, making a face.
Kelly said, “But it’s only temporary until you finish your degree in criminal justice, Jan. After you graduate, you’ll be working as a police officer, and someday a detective! That should be exciting!”
Jan shrugged and admitted that her present circumstances wouldn’t last forever. Like Kelly, she wanted to further her education so she could have a great career.
After lunch, the girls had just enough time to make it back to the spot where the hotel van would pick them up. Within ten minutes, the hotel van appeared to drive them back.

First, the girls changed clothes, and then went down to the lobby carrying their skates. At the front desk, Kelly inquired if there were a piano that she could use for practicing. The manager came out to speak to her and told her she could use the one in the lounge of the Whitewater Restaurant if she practiced before eleven a.m. when it opened. Kelly made arrangements to meet the hotel security guard in front of the restaurant at seven-thirty the next morning.
The girls walked to the indoor ice rink. They were surprised to find the rink was very large. Christmas music played and skaters glided around happily. Soon all three girls were on the ice. Jan was the most accomplished skater. She liked to twirl and do jumps like professional skaters. Kelly was not as accomplished, but she followed Jan’s advice and tried to improve. Cindy was a little unsteady on skates, but tried her best to keep up.
"Once I get going, I'll be okay," Cindy assured her friends, “You two go skate together. I'll join you in a little while.”
Jan and Kelly asked, “Are you sure?”
“Yeah, go ahead!” Cindy waved her hand and took a few steps, saying, “At the rate I skate, it'll take me an hour just to get once around this rink!”
The two girls nodded and waved to her as they left. Cindy skated a little farther ahead, holding her arms out for balance. She was just beginning to get some confidence when suddenly, someone skated fast past her. She was frightened and swerved, losing her balance. Down she went, landing on her knees.
Jan was busy showing Kelly how to get speed on a twirl and hadn't seen Cindy's fall. Kelly glanced over at Cindy and saw her friend sprawled on the ice.
 Kelly and Jan hurried back toward Cindy. But before they reached her, a dark-haired young man skated over and helped Cindy to get back up on her feet.
"Oh, I'm really sorry, Miss! I didn't mean to scare you like that," he apologized.
At first, Cindy was mad that he had made her fall, but then she got a look at him and decided he was rather good-looking.
"Oh, that's okay," she assured him, "I'm just an inexperienced skater."
"Are you hurt?" he asked. His eyes showed genuine concern.
"Oh, no! Not really," she smiled, "I'm used to falling. I never get hurt. I have plenty of padding!” she laughed.
Kelly and Jan had arrived, asking, "Are you okay, Cindy?"
"I'm fine! Fortunately, this guy came along and helped me up."
The two girls looked at him and smiled.



"Hi, I'm Sam," he said, holding out his hand to Cindy.


"Hi, I'm Sam," he said, holding out his hand to Cindy. She shook it and then he shook hands with Kelly and Jan. He again apologized for causing Cindy to fall. When she repeated that it wasn't his fault, Sam offered to help her.
"If you'll hold onto my arm as we skate, that will help you keep your balance. Come on, let's try," he said.
Kelly and Jan watched as Sam held out his arm to Cindy. She took hold of it and began to skate slowly at his side.
"Oh, yeah, this is much easier!" she said.
"Good! We'll just go easy for a while," said Sam.
Jan and Kelly smiled to each other and followed Sam and Cindy around the rink. Cindy looked over her shoulder and raised her eyebrows twice at her friends. They both got the message and laughed at her antics. Since Cindy was enjoying herself, they both skated off on their own.
After half an hour, Kelly joined Jan at the side of the rink.
"That was a great twirl," Kelly told her.
"It does take some practice," Jan replied, and then pointed to Cindy and Sam as they skated along together.
"What do you think of Cindy's new friend?" she asked.
Kelly smiled, "He seems nice. Cindy certainly enjoys his help."
"She'd better not tell Dave about him. He might get jealous."
Kelly laughed, "I can't imagine Dave mad about anything. He'd probably just shrug it off."
"You never know," Jan replied.
They skated for another hour and then Kelly and Jan decided to go back to their room, and told Cindy of their plans. Cindy also wanted to take a rest, so Sam said ‘goodbye’ and skated off on his own.
On the way back to their room, the girls talked about Sam.
"So what's the scoop, Cindy? Who is this guy?"
"Oh, just some guy who's staying at the hotel. He seemed pretty nice, didn't he?
"I think he likes you," Jan suggested.
"Oh, I doubt that!" Cindy said, waving her hand.
"He did make the first move, didn't he?" asked Jan.
"Yeah--by almost knocking me down!"
"But he did come back and apologized, and he skated with you for the past hour or so."
"Yeah, that's true. And he is kinda cute! But I doubt I’ll see him again.”
Kelly suggested, "Maybe we'll see him around and he'll ask for your phone number."
"Oh, I doubt that!" Cindy repeated, "He's just some guy who skated with me, that's all."
Jan shook her head, "You never know. Did I ever tell you how my mom met my dad when she was playing tennis one day?"
Cindy rolled her eyes, "Please! Don't make it more than it is! Besides, I already have a boyfriend, remember? Dave."
"So who says you can't have two? A Westfield boyfriend and a River Bend boyfriend?" asked Jan.
"No Way!” Cindy cried, "Managing one boyfriend is hard enough!"
Kelly and Jan just laughed.

Chapter 5: Surprise Attack

That evening, the girls attended a special holiday dinner dance in one of the large party rooms on the main floor.
They sat at a table near the band’s stage and enjoyed eating steaks with baked potatoes and green beans. Salad and rolls accompanied their meal. They especially enjoyed the holiday cake for dessert.
Later, as the band began to play, Kelly and Jan discussed whether they would dance if they were asked. Cindy interrupted, saying,
"Look who's here! And he's coming this way!"
The girls saw that she had spotted Sam. He smiled and waved at them as he approached the table.
"Hi, girls! Enjoying the party?"
Cindy blushed, answering, "Yes, are you?"
"I just got here. But now it looks like it's going to be better than I expected."
He turned to Cindy and asked, "Would you like to dance?"
Cindy looked surprised.
"Well, I…"
"It’s going to be a boring night if I have to sit and watch everyone else having fun,” he added.
"Well, I wouldn’t want to spoil your evening," Cindy replied, standing up to join him.
Kelly and Jan smiled as Cindy and Sam took the dance floor. Luckily, the band was playing a slow number, so they both managed to dance without stepping on each other’s toes.
On the next song, the band picked up the tempo and two young men asked Kelly and Jan to dance. They both agreed and had fun jostling among the dancers on the floor. Cindy was really enjoying herself. Usually she was the last one to be noticed when Jan and Kelly were around. Although they were her best friends, she believed they were both more attractive than she. It was nice to be the first one who caught a young man’s eye, and she liked Sam a lot. He was definitely much cooler than her boyfriend, Dave. She wondered if Sam were the type of guy who had a lot of girlfriends. 
After a few more songs, the band took a break and the girls went back to their table. Cindy asked Sam to join them.
"Let me get drinks for all of you," Sam said.
"We're drinking Coke," Cindy told him.
"Oh? Wouldn't you like some rum in it?" he asked.
"We don't drink alcohol," said Jan, “We’re under 21.”
Sam looked surprised.
"Really?"
“Yeah, really," Cindy said boldly, "You got a problem with that?"
Sam shook his head, "No, no problem. Fine. Three Cokes. I'll be right back."
When he returned the girls thanked him. They sat and talked about skiing for a while, and they asked Sam what he did for a living.
"I sell hotel supplies…you know, cleaning supplies and such. That's why I'm here. I got a big order from this hotel yesterday. I just thought I'd stay on a couple of more days before heading back to New York."
"New York? That's where Kelly is going when we leave here on Sunday!" Cindy volunteered.
"Oh? Is that where you live?" Sam asked.
Kelly told him that she was going there to visit family for Christmas.
Cindy asked him, "Are you taking the train back?"
"No, I flew up here from New York City."
"You should think about taking the train back," said Cindy, "That's how we're traveling, and it's lots of fun!"
Sam smiled and looked at the three girls.
“Well, maybe I'll do just that!” he said.
The band returned and began to play. The same two young men asked Kelly and Jan to dance. Cindy and Sam danced several more dances together. Between songs they talked and laughed. Later, Kelly and Jan were invited to join the two young men at their table, so they sat with them for a while and talked.
When the band took another break, Cindy and Sam returned to their table. Sam asked if he could buy them another round of Cokes, but Kelly said,
"I have to get up early tomorrow morning, so I think I'd better call it a night."
Sam looked at his watch, "It's not even midnight yet!"
"Sorry," Kelly shrugged.
"Why do you have to get up early? I thought you were on vacation," he asked.
"Well, I have to practice piano," Kelly explained.
"Practice! While you’re on vacation?"
"Yes. The manager made arrangements for me to use the piano in the lounge at seven-thirty, so I need to get to bed soon."
Sam looked at Cindy, "Will you be there, too?"
"Oh, no!" she shook her head, "I'm not getting up that early! Jan and I will wait until she comes back, and then we'll go have breakfast in the café. Maybe I'll see you there."
Sam smiled, "Maybe you will." 

Kelly awoke when her alarm clock rang at seven a.m. A half hour later, she left the other two girls asleep in the second bedroom of their suite. Taking her sheet music with her, she rode the elevator down to the Whitewater Restaurant on the second floor. A burly-looking man stood at the entrance of the darkened room.
"Are you Kelly?" he asked.
"Yes," she smiled.
"I'm Daniel Simon from hotel security. The manager asked me to let you inside here," he said, taking out a ring of keys. He opened the door and said, "Let me put on the lights over the piano for you."
She followed him through the large room, oddly silent and dark, past rows of tables and chairs.
They reached the lounge area. On the left side was a long bar with stools, and on the right, groups of small tables. The windows on the far left displayed a beautiful view of Longview Mountain. The lavender light of early day reflected off the snow and into the room.
 At the end of the bar there was a small wooden dance floor and a sleek, black grand piano. Dan flicked on some lights over the piano.
"How long will you be here?" he asked.
"Oh, I'll be leaving by nine-thirty to meet some friends for breakfast," she said.
Dan nodded, "Okay. I'll come by then to lock up the place."
Daniel left and Kelly sat down. The ebony piano was beautifully polished to a mirror reflection. She opened the keyboard cover and her sheet music, and she began to play some practice scales to warm up. The piano’s rich, beautiful sound filled the empty room. 

In the hallway, Sam waited until the security guard left. He walked to the restaurant door and peeked through the window. He could see Kelly seated at the piano, playing scales methodically. Sam tried the door knob. It was unlocked.
After hearing about her plans to practice this morning, Sam decided that this might be his best chance to grab her. He had made arrangements for Steve to bring a laundry basket up to the restaurant kitchen in five minutes. Once he knocked the girl out, they would place her in the basket, cover her with a sheet, and wheel her out to his car. At this early hour, no one would be watching as they put her into his trunk.
He turned the knob slowly. Cautiously, he opened the door an inch, then another.
Sam slipped quietly into the dark restaurant. He crept in a crouch as he made his way over to the bar and then ducked behind it. He pulled on a ski mask to hide his face.
Kelly stopped practicing scales and turned to a selection that she had been practicing all semester. Her piano teacher had chosen it for its difficulty, saying that it would improve her skills. Kelly wasn't particularly fond of the classical piece, but trusted her teacher's advice, so she practiced it daily.As she was about to begin playing, she heard a soft bump coming from the bar area. She looked around and listened intently. The only sound she heard was the soft whirring of the refrigerator behind the bar. She felt a chill and rubbed her arms. Even wearing a sweater, she still felt chilly.
Convinced that she had not heard anything important, she began to play.  Soon she was totally absorbed in her music, concentrating on the sheet music as she played. Sometimes she stopped and restarted a section that she hadn't played correctly. After two days without practicing, her performance was rusty.
As she approached the ending of the piece, she saw something out of the corner of her eye move. The reflection on the piano of a man loomed larger as he approached from behind. She jumped in fear and screamed.
His arms were suddenly around her, closing tightly like a vice. She twisted and tried to raise her arms to fight, but she was trapped. In one swift move, she was hauled off the piano bench and dragged toward the kitchen. She screamed again for help, and a gloved hand clamped tightly over her mouth.
In terror, she kicked her legs and tried to escape, but her upper torso was locked in his arms. She remembered something from a self-defense class she had taken years ago, and suddenly went limp as if she had fainted.
Her captor stopped. He looked down at her limp figure with her eyes closed and he smiled. With the girl unconscious, this was going to be a lot easier. He let go of her mouth, grabbed under her arms, and dragged her toward the kitchen. As they passed the bar, Kelly opened her eyes and looked for a place where she could get some leverage. At the end of the bar, she saw her chance.
Lifting up her legs, she put her feet up against the top of the bar and shoved back with all her strength. Her captor went backward, losing his balance, and fell back with her on top. Hitting his head on the floor, he was stunned just long enough for her to escape. She struggled from his grasp and ran toward the restaurant door, screaming for help. Within seconds, Sam stumbled to his feet and chased after her.



She struggled from his grasp and ran toward the restaurant door, screaming for help.

She reached the door and grabbed the handle. Yanking it open, she raced out, still screaming for help. She heard him closing in behind her as the door banged behind him.  She kept on running down the carpeted hallway.
"Help!" she cried, "Help!!"
The hallway of the second floor was deserted. Kelly ran as fast as her legs could go. His footsteps pounded behind her, and his heavy breathing grew louder. As he reached out to grab her, a woman in a housekeeping uniform suddenly appeared from around the next corner. She saw a man wearing a ski mask reaching out to grab Kelly, and she screamed.
Instead of running away, the woman ran towards Kelly.
As soon as Sam saw the other woman running towards them, he turned and ran in the opposite direction. A door opened down the hall. Sam knew he couldn't risk fighting off two people, and others might join them. He dashed back through the restaurant and into the kitchen where Steve was waiting with his laundry basket.
"Come on!" Sam yelled, running toward him, "Get in the elevator!"
Quickly, they shoved the laundry basket into the service elevator. Sam tore off his ski mask and jammed it into his pocket. The elevator seemed to take forever to reach the main floor of the loading dock.
 Making sure there was no one around, they ran to Sam's car, got in, and sped away.

Kelly was crying on the shoulder of the woman who had come to her rescue, now comforting her. The maid called for security, and soon Daniel Simon was there. The maid told him what she saw and he began asking questions.
"Did you see what he looked like?" asked Dan.
Kelly shook her head, sobbing, "No, he wore a black knit ski mask and gloves."
"How big was he?”
Kelly told him that he was about Dan's height but slighter in his build. He wore a black ski jacket, ski mask, and black leather gloves. That was all she remembered. She described how he had dragged her from the piano toward the kitchen, but then she had pushed him down backwards by putting her feet up on the bar.
"Smart girl," Dan said, patting her shoulder. He made a call to his security team and told them to search for the man.
"Come on. Let's get you back up to your room. Do you want me to call a doctor?"
"No, please. I'm all right. Just scared, that's all," Kelly said tearfully.
"Then let's get back upstairs."
Kelly turned to the maid and gave her a hug, "Thank you so much for helping me," she told the woman.
"You're very welcome. I am so sorry this happened to you!" the woman replied sympathetically.
The security guard escorted Kelly back to her suite. Before they arrived, Jan and Cindy were watching television in their robes. When they saw Kelly's face they knew something was wrong. Dan told them what had happened, and they both sat on the sofa next to her, putting their arms around her shoulders.
Dan made another call while Kelly described her experience to her friends. Then Dan gave her his phone number if she needed anything, and left.
Ever since the incident, Kelly felt icy cold and couldn't stop shaking. Jan brought Kelly's robe for her. Cindy made a cup of hot tea with extra sugar and brought it to her.
"This should warm you up," she said, handing Kelly the cup.
The girls sat with her and assured her that they wouldn't leave her side for the rest of the trip.
"I guess Dad was right when he told me to stay with you two," Kelly said, "I wish I'd listened to him. I thought I was safe in this hotel, but I guess you can never really be safe anywhere."
That thought scared her as much as the attack had done, and she shivered again.

The girls ordered room service and stayed in their suite until lunch time. They watched a little television, but Kelly's thoughts were elsewhere. The hotel manager came to their suite to check on her and to return the sheet music that she had left in the lounge. He also expressed his apologies.
"We'll get this man, I promise you. And wherever you go, I will have a security guard close by keeping an eye on you girls," he promised.
He left, and within minutes, two sheriff's deputies showed up to take a statement. Kelly told them exactly what had happened. They promised that every square foot of the resort grounds and immediate area was being searched.
One deputy said, "As soon as we find out anything, we'll let you know."
Kelly thanked them, and after they left she knew she had to call her father.She made the dreaded call and told him what had happened. Her father was clearly very upset.
"I'm driving up there to get you girls," he said firmly, "I should be there in three hours."
"Please, no, Dad," Kelly pleaded, "We have only one day left. The hotel manager has assigned a security guard to follow us everywhere, and I want to stay. We'll be leaving tomorrow morning. I promise you that I won’t be alone for the next 24 hours. Please don't bring us home. It would spoil everything."
There was silence as Kelly's father deliberated. Finally, he spoke.
"If you give me your promise that you will not go anywhere alone, and I mean not even to the ladies room, I'll let you stay. I will speak to the hotel manager personally and make sure that you have two guards watching you at all times. You must not go anywhere where the guards can't go with you, and that includes the ski slopes."
"Okay, Dad. I promise. I love you," she added.
"I love you, too, Kelly. I couldn't bear it if anything happened to you or your friends. Please be very vigilant for the rest of the trip. And call me again later on, will you?"
"I promise. Thanks, Dad. I'll call again later."
She hung up the phone and told her friends what she had promised to do.
Jan shrugged, "Well, not skiing is okay with me. We still haven't checked out the free spa and salon treatments that we have. Why not do that today?"
"That's a great idea!" Cindy agreed, "A nice, relaxing spa treatment might do you a world of good, Kelly! I'll call to make an appointment for us."
Cindy was able to get appointments for them in one hour. In the meantime, Kelly called Keith and told him what had happened while Jan and Cindy got ready. When they left the suite, they found two big security guards standing outside their door.
They introduced themselves as Gary and Tyrone, from hotel security, and showed their identification cards. They told the girls that they would accompany them to the spa.
"Gee, this is like being somebody important…like the Queen of England or something," Cindy said smiling.
The others chuckled and continued down the hallway to the elevator.
When they reached the elevator, the guards told them to wait while they checked the inside of the elevator first, and then they were allowed inside. The guards rode in the front near the doors, and checked the hallway outside the spa before the girls came out. Jan and Cindy giggled at the extreme precautions that were being taken. Kelly was glad her two friends were there. Their jokes helped her feel better and to see the humorous side of everything.

Chapter 6: Counting Miracles

The hotel spa was a combination of relaxation therapy and beauty salon. The girls had the entire afternoon to spend getting the full treatment. After massages, they next went to the salon for facial treatments and manicures. A relaxing hot bath helped to calm Kelly’s nerves. By the time they were finished, she felt rejuvenated. She laughed at Jan and Cindy's corny jokes and soon forgot the ordeal she had suffered earlier.
The girls decided to spend an hour at the ice rink where their two guards could be with them. They put on their skates and glided over the ice. The rink was busier than it had been the last time, but they still had plenty of room to experiment with jumps and twirls. Cindy remarked that she thought she had improved her skating since the last time she had skated. She kept her eyes open for Sam, but he didn't appear.
They had fun skating and laughing at each other’s attempts to do a jump or a twirl. Once, when skating around the edge of the rink, Kelly spotted the two security guards standing nearby. Instead of making her feel secure, they reminded her of the terrifying ordeal she had experienced earlier.
The girls back to the suite followed by their guards to rest until dinner. They made reservations at the best restaurant in the hotel, and decided to dress up for dinner. At seven-thirty they went to the Sur du Mont restaurant on the top floor and were given a table overlooking the ski slopes. Their guards took a table next to theirs. Kelly told them to have dinner and put it on her tab, for which they were grateful.
After the main course, the girls were waiting for dessert when Cindy pointed out the window and cried, "Oh, Look!"
On the ski slope, a long line of skiers were carrying burning torches and skiing in a single line down the mountain.
"Wow! That’s so beautiful!" Jan exclaimed, and Kelly agreed.
The line kept swinging left and right across the slope to the bottom of the trail. When the line finally completed its journey, the skiers stood with their torches in a large circle and began to sing. The people in the restaurant became quiet as they tried to hear through the glass. Soon they could hear strains of We Wish You a Merry Christmas echoing up the side of the lodge.
"Ho! Ho! Ho!" a loud voice cried. Everyone turned to see a man in a Santa suit in the restaurant carrying a large sack on his back waving to the people. Everyone laughed and waved back as he made his way around the tables wishing everyone a ‘Merry Christmas’ and handing out candy canes.
A trio began to play at the end of the bar, and several people got up to dance to Winter Wonderland.
The girls' desserts arrived. Jan had chocolate cherry cake and Cindy ordered cheesecake with strawberries. Kelly enjoyed warm apple pie. After tasting each other’s desserts, the girls were undecided about which one was best.
Three young men came to the table and asked the girls if they'd like to dance. Cindy and Jan agreed and went to the dance floor. Kelly thanked the other young man but told him she was too tired for dancing. He accepted her apology and went to another table to ask someone else. Kelly looked at her two guards, who had seen the whole thing. One of them gave a nod to her, either of approval or understanding. She wasn't sure which. She only knew that her enjoyment of the evening had suddenly ended. She felt like she couldn't trust anyone anymore. Normally, she would have been up on the dance floor enjoying herself with her friends. But not tonight. 
After several dances, Cindy and Jan came back to the table.
"Hey, what's wrong? Didn't that guy ask you to dance?"
"He did. But I'm just really tired. You two can stay and enjoy yourselves. I'm going back to the suite."
"We'll go with you!" Cindy insisted.
"No, the guards will go with me, so I won’t be alone. I'll be fine, really. Please stay and dance some more. This is our last night. You should stay and have as much fun as you can," Kelly said, "Please. I want you both to stay. Besides, who else are those guys going to get to dance with them? There's a real shortage of attractive young ladies here tonight!"
Jan and Cindy looked at her with concern, asking, “Are you sure you'll be okay?"
"Yes! The guards will be right outside the door, so I'm not going to be alone. Besides, I’m going to call Dad as I promised."
"Well," Jan said, "If you're sure you don't mind…"
"I don't, really. Please stay. I'll leave the lights on, but I'll probably be asleep in bed by the time you get back."
They thanked her and made sure the guards promised to stay with her until she was safely locked in her room.
Kelly left with the guards. She bid them goodnight outside of the hotel room and locked the door feeling oddly like a prisoner.
She made a hot cup of cocoa and called her father. She assured him that she was fine and that the two security guards he had arranged were standing right outside of her door. He said he was glad she had called, and hoped she would get some sleep.
She got ready for bed and climbed under the covers. Even though she was exhausted, sleep wouldn't come. Her mind was buzzing and all she could think about was what might have happened if she hadn't been able to escape from that man.
She got up and turned on her bedroom light and got back into bed. Taking out her Bible, she began to read her favorite verses and chapters. By the time Jan and Cindy got back, she had fallen asleep.

In the morning, Kelly was the first one awake. She didn't hear any sounds coming from the other room, so she tip-toed out to the living room. The other bedroom door was closed, but she saw Jan and Cindy's shoes on the living room floor.
She made herself a cup of coffee in the kitchenette and sat down in a soft easy chair to look out the window. The events of yesterday had begun to fade, and once again she appreciated the beauty of the snow-covered mountain and stately pine trees sprinkled with sugar. A large wreath hanging on an adjacent side of the lodge reminded her that Christmas was only one week away. 
Today she would take the train to New York City and Dad would be waiting for her at Grand Central Station. She missed him and her pets Daisy and Bailey. She couldn’t wait to get back home and see Keith again. Daisy would be waiting for them at her grandparents' apartment, and she was looking forward to seeing her again, too. She loved visiting her grandparents in New York City. She thought of all the fun things they did together, and she felt very lucky to have such wonderful grandparents. Kelly knew she had a great deal to be grateful for, and went to get her Bible.
Ever since she was a little girl, her parents had taught her to read her Bible every morning. They had taught both of their children to pray, to give thanks, and to read the passages that would give them strength and guidance for their lives.
She turned on the fireplace to ease the morning chill, and resumed her place in the easy chair. Snowflakes gently drifted past the window as she began to read.
Soon the other girls were up and seeking coffee. They sat with her and asked how she felt.
"Actually, I feel pretty good," Kelly replied. "When I think of how things could have gone, it was a miracle I was able to get away. And it was another miracle that the maid was there in the hallway to help me. I feel I was protected every step of the way. I think God was watching over me. Even though I know that there are bad people in this world, He is there to protect me and guide me."
Jan said admiringly, "Boy, I wish I had that kind of faith."
"I believe you, Kelly," Cindy said sincerely, "I think God does send guardian angels to watch over us. There are plenty of times when I say that my guardian angel must have been there to help me."
Jan said, "Yeah, but what about when bad things do happen? Sometimes bad things happen to good people. How do you explain that?"
Kelly replied, "My dad and I talked about that. He agreed that bad things do happen sometimes.  But God is there to help us deal with it and get through it. And God gives us good friends and family to help us get back on our feet. If you two hadn't been here yesterday, it would have been awful. You two really helped me. And I believe God has given me you two friends, and Keith, and my family to be there when I need you. Remember when my mom got sick, and then she died? You two were there with me every step of the way, and that really helped me get through it. And knowing God was there with me helped me to be strong. Anything is bearable when you know God is with you."
Jan looked at her admirably and Cindy nodded in agreement.
"But enough about that," said Kelly, "Tell me what happened last night after I left."
The two girls both began talking at once. They told her that the young men they met were from the same college as the others they had met the night before from the same college ski club trip. They had danced every dance together and had sat at the table for over an hour talking about the resort and what they had done. Soon, all three were laughing.
"They invited us to ski with them today, but we told them we were leaving this afternoon," said Cindy. "I wish we could stay here another week. This trip has been great!"
Jan agreed and Kelly reminded them that checkout time was noon, so they would have to get breakfast soon.
After getting dressed, they came out of the suite to find two new security guards standing outside their room. They introduced themselves as Bob and Ken, and walked with the girls to the café.
The café was crowded, but the hostess soon seated them and brought them menus. Each of the girls decided to order something new, and then shared each other’s dishes to try them.
After breakfast, the girls decided to take one last look at the resort. Bob and Ken said they would welcome a stroll around, so the girls headed to the ice rink. They watched the skaters for a while, and then walked past the ski lifts on their way back. They spotted the guys they had met the night before at the restaurant and waved. The young men skied over to the girls and spoke to them for a few minutes while Bob and Ken stood back a short distance watching. After a short conversation, the guys said good bye and wished them a good trip home.
Their last stop was to visit the boutiques and shops on the second floor. The girls each bought some gifts to take home to friends and family members. Soon it was time to go back to their suite and pack.
By noon, they were packed and ready to leave. After having their luggage picked up from the room, the girls had a quick lunch and then waited at the hotel entrance for the van to take them to the train station. The manager came out to say goodbye and thank them for their visit. Once again, he apologized for what had happened to Kelly.
"Please don't worry about it. I’m fine now," she said, "Have you heard anything from the police yet?"
He shook his head, "No, but I'm sure that they'll catch that man if he tries anything again."
Soon the girls were in the van. They waved goodbye to the manager, Ken, and Bob, and headed for the train station.

Steve and Sam followed the girls’ van from the hotel to the train station. They sat in their car and watched as the girls stood on the curb waiting for their luggage to be loaded onto a cart.
"This is our last chance," Sam said, "Ever since she got away, they've had two guards watching those girls every minute. I'll have to grab her before she gets on the train."
Steve asked, "But how? They're all together now.”
Sam nodded, "The other two girls are going back to Westfield, but the Carlson girl is going to New York City. We need to check the times that the trains leave. You go inside and ask. If I show my face, they may get suspicious."
Steve nodded and exited the car.
The snow was falling gently in large flakes floating down like ashes. The temperature was warm enough to melt the flakes into globs of water when they settled on people’s coats. 
The girls tipped the van driver, and a railway porter came to take the luggage cart.
"We'll take your ski equipment home with us," Cindy told Kelly, "That way you won't have to drag it around New York City."
Kelly smiled, "Thanks. Not too many ski hills in the Big Apple! I am taking my skates, though. Dad and I always go skating at Rockefeller Center."
"That sounds so great! I wish I were going!" Jan exclaimed.
"Well, maybe next year we can all go together. I'm sure my grandparents can find rooms for us at Carlson Towers," Kelly said.
"That would be so cool! Maybe the Harris Brothers will be there next time and we can see them live in concert!" Cindy said excitedly.
Jan shrugged. "Well, maybe. Come on, let's go inside. My feet are getting cold in these boots."
Cindy rolled her eyes, "That's because they look too cool to be warm."
The others groaned at her pun and went inside the train station.
The station was a restored 19th century wood frame building. A huge clock hung from the center of the ceiling. The main room had several rows of wooden pews. A row of paned-glass windows looked out over the small town of River Bend. The platform where people waited for the next train was on the opposite side of the building.
"It looks like a Christmas card," Cindy remarked, gazing out of the window. The others agreed that the view of the quaint town looked festive with the snow falling.
They found their train departure times and sat down to wait. People came in and out while trains arrived and left. Two sheriff's deputies were waiting in the station for someone. Cindy went to the snack counter and brought back hot chocolate for each of them.

Steve returned to the car and got inside. He blew on his cold, red hands to warm them.
"Well?" Sam asked.
"The train to Westfield leaves in half an hour, and the train to New York City leaves in forty-five minutes."
"So we have fifteen minutes to grab her. She'll probably get on the train as soon as it arrives, so let's be ready. You have the stuff?"
Steve nodded, "It's on the floor by my feet."
Sam nodded approvingly.
"You get on the platform and as soon as the train for Westfield leaves, get the girl to follow you to the back of the station near the dumpster. No one will see anything back there. You know the plan."
"Yeah. I tell her that some of her luggage may have been put on the wrong train, and I need her to come to see if her bags are still on the cart."
Steve nodded. Sam had stolen a railway worker's jacket and hat from the station the day before for Steve to wear as a disguise.
"Don't forget to wear the hat," said Sam.

Chapter 7: A Familiar Face

Inside the station, Kelly looked at her watch. It was almost 1:30. The train to Westfield hadn't arrived yet and it was due to leave the station at 1:33.
An announcement came over the intercom.
"The 1:33 train to Montpelier, Randolph, White River Junction, Concord, Manchester, and Westfield, is now arriving at track two."
The girls gathered up their travel bags and went out to the platform. They watched the Amtrak train approach the station slowly.  Soon it came to a stop and the conductor blew his whistle. Passengers began to disembark.
"Oh, I hate saying goodbye!" Cindy groaned.
"I'll be home in a few days," Kelly said, "We'll see each other when I get back."
The girls hugged each other and Kelly walked them to the steps of the train. The girls climbed aboard and waved to her.
"Goodbye! Have a great time in New York!" Jan cried.
"Tell your dad and grandparents ‘Merry Christmas’ from me!" Cindy called out as Jan pushed her ahead as other passengers tried to get on.
"I will!" Kelly called back, waving.
Kelly walked along the train and finally saw the girls waving at her from a seat window. She waved back and then crouched down. She made a small snowball and then threw it at their window. A white patch stuck on the glass and she laughed at their expressions.
"Young lady, there will be no more snowballs thrown at the train," a voice said.
Kelly turned around to see a conductor standing next to her and scowling.
"Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't throw it hard. I was just joking with my friends. I won't do it again, I promise! Sorry, sir!"
He nodded and blew his whistle again, calling, "All aboard!"
The train rumbled and hissed as the wheels began to roll. Gradually, it picked up speed and Kelly ran alongside waving at her friends, yelling, "See you soon!" as they both waved back, smiling.
In a few seconds the train faded into the distance.
Kelly stood, catching her breath. She looked at her watch and saw she only had fifteen minutes until her own train would arrive. She walked back inside the station to warm up
A railway porter approached her, wearing an official railway jacket and hat.
"Ah, Miss Carlson?"
Kelly was surprised that he knew her name. She thought he looked familiar.
“Yes?”
"We may have made a mistake with your luggage. If you could just come with me to identify your bags, we can clear this up."
"A mistake? What kind of mistake?" she asked warily.
"Follow me, please," he replied, turning away. He led her around toward the back of the station.
Kelly had a strange feeling come over her, like something was not right. Why was he going that way when the luggage was out on the platform?
He turned and saw her hesitating.
"Come on! The train is coming, so we don't have much time!"
He waved for her to follow, but she had learned long ago to trust her instincts.
"If there is a problem," she called to him, "just put all of my luggage on the next train to New York. I'll figure it out there."
The porter shook his head impatiently.
"No! You have to come with me now!"
His angry tone frightened her. She shook her head and went back into the station directly to the ticket counter. The clerk asked, “May I help you?”
"There's a man out there who wanted me to go with him to check my luggage, but he was going to take me way back there behind the station. Would you please find out what's going on?"
The clerk frowned, and then nodded. He told another clerk to take over, and then went to the back door.
Kelly watched as he looked outside left and right for the porter. Finally, he came back to her.
"There's nobody out there now. What did he look like?"
"He was rather young…maybe 19 or 20, and had red hair and freckles. He had a slender build, and was about your height."
"Well, Miss, no one of that description works at this station. Are you sure he said he was a porter?"
"He had on a railway jacket and hat, but he was wearing sneakers."
The clerk shook his head, "No, we don’t have anyone working here who fits that description."
Kelly was worried. She wondered what was going on. The clerk spotted two sheriff's deputies drinking coffee at the snack bar and waved to them. They came over.
He told the deputies what Kelly had seen and added, "It concerns me because yesterday, one of the porters reported that someone stole his hat and coat. We don't have anyone of that description working here."
The deputies asked Kelly to show them where he had gone and what he had said to her. She showed them the route he had taken and reported exactly what he had told her.
They searched the area while she waited inside. Finally, they came back inside and spoke to her.
"You were smart not to go with them, Miss. We've had a report about someone who tried to attack a young lady at the White Pines Lodge."
"Yes! That was me! It happened yesterday morning."
The deputies looked surprised.
"You? What's your name?"
"Kelly Carlson."
They both nodded, wide-eyed.
"Yes, that's the name we were told about! It looks like he might have tried to get you again."
"But this man was different. The one at the hotel was taller and bigger. It's not the same man, I'm sure of it."
The deputies looked concerned.
"There could be two men, possibly, who are trying to kidnap you. Are you waiting to get on a train?"
"She's booked on the 1:45 to New York that should be here any minute," the clerk told him.
"Then we'll escort you onto the train and speak with the conductor to keep an eye on you during your trip. Come with us."
When the train arrived, Kelly was escorted onto the train by the deputies. They came on board, and after she was seated, they searched the cars for a man matching the description she had given. When they saw that he was not aboard the train, one of the deputies spoke to the conductor while the other came to Kelly.
"He doesn't appear to be on the train, but we've got some deputies coming to search the area around the station. I think you'll be safe on the train. Stay in this car and the conductor will keep an eye on you. If you have to leave, let him know."
"I will, and thank you very much!"
The deputy touched his cap and nodded. After they left, the conductor, a middle-aged man with a mustache and glasses, came to her and smiled.
"Don't worry, Miss. You'll be safe here. If you need anything, just let me know. I'll be in this car until we get to Grand Central Station in New York."
She nodded and thanked him.
Soon, the train was moving. Other people were waving goodbye to family and friends.
Kelly remembered how happy she had been just a short while ago. But now, she was nervous and worried. What if that man had gotten on the train and was hiding until the deputies left?
She looked around for the conductor and saw him in the back of the car helping someone store a bag in the overhead compartment. She sighed nervously and tried to relax.
"The Lord is my Shepherd. I shall not want," she mumbled. She looked out the windows at the snow-covered mountains, so beautiful. Majestic was the word that came to her mind. Recalling another Bible verse, she whispered, "I lift up my eyes to the hills. Where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord, the maker of heaven and Earth."
"The Lord will keep you from all harm. He will watch over your life; the Lord will watch over your coming and going both now and forevermore."
She had memorized those verses from Psalm 121 when she had been confirmed. Whenever she was afraid, she spoke these words, bringing calm to her spirit. She wished that her friends were with her, but knew that she wasn't alone. The Lord was with her, always.

Ten minutes earlier back at the station, Steve met up with Sam.
"Where is she?" Sam demanded.
"She wouldn't come!"
"What? Why not? Did you tell her-"
“Yes! I told her that there was a mistake with her luggage and I needed her to come with me to straighten it out, but she wouldn't!"
Sam swore bitterly. He wanted to punch Steve, but instead, he kicked a nearby trash can.
"Where is she now?" Sam demanded.
"Inside the station. There are lots of people in there. We can't get her now!"
Sam said, "Come on!"
They both headed for the station, but suddenly, two sheriff's deputies came out, looking around. Sam and Steve ducked back behind a brick wall.
"She must've told the cops!" Steve cried.
"Shut up!" Sam snapped. He waited until the deputies went back inside the station, and then said, "You go back to the car and wait ten minutes. If I don't come back, it means I'm on the train. Drive to Montpelier and meet me at the station there. I'll try to find some way to get her off the train there and then we can take her."
Steve nodded and went off to wait in the car. Sam pulled his knit hat down over his forehead and went toward the station. Looking through the glass doors, he saw Kelly with the two deputies. He walked around the other end of the station to the platform. Another train soon arrived, and he waited to see if she would get on the train.
Two deputies escorted Kelly onto the train and went aboard with her. Sam waited for a few minutes, but he knew that the deputies would probably find someone to watch her on the train. Angrily, he stormed back to the car.
Getting inside, he snapped, "Drive to Montpelier! We'll try again at the next train station."
"But she won't be getting off until New York-" Steve reminded him.
"I know that! I'll have to go on the train and figure out something. Now step on it. We've got to beat that train to the station!"
Steve pulled out of the parking lot with his wheels spinning on the ice. He stabbed the pedal to the floor and the engine roared.

Inside the train, the conductor cried, "Next stop: Randolph, Vermont!" repeating this announcement as he walked from car to car.
Kelly had dozed off in her seat. She awoke as the announcement was made for Montpelier Station. She took her purse and went to the bathroom in the rear of the car. She smiled at the conductor who was keeping an eye on her. He saw her go into the bathroom. 
When the train stopped at the station, Kelly returned to her seat. She watched as people gathered their belongings and got off while others got on the train. She watched the faces of the people, looking for anyone who looked familiar or resembled the young red-headed man.
Once again the train started moving.
It was ten minutes later when a familiar voice asked, "Kelly?"
Kelly looked up and smiled warmly, happy to see a familiar face.
"Sam! What a surprise!"

Chapter 8: No Escape

He smiled back, "I'm surprised to see you here! I thought you girls were going home to Westfield today."
"Oh, the other two went home. I'm going to New York to spend a few days with my grandparents before Christmas."
"Yeah? That sounds great. I'm headed to Randolph myself, to see some clients there before continuing on to New York. Mind if I sit down for a minute? I just came into this car to use the bathroom because both of them in my car are occupied."
"Of course! Have a seat!" Kelly invited.
He sat down and sighed, "Well, how are you enjoying your trip so far?"
She nodded, "It's okay. I wish my friends were with me, though. It's kind of boring being here alone."
"Well, I'd be happy to get my stuff and move up here if you want me to," Sam offered.
"Oh, no, I wouldn't want to impose-"
"It's not a problem."
"No, please. Just having a conversation is nice. You don't have to move."
"Well, I'll stay for a little while and we can talk. How's that?"
"That's fine!"
"Tell me about your friend, Cindy. She seems like a really nice girl. Of course, I think all three of you are really nice-"
Kelly laughed, "Thanks, but yes, Cindy is a really nice, caring person."
"How did the two of you meet?" Sam asked, looking interested.
Kelly told him how they met in school in 5th grade and had been friends ever since. She talked about the kinds of things they liked to do together, and how helpful Cindy was to everyone. An hour had nearly passed when they heard the announcement that the train was arriving at Randolph Station.
"Oh, I'd better go get my stuff since this is my stop. It's been great talking with you," Sam said.
"I've enjoyed talking to you, too, Sam. I hope we meet again someday."
"Oh, I'm sure we will," he smiled, "Bye!"
Sam got up and left. She smiled and watched out the window as the station came slowly into view. Passengers were standing on the platform, some hugging their luggage to keep warm.
Passengers in her car were preparing to leave. When she looked down, she saw something on the seat beside her. It was a man's wallet.
She picked it up and looked inside. A couple of credit cards peeked out from their slots, but one of the inserts was a driver's license. The photo on the card was of Sam.
"Oh, no!" Kelly cried. She looked around and Sam was gone. She decided to try to find him before he left the train, so she headed toward the rear of the car. Already a long line had formed to the exit. She tried to see around the line of people waiting to disembark.
The line moved forward slowly as passengers got off. Kelly was the last one in the line, but finally went through the rear door of the exit.
Suddenly, a hand grabbed her from behind, gripping her around her chest. Another gloved hand appeared in front of her face, holding a knife. A voice spoke into her ear, whispering harshly.
"Don't turn around! Keep your mouth shut. Just do exactly what I say and you won't get hurt. Do you hear me?"
Suddenly struck by terror, she froze.
"Do you hear me?" he repeated, jerking the knife close to her face. She recoiled in fear, and managed to nod.
Sam looked around. The exit area was empty, but soon new passengers would be getting on.
"I want you to get off the train. I have this knife and I'm not afraid to use it. If you follow my instructions, I promise that you'll not be harmed. If you try anything, I will shove this knife into your back. Got it?"
She nodded again, frantically wondering what she should do. Should she try to cry out for help? Should she kick him in the shins, or try to escape once they were off the train?
He pushed her down the steps to the platform. One arm firmly held her arm, and the other held the knife against her under his coat which was draped over his arm.
"Walk toward the parking lot over on the right," he said.
She walked stiffly, her legs feeling like jelly. She could feel the point of the knife in her back. Would he really use it if she tried to get away?
Soon they were at the parking lot.
"Go over to that black car on the end with the engine running," he said.
She thought that his voice sounded familiar, but it sounded as though he was trying to disguise it.
When they reached the black car, she could see someone at the wheel.
"Get in the back seat," he ordered.
She hesitated, "Where--Where are you taking me?"
"Never mind! Just do as I say or I'll kill you right here!"
She didn’t want to get into the car, and held back. He suddenly flung the door open and pushed her inside. She fell forward onto the seat. He climbed in after her, shoving her aside and slamming the door.
"Okay, let's go!" he said to the driver.
Kelly twisted her head to see her captor.
"Sam!" Kelly cried in surprise, "What--Why-"
"Shut up! And keep your head down until we get on the highway!"
He pushed her head down as the car sped out of the parking lot. She could hear the train's whistle as it began to leave the station. Her purse and all of her luggage were still on the train, as well as her coat and gloves. She began to shiver.
In a few minutes they were speeding along the main highway.
"Okay, you can look up now," Sam told her.
She turned to him, frightened and confused. She looked at the driver and thought something about him seemed familiar. Turning to Sam, she asked,
"Why are you doing this? I thought you were a nice guy, a friend!"
He looked at her without any emotion.
"I was friendly with you to gain your trust. I tried to nab you once before at the hotel, but you got away."
"You! That was you?"
He nodded.
"Why? What do you want?"
"Well, isn't it obvious? You're Kelly Carlson, heir to the Carlson Hotels chain. You're probably worth millions."
"But I'm not! My father quit the hotel business when I was young. He's a minister now! We have nothing to do with the hotel business!"
"But you have rich grandparents, don't you? Rich aunts and uncles, too, I bet. Even if your old man hasn't got four million dollars for ransom, I'll bet your family will come up with it."
"Four million dollars!" she exclaimed.
"That's nothing to Carlson Hotels. They make that in one month easy," Sam said, "I promise I won't hurt you as long as you do what you're told. As soon as we get our money, we'll let you go. And we'll be long gone before the cops arrive."
"But kidnapping is a federal crime!" Kelly argued, "You'll go to prison for the rest of your lives!"
"Only if we get caught, and we won't," Sam insisted, "They'll never find us. We'll be out of the country before they have any idea where we are. Now shut up and turn around."
Sam produced a roll of duct tape which he used to tape her wrists behind her back, and her ankles. Then he put a bandana in her mouth.
"That's to keep you quiet. I'll take it out when we reach the cabin.”
Riding in the back seat, a million thoughts screamed in her brain. Could these men be trusted to keep their word that she wouldn't be harmed? What if something went wrong and the police found them? Would they keep her as a hostage until they fled the country? Where were they taking her?
She wished she could call her father. If only she hadn't picked up that wallet and tried to return it to Sam. She realized now that it had been a clever trick to get her to follow him to the rear of the train where he was waiting for her. Sam had seemed like such a nice guy, and so helpful to Cindy. How could he do this?
She imagined her father's anxiety when he would find out what had happened. Would his family be able to raise the money needed to pay for her release? What if they couldn't come up with four million dollars? It seemed like a colossal amount of money, impossible to pay in a couple of days!
She resorted to repeating her Bible verses and prayed. She prayed that God would help her find a way out of the situation safely. She also tried to recall everything she had read or seen about kidnappings. Most of the time, the victim was killed so he or she couldn't testify against the captors. She prayed that her life would be spared so she could spend Christmas with her family.
Hot tears slipped down her face as she thought about her family waiting for her in New York. Jan and Cindy would be so worried about her! And Keith would also be anxious.
Please God, she prayed, protect me and guide me through this. Whatever happens, Lord, I trust in you.

The conductor on the train headed for New York hadn’t noticed that Kelly's seat was empty until he came back to collect tickets from new passengers who had just gotten on the train. He checked the bathrooms and found them empty. Concerned, he began to search. He soon realized that she was not in the car.
He went into the other cars looking for her and checking all the bathrooms. Picking up his radio, he called the station master at Randolph and told him about the missing girl.
"We'll look around the station for her," said the station master, "but if she don't turn up, I'll call the sheriff's office. What's the passenger's name?"
The conductor gave him the information he had on Kelly, and explained that the deputies in River Bend had asked him to keep an eye on her.
"I've been watching her since she got on, but after we left Randolph, I noticed she was gone. She could be in trouble!"

Steve’s car exited the highway and turned down a long, winding road that led up the side of Longview Mountain. The road coiled back and forth, gaining in elevation and becoming steeper. The car swerved on the icy road and Kelly could hear clumps of ice knocking against the car as they sped up the mountain.
Soon, the car turned off the road and rolled to a stop. The driver and Sam got out and helped Kelly out of the back seat. She saw a snow-covered log cabin surrounded by trees. She looked around and realized that the cabin was in the middle of a large wood, with no neighbors in sight.
Inside, the main room was small and dark with a large fireplace against the left wall. On the right were some doors leading off to two other rooms. A small kitchen stood at the end of the living room, along with a dining table surrounded by four captain's chairs.
The two men set Kelly down on the couch in front of the fireplace. She began to shiver because the cabin was as cold as a tomb.
"Get the fire going," Sam told Steve.
Soon, flames were licking logs in the fireplace, lighting the small room.
Sam brought out some bottles of milk and juice to her. Removing the bandana, he said, "Here. Have something to drink. I'll make us some coffee."
She accepted the juice and he held it to her lips as she drank. It was cold and sweet, tasting like fresh apples.
When Steve wrapped a blanket around her shoulders, their eyes met.
"I know you!" she said, "You work at the restaurant at the hotel!"
Steve quickly looked away nervously and went back outside to the car. In a few minutes, he returned with two grocery bags filled with groceries.
"We'll be here for a few days," Sam explained, "Or as long as it takes for your family to put up the cash."
"What if they can't?" she asked, "What will you do? Will you kill me?"
Sam replied, "Nobody's going to get killed. I told you that you won't be harmed and I meant it. I'm only doing this for the money. It's a business transaction, that's all, and you’re family will pay up. Now stop asking questions. I'll make us something to eat. It's getting dark outside. You sleep in here on this couch. It'll be warm here next to the fire. Steve and I will take the bedroom over there. There's two beds in there but no heat. The bathroom is the other door. It's just a toilet and sink, but it works. You have to pour a bucket of salt water in the toilet to flush it because the water pump is turned off.  I'll keep the bucket in there full of water. But we won't be here too much longer, I hope."
Kelly said a silent prayer of thanks that the two men had no plan to harm her. She knew the Lord was with her, and began repeating more Bible verses.
"Trust in the Lord with all your heart, all of your mind, and all of your soul, and lean not to your own understanding," she whispered.

Kelly’s dad was just leaving for Grand Central Station where he would meet her when the phone rang in his parents' Manhattan apartment. A house servant, James, answered it and announced,
"It's for you, Reverend. It's the Sheriff in Randolph, Vermont."
A puzzled look grew on his face as he came to the phone.
"Yes? This is Mr. Carlson."
"Mr. Carlson, this is Sheriff Hogan at Randolph, Vermont. Do you have a daughter named Kelly who was travelling to New York by train from River Bend?"
"Yes!"
"We have a report from the conductor that she has gone missing from the train. We believe she may have gotten off the train at Randolph. Has she been in touch with you?"
Bill Carlson felt his body go numb. He gripped the phone tightly.
"No! She hasn't! When was she last seen?"
"The conductor saw her in her seat just before they reached Randolph. Is there any reason why she would get off the train and leave her belongings behind on the train?"
"No, she wouldn't!"
"We have the things she left on the train here in the Sheriff's office in Randolph. We are going to initiate a search for her in and around Randolph. If she's anywhere in town, we'll find her."
"I'm coming up there! I'll leave right away!" Mr. Carlson cried.
"The Sheriff's office is on Main Street at the corner of Maple, just one block from the main intersection in town. Ask anybody where to find us. It's a small village. We're about 8 hours from New York if you drive."
"I'll be flying up there as soon as I can," he replied.
Sheriff Hogan gave him his phone number and the location of the nearest airport in Randolph.
After he hung up, Bill Carlson hurried into the living room where his parents were seated next to the Christmas tree. They looked up at him and concluded by the look on his face that something was wrong.
Bill Carlson told his parents about Kelly's disappearance.
"Of course you can take our private plane up there right away!" said his father, "I'll have the pilot meet you at the airport. James will drive you there. Please call us and let us know what is going on!"
His mother, Clara Carlson, stood and gave him a hug.
"I'll keep you both in my prayers," she said as her eyes filled with tears.

Chapter 9: Kidnapped!

Kelly felt warm as she sat on the couch before the fire. Sam had given her a hot cup of coffee and a small meal of scrambled eggs and bacon. She made herself eat a little to get warm, but she really wasn’t hungry. After an hour, she lay down on the couch as the two men sat at the table playing cards and talking.
"When will we call her folks?" asked Steve.
"Let them wait and worry a while. The more worried they are, the more they'll be willing to pay up. We'll call first thing in the morning. I'll go into town and use a pay phone so they can't trace us. Everything will be fine and she'll be home in time for Christmas Eve."
"How will we get the money without being followed?" asked Steve.
"We won't get cash. Too dangerous. I'll have the old man wire the money to a bank account. I have a friend in a small town in Mexico. He opened an account for me there last year. I'll have the money wired there to my account, and then we'll go down and pick it up. After that, we can go anywhere in the world and nobody can stop us."
Steve lowered his voice to a whisper.
"What about the girl?"
Sam looked at Kelly and said, "Once I get word that the money has been transferred, we'll leave her here and then send a message to the Sheriff telling them where she is. They'll come and get her right away, which is why we have to be long gone before we tell them where she is."
Steve looked anxiously at Kelly. Sam smiled, "Don't worry. She'll be fine."


Kelly felt badly that her grandparents would be asked to give up several million dollars of their own hard-earned money to get her released. She tried to think of another way to get away, but with her ankles and hands bound tightly with duct tape, she knew she wouldn't get far.
Before going to sleep, she was allowed to use the bathroom. Steve helped her walk to the bathroom and then waited outside until she was finished. He helped her back to the couch.
"Thank you," she said, looking in his eyes. He looked away quickly. His guilt was evident on his face, and she realized that perhaps Steve was someone she might be able to reason with.
They put two more logs on the fire and gave her a pillow and another blanket. She was comfortable, but believed she wouldn't sleep no matter how comfortable she felt.
The two men went to the bedroom and closed the door. She could hear them talking in muffled voices. Eventually, it became quiet, and the only sounds came from the fireplace where yellow, orange, and blue flames danced across the hissing logs. Occasionally, sparks popped out and landed on the flagstone hearth. 
Kelly lay in the silent darkness, staring into the fire. She prayed once more for God's protection and declared her trust in Him. He would help her get through this. Of that, she was sure. She remembered how she had trusted Him when her mom was ill. Although her mother had died in the end, she and Kelly were able to spend time together telling each other how much they loved one another. Kelly thanked her mother for being such a great mom, and her mother told her how much she meant to her. When her mother died, she went peacefully in her sleep. Kelly understood that sometimes people have to die, for reasons that are not understood. But she knew her mother was safe in heaven with the Lord, and that she was watching over her now. That comforting thought helped her drift off to sleep.

When Kelly didn't call Keith as she had promised, he called her house to see if she had decided to go back to Westfield. He left a message on the phone, and Mr. Carlson had called him back from the Randolph police station. When Mr. Carlson told Keith that Kelly was missing, he was alarmed.
"I'm coming up there!" Keith declared.
"The police have had a search party out all night looking for her, and there's no trace so far. No one saw her leave the train station, either. If anyone did see anything from the train, they're long gone by now."
"Maybe we should tell the newspaper reporters and television stations-"
"The Sheriff would like to avoid that publicity for Kelly, and quite frankly, so would I," said Mr. Carlson, "If she hasn't been kidnapped, someone may decide to do that if they find out she's a member of the Carlson Hotels family. I've always tried to keep that fact quiet for just this reason. I'll agree to let the media know only as a last resort, Keith."
"Oh, I see," Keith said. He had known that Kelly's family was wealthy, but he had never given much thought to it. Long ago, when Kelly admitted to being related to the Carlson Hotels family, she made Keith promise to keep it a secret. The only other people who knew about it were Jan and Cindy. She trusted them to keep her secret safe. Keith understood that her safety depended on others not knowing the secret. However, Mr. Carlson had revealed that she was his daughter when he made the reservations at the ski lodge. He had trusted the hotel manager because he wanted him to make sure that the three girls had a good room and access to all the services of the hotel. Unfortunately, the hotel manager shared Kelly's secret with his administrative staff so they would do everything possible to make sure the three girls were given the best guest services. But one of the staff had told Sam about Kelly, and now she was in danger.
"I want to come up there, anyway," Keith told Mr. Carlson.
"Keith, it's a long trip and when you get here you'll be doing what I'm doing: sitting around waiting for something to turn up. There's nothing you can do here because the police are handling the situation. My advice to you is what I told my son, Brian, an hour ago: stay where you are. If anything develops, I'll call you and then you can decide whether coming up here is warranted." 
Keith said he understood and would wait for his call.
Mr. Carlson hung up the phone and resumed pacing the floor of the Sheriff's office. Every time the phone rang, he jumped, hoping it would be some word about Kelly. 
He spent the night in a soft chair in the waiting area, occasionally dozing off, but mostly awake and praying. He gazed at his watch. It was just after 8:30 a.m. He got up and poured himself a cup of the Sheriff's brew.
The phone rang again, and this time the Sheriff looked straight at him. His brow knitted together.
"Yes, he's here," the Sheriff said, "It's for you!"
He handed the phone to Mr. Carlson.
"Hello?"
"Mr. Carlson?"
"Yes, this is he."
"You have a daughter named Kelly?"
"Yes!"
"I know where she is."
Mr. Carlson was enraged, "Who is this?" he demanded.
"I have your daughter, Mr. Carlson," Sam said.
Carlson shouted, "If you have even touched a lock of her hair, I'll-"
"Calm down, pops! Kelly's fine. Nobody's touched her. We don't want to hurt her, we just want to do a business deal. You can have her back as soon as you send four million dollars to a bank account in Mexico. When I get word that the money is there, she'll be released."
"Four million dollars!" cried Mr. Carlson. The Sheriff was listening on an extension and he gave an encouraging nod.
Mr. Carlson got control of his emotions.
"I-I don't know if I can get that kind of money-"
"Come now, Mr. Carlson. I know who your family is. That's chunk change for them. Call your daddy and tell him the deal. Have him wire the money to this account number. Got a pen?"
Mr. Carlson looked at the desk and the Sheriff handed him a pen and paper.
"Go ahead," said Carlson.
Sam read him the bank account number and had him repeat it back. Then he said,
"I'll check the account by tomorrow morning. If the money is there, I'll call and tell you where to find your daughter. Goodbye."
He hung up the phone. Sheriff Hogan turned to one of his deputies who was listening with headphones and a tape recorder.
"Did you get it?"
"Yeah," the deputy nodded, "but he wasn't on a cell phone...probably a pay phone somewhere.”
"Damn!" the Sheriff cried and sat down. He looked at Carlson.
"Can you get the money wired there by tomorrow?"
"I will do all I can," said Mr. Carlson, "Is there any hope of finding Kelly before then?"
"We're doing our best. In the meantime, you make the arrangements to transfer the money. I'll find out the location of the bank in Mexico from the account number and call them. We can ask them to have the Mexican police arrest these guys when they come to claim it."
Mr. Carlson felt a heavy weight pressing upon him. He was hopeful that the caller had said that no one had hurt Kelly and that she would be safe as long as he followed instructions. But he knew the caller was not to be trusted. It was best to let him think that he would get away with the kidnapping in the hope that Kelly would soon be released.

Back in the cabin, Steve was making breakfast. The aroma of fresh coffee and sizzling bacon awoke Kelly. She looked around and saw that the dining table was set for two. Sam was nowhere in sight. 
"You're awake!" Steve declared, and set two plates down on the table.
"Are you hungry?" he asked, pouring two cups of coffee.
She sat up and pushed off the blanket. The chill that had pervaded last night was gone. The morning was bright and hopeful. She looked at her watch. It was eight-thirty.
“Breakfast is ready," Steve said. He pulled out a chair for her. Slowly, she hobbled to the table and sat down, smoothing her hair and tucking it behind her ears. Steve saw her hands still tied in front of her, and he used a knife to cut through the duct tape so she could eat.
"Thanks," she said appreciatively, "Where's Sam?"
"He took the car to find a public phone and call your father. With a little luck you may be out of here by tomorrow morning."
"What do you mean?" she asked.
"Sam's having the ransom money wired to a bank account in Mexico. As soon as it's transferred, you'll be released."
She sat, thinking as she sipped the coffee. Steve looked much happier than he did last night.
"Why should I believe you?" Kelly asked, "What makes you think that Sam will let me go? Now that I can identify both of you, he may decide to kill me instead of letting me go."
"No! I won't let him do that!" cried Steve. Kelly was surprised at his reaction. He went on, "That wasn't the plan! He promised that you wouldn't be harmed!"
"And you believed him? Is that why you agreed to do this?"
"No, it wasn't like that!" Steve protested, "I didn't want to have anything to do with the kidnapping! He made me do it!"
"He made you? How?" she asked.
"He told me that if I didn't help him do this, he would turn me in. He caught me lifting a couple of bills out of some guy's wallet. I only wanted twenty bucks to put some gas in my car. The guy left his wallet in the bar at the hotel and before I turned it in to the manager, I took some cash. There was plenty left over. He wouldn't have even missed it!"
"And Sam saw you do this?"
"Yeah. He was staying at the hotel at the time. He had been there before, sneaking around and stealing jewelry and cash. When Sam caught me, he told me I had to help him or he would turn me in and I'd get fired, and probably arrested. I told him that I could do the same thing, but he said I had no proof. He was right. So I kept a lookout for guests who might have stuff to steal, you know, rich people with jewelry and fat wallets. I found out what rooms they were in, and then when they were out skiing, he'd sneak in and rob them."
"How long have you two been doing this?"
"Since October. I had just got hired at the hotel and was flat broke. I needed some money to buy gas so I could get to work."
"Did you steal at other places before that?" she asked.
Steve looked down at his plate and shrugged, "Not really. I mean, maybe some money out of my mom's purse once in a while if she was too drunk to notice, but not like this."
Kelly thought while eating her eggs, and then said, "Steve, look at me."
Steve glanced furtively at her from under his brows.
"I believe you. I think you really don’t want to be involved in a kidnapping. You could go to prison for the rest of your life! Listen to me! Just help me get away to a phone so I can call the police or my dad. If you don't have a criminal record, you won't be in the police files. Only Sam knows your identity," she concluded.
"No he doesn't. I gave him my fake ID name. I found a driver's license one day and instead of turning it in, I used it to put my own photo onto it. I laminated it so it looked real. I'm really from Canada, but I don't have a green card or visa. With the American driver's license I was able to get a social security number and get hired at the hotel."
Kelly moved closer and looked into his eyes.
"Then no one will know! You can go back to Canada and start over again! Just help me, please!" she pleaded.
He sighed, "It's too late. I'm already in too deep-"
"No you're not!" she argued, "There's always a way back. If you're truly sorry for doing this, then God will forgive you and help you! But you have to trust Him! He forgives everyone who seeks his forgiveness, no matter what they've done! He'll help you to start over! Think about it, Steve! You can make this all go away if you help me now!"
He frowned and looked at her.
"You believe all that stuff about God?"
"Yes!" she exclaimed, "I do! He helps me all the time because He's real and He cares. God sent his only son to help us because he loves us so much! But you have to trust Him and have faith!"
Steve put down his fork and sighed, "I don't know. If Steve sees us, he'll be so angry, he may just kill us both!"
"Then we'll disguise ourselves!" she said, "There must be some clothing around here! We can stay clear of the road and go down through the woods! But we'll have to leave before he gets back! Is the main road far from here?"
Steve's head came up, "Not really. It's just down the mountain. There's a truck stop there next to the main highway."
"Then let's go! Maybe you can get a ride up to Canada and I can call my dad from there. Do you have some money to pay for your ride?"
Steve nodded eagerly, "Yeah, I got paid last week and cashed my entire check!"
"Then let's go now!" she said getting up, "This is your only chance to escape prison, Steve! If we go together, God will help us, I know He will!"
Steve got up and looked out the back window. There was no sign of Sam or the car. Kelly seemed so sure that it would work that Steve began to wonder if she could be right.
"There are some hunting clothes in the bedroom closet," he said. He left the table and went to the bedroom. When he came back, he held two large camouflage jackets, caps, and hunting boots.
Kelly's heart leapt. He was going to help her escape!
Quickly, he used the knife to cut the tape from around her ankles. He handed her some clothes and she put them on. The boots were so big they fit over her shoes. The jacket came down over her knees, and the large hat hid her hair and face. Steve put on the other camouflage jacket and grabbed a knapsack with his things in it. Opening the door slowly, he searched the area for any sign of cars or people. He led Kelly outside into the snow.
"We need to stay away from the road," she reminded him. He nodded and led her around to the other side of the cabin. They climbed over a wooden rail fence and set off into the surrounding woods. There was no time to erase their tracks, and if Steve returned, he would probably follow their tracks. Kelly prayed that they would get far enough away to reach safety before Sam caught up with them.
They had gone about a mile through the woods, keeping the road in sight, when they heard a car. Quickly, they ducked down behind some snowy briars. They waited until the car passed, and then Kelly asked,
"Was that Sam?"
Steve shook his head, "No. That car is red. Mine is dark green. Come on!"
They took off again, moving as fast as they could. Kelly stumbled in her over-large boots and Steve helped her up several times.
They headed straight down the mountain, and carefully crossed the road twice. Kelly was beginning to feel exhausted. She hadn't slept well the night before, and the oversized clothing was heavy and difficult to manage, but she did her best.
"I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me," she murmured, repeating one of her favorite Bible verses. She closed her eyes and prayed for courage and guidance.
The mountain proved to be much bigger than Kelly had expected. It was a steep slope covered in pine trees. 
Suddenly, she lost her footing and slipped, sliding down the mountain like an out- of-control skier until she landed up against a fallen log. Steve rushed down to her.
"Are you okay?" he asked breathlessly.
"Yeah, I think so," she said, moving her limbs gingerly.
"I don't think anything is broken," she added, but when she went to stand up, pain shot up her right leg.
"Ow!" she cried, and fell.
"What's wrong?" he asked.
She reached down and rubbed her ankle.
"I think I sprained my ankle. I can't put any weight on it!"
He looked down and then gently pulled off her boot. He scooped up some snow and held it against her ankle. They both looked around to see if anyone was near.
"I'll be all right," she assured him, "Put my boot back on. I'll manage somehow."
He replaced her boot, but soon realized that she was unable to walk on her right foot. Steve went over to a tree and broke off a large branch. He snapped off the end and brought it back to her.
"Here, use this to help you walk. I'll give you a hand."
He put his arm around her waist and she used the stick like a cane. It was slow going, but at least she was able to move.
"It shouldn't be much farther now," he said, "I think-"
Suddenly he stopped and pushed Kelly down into the snow behind a fallen log.
"Shh!" he cautioned, "The car is coming! It's Sam!"
They both lay flattened, not moving. A dark green car drove straight up toward them. Kelly hadn't realized that they were so close to the road. She held her breath and prayed silently, 'Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil for Thou are with me'.
The car roared closer and closer. Kelly squeezed her eyes shut and held her breath. Suddenly, the car turned right, speeding past them up the mountain. They waited until the car disappeared before sitting up.


The car roared closer and closer.



"That was close!” Steve said, “But when he finds the cabin empty, he'll be after us! Come on!”

Chapter 10: The Getaway

He helped her up and assisted her to the edge of the road. They followed it down the mountain for another quarter of a mile where it joined the main highway.
"There's the truck stop!" Steve exclaimed. Kelly saw the sprawling place down the road about half a mile.
Quickly, they resumed walking along the side of the road. Several large semi- tractor trailers roared past them going to and from the truck stop. Kelly's ankle was painful to walk on, but the icy cold had helped to numb her foot.
It seemed to take forever to reach the truck stop. They both kept looking back over their shoulders to see if Sam was behind them.
Soon they reached the low building surrounded by trucks, and went inside.
The scent of hot coffee and bacon welcomed them into the crowded restaurant. No one paid any attention as they entered. Some truckers were cashing out at the front register while others sat at the long counter in front of the kitchen. Booths along the wall were filled with other truckers eating, talking, and laughing among themselves.
Steve pointed to the booths beyond the counter, out of sight from the main entrance. They made their way slowly past the customers and waitresses and sat down. A few heads turned to look at them. Kelly realized she probably looked strange in the oversized hunting clothes. Her heart was racing. She didn't remove her hat and kept her face hidden in case Sam appeared.
A waitress wearing shocking pink lipstick and a bow in her hair appeared at their booth with a pot of coffee and two mugs.
"Coffee?" she asked, staring at the two young people covered in snow and red- faced with cold.
"Yeah, thanks," Steve nodded. Kelly asked, "Is there a pay phone here?"
"Right next to the restrooms, over there," she indicated to the alcove near them. After she left, Kelly said, "I hope you've got some change-"
Steve dug into his pocket and pulled out some coins.
"Thanks!" she said. She used her stick to hobble over to the phone and dropped the coins in. With shaking hands, she dialed her dad's home number. When there was no answer, she realized that he would be in New York, probably at her grandparents' place, or out looking for her. She retrieved the coins and dialed 911.
"This is the 911 Emergency Operator. What is your emergency?" a female voice asked calmly.
"My name is Kelly Carlson. Some guy tried to kidnap me, but I got away. Please send the police to the diner…it's the--" she paused to look around and saw a sign on the wall, "It's the Greenvale Truck Stop! That guy is still coming for me! Please hurry!"
"What was your name again, please?"
"Kelly! Kelly Carlson! Please send someone immediately!" she pleaded.
"Please stay on the line while I call the nearest squad car," said the voice.
"Okay," Kelly agreed, waiting impatiently. She watched the doorway for Sam, who might come walking in at any moment. She knew that he had already discovered their absence from the cabin and had raced down the mountain, speeding toward the nearest haven--the truck stop.
The woman on the other end of the line came back on and asked Kelly to give her full name and address. Kelly told her and was told to stay on the phone until help arrived.
A voice message came on the line.
"Please deposit seventy-five cents to continue this call."
Kelly looked in her hand. She only had fifty-five cents. She dropped it into the coin drop. The voice repeated, "Please deposit twenty cents to continue this call."
Kelly looked back at Steve, but he was gone! She looked around, but no one was nearby to ask for change. Suddenly, the line went dead and the coins dropped down into the coin bay below.
"Oh, no!" she cried. She had to get back on the police line somehow. But where was Steve? She hadn't seen him go past her into the men's restroom. She ventured out from the alcove and looked around. Steve was nowhere in sight. She limped back to her seat and sat down, wondering what to do next. Had Steve left her there? 
Frustrated, tears sprang into her eyes. She took a deep breath and prayed. 
"Lord, you've gotten me this far. Please show me what to do next," she prayed.
Suddenly, she saw Steve get up from the lunch counter and walk back toward her. She breathed a sigh of relief.
Steve sat down and said quietly, "I asked the waitress if she knew anybody who would take a rider up north, and she told me about that guy over there. He owns his own truck. I offered to pay him, and we agreed on a price. He's letting me ride with him up to Canada!"
She smiled, "That's great! I'm really happy for you!"
"What about you, any luck?"
She told him about her 911 call and he reached into his pocket and gave her five dollars.
"Maybe the waitress will change this for you," he said.
When the waitress returned and took their order, Kelly asked if she could have some change. Soon, Kelly was back on the line with another 911 operator.
"Yes, we have your report already. Are you in a safe place?" the 911 operator asked.
"I think so, but the man who's after me may come in here at any moment!"
"Then stay on the line if you can until help arrives."
Kelly promised to try, and when a voice message told her to drop more money into the phone, she had enough change to comply.
"Kelly!" Steve said, suddenly standing next to her, "My ride is leaving, so I have to go. Here's ten more dollars in case you need it. Thanks for giving me this chance."
"Thanks for helping me, Steve. I'll keep you in my prayers, Please make a new start in Canada; and make God part of your life. If you trust Him, he won't let you down!"
Steve nodded in agreement, saying, "Well, I guess there's no harm in trying that," he said. They hugged before he left.
"Are you still there, ma'am?" the 911 operator asked.
"Yes, yes I'm here," Kelly replied as she hid in the hallway near the restrooms. She wondered how she would get to New York, and thought about seeing her dad and friends again. The prospect of going to a large, crowded city had suddenly lost its appeal. She wished she could go home to Westfield and sleep in her own room with her pets, Daisy and Bailey. She wanted to hang out with Jan and Cindy. She wanted to feel safe again.

She watched out the window as Steve, or whatever his real name was, got into the cab of a large tractor trailer. The engine roared as the enormous truck pulled out of the parking lot and headed towards the main highway, heading north. She prayed that Steve would get to Canada safely, and make a fresh start in his life, letting God be a part of it.
She was just responding to the 911 operator when suddenly she saw Sam enter the diner. She told the operator that her captor was back, and she had to go hide. She hung up and slid behind the wall. She peeked out carefully and saw Sam standing at the end of the lunch counter, scanning the restaurant. Her heart pounded wildly and she closed her eyes, seeking prayer.
The waitress returned, carrying a plate of food. When she saw the empty booth, she looked around and spotted Kelly.
"What's wrong, honey? You look like you’ve seen a ghost!" said the waitress.
Kelly was terrified.
"It's that man!…The one standing near the cash register! He tried to kidnap me! I called the police and I'm waiting for them to come and get me!"
The waitress' face clouded. She put down the plate and came toward her.
"Hon, you go into the ladies' restroom," she said, "I'll keep an eye on him for you. Don't worry… he won't try anything while I'm around. I'll let you know when it's safe to come out!"
Kelly fled into the restroom. It had only one toilet, so she felt grateful that it was not occupied. She locked the door and leaned against the back of the door, breathing hard, and heart pounding in her ears.
The waitress sauntered out into the diner and approached Sam.
"Why don't you sit down, Sugar? And I'll bring you a nice hot cup of coffee."
Sam ignored her question and said, "I'm meeting some friends here. Did you see a young guy, about 19, with red hair, and a young girl with him about the same age?"
The waitress shook her head, "Can't say I have. You want coffee?"
She looked at him wide-eyed, chewing her gum.
Sam looked around once more at the crowded restaurant, and then shook his head.
"No thanks. I'll wait for them in my car."
He turned and left the diner. The waitress watched through the window as he walked over to his car and got in.
Next, she saw a Sheriff's car pull into the parking lot near the front door. Two deputies got out and headed toward the front door.
When Sam saw the Sheriff's squad car pull into the parking lot, he decided to leave. He pulled out of the lot and headed toward the highway.
As soon as the police entered the diner, the waitress approached them.
She asked, "Are you two here about a girl who says somebody kidnapped her?"
"Yes, we are."
"She's hiding in the ladies room! The kidnapper just walked out of here! There he goes in his car, right over there!" she said, pointing to the dark green car speeding away.
One deputy said to the other, "I'm on it!"
The other deputy followed the waitress to the restroom where she knocked on the door and called, "Honey! You can come out now! That man's gone and there's a deputy here who wants to see you!"
Kelly opened the door an inch and peeked out. Thankfully, a deputy in uniform was standing next to the plump waitress.
Kelly turned to the waitress, "Thank you so much! You're an angel!"
The waitress beamed, stroking her arm. “You’re welcome, sweetie.   
The deputy asked, "Are you Kelly Carlson?"
"Yes! I’m the one who called 911!"
The deputy smiled, "Yes, Ma'am! We've been looking all over for you! Come with me and I'll take you to the Sheriff's office. I believe your father is there waiting for you."
Covering her mouth, Kelly heaved a sigh of relief and went with the deputy. A few people stared as they watched them pass.
Before leaving the restaurant, she stopped to speak to the waitress.
"Thank you for helping me. What's your name?"
"Oh, I'm just Annie."
"I'll never forget you, Annie!" said Kelly, "Here's the money for the food."
Kelly handed her all the money she had left, about twice as much as the bill.
"Oh, that's too much!" Annie protested.
"Keep it, Annie! If I had more, I'd give it to you, but that's all I have with me."
"Oh, that's all right, honey! I'm glad everything turned out all right! I hope the cops get that guy!"
Kelly thanked her again and the deputy helped her to the car. 
The younger deputy appeared and  told them he had called in the model and plate number of Sam's car.
"We'll get him, don't you worry," the older deputy assured her.
"I just want to see my Dad," Kelly said, "He's at the Sheriff's office?"
"Yes, Ma'am," replied the younger man, "I called in and reported that we found you. He's waiting for you."
"Thank God!" Kelly sighed.
It was over.

As soon as Kelly entered the Sheriff’s office, her father hugged her so tightly she could hardly breathe. They both wiped tears from their eyes, and sat down in Sheriff Hogan's office in soft chairs. A deputy brought her a bottle of water and a snack. She wasn't really hungry, but she was very thirsty.
After drinking some water, Kelly told the Sheriff everything that had happened from the time she saw Sam on the train. She told how he had left his wallet on the seat, and when she tried to return it, he took her prisoner. The police asked if he had an accomplice. Kelly admitted that there was another man who had helped her escape. She explained how Sam had threatened to turn him in to the hotel manager if he didn't do as he was told. She said that he hitched a ride on the highway after leaving her at the diner.
"He was very kind to me, Dad," Kelly said, "If it weren't for him, I'd still be a prisoner. His partner called him Steve, but he said that wasn’t his real name. I never did learn it.”
She assured everyone that she wasn't harmed and was treated well. Her father looked at her ankle and said that it was mildly sprained. A woman deputy brought a First Aid kit and wrapped her ankle in a bandage.  
Kelly asked about the ransom money.
Her father explained.
"As soon as your call came in to 911 the Sheriff was notified, and we cancelled the transfer of the four million dollars to that account. The Sheriff has filed paperwork to ask the Mexican police to arrest the man who owns the account if he ever comes to that bank again, but I doubt that he will."
Kelly had to sign a copy of her statement, and then was told she was free to go. She was told that after Sam was caught, she would have to return to identify him, and she agreed to do that. The Sheriff brought out Kelly's things that she had left on the train and gave them to her. Her father put them into his rental car while Kelly changed out of her hunting clothes. As they were starting to leave, Sheriff Hogan spoke to Kelly and her dad.
"It looks like we caught your abductor. They're bringing him in now. I'd appreciate it if you could stay and identify him as the right man."
Kelly agreed and waited nervously. Her father kept asking her if she felt all right.
"I'm fine, Dad. I just want to get this over with and go home. Is there any way we can go home to Westfield? I know Grandma and Grandpa are expecting me, but right now, I just want to go home."
"I understand, and so will your grandparents. We'll fly home on their private plane. I'll call the pilot and let him know that we're ready to fly home now."
Kelly smiled thankfully and watched her father make the call to her grandparents. They insisted on speaking to her and told her that their prayers had been answered. Kelly promised to visit them soon.
 The sound of an engine grew louder through the window as the deputy's car pulled up. Two deputies got out and took Sam from the back seat. His hands were handcuffed behind his back.
Kelly was escorted into another room along with her father. From its small window they could see into another room that had a table and two chairs. Sam was seated at the table, and the deputies stood beside him.
Sheriff Hogan came into the small room and asked Kelly, "He can't see you through this window. Is this the man who took you off the train and kept you prisoner in a cabin all night?"
She nodded her head, "Yes, that's him! That's Sam!"
The Sheriff nodded and said that they were free to leave. Sam would be charged with kidnapping and attempted assault. Sheriff Hogan wrote down the location of the cabin Sam had used, and he sent the crime scene technicians to investigate it. He also put out a bulletin to all police about Sam's young accomplice, Steve.
When Mr. Carlson walked Kelly out of the Sheriff's office, he told her,
"Our pilot said he'll meet us at the airport in twenty minutes. We should be home in time for dinner!"

Epilogue

The last notes from the church choir and chamber orchestra echoed throughout the church. The building was packed with people, enjoying the beautiful, inspiring music on Christmas Eve.
Kelly stood among the choir, wearing a long white robe with a red collar. The choir stood for the final carol. The church lights were dimmed, and everyone lit their candles. The organ began to play "Silent Night".
Kelly felt especially emotional this Christmas. She was overflowing with gratitude that she was here to share this special moment. The holiday wreaths, the Christmas tree decked in twinkling white lights, and the glowing candles warmed her heart and filled her eyes with tears. She watched her father up on the altar, singing along with the congregation. It was a moment she would never forget.
The quiet beauty and sacred atmosphere of the church filled her with gratitude for all the miracles she had received. She thought about the maid who had been there to save her from Sam when he tried to capture her at the hotel. She was grateful for the security guards who kept her safe while she stayed there. And even when she was held prisoner at the cabin, no one harmed her. Steve had a change of heart, and helped her to escape. The waitress at the truck stop was there to protect her until the deputies came. Kelly thought of each of them as angels that God had put into her life at just the right moment. 
Dad was right, she thought, when he said that we all face problems in our lives. But when we are the most desperate, God is there with us...sending us angels, making miracles, and sustaining our faith in Him. Angels are everywhere if we just look for them, she thought. 
After the service, Kelly, her father, and her brother Brian, and his fiancée, Ann, all drove back to Kelly's house. Brian and Ann had come from Boston to stay for three days.
Christmas morning had brought a gentle snowfall. Trees and rooftops were laden with thick snow. Occasionally, a snow plow rumbled past the house. Church bells rang in the distance. Inside the living room, a warm fire bathed the room in amber light. 
Kelly’s family enjoyed a holiday brunch and exchanged gifts. Later in the afternoon, Jan and Cindy arrived carrying Christmas presents. Snowflakes were falling more heavily, and the neighborhood was blanketed in thick, white snow.
The girls sat in the living room next to the Christmas tree while Kelly's family sat at in the dining room talking.
"Oh, it's beautiful!" Kelly cried as she opened a box with a lovely scarf. She tried it on.
"That color looks great on you," Jan remarked.
Kelly hugged Cindy and thanked her. Cindy opened her own gift from Kelly.
"A cookbook! You know how I love to cook! Thanks!" she cried, hugging Kelly.
Jan and Kelly exchanged their gifts. Kelly had given Jan some new ski gloves and Jan gave Kelly some jewelry.
"I can never have too much jewelry," Kelly remarked, "Thank you!!"
"When are you leaving to visit your grandparents?" asked Jan.
"Tomorrow morning. We'll spend the rest of this week in New York and fly back on Saturday."
"Have you recovered from your ordeal?" Cindy asked.
Kelly nodded, "Yes. I'm fine now."
Kelly told them that the Sheriff had called to say that Sam was in jail awaiting trial and that Steve had not been found. 
"Man, that must have been terrifying," Jan remarked, "I suppose your dad will never let you go on another trip with us."
"We talked about it," Kelly said, "He said I can go on trips with you as long as we stay together. And he said from now on he'll book the hotel in your names instead of mine. Of course, it won't cost you anything. But he said I'd be safer if I didn't tell anyone my real last name."
"Oh, you'll go incognito!" Cindy cried, "Like a secret agent!"
Kelly laughed, "Yeah, right!"
"Then let's start planning our next trip!" Cindy suggested, "Spring break will be coming up soon. Where should we go?"
"Myrtle Beach!" Jan cried.
"What about Disney World?" asked Jan. "They have beaches there! And thrill rides! And sports! Lots of sports!"
"And," Kelly smiled, "A Carlson five-star resort on Disney property. It sounds like a great idea! I'll ask Dad to make some reservations for us…but under your names!"


The End


Other books by C. Metzinger available on Smashwords
Playing to Win
Five talented teenage girls have beaten out the toughest competition on the television show, "America's Best Band" and are facing the semi-finals. Their rock band, Nightingale, has won every week since they started the competition, but will their luck hold? Throughout it all, the girls still manage to have fun and find a little romance. But someone is out to sabotage their chances of winning. Will the final round end up in disaster or victory?

