







Son of Hades: The Awakening
By
Irene Autumn












Son of Hades: The Awakening is a work of fiction.  Any resemblance of characters, names, places, or incidents to reality is pure coincidence.

Son of Hades: The Awakening
E-Book Copyright ©2014 by Tisha Perkins

Cover Art
Copyright © 2014 by Tisha Perkins

All Rights Reserved


http://ireneautumn.com/


Find me on Facebook: Irene Autumn

Contents
Prologue 	4
Chapter One	15
Chapter Two	21
Chapter Three	35
Chapter Four	39
Chapter Five	43
Chapter Six	52
Chapter Seven	65
Chapter Eight	75
Chapter Nine	84
Chapter Ten	92
Chapter Eleven	99
Chapter Twelve 	109
Chapter Thirteen	117
Chapter Fourteen	125
Chapter Fifteen	130
Chapter Sixteen	142
Chapter Seventeen	148
Chapter Eighteen	156
Chapter Nineteen	161
Chapter Twenty	172
Chapter Twenty-One	180
Chapter Twenty-Two	193
Chapter Twenty- Three	201
Chapter Twenty-Four	210
Chapter Twenty-Five	225
Chapter Twenty-Six	237
Chapter Twenty-Seven	243
Chapter Twenty-Eight	248
Chapter Twenty-Nine	256








Prologue 

Between summer and fall

The tradeoff between autumn to winter had begun.  My mother stood stoically as she starred down Grandmother Demeter, the older having the talent of sneer not just in her smile but in her dark shining eyes.  The dark pools held a special disdain for this ceremonial passing of light into darkness.
“What is the meaning of this?” my mother challenges, her voice a solid sturdy bell reverberating through me.
“A compromise,” Grandmother gestures to Lorelei, a dressed up doll in frills and lace, an over exaggeration of a human girl.  Lorelei sits with a grin across her angelic face; the round curls did little to hide her demonic aura from me.
Mother’s lips press firmly and deepen the sadness in her eyes as she looks from Grandmother and back to me.  Lorelei swings her feet as she sits propped up in the chair, her ruffles and lace an extravagant show of affection Grandmother insisted upon whenever she saw her. I stood beside Lorelei obediently.  Lorelei’s eyes were dreamy as she nods her head to the tune of music no one else can hear.   
“Mother, if you’ve done anything to Roaden, Hades will . . .” my mother’s voice is heavy and weighs on my chest as no other sound in the world could.  I feel the darkness spike briefly to the surface and threaten to boil over.  Lorelei giggles and leans closet to me.  She loves all things dark and bitter.  I force my anger back down.  As mother always said, “This isn’t about you Roaden.  It isn’t your fight.”
It felt very much like my fight, especially when it does seem to affect me.
“Persephone,” Grandmother is worn out as well; her goddess glow was dimming as was the light in her eyes.  It made her even bitterer.  “I haven’t done anything to Roaden.  I’ve saved him and some poor girl who would be his victim, a lot of grief.  He is his father’s son. Venom in his veins, I am not blind to the monster he has raging inside.  I have given him relief from it.  A companion who will never leave him.  It’s what you wanted.”
I felt a twinge of betrayal.  My mother wanted someone arranged for me?  She believed I had venom in my veins?  I look at her, and her frailty stings me as she refuses to make eye contact.
“Roaden?” Grandmother summons me.  Obediently my legs begin to move to her before my mind knows what I’m doing.  I bow and wait for her to speak.  “Is it evil what your father has done to your mother?”
I stumble in my mind as I play out the conversations between my father and mother.  She was half of his everything.  That was not evil.  It was fair.  “No.”
“See,” Grandmother points to me.  “If he doesn’t know the difference then he’ll do it too.  Nothing will stop him.”
“This is not what I wanted.”  My mother rises from her chair and looks down at Grandmother.  The light from the fire haloes my mother’s form and she is a stunning perfect.  “Roaden isn’t what you think.”  
“He won’t kidnap some girl like a thief?  He won’t lose control of his heart and obsess over someone he can never have as his father did?”  Grandmother smiles.  “He won’t now.  I’ve locked him in for his own good only I took into account your concerns and allowed him one to co-exist with him.  I say this to you boy, Your face, a veil only known in death, only a heart of true love looking back at you will know you but no other will, no other will you be able to obtain.  Your heart will know no other.”
Mother gasps.  The words release into the air and I fall to my knees in burning pain.  I feel my skin pull back, tissue thin evaporating in the dim light of the goddess glow surrounding me.  My muscle and flesh recede and attempting to cling to the bone as it goes forces out all breath from my body. I feel my clothing hang on me but do not feel the smoothness of fabric or the soft velvet against my arms.  I look down at my skeleton hands.  The shocking white of my bone fingers.  I freeze as my mind unravels what has just happened.  Lorelei sighs and breaks my trance.  
“True love,” Lorelei breathes out.  “I can still see you.”
“Mother,” my mother’s gasps and steps towards me.  I let her help me to my feet.  I feel lighter in my new body  . . . and then I touch my chest.  My bone finger taps the ribcage.  My chest is empty.  Completely empty.  The absence of my heart beating chills me.  I carefully restore my stoic stance.  I don’t want Grandmother to see me shaken.
	True love?  A cruel joke.  I scoffed, trying not to drown in the hole my fate has thrown me into.  Trying not to let Lorelei see my displeasure as a smile cracks her face and slides from ear to ear.
Grandmother has done worse than death with the curse she places upon me.
Grandmother smiles at me, her darkness swirling in her eyes, dark infinity looking back down at me.   Her words a final nail to my coffin.  No one seeks death for love.  They only want to be free of themselves. I already knew this from the mortals that beg at my father’s door.  “He will never leave death to walk the land of living.  Time will catch up and grab hold of him turning him to ash.”
Mother is frozen in place.  If I touch her she will shatter, I’m sure of it.  Grandmother’s mood creates ice along my bare bones, the sheen of frost crystalizing.  I do not waiver or show any emotion.  It was the least I could do as her ability to control the seasons was repelling me.  Me.  The son of death.  The inheritor of ash and darkness.
Lorelei laughs and runs to me.  She bats her long lashes that were primly curled and smiles.  “I love you Roaden.  I can see you. It’s me isn’t it?  I’m your true love.”  I didn’t breathe.  Lorelei could always see me.  Her eyes sought out morbid curiosities, her talent for stalking inside someone’s dreams always brought her to my side.  She was the shadow I never wanted, not even complete darkness snuffed her out, only consumed me with the scent and tight crushing grip around my throat and wait for her teeth to graze across my skin.  Is this why Grandmother had fond over Lorelei so completely all these years?  Was she really just primping and priming her to be my ideal second half?
Mother touched my cheek and our eyes locked. “Only the humans who fear their own death will be afraid,” she whispered and warmth rushed to me.  I could feel the conflict that sat so heavily in the room before, rush through me now.  They were two goddesses working against each other.  One with a curse the other bestowing a blessing.
Mother was not strong enough to override Grandmother.  I glanced at grandmother, she was extremely upright and tight, her smile a tight strain across her face.  She doesn’t like this altercation to her curse but she loves my mother more than she hates me.
I feel my face, and sighed inwardly when I realize I’m touching flesh again.  Lorelei draws an invisible line down my jaw with the tip of her finger.  I see her desire and feel my heart clinch as it slowly regains its normal pulse.  A realization uncurls in me and all other lights go out.
I had to take care of her; I realize it then as her smile reveals a flash of sharp teeth and I catch glimpses of when she was at her most devious.  We were both Grandmother’s victims.  Lorelei was probably worse off because she had always wanted me and Grandmother probably told her she would make it so.
“Perfect,” Grandmother smiles at Lorelei.
My mother takes me by the arm and pulls me to the side.  She is smiling but the tears in her eyes still drop from her face, kissing mine as they landed, it felt like spring, like mist in the morning.  She hugs me tightly and I inhale her scent, scent of fresh rain and freshly cut grass floating on the wave of a breeze, never the less, I become an unbendable board in her embrace.  I am too old for her to fall over me.
“Things will be better for you than this,” she whispers in my hair her breath warms me against Grandmother’s assault of cold.
“Mother,” I push her back slightly without leaving the circle of her arms I look up at her.  “You don’t have to protect me.  I know she hates me.  I know she sees him when she looks at me.”
“I’m late,” Payce announces, swaggering in the rush of wind bolsters behind him clearing the stagnate heat and chill in the air.  Lorelei runs to him and throws her arms around his neck. He smiles but catches my eye and quickly detaches himself from her.
“Payce you smell delicious!”  Lorelei leans in and licks his cheek.  “Like lilacs and ocean breeze!”
“As usual,” Grandmother grumbles ignoring Lorelei.  “From the god of speed and yet you are always late.”
“My sincerest apologies.” Payce’s smile is tilted and his black eyes glint with the reflection of the moon.  “I didn’t realize your goodbyes were so time sensitive.”
Demeter ignores him and she looks at my mother instead.  “I’ll see you next spring.”
Mother doesn’t answer her.
Payce escorts us below the earth, below time and beyond reality.  Lorelei is a constant ramble of words, some coherent but not all as she grabs his arm for support.  My mother walks close behind them.  Her face hidden from me in her long red hair, I couldn’t tell what she was thinking and it was beginning to concern me.  I wonder if I would hear my father’s voice raise and roll like thunder tonight when he heard what Grandmother has done.
Part of me thinks maybe he won’t care.  He is tired as well and much older than my mother.
“Roaden and I will be together forever!” Lorelei gleefully announces.  Payce manages to keep his smile from disappearing.  We all walk to the clickety click made by Lorelei’s heels.
“Is that so?”  He asks.
“Yes,” Lorelei hugs his arm and leans herself into him, crushing her puffy dress along his side. “Don’t be jealous Payce.  He and I were always meant to be.  We started out together with one heart and we will live inside of it together forever.”
“I see,” Payce sounds less sure.  He stole another look back at me and I shake my head.
“When we get married, will you come?” Lorelei asks.  “It will be a church yard wedding.  I want a horse and buggy to drive us away to our honeymoon.”
“Lorel,” Mother speaks up.  “That isn’t what Grandmother meant.”
“It’s naturally the next step,” Lorelei decides ignoring her as her mind continues with the lunacy.  “I sure hope the dead maple blooms and swoons in the wind.  I love its scent when it’s crying.”
Lorelei’s coherent moment passes and she is back to rambling phrases and words.
	


The Following Spring

“Roaden!” Payce - a whirlwind of frost and dust as he comes to a stop and falling to his knees. “I just found out.  I’m so sorry.  Your mother, god I had no idea.”
I kneel down and touch his shoulder.  Silently he sits, wiping his eyes with the back of his sleeves trembling with each breath.  “I knew something had happened.  The dead roots were unsettled, scratching and clawing when I ran through the woods.  You heritage lingers in mysterious ways above ground.  Whether Demeter likes it or not you have your mother in you as well.”
“The dead roots are moving?” I had not realized I was acting out.  I took a deep breath and filled my lungs with the damp underworld.  The cold brush made my ribs ache and I exhaled my tension.  I swelled in the fire, the crisp smell of burning leaves and followed with the brisk ache of winter’s isolation.  I felt the calm of time and stillness replaces my grief and realigned myself.  I saw death all day in all types.  My mother was not different.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t know how else to reach you.  I didn’t realize the trouble it was causing.  I lost control.”
“Roaden,” Payce shakes his head at me with annoyance. “She was your mother.”
“She is in a better place,” I tell him my voice is lost on the air and I feel myself pulling down again.  I struggle to keep control.  My mother is in a better place.  She is free.  Free of life, free of grandmother’s demands and free of me.  “Demeter?”
“She has to already know.  She’ll probably follow,” Payce sighs.  “She knew something was up when you started working your way through the ground with dead vines.”
We rose up.  I would need to be more careful, if ever I found myself in this position again. . .  Carelessness.
“It was difficult but I found it,” Payce interrupts my thoughts; his dark hair fell across his face creating a constant shadow. “I don’t think you should be doing this.”
“I don’t have a better idea.” I confess.  We stand outside Lorelei’s bedroom.  Her voice infiltrates the still air in her lamenting tune with a muses chime.  Her voice would woe sailors off a cliff.
“Here,” Payce pulls out the small palm sized vile and hands it to me.  I weigh it in my hand the warmth of its content confirm its origin.  With most of the elder gods gone finding their trinkets and gifts were becoming more and more difficult.  “There’s just enough in there to do the trick.  Please reconsider and don’t go with her.”
“She’s my responsibility.” I say as I have repeated to myself a hundred times before.  I know it is the right thing to do.  He nods his dark head.
“I’ll check on you,” he promises.
I watch him as he disappears in a rush, dust trailing behind him as his father’s swiftness of foot is also his own.  Payce, always running to something, tonight, he is running away.  He doesn’t want to witness this.
I step up to her door and knock on the thick wood.  Lorelei’s haunting melody stops, leaving eeriness in its place.  Lorelei opens the door a crack, her eyes encircled in black and lids doused in silver, her eyes widen as she spots me.
“It’s not right to see the bride before the wedding day,” she whispers.  My heart sinks but I smile at her anyway.
“I have something for you.” I offer her the small vile.  She opens the door wide and pulls me in.  Her long white night gown flows around her; it’s simplicity a far cry from her usual baby doll attire.  The look of her older form turns my stomach.
“What is it?” she tries to take the vile from me and I hold it over her head.
She pouts and fire flashes across her eyes.  “Do you want a trade?”
“A trade?” I smile as she eyes her over size bed.  “I don’t think that would be very gentlemanly of me.”
“What is it?” she whispers.  I tangle my hand into hers and lead her to the bed.
“Lie down and close your eyes.” I order.  Pulling me down with her, I anchor myself
on my side careful to keep my gift out of her reach.
“Roaden!” She bites her lip.   She looks me over as I wait for her.  “Kiss me and I’ll do it.”
“The first kiss is to happen at the altar.” I tell her, this I had promised her.  But her eyes have gone from daring to suspicious.  I lean down and brush my mouth against her cheek, steadily trace up to her nose and breathe onto her lips, careful not to touch.  I had to prove my moral now more than ever.  I didn’t want to be my father.  Not the monster I grew up hearing about.   I would prove grandmother wrong.  If Lorelei and I were cursed to be together forever, let it be on my own terms.
Lorelei grins, her long black hair a river across her white silk pillow as I stain it with my intentions.   Trusting me with her life she closes her eyes.  Together we descend into her picturesque madness.


	




Chapter One
Present Day

	The wind rolls, carrying with it the leaves and the lost laughter of the now deceased haunting the earth.  I enter under twilight, the gray area when I can exist in the world above ground to walk along the wall that houses Drear.  I drag the talon around my finger across the stone, leaving one of a thousand marks I’ve left before.  The scratch chills my bone and tears through the silence to remind them I’m still here.  I keep a loyal vigil and wait.  Someday the Drear family will make a mistake and they will be mine and they will pay.  All of them.
I feel the life drain out of my limbs as my curse comes to surface.  The bone of my face, a skeleton, is hard and without feeling.  The curse Demeter placed on me; this was my appearance so all the living would know who I was and would run.  Only my true love bent the curse, a joke by Demeter.  My true love, the most twisted goddess alive.  Mostly alive.  
My heart took the brunt of the venom from Grandmother Demeter’s words.  It feels very little.  Not even for my ‘true love’.  I choose to practice human behavior.  I do this in memory of my mother.  She was the only one who loved me.  She cared about the living, about their spirits.  A dull ache momentarily surfaces in my chest.  Maybe a few left over emotions still linger.
The whirl of autumn overtakes me and smothers out spring to singe my heart.  My mother always returned to us as Fall set in and Demeter drained the world of light and life.
The world is still locked in the cycle, even though her masters are gone.  I watch the sun disappear and the night yawns overhead.  This was when the coffins were released, under the darkness from the town of Drear.  As expected, the back gate to the Drear Community opens and two black cars roll out.   The long hearse with tinted windows silently drives to the cemetery across town,  a few guards from Drear riding alongside on motorcycles.   What did not get turn to ash was buried far from the community in a bed of cement.
“It won’t walk out,” the familiar voice whispers.  I turn to the voice.  Deter standing in the road, slight smile always present.  “They won’t walk out or walk away.”
“They seal their dead,” I frown.  “Even the ones that die naturally, they still seal them as though a word would escape and the truth might break free.  They want to make sure there is no necromancer who could draw information from their dead.”
“A lot of closed communities practice this,” Deter walks up, dressed in fine gentlemen clothing tailored to fit his tall 6’3” form and leaning on a cane giving the impression of the wear and tears of life, but it is an illusion, I know better.  I trained him since I found him over sixty years ago.  Deter is perfectly lethal.  He is also my most trusted.
“Dr. Drear has something to hide.” I shake my head at Deter’s simplicity.  I know Deter is aware of the children in the basement.  The lost memories of the dead trapped in isolation, unable to tell me their torment.  They are trapped in on the other side in the land of the dead.  I feel a boiling inside my chest rushing to the surface fogging my vision . . . 
“Calm yourself sir,” Deter urges and I notice a dark shadow flowing from me as my frustration mounts.  Anger is an emotion I seem capable of holding onto as well.  I take a deep breath and center myself to regain control.  The last thing I want is to drain the life of the surrounding area, trees or animals in hibernation wouldn’t stand a chance.
“Perhaps it’s the living we need to watch for instead,” Deter offers.  His voice low and gravelly as his age had finally started to catch up with him.
“The Fold does not interfere unless a case warrants itself,” I remind him as the weight of the truth bows my will.  The Fold had delicate relations and I fought to keep them steady.
“Understood,” Deter looks down at my skeleton hands.  I cover them with gloves.  “Then perhaps you should leave here.  Leave Drear to its own demise.”
“I can’t,” I growl.  Deter’s brows rise up on his forehead in question.  I ignore him and tighten the scarf over my face.  Deter is use to my appearance, I cover myself out of it habit.  The younger Fold members were still not use to me, or my appearance.  Where Deter was, another human usually follows close behind.  “I can’t leave them without any hope.”
I stop and turn from Deter.  Deter knows all of this.  He’s pressing me on purpose.  He knows there is something else.
I shake my head and start walking away and a familiar string starts to tighten around my chest, growing taught the further away I get.  Damn.
What is this?  Something about the invisible pull made me hunger for the warmth of night.  It was softer, no anger or death it was the illusive dream that leaps out of sleep’s eyes just before one awakes.  I couldn’t tell Deter that.  I couldn’t tell anyone.  I was afraid it was the beginnings of my father’s sin breathing inside me.
“It won’t let me.  I’m pulled here.  Something here won’t let me walk away.  It’s stronger now than it has ever been.”  I can be honest about this.  “The dead want closure and I can’t find it for them outside these walls.”
“They are the dead.  Damned and withheld indefinitely.”  Deter reminds me. “They have no will, no desire, no pain.  That is a reflection of yourself you are placing on them.”
This is true.
“They are my responsibility,” I remind him.  I feel a since of failure when I look at their faces.  Men should not know how to seal the dead.  Only a spiteful nymph or god would tell them how to do this.
All this came to pass while I was sleeping.  This was my fault.  I had to make it right.
Deter joins me, his even strides match his calm self-assure nature.  Age does this to men.  It settles in their bones and aches with the turn of the seasons.  It fills their lungs with longing and when their time comes, they go to it because eternity is already whispering the muse’s enchantment there is more beyond this life.  I can hear the muse calling to Deter.  It puts me on edge.
“Obsessed is a better word.  Do you think Lorelei could have something to do with it?”  Deter pulls my attention back to the present.
“I don’t know,” I admit.  Lorelei.  Hearing her name made my heart sink.  Another failure.  Where are you? The question is a constant shadow to my soul.  
“You’ll find her.”
“I’m not sure I can make this right.” I admit to Deter.  I admit to myself.  “I’m not sure I can do this.”
“Then don’t make it about making it right.” Deter replies with a deepness that reminds me of my father.  “Don’t make this about yourself especially if it’s yourself you doubt.”
I feel a slight release of tension.  It’s strange to have sensations like a tightness in my chest when I don’t have any muscles that can actually tighten.  Phantom limb pains I had supposed.  I watch the dark entourage of Drear’s death march disappear down the road.  I cursed Drear.  The demon in a man’s skin.  One day the door will be open and I take Drear the depths of hell and back until time runs out on both of us.  
I feel a sadness unfold in my heart.  It drips a tear that douses my rage.  This is the other thing.  The thing I can’t explain.  The thing that originally brought me here.  I wonder . . . 
“I have to get back.  My time is almost up.” I didn’t wait for his response, I leave. I don’t want to think of anything outside my goals.  Find Lorelei.  Find the secret to release the tortured souls of Drear and turn to dust.  As I reach Hades and cross the river Styx to the labyrinth of my home, my collections of forgotten decayed churches, buildings on top of buildings I still feel the connection to Drear, stronger this year than the last.  A small ember that was becoming a fire I want to be consumed by.






Chapter Two

“You won’t believe what that Rune kid from our third period said to me.” Calista scoffs.  I smile at her as we make our way to a side hall so slip out less known door and by so doing, avoid all the student traffic as people clutter up the halls.  “He asked if I’ve ever heard of Gratter’s?  I’m like, yeah the best non-kept secret in Drear.”
“If he was really everything people said he was, they’d have shut him down already.” I tell her.
“Maybe,” Calista shrugs.  “Maybe they don’t have the proof yet.  Can’t just burst in on a rumor.  Can we?  You do know this school is his?  No one here is going to fully admit they fear your dad.  Don’t be naïve.”
“No,” I frown at her as she forces me to defend the community with my family name.  I had not thought about it.  “Of course not.”
“The school in the west, Bree High, can’t stand the people here.  Not just because of the money.”  Calista smiles looking down at my weakness.  “We should mingle with them sometime.  Get you dressed in every day clothes and take you for a spin with the common folk.”
“I don’t think so,” I felt the blood rush to my face at the idea of all the new faces.  All the new faces that hated my father.  “I would be crucified.”
“Do you really care?”  Calista sighs, her eyes staring through her long bangs.
“I care about other people’s feelings.  I care what people think,” I admit.  They say not to, to be your own person but that’s a bunch of crap.  “A collective group of pissed off people with me to focus on?  Not a fun idea to me.”
“I kind of want to know what the appeal is,” she confesses, her secret on a soft cloud of cold that disappeared instantly in the air.  I wanted to know too. “The guy has to have something going on.  A lot of people talk about him, all walks of life too not just the burn outs.”
As we approached the doors, a man in jeans and a t shirt starts loading a vending machine with sodas.  We walk around and just as we open the door, I see Calista smiling as she holds her freshly swiped soda in her hand.
I ignore her and take in the fresh air.  The Garden Lily, dedicated to a great aunt of mine who passed away from the same incurable illness I have, is spread out in front of us and we cut through, walking over the mini hedge maze to get to the other side.
“I’d buy you one,” I mumble.  “I can’t believe you are so into karma and all that stuff about ‘people get what they deserve’ but you’ll steal without batting an eye.”
“Karma has already made me her bitch,” Calista playfully points out.  “That whore can’t do anything else to me now.”
I felt my heart lodge in my throat and I tried to think of a way to approach the conversation I knew we needed to have.  This was it, the best time.  Calista left the door open and I needed to not be a coward and just ask.
“Cali,” I sound like I’m whining.  Not a good start.  Calista’s eyes flash at hearing her old nickname we used when we were kids.  Oh crap.
“Don’t,” she growls.  “Don’t you call me that.  Sounds like a little kid’s name.”
“I just want . . .”
“What?  Nosey about how crappy my life got when we were thrown out of the community by your dad?”  She bit her lower and lip and turns away, rolling up all the thunder and pushing it back down inside her Pandora box of secrets.  She twists the cap off her soda and takes a long drink.
What do I really want?  I want my friend back.  It took a second but then the full impact of the statement hit me.  She thinks my dad threw her family out?	
“Dad has no control over who stays or goes,” I tell her.
“What the hell?”  Calista stops in front of me and points to the statue of my great aunt in the garden.  “You are not so stupid.  Your dad owns Drear.  Your name is Drear.  If he wants someone to disappear, they’re gone.”
“If that was true then how would you have gotten back in?” I countered.
“I’ve been wondering that myself.” Calista breathes out.  “I wonder about a lot of things.”
“Look, I don’t want to argue with you.  Why would he want you gone?  You were my best friend,” I tried grasping at something to save our sinking conversation, our barely their friendship – whatever it was.  “I just missed you.  I don’t know what happened.  But if you want to talk about it.”
“You live in a doll house with everything you could want but you missed being my friend?”  Calista smirks and a spark lit up in her eyes.  “You might be more pathetic then me.”
“Maybe,” I sigh, relieved the old Calista seems to rise up again.  I wonder about dad.  I wonder about what happen.  Calista’s sister was a patient of my fathers.  Maybe he couldn’t save her.  “I am sorry.”
“Jesus,” Calista put her head down, squeezing the bridge of her nose.  “Don’t be sorry.  Just be who you really are.”
“I am who I am.” I feel like we’re talking in circles . . . again.  “Why can’t you just say what you mean?”
“I do princess,” she looks up at me.
“No,” I shook my head and my defiance makes Calista look at me, really look at me.  “And I don’t know you but I’m still your friend.”
“Wow,” she raises both her thin brows.  “We just did some kind of like Hallmark card moment.”
“How am I not being myself?” I ask.
“Have you ever seen a zombie?” she asks abruptly.	
“What? Don’t change the subject.” I sigh.  This was ridiculous.  There have never been zombies inside Drear.  We are a safe community.
“I’m not changing the subject,” Calista frowns down at me.  She looks around us and bites the inside of her cheek.  I notice we’re standing in a more secluded part of the memorial, hidden by the large oak my great aunt liked to read under.  That’s why they built the park memorial around it.  A cold passes us and Calista looks up at me, her eyes darker than just the mascara circling them.
“Forget it,” she mumbles.  She sets her bag and soda down and removes the auburn pendant from her blouse.  “Here.”
I look down at her hand and the pin sits dead in her hand.  My heart seems to lift up in my chest as I look up at her.
“I see you looking at it,” she shrugs.  “I was something from ‘outside’.  I didn’t steal it.  It was given to me.”
“Calista,” I step back.  I want the pin.  I can’t explain why I just do.
“I know I’m a crappy person so just take it, ok.” She extends her hand and the pin sets fire as sun catches it.  I take it and feel the warmth in my hand.
“Thanks,” I close my hand around the chill and slide it in my pocket.  I glance at Calista and see her cold eyes.
“Don’t thank me.” She picks up her bag and soda and we start walking again.
“So, what are you going to do with lover boy?” She asks and the question stings.
“I don’t know,” I tell her and pull my jacket closer around me tapping the gift in my pocket.
“Sera,” Calista sighs and looks beyond the golden trees and tall proud houses.  “If you believe I’m capable of being your friend then listen to me, Bryan and Jasmine are doing more than talking.  I hear she’s all over him when they’re out.  Gratter’s is more than talking to the dead, its freedom.  It’s music that doesn’t get to come over the wall.  Its about books that aren’t available and you won’t find on the internet because the internet here is policed.  It’s contact with other communities.  Jasmine represents all the things Bryan wants.  Finding out what happened to his sister means finding a way past the walls and talking to necro whisperers.”
An image of a tall dark figure with googly eyes and toothless grin comes to mind.  I didn’t know why I had such a poor opinion of necromancers.  Maybe my father did have more influence on me then I realize.
“I support him finding the truth.”  I state. This was sounding more and more like the arguments Bryan and I were having.
“You could just end this you know,” Calista’s smile turns to a smirk. “Just report them.  Tell your dad everything.  Gratter will disappear, just like all undesirables.”
“That’s stupid,” I felt the heat slowly rise up.  I had thought about it.  I had wondered what would happen.  I just wanted Bryan back to his old self.  “I may not agree with it but I’m not going to take it away from other people who are clearly desperate for help.”
“Then go and support him,” Calista took a drink from her stolen bottle.
It wasn’t a terrible idea.  I mean, if I went as the daughter of Drear and show that I supported Bryan it would prove to him how much I care.
It isn’t safe.  I knew this, everyone did.  Necromancers required costs that were of a spiritual nature.  That’s what we were taught.  That’s what you father taught you.
Now my own subconscious sounded like Calista.
The truth was something I had not shared with anyone.  It was in the plans before the world got messed up for Bryan and his family.  Bryan and I had secretly been planning to run away together.  We were going to go over the wall and disappear from Drear forever.  I didn’t want to die here only knowing Drear, never seeing the world.  We were going to be free, together.  I didn’t want to give up on that.  I didn’t want to give up on Bryan and the future, the possibilities I had wrapped up with him.
“I’ll think about it.” I finally decide.  Calista jerks and looks at me with a confused expression.  I didn’t take risks.  I’m sick and always susceptible to the latest cold going around that could be the one big cold that triggers my end.  I didn’t take risks fearing it would shorten my life span.  Bryan and everything Bryan was to me was worth it.
“Is that Bryan?” I ask as the familiar car catches my eye.  Across the street, parked under the tree I see the familiar blue car and the even more familiar tall figure emerging from it.
“Skipping class but still showing up to drive you home.  Wow, got to get me one of those,” Calista drops her shades over her eyes to hide how unimpressed she is.  She calls over her shoulder as she walks away.  “I’ll call you later.”
I walk through the student parking lot and cross the street. Bryan was leaning against his car, his baseball cap low and sun glasses shielding him from revealing expression.  I notice the unshaven face and pale skin.  He was spending his free time at Gratter’s.  As Calista had said, everyone knew about Gratter’s, at least most of the class seem to.  I smile at him.
“You missed History.  Probably not such a bad thing considering the topic.”  He didn’t move.  He is in one of his moods.  My smile softens.  When he felt low like this, all I could do was talk through it and hope he’d participate in the conversation at some point when he starts to feel better.  “Where were you today?”
“Sera,” he breaths out my name like it’s a tired worn out phrase.
“I could go with you,” I offer.  He pauses.  “I’m serious.  What will they do?  Ground me?”
“You don’t know what you’re saying.” He shakes his head.
“I want to go with you to Graters,” I state it at plain and simple as possible.  I’m secretly more afraid of being tarred and feathered because of who I’m related to then getting caught sneaking out.
“You wouldn’t belong,” he looks down the street and stares at something I can’t see.
“But you do?” I counter.
“We need to talk,” Bryan mutters after a moment.  My chest tightens; I’m surprised by his tone of voice.  A calm tired tone with a touch of annoyance directed at me.  “I need some space.”
“What?”  I’m falling and standing still at the same time.
“I just need a break,” Bryan rubs the back of his neck and looks down at his feet.
“What do you mean?” I shot back.  I felt as though I had been dunked in ice water leaving me cold and unable to breathe.
“We’ve been together for a while,” Bryan starts; he looks to the side and watches people leave the school.  They were laughing and taking jabs at one another oblivious, just as I had been moments ago.  “Since Sophomore year.  I mean, a lot’s happened.  A lot has changed.”
I knew what he meant.  I took a step towards him, re-entering the familiar territory of his aftershave scent and general warmth that usually embraces me.  I touch his arm as I had hundreds of times before.  We had been unique.  We had instant chemistry and instant understanding.  I had never felt so in tune with anyone in my life.  This miss step of his, this wanting to break up, was throwing everything out of balance.
He shakes me off, the chill back in his voice.  “I’m bored.  We’re boring.”
“What happen to our plans?  We were going to leave Drear together.”  The tears sting my eyes.  There, I had said it.  We had plans beyond this place, beyond school and our families.
“What happens when you get really sick?” He whispers.  “So sick and I can’t take care of you?”
“That wasn’t the point,” I wipe a disobedient tear that shames me as it escapes and runs down my cheek.  “I’m going to die.  We’ve always known this.  I just didn’t want to die here.”
“I,” Bryan looked pained and his eyes locked with mine.  “I can’t do this. 
It’s too much pressure right now.”
“This isn’t a break,” I decide.
“I don’t know what I want,” he corrects me.  “I just need some space.  I need to be alone for a while.  I’m not good company for you.  I need to keep you safe.  It’s what I’m trying to do.  What we’re all trying to do.”
“Wow,” I feel like I’m about to faint but my voice is surprisingly steady.
“Are you worried about what my dad will say too?  Is this your way of gently breaking up with me.”
“Don’t make this something it isn’t,” Bryan grumbles and shifts on his feet.
“I supported you,” I remind him angrily.  “I want you to know the truth.”
“Sera, the truth is covered up here and you can’t even see it.  You don’t need to I guess.  Who wants the pressure when you have so many other things going on,” Bryan’s low voice strums my heart and I want to grab him and cry in his chest.  “I need to go elsewhere to find what happened to Marjorie.  You can’t come with me.”
“You’re leaving without me.” I feel like I’ve been punched in the gut.
“I don’t want to lose you.  I just don’t want to be in a relationship right now.” He digs his fists into his pockets and looks at the school.  “I’m sorry Sera.  I know this is bad timing with the party.  If your mom wants me to I’ll still escort you.  I don’t mind at all.”
“Is it someone else?”  I feel the cold in my chest turning to anger at the idea of Jasmine stepping into my place to be beside Bryan.  The pin in my pocket feels like a heavy rock.
“Things are . . . different,” Bryan shakes his head again.  “Maybe it’s just me.  Maybe I’m different.”
“This is all about Marjorie?” I whisper his sister’s name.  Marjorie, his golden twin killed last summer.  I still remember my father’s frozen controlled expression as he told me the news.  She was so smart so friendly so alive.  She had even worked as an intern in the lab at my father’s facility.  She was one of the few not huddling under his influence.  Marjorie thrived.  When she was killed the walls didn’t seem high enough to keep us safe.  The world was so much darker then I had ever believed my father’s warnings to be.  The world really was hateful to take away someone so good.   Bryan and I stayed together through it, had survived it together, entangled tightly and somehow still breathing months later. I thought that had cemented as a couple forever.  At least, as long as forever was going to last for me.
“No,” he throws his arms up to get space between us.  It was like I was tethering him to me and he had to physically fight me off.  “Yes, maybe.  I don’t know.  You can’t help who you are.  I know that.  You’ll always be a Drear.”
I catch a glimpse of a shiny auburn glow in the back seat of his car, peering out from the pocket of his denim jacket.  I immediately think of Calista’s pendant and feel myself grow cold.  Why would he have a piece of jewelry?  It was for someone. Some other girl?  I start to feel light headed.
“The different you doesn’t want the boring me?  A Drear?” I smile but inside I’m screaming.  He looks at me skeptically.  He hadn’t planned on my reaction.  His mouth opens but I wasn’t going to let him have the last word.  He was making enough life changing calls on his own and I was left to drift with whatever little time I had left.   Now there may be someone else?  “I don’t need an escort to the party.  I’ll be fine.  Just go.”
He didn’t argue.  I felt too raw to say anything else.  I wanted to scream as him as he got into his car.  I wanted to cry for him to stop as he drove away.  I didn’t.  I had my dignity; I’m a Drear after all.  But the truth is I couldn’t move.  I couldn’t do anything but watch him move further away from me. A Drear on the outside held their head up but inside they are crumbling and hollow.  Like my life.
I start walking home, the cold barely touches me.  The tears burn and I rub my nose on my sleeve not carrying how gross I was being.
The world was a blur that didn’t come back into focus until my the familiar three story brick home with the iron gate surrounding the perfectly trimmed green lawn came into view.  Even with fall coming into the air, our lawn was soft as spring.  My room was the transformed octagon greenhouse on the side.  I wanted to crawl into bed and sleep.  Looking at my home now made me feel foreign.  When I left this morning I had a boyfriend, a nice guy who wasn’t freaked out about dating the girl who was dying. Coming home I felt like I was coming in on the wrong side and seeing a different perspective.    Everything had literally turned to crap and I couldn’t do a thing about it. Karma making me her bitch?  I remember Calista’s words earlier.  That wasn’t it.  I didn’t do anything to deserve this.
I straighten up before stepping inside the house.  If mom sees me like this she would want me to go talk to Dr. Stein.  Stress is very bad for my health.  I imagine the stress of broken heart is even worse.  I didn’t want to think about what breathing exercise I would have to start performing if Dr. Stein was involved and the extra extended visits to talk about my feelings.   The idea of needing to see him more than once a month really darkens my mood.  I hated talking to him about dreams and thoughts or my ideas.  Nothing was off limits.  It didn’t matter how embarrassing or intimate, he wanted it in detail.
I caught my reflection in the glass of the front door.  My face was hallowed out in the poor reflection.  Dark shadows made me look like a skeleton.  I wondered if I looked this pathetic to Bryan.  At least I didn’t sound pathetic.  I notice the fly away of my hair and patted down to look less windblown.  I run my fingers under my eyes to wipe up any running mascara.
I push the heavy door open and am met by the smell of apple cinnamon.
Mom’s favorite scent for this time of year.
“I’m home.”  I yell into the empty hallway.  Mom comes from the kitchen and she stops just inside the door frame, her slim figure a silhouette as the setting sun rested behind her.  I could hear Stella still working in the kitchen.  Mom probably had Stella working overtime to help decorate the house with her autumn decorations.  With the Halloween party less than two weeks, she was on over drive working on the main hall.
“How was your day?”  She asks holding a bottle of water in hand.
“It was fine,” I lie and slip off my shoes, letting my hair fall in my face to keep her from seeing the flush color my cheeks had taken.  I quickly head towards the hall to my room.  Boring to some.
“You look flush,” Mom follows after me her slippers making soft tapping noises on the wood floor.  I swallow the lump in my throat before turning to her.
“I’m tired.” I tell her.  She looks me up and down as though I was wearing what was bothering me like a wound she’d be able to see.  Her hazel eyes couldn’t find it or so I thought.
“I didn’t hear Bryan’s car,” she starts and I can see it in her eyes as she seems to slowly piece it together. “He didn’t bring you home?”
“No,” I reply simply.  Please don’t do this.
“Are you two fighting?” She pushes further.  My defense is already crumbling.  I didn’t want to talk about it.  “You shouldn’t walk home, especially in weather like this.  Paul could have picked you up.”
“I know, and we’re fine,” I lie and cringe at the thought of the family driver picking me up as well as taking me to school.  I could at least look somewhat normal when I was with Bryan.  I could feel normal too.  “I’m going to my room.”  I turn and fly down the hall.  I didn’t want to have to pretend I was ok anymore.  I just wanted to crash in my room and get a good cry out in private.
I’d never been dumped before.  I never had a boyfriend to be dumped by until Bryan.  I didn’t know how to handle this.  I shut my door and melted to the floor.  My chest felt concaved and my brain kept repeating Bryan’s words.  I felt like I could sink inside the void and maybe disappear altogether.  For the first time in a long time, I seriously considered taking some of Dr. Stein’s pills.  I’d rather be zombie like, numb and lethargic, than hurt this bad.









Chapter Three

	The terrain is a sleepers dwelling place.  A dimly colored world of afterthought mirrored in a reflection in Hades, the lost walk here.  The place they cease to be or the place they were trying to get to, they pass through here first.  Current time, the world is still moving and time is still moving forward.  I do not see the cars that pass now or the life that walks by as they are on the other side, the living side.  I am here for the lost.  This is where my work is.  This is where it all began.
I step onto the road and inhale the fresh air.  The cold air is a welcome blanket across my face and slides down my exposed skin.  I buttoned up my coat, adjusting the collar.
The space between light and dark is real place.  It isn’t filled with dreams or fairies.  It is filled with memories.  Memories that flicker by as dim as fireflies, swaying in and out of existence, some close and easy to see, some far away, some taking form of their previous owners and wandering the earth.  I can hear the silent whispers passing by, light as spider webs, gossamer dreams of what humans use to be.  I’m not here for the dreams. I come for the nightmares.
This particular sliver of road has special meaning for me, it is where I ended and began.  I come here looking for rust on the earth, a mistake made by Drear that I can use for myself.  A clue to solve my mystery.  There was a murderer that had eluded me for generations.  The family lineage passed down from father to son.  I wait for him to mess up.  I wait for my moment to open the ground and seal him in.
I pull back the dark that had begun to spill out around me.  I needed to focus.  I had a job.  I wait for the pull in my chest.  It will tether me to the darkest point closest to me.  I breathe in and out, slowing the moment until it stops.  I step forward.  The trees are frozen in place, caught in mid sway as the wind stutters then stops.  The leaves that were in process of falling don’t touch the ground.  I can see the light of the setting sun pull lingering pools of light away from the night.  It is beautiful.  Always.
I feel the pull in my chest.  It is slight and warm.  I stop and hold my breath.  It fills up my chest and echoes numbly in the prison of my ribcage.  It is tenderer, warm and surprisingly gentle.
I breathe out and the sensation is gone, stolen in the frozen world that surrounds me.  It is a living sensation and moves on past me.
I swallow to savor the forbidden fruit . . . a cat jumps into the street and trots up to me.  I hold my hand down and he purrs warmly.   “Strange little friend.  How are you these days?”
This cat is a mystery to me.  He passes into my world and leaves again to be among the living.  His life line is infinite length that disappears beyond my vision of it.  No one but the ancient gods of our people had this themselves and they are all gone now.
One day, when the world has slowed and the line between living and dead is firmly re-established, I will have the time to investigate the gentle creature.
The cat meows then jerks and runs back into the land of the living.  He was spooked.   A cool kiss brushes my cheek and a more familiar sensation calls me.  A lost spirit.   This was why the cat ran.
Back to work.
I open my eyes and meet the vision of a lost fawn as she steps cautiously out onto the road.  The girl is in jeans and a t-shirt.  She is reluctant to approach but can’t look away.
This is how it begins.
I slowly approach the girl and tip my hat with a bow.  I find the gesture calms people.  She is tall, rather slender and so young.  Her tennis shoes are worn out, muddy and her shirt is torn.  Her long blond hair is disheveled and bruises mar her slender arms.
“My name is Roaden.” I tell her.  She smiles as tears fill her large blue eyes and her lower lip trembles.
“I’m lost,” her voice shakes and she shutters but not from the cold.  The dead do not feel the weather as it is only as it was.  “I think I might have hit my head or something.  I can’t remember.”
I offer her my arm and upon securing her fingers in the crook of my elbow I take the lead.  “I am at your disposal.  How can I help?”
She leans into me as we walk.  I allow some silence between us as I know her mind is trying to work out what is happening.
“I’ve not seen you around here before,” her voice a frail chime in the stale air.  She steals glances at me and shutters again.
“I know,” I whisper.  She stops us and pulls away slightly.  She looks up and down the street and I recognize the oncoming storm threatening to overtake her.  Her memory rushes in and cave in around her.
“No,” she shakes her head.
“Now, now,” I try to sooth.  “It’s over.”
“No,” she crumbles to the grounds and sobs.  I pet her hair and wait for her to calm.   I have an eternity to wait.
















Chapter Four

“He said what to you?”  Calista’s voice was higher pitched than usual.
“He was bored, we were boring,” I stare at my ceiling as I lay on my bed.  Calista laughs.  “Thanks a lot.” I mutter.
“Sorry, this really upsets you doesn’t it?”  She sounds surprised.  I couldn’t imagine anyone Calista would feel much attachment too.
“Yes,” I groan, “I just wish I knew where this was coming from.  We had plans this weekend.  Do guys make plans if there intending to just break up with you?”
“Depends if he’s getting any,” Calista snorts.  She knew the answer to that.
I felt my heart squeeze and wait for Calista to sound more serious, I did wonder.  “Do you think that’s what he meant about being bored?”
“I don’t get dump,” Calista tells me.  “But if that is what he meant, aren’t you glad you didn’t?”
I sat quietly and simmer in my aggravation.  I had really wanted to move things forward with Bryan.  I really like him.   I see my jacket lying on the chair and I remember the pen Calista had given me.  I take it out and squeeze it in my hand.  I feel the burning of Bryan’s betrayal stir up inside and overwhelm me.  Why would he do this?
“He’s just ignorant Sera,” Calista decides sounding more like her old self- supportive and re-assuring, not as she has been.  “Just get another.  I’m sure there’s a line.”
I smile.  Bryan is ignorant. But I still want him back.  Or I at least want to know the truth.  “There is no line.  I like what I had with Bryan.”
“What are you going to do?”  Calista asks with a heavy sigh.
“I don’t know,” I confess.  With effort I sit up. “I don’t know what there is too do.”
“You know,” Calista shifts around and through the receiver I can hear the screen door of her house slam shut behind her.  She always steps out when she wanted some privacy.  Her foster mother was overbearing, or so Calista claims.  “You shouldn’t just let this go.”
“Right,” I agree.  “I’ll dye my hair pink and get a tattoo.  You can’t be boring if you’re brighter than a crayon and dared to get inked.”
Calista laughs.  “Well, don’t get his name inked on you or a tramp stamp. I’m so tired of seeing those.  No, I mean, prove him wrong.”
“How?”
“Well,” Calista paused, her voice dropping down low and the tone tilts to almost a melody.  I remember her pendent and the fire that lit up inside when I took it.  My head starts to hurt.  I want Bryan back.  I need to get him back.  I will do whatever it takes to get him back.  “He’s been going to Gratter’s house for party’s right?”
Gratter’s?  I didn’t like where this was going.  Greg Gratter the college kid with a dark aura around him.  I could actually sense the guy before I see him.  Not that I told anyone that.  But I could.  Bryan would go to Gratter’s after school.  I knew that.
Bryan had wanted to contact Marjorie after she was killed to find out who killed her.  Gratter was rumored to be dabbling in talking to the dead.  It was stupid and forbidden.  My father had warned me the dangers of opening a door and not knowing how to close it.  Nothing big seemed to happen or the school would have talked about it.  Instead there were whispers of voices passing secrets in the dark.  Nothing big like Bryan had wanted.
Maybe he found something else to be more interested in.  Someone? I felt the pen cut my hand.  Now I was boring and unbelievably clumsy.  Why would he want me?  Of course someone else is involved.
For the second time today I feel like I’m falling off a cliff.  My heart painfully speeds and a dull ache hovers in my chest.  What is wrong with me that I didn’t suspect that?  Because I’m boring with no imagination and trusted my boyfriend, that’s why.  I am naïve Drear princess sitting in my protected world.  Still.  I  just couldn’t accept it.  Bryan wasn’t just my boyfriend he was my friend.
“He wouldn’t,” I start but Calista cut me off.
“Let’s go to one of Gratter’s get togethers and see if Bryan is there with someone.”  Calista challenges.
“And if he isn’t?” I ask.  What was the point going somewhere and seeing someone who might be with someone else now?  Because I want him back. “When we go and see he isn’t there with anyone, then what?  We just hang out and mingle?”
“Exactly.  He can’t use the excuse that you’re boring.  Unpredictable isn’t boring.”  Calista her voice confident and I feel the wave of assurance start to build my own.  “You showing up some where he decided you wouldn’t be interested in going to is unpredictable.”
“We aren’t on the guest list.” I joke.  I feel something cold in the back of my mind turning into an audible nagging telling me this isn’t a good idea but something stronger shuts it down.  I want Bryan back and that’s all that matters.
“It’s an open invitation honey.  Just bring some of those pills you don’t take from your doctor.  People will open up to you if they know you’re one of them,” Calista sounds so at ease with this.  Now I’m not just sneaking out, going to a necro party but I’m being a supplier.  I could tell she was rolling her eyes at my cowardice.  “If you’re freaked out at the idea of being around college kids because they like to break curfew and pretend to be all badass trying to talk to the dead then forget it.”
Calista’s flat tone made me feel I had just moved further away from her.  I felt isolation overwhelming me.  I had just lost my boyfriend I didn’t want to lose my only friend.  “I’ve never snuck out.”
“Most people your age do it for less.”  Calista sighs on the phone.  I could tell she was already sure of my answer.  “It’s not a big deal and you’ll throw Bryan off his game because he won’t be expecting you.  You need to stick up for yourself.  Seriously, you won’t regret it.  This is fate Sera.  Karma calling.”






Chapter Five

I released the newest member into the land of the dead.  She disappears into the mist.  She couldn’t even remember her name. Ghosts start out here, some just as discombobulated as the young woman and re-emerge into the realm of the living when they try to return to their lives, causing problems for the living and themselves.  She was one of those.  I would have to go find her again once she wandered out and I would have to start over again.
I feel the swelling in my chest as I reconnect my full attention to the warm pull that entices me to the wall of Drear.
What does it mean?
I had seen a lot of things existing in Hades.  I hadn’t felt this before.  Payce would say; embrace it.
Maybe it was Lorelei.  We did have a connection at times.  Maybe she was hurt or maybe she was calling for me?  It could be a trick then.  A trick to get me to come out and then trap me until my time ran out and I turned to dust.
Lorelei wouldn’t do that.  Would she?
My curiosity was slowly unraveling me.  No, she wouldn’t do that to me.  I knew she still wanted me.  She was just angry right now.
I came to the entryway of Hades, the precipice between life and death, literally. I could feel the push and pull of the two conflicting.  Styx lay below, a slow current of an ageless flow running to nowhere and never starting or stopping, just existing.  I watched the world moving beyond the gates.  I could smell fall floating through and I sweet floral breeze mixed in the wind, stirring in my chest.
I strain myself to focus and then the serenade hit as time continues on from where I had left it. The vibrant colors of life illume in sun light blazes up and dims as the moon floats up in the sky.  The detail of the day melts away from me.  I don’t feel the hours go by.  I hadn’t seen this since my mother, not wanting to witness time moving without her and dragging me with it.
The cat ran through, hissing as he runs by me.  The familiar odor of death reels in behind him.   I pause, holding still and honing my senses to feel out what it is he is running from.
Zombie.
In the distance a zombie walks, walks with intent.  I strain to see past the gossamer veil that clouds the land I was cursed from walking.  I could feel the rage the necromancer used to pull the dead from the ground and set loose in the night.
Then I caught the soft glow pulse far off, just in the zombie’s line.  I hold my breath and shoot through to the other side, the curse tears my flesh from my bone, skinning with searing pain.  My eyes are gone, seeing now with only the dead perspective, black and white haunt and the damn wandering with the living.  I jerk and allow myself a moment to recover.  I pull the scarf over my face and start to move towards it.  I had to be fast before time catches up to me.
My chest constricts, tightening around my will that was betraying me for leaving my world and entering this one so carelessly.
I feel the pull from my chest and it leads into the dark.  I lean into it, blending in shadows and skipping across the soft light of stars and the moon, the smell of life stains my lungs and I suddenly remember the way my mother’s lips pulled tight, her eyes losing light as she froze and then the sadness defeating her.  I growl and move forward.
I pushed down the sudden emotion.  It felt like Pandora was trying to open something inside of me.  Her lithe fingers curling around a slightly opened door and the air escaping was familiar and full of burning.  Something darker, something I didn’t want to touch was slowly surfacing in me.  I could feel it rattling my conscious.   Whatever had this hold on me was unnerving.
My curiosity was hounding me but I would suffice it soon enough and return to the safety of my home.
The only thing that matters is Lorelei.  Finding Lorelei and bringing her home.  I repeat the words and make them a mantra in my mind

***************************************

My sneaking out ninja stance was awkward as I knocked my head on my window; I hadn’t opened it wide enough.  I was not feeling as cool as I had imagined I would feel doing something like this.  I needed to just go before I lost my nerve along with my illusion this was a good idea.
I watch for a light under my door as I sat anchoring one leg in my room and the other dangling out the window.  The idea of sneaking out to ‘run into’ my ex-boyfriend sounded excellent several hours ago when I was planning it with Calista.  I did want to stick up for myself.  I did want to confront Bryan.  But I wanted more.  I was letting go of my only way out of Drear and Bryan owed me more of an explanation.
However, I had not anticipated my growing guilt as I actually started sneaking out.  Or that the early curfew would go into effect for the community tonight.  At least I knew without a doubt Gratter’s place would be packed.  Everyone at school knew Gratter thought he was so brave, breaking curfew and chancing himself beyond the walls.
Nothing ever happened.  Everyone knew that too. If it was all true, he would have gotten shut down by now.  I’m positive.
I check my phone.  Calista hadn’t text yet.  Being a pro at avoiding ‘the law’ when she snuck around she told me the weak spot in the wall and the side road that didn’t have lights sensitive to movement.  I would take the short cut just a ways down and cut back over into Drear.  This was the scariest thing I had ever done.  My heart was rapid in my chest.  I crushed my fist against my ribs hoping to slow it down.
The idea of getting caught made me sick to my stomach.  Mom would have me committed briefly just to show the neighbors I was off my rocker and not an example of bad blood in our respected family.  I started to doubt this idea all over again . . . 
. . . But then my imagination kicks up under Calista’s insinuation and the thoughts were tinted in garnet red.  Could Bryan be cheating on me?  I hated the idea of it.  I hated that my trusting him might have made it so easy for him to cheat on me.  He had perks being my boyfriend.  Being the dying daughter of Drear gave him access to almost anything he’d want in town.  Even my dad reached out.
So why else would he break up with you then because of someone else?  Why would he dump everything and chance the backlash unless his heart really wasn’t in it anymore?  Calista had a point.  She also had a better world perspective then I ever did.  As hot and cold as she could run, she didn’t make things up.
How could I be so stupid?  I needed to know for certain.  I didn’t want to sit in the dark and explore the possibilities in my mind, my mind that was getting pretty dark the longer I was alone.  I would find out the truth.
It’s time.   Calista text.
I breathe out and let the adrenaline flow.  I could still back out.
You won’t get caught!  Calista replies, acting like a mind reader.  It will be worth it.  Let’s go!
Ok.  I text back and slide the phone in my jacket. I wasn’t ok but I’d do it anyway.
I hold my breath and drop to the ground with a thud.  Definitely not ninja like as I froze in place to take quick inventory after my awkward drop.  I wasn’t broken and the house was still silently.
I look up at my bedroom window of my room now seemingly darker than usual.  The curtains slide out and bellow up slightly in the cool wind.  I realize never having snuck out before; I had a unique perspective of the world right now.  It felt raw and unhinged.  The moon glowed silver, illuming the pavement and dusting the leaves on the trees bathing them in a white glow.  I was without rules, without restriction.  I could go anywhere and anything; as long as I was in my bed when mom came to wake me in the morning, tonight didn’t matter.
I breathe out.  It wasn’t cool enough to see my breath but winter was definitely coming in.  I dart across the back yard and hide behind the shed.  I peek back and note the house is still, no lights flip on.  The two windows on the second floor where my parents were, the shade was pulled down, made the house look like a face deep in dreams.
I walk out the gate and down the sidewalk that runs behind my house, something I’d done countless times, only now it felt foreign, or I was the foreigner passing through on the off season.
I hug myself as the wind gusts up.  I was still reliving that stupid conversation I had with Bryan.  My sarcastic nature saved me from balling my eyes out or the melting down I had wanted to have in front of him.  I loved Bryan.  I still do and that sucks.  My boyfriend dumps me with what was a lame excuse but here I am trying to ‘run into him’ at a party I wouldn’t normally go to because of the off crowd hosting it just to prove I’m not boring . . . and catch him with someone else.
Maybe just a little pathetic.  I frown at that thought.  And if he was cheating on me?  Then it really is over.
My phone buzzes in my pocket and I jump.  I really need to calm down.  I pull it out and the screen glows in the palm of my hand.
Are you on your way?
Calista.  She was probably worried I’d wimped out and left her to walk alone to Gratter’s house, though she seemed more eager to go to some college kid’s house them me.  I text her back and popped the phone back into my pocket.  I forgot to turn down the brightness of the phone and it made me feel like a mini spotlight shout out announcing I was here.  The last thing I needed was a patrol car finding me breaking curfew.
I made it to the small crumbled portion of the wall that someone had strung vines across to keep it from being repaired.  Everyone new zombies wandered, they didn’t climb obstacles.
I shiver at the thought.  There were never any zombies here.  I just need to walk fast and meet Calista.  The road that ran alongside the wall was an old country road, Down’s Lane.   It was barely wide enough for two cars but there were woods on the side so I could jump behind some trees if someone came and because it was a dirt road, I’d be able to hear a car coming before seeing the headlights.  Calista had pointed that out and she seemed proud of her sneaking out expeditions.
The woods were eerily quiet.  The weather had changed enough that there were no crickets or cicadas chirping in the night.  The wind rushed through and the leaves swayed, sounding like rain rolling in all around me.  The moon started hiding behind the brittle tapestry of bare branches arched above.  I picked up the pace feeling more of a chill in the air then I had before.
I stopped.  My attention was pulled from the noise in my head by the small singular figure standing at the center of the road.  I squinted trying to focus in the dark.
Calista?
No, to short and small to be Calista.  There was something else . . . something very wrong.
I stood very still holding my breath as I tried to focus my eyes on the blur of a person.  Moonlight fell behind her to halo her long hair and show her small short form.  She was a child.
I took a step back.  Curfew.  Shit.  Curfew wasn’t just a practice run this time. It was the real thing right now.  Damn.
My mouth went dry. I had never actually seen a human walking dead before.  I only heard about them in the news.  Our town was safe guarded from that.  Curfews were instilled to keep people in good practice.  We joked that we were the town with tornado drills and never had tornados.
First rule: Don’t panic.
Um, check.  I wasn’t hysterical but I wasn’t calm.  I could still think, so, that had to count for something.
Second rule: Slowly back away.
While everyone was taught wandering dead only rose to follow the person that had killed them, they could be distracted by sudden noise or flashy objects.  Their short attention spans flashed to moments when they were living and could become distracted with a memory of life, trying to get closer to the object that brought the familiar feelings.
Third rule: Get to a safe place and call the police.
I was steadily getting more ground between us. It helped that she wasn’t moving.  A slight breeze flew down the road and her dress swayed at her calves.
The child was eerily still and that was freaking me out now more than anything.  I could sense the nothingness from her.  I could actually feel the lack of life and the humming silence where breathing should be.  My therapist would say I was transgressing.  If I got out of this, I would never sneak out again.
I felt a chill raise the hair on the back of my neck and I stopped.  The child’s arm rose up and the object glinted silver just as shadow fell completely between us.  I could hear her in my mind.  I could hear the cold words rise up and flood my mind, pushing all thought out.
Because of you, this is me.
With an unnatural jerk and low hiss, the dead child charges me, the glint of the knife in hand makes me scream.






Chapter Six


I run as fast as I can, I hear the rapid footsteps of the zombie telling me she was gaining on me.
This shouldn’t be happening!  She thinks I killed her?  A shadow darts from one side the street to the other moving at a blurring speed.  I stumble and almost fall as the darkness shoots over my head.  I catch the faint glow of white light beneath the black smudge.  I follow the figure as it lands easily behind me standing between me and the zombie.
“Be still,” the voice commands and the small zombie goes limp, arms dangling at her sides swaying as though barely attached.  I swallow the lump in my throat.
The voice was smooth, steady lying on top of the air.  The figure was tall and painfully thin.  He was covered completely even a scar wrapped several times concealed his face and blended him in shadow complete.  I felt if I looked a way for a second, he would disappear into the darkness.
He walks around the small child, examining her closely.  He pulls his scarf down, “I am Roaden, you will obey,”
I gasped.  He conjured this thing?
Necromancy is forbidden.  I feel sick to my stomach and take a step back.  Roaden was distracted with the zombie child.  It was my only hope of getting away.  I certainly couldn’t out run him.
“Tell me, who is your master.”  It was a question but he wasn’t asking.  It was a command that charged my instincts to reply.  I felt like a child responding to an adult.  I watched mesmerized.  He was young and old at the same time.   He was over six feet and dark from head to toe, the slight glimpse of flesh, the jaw from a quick profile, the slight sliver between his gloves and coat, his skin glowed like the moon.
I was frozen in place as my eyes willed his face to reveal itself.  My heart beat so fast it filled my ears and pained my chest.  Could he be one of them?
The child didn’t move.  Her limbs were a rag doll, her legs bowed at the knees as her body was unnaturally upright.
“I don’t know her.” I whisper before realizing myself.  “Why did she attack me?” I sway.  Calista.  My world starts to catch up to me.  “I was supposed to meet my friend at the end of the road!  She’s alone!”
He looks at me and I gasped at his face.   He was perfect.  His eyes stop time and everything I was afraid of and grieving for melted from me and disappears. A soft moonlight glow made his skin gleam like pearl.  His hair was a shaggy dark mass the lined his sharp features.  I inhaled the scent of leaves and fire.
“Who are you?” I ask.  I already knew what he was. He was one of the dying breed of gods.  The only ones I’d ever seen were on TV, movie stars and models.  But not out here, in the middle of the night talking to a zombie?  What kind of god did that?
“My name is Roaden son of Hades.”

I said it as a warning.  Everyone knows who my father was and what he did.
Her eyes widen and she steps back.  I step forward to keep her close.  To keep her. . .
“That’s crazy,” she shakes her head pulls her cell phone from her pocket.  The smell of her shampoo swims around me.  I held myself still.  I want to take another step closer.  I want to see how strong the feelings inside of me were.  I want to know why they were igniting for this girl.  I wanted. . . I felt the truth like a hit in the gut.  I am my father’s son.  The reality crushes me and the darkness rose up, a vine entangling my insides.  She took my breath away and I wanted to steal her will for my own purpose.
I did step up to her pulling the scarf down to fully expose my appearance and let out a low growl.  “Look hard at this face and then deny me my heritage?”
I expected a scream maybe even cursing.  Woman today were full of more grit then in earlier times.  She drew a ragged breath; it drew my attention to her lips.  They trembled from the cold and the white cloud lifted from them when she exhaled.
“Please,” her voice anchored me placing my earlier anger in check.  I pulled the scarf back up over my nose. “I just want to find my friend and make sure she’s ok.  I don’t have signal for my phone out here.”
I turned my attention to the zombie.  I felt as though I had left a warm sunny place and entered a cold shade.  I look at the child zombie standing frozen in place.  She was clean and well preserved.  I bent down to focus on something other than what I was becoming inside.  Where was Deter when I needed him most?
“I can’t believe this.” Her voice was low.  Frustrated she dropped her hands to the side.  “I have to find her.”
She snuck out. Take her.  No one is waiting for her.  No one will notice she’s missing for a while.
No.
She’s what you’ve been waiting for.  A trinket from Drear.
She is perfect.  I jerked back.  It was the truth.  She is perfect and she is from Drear.  The key to the community I’d been denied.  She is also more.  Something darker was pulling me under the deepest part of night, a swelling of heat folding over me.  The blood rushes through my veins and adrenaline surges as her lips parted in heavy breath a roar in the dark of my soul thunders my ears.
I press my hand to my temple.  This was the monster my father lived with?  I step farther away from her.
“Are you ok?” she asks her small delicate voice a petal of softness on my fast beating pulse.  She looks down at me and bundles herself up.
“No, I’m not ok,” I fume.  She stood still and watches my face.  I knew the look.  It was the look I received from the more seasoned Fold members who were used to my appearance but still very much aware of it.  No one forgets the face of death.  A skull for a face and hollowed eyes that reflect fear and rage.
“The zombie attacked you with intent.” I tell her slowly.   I grit my teeth and fought to stay focused on my job.  She shakes her head slowly the light of the moon falls across her red hair.  She glances at the zombie child.  Tears fill her eyes and she turns away.  “It attacked you for a reason.”
“I don’t know her,” she insists her voice breaking in the air.   She takes several steps away from the zombie.  “I don’t know why this is happening.  Who could do this to someone?”
“A skilled necromancer called this zombie up and placed intent in her.”  I explain softly.
“Who?”  Her eyes got large and she averts them from me.  “Who would do that to a child and why?”
“That is what we’ll find out.” I admit feeling every bit of the need to find the person who did do this.  She shook her head and wipes the tears away quickly.  I can taste the salt from them in the air, my mouth waters.  “The child is dead.  It does not feel anything.  It does not know what is happening.  It is a puppet.”
Her eyes look over to the zombie and back down at her feet.  I fish for more words.  I only had the speech given to new Fold members when they were prepared for their first zombie encounter.  I had no experience speaking to civilians.
“Kids?” Came the familiar voice. Payce.  Relief floods over me and temporarily drew my focus away from the girl.  “What are we up to?”
The girl jumps at Payce’s sudden arrival.  His eyes went from me to her.  He was as confused as I was.  “Zombie attack.  No one was close enough so I intercepted.”
“Right,” Payce turns from me and offers his hand to the girl.  “Payce.”
She pauses before taking it.  I felt heat rise up in me as their hands touch.  “Sera.”
“Nice to meet you,” Payce held her hand and grins.  “How exactly are you keeping it together?”
“What?” Sera’s brows furrow.
Payce looks from her to me.  “No screaming?  No crying?”
Sera looks over to the zombie and pierces her lips together.  “I just want to go home.”
“Right,” Payce smirks at me.  “Shock?”
“Most likely,” I agree begrudgingly.
“So, what do we have?”  Payce strolls over to the child zombie and bends down.  “Revenge zombie?  Very professional.”
“Deter?”
“The Fold is on the way,” Payce sniffs the air.  “No smell?  Wonder how she was preserved?”
I caught a glimpse of Sera swaying slightly and I gesture for Payce to change the subject.
“Sera was meeting a friend at the end of the road,” I tell him.  Even her name fits perfectly on my tongue.
“Calista,” Sera jumps in, still clutching her phone to her chest.  “She was on the other side of the wall, there’s a dip in the wall that you can crawl over.  To avoid the cameras we cut through this road and climb back over half a mile down, by the large oak.”
“I’ll go check,” Payce steps backwards watching Sera as he goes, “for Calista.”
He spins around and instantly disappears down the road.
“Wow,” Sera gasps.  “Did he?  I mean, he’s running!”
“That leaves an impression on you?”  I ask.  Maybe it was darker then I had realized.  I tug the scarf up further.
“Not to say glowing isn’t impressive,” she look over to me.  “But he ran so fast he disappeared!”
“His grandfather was Hermes.” I tell her.  Glowing?
She looked at me then mouth agape.  “I’m dreaming.”
	“No,” I tell her.
“I hope I’m dreaming.”  She rubs her arms together.  “I don’t want this to be real.  You’re half breeds?”
“No,” I mumble the scarf scratching my mouth.  She shakes her head at me and turns away as though turning me off by making me disappear from her line of vision.  I definitely had been treated worse.  Usually screaming was involved.  This girl was  . . . strange and I couldn’t take my eyes off her.
“Sorry,” Payce reappears suddenly wind trailing after him stirring leaves and Sera’s shampoo sent as it stirs her long hair.  I step away from her.  “No one was there and there is no sign anyone was attacked.”
“You missed her,” Sera insists.
I laughed and Payce’s mouth drops open.  “Trust me darling, I didn’t miss her.  She isn’t there.  I circled your little town twice.  No one was waiting for you where you said they were.  No one was lying dead on the street from a zombie attack and no other zombie was found.”
Sera frowns, “she is waiting for me.”
“What were you planning to do?” Payce asks.  I noticed he was on edge.  Being challenged wasn’t something he took well.  With Lorel on the loose we were all more tense than usual.  Especially Payce.
“Hanging out,” she reluctantly admitted her small jaw tightens and stuck out slightly, and I notice her slender neck and take another step back.  If she leaves now I may never see her again.  But Payce was here . . .
“Hanging out at night?” Payce echoes.  Sera rolls her eyes and hugs herself tighter. Her shaking was from more than just the cold.
“Maybe she went on to hangout without you,” Payce offers with a smile still in place.  Sera shook her head but seems to allow the idea to become a possibility.  It had to be better than thinking her friend was attacked and or dead or worse.
A long distant buzz cut through the air and a dim yellow light starts bouncing down the road.
Deter.  I relax.  I was exhausted and wanted him to take over.   I needed to get as much distance as possible from Sera.
“Who is that?” Sera asks.
“The Fold,” I told her.  Deter was always first, respectively to Payce.  He traveled on a motorcycle.  It allowed him more travel freedom.  The others would be close behind.
“Is he a cop?” she continues.  I wasn’t use to conversations with  . . . living people.  Her smell, lively and fresh was intoxicating, vibrant color alive, warming my flesh.
“No,” I look to Payce he shrugs.  He knows this is odd.
“Do you wear glasses?” Payce asks her.  Her head whips around, long red hair, a spark of fire running down her back as she looks his direction.
“What?”  She asks, tilting her head slightly as though she’d catch his question better at a different angle.
“Glasses?” Payce continues.  “Not wearing them so you look cute while you hang out?  Trying to impress some guy?”
“I don’t have vision problems,” Sera replies evenly.
“Have you considered you may need them?”
“Payce,” I warn without hesitation, Payce frowns at me.  I need to get home.  Now.
“You aren’t dressed to be outside for long periods. You’re dressed to impress someone.  What’s his name?” Payce sneers.  Sera’s brow cocked.
“Do you ever shut up?” She asks in a low hiss.
“I think girls look cute in glasses,” Payce chides, shrugging at her frustration.  I feel the pinch of jealousy begin to unearth within me.
“Payce, go talk to Deter,” I order as Deter slows to a stop.  He shakes his head and walks away.
“Sera,” I step up to her watching for that flicker of fear people possess when they see my face.  There is none.  Her eyes are clear and deep blue.  They mirror the zombie, the child and mourn for her.  “I will see to her.  She will be returned to her grave to rest.”
“I can’t believe people do this,” she whispers.
“People do lots of things for many reasons,” I reply trying to steady my nerves.  I can’t take my eyes off her hair.  I could lure her to go with me.  Enchantments . . .
“My parents are going to kill me.” She mutters and shakes her head.  “I am so stupid.”
“This is the town of Drear,” I look at the wall behind her, trying to stay steady.  She eyes me suspiciously.  “We don’t have authority in Drear, it’s a closed community.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means the cops of Drear can’t come out and we can’t go in.  This area is officially part of Lanecaster.”
“So you call Lanecaster’s police?” She asks sounding more hopeful.
“No, Lanecaster allows us to handle our own investigations,” I tell her.
Her eyes reluctantly went to the zombie.  “What will happen to her?  Before you bury her again, what will happen?”
“We’ll investigate to find out why she was raised and find the person responsible.”
“This is unbelievable.”  She bites her lower lip and her shoulders sink slightly.
“If you can think of anything else later on, I need you to call Deter.” I take his card from my pocket and hand it to her.  She takes the card and looks up at me questioningly.
“Master Roaden,” Deter’s thick German accent cuts the air.  “An interesting evening sir?”
He approaches Sera and offers his hand.  “Young woman?  Sera?  You say you do not recognize this zombie?”
“No, I don’t know who that is.”
“We’ll get to the bottom of this.”  Deter stands straight and unbending.  He looks over to me.  “This is interesting.”
“Yes,” I grumble.
“Perhaps it should stay within our immediate circle for the time being?” Deter eyes Payce and is still.  Deter is thinking of our earlier conversation as well.
“I agree,” I begin to feel an unraveling in my chest, a soft dark spot rolling from deep within.  “Payce, take her home.  Quietly.”
“Fine,” he offers his arm and she walks past him.  “Ok then.”  Smiling he follows her into the dark.
“Shock is one possibility,” Deter whispers in my ear.  “There could be another.”
“I’ve been out here too long,” I tell him.  I don’t want to talk about possibilities.  I don’t want to think about Sera anymore or recall her scent.  My joints are getting stiff, I realize as Sera went further away how tired I was.  “If’ve been here longer then I should have.”
“Go,” Deter orders, his small eyes studying me, looking for any signs that I was growing too weak to return on my own.  “I will handle this, look after yourself sir.”
I disappear into the dark, barely crossing the barrier into Hades before collapsing onto the cold stone floor of the entryway.   My heart throbs in my chest and I focus on the small white lights above my head, the stars of souls who pierced through the barrier of night in Hades to move beyond.  I focus on the floating fish that swim my night sky.  The monster inside of me came to life.
I felt for Sera.
You two are one.
She’s a human.
You wouldn’t feel the connection if it wasn’t meant to be.
I wanted to be back with her.  The further I got away the more strained the pull in my chest was.
You want her.  You want to be with her.
I burned inside at the realization.  I closed my eyes and laid alone in the dark that filled me.
I couldn’t move.  The reality was a staking me to the ground.  Everything I had worked for.  All of my goals to assist the living and care for their dead, I was losing the purpose because of a girl.  Sera.
Just one person.
Stop! I scream in my head.  Was this the monster my father fought?
One person who will learn to forgive you.  Just as your mother forgave your father.
I’m not my father.
Not yet.



	

















Chapter Seven


Payce didn’t walk so much as he seemed to glide.  His steps were twice mine and I had to hurry to keep up. I would have told him to slow down but I just wanted to get home.  He reminded me of a manga character, his sharp abrupt dark hairstyle and perfectly smooth motions.  He only seemed real when he was standing still but as he moved he was flawless, light step and part of the air.
Roaden.  I felt my heart lift up at his name impressed onto my mind.  He made Bryan a dull pain I had to remind myself was there.  Roaden glowed.  His skin was pearl white under dark shaggy black hair.  His blue eyes were lighter than any I’d ever seen with an extra something in them that made me stare.  He was the most beautiful guy I’d ever seen.  It made me feel guilty to think of Roaden and Bryan at the same time.
Bryan.  Bryan please tell me you had nothing to do with this zombie.  My heart sinks.“Roaden frightens people,” Payce throws over his shoulder to me.  He turns around, walking backwards as easily as he walked forwards.  Grandson of Hermes?  “He’s the son of Hades.  Death and all.”
“I know,” I mutter.  I liked it better when we weren’t talking.
“His face reflects that,” Payce breaths out releasing a bubble of tension that seem to have built up in that statement.   If I had not seen Roaden’s glowing skin and the speed Payce could run, I’d have more of an argument in me.  For now, I wanted to get home, find Calista as soon as possible and forget this evening ever happened.
“The glow?” I ask but Payce seems to hear something I don’t and he holds his hand up to shush me.  I can hear it now too.  A car in the distance.
“Do you mind?”  He asks, bowing to me slightly, his hair covering his eyes.
“Mind what?”  I barely finished when he scooped me and rushed the wall.  I wanted to scream but the air pressed down on my chest as we flew through the air.  I squeezed my eyes shut and pushed my face into his chest.  Before I could realize what happened, I was being set on my feet.
“There we are.” Payce smiles down at me.
“What?” I gasped for air.  The cold iced my skin and without realizing it I was on my knees shivering.
“Just give it a minute,” Payce sounded almost sympathetic.
I was colder than I had been before.  I brushed frost off my jacket and glared up at him.
“They were coming,” he shrugged.  I did hear cars and realized he had sped up and brought us over the wall and I had not even realized it.
“A warning would have been nice,” I hissed through chattering teeth.
“Right,” Payce agreed with a smile.  I was pretty sure he was finding my discomfort amusing.
“I thought The Fold wasn’t allowed in Drear?  Aren’t you breaking a law or something?” I tried regaining my composure but I couldn’t stop shaking.  I was going to get sick.  I just knew it.  My throat was already feeling sore.
“No,” Payce helps me up, his long fingers encircling my arms.  “I’m not technically part of The Fold.  I’m just a friend.”
I lean on him only because I have to.  This was the worst 24 hours of my life.
At least I’m not a zombie.  I rubbed my forehead.  I was a terrible person for even having thought that.
“When Roaden finds who did this, what will he do?” I asked Payce.  I needed to know what would happen to Bryan if this was a result of one of Gratter’s necro parties.
“They’ll be handed over to the police.”  Payce didn’t look at me as we walk.  His eyes are watchful.  I suppose he was in enemy territory and that caused him to lose some of his self-assuredness.
“What if it’s someone from Drear?” I asked him.  He smiled at me and his voice lowers.
“People can disappear from anywhere.  If they’re messing with the dead, they can’t hide from Hades Law.”
I felt increasingly cold again.  I needed to find Calista and tell her.  We had both laughed off Gratter’s parties but what if they were true?
“I don’t hear this in the news,” I tell him.  Now I wanted to keep us talking.  My head was on overload and I wanted to talk it out.  Payce made it sound so nonchalant, like this was an everyday kind of thing.  I remembered how he looked down at the zombie and viewed her like he was staring at a statue or car.
They don’t feel anything.  They’re dead.  That was what Roaden had said.  In a morbid way it was comfort.  The thought of Roaden whirled up warmth in my chest.
Payce did look at me then, only he wasn’t smiling and his eyes were even darker then the hair around his face.  “Of course not, you live in a closed community.”
We walked quietly and Payce let me take the lead.  I guided us to a side street that would connect to where Calista was waiting for me.
Payce sighed and stopped walking.  I looked at him; he was a pencil thin dark shadow.  The white huff of cloud snaked from his lips.
“She isn’t there,” he grumbles overly pronouncing each word.
“Then you won’t mind me checking for myself.” I start walking again.  “She might have been hiding to keep from being seen encase someone drove by.”
I hear Payce’s steps pick up behind me and fall into sync.  I was secretly hoping Calista was hiding but that wasn’t really something she would do.  She was a natural at sneaking out that’s why she planned my ‘great escape’.
I watched the streets snake around the sparse area.  I looked back and saw the lights of the Fold over the wall.  No one would know about it unless they were out past curfew like me.  I came to the obstacle that made me climbing the wall a better idea than trying to go through.  Herald’s pond.  It had flooded and made everything feel like marsh.
“Would you like some assistance?” Payce whispered in my ear.  The heat of his breath surprised me.  Reluctantly I let him pick me up.  I felt his long arms squeeze me tightly and I pushed my face into his chest to block the sudden blast of cold air from hitting my skin.
I didn’t even hear anything, we just stopped and the air caught up to us, blowing around.  I took a minute to shake off the cold that had seeped through crevices of my clothing and forced my legs to sturdy themselves as I walked.
I came to the gargoyles sitting on their small pillars, tilted slightly from uneven ground and lack of care.  The gates were closed and locked; the lock was newer and was smooth under my fingers.  I took ten steps as Calista had instructed and came to the heavy vines draped over the wall.  They hid a rope that I would have used to get over.
This used to be the main entrance into Drear.  It was not more or less the back entry now.  The gates were used to take people out for burial in the cemeteries or to transport criminals out of town.  Rarely used and now over grown by vines and woods.
Most importantly, no Calista.  And as Payce had said, no indication of a fight.  There were none of Calista’s things lying around from a struggle.  The gate had not been messed with so I had to assume no zombie could get to her, if there had been another zombie wandering around.
“Calista?  It’s Sera,” I whispered into the emptiness.  Nothing.  I walked around the wooded area a bit waiting, as though traces of her would exhume for me from the earth and reveal tell-tale signs she had been here previously.
I pulled my phone out from my pocket and noticed the screen was cracked.  I couldn’t use it.  “You have to be kidding me.”
“What?”  Payce didn’t approach but did sound half way curious.
“You broke my phone.” I mumble.
“From saving you?”  He laughed, a bit loud and covered his hand over his mouth.  “Sorry sweet heart.  The Fold will be more than happy to get in touch with you in the future to get you a replacement.”
“No thanks,” I walk past him.  I couldn’t find Bryan with Payce following me around.  I just wanted to get home.
“So, where were you two headed anyway?” Payce asked.  I ignored him and kept walking.
“Why not stop by where-ever it was you were planning to go to?”  Payce was sounding too pleased with this new idea.  “It has to be closer to where we are now then going all the way home?”
“You want to go to a party?” I glanced at him.  “Where do you go to school?”
“I love parties, especially all the girls.” He smiled and looked over to me.  “I don’t go to school.  I’m ancient.”
“Then you’re a pervert.” I tell him.
“No,” Payce seemed offended.
“You say your ancient but you want to go to a party with high school girls?” I look at him.  “That makes you a pervert.”
“I’m seventeen.  I’ve just been at the status of seventeen for a long time.  That’s how we live so long. We age slowly.”
“How old is Roaden?”  I ask before I realize I’m asking.  Something about Roaden seemed ancient and new all at the same time.  His eyes were old and defined with unthinkable knowledge but his face was so flawless and contoured to fit in with ageless divinity.  I couldn’t even begin to find words as my heart seemed to be reborn in my memory of him.  “What can he do?”
“Roaden, is young and old at the same time, all the time.” Payce sighed.  His answer seemed as muddled as my bushel of words I ended up using when trying to describe what I saw when I looked at Roaden.  “What do you mean what can he do?”
“He’s a god?  He has powers or mutations or whatever, I don’t know.  Just, what are they?” I felt prickly with this line of questioning.  I knew Payce could tell I was squirming.  I just wanted to know if my curiosity of him was mine or something he could intentionally stir up in someone.  “Can he enchant people?”
Payce stopped dead in his tracks.  I looked over to him and though I couldn’t see his face, I could feel a change in the air.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“Nothing,” Payce looked up, the moon hit his sharp features.  “I’m trying to figure out what you mean.  Roaden is my best friend.  I won’t have anyone disrespect him.  You don’t know the life he has to live.”
“I just wanted to know if he could trick people.” I wanted more than that but I’d settle.  Payce’s resilient steadfast loyalty in Roaden reminded me I was out of line asking about some guy I’d probably never see again anyway.
“Roaden doesn’t trick people.  He doesn’t lie and he doesn’t deserve any criticism from a human.” Payce tells me.
“Forget it,” I shook my head and started walking again.  At this rate I’d be lucky to get home at all.  I was grateful when we entered a more heavily guarded area of Drear.  We stayed closer to shadows and stayed quiet. All the same, I kept getting the impression from Payce as he threw glances my way that his mind was busy trying to figure me out.  I wasn’t even sure what I had meant when I spoke.
I stopped us at the back gates that lead to my yard.
“Well, well there princess,” Payce sneered as he looked at my house.  “Nice pad.”
“I snuck out from the back.” I told him.  I wondered what would happen now.  Would I have to get my parents so Payce could tell them about the zombie? I felt nauseous.
“Your yard,” Payce, pushed the gate open and it slid quietly for him.  He touched the grass.  I watched him closely.  What was he doing?
“It really isn’t that special,” I mumble.
He looked up at me and smiled.  “It feels like spring.”
“So,” I kept casting glances at the house.  The lights were still off and the windows were darker then dark.
“No one is up,” Payce whispers to my concern.  I look down and he’s still on hands and knees only a chill passes by me.  “I just checked.”
Well, of course he did.  I start shivering all over again.
“My dad has a lawn care service.” I tell him.  I was used to our neighbors asking about it but this was ridiculous.
“Lawn care?  Right,” he smiles at me.  It makes me feel like he’s biting his tongue on what he’d really like to say to me.
“Tell Roaden, thank you.” I say suddenly.  “I’m so stupid.  I almost got killed and he helps me and I didn’t even say anything.”
“I will,” Payce does laugh slightly then.  It’s sort of awkward and for a moment I don’t believe him.  “Don’t I get a thank you?”
“Thanks,” I mutter.  “For breaking my phone.”
“We’ll be in touch, I’m sure of,” Payce says as he walks backwards and suddenly disappears, leaves flying up behind him.
I sneak back through the window and re-entered my dark room.  I was a girl on a mission to get her boyfriend back and now I was returning as . . . what?  I didn’t know. I didn’t feel like me anymore.  I wished I had been caught then I could go to Calista’s house to check on her or bust Gratter’s party.
And be hated by the only friend I have.  Not to mention get Bryan in trouble and shoot down any chance I had at getting him back.  I slid to the floor and took my boots off.  I didn’t know what else to do.  I pulled out the pendant Calista had given me.  It was different now.  Darker in color and so cold.  It was a dead star in my palm.  I didn’t even want to look at it.  I slid it back into my jacket.  Calista had to be ok.  She just had to.  I curled up and shivered until I finally fell asleep from exhaustion.




























Chapter Eight

I leaned back on the couch and stared at the stars that glinted in the sky over heard.   The skeleton house I called home had its bare bones left and the roof wasn’t needed since the weather is whatever I wanted it to be.  Tonight it is clear and vacuous without beginning or ending just . . . is.
I knew we were more than men.  We live longer; we have control of the elements and the force of life once life was granted.  My ancestors had been here so long they forgot their origin and the story was now allegories we couldn’t quit decipher.
I wish I knew more about my father before he passed on.  I wish he had told me this would happen.
It doesn’t matter, it just is.
My heart thumped heavily and I winced at the memory of Sera.  Her long strawberry blond hair and small gentle face.  Her eyes summoned me but I couldn’t stand looking into them, I didn’t want to see my own reflection.
I slipped into this new sensation.  It was warm and flooded my body when I imagined touching her face, when I imagined her touching me.  Fire ignited and burned my soul.
I fell into a hazy midsummer night dream.  The warmth in the air dimmed against the smoldering of my heat.  I saw Seraphin standing in a clearing, her face turned away and long hair grazing her bare arms.  The flowers stood to her thighs and brushed her vanilla skin.
She’ll never see you coming.
My pulse sped up and I growled as I finally reached her.  I enveloped her, wrapping around her waist and inhaling her scent and drowning in her soft hair, the scent of fruit and spring filling me completely.
No one will see.
I looked down at her face, eyes half masked.
You are mine.
I touch her mouth with my own covering so not even her breath will escape me and together we fall to the ground.  
Your life is mine.
I shot up from the couch.  I’d fallen asleep.  My heart beating fast and I look around.  I am still alone.  I sit and try to recover my senses.  This was very bad.   I had only just met her and I was consumed.
Don’t deny yourself.
No.
You’re a god.
I’m not a god.  We were merely god like to mortals.
Give her the world; give her the treasures of the dead.  She’ll forget where she is and learn to love what she has.
It was wrong. I knew it was wrong but the temptation overruled me.  I was alone in my head. I allowed myself to think of it just once.  I could imagine Sera’s eyes lighting up as I bestowed upon her the gift of diamonds, jewelry. I imagined filling a room for her and lighting candles as she smiled in awe at her new home.
I reached to touch her cheek, to touch her mouth; her lips would part for me, spring on my fingers and want on my tongue . . . 
It isn’t real.  I open my eyes and sighed.  It wasn’t real.  Her smile, her awe, wasn’t for me.
Don’t be a coward.
I’m not.  I shut down my mind hard. I need to think of other things.
A methodic thumping down the hall perks my ears.  With his visit he carries the remains of Sera on the wind.  I was glad to hear him then felt the twinge of jealousy.  He strolled nonchalantly through the door and shook his head at me.
“Hey,” he helped himself to the fridge that I kept stocked for Deter’s visits.
“No other problems?” I ask.
“No,” he bent down and picked up a beer.  “Nothing new in the land of the living.”
“Sera didn’t have anything else to say?” I asked.  She knew more then she volunteered I could tell by the way she shifted her eyes from mine and the weight seemed to hang on her shoulders when I we talked about who could have raised the zombie.
“Nope,” Payce threw himself in an oversized chair he deemed ‘his’ and stared up at the sky.
“She didn’t say anything about my appearance even after having some time to reflect on the evening?” I asked.
Payce didn’t speak right away.  I knew he heard me so I wondered what it was he needed to keep from me.  I was well aware of the usual reaction people gave to me.
“She freaked out,” he admitted his eyes stayed on the stars.  “The reality that she was really seeing you as what you are freaked her out.  She had this mild melt down before I got her home.  She just wanted to sneak back into her house and forget about what happened.”
“As expected,” I replied.
“Snotty little rich girl,” Payce continues.  “Something strange in the land of Drear, that’s for certain.  Not sure what exactly.  Probably nothing.  Forget I said anything.  I did get a quick lay out of his property.  I’ll draw it up for you.”
“I see,” I finally speak and Payce sips on the bottle.  I wish I could see.  I wanted to know more.  I wanted to know exactly what she said.  I wanted to know how her voice sounded when she said spoke.
“She thinks you’re a mutant,” Payce finally states.  He looks over to me.  “She’s nothing but conceited, I know the type.”
“She knows more than she volunteered,” I tell him.  Payce slides a leg up over the arm of the chair and readjusts himself.  He closes his eyes.  “She couldn’t even say thank you for saving her.”
I melted at this.  Sera.
“Deter will handle it,” his voice is soft and tired. “I could handle this for you.”
“I don’t want to discuss Drear right now.”
“She’s a way in you know.”
“Yes,” I did know.  I did have a way in now.  I just wasn’t sure how I was going to use it.
Deter will handle it.  I sit back and put my feet up on the coffee table.  This was the first time I a very long time I could remember Payce lying to me.  It made me want Sera even more.

********************************************

Bryan was standing under the tree we ate lunch at.  I left the building and started towards him.  I was so relieved to see him.  I wanted to tell him about the zombie.  I was crying by the time I got to him and collapse at his feet.
“Bryan,” I sob.
“Sera?”  Bryan’s voice was strained.  I didn’t care as long as he listened.  “Tell me what’s wrong.”
I was flooded with relief.  I spilled out the night I snuck out and Calista was now missing.  I grabbed him by the jacket and buried my face in his chest.
“Why did you leave me?”
“You’ve done this before.” The zombie girl is standing right next to me, her eyes very much alive and a rich beautiful golden brown.  I kneel next to her, her long brown hair blows in the wind tickling my face and there’s color in her cheeks.  I crumble inside and hug her up to me.
“Tell me who did this to you.  We’ll find them.” I whisper my promise to her.
She turns and runs from me disappearing so fast I lose her in a breath.  I’m no longer in front of the school I’m in my backyard and the girl is running into the thick brush and trees that border our land the woods behind.
“Don’t tell him I did it.”  Bryan’s frantic plea fills my ears.
“What?”  I look around and see Roaden standing several yards away.  His face hard and the glow are dim under the sun.  His blue eyes are possessive as he looks from me to Bryan.  I stand up and feel my heart lunge forward.
“Please,” Bryan whispers and the plea slides down my back creating a weight in my chest.  “Don’t tell him it was me.”
I can’t look away from Roaden.  He lifts his hands and his mouth parts.  I wait for words, I wait to hear his voice say my name and I weakly lean into him, encircled in his darkness.  His hand cradles my neck and tilts my head up.  I move for his silent lips . . . 

	I wake up and stretch clumsily.  The light swelled across my wood floor and was beaming me in the eyes.  It took me a second to realize I was still wearing jeans and my jacket.  I sat up.  I actually slept on the floor for several hours.  My joints ached as I forced my legs and arms to flex.  
	I feel the mush of my mind give way to a clear image of Roaden’s face.  I can’t believe I had a dream like that about a total stranger.
He did save my life.  I felt the disappointment in our kiss not coming together.  I touch my mouth and felt the ice cold of my own fingers.
 	The clock on my desk said it was almost 8.  I changed into pajamas and snuck down stairs.  I had to know what the news would say about the zombie.  Hopefully, there wouldn’t be any mention of a missing girl.  Not knowing about Calista was making me sick.
I sat patiently through the two reporters taking jabs at one another trying to be clever and funny.  It was too early for clever and nothing seemed funny.  How could they smile through the reports when a zombie was spotted just outside Drear?  People were going to freak.  Calista said not everyone liked living in Drear and found small pockets along the wall they could climb.  Zombies didn’t climb.  Of course, they weren’t supposed to charge at innocent peopled either but last night proved differently.
They droned on about the weather and even reported on the upcoming: Who grew the largest pumpkin? Contest.
“And that is all for us this beautiful Saturday morning . . .”
I turned it off.  Nothing.  They had to know.  Why wouldn’t they alert people?  Why wouldn’t they warn them?  Someone is raising zombies and for all I knew they were still out there.  What if they raise more?
I closed my eyes and pressed my temples, pressing down my growing frustration.  I stood very still and frowned.  I should just be grateful that there wasn’t a report.  I would have to be mentioned, right?
It attacked me and I’m the daughter of Drear.  My dad would lock me up forever?  I frowned.  Why am I trying to make my life more complicated than it needs to be?  I’d count myself lucky that they didn’t report it.  Maybe dad’s influence went beyond the wall?  I felt slightly queasy at the thought that he extended beyond our home.
Regardless, once I knew Calista was safe, I promised myself I would never do such a stupid thing ever again.
A soft scrapping on the floor rose the hair up on the back of my neck.  Someone was up?  I went to the main dining room and looked around. There was no one there.  I stepped into the main entry way and looked up to the landing of the second floor.  There was no one.
“Mom?” I called.  I felt a slight chill run through me as the zombie girl face flashed before me.  I stood as still as possible, holding my breath as my heart raced in my chest.
The soft tapping picked up again and floated from the kitchen, where I had just been.  I looked to the wall and noted the alarm system was on so if anyone had broken in the alarm would have sounded.  Accept my bedroom because I cut the switch to keep from setting it off when I snuck out.
I am an idiot.  I felt sick.  I had possibly allowed a thief to break in while my parents were sleeping. Such an idiot.
Taking a deep breath I went back to the kitchen.  The tapping stopped.  I braced myself before crossing the threshold.  I inched slowly through the door. . . 
 . . . Devon stared wide eyed at me.
“Devon!” I hissed.  Stupid cat!  I scooped him up off the counter and pressed his warm fur to my chest.  He didn’t struggle as I nuzzled him.  The warmth of him soothed me and he purred in response.
“You know you aren’t supposed to be in the house.” I tell him in a soft scold.  Mom hated cats, especially Devon.  Poor old Devon had been around as far back as I could remember.  I think he’d belonged to one of our housekeepers who didn’t take him with them when they left.
I took him upstairs to my room.  He immediately jumped from my arms and started sniffing around.  I lie on my bed and pet him whenever he walks by.  There wasn’t anything I could do but wait until it was closer to noon and then find Calista, if bad news about Calista didn’t find me first.

	





Chapter Nine

A soft pull leads me back to the road.  My lost lamb emerges from the woods again.
I took off my hat and anticipated her reaction.
“My name is Roaden.” I tell her.  For her this is the first time.  She smiles as tears fill her large blue eyes and spill down her cheeks.  She does not see the monster that Sera sees.  The thought wounds me slightly and then turns into a cold weight on my chest.
“I’m lost,” her voice shakes and she shutters.  “I think I might have hit my head or something.  I can’t remember.”
	I offer her my arm and upon securing her fingers in the crook of my elbow I take the lead once again.  “I am at your disposal.  How can I help?”	
She leans into me as we walk.  I wish this was how it was between me and Sera.  I wanted to walk with her in silence knowing her heart was beating with mine.
“I’ve not seen you around here before,” she starts nervously her voice trailing off.  She steals glances at me and shutters again.
“I know,” I whisper.  She stops us and pulls away slightly.  She looks up and down the street and I recognize the oncoming wave threatening to take her under again to maroon her back in a never ending push and pull of darkness.  The dark tow is stronger than mine at this time but she bobs up briefly and surprises me.
“No,” she shakes her head. “I’m dead?  No,”
	She is taking a turn as time catches up to her.  The little ghost has relived the experience several times and is looking to understand the end.  It is a crucial moment for her.  This small amount of time I can pause that will help her move beyond the death.
“Now, now,” I sooth.  “It’s over.  You are safe now. I promise.”
“Who are you?  Are you an angel?” Her cheeks are now stained with mud and tears as she looks up at me.  I smiled at her precious compliment.
“No,” I tell her.  “But I will walk with you in this as long as you need me to.”
“Why?”
“No one should be this alone,” I tell her.  It was so much more but her time was short and that was all she needed to hear.
“I think,” she rubs her head.  I can tell by the flicker in her eyes that time is running out for her and the story of her end will begin all over again soon.  “I think I remember my name.”
“This is very good,” I assure.  “Would you like to tell me?”
She smiles as the words cross her lips.  “My name is Marjorie.”
I take her dirt covered hand in mine and kiss the cool palm; she is cold under my kiss.  “Marjorie, it is very nice to finally be introduced to you.”
She smiles and it touches past all the turmoil I’d been feeling and for the briefest of moments; I am free.

****************************

I reluctantly shooed Devon out the window.  Mom was humming in the hallway and I couldn’t chance her finding him.  Though, she had failed to get rid of him yet.  I lost count of how many times she took him to a neighbor, the pound and then claimed to have even thrown him over the wall for a passerby to pick him up.  Devon always found a way back to me.
	I waited but mom didn’t stop by my room.  She was really into jogging right now.  She would probably be in the exercise room for a few hours.  The hum of the treadmill was comforting because I knew where she was as long as I could hear it.  She was taking her time this morning. 
	I looked at my clock.  Ten glowed back at me.  Too early to call Calista’s but not too early for Bryan.  My heart raced and a twist to my heart tightened my chest.  What would I say?  Ask him what he did last night?  Ask him if Gratter really was raising the dead to speak to him?  Ask him if he knew anything about the zombie?  Ask if he raised it?
	I need to know he wasn’t involved.  And if he was?  I sighed as I got up.  If he was involved I wasn’t sure what I would do.  I guess I would need to know why?	I stepped out of my room and walked to the phone in the hall.  Not having my cell was strange.  I didn’t have the internet at my palm.
I held the phone and felt the familiar swelling of pain in my chest.  I must have talked to Bryan almost every day for the past two years.  It was so natural, such a habit to call him and talk to him about things going on, new treatment options, Calista’s exploits.
I needed to talk to him about Gratter but I also wanted to hear his voice.   Bryan doesn’t want to talk to me.
I placed the phone on the receiver.  I wondered how it started.  When the moment was his feelings for me began to unravel?  When did he know?  I felt the swelling become a raw painful lump in my throat.  What had I done to start this domino effect?
I couldn’t think of a time that he seemed uninterested.  We held hands, kissed and even talked about things to do this weekend.  What happened?  Was it because of what was going to happen at Gratter’s?  It made more sense to me that he would want to protect me than to think he woke up one day and just didn’t love me anymore.
“Honey?” Mom’s voice surprised me and she laughed at my reaction.  My cheeks burned as I realized I had been caught ‘acting out of the ordinary’.  Mom was already suspicious.  It was a big deal that I not have too much stress in my life.  It seemed to bring on the illness I’d be fighting since I was little.  If only she knew.
“So, what are you and Bryan doing today?” She took a drink from her water bottle.  She was dressed for the gym which wasn’t unusual for Saturday.  She was probably about to jog a few miles.  I wondered if my unknown illness made her exercise even more to stay strong and healthy.  “I have your couple costumes to pick up this week.  You will look so nice.  I know you wanted the blue but I didn’t think it would look right if we both wore blue.  I had them change the color to silver and white.  Hope you don’t mind.”
“No,” I didn’t want to talk about mom’s party.  I hated them.  All these people pretending to be nice so they can walk through our house and look at all the stuff we owned.  At least with Bryan it was tolerable.  Last year we spent most of it in the kitchen playing cards with Stella and Ryan.  What will I do this year?
“Make sure Bryan cuts his hair,” mom continues.
“It’s a masquerade ball theme,” I remind her.  “Who cares about the length of his hair?”
“He looks like a floor mop,” mom laughs.  “He can cut it once a year for your party.”
I hated when she called it my party.  If it was my party, I’d still be wearing the blue dress and mom would be in something else.
“Is he coming over today?”  Her eyes twinkled.  Me having a boyfriend gave us something to talk about.  Mom liked the gossip of it.  I think she missed high school.
I looked down at my feet.  I had to tell her.  “We broke up.”
“What?” Mom held her slight smile very still and she shook her head.  I could tell she was already rethinking seating arrangements.  “What do you mean?  Did you just decide you didn’t want to date anymore?  Why?”
	“It just,” I sighed.  Why couldn’t I just tell her he dumped me?  I found her eyes waiting for a response and it made me want to crawl into a hole.  “It just wasn’t working.  We’ve been together for a while.  I guess things were sort of  . . .  boring.”
	Her head tilted to the side and her smile became real again.  “Well,” she shifted and touched my arm.  “You’re much too young to be tied down to one boy anyway let alone settling for someone you aren’t happy with.”
	“It’s hard,” I fought back the tears.  I fight the lump in my throat.  I want to go to Bryan’s house and demand to know what the hell is going on.  I want to know if he really is over me or if there is something else going on.  Secretly, I’m hoping I’m right.  I’m hoping the break up isn’t real.  I’m hoping the things he said aren’t true.  My mother sighs.
“Of course it is,” she hugs me, stiff and smelling of soap and mint. “He’s a nice boy who was very polite and friendly. The nice ones can be the hardest to break up with.”
“Maybe things will change,” I tell her as she slides her arm into mine and leads me down the hall.
“Oh, honey, it isn’t likely.  Once the heart decides it’s usually already moving beyond the moment before you even realize it.”  She gave my arm a squeeze.  “I bet you struggled with this for a while?  Spending time with him wishing you could feel the same way?  It is hard, but you can’t be something you’re not.
“Right,” I agree feeling a terrible cloud coming over me.  If Bryan did want to break up, it may really be over, if mom’s correct.
“You know, Bryan went through a lot this last year.  You were there when he needed a real friend.”  She stops us at my bedroom door and straightens my disheveled hair dangerously close to my eyes.  “It can change everything.  The way you see the world.  The way you see yourself in the world.”
“I know,” I agreed solemnly.  My theory was getting away from me the more mom talked. “I just thought that was the type of thing that cemented relationships.”
“Sometimes being around the people that were with you during such a horrible ordeal as his family was, can make it difficult to move past that moment.  Seeing them can remind you of how things used to be and what they can never be again.  That isn’t your fault.  You’re too young to have to deal with such things.  It isn’t fair for either one of you.  Don’t feel bad. Now lay down, you luck pale.”
“I will,” I say weakly.
“You and your father both carry your burden’s right on your sleeve,” she smiles and rubs my arm.
“I haven’t seen dad for a while,” I sigh.  I missed him but he was a definite climate change in the house.  Mom was more about manners and appearance and Stella didn’t talk as much and it seem heightened when dad was here.
“Work has its ups and downs,” her smiled shrank a bit.  “It has been down for a while.  All you need to know is that your father is a healer but he can’t save everyone.”
I was proof of that.
“Go on baby,” she gestured to my door.  “Go lay down for a while.  It’s getting to the time of year.  Daddy will be scheduling your blood work to make sure you’re ok enough for the big event.”
Mom kissed my forehead and walked on down to the stairs.  I watched her go, her blond ponytail a straight line down her back.  I felt like I was being crushed under the weight of my new secrets and the added realization around Bryan’s breakup was caving in on me.
I got dressed and decided I needed to find something out to relieve the pressure.  I needed to find Calista and know she was ok.   I needed at least one less thing holding me down.







Chapter Ten


	Mutant?  She thinks you’re a mutant.
	Can’t say our people aren’t.  It would explain this new manifestation of the mind.  I had not slept much.  I returned Marjorie to the world and wondered when she would be back and if she would really need my help.  She was moving forward faster than most.  She wouldn’t really need a guide; she was on the right track.  My chest clinched. I had promised her, as I had others, that I would help them . . . but this had been unseen.
	You think you can run?  You think you can hide?  The voice was hiss that rose up from the dark and spoke freely of my deepest thoughts.  I was ashamed to admit to myself this was me.
	I need to protect her.
	From me.  
From me.
	 I drifted in and out of sleep.  I was afraid of my dreams.  Afraid of what I’d do in them.  My deepest desire without restraint.  I wouldn’t stop.  
	I saw her standing on a hill standing to close to a boy.  I felt the fire inside of me rage up and I wanted to crush him.  I wanted to snuff him out in fire and ice.  I approached and her eyes lifted to mine and I was soothed.  I was calm.  I started to reach for her . . . 
	Then, I awoke.
 	So close.
	So close to perfection.  
	“Master Roaden, Sir,” 
	I jumped up from the couch and turned to stare into Deter’s eyes.  He was standing in the threshold, his face grim and gray in Hades light.  A new sorrow was coming up throw the cracks of my humanity.  Deter’s time with the living was coming to an end.  I couldn’t deny the fading light in him when he stood in Hades domain.
	“Come,” I summoned and he entered, his heavy boots clicking against the stone as he went to the kitchen and swiftly made himself tea. 
	I was not looking forward to his report.  I was tangled up in Sera’s very breath and craved every aspect that concerned her.  Perhaps this case would be easily solved and I could go to the Fatum Lands for a few years.  I would never rstop moving, the demons the wandered never slept and always screamed.  I could get lost for a while and re-emerged after Sera had passed on.
	“Sir?”  Deter’s voice echoed in the room.
	“Yes?” I shook my head.
	“I asked how you were doing?” he politely averted his eyes that were questioning me and poured his water into a white porcelain cup.
“Not, well,” I admitted and paced the room.
“I see,” he mumbled.  He walked to his chair and sat down. I could hear the cushions give under him.  Deter preferred softer furniture.  I was more than happy to accommodate him.  He was the only human I allowed free passage between here and Hades, anyone else would need me to escort them.  After Lorelei’s escape I stripped all privileges from any and all that had the ability to run freely into Hades and out again.  Even Payce had restrictions, the things we didn’t talk about.
“Sir,” Deter’s voice was lower, looming behind me chasing my shadow.  I had not realized I was circling the room.  “I have the report. I think you’ll find it . . . interesting.”
“Interesting?” I echoed.  The dark in me rolled over, I could almost feel the beast rising up.
Sera.
	“It isn’t final but it is interesting,” he raises his brows. “I had a more seasoned veteran run the autopsy.”
	“Fine,” I sink into the chair and Deter pulls a vanilla envelope from his coat.  He tosses it on the table and it slides to me.  I pick it up and skimmed the report.
The zombie was approximately seven to ten when she died.  The deceased has been dead for nearly ten years.  White skin and dark hair.  Eyes and teeth removed. ‘X’ placed across each eye with coal and three written across the mouth.  The zombie was filled with fine grain sand.
	“Professional,” I mumble as anticipation built.  This was a signature old move Dr. Drear’s grandfather used.
	“The sand is from Egypt,” Deter tells me.  “There is no report of a grave disturbed.  We are still working on an ID for the body.  It will take a while, if she was registered when she passed away.”
	“Egypt?”  No one comes to mind with the ability to do this.  Must be an underground black market shop.  
	“There’s more.” Deter looked down at the pages.  I continued to read.
Seraphin Drear.  My chest throbbed into full bloom at the name, and then the thorns pricked the surface.  Drear.
“This is because of him!”   I growled.  Sera would not be Constance.  Another I had failed.
“Yes, Stephen Drear’s daughter was the one attacked.  I find that interesting,” Deter began slowly.  I continued to summon my control but the anger was still prickly along my skin.  I wanted to make Dr. Drear suffer.  I wanted to take him to the catacombs of Hades and leave him in a specially designed hell alone with all his victims.
“Roaden?  I think perhaps we need to discuss Seraphin,” Deter decided calmly.
“What about her?” I breathed out.  Her name in the air was cool against my burning rage.  The daughter of my enemy.  The key to finally undo my enemy.
“Inside the mouth was the target of the intention,” Deter took a small plastic bag from his chest pocket and handed it to me.  Small pink fabric cut in a triangle. “For now this is not in the report.  If it was made official then we would have to let the others know and they’d wonder why an investigation wasn’t happening.  Are we afraid of Drear?”
	I couldn’t look from the fabric.  I tried to read it like a sheet filled with information but nothing came to mind.  Whoever did this was a master.  I had not met someone this good in previous cases.  I wondered what kind of man could have done this.  “Who would have the ability to do this?  The focus of the zombie and the wielding of a weapon was good but if this was all that was found to target Seraphin?”
“A true master?” Deter watched me holding the fabric to my chest.  “Or a few necromancers working together.  I’ve asked Garn to review past files to see if this has happened before.”
	A few?  Yes, that was interesting.  “That would be new.”
	Save her.  The voice stirs me. You’d be doing her a favor.  Then crush Dr. Drear.
	I turned to face Deter.  Deter’s eyes were small and worried.  The years wore across his skin and stretched thin across his bones.  He kept his head shaved and bushy dark brows were still risen up at my outburst.  
	“If you choose not to take this opportunity to take down Dr. Stephen Drear, I will respect your decision.”  Deter decides.  I laugh.
	“She has brought something out of me,” I tell him.  My voice startles him as I physically fight to keep my confession to myself.  I have to tell someone.  I have to tell someone who in the end would be able to protect her from me.  “A voice that is unsettled and demanding.  I want her. I deserve her.”
	I throw the papers down.  The last of my words were not what I meant.  Not what I want them to be.
“I would leave you to deal with this and work in Fatum until her time on earth is done or my obsession runs out,” I admit.  I look over to him and frown at his sympathy.  I don’t deserve sympathy.  “I want to kidnap her Deter, I want to force her to stay with me even though I know it’s wrong.  I know it is my father’s sin.”
“I see,” Deter rested his cup on the saucer and balanced the saucer on the arm of the chair.  “So it is time.  Time for your years of practicing good humanitarian efforts, compassion and reason- all to be put to the test now.”
“The test?” I almost laugh at the absurdity.  “This is a being taking control of me.  It does not sleep.  It does not reason.  It simply is a constant demand of her presence.”
	“It is your test, Sir,” Deter sighs.  “I cannot pretend to understand your people and their temptations but I imagine they’re great.  You cannot control the wind and not have to answer to the sky once in a while.  Once the answer is given then you truly deserve the gift of the wind’s resource.”
“I am a hurricane feeling entitled to this girl and her affections,” I growl.  Deter was being too . . . too humane towards what I was facing.  “I feel the right.  This is a person’s life I’m feeling a right to invade.”
	“Roaden,” his voice commanded.  I meet his eyes and feel the connection to my dearest friend.  “You will do this.  You will confront your fears and desires and you will rise above.  We need you.  We cannot take Lorelei even if we found her.  You will stay here and you will do your job.”
“And if I start to crumble?” I smirk.  I wanted to take Deter’s confidence in me and make it breathe in my chest as my own, douse the voice threatening me and live as he believes I am.
	“You have practiced being a good person to break from the shadow of your grandmother,” Deter points out.  “Now you will overcome this and become a good man.”
	I want to be a good man.  But inside the flare-up crests my senses and her names sets fire to my veins.  The blaze is all consuming.  It even burns brighter than my desire to avenge the dead against Dr. Drear.






Chapter Eleven


	I had never been to Calista’s house but I knew where it was.  She had given me a tour of her neighborhood one day after school so I could see how the ‘other half’ live, or to her they were the majority of residence in comparison to ‘my people.’  They weren’t my people but when I entered her neighborhood for the first time I did have a strange sense of what she meant.  I tried to hide it but I was surprised by the small box shaped houses.  They were painted in happy colors, white, yellow and trimmed with red or black but they still seemed suffocating to me.  I was embarrassed by my reaction.
	Calista never stepped foot in my house.  It was our secret.   Our friendship was something my dad couldn’t find out about.  Or Dr. Stein for that matter.  Calista had lived in the house ten years ago with her mother.  We had more maids then.  Her mother was a maid and I used to play with Calista on the days my T-Cell count was healthy.  They left abruptly and Calista never told me why.   She never told me what happened once they left either.  I wanted to know why she was in foster care.  Calista was good at keeping important things to herself.  I was determined to do the same.
	I turned a corner and a few kids road by on bikes.  I watched them go by, the wind in their hair.
“Ouch,” I looked down at my throbbing foot.  I had stepped right into a root that had forced its way through the sidewalk.   I leaned down and rubbed the side of my leg as the pain slowly subsided.  Good job.  Just great.  A twisted ankle was all I needed.  How would I explain that to my mom who thinks I’m still in my room resting?
I kept a steady pace as I made my way to less familiar and much smaller housing. I wasn’t used to walking for forty minutes but I didn’t know how the buses worked and I didn’t want the driver taking me out here.  Anywhere the driver took me meant my parents would know. 
	I stopped at the corner of Hunter.  I could see Calista’s foster home.  It was still with un-kept bushes in the front and leaves falling down like yellow drops of rain as the wind came through.  My heart sped up.  Please be home Calista.
	I took a step and almost tripped.  I looked at the sidewalk and through the cracks, dried weeds tangled.  I had to jerk my foot to get it free.  
	I walked up the drive and paused before knocking on the door.  I noticed the doorbell but wondered if that was too loud.  It wasn’t early but Calista said Mrs. Dwight had a temper.  I waited and just when I thought maybe I should have rung the bell, the door opened abruptly.  A tall thin woman with sunken eyes and a cigarette hanging out of her mouth looked down at me.
“Mrs. Dwight?  I’m Sera, I was wondering if Calista was up?”
She smiled her thin lips disappearing when they spread across her bony face and she opened the door wider.  I stepped in under her arm and was immediately in the living room.  An overstuffed room with a couch and two arm chairs worn and faded.  I immediately filled my nose with smoke as it seemed to hang in the air with nowhere else to go.  A large TV was on, set on mute.
“She’s not up yet,” Mrs. Dwight replied, she walked past me and picked up a laundry basket from the chair.  “Have a seat.”
	I did as told, itching to go down the hall.  I sat on a spot Mrs. Dwight cleared for me.  She put a pile of folded towels on top of another stack of folded shirts.
	“So,” Mrs. Dwight sat down and I suddenly felt like a spot light would shine down as her piercing eyes dissected me.  I felt like I was about to be tested.  I was Calista’s friend and had never been over before.  I needed to pass.  
I really needed to know that Calista was alive and well in her room.
“You are Sorrel’s girl?” her tone even.
“Yes, ma’am,” my politeness didn’t have much effect as she leaned back and held her cigarette in her right hand.
“I went to high school with her” Mrs. Dwight’s voice was even and I understood the tone.  I could just imagine my mother in high school living off the hill and Mrs. Dwight most likely wasn’t, or she’d still be there.  I took comfort to know what ever I said to Mrs. Dwight would most likely never get back to my mother.”
“Was she as dramatic then as she is now?” I asked sounded more annoyed then I really felt.  I felt badly about selling out mom but it worked.  Mrs. Dwight choked on her cigarette and laughed, the stream of smoke coming out in chunks as she caught her breath.
	“She has more money now,” Mrs. Dwight pointed out.  “And time to play with it.”
“That is an understatement,” I agreed.  I looked down the hall.  “Is it ok if I get Calista?”
“At your own risk,” Mrs. Dwight rubbed her eyes and smiled.  “Last door on the left.”
“Thanks,” I smiled.  She shook her head at me.  She grabbed the remote and the sound from the TV started up.
I started down the hall, a floor board creaking under foot.  On either side were numerous pictures of Mrs. Dwight’s past foster kids.  I wondered how many she had.  Calista made her sound too controlling and invasive.  I knew Calista liked rules because she liked a challenge.  I wondered how accurate her description of Mrs. Dwight was now.   She seemed easy going enough.  It wasn’t like she’d ever seen me before and she was letting me walk through her house to get Calista.
I came to the door and paused.  What would I do if Calista wasn’t here?  I felt panicked.  I grabbed the knob and pushed the door open.
I let out an audible sigh of relief.  Calista was sprawled out across her bed, most of her bedding on the floor.
“Calista?” I whispered.  She stirred slightly, frowning.  I was slightly annoyed that she’d be sleeping so soundly after I spent half the night frantic about her.  I raised my voice.  “Calista, its Sera, wake up.”
Calista opened her eyes and blinked.  “Sera?”
I stepped in and quickly shut the door.  Calista sat up, her jaw dropped.  “Sera?  What the hell?”
I stepped over some laundry – recognizing a few shirts I had given to her after a shopping trip with mom and stacks of CD’s on the floor to awkwardly sit in a beanbag chair by her dresser.  Calista shook her head at me her dark hair a disheveled layered mess framing her long face, her eyes were an emotion I wasn’t sure of.  I was just relieved.
“What happened to you?  Did you lie to me about going out?” she whispered with a slight hiss.
I shrank back.  I didn’t lie.  “No, I was attacked.”
Calista’s expression changed, almost like the wind had been knocked out of her.  “No way!”
I shook my head relieved at her re-action.
“Who?” she asked her voice was slightly skeptical sounding now.  My answer was in no way going to sound any more believable.
“A zombie,” I whispered.
Calista stood up and looked down at me her eyes slits and last night’s eyeliner smeared in a smoky shadow electrifying her hazel eyes.  “A what?”
“A zombie, the Fold came and stopped it,” I watch as she nervously started rummaging through her room, she picked up a large sweat shirt and slips it on.  Then I remembered, Roaden had given me Deter’s card to call if I had more information.  I pulled it out of my jacket pocket and showed it to her.
“Outside,” she orders, her cigarettes in hand.  I slipped the card back in my pocket.  I smiled politely at Mrs. Dwight who was busy watching her show as we went passed her.
I follow Calista through the kitchen marveling at the small oblong shape of the room and out the back door I was used to hearing over the phone.
“Tell me exactly what happened,” she pulled out a cigarette and lit it, the steady stream of smoke disappearing in the air over her head.
“I was on Down’s Lane and half way to you when this thing stepped out onto the road, it just stood there for a moment.  I wasn’t even sure what it was. What she was.” I felt myself growing cold as I remembered the zombie child.  “It was horrible.  It was a little girl.”
I sunk down on the step and felt the cold go through my jeans.  “She was waving this knife at me.  It was horrible.”
“What?  Are you sure?” Calista breathed out.  “Do they know who it is or who raised it?”
“They said they’d investigate to find out.” I repeated to her.
“I’m assuming your parents don’t know.” She tapped the cigarette and ash blew away in the breeze.
“No,” I agree.  “Where were you?”
“What do you mean?” she asks.
“I told them I was meeting you,”
“What?” Calista rolled her eyes.  I felt suddenly bad.  I knew I could have gotten her into trouble but the alternative was worse, at least in the moment.  “I can’t believe this.”
“They checked for you and then so did I and you weren’t there,” I continued quickly.  “What was I supposed to do?  I didn’t know if that thing had gotten you or not. I kept imagining you as its first victim.  It was coming from your direction.”
Calista took a long inhale of her cigarette before she’d look at me. “What did they say?  I mean, are they going to show up at my house?  Mrs. Dwight has me on one last stand.  One more major screw up and I’m out of here.”
“Sorry,” I didn’t know what else to say.  “They said Drear is out of their jurisdiction and they didn’t contact my parents.  They didn’t even show up in the news.  Because this is a ‘closed community’.”
Calista scoffed and sarcastically replied, “Yeah, it is pretty tightly sealed.  They don’t let just anyone in.”  She turned to me suddenly.  “So what now?  Going to tell daddy I talked you out of your house last night?”
“Calista,” I felt the words like a hit to my stomach.  “I wouldn’t do that.”
“Right,” Calista shook her head, her eyes were tearing up and she looked away from me.  “I wouldn’t blame you.  You’re upbringing I guess.  I mean, you have to live here, I’d just be sent to another foster family.  Karma is such a bitch.”
“No,” I tell her.  “I wouldn’t do that.  You don’t know people as well as you think you do sometimes.  You think I have some power to change the way of the world in Drear because of my father’s place in it.  He doesn’t care what I think.  He only cares about my white cell count or my CAT scans.”
Calista didn’t budge from her frozen stance against the house.  I wanted her to say something after I’d just bled out my secret frustration and hurt.  No one knew what it was like being sick on and off since the day I was born.  They didn’t understand all the tests and all the panic that went with a simple cold because maybe it wasn’t just a cold.
“Forget it,” I shook my head and brushed my eyes clear.   “Forget I said all that.”
I realized Calista was the only one that didn’t treat me like a freak.  I wouldn’t want her to start.  She was my only friend.
“I didn’t give them your last name,” I tell her.  “I didn’t tell them where you live.  If you get in trouble so will I.”
I knew it wasn’t a comfort.  I’d get grounded; Calista would get packed up and kicked out of the area to who knew where.  I sat silently and she shifted.
“Why didn’t you text me?”  Her voice was calmer and lower than before.
“No signal outside the wall then when I was back in Drear, my phone was broken.” I tell her.  She looks down and the tension stays between us.  I wonder how long she’ll be angry but I have other things to confront first.
I looked back at the door to make sure Mrs. Dwight wasn’t checking on us.  “Do you think Gratter did it?”
“I would definitely have to give the greasy drop-out some credit if he did.” Calista decided.
“I’m serious,” I leaned forward.  “The rumors that Gratter wants to raise the dead, the parties, maybe he finally did.”
“It would seem logical,” Calista leaned up again the house and stared at the sky.
“Do you think so?” I asked her.  I felt like she wasn’t as committed to the idea as I was.  The very thought of a person wanting to raise the dead and a person actually being able to raise the dead was beyond imaginable.  I guess I was expecting her to show more distaste towards the idea.
“Well,” she let a stream of gray escape her pale lips.  “They are the only local people who talk about it enough.  I guess I’m just trying to figure out why they would have raised a kid and then sent her on attack mode?”
“I’m going to talk to Bryan,” I tell her.  Her head snaps back and she shakes her head.
“No,” she insists.  “I think you should let this and Bryan go too.  Just consider yourself lucky.”
“If they investigate and find out it was Gratter, Bryan could get in trouble for just being associated with him.” I point out.
“He is associated with him,” Calista grumbles.  “He’s made his bed Sera, let him lie in it.  He dumped you.  Remember?”
Yeah how could I forget?  “Bryan is a good person. He’s just going through a tough time.  He would not be part of this.  It was a child.”
“Don’t do this,” Calista rubbed her head irritated.  “Don’t defend the jerk and don’t go around telling anyone else we broke curfew.  Please.  Just lay low for a while and I’ll see you at school Monday.”
I couldn’t break from her intense stare.  I had not known Calista was about to get kicked out of Mrs. Dwight’s.  I wondered why she was willing to chance so much last night but not now.  Maybe even the daring who like to challenge rules have limits.  It had been an insanely close call.
“Ok,” I tell her and her whole body seems to relax.  “I won’t tell anyone else.”







Chapter Twelve	

Seraphin Drear.
	A drop of rain on the tongue.
I pressed my temple, pressing down the voice nesting inside me.   I knew Deter was right and I needed to do my job.  It was more important to find Lorelei now and return to our home together.
Is this how Lorelei felt?  Is this what you denied her?  I stopped pacing the hall and paused.  I had not considered what my rejection was to her needs.  She was always curling around my whims and purring at my words while I felt nothing but distaste at the indecent notion.
I looked out the large arch way window and watched the dark clouds swirl overhead.  The barren wood lay beneath littered with forgotten objects lost at sea or forgotten on earth.  When things rust or turn to dust, they re-emerged here, everything has a resting place.  I spent many years as a boy adventuring through forgotten cars and trains.  I missed finding enjoyment from the little things.  I missed thinking my world was a good one.
I miss my mother.
I pushed off the wall and soared to the ground.  The fall was temporary relief to the chaos of my head and briefly freed me from the wanting heart.  I landed easily, dust swirling under my boots.  I started walking.  I could at least see what was new, if it could be called that.
I came to a cliff and looked down at the dried ravine.  I smiled.   A Ferris wheel sat in its new resting place.  I slid down the side and landed with ease.  I had ridden one once.  It was  . . . interesting though not at all as thrilling as a running car.
I looked up at the swaying seats, squeaking in the wind.  It must have been a devastating destruction to get the whole thing here.  Or it was crushed for metal.  That was a possibility too.
It was the closest thing I had to a hobby.  This was my human playground.  The old relics had a home here and I had a chance to be near things otherwise denied to me.  I started dusting the red sand from the Ferris wheel. The shine of the metal began to come through.  It would be a beautiful relic of urban decay, given a second wind here.
My mind was calming now that I’d had a brief time to focus my energy on something else.  I wanted Drear.  It was personal.  I could admit that.  I needed Sera, also personal but I wouldn’t let a sleeping monster within my soul overtake me.  I’d been striving to be better than my father for a long time.  Deter was right.  This was my test.
I could not leave Sera to the same fate as I left Constance.  I didn’t know what would happen to me if I did.  I only had one option.
I would be the one to break the rules.
And take the girl, the low hiss tantalized and my heart squeezed in my chest.
I would not take anyone.  I would not force anyone to stay with me.  Not in life or death.
“Wow,” Payce appeared beside me, surprising me from my deep thoughts.  “So, Deter told me about Seraphin Drear.”
“Yes,” I mumble and wipe my hands with a handkerchief from my breast pocket.  “The irony the world likes to play makes you almost think the gods still house themselves in Mt. Olympus.”
“What’s the plan?” Payce cut to the chase.  “We should just go in and make this guy disappear.”
“Yes,” I agreed and folded the handkerchief.  “I wish I could but Dr. Drear’s community is a staple, an example for the other communities.  If anything happens to him, we’d be proving him right about us.”
“Screw him!” Payce kicked a screw left in the dust and it shot off like a bullet.  He echoed my sentiment.  “I’m tired of this!  The police can’t touch him.  The dead can’t reach him because of the wall and now we can’t because everyone else will freak out!  They don’t know what he’s done!”
“No, they don’t.” I agreed.  I started back up to the house and Payce quietly follows.  I could feel the tension running off him.  “We have to think of our Fold Members.  They have to work in the world alongside the living and fear can turn into a dangerous mob.”
“The Fold is strong,” Payce grumbles.
“The Fold has each other, the ones gifted that we have not found yet will be at greater risk.  Imagine if we had not found Deter?”  I frowned.  Deter was seven years old in a small town of Germany.  He was raising bugs from the dead and forcing confessions from his classmates.  If we had not found him, his small community would have branded him a witch and Deter would have had an ‘accident’ before he could mature into an adult.
“Roaden,” Payce sighs, “I really think this might be the closest you get to this man.  This is the break you’ve been waiting for since . . .”
“I realize this,” I stop him at the door; stop him from finishing his sentence. Constance hangs in all our hearts.  But how was I to know? I know now and that was the best I could do. “But I have a responsibility.”
“Yes,” Payce started to leave.  “That’s bitten you in the ass before.”
I know.
“Send for Deter.” I tell him and turn as Payce smiles.
“Right away,” his voice stays in the room, but his fleeting feet have already carried him away.
You know what you want to do.  What you intend to do.
I will stop Dr. Drear.  Nothing else.
You can have both now.
I paced the foyer; the clouds outside the gothic archways stirred in faraway turmoil and yawned forever in gray.
Why are you doing this to yourself?
I looked down at the Ferris wheel; the wind turned the giant wheel.  The darklings were playing with it, the ghost children.  I would repair the lights on it so they could have the full benefit.
One person for the countless you’ve helped.  This is the closest you will ever be.
I could feel my chest caving in.  I did deserve something more than this.  I did want more than The Fold, than my friendships.  Why couldn’t I have a child from the sun?
I hated the voice.  I hated it being part of me.  I hated how much I wanted someone who would never want me.
I lay on the couch and summoned sleep to give my mind a break.  I dreamed of the multi colored red and blond hair until Deter woke me.
“Sir?” Deter stood extremely upright and head tilted peering down at me.  “I received word from Payce that you’ve something urgent to discuss?”
“Yes,” I sit up feeling the voice inside awakening as well, thunder from the deep.
“I have been thinking of this at great length,” he sat across from me; ignoring the fact that coffee table was still on the other side of the room in pieces.  “I am pleased that you’ve decided to intervene.”
“I can’t believe we’re this close to him,” Payce comes over the top of the couch and sits.  “I really didn’t think this day would come.  Kind of thought the bastards would have to die off to be honest.”
“Intervene?”  I look at him.  He freezes in place, though I can read his eyes.  Disappointment is filling them and drowning in the blue.
“I assumed Sir, you were going to break the rules and go after Dr. Drear?  I was preparing to have our attorney’s contact his so I could officially speak to Seraphin Drear.”
Sera.
“No,” I hold my head.  Why couldn’t I press this voice down?
You’ve already decided.  We know what you’re going to do.  We know what you’re going to let them believe.
“We have volunteers who would go into Drear outside of the Fold,” Deter continued.  “Dr. Drear’s family has hurt many people.  Several of our members have family that went missing over the generations.  They are more than willing to take the risks.”
“Please don’t do this,” Payce moaned as I shook my head.  “I can make him disappear for you.  No one will have to know.  Just take on some big case where everyone is accounted for and while the world is watching them, BAM, Drear disappears in the night.”
“No,” I mumble.
I stood up and went to the small desk.  I returned with paper and pen along with a sealed envelope.  I held the paper and pen out to Deter.
“Write their names down,” I order.  Deter looks from the paper to me.  Reluctantly he does as told giving Payce a look as he scribbles the names down.
“Roaden?” Payce moves forward.
“You’re going to do me one favor before you leave.”  I tell him before he can start.
“Where am I going?” he asks slowly.
“To Canada,” I announce.  Deter stops writing and looks up at me.  I take the sheet from him and look over the names.  There are five in all.  Not as many as I thought but that was ok.  This would work.  I flip the sheet over and give it to Payce.  “You will take these men with you.  You will meet our brothers in the North and visit.  I want you to detail them on Lorelei.  Deter will go over past cases and make sure there aren’t any hints of Lorelei that we’re missing.”
“Roaden?” Payce shook his head, leaving the paper in my hands.
“You will deliver a message to Miss Drear for me,” I add without hesitation, sliding the small envelope to him.  He needs to believe this is nonchalant.  He needs to think there is nothing interesting about Sera.  At least, not interesting to me.
Payce chews on my words.  I can see Deter tense and the silence hangs around us.  He takes the paper.  “What will you do?”
“I will pursue Dr. Drear.  I will do this with or without Seraphin’s assistance.  I will not allow The Fold this tarnish.  I will handle this privately.”
Deter raises up.  “Payce, do as he says.”
Payce takes the envelope and starts away.  “It’s all about Drear.” I tell him as much for my sake as it is his.  He turns and gives me pause before leaving.
“Things are bad for him,” Deter whispers even though Payce is far from us now and would not hear.  I look in him in the eyes and nod in agreement.  Deter straightens up and shifts his jacket.
“First things first,” I tell him.  I know they are bad. “Keep in touch with me when you get to Canada.”
“I will,” he rubs the rim of his hat in his hands and circles it.  “The Fold will be spread thin with the group split.  Drear won’t have so many eyes on it.”
“I understand,” I agree.  “There really hasn’t been much of late.  There’s no reason to have so many here.”
“Officially,” Deter smiles slightly, “No, Sir, there hasn’t been much lately.  No reason to waste our boy’s time.”
My heart beats heavily and I can see Sera’s face looking up at me. I wonder what she’ll do but have already decided I can’t let her tell me no.
The voice is quiet.





	

Chapter Thirteen

	I couldn’t go the whole weekend without hearing Bryan’s voice.  I did the mature thing and called his house just to hang up on him when he answered.  I didn’t know what I was going to say but knew zombie conversations should be done in person.
I also kept pulling Deter’s business card out.  The thick off white was stark against the type writer type.   
Deter Barren
The Fold Unit 1A
I wondered how many units there are.  The phone number glared at me.  I wanted to call.  I wanted to know if they found out anything.  I wanted to know if the girl really did attack me.  I wanted to know who she was.  Who she was before she died.  I wanted to know the person that would use her like that.
Not a girl, a zombie.   The girl wasn’t there anymore.  It sounded horrible and I hated thinking that way but it did make it easier.
I took my pills for the first time in months and actually felt worse than ever.  It was the only break I had from the whirlwind of ‘what ifs’ in my head.  What if Bryan helped raise a zombie?  What if he knew it would attack someone?
Then I thought of Roaden.  I didn’t mean to, he just started creeping up.  I would think of his intense eyes as they watched me.  He looked as though he was my age but he didn’t act it.  He was assured and his presence was encompassing.  I wanted to be near it again.  I wanted to be near his light.
Ashamed, I’d remember Bryan was who I kept in my heart.  Even though he dumped me.  Even though I was boring.  I still knew he’d never hurt me or anyone.  The questions would start up again.
I rolled into myself with my questions circling my mind and not stopping until I had run back into myself again.  I was relieved when Monday finally came.  I stood in the library, my home away from home, and had a view of the student parking lot.  I could sit nonchalantly in a big chair and watch the students drive in. The shiny sport cards and a few motorcycles rolled in.  My heart skipped a beat when I say Bryan’s deep blue car roll onto the lot.
“Hey,” Calista sat across from me. She followed my gaze and was uncharacteristically quiet.
“Hey,” I mumbled back.  At least she was talking to me.  She’s different now.  I didn’t know what it was.  Maybe it was me.  I was feeling off since I started taking my medication Saturday.
I watched the stream of cars still coming in.  Bryan used to take me to school.  I loved it.  I loved the freedom.  Have a driver was annoying and made people talk about me even more.  The snobby rich girl sick with some unknown illness.  Now I’m the rich girl that was dumped by her boyfriend.  Maybe that would make me more likeable.
“What have we here?”  Calista and I leaned forward as a blond got out of Bryan’s passenger side.  She smiled and waved at some people nearby.
“Get out!”  Calista whispered.  “That bitch!  Jasmine!  I knew it!”
“Yes,” I shrank back as my chest started to throb.  I had taken my medication why was I feeling worse?  Too much too soon?  I probably should have taken half tablets.
“He was giving her a ride,” I tell her weakly.  I can’t even convince myself that’s all he was doing.
Calista turned to me, her mouth agape and I think my words actually stunned her into silence with complete disbelief.  It would have been funny if it wasn’t so utterly upsetting.
“Don’t even,” she hissed a warning and we watched them walk towards the building, her friends streaming in from all sides like paparazzi.
I felt the reality setting in.  Felt like everyone in the world knew but me.  Even Calista joking wasn’t really joking I just couldn’t believe it.  I fumed.  I wanted details.  I wanted to know how many times he saw her before breaking up with me.  Did he leave my house with a kiss goodnight and then run out to her for the same?
The idea made me furious.
“Good,” Calista smiled.  “You should be pissed.”
“I’m definitely pissed,” I muttered but it was a toss-up between me and Bryan.  I wasn’t sure who I was angrier with.  Naïve, again.
My heart was racing in my chest and I felt light headed.  I stood up and left the library to stand on the small balcony way that ran across the main entry.  The smell of formaldehyde it us both and Calista gagged.
“Damn biology class,” she held her nose.  “Cutting some frogs today.”
I watched the moving students as they entered the doors and drowned in hundreds of conversations.  Pictures of my past relatives hung on the wall.  My mother’s was the latest, a donation made to upgrade the gym.   I was part of the building block to the school but I would never be part of the school or it’s people.  I would always be on the outside looking in.
“Hey,” Calista turned and leaned against the rail. “Confront that bitch.”
“And say what?” I felt defeated and humiliated.
“Say, ‘Hey whore, when did you and Bryan start hooking up?’” Calista snarled.  “Say anything.  Just don’t stand here and feel sorry for yourself.  He did this.  Not you.”
She was right.  I watched Bryan and Jasmine part ways, her smile a lingering curse in my mind as Bryan walked away.   Jasmine went to the bathroom; a few of her friends close behind.
“You have more power than you think” Calista whispered in my ear.  “Use it.”
I didn’t think, I just started walking, Calista hopping and skipping behind.  I went down the steps and the ocean peeled away from me, faces a blur mixed with curiosity and confusion.
They’re probably wondering if I know now.  Did the naïve rich girl finally figure out her boyfriend was cheating on her?  Tears swelled up and I bit them down.  Calista had been right.  Bryan did this not me.  I don’t have anything to be ashamed of.  Jasmine was just a bump in the road on my way to the person I really wanted to confront.  I’d deal with Bryan later.
I pushed the bathroom door open and it smacked the wall.  I marched in and stared at the small wide eyed group.  Jasmine smiled at me through the mirror and her friends looked from her to me.
“Everyone out,” Calista ordered.  “Whore and my girl are going to have a private conversation.”
They did go, nervously.  As Calista had said I had more power then I realized.  My family did run this town.  I could threaten to have them deleted from the guest list, it didn’t matter that I had no real control over it.
Jasmine faced me, her out of season tan legs and layered dark hair were a strong contrast to me.  I couldn’t figure out what it was about her Bryan suddenly started liking?  Marjorie and Jasmine disliked each other even more.
“I’ll start,” Jasmine decides her smile is slight and almost sympathetic.  “Bryan didn’t break up with you because of me.”
“You two haven’t been bonding when I wasn’t around?” I asked.  “Because I’m pretty sure that even if you weren’t making out, if you were in his ear to help him figure out his feelings, you were why we broke up. It’s still cheating.”
“Wow,” Jasmine shook her head.  Her smile became a smirk.  “Fine, I’m a dirty, dirty cheater, and your ex-boyfriend loved it.”
Jasmine wanted to see how far she could push me.  She probably wanted to see if I’d do something physical to her.  I wanted to.  I wanted to smack that smile off her face.  I didn’t.
“Ok,” I turned to leave and Jasmine reached for me.
“It would make it easier for you if that was true?” she turned me and I pulled my arm out of her hand.  It was then I caught site of the pendant on her jacket, a glowing smirk of red that flashed at me briefly from Bryan’s jacket in the back seat of his car the day he dumped me.  I felt like I was falling again.
“First, don’t touch me again,” I warned coolly and she did pull back.  “Second, I realized you really aren’t the person who can give me answers, it isn’t really your responsibility anyway.”
“Then let’s just have an open and honest conversation,” she stepped back and took a deep breath.  “Can you handle that without passing out or having some type of heart attack?  I don’t want to be the bitch that killed the Drear girl.”
“No,” I fumed.  I hated the way she talked about my illness, like it was a cold and not a big deal. “You’re the bitch that steals boyfriends.”
Jasmine smiled, almost laughed at that.  It’s easier to laugh when at the end, even at the end of a losing conversation; you still get to walk away with the prize.
“Ok, here goes,” she pulled her hair neatly behind her ears and softened her voice.  I felt a sense of calming, like she really was trying.  I remember the rumors that she had goddess blood in her. “Being friends with you is hard.  Being the boyfriend of the walking dead girl is even harder.  Being the boyfriend without the money and the walking dead girl is too much to ask someone.”
I was truly frozen to my core.  I believed her.  It wasn’t something I had ever really considered.
“Bryan never mentioned this,” I confess.
“No, you’re his friend, he likes you as a person,” Jasmine frowned.  “He just isn’t in love with you.  Not anymore.”
I glared at her over the comment.  It wasn’t necessary for her to say.  Jasmine sighed.
“Look, you have what, three to five years left?”  She was crossing the line again and I felt the tension move up my back.  “You need to be more understanding towards the people that will be left behind.  You know all the people that will still be here after you’re gone.  Life will go on for the rest of us.  You’ll be immortalized as the beautiful daughter of Drear, the princess fallen to the curse and the rest of us will get old and never measure up to your memory.  In the long run, you will win.”
“Is that what you told Bryan?” I felt my head spinning and I wasn’t sure if it was from her speech or the medication.  I felt exhausted and utterly defeated.  There was no winning Bryan back.  There wasn’t any satisfactory outcome I could have with this obnoxious girl.  There was nothing for me.
“His is the only opinion that matters right now, isn’t it?” She smiled down at me her sympathy a new low I was fuming over.  “Don’t worry; I won’t be attending your party this year.  I did have a dress and all but I just think that would be too awkward.”
I stood there as she left.  Calista came in her face blank.  I didn’t feel so good.
“I was ready to come in and break it up,” she joked.  “Sera?  Sera?”
I had fuzzy tunnel vision closing in, blurring my vision.  Calista’s face looked at me and went white.  Another look from her I wasn’t used to.
“I’m ok,” I whispered. “I’m just really surprised that’s all.”
“Do you want me to get someone?”  She really seemed frightened.  “Girl, you are white.”
“No, just,” I swallowed hard.  I knew what was going to happen next.  I leaned against the wall and slid to the floor. “I’m having trouble breathing.”
Calista shook her head then disappeared to find a teacher.  My chest ached and Dr. Stein’s voice came down on me from a faraway tunnel.  His sage advice was to think happy thoughts to calm my anxiety.
I could hear commotion in the hall.  A few girls were screaming and people were running around, slamming lockers, laughing.
“They sent live frogs!” someone yelled.
I thought that’s what they yelled.  I couldn’t focus.  It didn’t matter.  I didn’t fight it.  I let the overwhelming darkness drown me and I sank into allowing it to fill my mouth closing my throat and white wash my mind.

	






Chapter Fourteen

I slipped on my coat and wandered the land.  The children, too young to know what was happening to them when they died, wandered in bursts of wind, light and chaotic energy.  Their laughter carried on the wind and scatters across the ground like leaves in autumn.  It takes a long time to dissipate these memories.
They had enjoyed the Ferris wheel, the large metal wheel turned with a grinding screech.  I would replace the bulbs and give them the full effect the next time they blew into the area.
I had not seen the new wandering ghost, Marjorie, last night.  I wondered if she took on too much too soon and would now avoid coming to me, having a deep seeded fear of her next clarifying moments.  Death was hard and for the murdered, it was impossible for the living to fathom, so I had no words only patience.  It was the best I could do.
I came here to confess my burdens to myself.  The truth was, I wanted to catch Drear but I needed Seraphin. I needed to see her.  I needed to hear her voice.  I was having trouble focusing on anything else.  Even Lorelei was a faraway cry to me now.  Being with Sera set a fire inside that was always consuming.  I liked the heat, even the torment of wanting her and not having her, but it was stirring something darker in me.  Something I needed to control but was having trouble wanting to.
I bit my tongue, the blood saturating my mouth and the pain screamed louder than the voice in my head.
I will see her soon.  I would meet her and ask for her assistance in the investigation. She did seem genuinely upset at the young person being used and manipulated.
The chain.
The chain.  My mother’s chain that attached her forever to my father.  The only freedom was when she passed to the beyond, it fell from her throat and was all that was left behind.
The chain will free you.
I wanted to argue.  I wanted to be a better person and throw it into Styx.  But I couldn’t let it go.  If it was my last connection to Sera that I might have . . . 
Sera.  Break her.  She will be reborn in your desire.
I need to remember the things that are important to me.  I bundled up in my long coat and took the sliver of a dirt path in the dwelling place of ghosts.  I can enter Drear here.  Here it is a former existence, early years.  A few houses that had been torn down re-emerge here, their insides stripped bare and personalities forever dim in gray.  No souls will touch them again.
I find the old hospital and enter the once grand threshold.  I can hear the voices that escaped floating on the air, in and out of time all chiming I my ears.  I see the floors covered in curled paint slowing emerging back to the ceiling.  The cracks in the walls closing, as time claims the original building and slowly brings it over to me completely.
I take the winding stairs to the basement.  I can hear the tortured beings shuffling barefoot on torn up floors.  A long dark corridor with swinging bulbs dimly lit.  The smell of death and mold clogs my nose and closes my throat.
The room is in the furthest corner. A closet barely big enough for a hospital bed.  Inside are five ghosts.  They are silent though screaming.  Their eyes covered with ‘x’s and their little mouths forever sealed with an ‘x’.  I found them by accident.  I was drawn to the basement but not by regret or pain as most ghosts eject, I was drawn by the absence of sound.  They are locked in a wind tunnel of their turmoil and cannot express it to confront it and leave this place.
I reach out to the one closest to me and my hand passes through her angelic face.  I cannot even touch them to console them.  I am helpless.
“I hope to discover what happened to you,” I whisper to my children of despair.  “I will find out and find a way to free you.”
	 I watch them standing together.  So close yet not touching.  They do not respond to my presence and they do not leave this one horrible room.  They never do.  This is why I must find out about Dr. Drear.  This is why I must investigate his hospital and discover what it is he’s doing.  The healer, the liar.
	My anger bubbles up.  I leave.  I can’t do anything now and even as my mind cusps the wisps of Sera’s fragrance and slight smile, I will not bring her here to this place, not even in my mind.
	I re-enter Hades and feel the tantalizing temptation of Sera’s skin and mouth waiting at the boundaries of my mind.  I sink into her arms and imagine her hands wanting me.
	A light moment of bliss soared through my heart and flickered out.  I did not deserve to feel this.  The dark cloud over me was inside of me and I was accepting it, again.  I needed to burn.  I needed a different distraction.
	I summoned the ghost of Wing Chun.  I needed a good work out.  I needed to be ready, no matter what form I was in, corporeal or non-corporeal; I needed to be ready to fight.  The zombie that attacked Seraphin was nothing compared to the demons that are known to inhabit the dead.
	Wing Chun appears he frowns at me.
“You are too tense,” he tells me, his voice short and low.  “You need to center yourself.”
I close my eyes and begin my breathing exercise.    It had been a while since I had exercised this.
Destroy her father and claim the girl.  She will be on her knees.
In old wars that was the prize.  The spoils of war.  The master’s daughters and slaves, inherited by the victor.
I can’t do that.
“You’re getting worse,” Wing Chun barks at me.  “Your spirit is conflicted.”
I calmed myself.  I would take advantage of my time near her.  However brief it was.  At least it would be pure.
You have your mother’s necklace.
	I stiffened my shoulders and Master Chun patted them heavily, disgust hissing out his lips.  I took a deep breath, stretching my lungs until they would burst.  I exhaled and allowed a single image of Sera bloomed inside my mind.  I started with her blue eyes –large and clear.  I unfolded my glance and pulled her image back.  The soft paled red hair, long and dipped in moon light shine.  Perfect.  My body uncoiled and soothed to the hum of my heart beat.  Peace lasted until I pushed all the air out.
	“Good, good, now let me see your stance,” Master Chun orders.
	I level myself, keeping my elbows in and he circles, poking my shoulders for tension.  “Good, good.”
The river Styx was purring nearby it’s torment long since deluded out and I forced myself to remain as calm as the waters that ran in a never ending flow.  I had lost the voice again. It was saturating in my soul and becoming me deeply, seamlessly.
“Now,” Wing Chun readies himself, his movements clean and flowing as he takes his stance.
I ready myself as I have a hundred times before.







Chapter Fifteen

	My head was buzzing and the lights were dim but still made me nauseas.  I felt like a ton of bricks and couldn’t move my head.  I felt the sheet across my hands, it was think and rough.  I opened my eyes and saw the off white wall.  I swallowed relieving my dry throat and rolled my head to the side.
The nurse’s office.  I saw Miss Times standing by her desk just outside the door.  She hung up the phone and came up to my side.  The flood of her perfume made me gag.
“You’re ok Miss Drear.  Your father is on his way with Dr. Stein.”
“What?”  I moaned.  Not good.  Not good at all.  I tried to sit up but my head wouldn’t let me.  I felt so heavy.
“Stay down, they’ll be here soon,” she insisted patting my head and smoothing my hair.  I was instantly annoyed at her affection.
“I’m ok,” I insisted.  “I just didn’t eat enough this morning.”
I wondered if the ambulance would come.  I hated the thought of everyone seeing me loaded up in an ambulance.
“Well, that is certainly something you won’t do again, is it?” She smiled and stood up.  “I’ll get you a drink, stay down.”
I didn’t stay down.  This was bad.  Dad and Dr. Stein?  This was really bad.
“I told you to stay down,” Miss Times rushed back to me.  Her tone was mocking me.  She didn’t care.  I knew she didn’t.
“Stop it,” I ordered.  She shrank back slightly but didn’t move away.  “I told you I’m fine.”
“Your father said he’ll determine for himself,” she said evenly.  “I just got off the phone with your mother.  She said you’ve not been acting yourself lately.  Maybe you’re having a sugar low.”
“Because I told you to stop?”  I laughed.  “I’m not diabetic.”
Miss Times ignores me and goes to the waiting room.  I hear her rummaging through her desk and then she returns with a small plastic bag of candy.  She held it out to me and smiled.  “Just try one.”
I took one and popped the small mint in my mouth.  The bite stung my tongue.  Why was I so sensitive?  I was still swallowing the smell of the nurse as though being suffocated by her perfume.
This was a nightmare.  If I had to leave everyone would talk.  They would make fun of me and say I was being dramatic because my boyfriend dumped me.
“I want to call my doctor.” If I could talk to Dr. Stein and he could hear me sounding ok maybe he’d turn around and leave.”
I realized my purse wasn’t in the room with me.  It could still be in the library but I was betting it was dumped out on her desk.  She was probably ordered to go through my bag to make sure there wasn’t anything illegal.  Absolutely ridiculous.
“They’ll be here any minute,” she frowned at me.  She looked at me like the nurses in the hospital.  Like I was a mental case they didn’t want to deal with if they didn’t have to.  “Just do as you‘re told.”
“I’m fine,” I insisted again, even as my heart started to race and take my breath away.  I clutched my chest and let her force me to lie back down.  Tears spilled over and ran down my face into my ears.  I hated being weak.  I hated being reminded that I was still sick, no matter what treatments they tried, I was always dying.
“Thank you Miss Times,” my father’s voice was svelte calm in the room.
“I was going to call the ambulance but Dr. Stein insisted,” She started.
“That would have been over reacting,” Dr. Stein’s voice was low and not nearly as much authority as my father’s.  I looked over and saw Dr. Stein peering over at me nervously from behind my father.  He looked too young to be a doctor, having graduated college at 15 he couldn’t be more then early twenties now.  It was probably why he was so sympathetic.
He knelt by me and took my wrist in his hand, with two cold fingers pressing my pulse.  He watched his wrist watch and when our eyes met he smiled slightly.
“She’s ok,” he announced.  “But I think we need to take a day or two of rest.” He recommended.  I couldn’t see my father clearly as he stayed framed in the doorway, I could tell he had the phone to his ear, always working.
“I’ll alert the staff.  She won’t be left alone,” he said.
“Problems of late?” Dr. Stein asked, his smile only half joking.  I could tell he was sincerely concerned.  If only he knew.  I hadn’t been taking my medication for months.  I had felt so good before.  I had felt normal.  If only he knew how close I came to being killed by a zombie?  My blood pressure shot up and my head throbbed.  “Because this could point to a rejection in the medication I’ve prescribed if you haven’t had any resent upsets.”
“Bryan and I broke up,” I felt terrible offering my broken relationship up as an excuse.  But I couldn’t go to the hospital and get more lab work, more head exams.  I could never tell anyone about the zombie.  I would be locked up for whatever time I have left to live.
“I, see,” Dr. Stein’s brows raised slightly and his large brown eyes softened.
“What was that?”  My father asked peeking in.
“Nothing to concern yourself Dr. Drear,” Dr. Stein assured.  “We’re done.  A few days rest and a consultation.  I’m sure she’ll be fine.”
I sighed and sat up with Dr. Stein’s assistance.  “I’m sorry,” he whispered.
I wiped some tears from my eyes and stood up.  At least everyone was in class now and wouldn’t see me leaving.  Everyone knows a daughter of Drear doesn’t live long.  The curse of my family.  The one my father fought so hard to break with me.  I felt the failure swell up in my throat and I choked on tears.  I took a moment and let the pain get a hold of me.  I had been doing to so well.  It wasn’t fair.
“Steady,” Dr. Stein urged gently.  “You haven’t been taking your medication on a regular basis have you?”
I shook my head and I heard my father’s disapproving sigh.
“I can’t tell you how disappointed I am in you,” he barely whispered.  “What do you have to say for yourself?”
“I hated the way they made me feel,” I didn’t look up as I spoke.  A year ago it made sense.  The desire to be free of the medication was stronger than the fear of my heart breaking completely.  I wanted to feel the full effect of Bryan’s kiss.  I wanted to feel the thing girls talked about.  And I did.  I felt weak in the knees and dizzy, it was so good. It was worth it.  It had been worth it.
Now I didn’t know if it had been.  Not because of the health risk but because I could feel every bit of the wonderful turning to ash and blowing away from me.
“There are side effects,” Dr. Stein started as he stood by my side.  “We need to be more open about your concerns with those.”
“Enough,” my father turned.  “I can’t look at you right now.  Go home.  The maid will watch you.”
I looked up to see him leave the nurse’s office.   She stood obediently to the side, her mouth slightly agape and her eyes adverted from mine as Dr. Stein lead me out.  I entered the office and found Calista had been sitting on the couch the whole time.  She looked from me to Dr. Stein.
“I’ll be going to class now,” Calista told Miss Times who handed her a hall pass.  Calista looked at me once and then didn’t look back again.
I knew it was just a few days but something in me felt like Calista was gone, just like Bryan.  The intensity of my illness wasn’t ever directly addressed in our friendship.  Who wanted to be friends with someone who probably wasn’t going to live to be twenty?  Who wanted a friend who didn’t spend the night for fear they wouldn’t wake up in the morning?   With Calista joked about it.  She wasn’t afraid to approach it.  It was nice.  Now the reality of the end was undeniable.  My worse fear unfolded itself right in front of her and she had to watch me fall apart.
I was in the car and home before I knew it.  I went to bed and took my pills Dr. Stein handed to me.  I opened my mouth to show him I had actually swallowed it and he nodded.
“Sera, I have to ask this,” he started with a heavy sigh.  His eyes were sympathetic as always.  “The pills you didn’t take, what did you do with them?”
I looked at him over my comforter and didn’t move.  He smiled slightly.  “You didn’t sell them or give them to friends did you?  There are very strong and can be dangerous.”
“No,” I rolled onto my side and closed my eyes waiting for the sea of nothingness to sweep me up into a dreamless sleep.  No point in saying what I really wanted to say. You have to have friends first and I never had any to start with.



**************************

	I closed my eyes and opened them again.  I was standing in the back of the property.
“Hello?”  I looked around.  I was alone but felt I was being watched.  I could see the house through the trees. I started stepping over brush and pushing through ratted bushes that seemed to push back.  I looked up and was not any closer to getting out.
I pulled away looking for another way out of the wooded area and found my dress was snagged.  I pulled on the hem hard and it ripped.  The ground bubbled and swallowed the cloth torn from my dress.
I needed to get out!  I turned and started running.  I kept the house in my view.  I felt the branches of low grown trees snap at my cheeks and snag my hair.  Why couldn’t I remember how I got here?
Because of you this is me.
I stopped, out of breath and my heart pounding madly in my chest.  She was here.  I turned and saw her standing a few yards away.  She was normal looking.
“Who did this to you?” I asked.
I felt cold run along my skin.
I remember you.  A voice from the dark spoke clearly and a familiar feeling started to surface but just as I was about to recall something I felt was important, it snapped away.
I was in a field and I had to run.  I ran, tripping over rocks under foot.  A steel grip wrapped around my waist and yanked me down to the ground.  I braced to hit hard but I never made impact with the ground.  It was worse, I was falling into the earth.  I watched as the sun was swallowed whole and there was nothing but cold all around me.  I couldn’t even hear my own screaming anymore.

I jerked awake, still feeling my racing heart as my lungs gasped for air.  I hated the feeling of suffocating.  I was scared to think that when I died I’d be gasping for air.  I hated the pain in my chest as it swelled and forced my heart to beat against the natural rhythm to life.  I hated to think of the pain I might be in when I died.
Stop!  Stop!  I ordered myself.  I bowed my head down in my arms.  Being back on medication was a constant reminder of how sick I was.  It had been so good to feel free when I stopped taking it.  I could almost feel normal.  Almost.
I looked at the clock.  It was almost 4:30.  I sat up and shoved the covers off of me.  Cool air chilled me.  I needed to get a drink.  I glared at my reflection in my mirror across my room.  My hair was a long mess of gold and red strung out curls.  I was paler then usual and my mascara gave me a smoky raccoon look to my eyes.  My fault for not washing up before bed.
This was dead sleep. At least, that’s what it felt like.  I hated it.  Not only did I lose track of time and days but by tomorrow I wouldn’t care.  I hated it.
Tap, tap, tap. 
I jumped, lodging my heart in my throat and making me momentarily dizzy.  I looked to the window.  The memory of the dead girl came to mind.
I pulled up the blinds and found Payce smiling at me.  I cracked the window.
“Hello sleeping beauty,” he cooed with a smirk in place.  “How’s the little princess today?”
“Funny,” I started to close the window and he stopped me by wedging an envelope in the way, blocking me from closing it on his smug face.  “What’s this?”
“I don’t know,” he shrugged.  “It’s sealed.  It’s meant for your eyes only.  I’m just the messenger.”
My heart flickered and a rapid humming bird beat in my chest.  I touched the envelope and instantly wanted to see Roaden again.  Had he found out who that girl was? Did he know what happened?  Did it have anything to do with Bryan?
I met Payce’s eyes so dark and mischievous.  “Feeling under the weather are we?”
“Yes,” I replied trying to sound nonchalant.  He wasn’t my friend.
“More than that,” he looked to the side and gazed at the back yard.  “You’re really sick aren’t you?”
“What makes you say that?” I asked curiosity made me look in the same direction.  I didn’t see anything out of the ordinary.  The trees in their bare bones appeared to be clawing at the sun as she began to sink.  It was eerily quiet as most of the birds had flown south for the winter.
“The grass is dying,” his smile softened and he looked down at his feet.
“The grass is dying?” I shook my head at him.  “Is that a metaphor for something else?  I need to go.”
“No,” he looked up; his dark hair fell along his pointy face. “I won’ keep you. I do have a warning.”
“A warning?” I echoed.  “What is it?”
“Roaden is dangerous.  Don’t get any ideas.” He said it like he was reciting a boring passage.  He said it like he didn’t mean it.  “He’s the son of Hades.  You need to watch yourself.”
“I know who he is.” I watched Payce who just shook his head.   I felt my heart speed up even as I moved through this tiring haze of consciousness. “Is he planning to do something to me?”
“What do the kids read anymore?”  Payce looked across the yard.  “Don’t you know the story of Hades and Persephone?”
“Yes,” I frowned.  “Everyone does.”
“Then we don’t really need to say anything else, do we?” He asked.
“Do you really mean that?” I was still so tired.  If it wasn’t for the cool air flooding my room and chilling me to the core I’d think I was still dreaming.
“Not my words,” he shook his head and regained his smile.  His eyes waited for me.
Another game?  What was his problem?
“Then who . . .”
“Shhh,” his finger didn’t touch my lips but the quick sharp movement, blur to my eyes took my breath away.  A soft glint of gold turned around his wrist.  A bracelet? “Don’t ask.  Please.  Let’s just be still.  It’s the best way for us right now.”
“I just want to know what happened.” I whispered.  It was a lie.  Just being around Payce and feeling that dark connection taught on the string, knowing Roaden was on the other side made me drown and not care.
“No offense princess but I’m sure you have a lot of trinkets daddy can shove in your face to help you get over the big bad zombie.” Payce let his hand drop to his side and I did not see anything around his wrist now.  Maybe I had imagined the gold before.  Payce didn’t come off as the type of guy who’d wear accessories.  His dark eyes softened towards me.
“Good, then there isn’t anything left to talk about,” I started to pull away when the smile across Payce’s face confused me and I stopped.  “What now?”
“Don’t be so sensitive princess,” he decided abruptly.  He winked and disappeared leaving a trail of swirling leaves spinning behind him.  For a moment, I try to imagine what the world outside of Drear is like.  How many others like Payce are there?  How many aren’t just beautiful faces in the movies but are heroes?  I only know now that we’d never hear about them in the news.  We’d never read about them or have access on the internet.  It was making me bitter.
I shut the window and pulled the blinds down.  The envelope was a thick stock of paper and weighed in my hand.  I climbed back into my warm bed and buried my legs under covers.  This way, if someone walked in, I could hide the letter quickly beneath all my blankets.
With trembling hand I flipped the envelope and traced the blood red wax seal.  It was a clean letter R binding it shut.  I broke it and slipped the paper out.  The words took my breath away.
Seraphin, I need your assistance.  Please meet me tomorrow at midnight.  The same place we met before.  Come alone.  Tell no one.   I promise your safety.
Roaden
	I touched his signature; it was the ghost of his hand that was here before.  The writing was from the finest tipped pen I had ever seen.  The letters were swirled, looping the letter S in old fashion calligraphy.  But he signed his name in plane thick strokes.
	I slipped the note under my pillow and lay back down.  I couldn’t imagine what a god could need from a mortal?  As the dark fell across my room and sleep started up at me again, I knew I was going to help him.  I would do whatever I needed to do to sneak out tomorrow and see him one more time.  I could tell myself it was to make sure Bryan wasn’t going to get hurt.  I could tell myself I just wanted to know about the girl and why she attacked me, which I did want to know.  The truth was, Roaden haunted me.  I wanted to see him again.  I wanted to see his face and hear his low calming voice.
I touched the letter under my pillow, beneath my cheek and fell asleep to the memory of his glowing face.







Chapter Sixteen


For a lack of a better term, I let Chun’s fallen disciples beat the crap out of me.  It can be good for a fallen god’s soul to be broken.  A good reminder of what physical pain feels like.  The cracked ribs, the pierced spleen, this was human.  It helped me empathize.
Today it helped me contain my urge to steal Sera away and keep her with me for eternity.
I fell as a heap on my bed.  Sleep wasn’t necessary but I did enjoy the dreaming, especially lately.  I didn’t disrobe; I just rolled to my back and through painful breaths allowed my body to start healing itself.  As I waited I revisited a secret dream I’d kept.  Morpheus wove a life moment from my memory and gave it back to me as a dream I could keep for all time.  After the debacle with Lorelei, he’d owed me big time. 
Lorelie.  She was so brazen, so innocent yet tainted in morbid curiosities.  Morpheus found her ramblings amusing.  I suppose to an ancient if something was amusing you’d want to hold onto it too.  I did not lie to him about my intent.  I had perhaps lied to myself, if only to make myself sound more believable for Lorelei’s sake.  She did believe.  She wanted to believe.
Lorelei was not something I wanted to punish myself over.  Sera had taken over every aspect of me.  She walked in the corner of my eye, disappearing before I could catch a glimpse of her.
Morpheus could give you one of Sera’s dreams.  Learn her darkest desire.  Learn her secret cravings.
Damn.  I opened my eyes and stopped the healing.  I nudged a cracked rib and coiled under the weight of the pain.  Air squeezed out of my lungs but I couldn’t pull it back in, not until the throbbing stopped.  White filled my vision as the sensation pulsed blood in my ears.
As the pain reseeded, I concentrated on the long gray coat . . . the small heart shape face and knit hat. . . 
I am walking the wall of Drear.  I know one day it will fall and Dr. Drear will be mine.  I borderline the ghost realm to stay out of Hades longer.  The snow has laid itself across the ground, a cold numbing blanket.  The silence after its encasement is deafening.  In the land of ghosts it is gray and the crunch under my boot does not travel beyond my ears, swallowed alive by the blanket of death all around me.
The snow starts to fall.  The frivolous flakes float in the air to collect and blend with the white world below.  In my heart I know this part very well.
A low hum of a car comes from far away.  I stand my ground and hear the wild revving of the engine as the car collides with the iron gates.  The vehicles spins as the drivers attempts to turn onto the road but is going too fast to stop.  Headlights blaze through the snow flakes and bounce as the car continues to move forward and out of control.  
I watch as the car over corrects itself and shoots across the lane, plowing through the embankment and flipping over the edge.  The woman is thrown and instantly the gold string of her life is cut, floating in the air, lighter than the snowflakes around it.
She is one of mine now.  I step down the hill carefully, right before I can reach her she stands ups.
“Constance?”  I call to her.  She turns to me and smiles.  Her face is flawless and far from the anguish I remember it being when she first came to me all those years ago.  I couldn’t help her than.  I could help her now.  Now she was one of my people.
“Roaden?” She tilted her head slightly and her eyes looked me over.  “You look well.  Are you well?”
“Constance,” I paused before coming too close.  “Do you know what’s happened to you?”
Constance looked down at the car a few yards away.  She started shaking and I touched her shivering thin shoulders.  She turned and the light in her eyes was so bright, her smile so vibrant it took me back.
“I won,” she whispered.  She stepped back almost tripping on her own dead body.  “I got away to a place they can never find me!”
“Constance,” I watched her body start taking in light.  We didn’t have much time.  “You have to tell me now what you know.  Tell me what your father was planning to do to you.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Constance shook her head.  “Roaden, I’m free.”
I stood aghast.  She had been so angry so miserable, the recipe of a ghost that haunts and needs to meet the ends of their means to move one. 
I was losing her.
“He’s really small Roaden,” she looked up at me her eyes sympathetic.  “I was so afraid of him but now, he’s so small.  He’s so afraid.  It’s terrible.”
“Constance, I can help you now.  I can find you justice.”
“Roaden,” she looked up at me, eyes filled with tears and her smile gently.  “I forgive him.”
Constance Drusilla Drear was engulfed in the light and gone.  She had been my only opportunity to find out what was going on with Dr. Drear and she forgave him, freeing herself from the world.
I stood in the silence stark sudden absence of life, snow falling all around and the soft creaking of the over turned car were the only sounds left in the night.  I lost my chance to get to Drear.  To possibly find out about the victims. . . 
My dream melted.  I watched it turn away from me and I was standing in a wooded area unfamiliar to me.   I turned to see a petite red head girl with a white dress standing with her back to me.
Sera?  My heart plummeted and I reached for her arm.  She turned to me with a smile across her lips.  
“Take me with you,” she whispered and my heart flew to my throat.
“You aren’t here.” I choked but held onto her anyway.  I could feel her warm skin through the thin fabric of her dress; her long hair tickled my fingers.
“Roaden,” she breathed out and I inhaled her.  “Touch me.”
I bent down and brushed her lips with mine. The heat of her breath made me shiver down my spine as nothing else had ever.  “I want you.”
“I know,” she smiled and the tenderness in her became mocking.  “What are you going to do about it?  Would you fight for me?”
“I would kill for you,” my confession pushed out of me, passion forcing fire through my veins.  
Sera laughed and started walking away from me.  Her steps moved her in leaps and bounds and soon she was a small figure running to the woods.
I anger swelled up and bubbled over me.  I didn’t think, I just reacted.  I opened the earth and caught her as she fell.  Her fight was weak and I didn’t care as she squirmed and wretched against me.  She was mine . . . and I was my father.
I opened my eyes and felt the tendrils of the dream slowly slip away leaving my heart hard.  I felt the guilt slowly surface.  I would never hurt Sera, would I?  I couldn’t escape the rage in my heart at the site of her fleeing me.  If dreams were confessions of our deeper desires, mine were dark and loathsome.  
I sat up and felt the bruising on my chest as I moved.  It was good enough.  A bit of a rough spot would be a good reminder of the punishment I took and the reason I took it.  The rest of me had mostly healed.
I slipped out of my bloody shirt and pants.  I scorched my skin with water as hot as I could stand.  I had a few pleasures I could indulge in.
From the other room my phone beeped.  It was either Deter or Payce.  Deter was either in Canada now which meant all the Fold dispersed in more concentrated areas or it was Payce letting me know he’d delivered my letter to Sera.
I walked out of the bathroom and into the wall of cold air in my bedroom.  I found my phone on my bed.  Payce.
It’s done.
I sat down. The water from my hair ran down my back.  I tucked the gold chain in my pocket and felt the purr in my chest as the voice was silent.  Perhaps fate would be kind to me.  Darkness in me was calming.  I wondered what I could learn to live with.  What was I truly capable of doing without regret?







Chapter Seventeen


I sat at the dinner table and stared at the empty seat across from me.  Dad was working late and though that wasn’t unusual I couldn’t help but feel I had disappointed him and he didn’t want to see me.
Mom kept tossing glances my way.  I noticed Stella doing the same as she severed us dinner.  I wasn’t dressed for dinner.  Mom let me keep my pajama’s on.  It was the first time I’d been allowed out of my room since I was brought home yesterday.
I couldn’t stand the silence between us anymore.  I knew she had something to say.  I’d rather she get it out then make me suffer through dinner.
“Mom?”
	“No,” she stopped me her voice ice and her hand shook as she held her fork.  “We’re eating.  Eat.”
Stella actually straightened up and gave me a sympathetic smile.  I suddenly felt anger building.  Why was I not even given an opportunity to explain myself?  Why would mom rather think the worst of me then ask me about why I did it?
“I’m done eating.” I tell her evenly.  “I’m ready to talk now.”
“Well,” Mom dropped her fork with a loud clank on the plate that made Stella jump.  She sat back to glare at me.  “Please, by all means.  Since you feel like talking now let’s talk now.  Because it’s all about you.”
“What?” I frowned.  What did she mean by that?  “I didn’t do it to hurt anyone or myself.  I feel numb when I’m medicated.”
“I see,” mom folded her hands and I caught a glint of a tear stirring in her eyes.  She looked at Dad’s empty seat.  “How selfish of me.  I want to keep you as long as possible and keep you alive but you want to have feelings.”
“Mom,” my anger that had made me so brazen was quickly dissipating.
“Do you have any idea what it’s like for the rest of us?  For me or Stella?”
With the mention of her name Stella’s mouth dropped open.  I was sure she wished she’d left the room.  Too late now.  We were both trapped.
“No, you don’t.  Do you realize how hard it is to watch you get sick?  Do you know how difficult it is to think of the next cold you catch maybe the one that you’re too weak to fight?  I wake up every day and am so thankful when I see you up and moving in the morning,” she swiped a tear from her cheek angrily.  “These yearly parties?  They aren’t just to get to know the neighbors, they’re a celebration that we had one more year with you here.”
I sighed.  “That’s not true.”
“Excuse me?”
“That’s not true.  You do this for yourself,” I tell her.  “You do this to show off the house and show off yourself!  Don’t say it’s for me.”
“Go, go to your room.”  Mom fumes I can see her whole body is stiff as she fights to control her anger.
“They hate us,” I tell her.  I didn’t have anything else to lose.  My one friend was gone and my boyfriend had moved on.  “At school, everyone is afraid of me and they’re afraid of our family.”
“They respect our family,” mom corrected.  She rose from her seat and Stella slowly made her way to my side.  “There’s a difference.  Your family is a founding member.  You’re father a miracle worker in curing the ill!  People are on a waiting list to come to his hospital for treatment.”
“I know,” I feel myself sinking.
“Do you know what he’s done to try and save you?  Do you have any idea the lengths he’s gone to find a cure for you?”  She shook her head suddenly looking tired and burdened.  “Do you know the sacrifices he’s made?”
“No,” I whispered.  I didn’t know anything.  “What has he done?”
“He put you first.  He’s put you before everything else in his life,” she tells me.  “You could at least do the same for him.”
I didn’t say anything.  I felt numb.  Mom drank from her glass and shook her head at me.  She left me alone without a word.
“I’m sorry Stella,” I whispered as she looked down at me.  I’m sure Stella had seen worse.  She’d been with our family since she was nineteen.  I couldn’t place her age exactly but it had be to over sixty now.  “I’m just really frustrated.”
“I know dear,” she rested a thin hand on my shoulder and gave me a squeeze.  “Are you done eating?”
“Yes, thank you,” I sat back as she lifted my plate of food and walked out of the dining room.
Stella returned and smiled.  “Go on to bed dear.  I’ll check on you in a minute.”
I slid from the chair and walked to my room.  I had to meet with Dr. Stein at some point tomorrow. I was pretty sure he’d schedule some tests to see if there was damage caused because I didn’t take my meds for so long.  Of course, he doesn’t know that yet.  I was still debating on telling him or not.  I supposed it didn’t matter. I was in trouble either way.
I sat on my bed and listened as Stella’s soft steps came down the hall. She came through the door carrying a tray of juice and a sandwich with a cookie on the side.  I really loved Stella.  Sometimes I wished she was my mother.
“I thought you might like a snack.  Sometimes it’s hard for us to eat when we’re under a lot of stress.  Once we’ve relaxed our appetites can find us again,” she slid the tray onto my nightstand pushing my clock back.
“Thanks,” her kindness made me feel suddenly horrible she was placed her in the middle of the argument with mom.  Stella wasn’t even in a place she could speak up.  I defiantly knew how it felt to not be allowed to voice my feelings or opinions.
“Stella, you’ve known my family a long time.” I started as she picked up a shirt off the floor and placed it in the clothing bin in my bathroom.  I could see her in the mirror.  She shook her head as she looked at my dirty sink top.
“Yes, dear,” she came in smiling again.  “I was hired by your great grandfather.  Your father wasn’t even born yet.”
“Really?”  I picked up the sandwich.  Peanut butter and jelly.  “I didn’t realize that.  So you knew my Great Aunts?”
“Yes, I suppose you could say I knew them.  I knew of them.  I didn’t care for them as I did you.”  She sat in a chair and sighed.  “Gertrude and Constance.  They were a pair.  Night and day to each other.  One ran hot and the other ran cold.  Ice cold.  Gertrude was a miserable girl that liked making other’s miserable and Constance, poor little thing, was always sick.”
“Gertrude never got sick, did she?” I had heard rumors why Gertrude never got ill.  I wondered if Stella knew them too.  She paused and her smile became more of a smirk.  She knew.
“That is true,” she simply agreed.
“She wasn’t really related to the Drear’s was she?” I asked after chewing on a bite for a minute.
“Child!” Stella tried to sound cross but it just didn’t come off that way.   She shook her head.  “Saying such things.  That’s how rumors start.”
“I used to think I would get lucky like her and not get sick.  Or because she didn’t get sick they’d figure out why and cure me.” I confessed to her.  “Dr. Stein never looks at me directly when we talk about that.  He says I need to focus on the positive and let my father and doctors focus on my treatments.”
Stella watched me as I spoke.  She suddenly seemed old enough to me to have known my great grandfather.  I wondered what would happen when she passed away.  At least I would most likely go before her.  I couldn’t imagine anyone replacing her.  They couldn’t.  There wasn’t enough kindness in anyone’s heart to compare to Stella.
“I don’t want to lie to myself.  Gertrude wasn’t really a Drear.  That’s probably why she was so miserable.  She was probably treated differently once it was realized,” I decided.  I finished my sandwich and took a drink.  The juice was almost too cold for my throat.
“No, Gertrude was not a Drear,” Stella surprised me.  “Constance was a good girl.  They seemed to get along.”
“Do you know what happened to Gertrude once she left the Drear Community?”
“She got married and settled down somewhere in England.” Stella said.  “I used to get Christmas cards from her.  I haven’t gotten one in a few years.  She probably passed on.”
England?  Wow.  I would love to travel overseas.  I really wanted to go to Ireland and then Scotland. I wanted to see the green land and tour all the castles!  I sighed.  I would never leave Drear.  At least not alive.
I thought of Roaden needing my help.  He was the closest next to Calista that I had come into contact with that was on the outside.  I couldn’t imagine the things he’d seen.
“Constance died young too; she was trying to elope with someone Great Grandfather didn’t approve of.”  I watched Stella as I spoke.  I wanted to see if she’d re-act.  Maybe that was a rumor too.  Maybe Constance was still alive.  It was romantic to think she found her true love and left her family to live with him.  Scandalous.  But maybe she was just considered dead to my great grandfather because of that.
I broke my cookie into bits but couldn’t eat it.  Sometimes, my medication made me feel like I was walking in and out of a dream.  I was probably thinking stupidly.
“It is true she crossed over the wall a few times and had to be brought back.  Poor little thing.  Her mind was not so good, or so I thought,” Stella pushed herself out of the chair and took a deep breath before coming over to collect my tray.  “I’m not a doctor but there are things they don’t do to treat patients today that were common back in Constance’s day.  Poor Constance was subjected to a lot of tests.  That’s for certain.”
I watched Stella slowly go to the door.  She turned suddenly when she’d forgotten to watch me take my pill for the evening.
“I’m going to trust that you’ll take care of yourself,” she raised a brow.
“Yes, I will,” I took the small container holding my pills and opened it in front of her.
“Good night dear,” she shut the door and I put the container back down, pills still inside.








Chapter Eighteen

I was prepared to leave when a familiar calling told me I needed to be somewhere else.  Marjorie was walking the path down memory lane.  This might be her last walk.  She was so close to remembering what had happened to her.
Bitterly, I cursed to myself.  This would prolong me from meeting with Sera but I had to do my job.
I stand in the road in the in between.  A faint ghost wanders further up the road.  I have neglected some of my more basic duties in my resent distraction.  I would have to be more careful.  The last thing the world needed was more wandering lost roaming the world of the living.
Marjorie appeared at the edge of the woods.  I watched her eyes as they moved from confused to recognizing me.
I take off my hat and bow.  “Marjorie.”
“Roaden,” she says my name careful, the sound foreign on her tongue.
“Yes,” I smile.
“Why do we keep meeting like this?” She rubs the side of her head and winces as she rubs a wound.
“Relax,” I take her hand in mine.  “There is no pain here only the memory of pain.  You are safe now.”
“Thank you,” she trembles and her eyes swell with tears.   She is much more alert then before.  “I’m dead.”
“Yes,” I let her go as she carefully gathers herself up.  She is stronger now and I decide to press further.  “Do you remember what happened to you?”
Marjorie cradles herself, her boney elbows sticking through the torn shirt.  She shakes her head and tears pour down, mixing with blood and mud.
“I don’t think I want to remember.” She spits out angrily.  “I don’t want to know what they did to me!”
I embrace her and she sobs into my chest.  The top of her head brushes my chin and I wait for her to calm down before I speak.
“I know this is hard,” I begin and she laughs weakly and pulls away.  “But until you face the truth, you will never leave this place.”
“I just want to go home,” she shakes, “I have a twin brother.  His name is Bryan.  He wanted to go with me but he had made plans with his girlfriend, Sera.”
I felt every good intention in me freeze and darken at the mention of Sera’s name linked to another’s.
“Seraphin Drear?” I ask, trembling now with the growing seed of anger.  The door was pushing open and the cold backlash of reality consumed me.  She could never love me.  She would never choose me.
“Yeah, she’s so sweet.  Not like her family.  Not like her dad,” Marjorie breathed out.  “I just want to see them again.”
I clinched my jaw and pushed through the roaring anger drowning my ears.  This is not Marjorie’s problem.   This is not her fault.  I remind myself over and over.
“Your brother?”  I ask, I can’t help myself.
“He’s such a good guy,” Marjorie shook her head, her eyes found me again, they were desperate and pleading.  “I never told him that.  I never told him how much I loved him.  I never told him how great I think he is. . . was.   I need to tell him.  I need to tell him and my parents I love them!”
“I can’t let you,” I frown.  I can’t let her move backwards.  She was making so much progress and I derailed her. “Marjorie, I’m sorry.  The truth is, the longer you’re in limbo the longer they will suffer the loss of you.  If you love them, you have to prove it now and face this last test of yourself.  You need to figure out what happened to you and you need to confront it.”
“Confront it?” She was getting angry.  “He killed me!  I don’t want to see him again!”
He?  She was remembering.
“I’ll be with you,” I assured.  “You can’t get hurt again.  Never again.”
“Then what happens?” She asks weakly.
“Then you will be free,” I bridge the distance between us and she allows me to take her hand in mine.  I cradle it in my own.  “You will go beyond this to a much better existence.”
“They won’t mourn for me anymore?” she barely got it out.
“They will live while mourning for you always, that is what love does, it lingers,” I tell her.  “But they will not stop living, dwelling in the moment as they are now.  They will continue forward and take the memory of you with them.  Forever.”
Marjorie relaxes and takes a deep breath.  She’s almost out of time.  
“I’ll try,” she tells me.  “I keep thinking of the lab I worked in.  I was labeling blood work and I was talking to Dr. Drear. . .”
I watch as the light in her eyes shifts and she pulls away.  I was such a fool.  She might not have to return to the dead if I had not been overrun by my need for Sera.  And for what?
An unobtainable obsession.
If she loved another, what could I hope for?  I watched Marjorie return and fade in the mist.  I felt my heart echo in my chest, screaming out and nobody could hear it.  The gold chain slithered in my pocket and I slid my hand in to touch the gold.
Dr. Drear’s name again.
A dangerous man.
You need to protect what is yours.  Seraphin belongs to you.
I will protect her.  I felt the thorns protrude from my anger and puncturing my thin layer of defense against my deepest darkest desire.  I can’t steal her but I want to.  Now knowing she’ll never want me because she has someone else, I want to take her away.
Then let her decide.
I knew better then to listen to the voice.  I knew to fight it.  The chain slinked around my finger and was making me a prisoner as it had made my mother before me.
There is no one here now.  You sent them all away.
To go in after Drear.
Of course.  Go in after Drear.
I wasn’t going to win this battle.  What could I do?  Throw myself into Fatim and drown in the darkness?  There was no where I could go that would make Sera safe from me.  Ultimately she’d be left with the monster and she’d be alone.
The thought chilled me.  I had to think of something.  I had to think of something soon.







Chapter Nineteen

Sneaking out the second time was more nerve wracking then before.  I jumped every time I thought I heard someone outside my door.  In the past Stella wouldn’t check on me after the ‘great blue pill’ as I called it, because it knocked me out for a solid eight hours.
	I pushed open my window and slipped out, landing more easily then I had before.  This time I was dressed for the weather and not out to impress Bryan.
	I ran across the yard, almost slipping as I reached the back gate.  As I got further away I felt a knot in my chest growing tighter.  I was more tired than usual.  Dr. Stein said I’d need to reallocate myself to my medication.  Whatever.  It meant I’d just feel like crap and be close to a coma patient.  But I’ll live longer.
	It wasn’t worth it.  Not to me.  I wanted to do things.  See things.  I didn’t want to be just another Drear who died from the family curse.
	I had to wonder though, were there such things as curses?  I could ask Roaden.  I knew there were gods and even lesser gods, as Jasmine claimed her grandmother was half.  The only others I knew of were movie stars and models.  No one seemed to control the sea anymore. 
	Those days must be far past.
	I reached the place in the wall I could climb.  I shivered in the cold and hesitated as reality seeped in.  What if this was what Payce was trying to tell me not to do?  He didn’t sound to upset or like he meant it but what if he was?
	A darker thought rose up and I had to catch my breath.  What if Roaden was playing some kind of trick and another zombie was waiting for me on the other side?  What if he was the one that called it to begin with?  
	I felt sick.  He was the first one to show up.  He was the one to control the dead.
	I felt myself falling.  I was naïve, like Bryan and Calista said.  I was naïve and thinking I knew better.  I didn’t know anything.
	I stood in the cold, freezing and shaking so hard my teeth chattered.  I came all this way.  I wanted to know what happened and Roaden was the only one who may have answers.
I decided I’d compromise.  I’d go to the top of the wall but not all the way over.  That way, if I didn’t like something Roaden did or said I could slide back down safely on my side and walk away.
I wrapped my hand around a dead vine and it seemed to tighten around my wrist.  I pulled and used it as a rope to climb the wall until I could get my footing in the vines that hid the broken part of the wall.  I swung my leg over and sat on the cold cement.  I had to untangle the vine from my wrist.  I was out of breath and took a minute to look up and down the wall, making sure no one was around.  Because Drear had always been so safe, the grounds weren’t monitored except when a curfew was issued.  Dad said it was because the community stood together to keep the dead out.  No cemeteries and hardly any crime.  The low tolerance sent those guilty out packing.  I knew it was harsh but if it kept the majority safe, I couldn’t think of it as bad.  I’m sure Mr. Fletcher would have us debate it another time.
The street was empty and my pulsed quickened when I remember the dead girl and her determined unnatural attack on me.  I hated thinking of the stiff limbs forcing themselves to run  . . . and then there was the voice.   The words I didn’t tell anyone.  I was afraid of what it meant.  Because of you this is me.   It was frost across my skin.  What did that mean?
I waited and began to wonder if Roaden had changed his mind or if Payce was a bored useless deity that thought making human’s jump when he wanted would be funny.  A slight breeze cleared away my mind as easily as it stirred up dried leaves and scattered them across the street.  From the darkness, the curtain of velvet pulled and Roaden emerged easily and breathtaking.  The glow across his angular features melted my heart and I begged inwardly that he was a better person then Payce claimed him to be.
“Seraphin?” he asked looking up at me.  “Are you ok?”
“Yes,” I felt heaviness between us.  Of course I looked odd. I was either just arriving as I had one foot over the ledge or I was about to leave.  Neither being true.  “I realized I don’t know you.   Payce gave me your letter but he also gave me his warning that you were dangerous.  I just want you to understand something first.”
“I see,” he looked down and stepped away from me, back to the road.  “From your perch on the wall?  Very well.”
“Yes, my perch,” I frowned. “I know people don’t like my dad.  They say he’s a controller and he is.  I know.  But the people he helps, the ones he heals adore him just as much as the ones he can’t save hate him.  I just know he’s my father.  He’s been struggling to save me all my life.  I don’t want to do anything that would disrespect him.”
“I believe you,” Roaden said after a pause.  “I can only say that I have the land of the dead.  Those whose memories wander to haunt, haunt for a reason.  It is my responsibility to them to find out the cause so the anger, the rage, the pain disappears.  I investigate to be finding the truth.”
“What do you do with the truth when you have it?” I bit my lip.  The truth.  That’s what I wanted and Roaden was the only one who could help me find out the truth of the zombie.
“It depends on what it is,” he says, his voice low and velvet.  “As the individual is complex so is their reasoning.  There is right and wrong then there is saving the soul.  Things aren’t so clean when you deal with the dead.”
I breathed out.  Roaden wasn’t saying things to please me he was being honest and I believed him.  There was a tone in his voice that was calling me.  I felt a pull on my heart, a strong string that had him at the end.  He may only deal with the dead but he respected the living.
“I found that the zombie was intended for you.  The connection means someone inside Drear with access to you summoned the zombie.”  Roaden started speaking again.
I thought I was going to pass out.  Only Calista knew I was out.  It had been her idea.  In a blink of an eye I was leaning against the wall and Roaden’s hands were on either side of me holding me up.  “No, that isn’t right.”
“Steady,” he whispered and the chills glided on my skin down my cheek to tickle my neck.  I fought to focus and anchored myself with his unbelievably blue eyes.  “Something is different.  What have you done?”
“I haven’t done anything,” I croaked, common sense told me to get away.  My speeding heart begged for me to get closer.  So much for my leverage.  If I refused him now and he wanted to stop me he could.  “I’m sick and I’ve had a bad few days.”
“I see,” he looked down at me and pulled away slightly.  His eyes were artic ice with light beaming through them, turning the soft blue into different hues and depth as if alive.
“Do you?” I asked dazed by his presence and how conflicting it made my insides.  “Can you see when someone is dying?”
Roaden paused and he pulled away from me slightly.  “Yes, I see when someone is dying.  I can see their life line.”
“Life line?  You can see how long someone is going to live?” I couldn’t have heard that right.  But he was the son of Hades.  Why wouldn’t he have access to the knowledge of death?
“Yes,” he stood very still watching me with his impossible eyes.  His lips, a set straight line across a beautiful face, the line never wavering. “It is part of my heritage to know and not to tell.  The living must live.  They must breathe and move forward in time.  It is not their burden.”
“Sorry,” I managed under my guilt.  I’ve always known my life was going to be short.  It was part of my family, going back generations.  I couldn’t imagine that in a sort of reversed way.  I couldn’t imagine looking at everyone else and always knowing the extent of their own existence.  That was mind blowing.
“For what?” his eyes drew to slits.
“It was an insensitive question,” I tell him.  “You work with humans and it must be difficult knowing how long you will have to work with them.”
“It can be difficult but it is part of me,” he looks down the road as he speaks and I feel the hair on the back of my neck stand up.
“What is it?” I breathe my voice barely audible. I coward behind him, his thick coat brushing my cheek and fingers as I shivered.  “Is it a zombie?”
“No,” he said.  “It’s a ghost.”
“Ghost?” I looked up at him, the dark stubble of his chin and lashes of his eyes were black ink against his white glow.  I was pretty sure I could stare at him for hours and never stop being inspired.
“A frustrated emotion leaking into this world replaying its last memory over and over.” He tells me nonchalantly.
I looked down the street and stare into the dark.  I held my breath and look for any movement and indication Roaden is seeing an actual ghost.  I see a soft cloud rise up and vanish.  A smell of honey and forest float nearby.
“What do you do with them?” I ask.
“I try to help them remember what happened to them,” he says, his body suddenly stiff.  I realize how close I was and smelled ash and leaves from his skin. “If they can confront the traumatic event that brought them to an end they can move beyond on the moment and the anger and pain will be gone.”
“Oh,” I had not thought that The Fold did more than catch zombies to rebury them.  I didn’t think of them as helping people, even when they were gone.  Standing so close I noticed the bruise on his neck and under his left eye.
“Did you get into a fight?”
He jerked away like I’d poked him with fire.  His eyes were wide.
“Sorry,” I apologized.  Why was I always saying dumb things?  So stupid.  “It’s barely noticeable.  Really.  I didn’t realize it until I was standing right next to you.”
Roaden turned from me, his back tensed as he took a deep breath.  I changed the subject to more important matters.
“You won’t hurt the person that summoned the zombie?” I couldn’t imagine Calista being part of something so horrible but I couldn’t be naïve and ignore the fact that it was her idea I was out on the road to begin with.
“I need to find out the core reason they did it,” Roaden turned to me, his tall height and intimidation as something darker seemed to loom in his eyes.  “I need to help them so they don’t do it again.  Or they will need to be contained so they don’t have the opportunity to do it again.”
He will take Calista away.  How did I feel about that?  I felt the seeping betrayal rise up around me.  I had been so worried about her and she was never in any danger.  How could she do it?
“Calista DeMoss,” I released the name into the air.  “She was the only one to know I was on the road and when.  It was her idea that I sneak out to begin with.”
“I won’t harm her but I will have to question her,” his voice was stern and hinged on something else I wasn’t sure of.  He was shaking slightly and I knew it wasn’t from the cold.
“How?”
“As a family member of the original founders of Drear, you can give me permission to enter into Drear.  I need your permission.”
“I don’t know,” I felt faint again.  Did I really want that responsibility?  I stepped to the side and almost tripped over a branch that seemed to have sprung up from the ground suddenly.  “Damn, I’m so clumsy lately.”
Roaden’s eyes were wide and he looked down at my boots.  He knelt; palms spread on the dirt road and looked over the root.
“It’s dead,” he whispered.  He looked up at me.  “This is happening to you inside Drear?”
“I’m clumsy.  I even dream about tripping on things lately,” I smile.  He rose up, not like a normal guy, like the god he was, dark and floating.  Intimidation flowed from him the way dark pools in shadows of secret places.  “What’s wrong?”
“I thought you’d be safe because you were in Drear and the community is closed to me,” he seemed worried and that made me worried.  “Death should not find you.  But it’s moving through the ground.”
“Are you saying zombies can get to me from underground?”
“Sera,” he caught site of me and reached out, his eyes seeing me for the first time and he looked concerned.
“Are you serious?!”  I felt the wind squeeze out as this impossible idea came alive in my mind.  I wasn’t safe in my own home?
“I’ll work quickly,” he assured and I wanted to believe him.
“If my father finds out, if you do something, it will be my fault!”  I tell him.  Who was I to give permission to someone the community shunned?  I had no right to do that.
“I will not be going in as a The Fold leader, I will be going in as Roaden, keeper of the dead,” he explained.  I locked eyes with his and found my hand resting in his.  The warmth radiated through the black glove of his hands warm and affirming.  “I do this because I cannot let my member’s and what they work for be jeopardized if I get caught.  I send them away but they will still be associated with me.  I can be punished but they will still have to face my tarnish and move forward.  Time demands immediate attention to this.  I cannot wait.  I have a lot to lose myself.”
I believed him.  I knew he had secrets but I believed him when he said he had just as much to lose.  I would get in trouble, unimaginable trouble but his whole group could still be dismantled if suspension arose their leader entered a closed community.
“I can ease your mind by giving you control of me physically,” he pulled a sliver of gold from his pocket.  I instinctively reached for it, feeling the fragile gold slide through my fingers.
“What is it?” I knew what it looked like but it felt warm and glowed slightly when I twisted it.
“It was my mother’s,” he said softly.  I looked up at him.  “It’s an enchanted necklace that makes the owner of it have control of the one wearing it.”
“What is it for?”  I watched him as I spoke, his eyes staring hard at the gold chain in my hand.  It was his mother’s.  Was, as in she’s gone and this is what’s left of her.  Was he offering it to me?  “Roaden, I don’t want to take something that . . .”
“You have to,” he said suddenly. His eyes were desperate and his arm grabbed mine and I recoiled with the sudden stream of emotion emanating from him.  “You have to take ownership of it and then place it around my wrist.”
His voice was grit and anger forcing its way through his body.  He buckled slightly and ripped himself away from me.  He was struggling and I didn’t know why.  He turned from me and straightened himself up.
“My father was cursed,” Roaden began.  “A terrible cruel monster thrived in him and consumed him.  I didn’t know that he even fought it.  I never spoke to him.  I only saw him a few times.  I did see the aftermath of his intentions.  My mother being the most obvious.  His cruelty drained the life out of her.”
“I’m so sorry,” was all I could manage.  Everyone knew Hades kidnapped the young Persephone and tricked her into spending six months as his bride in Hades, every year for who knew how many.
“Don’t be sorry,” he turned slowly, his voice a growl.  “You need to accept the gift and then bestow it upon me for your own safety and your community’s safety.  I will trust you with my life but you can’t trust me with yours until you place that around my wrist.  Do you understand?”
“No,” I whispered.  His desperation was frightening.
“Will you do it?” his eyes pleaded as I grasped the gold, clutching it to my chest.
“Yes,” I decide.  “Tell me what to do.”
Roaden sighed and could almost see a weight lift off his shoulders.  I should have listened to Payce warning me.  I shouldn’t have snuck out like I had originally to get into the mess I was in now.  I was probably being naïve.  But Roaden needed me.  I truly believed it and I didn’t want to fail him.  I just wanted to find out about the girl before I died.  I just wanted to know what happened to her and why.
I wanted to know that when it was my time, I would be safe and never be raised in such a way.  Ever.







Chapter Twenty

Sera agreed and I thought my heart would shatter.  Her frail state had startled me.  I wondered what had been done to her in the short time I had been separated from her side.  But she came and seeing her perfect face and hearing her melody of a voice soothed my rage at knowing her heart was claimed by another.
“Hold the chain to your lips and say ‘I claim you as a gift.  You are mine, Seraphin Drear’s,’” I coached.  I was shaking.  I should deny her and place it around her wrist for myself.  I inched close and I bit the inside of my cheek.  “Hurry.”
“I claim you as a gift.  You are mine, Seraphin Drear’s,” she repeated, the gold chain brushing her mouth as she spoke.  The gold tinged as its new owner took control of it.  I watched it glow and then calm to a slight white gold hue.
“Now, gift it to me,” I held out my wrist and waited for her to cringe at the bones of my arms.  She did not hesitate touching me.  Sera looped the chain around me three times and then fastened it.  The small clasp vanished and she creased her brow at it.
“Is that it?” she looked up at me.   Those innocent eyes . . . 
“Now demand my attention return to my own.” I whisper.
“Roaden, return your attention to your own,” she sighs heavily and the release is complete, the tightness unwinding slowly from my chest.  She stares at me. “What does all this do?”
“It will keep me from kidnapping you and possessing you,” I tell her bluntly.  No point keeping that a secret.  I felt the relief continue to move over me.  I took a deep breath, releasing tension and torment that had wrapped itself into the cracks of my soul.  I could handle her rejection as I am now.  I would not obsess over her to such a degree that I would seek her out in all aspects of who I was.  Sera wouldn’t find herself tripping on dead roots or plants anymore.  Hopefully.
I felt my mind clear from a haze of want that I had been tortured in for days.  I could finally stretch my mind beyond my desire for Sera and reclaim my goals.  I needed to free my lost trapped in the basement, find the person who sent the zombie after Sera and track down Lorelei.  “You can now command my presence or send me away.  If you think I am causing harm in Drear, you can demand I leave and I will, instantly.”
“Wait, hold on,” she shook her impossible beautiful head of hair.  I tensed.  “Kidnap me?  Are you serious?”
“I’m cursed,” I explained annoyance curling me frustrations and making my voice sound angrier then I was.  She stood very still, her eyes wide and though I was contained I still melted inside at her reaction to me, though much gentler.  “I don’t want to hurt you.  I’ve been preparing myself for this moment for decades.  It’s just a test for me.  I won’t fail.  You don’t need to concern yourself with it.”
“Do you have to do this every time you work with women?” she turned when she spoke.
It was so absurd.  So completely unexpected.  I laughed.  Harder than I had for a long time.  She frowned at me.
“No,” I tell her.  “There have been no other women.”
Her face relaxes and she looked down at her feet.  I can feel the monster within, now a cage rabid animal fenced off to run the boarders.  It was safe for me to ask.  My heart squeezed in anticipation.
“Sera,” she looked up and stole my breath.  “I need to ask you something.”
“What?”
“Can you really see my face?”
“What do you mean?”
“No one sees me as I am when outside Hades,” I tell her.  “You can see me?”
“Yes,” she creased her brow.  “You’re right there.  I’m talking to you.”
“No,” I smiled.  “You see me as flesh and bone not a skeleton?”
“What?” she frowned at me.  “Are you serious? Is this a joke?”
“No,” but I was beginning to wonder what it was.  I had not taken Demeter’s words seriously before.  This could not possibly be what it appeared to be.  I wouldn’t fall into her trap.
“What does it mean?” Sera’s eyes became suddenly sad. “Is it because I’m dying?”
I froze before reacting.   I wanted to tell her.  I wanted to assure her but experience told me to hold off.  I did the best I could.  “I don’t know.  I’ll have to look into it.”
Sera looked down and even though her body was inches from mine I felt her spirit a million miles away from me.  She had the presence of the dead as they took in light and slipped beyond to a place I could not follow.  I regretted my response as it had sent her a drift and I felt more alone with her now than I did in my isolation in Hades.
“What do we do now?” she suddenly lit up and her blue eyes returned to mine.  “I mean, do I just invite you into Drear or what?”
“Yes,” I look at the wall.  It is blanketed in vines.  I could easily go over the wall but it would end our time together too soon.  I suddenly realized my time limit wasn’t expiring.  I wondered if by connecting to Sera I was being shown some grace and could perhaps stay above ground longer.  It was something to investigate.  “Let’s go to the back entrance.”
“Ok,” she breathed out and the white cloud floated from her lips reminding me how cold it was.
“If you’re cold I can offer you my coat?”
“Then you would be cold,” she said as she looked at my coat.  She was cold and I was being selfish.
“I don’t feel temperatures,” I tell her.  “Not above ground.”
“It doesn’t affect you?” she sounded fascinated and probably had mutant on the tip of her tongue.
“I’m only a skeleton,” I smile and she bites her lip before smiling back.
“I’m ok.”  Sera steps up and carefully takes my arm, the small gentle gesture as she loops her hand into the crook of my elbow warms my whole body.  I exhale.
“Sorry,” she started to pull away and I tensed.
“No,” I stopped her by placing my hand over her fingers and she tangled them. “I’m not use to someone being so close.  It’s fine. You’re fine.”
Sera smiled and looked down.  I wondered how many times she’d done this with her boyfriend.  Would he approve of us now?  I hoped not.
“I will have a limited time above ground to investigate Drear.  I will primarily work at dusk and in the night,” I inform her.  We walk in unison as I had with countless ghosts.  The difference was the weight.  Feeling Sera’s hand on my arm and the warmth along the side of her seeped through.  She was so alive.  That was the difference.
“I want to help,” Sera looked up at me her voice stern.  “Not just inviting you in.  I want to know who you talk to and what they say.”
“I can’t promise that,” I tell her.
Sera pulled away.  “Why?”
“If someone did this for personal painful reasons, acting out because of grief or mental issue, I don’t think it would be fair for me to give you every detail.  I need to be sensitive to the needs of the individual in my council,” I explain and watch her beautiful face become tender towards me.
	“I can understand that,” she loops back in my arm and leans in stopping my heart in my chest.  She looks up and I want to speak but my throat is a parched desert looking into an oasis.  I could stare at her forever, literally.  I wonder if I can find a way to stay near her after my investigation is done?  Can I find a way to free my lost without her finding out I’m after her father?  I realize the silence between us has turned into something else.  Something that makes my blood rush and the storm in my ears fill with thunder and my skin burns and I want it all.  I lean down as her head tilts . . . 
	My phone goes off breaking our spell.  Things had been so quiet I was instantly alarmed by the disturbance and shocked at what I had almost allowed to transpire.  A dark shadow rolls inside of me.
	I read the message and frowned as I read Deter’s text.  Lorelei.  So consumed had I been with Sera and Drear, I had neglected a watchful eye in search of clues to Lorelei and where she was hiding.
	“Something is wrong?” Sera looked at my phone as I held it.  
	“Yes,” I put the phone in my pocket and took her hand. “I will get you home and then I have to leave.  Invite me into Drear.”
	“I, Seraphin Drear, invite you into Drear,” she said simply.  I could feel the air shift as I was now allowed to sense Drear.  I could smell the apple trees, even though they were froze on the other side.  I also sensed a lot more life than anticipated.  
	“Allow me,” I bent down and she shook her head. I lifted her up into my arms and in a blink we were on the other side of the wall.  She gasped and I realized I was still holding her tightly to my chest.  I set her down and marveled at the world that had just been opened up to me as Sera took in a deep breath.
	“I live a ways up the other direction.  Most of the cameras are in the main heart of the community.  There are patrols but not so much anymore, mainly during early curfew.  Haven’t had any issues in so long I guess they aren’t too worried about it.” She explains.  I decide not to tell her I have a map already.  I needed to juggle my time finding who raised the zombie to attack Sera and why with my time investigating my lost children living in the basement of the old hospital facility.  I knew it was connected to Dr. Drear I just wasn’t sure how yet.  I couldn’t tell Sera or give her reason to doubt me since I’d given her the power of control over me.
	I could not imagine what Deter would say when I told him what I had done.  
	“Over confidence can be a good thing,” I tell her as I survey the area.  The back where we stood was almost all farm land with a dirt road running alongside the wall.  This was good for sneaking in and out, as Sera had shown already.  “Let me get you home.”
	“Before you, um, travel in the dark again,” she started.  “Where are you going after?”
	“Arkansas,” 
	“What?  Now?” she looked at the wall and back at me.  “For how long? When will you be back?”
	I was confused until I realized the issue.  “I travel in darkness.  I will be in Arkansas in seconds and return just the same.  I assure you I will do an underground sweep and make sure nothing is coming towards you before I go. You will be safe and I will meet you tomorrow night before I continue my investigation.”
	Sera relaxed and crossed her arms as the cold made her shiver.  “Wow.  Travel like that everywhere?”
	“Yes,” I feel reluctance encroaching on me.  Perhaps tonight has been too much.  I couldn’t imagine what was going through her mind.  She was still here, that was important.  She may never be here again.  Not after all this.  I could easily see her running home and shutting the door on me.  It would make my investigation in Drear easier and I would have to steal glances of her, but as we are now, two people talking, I could see this being the last time.  I wouldn’t blame her for not wanting to return to this confusing life of curses and death.
	“Have you ever been to Scotland?” she smiles and her eyes take on light, vibrant and encouraging.  
	“Yes,” I say matching her smile.   I couldn’t remember the last time I’d had a conversation that wasn’t about death.  I wanted to thank her.  I wanted to tell her how much it meant to have her standing there, but I couldn’t let it out.   “It’s beautiful.  I’m sure even more so when the sun is crowning it.”







Chapter Twenty-One

I had almost kissed a god.  The memory exploded stars in my mind.  Roaden was going to kiss me and  . . . we were interrupted.
	I rolled onto my side.  My clock showed it was almost lunch time. I had gotten home just after 2.  Roaden got me home in a blink of an eye and told me he’d be back before midnight tonight.  I made him promise to see me before he went to Calista’s.  
This day was going to crawl by.
	I knew Roaden was dangerous.  I could tell by the darkness in his eyes and the frustration grinding in his voice as he struggled to explain the need for me to ‘gift’ him the gold chain.  There was something else in his settle glances and pensive stare, something deeper and tangled in death and his curse.  I couldn’t tell what it was but I wanted it and it seemed to peek out at me.  I needed to see him again.
“Rise and shine!” Stella flew through the door and went straight for my drawn curtains.  I instinctively covered my face to shield what was left of the sleep in my eyes from the blaring sun light she was allowing in.  I groaned.  “I’m not feeding you lunch in bed.  Lunch in 15 minutes.”
I grumbled and pulled the covers down.  She was standing at the door, a frown in place.  She wiped her hands on her white apron.  “You have an appointment with Dr. Stein at 2.  Your mother is meeting with the decorators so Paul will be taking you to your appointment.”
The bubble I had been floating in since seeing Roaden, just popped.  Blood work and who knows what else since my episode at school and confession that I had not been on medication for a while.
I got dressed and reluctantly ate the sandwich Stella made for me.   I had not been to school for three days and I was wondering what the holdup was.  Not that it mattered.  I had no boyfriend, no best friend and the only one I wanted to see only came out at night and only with the intention of finding out the zombie’s secret.
The hospital was over ten stories and always made me feel it was trying to be impressive but not forlorn.  It couldn’t help it, primary gray and plain made me feel instantly sad.
“Are you ok Miss Drear,” Paul eyed me in the mirror.
“Yes,” I took a deep breath.  My stomach was doing flips and when I was younger I used to throw up every time I came to the hospital.   I tear up and Paul instantly pulled over, just in time for me to be sick on the street.  “I’m so sorry.”
“Not a problem kid,” Paul whispered.  I shut the door of the car and he handed me a bottle water and napkin.  Paul was obviously prepared, flashing back to my younger years.
“Thanks,” I took it.  I wondered if Stella made him pack it or if he really thought of it on his own.  I suppose it didn’t matter.  I was grateful either way.
We drove along the side of the building and turned to pass the patient entrance.  A small group of people were picketing the front.  I couldn’t read their signs but I know I heard someone yelling ‘murderer’!
“Paul?  Do you know what’s going on?” I asked as I tried to catch a few letters from the pickets.  “Paul?”
“What? Um, no I’m sorry,” Paul tensed not looking at me in the mirror as we drove on.
I sat back and wondered if this was part of the reason dad was working so much.  If there were problems it would explain his late hours.  I didn’t want the hospital to have trouble but I couldn’t help but feel a twinge of relief that maybe dad wasn’t avoiding me because I angered him.
“Here we are,” Paul pulled up to the door and I got out.  “I’ll be waiting.  Just come out and I’ll drive up for you.”
“Ok,” I slammed the door and watched him drive to the parking area.
I entered the office and the receptionist recognized me, she smiled and pointed to an empty seat.  I sat on the stiff cushion and smiled at an old woman staring at me blankly.  I saw the pictures of my great grandfather, my grandfather and my father.  I wondered what would happen now that there was no son to carry on the family tradition.  I wondered why my father didn’t want any more children.  The girls were the ones that got sick; the boys grew to be brilliant and successful.  My mother was actually being humble when she spoke praises about my father.  He was a great healer.  There was a waiting list to get in under his care.  I thought of the protestors.  If my dad could save everyone I wouldn’t be dying.  The thought of them was making me angry.
I was cruel irony.  The one he wanted to save and couldn’t.
Calista would be in her last class for the day right now.  I wondered if she’d tried to get a hold of me.  My cell phone was still broken and I hadn’t said anything to mom to get it a new one.
I fantasized about Jasmine being titled The heartless bitch that almost killed Seraphin Drear.  Jasmine, the heartless whore who couldn’t just be content with one of the many single guys that were already drooling at her feet, had to have Bryan.  How could Bryan let himself be dragged into her snare?  I felt my blood pressure rise and my heart sped up.  I took a deep breath and tried to picture the tension in my chest melting away.
I doubted anyone really cared.  I liked to think some of the kids at school, the one’s that acted like they cared about mom’s big party and acted like they cared who I was, would rally to my defense and snub Jasmine.
Reality, reality.  I reminded myself.  It was a nice fantasy.  My over active imagination and daydreaming was the primary reason I fought so hard to go to public school. Mom had me homeschooled until high school.  She thought I’d be germ free and stronger if I stayed home.  Dr. Stein argued that.  Dr. Stein had been really great through the adjustment period, as he called it as I entered freshmen year.  I called it my culture shock.  I had grown up on Disney shows and really believed people did do the right thing when given the choice.  I believed people could all get along no matter how different and that everyone had a place in the world that could be respected.
Did I have it wrong?
I spent the first 6 months figuring out who was trying to get close to me over curiosity and who wanted to use my name like a free pass.  The other six months I started to hear the rumors about my family. Our family curse.  There was a meeting in homeroom before I started school, where everyone had to read the rules of what was acceptable behavior around me.  Students had to sign a contract that they would be on their best behavior when in my presence.
I was mortified.  A copy of the letter was put in my locker after one of the student disappeared.  That was another rumor.  My father is so big and powerful he can make someone disappeared.  The girl’s name was Tila Corner.  She was rude and obnoxious.  We had a small run in in the hall.  It was all stupid.  I apologized even though it was her fault she couldn’t seem to walk in a straight line and talk at the same time.
Tila had been expelled for other reasons and her family relocated but that didn’t stop the rumor mill. Everyone minded their p’s and q’s after that when around me.  It made for a very lonely year.  The dark school built in 1890 was drab and gothic without much update.  Dark corners and small doorways started to feel like a coffin closing on me then a step out into the world away from home and my illness.
Then came Bryan.
His smile was like a window being opened to let the sun in, pushing back all the darkness.  All the death.  He sat next to me in math and helped me with homework.  He was so sweet.  I never thought he’d be the biggest back stabber.
“Miss Drear?” the receptionist smiled at me over her tall desk.  “You’ll stop at the first door on the left for blood work.  Dr. Stein will see you after.”
I waited for her to beep and pulled the heavy door.  I walked down the long plain hallway.  It felt like ages since I’d been here.  Almost a year.  It had been such a good year.  Now I was out of breathe just coming down the hall.
I took my seat in the room to have my blood drawn.  A male nurse I didn’t recognize hooked up and IV to my arm and drew blood from the other.  I watched the drip of the IV and wondered if this was what the last moments of my life would be.
I couldn’t stand to see my blood filling the bags.  I didn’t mind blood and seeing it otherwise was fine, but something about seeing mine fill an empty plastic bag and then fill another, made me nausea.  So much for Stella’s lunch.  The nurse brought me a pale and I got sick, again.
I sat for a while and ate a cookie and drank a juice.  The nurse disappeared and I waited patiently for him to tell me it was ok to go on down but he was taking too long and I just wanted to get home.
Mindful of my IV carefully navigated it down the hall with me.  I stood outside Dr. Stein’s door to collect myself.  I didn’t want him to know how much the last few days had affected me.  His voice carried into the hall.
“I understand that sir, I do,” Dr. Stein sounded more his age and less like the professional I knew him to be. “She isn’t just a teenager, she’s an adult now.  I can handle this.  She trusts me.”
Dad.  I felt my heart swell. It had been a long time since we just sat and talked.  Lately I felt like he was further away. . . I stopped the thought. I might need it for later.
“Dr. Drear, I assure you I had no reason to suspect anything was wrong.  Everything indicated a complete recovery; I reanalyzed the data when I questioned the lab.  Her blood work had shown that there was no reason to continue,” Dr. Stein’s voice was somewhat forceful and it made me feel like someone was crossing the line to stand on my side again.   “I’ll keep you informed.”
I knocked on the door and it opened slowly, Dr. Stein was standing behind his desk, his glasses on the table.  He looked even younger when he wasn’t wearing them.  He smiled.
“I’ll call you later, I need to go.” He hung up, I was pretty sure he was hanging up on my father midsentence.  I was curious to see how honest he’d be.
“Was that my dad?” I asked.  Dr. Stein smiled slightly and walked around the desk gesturing to the chair for me to sit in.  He shut the door sealing us both in with a swoosh.
“Yes,” his voice barely a whisper and eyed my IV.  “He’s very upset.  Did they not release you before sending you on your way?”
“I don’t know where the nurse went, I was waiting and just decided to come on down.  It isn’t like I was going to get lost on my way.  I know the routine.”
“Yes,” Dr. Stein smiled and took out a cotton swab and bandage from his desk.  He swiftly and painlessly removed the IV and took care of the small amount of blood it brought up.  “There you are.  Perfect.”
I felt uneasy from his complement.  It suddenly felt very strange to be back in his office. I realized I hadn’t talked to him much while I was dating Bryan.  I guess I was doing so well it didn’t matter.”
I sat down in the leather seat and it didn’t give much under me, forcing me to sit straight.  Doing something I was completely unprepared for, Dr. Stein took his chair and rolled it around until it was facing me.  He sat down and I could see his exhaustion.  His eyes were tired and the brown was deeper.
“You need to be honest with me,” he held his hand up to stop me from interrupting.  “If you aren’t telling me what I need to hear, you will be withdrawn from school and placed in the hospital as a resident.”
“What?” I couldn’t believe this.  The world was officially crashing in on me.  “For how long?”
Dr. Stein didn’t move, didn’t blink, he was too busy reading my reaction.  I knew this from all our sessions the last three years.  I would need to be careful.
“For however long you have,” he answered dryly.
I stared at him.  Dr. Stein was an optimist, a glass is half full type and he was big on positive thinking to keep my health in check along with medication.  This was the absolute closest he’d ever come to acknowledging I was going to die.  It upset me more than I ever thought it could.
“I thought I was getting better,” I whisper.  Even Dr. Stein had just said my past blood work was showing recovery.
“Your dad has more experience with your illness and I’m afraid he feels I’ve shown a great lapse in judgment by not practicing due diligence.  That’s why I need you to not hold anything back from me.”
“What exactly do you want to hear?” I ask.  He leans forward, our knees touching and I recoil slightly.  I wasn’t use to seeing him desperate but that’s how he appeared.  He didn’t say he wanted the truth; he wanted me to tell him what he wanted to hear.  I could do that.
“Your father is extremely concerned that you haven’t been completely honest about what’s been going on lately,” Dr. Stein started, his eyes a pensive steal trap I dared not look away from.  “How long have you been off your medication?”
“Almost 7 months,” I state without hesitation.  Dr. Stein’s jaw drops and he sat back.
“Why did you stop taking it?”
“I didn’t like how it numbed my feelings,” I said evenly.  “I was with Bryan and I was tired of not feeling much when we were together.  I had a really bad flu and couldn’t keep anything down for almost a week,” Dr. Stein shook his head in memory of this. “I was talking to Bryan on the phone after the worst of it but I wasn’t back on my medication yet.  It was different.  I realized I was different.”
“So, you stopped taking your medication so you could feel more with your boyfriend?” Dr. Stein said it in the way that I realized it really was. Stupid.  I had been stupid to jeopardize myself especially for Bryan.  “You haven’t been on medication that long?”
“Yes,” I bit my lip to feel the pain.  I was tired of feeling miserable.  I shouldn’t have to pull back an old scab for the sake of my psychiatrist to feel like we we’re bonding again but I was not going to spend the rest of my existence in a hospital ward.  I wasn’t sure why I asked, maybe it was because Dr. Stein seemed more causal or maybe it was because I heard his worried tone when he was speaking to my father, but I it came out without hesitation. “Is my father threatening you?”
Dr. Stein furrowed his brows and a smile slid sideways up his face.  “He is very concerned and is extremely upset with everyone involved in your care.”
“You’re very diplomatic,” I tell him.  “When I die does that mean he will blame you?”
“Seraphin,” he shook his head and squeezed the bridge of his nose.
“Dr. Stein I am honest with what I told you.  I’ve also decided that all this positive thinking really only makes for time around me, however limited just more pleasant.” I wasn’t sure when I had decided it but I knew it was true.  Maybe that was the true intention of making my classmates sign contracts, to keep them on good behavior around me.
“That’s what you believe now?” he tilted his head and seemed sad.  I knew we’d been talking for a few years. He started straight out of college; I guess that technically made me his first patient.  I suspect he was in his early twenties, being a genius made him hard to pick apart sometimes.  Today, he just seemed very human and I was the human with an expiration date.  I wondered if my death would hurt him?
“Just write down in your notes that my impending demise was slowly shaking my moral boundaries, or something like that.  Something that will make it irrational to blame you for my death.” I sat back and took a deep breath.  Even talking too much was making it hard to breath.  “I’ve recently been informed I’m selfish with my time here and don’t give enough thought to the people that I’m about to leave behind.”
“Did Bryan tell you that?” Dr. Stein instantly went to psychiatrist mode, even putting on his glasses making me think of Superman moving in reverse.
“Bryan broke up with me,” I tell him.  This was a big enough secret that should cover all strange behavior on my part.  Fresh hurt surfaced, but it was my ego bruised not my heart wanting the missing touch or voice as I had.
For the second time in our session, Dr. Stein seemed a loss for words.  He sat back; mouth agape and an old twinkle in the eye rose up.  I didn’t realize this would please him so much.  It did make sense.  People did crazy things for love.
“I know it isn’t a big deal, we’re teenagers and everything, I know the speech,” I continue as he takes my words in eagerly, “but it was a big deal to me.  The biggest thing since being allowed to go to public school.  It was a world I didn’t think I’d get.  Who’d ever date the dying girl?”
“What happened?” he asked.
“Well,” I rolled my eyes as they tear up betraying me by showing my real emotions.  “Everyone seemed to know but me.  Bryan was seeing someone else.”
“Was Bryan the one who said you were not thinking of those being left behind?” Dr. Stein asked, he reached for a pen and paper from across his desk.
“No,” I laughed.  “His new girlfriend did.”
“Ouch,” Dr. Stein frowned at his notebook and paused from writing.  “I am sorry.”
“Me too,” I crossed my arms and sat back, trying to get the stiff chair to give a little.  It didn’t.  Dr. Stein peered at me over the rim of his glasses, giving me chills.  His pause was awkward and all I could do was wait.
“Were you and Bryan having sex?”
“What?” I blinked.  I did not just hear him ask me that.  The color started rising up in my cheeks.
“It’s natural,” Dr. Stein insisted putting a hand up to keep me from interrupting.  “Your time is limited.  It wouldn’t be unusual at all if you wanted to explore every aspect of a relationship while you had the opportunity to do so.  To be with someone you can trust.  Someone who cares for you, there wouldn’t be anything wrong with that.”
I was too stunned to respond and blazing hot, I knew my face was bright red.  Bryan had wanted too.  I did too I just couldn’t.  I felt fresh anger curl up on me realizing now Jasmine probably had no reservation.
“Sera,” Dr. Stein put the notebook down on his lap and leaned forward.  The smell of his aftershave became wall between us and I had to hold my breath.  “It’s nothing to be ashamed of.”
“I’m not ashamed,” I tell him.  “I did not have sex with Bryan.”
“Ok,” Dr. Stein sat back and breathed out.  “We will need to schedule an EKG.  I want you out a week from class.  You’re teachers will make homework make up projects for you.”
“Fine,” I wanted out of this office.  Out of this building.  At least an EKG wasn’t painful.
“Sera,” crossed a boarder we’d never breached before, by touching my hand.  “I’m 25.  I remember teenage relationships.  They aren’t petty or stupid.  They aren’t insignificant or silly.”
“Thanks,” I want to move my hand away, I want to end out staring contest but I can’t.  There’s a glint in his eyes that makes me nervous and nauseas all at the same time. “I’d like to go.”
“I know,” he doesn’t take back his hand but leans in closer, “I want you to know I appreciate your concern but you don’t need to be.  Not for me.  I can handle myself.”
I shake my head feeling my face burn up again.  I stand up and almost knock the chair over.  Dr. Stein doesn’t give me much space.  I leave and don’t look back.

	





Chapter Twenty-Two

I left Seraphin at her bedroom window and snaked back into Hades for a brief refresher.  Being with Sera made my time above ground more bearable but that could be just a deception.  I couldn’t chance being debilitated when meeting with Deter.
Seraphin Drear was now the most precious, most important person to me and I knew I would do anything just to share a moment with her, however brief.
I folded on the steps of my home and took in a deep breath of heat and burning sage.  I felt rejuvenated as my homeland entered my veins and filled my body.    I sat still and adjusted the heavy coat.  Her hand was still a print on my arm from where she touched me and I didn’t want to lose the sensation yet.
The animal inside was curled in a corner but still present.  I finally felt a freedom to regain my sanity.  To keep Seraphin safe I needed to find out the zombies creator and then secure Dr. Drear.  Preferably without her knowing about it.  My thoughts stumbled on an already disturbing realization I had while she spoke about her illness.  It was the same reality I had when speaking to Constance.  I had not thought much of it at the time with Constance.  Though, I had a very different way of dealing with living humans then.  They weren’t my concern until they were one of mine.  One of the dead.  I was not to step into the land of the living to interfere with the living.  It is not the place of Hades.
Seraphin Drear was a healthy teenager who was not anywhere near dying.  I needed to find out why she thought she was.
First things first.  I rose up and returned to Drear.  I stayed close to the gate at the back and blended with the shadows.  I place my hand, fiver finger spread across the frosted ground, I stretched my senses to my heritage.  I inhaled the earth and the crisp air.  I summoned a shift and pulsed through the earth.  The vibration washed through clean.  No dead beings beneath the ground in Drear.  Seraphin was not in danger of a zombie attack tonight.
I rose up, feet connected to the long shadows of naked trees.  I closed my eyes and focused and Deter.  I plunged through the night; wind so cold it left solid frost on my coat.  I could see Deter’s face, pale and thin . . . perplexed.  A dark writhing being was moving towards him quickly, coming up from behind.
I materialized behind Deter and took a dagger to the back.  I swung around and slid my leg down.  The being jumped and shot back into the air, like a lasso was tied to its waist and the master had pulled it, hard jerking it back through space in an instant.
“Sir,” Deter’s voice was even and I felt his hand on my back.  The white fire was from the blade made me pause.  “Breathe in.”
I did as instructed and he pulls it out.
“What was it?  Did you . . .” I saw his eyes stare piercingly at the gold around my wrist.  I tucked back into the glove.  Deter’s disproval was only read by the sudden line his mouth drew.  Because I knew him so well I knew the words between the lines.
“I think it was a golem,” I finish for him and straighten up as my body sews back the torn muscle.  “It was coming for you.”
“I believe Lorelie left you a message,” Deter’s voice was so low it rolled across gravel.  I almost didn’t hear him.
“What have you found to indicate it?” I grumbled the pain still prominent in my just beneath my shoulder blade.  If it had hit Deter, it would have taken out his heart.
“Look around you sir,” Deter gestured before us.  “A woman scorned is capable of anything.”
“Games may be part of her but this I’m afraid I’m not sure I see a connection.” I admitted.
The air is wet and cool.  The clouds block all light and the darkness is more oppressive.  There are a dozen ghouls broken and bent spread out before The Fold members.  The limbs twitch and some still groan.  The smell is of death the decay stench all around.
The Fold members are the small handful of young men.  I see one stand out amongst the dozen working.  He is quick and moves from one small group to another, making his way to Deter.  I can see him tense as I approach, he braces himself, chest stiffening and head held higher than necessary.
He nods his blond head at me in a sharp quick movement, “Master Roaden,” and turns to Deter abruptly. “Sir we have the ghouls catalogued.  They look to be primarily from the same family.  They were feasting on the birds.”
“I see,” Deter looks down at the birds still scattered among us.  Sad confetti of the skies most delicate creatures.  “Interesting.  Garn, tell the police we’ll allow them to attempt to identify the bodies.  Tell them the birds died of shock, probably lightening and that’s what killed them.  Allow the police to conclude all the dead birds are what drove the ghouls out and caused the frenzy.”
“Yes, sir.”  Garn starts to leave and Deter casts me a glance.  It makes a hole in my chest.
“Garn,” I call him back.  Garn turns on heal and is instantly back into position. “What is your opinion of what you see?”
“I don’t have a sound theory,” he looked down, his eyes darting nervously around the little bodies of black birds.
“Tell me, what is your ability,” I ask him.
“I am a ground reader sir,” he straightens.  That is good.  Someone who can use sonic to read the deep earth and if trained right can shoot it through the air and pick up zombies in a radius of a mile is very good and rare.  I can see why Deter had been watching him.  I wondered if there was anything else.
“Please tell me what you believe happened here,” I am sterner.  I need to know how smart he is. How much of a danger he may be to my own and himself.
“Well, as I said Master Roaden,”
“Sir is fine,” I interject.
“Yes, Sir,” he bends down and observes a small black bird that had not been taken to bits to be consumed by ghouls.  “The hearts are missing.  Not just in one but I suspect all of them.”
“Yes,” I join him and Deter is alert and stoic close by.
“The ghouls were a family that means they were just used to clean up the birds.  I don’t believe we were meant to know about this.  If we had not been alerted of strange activity here we would have just been called in after the ghouls were done and working on each other.  We never would have realized the full extent of death or the number of hearts missing.”
I rise up and Garn does too his face thin pale and uncertain.
“It’s a quick thought; I don’t really have any other reason to think this, sir.”
“It’s good,” I look over to Deter he appears almost smug.  “Have you shared it with anyone else?”
“No, sir,” Garn looks to Deter and back at me.
“Don’t,” I tell him.  “I want to trust you Garn.”
“You can trust me sir, I’ll prove it,” Garn steps up.  His eagerness makes my jaw tighten.  Deter doesn’t say anything.
“Please keep your theory to yourself,” I tug at the scarf pulling it up higher on my face.  “Do you understand?”
“Yes,” Garn stays in our circle and it doesn’t fit. I know it doesn’t fit yet either.
“Do you?”
“I understand that I trust you sir, if you need me to keep quiet that is all I will ever need to know,” Garn insists.
“Even if you are right and never get credit for it?” I wonder if his eagerness is real or if he is simply deceptively appeasing.  Deter is a good judge of character.  Deter is good period.
“It may be difficult but it is hard for me to say how I will be ten years from now or longer. I would like to think I will exercise good character at all times.  To be honest sir, if something does bother me I will say something to you.” Garn decides.  “If I am no longer suitable to do my job at the level I’ve been given I would expect you to relieve me of my responsibilities.”
“Good enough,” Deter steps up. “The police are waiting and need a statement so they can come in.  See that the others have gathered what they need and ask them to step aside to the local law can do their job.”
Garn nods and leaves.  I watch him go.  I don’t dislike Garn but I do dislike the reason he is suddenly necessary.  Deter says nothing.  I’ve known for some time Deter was intentionally dropping Garn’s name and working with him more closely than the others.  I just didn’t want to talk about it.  Garn, Deter’s chosen replacement.  Accepting Garn means I will have accepting Deter’s death.  I feel my chest tighten and mourning stirs even though Deter is still here, still alive and still working alongside me.
I can’t grieve for the living.  I can only watch them as they go by.
“The golem was a nasty surprise,” Deter broke into my thoughts.  “That’s what I was tracking.  It started out in Michigan and then appeared in the seer’s dreams, Robert.   He saw the birds falling.  Their hearts breaking and melting away.”
“You didn’t call me then,” I stated not questioned.  “What makes you think this is Lorelie’s work?”
“I realized you were busy and they can handle more then you realize.”  Deter shook his head.  “I had a change of heart when I realized the heart was the connection.”
That meant Garn’s theory didn’t make sense.  “Garn would be wrong.”
“Not with the information he has,” Deter corrected.  “With what he knows, his theory is still very good.  But we have more insight on what else is involved.”
“You want me to tell Garn everything?” I cut to the chase.  I didn’t like the idea.  I didn’t know him.
“I think you should consider it,” Deter tells me.  “You need back up sir, Garn can offer that to you.”
“What’s your theory?” I change the subject.  My mind was still reeling from Seraphin’s scent and the knife pulled from my back.  Being reminded of Lorel made me feel like I was jumping into a pit with no bottom.  As long as I had been down there with only her in my view, searching and waiting, I forgot all about the sun, all about the living and all about my curse.  I dreaded going back into the dark again.
“I think this was a set up,” Deter’s jaw is tight and his eyes dance around the dark looking for unwanted attention.  “I think she’s ready to come after you now.  She arranged a distraction with the birds and sent the ghouls for us to fight off.”
“Then she sent in a golem?” I wondered when Lorelei would poke her head up and make herself known.  I hoped Payce was ok.  “It’s possible.”
“Sir?” Garn jogged up, his black coat flapping behind him. He held out small envelope in hand.  “This was on the females’ body.”
I took it from him.  The envelope was sealed and splatter of blood sprayed across it, staining.  I opened it and read it silently.  I felt the harsh reality of my worst fears as it rose up from ash and landed right in front of me.  I folded it up and slipped it in my coat pocket.
Garn looked to Deter and then left without a word.
“You’re right,” I whisper to Deter.
“It is Lorel?” Deter asked.  “What did she say?”
“Happy Anniversary my beloved.”


















Chapter Twenty- Three

I was still feeling a slight buzz of confusion even after a long nap.  Dr. Stein was human to me now, almost touchable and that was disconcerting.  When I was first seeing him I used to think he was cute.  I liked that he was so smart and seemed dressed too proper.  His was always in a suit which was very attractive to me.  
	I got over it quickly.
	Now I felt displaced.  I debated telling Stella when she came in and piled up my laundry and straightened my sitting area.  But I wasn’t sure.  Maybe I was too sensitive.  I could barely lift my head so I stopped trying.  My clock said it was almost 4.  I let myself slip in and out of sleep.  
	I had the strangest feeling I was a kid again.  The hall I was running down was taller and I was trying to find the door that would let me out to the garden.  I came to the servant’s side of the house and Calista was sitting on large round carpet.
	“You aren’t supposed to be here,” she mumbles and then ignores me as she brushes her dolls long hair.  The doll turns and looks at me.  I can’t take my eyes off it.
	“Have we met?” I ask it.
	“You’re the dead girl,” Calista says and her doll is still.  
	“I’m not dead yet,” I correct her feeling heat in my cheeks.
	“Are you afraid?” the doll asks and Calista doesn’t blink her large brown eyes once.   Devon starts grooming himself on the chair across the room and I just now notice him.  I look back down and just the doll is left behind, Calista has taken to air and vanished in the streaming sunlight.  The doll’s little plastic face is flawless with long brown hair like Calista’s.  Without her lips parting the voice flows from the doll.
	“Because of you, this is me.”

	I sit up in bed and my heart is in a raging race in my chest.  I start to reach for my alert to call for help but I can’t stretch my arm out.  I curl up into myself and breath.   I can’t go now.  I have to stay.  I have to find out about the zombie.  
	I have to tell Roaden the message.  At least I think it’s a message.
	I feel my head rush ease and a slight buzzing in my ears as the blood flow starts to regulate again.  At least I didn’t pass out.  I used to think of them as little victories.  Now I just watch my days rise and fall away like currents in a sea.  I also get in a funk when I’m medicated for a while.  Sort of a fantasy induced mind melting, easily distracted and not . . .really. . . with it.
	I have to pull myself together for tonight.  I take my next pill and slide it down the hollow banister of my bed.  A foolish, childish thing I’ve done for years.  I wonder how many may rattle around when they come in to clean my room after I’m dead and gone.
	I freeze and my mind is a blank slate as cold fills me.  I can’t think like this.  I have to move and think about Roaden coming tonight.
	I slip out of bed and eat dinner with Stella.  She is the last highlight in my house.  Mother won’t be seen until it’s time for the party.  Dad won’t be seen unless I do something horrible.  Only Stella stands here, rain or shine.
	“I’m going to my room,” I tell her.  
	“Take your plate to the sink,” she instructs.  I think it’s her way of making me exercise no matter how little, at least she has me moving.
	I enter my room and shut the door.  I wish it had a lock but for obvious reasons, like me passing out and the staff not being able to reach me, I didn’t.  I tied an old tie of my father’s around the knobs.  It was the only way I could keep anyone from just walking in on me.  I was just ‘changing’ and forgot to undo it, that’s what I say on the rare occasion someone tries to walk in.  That’s always worked
	The idea of Roaden being in my room, alone, made me nervous.  I over looked the room quickly.  Stella had done a good job.  Then I noticed it.  I hadn’t until I left the room and re-entered.
	Pomegranate.  My favorite scent was heavy in the air.  Stella must have switched out an air freshener in the bathroom.  The sweet aroma was strong.  
	What would Roaden think?  If the stories are true about his mother being trapped in Hades for six months because she ate the six seeds of the pomegranate, what would he think of this?  What if that’s what drew him to me?
	I felt a horrible knot tighten in the pit of my stomach.  My heart fell and my mind started racing.  What if that was why he was struggling around me?  
	The thought was more sad then feeling resolved at solving his issue.  The way his eye’s danced over my face, the way his smile summoned mine, and the voice, the beautiful calm voice commanding and reassuring, what if it wasn’t real?  What if it was just a spell?
	I opened the bathroom door and unplugged the air freshener.  I turned the fan on and wondered if it was too late to open windows?
	I decided to focus on getting presentable instead.  I looked at my reflection in the mirror and wished I hadn’t.  I had dark circles under my eyes and the slightest tint of blue in my lips.  Poor circulation did this.  I was worse.  So much worse then I realized.  I leaned in and rubbed my cheeks.  How could this happen so quickly?
	I brushed the tears away and tried not to think of the inevitable.  I straightened my hair, having to take a break for my arms as sleep started creeping back in.  I probably should have skipped the pill after my meeting with Dr. Stein but I was so  . . . creeped out I didn’t think I’d sleep well if I didn’t.
	I walked in my closet and slide the ladder over so I could reach the newer close mom had packed for me on the upper level.  I remember a blue long sleeve shirt that was ‘slimming’ as mom said, what she wanted was for me to show my figure.  I found it underneath a pile of sweaters and pulled the soft cotton material on.  I found my favorite jeans and admired myself in the mirror.  I tried to admire myself.  I was too thin and the jeans hung off me in back.  I pulled some of my hair down the side, the cascade of strawberry blond against blue.  I checked my face.
	Blue lips.  
	Not much I could do for that.  I needed to focus on conversation.  I wanted to be part of the investigation.  I wanted to know what Calista had to do with the zombie girl, if anything.  I needed to tell Roaden about the words I heard before the zombie attacked me.  I wanted to hear Roaden’s voice.  
	I sat on my bed and straightened an invisible crease.  Stella wouldn’t check on me again tonight.  There was no need when I’m on Dr. Stein’s heavier medication.  Dr. Stein.  I shivered.  I wasn’t planning on thinking about any of that again.
	A tap at the window shot my heart to my throat. Roaden?  I leapt up and took a deep breath before opening the curtain.
	Bryan!  I was too stunned to move and then I remember how incredibly pissed off I was at him.
	I stunned him too.  I probably looked better then he thought I would having been out of school so long. 
	I cracked the window open.  “What are you doing here?”
	“Sera,” he sounded hurt.  His eyes were dark and hair windblown.  He probably had to sneak through the back way alley behind the house.  “I’ve been trying to call you.  You weren’t answering your phone.”
	I stepped aside and held the curtain back as he fumbled to get in.  He was nervous and kept looking at the door.  His realization as he saw the door shut and the tie around the knobs, then his eyes came back to me, hair straightened, and I was clearly not going to bed.  Since I wasn’t expecting him that meant I was expecting someone else.  
He had no idea.
	“My phone is broken,” I tell him coldly.  
	“I freaked out when I found out you had a panic attack,” he stood awkwardly in my room.  
	“I’m feeling much better,” I tell him, not going to offer more.  Though, I feel tempted to ask about Calista.  If Bryan was still my Bryan I would.  I wonder if Calista has been skipping school.
“I’m so relieved,” he sighs as he speaks and leans in closer.  The cool air was running off him and gives me a chill.  I step further away.  I didn’t want to invite him to sit down and have a chat.  I wanted him to be uncomfortable.  
“Why are you here?” I ask trying to sound as cold as possible.
“A lot of crazy stuff happened all at once the day you got sick.  Rune is now missing.  That’s been all over the school.  People say he had something to do with the dead frogs coming back to life in the hallway.”
“What?” I did remember hearing something right before I blacked out about the frogs.
“The science teacher, Mrs. Carr says Rune used electric current to get them
to appear they were jumping around but no one has seen evidence of that.    He’s gone.  I went by his house and it’s empty.  No furniture, no nothing.”
	 “Are they saying I had something to do with it?  We both disappear around the same time?” I roll my eyes.  Was he trying to be funny?  “Why are you here?”
	“Sera,” Bryan shook his head and I had to keep myself from reaching out to him.  It was old habit to touch his arm or stroke his face, especially when he was in pain like he clearly was now.  “I was so worried something like that happened to you.  I know the rumors.  I didn’t really listen to them until you.  If anything happened . . .”
	“It should have been you,” I whispered.  My voice was filled with my initial hurt and I didn’t even realize it was so close to the surface.  But here he was acting like he cared, like he had before and all the while, all that time . . . “Jasmine cleared some things up for me.  You have a lot of nerve coming here.”
	“Jasmine isn’t what you think, this isn’t what you think,” he started pacing, in the small amount of room I allowed him in.  His voice was so low I almost missed it.  “This had all gotten out of hand.”
	“What?” I felt ice prickle through me.  What was he talking about?  “Bryan what has gotten out of hand?”
	Bryan grabbed me and I gasped.  His eyes were wild and I struggled as his hands dug into my arms.  Bryan had never touched me like this before. 
	“Please don’t give up on me, ok?  Please,” he whispered.
	“I didn’t do anything,” I tried to sound calm and his grip lessoned.  “You walked away.  You did that.”
	“Just give me some time?”
	“You want me to wait for you?  Why?  Trying different flavors right now?  Are you serious?  I don’t have time Bryan.  I’m the dying girl remember.  The cursed girl.  The girl who’s name they’ll hang over the new theater or art gallery with ‘In Memory of’ and you know that,” I spat at him, I was burning with anger.  My words came fast and I was out of breath.  Bryan stared at me.  He knew he’d crossed a line.  After all, I was the healthiest sick person he’d know, until this moment.  I struggled for air.  “You need to go.”
	“Sera,” Bryan stepped forward by Devon hissed as he sat on the window, making both of us jump.  “Damn cat.” Bryan muttered.
 	“I’m sorry,” he started for the window and Devon jumped down, intertwining around my legs, his tail looping around my knee.  “I really am.  I’ll make this up to you. You’ll see.”
	His promise sat on the frost tip of cool air filling my room leaving a bigger hole in my chest than ever before.  
I picked up Devon and crushed him to me as we sat on the floor.  The cold fur was soft and assuring.  Devon never disappointed me.  He liked Bryan until that moment.  Smart cat. 
I had thought confronting Bryan would make me feel better.  It didn’t.  He wasn’t acting like himself at all.  I wondered if he was in trouble.  The desperation in his eyes was borderline crazy and then grabbing me?  It was like he was willing me to read his mind.  The asking me to hold on and he’d make it up to me?  What was happening?  Rune was now missing?  I remembered the smell of formaldehyde and knew Mrs. Carr was lying.   I wasn’t going to be naïve anymore.  Like I told Bryan and was realizing now, I didn’t have a lot of time left.
Adrenaline kicks up and my heart flutters madly in my chest.   I can smell burnt wood and musk.  I know.
“Roaden,” I breathed out.







Chapter Twenty-Four

	I see him pacing in the alley.  He is focused on the house.   Bryan.
	I wait on the roof of a small shed and cover in shadow, concealed from all light.  Bryan is a man with a burden.  I remember Marjorie wandering in the darkness of her death, over and over, her torment splayed out and affecting her family still.  If she knew how her presence stagnated the ones she loved she’d be devastated, until her time ran out and she forgot.
	It must be nice, sometimes, to just forget and disappear for a while.  I had debate whether or not I should go to Fatim when this is done.  Lorel’s letter made that impossible.  She was on the move now.  She wasn’t just hiding anymore.
	I had to find Payce.  There was no word from him or the others in Canada.

	The irony of the moment doesn’t evade me.  Two men in the dark, their heads filled to the brim with Seraphin in the eyes.  I loathed Bryan and all the time he’d spent being allowed to touch her.  All the time she spent wanting him. I seeth
inside and fight to control my anger as the beast within lunges at his cage.
	Bryan gathers enough of his gumption and takes off across the yard to Sera’s window.  .  but he is moving towards what is mine.  He is a cherished part of her heart and for that I feel a growing need to follow him.  I watch him weaving around almost humorously
 A football player cannot be stealthy. 
I feel my darkness growling in the corner as her window is opened to him.  I should not pry . . . but I was commanded to come back.  Commanded to see her before I began my investigation. 
I fold into darkness.  I meld into shadow and move in it with ease unnoticed.  I breathed out and am now within earshot.  I brace against the cold and still all sound inside my mind.  Even the beast is straining to hear.  Licking its lips and flashing white teeth as the words of conversation fall.
Sera is the dying girl.  Her words spike at the realization as she speaks to Bryan.  They rise up inside and pinch my heart.  I feel compelled to speak to her, to console.  I inch back further into darkness.  I should not be listening.  I can feel the torment in her voice and the desperation in Bryan.
Bryan what are you up to?  I wonder about the living.  I only hear from them once their story is done.  Sera and Bryan’s story is done.  As far as I’m concerned and Sera seems to feel the same, to my relief.
The cat rubs against my coat.  I touch him and the glow of his eyes in the dark greets me.  He jerks and lunges for Sera’s window.  I notice the grass then.  It’s caught in spring when it should be in winter’s dormant sleep.  I feel the ground, it is frozen but the blades of green are soft and pliable.  Interesting.   Payce knew this.  I felt a slight rise of anger building and I nestled it down.
I rise up and lean in closer to the conversation.  I grit my teeth and balance against my rational thought as her voice lowers.
Devon?
Bryan leaves and behind him is a heavy mood in the air.  He is chaotic and something else I can’t put my finger on.  Deter would be better at this.  No one can lie to Deter.  It is his gift.  The truth comes out.  I know.  I’ve given him plenty.
I go to the window and hear my name.  Her voice startles me . . . as does her appearance.
“Roaden?”  She pulls the curtain and steps aside for me to enter.  I spot a dark spot in the bathroom behind her and emerge in shadow, I come through the bathroom door and she blinks at me, curtain still raised.
“Sorry,” I apologize.  “It’s habit for me to travel in the dark.  Faster.”
“Right,” she sounds a thousand miles away.  The curtain falls into place. I wonder if she is still with Bryan even though he is no longer here.  “So, you heard the conversation?”
“Yes,” I admit and feel a deeper heaviness building up in me.  “I’m sorry.”
“He’s so confusing,” she goes to her bed and sits next to the cat.  “Maybe he’s on drugs?”
“Maybe,” I have no idea but if it consoles then I’m not going to object to her.  Her face is as pale as I remember but her lips are a bluish tint.  Poor circulation of a heart that can’t keep up with the demands of the body.
“So,” she smirks, the tide of her mood changes and I fall right into her smile. “What do you think of the frogs?”
I smile.  “Sounds like Rune either did bring them back to life or he was used as a scape goat to protect the person who really did.”
“A necromancer?”  Sera breathed out her disbelief.  I had to be careful.
“Yes,” I concede.
“He hung out with this college kid named Grater.  Grater was rumored to be into all the raising the dead kind of thing.  Calista said there’s this sort of underground cult on the other side of the community.”  She shook her head.  “I don’t know.  Bryan goes but never told me anything.  I don’t know if it’s true.  Necromancers in Drear?  The community is closed.  There’s a special waiting list to get in.  They check for that.”
“Sera,” I met her deep blue eyes.  “When I crossed into Drear, I looked across the community.  I’m able to see necromancers.  They share a light that illumes and reflects Hades.  It’s a distant relation that has traveled through generations for hundreds even thousands of years.  I can spot them instantly.”
“So you know where the necromancer is?  Was it Rune and Grater?  Why would they summon a zombie to attack me?  Why would Calista be part of that?” She became exasperated and stopped speaking, placing a delicate hand over her chest and taking a deep breath.
I grabbed the small chair next to her mirror and sat it in front of her.  I had to tell her.  She had to know.
“I didn’t see a necromancer,” I start, wiling her to steady herself as my words come out.  “I see a town of necromancers.”
“What?” her jaw dropped.  “What?”
“You community is filled with necromancers,” I repeat.  “I thought Drear was a pure community but now I realize they’re a safe haven for those in denial.”
“No,” Sera stepped off the bed and held herself as she stood by her dresser.  “People who come are on a waiting list because they are sick.  They go through a rigorous background check before they’re allowed to enter.  My dad is a healer.”
“Some people believe being a necromancer is an illness.” I tell her.  Her shoulders are tight and the hair running down her back is soft and so close, I touch it without thinking.  The silk in my fingers, against my skin doesn’t seem real.  I can smell her aroma and I want to remember it forever.   
Sera inhales and freezes.  I realize my actions but it’s too late.
“Sera,” I whisper as a headache starts to build.  She turns to face me, her silence a mixture of confusion and something darker.  I wonder if I truly crossed a line now.  She has the power to send me away, permanently.  I will never find who summoned the zombie and I will never be able to free the children haunting the basement of the hospital.  And I will never be this close to Sera again.
The monster rages and throws itself against the cage.  The gold chain snakes tightly around my wrist, cutting into the skin, digging for the bone.   It jerks me away from her but my need is stronger.  I’m losing.  “Sera, command me to stay away from you!”
“What?” she reaches from me, her small hand on my elbow.
“Please,” I feel the anger swelling inside my chest.  It would be so easy to take her away.  To take her home and keep her forever.  She could learn to love me.  I would do anything for that for the rest of my existence.
“Roaden,” her voice was paled and I dared to look at her.  “I’m so sorry.”
“What?” I barely manage through clinched teeth.  Her apology stuns me and the madness inside.  
“Is it the smell?”  She asks her voice small sounding.
“The smell?”
“The pomegranate?  Stella, our maid, put a new air freshener in the bathroom because it’s my favorite. I didn’t’ think it might be causing you problems.”
“The air freshener?” This girl was going to kill me and I’m technically not alive.
“I know the story of your mom and how she got trapped for 6 months.  I don’t want to offend you.  Is that why you think you need to wear the gold chain?  Is that the reason I bother you?” her ramblings bring out a coating of tenderness that sooths my rage.  This girl is a whirlwind of chaos and then calm I had never experienced.
“It isn’t the problem,” I tell her and try to straighten up.  
Sera flutters about, opening the windows and letting a cold wind blow through her octagon room.  I stop her by grabbing her wrist as she goes by.  I shut the window.  She cannot be exposed to temperature like this, not in this state.
“I need you to command me to stay above ground for a few hours,” I tell her.  I decide to not frighten her with the reality of what I was fighting.  “I’m limited above ground.”
“Right,” she shook her head. “I remember.  I command you to stay above ground for as long as . . .”
I place my fingers to her lips to stop the ending.  To stay forever would be torture.  Her eyes were not afraid and the heat passing between parted lips isolated me.  Everything in my mind stood still.  All my worries.  All my burdens were far away and I was free as I stood in our moment.  I wanted it to be our moment.  I wanted her to be here with me as much as I was with her.
“Just a few hours,” I request.
“A few hours,” she repeats without hesitation.  She sighs and speaks words I never thought a woman would ever say to me, the son of Hades.  “I trust you Roaden.”
I sink down in the chair and rub my head.  That was too close.  I look at her.  She is still and calm.  Her eyes were dissecting me but not cruelly or with morbid curiosity.  She was looking for clues about me.  She was looking for me.
“Why?” I ask her.
“Because I do,” she shrugs.  “I don’t have any reason to not.  You could have given me the bracelet and told me some story just to get it on me.  Then command me to do whatever you wanted but you didn’t.”
“I’m as honest as I can be with you,” I tell her.  If she asked for more I’d give it to her though I’m not sure it would be for the best thing.
“I can accept that,” she decides.  I am relieved.  “I know this is out of place for me to ask and if by asking and you don’t have to say anything.”
“What is it?” I couldn’t imagine a question I wouldn’t answer her, and then she asked.
“Why does Payce have a bracelet too?  Is it the same as yours or different?”  She watches me closely. 
“You saw Payce’s chain?”  I didn’t know what to think of her.  She was enchanted.  A mesmerizing combination of impossibilities blooming before my eyes.   Sera was full of surprises.   I debated on my answer.
“I understand it’s none of my business, I was just curious,” she looked down and folded her arms.
“No, it’s good to know what you’re thinking,” I took a deep breath.  “I can’t tell you.  I can only say that it is important Payce not find out about our arrangement.  He can’t know we’re communicating beyond my investigation of the zombie.  Deter is the only one you can talk to without issue.  He’s the only one I trust with you.”
“Ok,” Sera’s eyes lifted to mine and I stopped breathing. “It isn’t really a lie then, with Payce I mean.  That we’re only working on the zombie.  I mean, that is the truth.”
“Yes,” I responded from the hole I felt I’d just been cast into.  She didn’t react to my reply and I couldn’t tell if she was relieved or not.  I needed to go.
“I will speak to your friend Calista,” I decide as a paralyzing heaviness begins to build within me.
“Is she a necromancer?” Sera asks her voice somewhat deflated and I wonder if I’ve said something wrong.  
I shake my head and eye Devon who’s stretched across her bed.  The anomaly I thought I’d solve at my leisure was now a lot closer. “Only men are necromancers.  Women don’t have the ability.”
“I want to go with you,” she reaches for her coat.
“I would rather you didn’t,” I watch as she slips it on and starts to zip it up.  “It’s a personal matter.”
“Killing someone is very personal,” Sera agrees with a sigh.  “I’m taking it quit personally to be honest with you.  It’s a lot of nerve when you think about it.  I have a short life span anyway and someone wanted to cut it even shorter.”
Her humor is such an oddity.  No one in The Fold speaks to me from fear and when they do they address me as Master and Sir.  They do not smile, do not stand close to me and they do not joke.  Only Payce jokes.
“I won’t get in the way,” Sera insist.  She looks so innocent as she tries to guess my thoughts.
“I know,” I try to find a way to explain it.  Explaining my actions isn’t something I have to do often either.  “The reason the zombie was called up and used to attack you has to do with a very strong vendetta.  The reason will be personal.  I need to give the person a chance to tell me what happened if I’m to help them.”
“How would you help Calista?” she frowns.
“If she was helping someone she may not have realized the full extent of what they were planning to do.  She may not have thought they were going to kill you, maybe just scare you.”
“Then what?  Anything?  I mean, I don’t want her to get hurt but what happens so it doesn’t happen again?  Where does that leave me with the future I have left?”
“Sera,” I breathed out as my heart shook.  “You’ve made everything so complicated for me.  I’m afraid I’ll have to ask for patience.  I’m not formally trained in dealing with living people.  I can only say I will do my best to do the right thing.”
“I’m not sure what the right thing is,” she whispered her disappointment evident in her tone.  
 “If Calista is in trouble I may be able to help her,” I tell her.  “If she’s made a mistake I can help her.”
“Why are you so inclined to help someone that tried to kill someone else?” Sera asked her anger rising and flushing her cheeks.
“Necromancers work underground if they don’t work with The Fold.  To raise a body and fill it with intent requires great sacrifice.  People who ask a necromancer to raise a body with the intent for killing have usually relinquished rights to their own existence.  Life is precious Seraphin, you understand that.  For someone to think so little of their own that they’d sacrifice it in anger?  I have to try and save them from that.”
“What do you mean by relinquish?” Sera watched me carefully.  I keep forgetting how sheltered she was in Drear.  
	“To raise a being and fill them with intent crosses a dangerous line.  It’s risky and tarnishes the necromancer’s soul.  Every time they raise a person with the intention of attacking a living person, they are losing themselves.  After so long, they are as degraded on the outside as they are inside,” I shake my head.  “When a person asks a necromancer to raise a body for that purpose, they are usually asked to sacrifice themselves in the place of the necromancer.”
“I can’t imagine someone hating me so much that they’d give up that much to just to see me suffer,” Sera mumbled her voice cracked slightly.  I was too harsh but it was the truth.  
“I’m sorry,” I try to sound soothing.  I make a fist with my hands to keep myself from wrapping myself around her as a shield.  
“If she doesn’t co-operate?” Sera challenges, a defiant brow rose.  “I used to think Calista was just a rebel with a chip on her shoulder.  I didn’t realize there was a potential killer in there.  She got to know me again, acted like a friend.   All that time, it didn’t really matter.  All I’ve gained from our ‘friendship’ is the knowledge that she’s very stubborn.”
I smirk.   Stubborn old men shake and lose all control when in my presence.  An angry teenage girl wouldn’t be difficult.  “I am very persuasive.  My appearance alone is usually enough to get anyone to burst in confessions to avoid what they think is coming next.”
“Really?”
“You see me as a human,”
“A glowing human,” she corrects quickly.
“Yes,” I breathe out.  “But the world sees my true intent.  They see me as death.  They see a skull and no eyes.  They see the end.”
“You’re going to scare her,” Sera frowns and shakes her head.  She walks to the dresser and leans on it.  “You won’t hurt her?  And you’ll tell me what happens?”
“I will not hurt her and I will tell you what I’m able.” I assure.
“I can command you to tell me the whole truth,” she decides, her voice low and even a spark in her eye.
“Yes, but you won’t,” I step up to her.  Her gaze is compelling and I touch her cheek.  Skin against skin.  Her warmth is my warmth.  “Because you are a good person and you know the truth is sometimes complicated.  You know that sometimes just telling someone the truth will never scratch the surface of what it really means.  Like your illness.  No one can grasp what it is you live with, they are visitors that only visit the idea of it, are only really reminded of it when they see you.  But they do not know.”
Sera’s eyes tear up and she pulls away from me.  
“I’m sorry,” I curse myself.
“No, you’re right,” she whispers and looks away from me.  Now she is a thousand miles away and alone.
“I can’t understand dying, but I do understand the burden and the isolation.” I explain trying to pull her back into me again.  
“I’m ok,” Sera shrugs but she is not ok.  “I just suddenly got worse and I can’t deny the inevitable.”
It tears right through me.  I feel my words flood to my throat but I bite them down and force them to be silent.  I have to wait.  I have to find out the pieces before I can truly see the picture.  
“Roaden? Do you know why I can see you?”
“I’m still working on that theory,” I say it but I haven’t tried to think about it too much.  
“What’s your theory so far?” She asked and having the light back in her voice drew me right into the fire.
“I’m afraid to say,” I admit.
“Does it mean we’re meant to be together?”
“That is the appearance,” I clinched my jaw.  “Of a cruel joke.”
“I don’t understand.” 
“I don’t either,” I sighed.  “I just can’t trust it.  It can’t be real.  Not for me.”
“What about me?” She lifted her head up again.  I didn’t know defiance could be so pleasant to witness. “My feelings would be unreal too?”
“I, don’t have an answer,” I stared at her and forbid myself to fall even as I was.  Inches from her face I knew  . . . I knew better.  A fever broke through me and a roar echoed in my head.  “I just know this can’t be anything more than a test of some sort.”
“Well,” she sounded slightly annoyed.  “Then I hope you pass.”
“Me too,” I smiled at her but this conversation was soured by me, again.
“I need to find Calista,” I decide to get to work.
“Not to hurt her just question her,” she asks.
“Yes,” I bow my head slightly.  I’m asking a lot from her and I know.  
“I can tell you how to get to her house,” she offers.  I allow her to give me directions even though I don’t need them.  
We stare at each other as I move to the window.  Sera I so small and fragile.  I’m beginning to realize investigating her health is more a top priority to my heart.
“I used to know her,” Sera begins slowly.  I realize I was staring without saying anything.  I must be as careless at that football player when he tried to sneak across the yard.  The one she loved.  It makes my heart harden at the thought.  “Calista was the daughter of one of our maids.  We were friends when we were little.  I was going through chemo and mom had a wig made for me that looked like Hanna Montana.  Calista and I used to dress up and sing her songs, when I was well enough for visitors.”
“What happened?”
“I don’t know,” she took her coat off and sunk onto a small couch.  “They just left.  She came back over this summer and lives with her foster mom.  I have no idea what happened to her or her mom.  We haven’t talked about it.   She’s hardened a lot.”
“Is there anything else I should know?”
“Well,” Sera looked down.  “When I was attacked by the zombie, I thought I heard it speak.”
“What?”  This was unexpected.  “What did it say?”
“Because of you this is me.”







Chapter Twenty-Five

	The evening was not what I planned. I wanted to go with Roaden but after seeing how quickly he moves in the dark, I would slow him down, even put him in danger of getting caught.
	Then there was the thought of seeing Calista again.  I wasn’t sure I was ready for that.  Part of me felt like walking away from her completely.  If life is so short why waste my time on people who don’t care, or are involved in trying to make it even shorter?
	The other part of me, the part I wished didn’t’ exist, said I was taking the easy way out.  That I was a coward and allowing someone else to speak up for me.  
	I shut the window and left a crack in the curtain.  White silver beamed across the floor as the full moon sat like ice in the sky.
	What was I doing?  Letting my heart jump ahead of me?  I’m the girl who is dying.  I’m the girl that if I want something I need to take it.
I’m not that aggressive.  I bit my lip and took my jeans and shirt off, slipping into more comfortable pajamas, thick and not form fitting at all.  I untied the ties I used to keep my doors shut and peaked out into a dark hall.  I was somewhat surprised on one was nearby. 
	I shut the door and counted to ten.  I needed to calm down.  I felt myself sinking.  Why did Roaden affect me so much?  Why was I so drawn to him?
	His isolation was something I could relate to.  The loneliness of being surrounded by people but none of them look at you.  Not really.  And they don’t want to know you; they just want to know about your world and what you can do for them.
	Calista didn’t care.  She never did.  It made her more valuable to me.  Someone who would tell me to ‘suck it up’ and ‘confront him’.  I hoped she didn’t have anything to do with the zombie.
	I went to my purse and pulled out Deter’s business card.  I tip toed to the kitchen and listened to my silent house.  No one was up.  
	I picked up the phone and dialed Deter’s number.  I listened to it ring and with each tone I felt worse about calling.
	“Deter speaking,” the German accent sounded harsh and official.  I was wasting his time.  I wavered.  I should just hang up.  It wasn’t like he could come in and confront me even if he found out it was me.  
	“Miss Drear?” 
	I couldn’t breathe.  He didn’t sound mad.  “Yes, I’m sorry Deter. I . . .  I don’t know why I’m calling you.”
	“It’s because of Master Roaden,” Deter states this, like he’s informing me of my own mind.  He’s right.  “I trust he is still working on your case?”
	“Yes,” I peak through the kitchen door and look down the hall to the main entrance.  “He’s not here right now.  I just didn’t know who to talk to.  Roaden is  . . .  complicated.”
	“Yes, he certainly is,” Deter agreed.  “How can I assist you?”
	“He trusts you,”
	“Yes, and I trust him,” Deter advised.  “So can you.”
	“I know that I just don’t know why I know that,” I sounded stupid.  Why was I, having a conversation about a guy I like with a man in his seventies?  Because I have no friends that’s why.  And because Roaden isn’t just any guy.  
	“I would like to talk to you directly, if possible.” Deter offered.  “I would like to show you something.”
	“Ok,” my heart speeds up.  What could it be?  “I can meet at night, outside the wall.  Ten?  Might have to be later, I don’t know when I can get away.”
	“I will make myself available at ten and wait until midnight.  If you aren’t able to make it I will leave and wait for you to contact me to make new arrangements.” Deter sounded confident and easy going, not something I expected from his voice or his appearance.
“Ok, tomorrow,” I whispered and heard the click of the front door echo in the foyer.  I hang up the phone and watch as the light comes on under the door to the kitchen.  There were two ways out of the kitchen I just needed to know which way to run and hope dad didn’t decided to check on me before he went upstairs to bed.
“What’s the occasion?” my mother’s voice calls out.  I sigh, it’s dad.  I hadn’t seen him since school.  Since I let him down.  The guilt of what I was doing now started to grow inside my chest and my heart began to ache.
“Nice to see you as well,” dad’s voice is solid and unemotional.  It didn’t sound right.  “I’m surprised you aren’t sleeping.  I know you’ve been busy getting the house ready for your yearly celebration.”
“This isn’t about the party,” mom growled.  “I don’t care what you’re doing but if one word is muttered at the party and Sera catches wind of it, life as you know it Dr. Drear, is over.  Mark my word.”
“I do dear,” dad replied calmly.  “Don’t worry; I’m positive your guest list only includes the upper crust of our society.  I don’t think you’ll need to worry about any run-ins let alone rumors.”
I heard the stairs creek as dad climbed them.  Mom followed her footsteps softer and more frantic sounding.  The light switched off and the hall was dark again.  The spark of the conversation left my mind feeling raw and empty.  I had no idea my parents were so unhappy.  Were they wanting to divorce but didn’t want to upset me?
I crept down the hall and climbed into bed.  I wondered if this was something I was just too naïve to see before.  Dad was never home, always working.  Mom making little comments about his devotion to me and my health and the sacrifices, I didn’t think that she’d been feeling cut out.
I closed my eyes and did my best to not sink in the dark I kept finding myself being thrown into.  The wimpy part of me was wishing I had held onto my naïveté for some things.
	
********************************************

The weight on my chest was caving in on me, taking my breath with it.  Keeping secrets had never been such a burden before.  Sera thought she was dying and she was, but she shouldn’t be.
I floated in the cold and let it soak into me.  I needed to clear my mind and prepare to appear before Calista.
I spotted the house and dropped to the roof.  As a shadow and slid down the side of the house, and dwelled in the grass.  The house was filled with two living people, one young and one old.  The younger was closer to the back.  I emerged under the window and listened.
I assumed it was Calista’s voice, harsh and angry.  I melted myself back into shadow and listened under the darkest spot in her room, under her bed.
“I’m out.  I told you this was stupid!”  She was pacing, her white socked feet kicking clothes as she went by.  “It didn’t work.  Mom, please.”
Her mother was still alive why was she in foster care?  I would need to locate her mother who must still be on the outside.
“This is crazy,” Calista sank to the floor, her breathing indicating was crying.  “I tried but it didn’t work.  Please,”
She dropped her phone to the floor and sat with soft sniffs.  I debated my options.  If I appeared in her room she’d most certainly scream if she didn’t just pass out, that would bring the other person I the house to check on her and I could have two hysterical woman.
This was easier with Deter to intervene in questioning.
I slipped back outside and tapped the window.  I stepped back and made sure my face was covered completely.
“Who’s there?” Calista growled.  “Who are you?”
“I’m here to talk to you about the zombie,” I tell her.
Calista slams the window shut and pulls the curtains.  Without hesitation I emerged under her bed and slide out, grabbing her by the ankle as she turns to run.  She falls on her face.  I reach over and pull her up, covering her mouth to prevent her from screaming.  Her whole body shakes against me.
“I’m not here to hurt you,” I whisper.  “I just need to know what happened.”
Calista calms but I don’t trust her enough to remove my hand.  I have an idea.  I fold her into me, absorbing her into the darkness and swallowing her whole.  I travel to the woods where she was supposed to be waiting for Sera and land us there.   I release her and she backs away, her sock feet stumbling over branches, eyes wide and looking for cover.
“What the hell!” she screams.  She can scream all she wants here.  “This is kidnapping!”
Her face turns to mine and she freezes.  As she is of life her reaction is to reject me as I am death.  She doesn’t need to see me to know what I am.
“What the hell,” she whispers and pleas.  “It wasn’t my idea.  Please don’t hurt me!  I’ll do whatever you want.  Just don’t kill me!”
“What was the idea?” I ask calmly.
	“I can’t,” she turns away and cradles herself.  “I can’t.  She’ll kill me.”	“Then I will protect you,” I tell her. 
“You can’t,” she whispers and the tears refresh in her eyes. “It’s not over.”
“What isn’t over?  Calista, I need you to talk to me,” I try to stay calm but the thought that a threat is still hovering over Sera, who is currently alone, unhinges me.
“They killed my sister.” Calista looks up at me then, her eyes a water pool their depths unknown as her secret emerges.  “Dr. Drear, that’s what my mom says.”
“How?” I inch forward.
“I don’t know, but he was supposed to cure her,” Calista shakes her dark head.  “Mom says Dr. Drear had no intention of fixing her.  She died on the table during an operation.  We weren’t even allowed to see her.  We were sent out of Drear, our things sent with us.  We couldn’t see the body until they were about to bury her.  See what he did to her.”
“What was Dr. Drear trying to cure?” I felt the door opening to a closed off vault I’d been patrolling for years.
“It was a long time ago.  It was all for that stupid cat,” Calista folded up on herself, the cold streaming from her lips and tears mixed with makeup on her face.  The tough girl was melting and the truth was rising up.  “We were in the woods and Seraphin snuck out with us.  We were having a funeral for Sera’s stupid cat.”
Devon?  I felt a reality unfold neatly in my mind.  Devon and his unique aura.  He wasn’t a zombie though; he was very much alive but with no time limit on his life line.
“Sera placed flowers on his grave and we said a prayer,” Calista’s voice was calmer and she looked up at me briefly shaking her head.  “The cat rose up, came back to life.”
“Are you sure it was dead?” I ask though I know the answer.
“We thought so, but when he came back we ran to the house and decided to never tell what we saw.  We didn’t want Sera to get in trouble being out when her cell count was bad.  She was having chemo.”
“How did they find out about that cat?”
“Dr. Drear found him after all the whispering around the house.  A bunch of household staff talking caused alarm,” Calista rubbed her nose with her sleeve.  “I found out later he had put the cat down because Mrs. Drear hated that cat.  They were going to tell Sera is ran away but Dr. Drear thought it would be a good way to show Sera how peaceful death can be if she was allowed to see him.  Stella was supposed to find him and think its natural causes or whatever.  They would tell Sera that anyway.  But we found him first.  Sera knew they didn’t bury the dead in Drear.  She didn’t want him to be taken from his home.  We decided to bury him in the wooded area behind her house.”
Fascinating.
“Dr. Drear confronted us,” Calista closed her eyes.  “I lied but Amelia didn’t.  I guess he thought she did something to make it come back.  Maybe she did.  He was supposed to cure her of that.”
I remembered hearing about Rune.  Another causality of Dr. Drear?  Women do not raise the dead.  What was Amelia’s true affliction?
“Who raised the zombie?”
“I never met him.  Mom found him,” Calista was shaking; her shoulders hunched over slightly and tears fell from her eyes.  “All I had to do was get Sera to an outside area.  I thought it would be impossible, you know.  This is goddamn Drear for crying out loud.  They gave me a pendant that would help motivate her I just had to stimulate her imagination.  It was fate, karma hanging out together and laying the path out in front of me.  Bryan was a cheating asshole and Sera wanted to confront him.  It’s better to sneak through the back road that runs along Drear just on the other side then cut through town.  It was like it was meant to happen.”
“Pendant?” I echoed.
“Sera isn’t an aggressive kind of person.  She does the right thing, follows the rules.  She’s a good girl.  They thought she’d need motivation because she’d be spoiled and over confident.” She shakes her head at me.  “I didn’t want to do it.  I didn’t want them raising Amelia.  When Sera told me it was girl that attacked her I hated myself.  I hated that I helped them bring her back.”
“You are a child doing as your parent tells you,” I tell her.  It’s clear how much of burden she’s under.  I felt sympathy.
“What kind of a big sister did that make me?”  Calista looked at me, her anger making her brave.  “What if she knew in some way what was happening to her?  What if something was left in her and she was afraid and alone?”
“No,” I bend down next to her, careful not to touch her.  “I can assure you, your sister was not there.  It was her body, a physical form but her love and life were no longer present.”
“I want to believe that,” Calista whispered.  I noticed she was no longer shaking, the cold was setting in.  I watched her for a moment.  I couldn’t make her believe but I might be able to help her feel redemption.  However small.  Her life should be long and if she doesn’t right this she’ll never move past it.  I know.
“What are you going to do with me?” she asked fire in her eyes even through the shivering cold, her white socks gray from mud and snow.
“What would you have me do?” I turned it on her.
“I don’t really care,” she huffed.  “I would kill for a cigarette right now.”
“Calista, why did you become friends with Sera?  With an enchantment you didn’t need to get close to her.” I asked.
“I didn’t mean to,” Calista rolled her eyes and rubbed her nose with the back of her hand.  “I wasn’t the friendliest person.  She recognized me though.  She came to me and didn’t let go.  She just sort of rolled with my punches.  Stupid.”
“She is protective of you,” I point out and quickly add, “I’ve been a silent witness for a time as I investigated the zombie.”
“Of course she is,” Calista shivered almost violently.  “She doesn’t have anyone else.  Even that stupid jock of a boyfriend dumped her.  I was all she had.  It didn’t matter if I treated her like crap.  I was better than being alone.”
“Interesting,” I take pity on her even as her words are weapons against my Sera’s intentions.  “Why were you so cruel?”
“What?” Calista’s lower jaw was shivering so severely her words were becoming hard to understand.  “I thought . . . I thought she’d be some royal spoiled bitch.  I thought she’d be the untouchable princess of the school.  I don’t know.  I kept watching for her true self to come out.  I mean come on, your family’s name is on the founders’ stone that sits at the foot of the fountain at the main entrance.  Even the teachers bend in her favor.  She’s so dense.  So naïve.  She doesn’t see it even when you stick her nose in it.”
“That was the problem,” I understood now.  “Calista?”
“What?” she shot back.
“I will take you back to your room to warm up if you will continue this conversation with me,” I watched her eyes light up slightly.  “But, if you call attention to us there will be consequences.  Understand?”
“There isn’t anything left for me to say.” Calista sniffed.  “I’m done.  Worse than ever. No mom and soon no stupid foster home.  Probably some girls home now.  Once they find out, what else is there?  A Dr. Drear fate?”
“Not for you,” I stand up.  “I said I would protect you.  I’m going to give you an opportunity to redeem yourself.  Would you be interested?”
“Yes, yes, how?” she rose up from her crouched position, her knees buckling slightly from being so cold.  “Please, I’m really cold!”
I held out my gloved hand and she took it.







Chapter Twenty-Six

	I had agreed to meet with Deter.  I wasn’t sure how I felt about seeing Deter without Roaden knowing about it but Deter was the one he trusted most of all and Deter didn’t want Roaden to know.   I was just the new girl with a fascination for the god of death.  I really wasn’t sure what that made me.  Dr. Stein would analyze this and say I was probably embracing my end and accepting it.
Did Dr. Stein know my parents were arguing so much?  Did he know the problems head?
I looked at the clock.  2 AM.  I’d been tossing and turning for hours.  Devon was nestled in the corner, not immediately in sight should someone walk in.  I think he was realizing he wasn’t wanted by anyone but me.
I took a pill.  I knew it was a bad idea.  I probably wouldn’t wake up until evening but I really needed to get to sleep.
I started dreaming.  Standing in a field watching Calista and Roaden speak to each other.  I started walking towards them and tripped on a branch.  I got up and brushed off only to find them gone.
My heart thumped wildly, felt like it was breaking into pieces with each beat.  What if Roaden found out what he needed from Calista and was gone forever?  What if I would never see him again?
I looked around and started crying.  Why did everyone leave me?  I’m still here and I’m alone.  It wasn’t fair.
Roaden emerged from the dark and whispered my name.  I looked up at him, eyes pure blue sky lit light of the heavens.  His mouth was perfect and I kissed him, at last.  He was cool to my warm skin and I pressed harder to open him up to me.  He was still as stone, rigid and upright.  I wrapped my tired arms around his neck, the foreign feel of his cool body, so different from Bryan and pulled myself closer.  His mouth parted, soft heat of his breath ignited me and I submerged myself into the moment.  He would never leave again.  I would never let him.
I tangled my fingers in his hair, so soft and felt the abrasive stubble from his face scorch my skin.  I didn’t care.  He hesitated; not pulling away but not pressing forwards either.  Frustrated I pulled back and swam in his hungry eyes.
“Roaden, I can’t stop thinking about you,” I whisper and press my forehead to his.  “This is real.  Why don’t you feel the same way?”
“Sera,” his whisper was a strangled moan and our mouths met again in a fevered frenzy.  His arms encircled me completely and pulled me against his chest.  A deep pool of hunger growled in me and I couldn’t get close enough.  I felt a charge pulling us together.
“Do you feel it?” I whispered.
We breathed heavy and his mouth found mine again.  I wasn’t dreaming.  I kissed him harder, more determined to wake up fully from the dream I was having.  His body emerged into mine and his kiss became aggressive and hands tightened around me, pulling all the air from my breast.
“Sera,” he choked his voice a call from far away and slowly we re-emerged together, eyes locked.  “I can’t.”
“Why?” my voice was hoarse and my mind still dipped in and out of my dreams.  I really needed this to be real.
“Because,” his words fell out and drifted in and out of focus and I fought to stay here with him and not sink into the warmth of sleep.  “Because it isn’t possible for you to love me.”
I dropped my head to his shoulder and smelled the sharp chill of winter on him along with frost, clean and smooth.  I needed to say more but I didn’t have any more strength in me.

*******************************************

	I couldn’t imagine how soft kissing a flower petal was and how intense the thirst would be.  Sera was dreaming again, far from me.  I watched her for a long time as she slept.  Her reaction to me when I tried to wake her left my body humming.  I felt I would now be bonded to her forever in hopes of another kiss.
I had to leave.  I grabbed Devon and we slipped out into the night.  He jumped from my arms and stretched his back in the cold.
I returned to Hades and disrobed with every stop I took to my bed. I was too exhausted to dream which meant Sera would be safe from me, for now.
I looked up at the hole in my ceiling and saw the shadow of fish floating above, far above my house.  The slow moving dark shadows gently swayed and turned without recognizing one another.
I drifted into a deep sleep that I had to fight to get out of.  My cell was ringing, muffled in my coat but calling continuously.  I forced myself to roll on my side trying to pry my eyes open as sleep had a definite hold on me.  I finally fell onto the cold stone floor of my room and crawled to the heap that was my coat.  I found the phone and noted three missed calls.
Damn.
“Roaden,” I answered.
“Sir,” Garn’s voice was low and I could tell he was nervous.
“Yes,” I replied, my voice sounded as tired as I felt.
“I’m reporting our resent events,” Garn began his voice slightly unnerved.  This was the first time he’d called me.  Deter was probably the one who told him to call.  “We have two up risings. One in Oregon and one in New Jersey.”
“What type of uprising?” I stand up and steady myself as my head throbs.  
	“Approximately 13 in Oregon, ghouls again,” Garn shuffles the phone.  “We have over 30 in New Jersey, unsure of their origin.  We’re heading towards New Jersey now but we’re still a few hours.  No word from Payce and the group he was with.  I’m reporting to let you know we’ve split up.  I’ve sent five to Oregon and the rest are with me.”
Payce.  This was bad.  It had been a long time since he’d been gone without contact.
“I’ll check on them,” I decide.  “Garn, any sign of the golem?”
“He’s hidden from us at this time sir, we lost him after Nebraska.”
“Lost him?”
“Yes, sir,” Garn shifted on the phone.  “We are still aware he’s out here but if his master has deactivated him he may be resting and waiting for us.  We won’t know until we get close and he is summoned.  I’ve put everyone on high alert.”
“Good, very good,” I was liking Garn more.  “Keep me posted once you arrive in Jersey.”
“Understood,” Garn hangs up.
Payce, I hope you’re ok my friend.
I text Payce, hoping he’ll respond.  If he doesn’t I’ll have to look for him.  I wonder if I should have sent him with the Fold members.  I should have been more mindful.  I know they can protect themselves but I should be careful to have not put them in the position they might have to protect themselves from Payce.
Things are bad for him.  That’s what Deter had said.  I needed to resolve Sera’s issue so that she would be safe and then I would not stop until I’d freed Payce.
I stood up and walked off the rest of sleep from my body.  The cold of the stone against my bare feet slowly seeped under my skin and began to chill my bones.  I felt the numbing effects of the cold and slowly started to feel like myself again. 
My heart was the only thing I no longer recognized.  The constant beating full of warmth sped up with anticipation of her and fell apart just as easily at the thought of disappointing her.
The darkness in me stirred and from the corner of my eye I could see the beast within, eyes glowing among impossible darkness.  The slight hiss from the beast drew the chain around my wrist tighter, cutting into skin and drawing hot red to circle around.
If only she had not kissed me.
I turned in that moment. I knew I would stay forever but never be happy.  I couldn’t imagine what would happen if she fell in love with another.
Mine.  A low growl in the dark hissed in my ears.  Even a chain would not hold me back.
The thought of letting her go when this was done was almost impossible.  I was split into two and could almost feel the physical separation starting to tear me apart.  I knew now.  I could never let her go.  I just wasn’t sure what that meant?  How much of a monster was I capable of becoming?







Chapter Twenty-Seven

	We kissed; I could still feel the coolness of winter and the smell the stark naked autumn, trees exposed and leaves burning soaked in my clothes and in my hair.  I could feel his body thaw, from rigid and sharp to hot and hungry, meeting my own.  Or I thought it was real.  It had to be real.
I lay in bed and in a haze of sleep saw my mother come in to check on me once, maybe twice.  She was a rush of perfume and smell of powder as she brushed my cheek and frowned.
I’m ok.  That’s what I wanted to say but my mouth wouldn’t work.  The day changed and I only knew by the way the sun stretched the shadows across my room.  I had woken in a brief panic, where was Devon?  Did they do something to him?  But even as I struggled to lift my head and look at his corner in the room, I fell asleep again.
There were no dreams.  I was just an emotional ball, twist and turns of sorrow and anger.
“Up with you now,” Stella’s voice called to me.  I blinked as I realized she was forcing me to sit up.  I was heavy and warm.
“Need to eat something or you’ll never get moving, let alone sleep tonight.” She told me, positioning a pillow to prop my slouching back.
“What time is it?” I slurred.
“Almost four,” Stella straightened my blankets, flattening my lap and placing a tray on it.  “Something gentle for the stomach.  Toast and tea.  Take your time.”
I had to take my time.  My body was too heavy to move without effort.  I watched the steam from my tea rise up from the half full cup.  The twist and turn reminded me of the way Roaden moved in the dark as a shadow.
I started on the toast first.  I hated cold toast but I ate it anyway.  I didn’t realize the hunger I had until my empty stomach growled at the bits of crumbs I fed it.  I sipped the tea and noticed Stella looking down at my shirt and jeans.  I had not worn them yesterday as far as she knew and I could tell she was confused why they were there.
“Dr. Stein said I would be going back to school in a week or so.  I was trying on clothes mom bought a few weeks ago to see if they still fit.” I lied.
Stella shook her head and put them in my hamper.  I realized lying had suddenly become second nature for me.  I wondered if she could tell.
I sipped tea and started flexing my feet, trying to wake up my body.  I had a ‘double date’ tonight.  As in Deter and Roaden were coming tonight.
It wasn’t said, but I was certain Deter meant to meet without Roaden knowing.  I wondered what he wanted to show me.  Would he still want to meet when he found out about last night and our kiss?  I wasn’t even sure what Roaden would say to me now.  I had crossed a line and he’d refused me.  What did that mean now?
Stella came back and folded her arms as she looked at my empty plate and tea.  “I can make you more?”
“Yes, please,” I lift the tray and she takes over.  She starts to leave when I stop her.  “Stella?  Dr. Stein was scheduling and EKG.  Do you know when?”
“I do not, sorry,” she backs up out of the room and backed up to close the double doors.
I force my legs over the sides and slowly make my way to a shower.

**********************************************
	
	I feel the fleeting whisper of a fallen voice and recognize Marjorie’s sigh.  I dress and race to meet her just as she stumbles on to the road.
I slowly approach her and tip my hat with a bow.
“My name is Roaden.” I tell her.  She does remember me but not as quickly as she had before.  I feel my chest pain at the thought I might have thrown her into a relapse and it will take her even longer to recover.
“I’m lost,” her voice shakes and she looks around. “I think I might have hit my head or something.  I can’t remember.”
I offer her my arm and she slides right alongside of me.  “I am at your disposal.  How can I help?”
“Roaden,” she breathes out and I stop.  I look down into her relieved face and see the familiar light shining within.
“Marjorie?” I whisper back.  “You remember what happened?”
“Yes,” she smiles as the mud disappears from her face and the torn clothes mend themselves.  “I remember what happened.”
“There isn’t much time,” I whisper.  The whole world around us is taking in the light.  Marjorie’s features soften and she is as she was when she was living, not in death broken and defeated.
“I can’t believe it took so long for me to remember.” She shakes her head and eyes me suspiciously.  “You’re very beautiful Roaden.”
I smile and bow slightly.  “Not as beautiful as you.  Not ever as free.  You are free now.  You understand?”
“I always was, wasn’t I?”  Her smile slants and she turns to the light.  She is fading.
“Marjorie, can you tell me what happened to you?” I keep hold of her hand as the rest of her is drawn to the world beyond.  The place all pass to and no one return.
“I was killed.” Marjorie states simply. “I was killed by a man who was waiting for me in the woods.  He was hidden in the brush.  When I went to get water from the creek, he came up from behind and hit my head.  I was dazed and in pain but not gone.”
I touched her cheek as tears ran down.  She smiled and closed her eyes.  “I’d seen him before.  With the Drear’s.  I saw him several times actually.  I even saw him the morning I had some questions about lab work done on Seraphin.  He drove Dr. Drear to work.”
“What were you questioning?” I asked, myself curiosity of all things concerning Sera overtaking my responsibility to help Marjorie.
“The cell count was normal.  Her blood tests were good.   No cancer.  Dr. Drear said I had the wrong blood sample.  But it couldn’t have been.  Her psychiatrist believed me.  I told him too.”
“He did?”  I felt the mystery morph into new shapes as old questions were answer but only lead to a dozen more.
I watched as specks of light starting shining through her, warm filled the air.  “I wanted to tell Sera she was well.  I know it’s silly but I really wanted to give her the good news.”
I froze and felt ever part of my body tense.  Seraphin.
“Do you know the man’s name?” I ask as only Marjorie’s face was visible amongst all the light.
“His name is Paul.”
Marjorie vanished.  She took all the light with her leaving an unbearable void of gray left in her place.



	



Chapter Twenty-Eight

	I was so weak I had to stop twice on my way to Deter.  Only immense curiosity and want of Roaden kept me going. When I came to the wall I had no strength to climb it.  I sighed and leaned against the vines that hung down.  I wished I’d gotten my phone fixed.
I debated on options. If I called out someone might hear me.  I decided to sit for a minute and try to hopefully collect enough strength to climb over the wall.
The cold was bitter and crisp.  I could feel it seep through my winter coat and I was chilled to the bone.
I breathed out, a deep painful breath that seemed heavy in the air.  I wondered if I had not made a mistake promising to meet with Deter.  I was going to be lucky to get home I was so tired.
“Miss Drear?”  The voice called gently.
Surprised, my heart thumped in my chest.  I stood up and leaned against the wall.  “Yes, Sorry Deter,” I lowered my voice.  “I’m catching my breath.”
“Would you mind if I came over there?” he asked.
“Um,” I looked at the vines I used to climb the wall.  It wasn’t really difficult but Deter was what 70?  “There isn’t really an easy way to get over.”
“I will walk out of the dark, please do not be alarmed,” his German accent cut through the air and even though his voice was self-assured and even somewhat gentle, the accent gave immediate authority and I did as told, all accept the ‘not be alarmed’ part.  I wasn’t sure how that was even possible if he was going to walk out of the dark.
“I’ll step away from the wall,” I whispered and back up.  I wasn’t sure where to stand.  I combed over the wall and looked down the winding length of it.
The darkest shadow just a few yards away, where no snow could catch a glimpse of moon, the small patch of darkness began to play tricks with my eyes.  I stared hard at it.  I was watching a shadow emerge from a darker shadow.  I blinked as the darkness grew to the size of a man.  With one step forward, cane in hand Deter was standing in front of me.
“You travel like Roaden,” I barely managed.
“Yes,” Deter tipped his hat and smiled.  I felt instantly relieved.  There was something in the way he spoke and the commanding gestures that put me to ease.
“I’m sorry I called,” I began; Deter put his hand up and shook his head.
“A dying tree is standing in a forest full of oaks.  He is aware of them but they are only aware of each other.  He can see every leaf on their branches and he knows where the dead leaves go even when the wind blows them away.  He always knows but no one is there to listen.”
“Roaden is the tree?”  I asked feeling stupid.  I knew the answer.  Deter smiled politely and continued.
“The tree is stuck because a sorceress cursed him.  Gave him knowledge and power but cursed him to loneliness and then tangled a possibility of redemption but because of the cruelty the sorceress is known for, he can’t afford to believe.
He may have all the answers but no one to share them with.  The tree knows all he can control is what is in his hands.  The ground that is his home and the view the he has.  He will see it as good and it will be enough.”
I circled my arms around myself and tried to keep in warmth.  Deter stepped up and his voice lowered but his smile stayed the same.
“Then the white fox walks along and starts talking to the tree, because it isn’t a cursed tree to the fox, it is a being of knowledge and only the fox can speak to it.  The tree can now grow legs and run with the fox.  He can see past his view of the world and travel to see other trees, other animals.  The tree had enough but now he will know what it is to want more.”
I had a bad feeling about this.  I watched Deter and listened as the story ended.
“The fox too realizes there are others to be connected to, and disappears.  The tree instantly returns grounded and is home again only this time, it is not enough.  It will never be enough but still he must endure because it is all he will ever have.”
“I’m not the fox.  The fox left her heart out then to be tempted away.  I’m not like that.” I tell him evenly.  As cold as I am my voice is sound and clear.  “I can’t explain my connection I feel for him but it isn’t frivolous and I’m not careless with people.”
Deter shakes his head and circles me.  “I believe what you are saying is what you intend.  However, the heart can be a shifting tide.  When the water is too dark, the storm to close, it is human nature to turn back to what is comfortable.”
“If I take a risk to be close to him, he’s taking a risk getting close to someone who isn’t going to live very long,” I tell him.  I start to feel the pressure of scrutiny under Deter’s watchful eyes.  I don’t feel as though he is trying to be cruel but his honesty is prickly.  “I can’t say I won’t make mistakes.  I can’t say I’ll always say the right thing to Roaden, but I care about him.”
“What do you know of him?” Deter asked.
“He said he was cursed.” I hoped Deter can give me more information than Roaden did.  He doesn’t disappoint.  “He left out the part that there would be a chance for redemption.  I don’t understand how it’s redemption for Roaden.  Roaden didn’t do anything wrong.  Did he?”
“Long before me, Roaden would visit his grandmother Demeter during the time of fall; he’d join her on her journey back to Hades.  Demeter was angry and bitter.  Life for her was cruel and living as long as she had made her cruel as well.  She took out this rage on Roaden since Hades was not easily accessible.”
“I had no idea.  We don’t read many stories about the gods in school,” I couldn’t imagine what it meant to be hated by your family for something that isn’t his fault.
“There are no more stories written,” Deter tells me.  “Men moved on to machines and no longer cared so much.  The celebrities of ancient times faded.  But their lives continued they just stopped begin written.”
“Demeter cursed him?”
“Yes,” Deter leaned on his cane and looked over the sky.
“That’s why he doesn’t believe in me,” I felt my heart shrink up.  This was why he didn’t want to be with me.  He believed my feelings were part of an elaborate joke being played on him.
“How did I get involved?  How did I get picked as the one to fall for him?” I asked Deter.  My feelings bloomed and warmed me.  I knew how I felt.  I knew what it felt like to really care for someone.  If I didn’t care about him I wouldn’t be taking a risk and talking to Deter, a Fold member.
“Were you picked?”   Deter sighed and looked down at me.  “I suspect it has something to do with your family’s mystery.”
“The illness,” I sigh.  Me dying.  Always dying.  Maybe I was the punch line in the joke.  A short brief moment of something desirable only to die shortly after.  Maybe Roaden would be better off without me.  “I don’t want to hurt him.”
“What do you want?” Deter stood tall, he placed both hands on his cane and looked down at me.
“I want to know him,” I say and smile as the memory of his face blazes in my heart and illumes my mind.  “I want to know the secrets and know his thoughts.  I think being around him would be as interesting as leaving a closed off forest and seeing the rest of the world.  He’s seen all of time and its passing.”  The more I spoke the calmer and more confident I felt about my feelings.  The more I realized this was not good.  “I have to let him go.”
“Why?” Deter frowned but he didn’t sound cross or too surprised.
“Because I’m not being fair,” I feel myself sinking as I speak.  It’s greater than the break up with Bryan and I feel worse realizing that.  Something about Roaden was so far under my skin I couldn’t get away from it.  Tears poured down my cheeks.  I had not realized just saying it would hurt so much.  I had to think about those that are left behind.  “It’s the right thing.  What would I be anyway?  A few years maybe of a relationship?  If he even wanted a relationship.  That isn’t fair.”
“A woman’s heart is truly a beautiful gift,” Deter paused in thought and turned his head up to the sky listening.  I strained and tried to be still.  My heart beat in my chest and a low breeze was stirring but I didn’t hear anything at all.
“We men can be fools,” Deter whispered.  “It wasn’t complicated.  It was just as it appeared to be.  The claiming of a heart.  The heart that could not be obtained emotionally.”
“What?”  I didn’t follow.
“Miss Drear,” Deter’s low voice touched me and I wiped my face.  He handed me a handkerchief and I took it.  “There is so much more to your story than you realize.  All I know is that your feelings will empower you to do what you must for the one you love.  Just as his feelings will lead him to his own place.  You may walk away that does not mean he won’t follow.”
“He doesn’t really want me,” I admit as I remember the force in our kiss.  “He’s fighting his feelings.  If he wanted me he wouldn’t fight, curse or not.”
“He’s fighting more than a curse he’s fighting an idea, a reputation, a fear,” Deter corrects.  “He’s fighting for his existence.  His right to existence.  This moment will decide the type of man he will be for the rest of time.”
I sniffed and looked up into Deter’s who was full of the compassion concern.  “My family’s mysteries?”
“It’s what I was going to show you,” Deter turned and walked a short distance and stopped.  He was stiff and his profile was sharp as he turned to look up in the air. “I’m afraid we won’t have the opportunity right now.”
“What’s wrong?”
A whirl wind of air and dried leaves spun around us.  I closed my eyes as the onslaught of harsh wind stirred the ground from frozen slumber.  The twigs scratched my cheeks and my eyes burned.  I opened them to see Payce standing between us.  He was breathing hard and his clothes were a mess.  His long thin right hand was heavily bandaged and even though it was dark I could tell there was a lot of blood.
“It’s coming,” Payce tells Deter.
“Payce,” Deter looks down at him and frowns.  “What is it?”
“The golem!  It’s coming!” Payce looks to me his eyes wild and burning.  He walks to my side and I can feel the heat running off him from running.  His hair a mangled dark mess.  “Deter we have to hurry!  This is serious!”
“It’s coming for Sera?” Deter’s voice elevated and I felt instant panic.
“No,” Payce shook his disheveled dark head.  “It’s coming for you.”







Chapter Twenty-Nine

	I debated whether or not to ask Sera if she knew who Paul was.  I couldn’t decide.  It would bring suspicion and would distract her from Calista.
Calista.  My new client.  I promised to protect her.  I wasn’t sure how I would do that yet.  Her mother was the one who contacted the necromancer so it is her mother who made the deal.  A mother who has abandoned her living child to avenge the one she lost.
The living does not surprise me.  It did make me more sympathetic to Calista’s situation.  Her desire to not like Seraphin only to realize Sera had no idea what was happening.
Then there are the birds.  I had saved Lorel’s note to me.  It is clear she is not hiding.  She probably gained enough strength above ground that she’ll attempt physical contact with me soon.  I dreaded and hoped for the opportunity.  I’ve been the moon chasing the sun for decades.
I couldn’t help but feel I was missing something obvious.  I looked up at the ceiling and could not find any calm as I watched the fish gliding above.  A dark ship slowly passed casting a shadow over my room.
I rolled off my bed and paced the floor.  Lorelei was collecting hearts but why?  I had under estimated her.  I knew she was capable of doing morbid things for attention but this was unusual behavior.  Maybe she was working with someone?  Who could that be?
Then there is Payce.  Always back to Payce.  I needed to help him, now more than ever but again, it was a fragile sheet of ice I walked on when near him.  One crack and everyone would fall through and drown.
I picked up the phone and dialed Deter.  There was no answer.  I dialed Garn.
“Yes, Sir,” Garn’s voice was solid and more confident.
“Where is Deter?” I cut in quickly.
“He stayed behind,” Garn replied and with a pause added, “He didn’t say why.”
“Have you heard from him?”
“No Sir, but,” his voice stiffened and he shuffled the phone a bit.  “We found the group in Canada.  All five of them sir.”
“Tell me,” I braced myself.
“Ghouls sir, all of them.  Killed in the same way, shot through the head and then bitten.  They led the pack that was here in Jersey.  I’ve never seen anything like this.  They were just turned loose in a small farming community.  We’re dealing with the fatalities.  Seven civilians dead, three under watch for infection.”
“Payce?” I asked feeling a humming sound ringing in my chest.  The beast was raging and the world was sinking.
“Unknown sir, he’s not with the others.”
“What?”  Garn yelled at someone nearby.  He came back to the phone breathless.  “Sir, seer says the golem is in Drear.  It must have been transported and buried nearby the area.”
Sera.
I hung up and flew to the door where I was met by a familiar face.  My mind was blank.  Those eyes.  Those eyes of my friend.
“Good evening Master Roaden,” Deter tilted his hat and smiled.
“Deter,” I breathed out and my heart lunged.  The ghost of Deter froze me. “No,”
“I rehearsed this many times,” Deter spoke calmly, light illuming around him.
“I only could hope I would tell this to you.  It was the strongest emotion I had.  It was the most important thing to me.  The only think I wanted more than anything else.”
“Deter,” I started to fold up on the pain.   Deter is dead.
“It has been an honor to work with you sir,” Deter’s face started taking in the light.  “It was an honor to be your friend.  I am the man I am because I had you to teach me and I have lived.”
I sat down; the hum in my hollowed chest was now a throbbing pain and a buzzing in my ears.
“Thank you sir,” Deter whispered and disappeared, taking in the light and moving on past death.
I swallowed and the darkness pooled in me.  I had to get to Drear and find the golem.  I had to protect Sera.
I threw myself into the cold and dark, traveling recklessly and emerged in the road outside Drear.  I could smell the sour rotting corpse of the Golem.  It fulfilled its purpose and was discarded.  I spun around the road empty.  Deter’s body had been taken.  A trophy?  The rage in me peeked.
I stood of the lump of flesh sewn together to make a new being for its master.  A puppet.  I pulled my phone and summoned The Fold to pick it up.
“Roaden,” a ragged voice called.
“Payce,” I turned and saw him, frail and bloody, leaning against the wall.  He put up his good hand.
“I can’t help you anymore Roaden,” Payce choked.  “I can’t.  I’m so sorry.  I didn’t want to do this.  I didn’t have a choice.  I’m too dangerous now.”
“I know,” I watch him as he stands up, tears in his eyes as anger overwhelms me.  “Payce, you will always be my friend.  I will always come after you.”
“I know,” Payce breathed out and calmed.  “I know.  Thank you.”
He disappeared down the road, a blur form running faster than any moving being or object, but never getting away.
I glide over the wall and swim in the night to Sera.  I am stronger than the wind and night.  I am stronger then death.  I am the monster.  I will take Seraphin with me tonight.  I will explain the golem and she’ll see this is best.
If she does not agree, I will cut off my hand to remove the chain binding me and I will force her into the dark with me.
I stop at her window and feel my heart sweep up all my intentions.  She is still and pale, tears down her cheeks but she makes no sound, sitting listlessly on the edge of her bed.  I tap the window and she turns her head, wiping her eyes before coming to me.  I phase through the dark and come from the dark corner of her room.
“Sera,” I see the torment in her face and it is the last amount of strain I can bare.  I take her hand and place it on my chest.  She seems so far away and afraid.  I am weighted in place and my heart could split in a thousand different ways all hinged on her exhale.  “What is it?”
“I was there,” she stifled a sob with her shaking hands and pulled away from me.  Her long hair disarray falling down shaking shoulders.  She won’t look at me.  “I’m so sorry Roaden.  Deter wanted to talk.  If I hadn’t gone out.  I’m so sorry.”
My mind went blank.  Sera had seen Deter?
“It happened so fast,” she sank to the floor, her shoulders shook.  “Payce appeared and then that thing, it moved like an animal.  Its limbs were all the same length and it was so fast I couldn’t even tell when it was standing on its feet or hands.”
I melted beside her and wrapped her up in me even though she was drifting far away.  I could feel her body shiver as I willed with all my might the fear away.  It wasn’t my gift as a god but I wanted that more than anything at this moment.
“It grabbed him by the head, Roaden!  It grabbed him and took him over the wall like a rag doll!” She looked up at me, eyes full of shock, fear drowning in her ocean.  The tip of my finger traced the path of her tears along her stained cheek.  “The sound, the cracking noise from Deter’s body!  I can’t stop thinking about it.  It was so horrible.  Deter didn’t have a chance to move, to defend himself.  It’s my fault!”
“No,” I pulled her away to look at me. “This is not your fault.”
“It is Roaden,” she insisted her lower lip quivered.  “Payce protected me.  If I had not been there Deter wouldn’t have been there.  He would have moved in the dark the way you do and he’d be safe.”
I kissed the top of her head and she broke down again.  I felt the beast within howl as we all drowned in sorrow together.  Deter is dead.
Sera started to ease up.  “Sera, tell me everything that happened right before the Golem attacked.”
Sera sat up, her eyes would not look into mine.  “Deter and I were talking.  He said he wanted to show me something.”
I frowned.  Was Deter insane?  Would he have really showed her the truth?  I breathed out.  I couldn’t really know if that was his intention, not now.  Deter always full of wisdom and mystery.
“He paused and I guess he heard Payce coming because suddenly Payce was standing there in front of us, crazy and torn up.  He said the golem was coming for Deter.”
The golem was after Deter?
I wrapped her back into me and she tried to push away.  I hushed her and she relented.  I sat for a long time, wondering where to begin.
The Fold would be devastated as Deter’s death became common knowledge.  Payce knew about Sera and that meant Sera was not a secret any longer.
Oh, Lorel.  If I had just brought you home, together we’d slumber in Morpheus spell and none of this would have happened.
I rested my cheek on Seraphin’s head.  Her breathing was even her body still.
“I understand if you can’t help me anymore,” she spoke softly.  Her voice was so hollow and haunting.  “I know Deter was important to you.  You were clearly important to him.  You need to focus on finding out who did this.”
“I know who did it,” I tell her, she looks up at me, her face confused and even anger reflecting back at me.  “I just don’t know why it was done.”
“Who?  Can you stop them?” she asked.
“Yes,” I trail off. I feel the sinking in my heart.  I have lost Deter, I was losing Payce.  I couldn’t lose Sera.  “This does change things.”
“It’s ok,” she pulls away sitting alone and taking her warmth with her.  “I just want you to stop whoever did that.  That thing, that. . .”
“Golem,” I said.
“Yes,” she shook her head.  “I don’t want to know what it was before it was a monster.  I just don’t want that to happen to anyone ever again.  Is that what’s out there?”
“No,” I sighed my heart ached for her.  “This is not the rest of the world Sera, but it is part of mine.”
“I’m sorry,” she whispered brows furrowed.  “What will you do?”
I rise up and frown at the dark of her room that is all around us.  “I will do what needs to be done and be who I need to be to achieve this.”
Sera’s eyes were on the gold chain straining around my wrist.
“Stay safe Roaden,” she whispered and added without hesitation, “please come back.”
I kiss her hand before absorbing the night and vanishing into the sky.  I can still feel the heat of her body tight against mine.  It is the only warmth left for me now.
I know I should leave her life and let her be.  If I were a heroic person or even a decent person I would walk away, make her father disappear so she’d be safe and leave her to her world as I go back into mine.
But I am not any of these things.  I am Roaden son of Hades.  Cursed.
And I will live with that.




End Book One

