Acknowledgments
First and foremost I would like to thank my parents for the love and support they give me. 
My sisters Joy, Marina and Mona- you, three woman, have taught me so many things that I'm proud to say have shaped me into the man I am.
My twin brother, Lwandile- who goes by the name Tragedy Penn- man, I love you. I dedicate this piece to you. Had it not been for you constantly pushing me to complete this I would have probably still been working on chapter 1. You are my biggest fan and I am yours, man. I really hope to see you create a novel one day. Nudge; nudge, wink; wink!
My soulmate, Ashton Botha. I thank you for dealing with a weird, creative soul like me. Your love is a blessing. 
And to every one reading this, I acknowledge you too.
Prologue
Even the years before I sold my soul, when I was filled with all kinds of emotions, did not prepare me for what I felt now. It felt like I was drowning- in a good way. It was like I was immersed within the presence of this woman that stood before me. From her golden braids to her golden brown skin; from her green eyes to her pink lips; from her height to her petite body; from the music she played to the way she played it, the epitome of beauty was her. Mermaids- who were the most beautiful creatures in the world- were nothing in comparison to her and in my life within the Organization I had seen many of them. In different shapes, sizes and colours.
"How can I help you?" She asked.
"Kristine, don't you know who that is?" Her friend asked while pointing at me. It was evident by the other two girls behavior that they had been fans of my band but Kristine wasn't even phased. In some way she seemed to be angry at me.
"I know who you are. How can I help you?" She said while she hopped off stage.
"I'm sorry, Kristine." I said in an attempt to calm her down. Why is she so angry at me? I thought. Even though I didn't know her I could see that her tough exterior was nothing but an act. 
"There was just a mob of angry protestors so I decided to take refuge in here and- wow- I'm so glad that did."
"I saw and quite frankly, what did you expect?" She said.
"Excuse me." Surprised, I asked immediately.
"You have so much power!" Kristine said while shaking her head as if she were disappointed in me. Her actions reminded me of the countless times I disappointed mom. 
"You could use that power for good but instead you use it for the benefit of evil." 
"Kristine-" her friend pleaded but Kristine cut her sentence off immediately.
"No!" She said before adding, "I've been waiting for this day for a long time." By now tears fell down her face. All I could do was stand still in wonder of what she was talking about. Although with all the evil I've done I knew that the pain didn't end within the victims I've killed. Their pain ended when they drew their last breath but inevitably it transferred to their loved ones. Was Kristine a victim of my works of evil?
"You're right," I said. She was just as surprised as I was by my reply. Even just the thought of lying to her made me feel guilty. 
"I want to be good but I've done too much  damage to my soul. Nothing I do can change the fact that I'm damned." 
Within her eyes I saw the sparkle of sympathy. She took a step closer. By the way her eyebrows drew closer together I knew that she could feel the honesty in my voice. 
"God can restore your soul."
Chapter 1

There Goes My Scholarship

It was a hot midsummers night but a strange, cold sensation crept over my skin. It was a tingling sensation that made the hairs on your body arise. After opening my eyes I had to rub them with clenched fists. It had only been a few minutes since I was in bed but it was a long, tiring day and rest was overdue. Looking down at the floor of my room I couldn't believe what I saw. So I rubbed my eyes again with the futile hope that what I saw was only a figment of my imagination.
But it was not!
Thick gray mist had carpeted the floor of my room. The longer I stared at it the more it became apparent that this mist seemed to be moving on its own accord. 
Running out of my room was my initial thought although there was only concrete where my door used to be. I was trapped within these four walls. Freaking out would be a natural reaction but I only felt tranquillity. All the contents in my room, like my door, had disappeared. Only my bed, the mysterious mist and myself had remained. As the mist began to illuminate it took on the form of a large serpent. Even the room felt as if it had shrunk due to its size. I was frozen with fear and the tranquillity I once felt seemed to be a distant memory. That's what I assumed would become of me. A distant memory. 
In the silver eyes of the Serpent I saw my reflection. Afraid!
"I've been waiting for this day," the Serpent said as it swung its head before me.
"Don't be afraid. I promised that I wouldn't hurt you. In fact," it tilted its head to the side and a fire sparked within its eyes, "I've come to offer you healing."
"Healing?" Was the only word I managed to utter after gaining the strength to do so.
"Healing from pain, poverty and your feeling of worthlessness." 
Like a hot knife cutting through butter the Serpent's words slithered into my heart. They cut away at the walls that I had erected as a defensive mechanism. 
"How so?" By now I felt the fear leave my body. 
"Your old man and I are well acquainted. Unfortunately he had failed to do what I had asked him to do. I had high hopes for him but that came tumbling down. However, he believes- as do I that you are the best man for the job."
"My father?" 
"Yes, you can see him if you do what I ask."
"What do I have to do?" Even I was surprised by the urgency and desperation that was present in my voice. 
My dad was a blues musician. After he had secured a deal with a major record label he left my mom and I. 
In fact, no one had heard from him again. It's like he had disappeared off the face of the earth. It soon became clear that this was the work of the Serpent. Although I couldn't care less. If I had the chance of finding him then I would do whatever was needed. Mom was happiest when my dad was around. Now she's just a shadow of the woman that she used to be. But I'm going to change that. 
"Sign on the dotted line." As soon as the Serpent spoke my body began to move on its own accord. Like the pull of a rising wave my hand was drawn to its mouth. In the blink of an eye its fang had pierced my thumb. A drop of my blood appeared. As if another entity was controlling my body my head dropped down. There was a page on my lap with writings in a foreign language. My blood would serve as my signature, so I was told. Although something told me that my life would never be the same from this moment on. 

"Kenyan! Kenyan!"
After opening my eyes I saw my mom standing by my door. In one hand she held a cup of coffee and in the other hand she held her car keys. 
"I've been trying to wake you up for the past 30 minutes. Whatever you were dreaming about must have been really important. Hurry up, kiddo, we're gonna be late."
Mom worked two jobs. She worked in a pharmacy by day and by night she worked  as a waitress in the local diner. However even with these jobs we barely made ends meet. We lived from hand to mouth. But somehow mom always made things work out. That was a trait that I had admired about her: Her resilience.
Things weren't always this way. When my dad was still here, about six years ago, we had everything we could have asked for. A big car, a spacious house and the whole shebang.
Jumping out of bed I couldn't help but think about the dream from last night. It was not only frightening and strange but it was so vivid. There was no mark on my thumb where the Serpent's fang had pierced but I could still feel a sharp pain there. Sitting on the edge of my bed while staring at my thumb all I could think about was those silver fiery eyes.
"Kenyan!" 
The sound of my mom calling my name broke me out of my trance. Being late wasn't an option. Mom was already on her first warning and it was all my fault. 
So with that thought in mind I ran to the shower and got ready for school. 

Mom was already in the car waiting for me when I ran outside. Looking at my watch I breathed a sigh of relief.
7:20. We were right on time. My school was a 30 minute drive when traffic was clear. Most days I prayed for traffic. Just the thought of going to my school every day was the cause of my depression. 
Especially arriving early and having to be surrounded by my fellow students and teachers for more minutes in my life that I would never get back. That was the worse. In all honesty they weren't that bad. Although I felt like I didn't belong there. Everybody was rich and carefree while I was the only one who was poor and actually had real problems. I hated the sympathy in their eyes whenever they looked at me. If it wasn't a sympathetic stare then it was a 'if it wasn't for your scholarship you wouldn't be here' kind of look. 
Most times I wished they would just take their scholarship away but then I would think of my mom and how it would cause us to struggle even more. So as usual I just bit my tongue and continued to persevere. What else can I do?
With no traffic we arrived at school even earlier than usual. There was no way I was going to wait inside of school so I decided to wait outside by the back gate. 
From the corner of my eye I could see a group of matric boys coming my way. By their fast movements I could see that they had nothing but ill intentions in mind.
They stopped in front of me- three boys whom I had never seen before. So I found it beyond strange that they were angry at me. They had white blazers on so I knew that they were in matric but other than that I didn't know anything about them.
"You think you're so cool, don't you, Kenyan!" The boy who asked seemed to be the angriest of the three. It was apparent that he was the ringleader. Spit flew out of his mouth as he shouted and waved his hands in my face. This confrontation had attracted a few students already. 
"Yes." I answered calmly. 
By now a large group had gathered around us. My comment sent them roaring with laughter. Even though that wasn't my intention. 
"Bobby, you gonna let him talk to you like that?" The ringleader's friend asked.
"No!" He barked back. The veins in the side of his neck popped out as he spoke.
"You stay away from my girlfriend, Kenyan, or else."
"Or else?"
"I. Will. Kick. Your. Ass."
In synchronisation the students all said 'yoh' at his idle threat. By now the group that had gathered had taken up the whole street. Cars hooted to go past but the students were unbothered. It was seldom that a confrontation was seen at my school but when it happened then it sent students into a frenzy. 
"Well, why don't you tell your girlfriend to leave me alone." As soon as I replied I regretted it because I didn't even know who this guy was or who his girlfriend was. Although I could see that he was ready to fight for her. 
And I had to put gasoline on the fire and salt on the wound, didn't I? 
Bobby reached into his blazer and pulled out a small pocket knife. In his eyes was the look of a possessed man. 
"I need to teach you respect." He shouted as he swung his blade towards my face. 
After cocking my head back I grabbed his wrist, pulled his hand straight and sent an uppercut crashing into his elbow. It gave a chilling cracking sound and I, like everybody else, could see that it was broken. At least the knife fell to the ground. Due to the events that had just occurred, half of the crowd were screaming in fear for this confrontation to stop while the other half were screaming in excitement. They wanted to see more. It seems like a broken arm didn't satisfy them so they continued baying for blood. 
Uncertain whether Bobby's friends were also equipped with knives I picked up the pocket knife. 
As soon as I stood upright, after picking it up, I saw my principal and a few teachers. A look of disgust stained their faces as their eyes switched from me to the blade, to Bobby and then to his broken arm. He was laying on the ground screaming in pain. For a few seconds time stood still. Then everything came crashing down. I felt a few teachers grab a hold of my arms. They began to pull me towards the office. Behind me I could hear someone calling an ambulance. Even though it wasn't my fault I couldn't help but feel sorry for Bobby. Especially when the fight was uncalled for and could have been prevented. 
There goes my scholarship, I thought. 

"Kenyan Matthews! Are you mad? Do you want to give me a heart attack? What the hell were you thinking? Where did you get a knife? You could have killed that boy." As she spoke I could see her hands grip tighter around the steering wheel. Shaking her head, I could pick up that she was disappointed. She pressed her foot further down on the acceleration pad. 
"It wasn't my fault. He tried to stab me first." I said while cringing, fearing that we would get into an accident because of how my mom was speeding.
"Well, then why do all the students and teachers say that you attacked him?"
"Mom, the teachers weren't even there. They only came after the whole thing happened."
Tears began falling down my cheeks. It didn't bother me that nobody else believe me. I knew that no one at school would take my side. It wasn't even because of the colour of my skin. I knew they detested me because of my low social class. 
What bothered me was the fact that my own mom didn't believe me. 
Crying wasn't my thing. Even when I was a baby, I was told, I seldom cried. As I got older I realised how to build up walls within myself. A lot of pain was saved because of this. My dad would always tell me to express myself. In his words 'keeping things in will cause an emotional flood' and 'an emotional flood causes one to be an emotional wreck.'
"Tell me this, Kenyan, why would that boy want to hurt you?"
"I don't know, mom."
"Then how am I supposed to believe you?"
In all honesty I could see her point. Somewhat. 
Since my dad left I just haven't been the same. I took frequent trips to the police station for fighting and vandalism. Although that all changed once I got my scholarship. I've been on my best behaviour since then. I always tried to keep a low profile. It had worked until today. 
When we got to the driveway of our house my mom started crying. Mom was like me. We both kept things to ourself so seeing her crying was as usual as her seeing me cry. By placing my hand on her shoulder I tried to comfort her. 
"I'm sorry, kiddo, I believe you." Mom said through her sobs. 
"It's just that I'm so stressed with work and now this. I don't even know where to look for a new school for you. But I will do my best." 
"Like you always do, mom"
"Thank you, kiddo." 
I stepped out the car and made my way towards the front door. As mom waved goodbye to me I couldn't help but feel guilty. Even though I'm just 16 years old maybe I should focus on getting my life in order. 

*********

The rest of the week had gone by slowly. Nothing eventful happened. My days consisted of me waking up, watching television, checking out Facebook and eating. It turns out that news of my expulsion had spread fast. Many people posted videos of the fight. Ironically, even though the videoswere taken from many different angles- they all started from the same place; they all started with me breaking Bobby's arm. 
Reading the comments on Facebook, in everybody's opinion, I was lucky that no charges were pressed. It just disgusted me. It turns out that the truth these days, like a friend for the night, is something that can be bought. 
I did receive a few messages saying 'keep strong' and 'the fault isn't yours.' Although there was one message that stood out for me: 

I realy feel bad. I'm realy sowi 4 wat happened. I knw Bobby is da jealous type. Didn't knw he wud do that. We r ova. Just sayin. Sowi again. 

Hope 2 c u soon
Mwa

Luv Megzzz

Megan McKenna. She was the girl that Bobby was fighting for?! Had I known it was her I would have just apologised and walked away. Even though she was one of the most beautiful and popular girls in my school- well former school- she just wasn't my type. 
By the way she had been acting around me I never would have guessed that she had a boyfriend. Although I tried to keep my distance from her. 
There's many movies I've watched where a beautiful girl stalks and kills a handsome young fellow like myself. I did not want my life to end like that. Megan seemed like the type of girl who was capable of doing such a thing. It's no wonder why Bobby was so angry. Megan could have told him any lie because lying was her strong point. 
Brushing her out of my mind I walked to the fridge to grab something to eat. As usual there wasn't really anything to make. So against my choice I settled for an egg sandwich. When I was done I heard the engine of my mom's car pull into the driveway. This was strange. Looking down at my watch I saw that the time was 15:30. This is way too early for mom to be coming home. Unless she has been fired. Which I pray isn't because of me. 
"We're moving out," mom said as soon as she walked into the house. A smile brought a glow upon her face. It was a pleasant sight to see but her statement had surprised me. 
"What?" I uttered, softly, under my breath but loud enough for her to hear me. 
"I've got a new job." Her electric energy was foreign to me. She seemed alive as if she was reborn into a new creation. That fact brought happiness to my heart.
"And I've already found an apartment that's close to where I'll be working and to where you will be going to school"
A hundred questions flooded my mind although I felt that the question 'when are we leaving' would suffice- for now. 
"Tomorrow," was her reply. Without any further delay she rushed to her room. As she walked past me she flashed me a smile accompanied with a nod. For some reason I knew that this indicated I should pack my belongings. At least there wasn't much in my room. Just my bed, the clothes in my cupboard, and my dad's records. Being poor meant that we had little to move. All our furniture and clothes could probably fit into one moving van. This sat well with me. 
Maybe a new beginning is what I need. 
"Kenyan!" Mom shouted from her room
"Come help me get this box down."
Mom's room was slightly bigger than mine but it looked the same. Nothing much. Just a bed, a bedside table, a mirror and a built in cupboard. Since she was shorter than me she couldn't reach the upper compartment of the cupboard. 
Standing on the tip of my feet I was able to grab the edge of the box and pull it towards me. As I pulled it, it seemed to have been jammed against something. So I gave another tug and the box came crashing to the floor. The contents of the box lay on the floor: 
Photos of my mom, dad and I from a time when everything seemed simple. There was a CD that my dad had made for my mom- all songs by him- as well as letters between him and her.
Mom started crying. Even though she tried to act as if she wasn't bothered by his absence I could see that she was. If only we were more open with each other. 
In an attempt to comfort her I placed a hand on her shoulder but she said that she needed to go outside for a cigarette. I knew that she wanted to be alone. So I sat on her bed...then it hit me. 
Standing on the tip of my feet I moved my hands around the rather large area of the upper cupboard compartment. My hands felt something smooth. Something told me to handle this object carefully so I pulled it out slowly. 
When my eyes saw what it was my heart was filled with a mixture of different emotions. It seems as if my mom had allocated that compartment to the memory of my dad. 
In my hand I held his guitar. It was the same guitar he taught with. Although I haven't played since he left. My eyes couldn't shift from the beauty I held in my hands. Along the neck my fingers slid down, all the way to the body. A strange feeling of familiarity ran through my fingers as I touched the strings.

I might have lost my scholarship but I know I gained a second chance at life.
Chapter 2 

A Circle Formed

Hunter's father was one of the richest businessmen in the coastal city of View Valley, Cape Town. So anything that Hunter desired was within his reach. Although the only thing that he wanted was power and influence- not like his father who dressed up in a suit and dominated the business world. 
He wanted to control the world in his own way. Luckily for him he had friends who wanted the same thing. Bear and his sister, Raven, had grown up with Hunter. They did everything together!
'Best friends,' didn't do justice in describing their relationship. 'Family,' was well suited. Hunter's mother had died while giving birth to him and his father had hardly played a role in his life. Well he did play a role but to say it was a positive role would be a lie. Bear and Raven were all that he had. With a new addition to the group the trio thought that they could begin on their quest for power. 

"Are you sure that this is going to work?" 
"Yeeeah. You- like- haven't seen the things we've done, duuude." Raven's speech was slow and her tone of voice was always monotone. She usually stretched her words when she spoke. 
Tanner, who was the new addition to the group, wasn't quite sure what he was getting himself into. Underneath the night sky, with the moonlight on Raven's copper coloured skin and her hair covering her face- concealing her eyes- Tanner thought she looked eerie. If she didn't seem so dark and evil then he probably would have thought she was the prettiest girl he had seen. But she didn't care about looking good. Her list of things that she cared about was very short. Tanner, unfortunately, didn't make it onto that list. 
"Tanner, duuuude. Whatever you do- do not show them you're afraid." Brushing her hair away from her face he could see the look of seriousness in her eyes. A chill ran through his body. 
"I'm not afraid," he replied, although as he spoke he even failed to convince himself. Raven just nodded her head.
Hunter and Bear joined the two, by the docks, in front of Hunter's speedboat. 
Mamywata was the name given to the boat. 
"Your fear will be the end of you." Hunter said as he jumped into his boat. Even though he looked ahead into the water Tanner knew that this warning was meant for him. By now- he had a terrible feeling that something wasn't right. Despite the 'still small voice' in his mind telling him to go home he decided to jump into the boat with the rest of his new found friends.
A decision that would prove to be deadly. 

"Woohoo! Here we go." Bear shouted as soon as the speedboat decelerated and came to a halt. Within the middle of the ocean, away from the city, the group felt as if the world had stopped. Even the wind and waves had seemed to have taken a break. Hunter, Bear and Raven had known the ocean and all it had to offer. So they felt at ease. It was like they had come home from a long vacation. Unfortunately the same couldn't be said for Tanner. His eyes were playing tricks on him. A couple of times he thought he saw something in the water but decided that it was best he didn't say anything. In his eyes, Hunter was the coolest person he had ever met and he didn't want to disappoint him. He wanted to show him that he was cool and that he could be useful. 
At Hunter's command the group all held each others hands and thus formed a circle. 
"Sisters of the Sea. Serpent sent me. For completion of ones task we summon thee. Sisters of the Sea. Serpent sent me."
Hunter sounded like a hissing snake as he sang out the summoning spell. He repeated it two more times. Each time he projected his voice louder and louder.
Tanner fought to keep his eyes closed like everybody else but his fear prohibited him from doing so. His eyes darted from the water to Hunter and from Raven to the stars in the sky. There was nothing he could do. In a cage of his own bad decisions - he was trapped. 
It had only been a few months since he had known the trio. Even though he could sense something dark about them he brushed it off and thought that it was because they were musicians that they were so weird. All he wanted was to be in a band and play guitar. Now he was in the middle of the ocean summoning the 'Sisters of the Sea.' 
He was a follower and not a leader. Someone who was able to assert authority could have easily manipulated him. Such was the story of his life. When Hunter had told him 'we're going to the sea for a summoning spell,' he just agreed. It's just harmless fun, he said over and over in order to console himself. Although now as he stood in the speedboat he felt that he should have seen the signs. 
Hunter, Bear and Raven may have been a band but they were also a cult. 
"Let's go, guys, I can't do this." He cried out
"It's too late, dude." Bear quickly replied "They're gonna be here any second."
As soon as he spoke a storm began to bubble up from the sea. Although the ocean remained still, in front of the boat the water bubbled as if it were boiling. A white glow was in the middle of it. Raven began screaming with excitement, "they're coming, they're coming!"
Three women appeared from the water. Although their facial features appeared to be slightly human- they were far from it. They eyes were twice the size of human eyes and they were fully silver. The shape and colour were similar to a full moon. 
All three of the women were gold in skin colour with long red hair. Had it not being for their different coloured lips then one would not be able to tell the three apart. 
The Sisters of the Sea were the daughters of Mamywata. When she had been killed many years ago they took over the running of the waters. 
Sai, the sister with the black lips, brought death upon the waters. It was her who caused tsunamis and the sinking of ships amongst other things. She was also the most feared as she was the most powerful. 
Seh, the sister with the blue lips, was the teacher. Gurus, scientists, musicians and inventors who were under the rule of the Serpent were all taught by her. Even though she was in the water she controlled the world by spreading her doctrine to the humans.
Sha, the sister with the green lips, brought life unto the waters. Sea monsters, merfolk, and the rest of the sea kingdom were all her doing. 
"It's good to see you guys again." Seh spoke. "I see you brought us fresh meat."
Tanner jumped back in fear as she pointed towards him. Although he tried to conceal his fear he was unable to. 
"What do you guys want?" Sai asked.
"We were told that in order to move ahead that we need a complete circle." Hunter said. "So here we are."
"No. You are not complete." Sha laughed as she spoke. Her eyes were focused on Tanner. 
"If you give us that one," Sai pointed at Tanner, "then we will show you who will strengthen your circle." 
There was no debate. In each other minds they knew that they might have to sacrifice him. This was a thought that sat well within their souls. They didn't hesitate to agree. Even though Tanner screamed and begged for help it was pointless. The moon-like eyes of Sai drew him in. Against his will he dived into the water and so the sisters disappeared. When they were out of sight- within the water- the trio all collapsed. A white mist covered their eyes. In their minds they were transported to the future where they saw the new member as well as their power. This sent ecstasy through their bodies. All they wanted was so close within their reach. If they knew that this would happen when they sacrificed Tanner then they would have done so long ago. 
As they rode back to shore the face of their new member was on all their minds. 
He had copper coloured skin like Bear and Raven and long dreads that went passed his shoulders. 
Bear had made a joke saying that he looked like Hunter's doppelganger. Even though Hunter denied this by saying that the 'new member' had a darker skin tone, that he had dreads, no tattoos and a scar under his eye- a part of him could see a resemblance. 
Even Raven could see it too. 

*******

It has been a week since the summoning spell and Tanner could not be found. Nobody, not even the trio, knew what had happened to him. Although they knew he had been taken into the sea, what actually happened to him within the waters was unclear. All they knew was that he belonged to the Sisters of the Sea now. His whereabouts did not matter to the trio but the same could not be said for his parents. They posted flyers of him around town with a 10 000 rand reward for anyone who could offer vital information that would aid in his return. A 50 000 rand reward would be offered to anyone who brought him back. All they wanted was for him to return. Even the police tried their best and interviewed as many people as they could in order to gather information about the night of his disappearance. Since Hunter, Bear and Raven did not hang around the same people, at school, nobody knew how close they really were. Tanner only joined them at Hunter's house for daily band rehearsal. Even so- Hunter made it very clear that their involvement with each other should be kept a secret. This fact enticed Tanner. He felt like he was involved in something exclusive. 
His lack of judgement caused him to miss the signs that he was getting involved with something dangerous. By the time he realised this it was too late.
At school the news of his disappearance caused countless rumours. Some people said that he ran away to join a band in Jo'burg. Others said that he owed a loan shark money and was killed because he couldn't prove true on his word to pay it back. No matter what the story was or how outrageous it seemed the police had to follow up on it. So when they received a new lead they headed off to View Valley High School immediately. 
Detective Stevens and Khumalo were the head of the missing persons division. Since Tanner's parents had gone to great lengths to put pressure on the police to solve this case they worked around the clock to find out what had happened to him.
So the detectives rushed off to the high school and made it in time for the start of the fifth period- just as soon as the children and teachers were returning to class from break time.
Detective Khumalo asked the teacher if he could speak to Hunter outside and was granted permission to do so. Everybody wondered why the police wanted to speak to him. Everybody knew that he never had any affiliation with Tanner. Hunter hung around with the rich popular kids- the ones who bullied and terrorised other students and, sometimes, even teachers. Tanner was the complete opposite.
"Do you know why we're here." Detective Stevens asked.
"Detective," Hunter spat out the word as if it were an insult, "if you don't know why you're here then how should I?"
"You're a real smart ass, huh?"
"Better than being a dumb ass, right!?" Hunter quickly replied with as much attitude that he could summon.
"Lalela-" Detective Khumalo said but Hunter cut him off.
"I don't speak Zulu or any other language. 
My surname may be Mashaba but as you can see by my skin- I'm coloured."
"I'm tired of your shit!" Detective Stevens barked out. "We're here because we have a witness that claims they saw you with Tanner Du Toit on the day that he went missing."
"Fuck you!" Hunter said before laughing.
"That's it, asshole, we're going down to the station."
"Lemme call my lawyer, first," Hunter said as he reached his hand into his pocket. After punching in the numbers he handed the phone over to Detective Stevens whom was the older of the pair. He was surprised by this action but when he heard the voice at the end of the line a chill ran through his spine. Being in the SAPS for a long time he could recognise the voice of his commander within the room of several voices speaking over one another. 
"Mr Mashaba, how can I help?"
"This is Detective Stevens, sir." 
Out of shock and disbelief the detective didn't know what to say. The hoarse, deep voice of his commander ran through him. 
"Where's Hunter?"
"He's with us, sir. We received information that he was involved in the Du Toit case." He replied- convinced that his commander would be pleased since there was so much pressure and media coverage around this case. He forgot that he hadn't been the one whom called his commander. 
"Listen here- if you don't want to spend the rest of your days doing paperwork in Limpopo then I suggest you stop pursuing any leads about Hunter. Do you understand?"
"Sir, but-"
"Do. You. Understand?"
"Ja, sir!"
The commander had a naturally loud voice that demanded attention. So Hunter and Detective Khumalo heard the whole conversation clearly. 
Detective Stevens threw the phone towards Hunter and stomped off. His anger made him overlook questions like: Why did this teenage boy have the commander's number? Why was he on a first name basis with the commander?

As Hunter got into class all the students focused their gaze on him. When he smiled they all knew that the run in with the police had been nothing serious. Hunter took his seat. The teacher was about to continue the lesson when a knock on the door had stopped her from doing so. A boy with dreads and a scar underneath his eye walked into the classroom. 
'It's him,' Hunter whispered under his breath. 
Even though he tried not to stare he couldn't resist. When the Sister's of the Sea had revealed him to Hunter he noticed a slight resemblance. Now within a few feet away he could see that the resemblance was uncanny.
Could this be one of my father's kids, he thought. 
It was no secret to him that his father had multiple affairs with women. So it wasn't a large assumption.
It never bothered him in the past because to his knowledge he was the only one going to receive the inheritance. However something was different this time around. None of that mattered anymore as he looked at the new boy. A part of him hoped that they were related. 

Second break's arrival was highly anticipated by Hunter, Bear and Raven who had all been made aware of the new boy's arrival. Each one of them were more impatient than ever. With nothing but certainty they knew that all their dreams would come true once they had formed their circle. All they had to do was make the new boy join their cause. Which they knew wouldn't be so hard because fate had been predestined. 
It was decided that Raven would be the one to speak to him. There was a certain charm about her that she could use to manipulate people. This same charm had been the reason why Tanner had turned a blind eye to all the red flags. 
Hunter and Bear had been seen hanging around together for the first time. Bear was a rugby player and associated himself with his team at all times. They were the best team in the country for two consecutive years. A large part of that was based on their strong bond. That didn't matter to Bear anymore. As he stood next to Hunter he ignored his friends' greetings. He knew that all the sacrifices and spells that they made in the past were for this moment. Back then, due to all the things they had done, their association with each other would be the cause of many questions. Now they wouldn't have to worry about their town folk. They were about to enter into a new league; a new league that was much more dangerous but offered many rewards. 

After a few minutes of searching Raven had finally found him sitting outside on a bench. In his hand he held a novel and in his other hand he held a chicken and mayonnaise sandwich. 
She thought she was ready for this moment but as soon as she laid her eyes on him she realised that she was mistaken. Within her belly she felt things that she had never felt before. 
'This must be what people mean when they say they have butterflies in their tummy.' She whispered to herself. 
The new boy had been made aware of her presence. He looked up towards her. As their eyes locked all of her charm flew out of the window and she stood before him- shy. As much as she tried to speak the words didn't come out of her mouth. Luckily for her he took initiative.
"Hello," he said with a welcoming smile, "my name is Kenyan. What's your name?"
Get a grip of yourself, the voice inside her head had commanded her.
"Duuude. My name's Raven. A couple of my buddies and I are going to a music show tonight. We figured since you're new. You'd like to come." 
To her surprise the words flew out of her mouth faster than normal. Even the tone of her voice sounded different to her ears. 
"Yeah sure. Are they going to be playing blues or pop music." He asked - since these were the two biggest genres in the world he figured that it would be either one of these. 
He couldn't stand the sound of pop music.
"It's like neither," was her reply. "Duuude, I can bet my soul that it's a sound you haven't heard before." 
With that being said the two exchanged numbers and bade each other farewell. 
When she had returned to Hunter and Bear she couldn't bring herself to tell them how warm he had made her feel. It was embarrassing because she was the one who usually made boys, and even some girls, feel that way. Having a taste of her own medicine was something she hated. To make matters worse she knew that they could never be together since they were about to be in the same band.
"So we're on." Hunter said as he clapped his hands.

Chapter 3

So This Is What It's Called

My first day at school had been strangely uncomfortable but welcoming. Although it was weird, I can honestly say that I know I'm going to enjoy my time here in View Valley. Nobody knows me, who my father was or my story. Nobody looks at me with those sympathetic eyes. 
However there was one boy who looked at me as if he knew me. I think his name is Hunter. It was a bit strange but what was stranger was the fact that he kind of looks like me. Well despite the fact that he's coloured and I'm black he looks exactly like me. Doppelganger- I think that's what they call it. 
Of all the students he was the only one that had tattoos. They covered both of his arms. 
'He's a rebel I can chill with.' I thought out loud. 
Then it hit me that mom would probably want me to avoid company like that. Looking around at the loft and looking back to the week we just had I didn't want to mess up this job up for her. 

Mom's new boss had allowed us to stay at a few of his hotels as we drove down from Jo'burg to Cape Town. In all the 16 years of my life I had never experienced life like that. We were treated like royalty. This was all before mom even started the job so I imagined how things would be once she started earning a salary. Mom didn't want to tell me but I assumed that she was going to receive a high income. That's what she deserved. I mean she didn't spend all those years in university to graduate and receive a degree in accounting for nothing. 
Grabbing my phone off the table I decided that it would best if I gave her a call to let her know of my plans for tonight. Had this been the past I would have just gone out but I promised myself that I would put in maximum effort to be on my best behaviour. 
After a couple of rings mom answered the phone.
"Hello, mom, a couple of friends at school want me to hang out with them at a music show. Is it cool if I go? I might come home late."
"Where are you now, Kenya?"
"At home."
"Okay, kiddo, you can go but don't come back too late." She took in a deep breath.
"Thank you for letting me know. It's up to us to make things right this time, okay?"
"Yes, mom. See you later." 
Putting the phone down I felt relief due to the fact that I wasn't lying to her. 

Around half past four I proceeded downstairs to wait for Raven. When I reached the bottom I saw that she had been already waiting for me inside a black Dodge Chrysler. There were two other people with her. In the distance I couldn't make out their faces.
As I approached towards the car I recognised the driver. It was Hunter. For the majority of my life I could never remember a person's name or face. This time around was different. There was something magical about Raven and Hunter. Next to Hunter, in the passenger seat, sat another boy whom I had never seen before. If he was anything like the company he kept then I knew I was in for a great time.
Raven jumped out the car to greet me. 
Her hair covered her eyes and I could barely see her face. All I could see was her nose ring and her big lips. As we hugged each other I felt a strange sensation to kiss her there and then. Holding myself back I knew that that wouldn't be the best of ideas; especially due to the fact that I had a tendency of getting into fights with guys because they thought I was messing around with their girlfriends. 
Maximum effort, Kenya, I whispered to myself as I followed Raven into the car. 
"Kenyan, meet Bear," she pointed to the boy who sat in the passenger seat. He had the same copper coloured skin as her.  His large physique reminded me of the rugby players in my old school.
"He's my older brother." She said. 
"Really?! Well, it's nice to meet you,  man." I said, to which he replied, 'likewise.'
"This is Hunter," she quickly added. "if I'm not mistaken I think you guys like already know each other, yeah?"
"Yeah." Hunter and I said in unison causing us, both, to laugh.
"My full name is Kenyan but most people call me Kenya."
"Kenya!" All three of them repeated my name. After that little introductory ceremony was over Hunter started up the car and we headed off to our destination.
Nobody wanted to tell me where we were going but I didn't mind because I was enjoying the ride. It felt like I had known these three for years. Conversation was flowing and for the first time in my life I felt like I belonged. 
It didn't take me long to realise that Hunter was the ringleader. Even though he appeared to be emotionless there was a lot of things he was emotional about. I thought that was really cool because I could see that he stood for something. In his eyes I could see a purpose that one would probably dismiss as madness at first glance.
Bear was the craziest and funniest guy I met. It was hard to take him seriously but every now and then a smidgen of genius would fall out from his mouth: 
Like when he told me that in life you never find yourself but you can always create yourself. That really touched me. Then he proceeded by saying that 'we'll always find something to create.'
Raven, I was told, wasn't acting like herself. Her brother joked and said that 'there's no use in showing Kenya your best side because he is gonna see it all.'
I didn't know what he meant by that but I could see that it had struck a nerve with her.  For the rest of the ride, after that, she had remained silent. What I could pick up on was that she was a very sad soul but she wore a mask of happiness extremely well. Being around my mom, and myself, I was able to pick up on people who had been possessed by the spirit of depression. Raven was one of them.  That just made me want to hold her in my arms until everything was okay. I hadn't even realised that I was staring at her. She looked towards me and after brushing the hair away from her face she smiled. While Hunter and Bear spoke loudly about God-knows-what Raven and I stared into each others' eyes. I can't agree to that poetic bullshit about having a conversation between eyes but I can boldly admit that we had made a connection. So much so that I didn't even feel the car come to a halt. 
"Oi! Come back to earth. We're here." Bear said with a laugh. His carefree attitude was something worth envying. 
We jumped out the car. Immediately I knew that this was like no music show I've been to before. We were in an abandoned industrial area. From every corner I could see teenagers running towards one building. As they ran they kicked over buckets that were on the floor. They broke the few windows that were still intact. Like wild animals running to fallen prey they screamed and growled with excitement. Never have I ever seen anything like this. The majority of them had tattoos like Hunter, even the girls had tattoos. Where I was from that was frowned upon. I saw boys with hair longer than some of the girls. I saw boys with piercings. I had seen things I hadn't seen before. It felt like this car had been a spaceship and I was transported into a new world. 
"This is all new to you, Kenya, but it will make sense soon." Hunter spoke. The three of them had allowed me to soak up my surroundings before going towards the warehouse where everyone else was going. They had warned me in the car that  this place had been kept a secret and only a select few had known about its existence. But I must have seen a hundred people go inside and another hundred making their way to the rather small warehouse. 
"I'm ready," I said. 
"Woohoo! Acid time." Bear said
I didn't know what he meant but I made the decision that I was going to find out. 
Walking towards the door every person we passed greeted us as if we were those famous pop stars I saw on television. It was strange. What was stranger was that some of the teenagers were doing drugs that I hadn't even known existed. Weed and alcohol were the only drugs that I knew about. Raven told me of all the names of the drugs that I saw people doing. Heroin, cocaine and acid, it seems, were the most popular choices. She said that the rest of the world didn't even know about these drugs yet. A weird feeling ran through my body.
What are you getting yourself into? A voice in my head asked me but I just ignored it. 
We got to the door where a bouncer who was twice the size as Bear was standing.
Raven pulled out a little rectangular box. Inside of it were tiny pieces of paper. They were square in shape and about the size of a letter on the keyboard of touch screen phones. 
"What's this?" I asked Raven. 
"It's acid," she said as she passed the box to Hunter and Bear who each took out a piece and put it in their mouths. 
"You need to take it to get in." She said with a smile and then put a piece of the acidic paper into her mouth. I didn't know what this acid thing did but I figured that there would be no harm in experimenting. On the piece of a paper that I took there was a smiley face and Raven said that I chose wisely. 
Immediately my mouth felt bitter as the acid made its way into my system.
"Are you guys going to be performing tonight?" The bouncer asked as he waved us in towards the warehouse. I didn't even know they were musicians as well. It was strange. For the whole way to the music show we didn't even speak about music. 
"Maybe," Hunter replied and then added, "just to show our new friend what we can do."

There was a long, dark corridor as soon as we stepped in. The silence was chilling. Even the people that were ahead of us and the ones that followed behind were all silent. It was like an unspoken rule: Remain silent as you proceed.
After what felt like forever we turned right and it felt like we had stepped into a new world. 
There must have been a thousand people in the warehouse. It was strange because from outside, the building didn't even look like it could hold more than a hundred people. 
People jumped, screamed, shouted and shook their heads up and down- in a way that I had never seen before. Even the red lights that flooded the room added to its magical atmosphere. What was even more magical was the sound of music that filled the room. 
Drums that sounded like bombs and bullets gave my body the urge to jump around like a wild person. 
There were accompanied by something that looked like guitars but they weren't the normal acoustic guitar that I, nor the world, were used to. Raven had told me it was an electric guitar and a bass guitar. 
They were new inventions!
I was surprised that the world hadn't known about this yet. The sound that they produced were too good to be true. To my ears it sounded like lawn mowers that were talking to each other in the most aggressive but beautiful language. 
Hunted and Bear disappeared in the crowd but Raven had assured me that she would 'never leave' my side. This was very overwhelming. To meeting new people, to hearing this new genre, to being in this strange place, seeing things for the first time and taking this drug- she knew I needed her. 
Speaking about the drug. Besides its bitter taste I couldn't feel its effect. All I could feel was the music that caused my body to vibrate. This genre was a mixture of blues and other sounds that I haven't heard before. 
Raven grabbed me by my waist and thrust herself towards me. 
"Duuude!" She screamed. "This is Rock 'n' Roll."
So that's what it's called: Rock 'n' Roll, I thought.
"It started in my solar plexus and left the crown of my head. A serpent the size of six men slithered to the crowd ahead. Searching with its silver eyes amongst the red. Searching it found its mark now something is dead."  
I heard the words leave the mouth of the vocalist that jumped around on stage. Then I saw it! From the belly of the vocalist a mist formed. It rose up to his head. As the mist escaped from the crown of his head it formed into the same large serpent that I had seen in my dream. It swayed over the crowd that lifted up their  hands as if to touch the creature that slithered above their heads. 
Raven must had seen how wide my eyes were. 
"You see it too, don't you?" Even over the music I could hear the excitement in her voice.
"Don't worry. It's just the drug kicking in." She comforted me. 
Although it felt so real. Suddenly everything around me started changing. I couldn't tell if it was the reflection of the red lights or if there was an actual fire surrounding us. But I didn't care. All I could focus on was the music. Even my body seemed to be moving on its own accord. 
Looking around I could see the Serpent decrease in size. When it had taken the size of a python it slithered into the belly of a boy who was not so far away from me. Immediately I saw his face contort and his body jerk. When he came to I saw that his eyes were fully silver. For a split second I felt afraid but quickly brushed it off as the drug that made me see that. Since it was an hallucinogen, or so I was told. 
With a conclusion of a heavy drum roll, aggressive guitars and the wild calls of the vocalist the band on stage was done. 
Suddenly as I looked around everyone around me had silver eyes. Even Raven. 
In any normal situation I would have probably found this weird. Tonight was different. I found myself in a world where anything, even the impossible, was achievable. A small part of me wondered if my brown eyes had turned silver or if they remained the same.
"Show me the bathroom please."
"No problem, Kenya."
There was no band on stage and so everybody just mingled around. The red lights turned blue and in turn the whole atmosphere of the room changed. It felt as if we were floating on a cloud. Smoke from all the cigarettes and joints had aided in creating that effect. Many people greeted and praised Raven as we walked towards the bathroom. 
"You're the best."
"I love you, Raven.
"Please bless us, tonight."
The drug in my system caused me to see the words as they came out of the people's mouths. Raven just smiled and waved. Her grip around my arm tightened. 
There had been no one in the bathroom when I stepped in. After urinating I went to the wash my hands. By the sink there were those large mirrors. To my disappointment I saw that my eyes hadn't changed silver. They remained...regular ol' brown. 
Suddenly my reflection began laughing while I stood in shock.
"Don't sulk around, boy, you are a part of this world now." He said in a voice that was too deep and harsh to be my own.
"W-what?"
"Look," he pointed to his eyes and they turned silver. 
"If you want this too then all you have to say is 'enter' and I will." 
"Enter?!" 
As soon as I said that if felt as if the wind had been knocked out of me. I fell to the floor. A mist formed over both my eyes, blinding me. I don't know how long I was out for but when I came to I felt like a new creation. 
I took a look in the mirror. 
"What?"
My eyes were silver. I wasn't sure if I was still hallucinating or what was going on but I felt power move through my entire being. 
When I stepped out of the bathroom I heard everybody cheering. 
"It's time." Raven said before pulling me and rushing towards the stage. 
Bear was behind the drum set and Hunter stood in the front of the stage by the microphone. 
"Raven! Kenya!" He shouted. "Come on down. We don't have all night."
For the first in the night I was afraid and nervous. In this day I had grown accustomed to the secrecy that surrounded my new friends but now I despised it. There were calling me onto stage. Why?
Stop moaning and get on stage, the voice in my head commanded me. It had been the same deep and harsh voice that I heard in the bathroom. 
Raven and I got onto stage. A wave of tranquillity bubbled from within my belly. 
"Everybody, I would like to introduce our newest member, Kenya." Hunter said while pointing at me and then he pointed to the electric guitar.
The roars of the crowd ran through me. My body began to move on its own accord. There was a task that needed to be done. In accordance with my soul my body knew what to do. 
After raising my hand in the air the crowd went silent. Like a predator moving in towards its prey I proceeded towards the guitar. 
I had never played or even heard of electric guitars before. Although as my thumb rested on its neck my fingers knew exactly what notes to hit to tell my story. Nothing else existed within that moment except me, my guitar and the story I had to tell. 
When I was done playing and came back from the world I just created I had been aware of my surroundings again. The room was silent. My eyes could see the expressions, clearly, on every single person's face but I couldn't discern it. 
Raven looked at me with shock in her eyes. Since I hadn't played an electric guitar before I didn't know if I was doing the right thing. Raven ran towards me and gave me a kiss on the cheek. 
"That was the best thing I've ever heard," she said into the microphone. Then chaos erupted. The crowd roared and cheered my name. Hunter and Bear ran towards me and gave me a hug. It was the first time I saw Hunter smile.
"We have our band!" Hunter shouted. This caused the crowd to erupt into an even louder roar than before. If my father had seen me now I know that he would be proud. He always told me to express myself. Well, here I was expressing myself. 
Chapter 4

They are Loch Mo

Without any memory of how I got home I woke up in my bed with only my boxers on. From the clock on my bedside table I saw that the time was one o'clock in the morning. My throat felt dry, my head was pounding and I knew that my dehydrated body was in need of water. Walking towards the door I soon discovered that the door had disappeared. I already knew what would happen next. 
A thick gray mist blanketed the floor. After the mist illuminated the Serpent appeared. As it danced around over my head another figured formed from the ground up. Only this time it was a human figure. When the figure was fully formed I saw that it was my father. Without even thinking about it I ran towards him to give him a hug but to my disappointment I ran straight through him. He looked to be of flesh and bones but he was nothing but vapor. 
My actions must have stirred up an emotion within him. Tears ran down his face as he shook his head. 
"Dad! What's wrong?" 
It's like he wanted to tell me something but couldn't. He just stood there and cried. Even mom,when she hit rock bottom, didn't look this bad. 
From the corner of my eye I could see something coming out of the Serpent's mouth. When I turned my head I saw that it was an acoustic guitar. 
As if this moment was rehearsed my dad walked over to the Serpent and picked up the guitar. After tuning it he handed it over to me. All of this didn't make sense to me. Nothing was said and the silence that fell was like a surprising storm. My gaze moved from the guitar to my dad. Tears still fell down his face. 
"Don't-" he managed to say before he disappeared. 
"Don't mess up." The Serpent shouted. "That's what your father wanted to say." 

"Kenyan! Kenyan!"
Mom was standing by the edge of my bed. By the look on her face I could tell that she had been trying to wake me up, for a while, to no avail. 
It took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the light. As soon as I tried to get out from bed I knew that I was in no position to go to school. Last night really took its toll on me but at the same time I've never felt so alive and powerful. 
"You're not gonna be late on the second day at your new school, kiddo."
"You're right, mom." I tried to monitor the tone of voice. "I don't feel well please let me stay at home."
Mom agreed after a few minutes of ignoring my pleading. She, as well as I, knew that I could afford to miss a day of school. My academic level was above average and I didn't even focus on studying nor on schoolwork.
With much effort I forced myself into the shower and got prepared for my day which I dedicated to doing nothing. 
Grab your guitar and open the door. You're going on a trip, today.
That same deep and harsh voice from last night commanded me. Being the fast learner that I was I knew that it was best I follow the instructions given to me. 
When I had opened the door I saw Raven standing, waiting for me. My presence had made her jump with joy like a child that received a mountain of presents for Christmas. I saw Hunter and Bear inside the car. The fact that they had skipped school didn't even surprise me. Rebels didn't care about the rules.
"You look cute in your boxers." Raven said before hitting my bum causing me to jump with fright.
"What are talking about?" 
"Who do you think tucked you into bed?"
I was filled with embarrassment. It turns out that I passed out on stage last night. That explained the aching I felt in my bones. 
We got into the car. Hunter and Bear greeted me with praises, saying that they had never heard anyone play an electric guitar the way I did. Even the guitarists that had been used to playing with the instrument couldn't match up to what I had done, so I was told. 
We got to Hunter's apartment. It was strange that a 16 year old boy had his own apartment but I didn't pry.
Hunter stayed in a loft apartment as well. Although his place was filled with weird artefacts, old books and strange instruments. Bear ran towards the drums like he had been reunited with the love of his life. 
"This is my apartment slash our rehearsal room." Hunter said as he nodded towards Bear who was using the drumsticks to get a good stretch in his body. Then he started: 1 2 3 4; 1 2 3 4.
He accented the beat on the second and fourth beat in the first measure and the third and fourth beat in the second.
This repeated for a while and then Bear started going faster and faster. He hands and arms were moving so fast that it even looked like he was moving in slow motion.  Although the sound was evident of his speed. It sounded like bombs dropped and bullets fired in a thunderstorm. When  Bear had finished I even looked at him differently. For the first time I was able to take him seriously and I loved it. 
Raven picked up the bass guitar. She began playing and controlling this instrument that was foreign to me. Her eyes sparkled with contagious happiness. 
After her solo Bear accompanied her with drums while Hunter began singing:
"Heart flutters in a moment gone too soon
My hands shake spraying an explosion of perfume
Praying in front of Heaven's gate
With certainty & scent of fumes
Reminding me I'm ready 
For this deadly date
A winking one eyed woman signals me into a room
Falling in love? I've fallen too late
If fun doesn't start now know what will begin
A long descent down?
Down, down, down!
I dare you Mister Devil let me in."
His voice was harsh and raw but it was amazing. With his addition of screaming, wailing and shouting he gave a new way of expressing yourself. Even the most famous blues singers would be surprised by his voice. 
A few minutes passed and I picked up the electric guitar and we began jamming. We created a world. Each one of us were equally responsible for the contribution to its creation. Each one of us knew that this is where we belonged. Suddenly school, life and family were concepts I was starting to rethink. 

When we had finished jamming it was decided that we would go down to the forest. 'It is something that needs to be done,' were Hunter's exact words. Driving past the sea towards the forest I was still uncertain what 'something' was. Once again I was making a decision unaware of how it would affect the outcome of my destiny. However this moment, now, was the only thing that mattered to me. 
The trees in the forest were taller than most buildings I had seen in my hometown. They appeared to be ancient artefacts kept in storage by the earth, away from human civilization. Safe!
"Duuudes," Raven said as we got out of the car. "Let's give Mother Nature her fair share." 
Bear passed her a Ziplock filled with weed. She took out a handful of the illegal substance. After crushing it, for a few seconds, she blew a little bit of it into the air and then rolled the rest up so that we could smoke. 
Smoking wasn't my thing because it seemed to make me lazy and slow. But Hunter said 'trust me, you want to be high for what's going to happen next,' and so I puffed away when the joint made its way to me. My throat felt the smoke bash against it but it was a feeling that I enjoyed. After inhaling a few times I felt my eyes become low and heavy.
Paranoia hit me hard. 
What are we doing here?
What if we get caught? 
What if Raven thinks I look ugly because I feel ugly? 
So many questions ran through my mind but it took a couple of Bear's jokes to make me feel at ease. 
Before we reached our destination I knew exactly where we were going. A hundred metres away from us I could see a large fire. It seemed to be under control because the flames didn't spread to the rest of the forest. 
"We're gonna be together, forever," Raven whispered to me. Her statement made me float with happiness but gravity did it's duty. I knew this wasn't right. 
"No!" I said as I stopped walking. Something had been said to me a couple of years back. This very moment had triggered that memory. In regards to me getting into trouble and getting into fights my mom said that I was like someone who saw a fire ahead but still carried on walking towards it even though I knew I was going to get burned. Well- not this time.
"It occurred to me that I'm the only one who doesn't know what I'm doing here," I shouted. I was even slightly surprised by the projection of my voice. 
"If we want to be a successful band then I need to know the truth. I'm not stupid." With a feeling of disgust I shook my head because I knew I was anything but stupid. 
"I know that whatever you guys are involved in is dark and dangerous. I know you've seen and done things that humans, especially teenagers, shouldn't see. But you know what? I don't care." They stood silent with their eyes fixed on the ground as I spoke. They hung onto each of my words.
"So let me know what's up because I've decided that I am with you guys. You need to decide if you're with me."
The moment of silence that passed was broken by Hunter. His apology had humbled me because he didn't strike me as someone that ever apologised for his actions. As the words fell out his mouth they sounded foreign on his lips. 
Once we had been on the same page then he had started explaining.
It turns out that we were in the forest to perform a binding spell. A spell that would  bind our souls together. This meant that we would be able to make the best songs because we would have one imagination but we would access it through different points. It also meant that we would be able to make more spells together. On the downside the Master, as Hunter called him, would assign a strong man to control all four of us. Whatever he said needed to be done. I told Hunter of the voice that I heard in my head from time to time and he said that they all heard different voices but now we would all be able to hear the same one. Another disadvantage was that we needed to be within 10km of each other or else our bodies would begin to shut down. 
Despite protests from the soft spoken voice in my mind I decided to proceed anyway. 
You're in too deep to turn back now. The deep and harsh voice consoled me. 
When we got to the fire, that stood about three metres high, I was surprised that the heat had no affect on us. 
We stood shoulder to shoulder in front of the flames. Bear pulled out a hunting knife and a wooden wine cup from his backpack. After cutting his hand he squeezed his fist over the cup. He passed  the cup to Raven who did the same and then she passed it to me. When we had all cut ourselves our blood had filled the cup to the brim. Hunter walked towards the flame. In a language that was foreign to me he began shouting. In fact the words that escaped his mouth sounded like no language spoken on this earth. A few minutes passed and then Hunter threw the cup into the fire. Immediately all four of us fell to the ground. A vibration formed within my belly causing me to shake. From the corner of my eye I could see that it had been happening to all of us. A white mist fell over our eyes.
My name is Beedesdabee. 
A sweet voice filled within my mind. Due to the conversation I had had earlier with Hunter I knew that they could hear her too.
I am appointed by the Serpent, our Master, himself. So whenever I talk you should treat it as if the Master is talking. 
Even though her voice was sweet her authority was undeniably evident.
When the time is right I will present myself to you. Until then I will operate within your minds.
The Master and I have chosen a name for you. 
From this day on, the name of your band with be Loch Mo. 
Your name is given in honour and remembrance of Moloch.
Your first assignment will be given to you guys shortly. I advise you, for the success of our kingdom, that you do not mess it up.
Chapter 5

Within the Organization

Wake up!
Usually mom had been the one to wake me up although this time it was Beedesdabee. Since she dwelled in our minds it was easy for her to order us around and to ensure that we complete our tasks. 
Taking a look at my clock, through half open eyes, I saw that the time was 3 o'clock.
Unaware why I had been woken up I sat up on my bed. Through my mind the events that had occurred earlier were displayed. It was a bit scary that my soul was bound to my new found friends. Since we needed to be in a certain proximity with each other I was glad that we all stayed close to each other. Things would have been intense had we not. I felt like a man married to a woman he just met a couple months ago. If its real then you know, right? With much needed effort I was able to transition to happy thoughts like music. 
Good. 
Beedesdabee said without warning causing me to jump up. I needed to get used to this. 
Now that you're awake I need you to get dressed. 
'Why?' I asked as I looked up at my clock again. Thirty minutes had passed since I woke up but to me it felt as short as five minutes. 
Do as you are told, Kenyan! 
Beedesdabee had the sweetest most  authorative voice I have ever heard. Taking orders and following the rules were things that I had a problem with doing. Althoughbythe tone of her voice I knew that she wasn't someone you would want to disobey.
Hurry up. 
With that being said I put on my black jeans and a vest. After struggling to find socks I, silently, made my way out of the apartment.

Beedesdabee's directions had led me to View Valley's dockyard. A part of me felt slightly afraid because I knew that anything was possible within this world that I had been immersed in. Everything I knew about the life and the world had changed. It all happened on that night I had that dream.
"Kenyan." 
I recognised the voice that called me. Turning around I tried to find the source of the sound. 
There she was- standing just a few metres away. 
A women with golden peach skin. Dressed in an expensive black skirt suit. Having her brunette hair tied up in a bun gave the impression that she was a high class businesswoman. Although I don't think any sane woman (read human) would be in such a place at 4 o'clock in the morning. 
"Who are you?" I called out. Within the blink of an eye she stood about a foot away from me. My body jerked involuntarily due to the shock of her speed. Although her beauty was the only thing I focused on. Due to her symmetrical face, brownish green eyes, protruding pink lips and dimples she seemed too perfect- too, too perfect. 
"I'm Beedesdabee." 
My eyes widened. I remember that she said she would present herself when the time was right but I just didn't think it would be so soon. 
"What's the purpose of us being here? When are the rest going to get here?"
"Only you and I can know about this, Kenyan!" The seriousness of her statement was evident in her eyes. 
"Your father wants you to know that you made a huge mistake selling your soul to the Serpent."
"W-what?"
"What's done is done but I guess it can work in our favour since you're the only one who can defeat him, Kenyan." She said in one breath before adding, "but before that I need to equip you with all you need to know." 
Her words took me aback. All I want to do is to make music, express myself and explore the world. I don't want to be caught up in a battle against a serpent made of mist; especially when that serpent is the master of millions of followers. Apparently, I was told, he is my master too since I signed on that dotted line but that doesn't mean I will praise him in my heart. On the contrary, just because I don't see him as my master doesn't mean that I will go into battle against him.
"You know- I still have access to your mind. I know you're reluctant to go against the Serpent but we need you. You're the only one who can do this."
She softened her 'touch act' and displayed vulnerability. In her eyes I could see desperation.
"They are many people like me within the Organization that oppose of its views."
"So what do we do now?" I asked.
Within the passing of a second she was in front of me. She was so close I could feel the warmth of her breath on my lips.
She brought her head, slowly, towards me and pressed her lips against mine. I could feel a smile creep upon my face as we pulled back. Although that smile quickly faded when I opened my eyes. Within the blink of an eye we were transported to a room. This room looked like a regular apartment but it wasn't. There wasn't a door. There was only a desk and 2 chairs.
There were no other rooms, no signs of life, just one light that hung above the desk. On the walls, I could see strange geometrical symbols drawn with white chalk. 
"Where are we?" I couldn't help but ask. 
"We are away from the Serpent's reach." She said with a smile before gently biting her bottom lip.
"Now, let me tell you about this world that you've stumbled into. Let me tell you who controls this world." She took a pause to take a breath. 
"They're called the Organization."

School had come by faster than I would have liked. With the information that Beedesdabee had given me still fresh within my mind I couldn't concentrate. All I could think about was the Organization and how they were involved within every aspect of the world. From politics to religion; from entertainment to education. 
'They are here, they are there. They are nowhere and yet everywhere,' were her exact words when I asked her about their location. It didn't take me long to realise that I was a part of them too. I felt stupid for being dragged into something this intense. Although I knew I was too deep in to turn back now. At least my success as a musician is guaranteed. But 'at what cost' is the million rand question. Well I've made my decision and now I have to live with the outcome of my choices. 
'New World Order,' was her answer when I asked her what "our" purpose was. Although after laughing she said that my purpose was to defeat the Serpent. She didn't tell me how or why because 'in time all will be revealed,' were her words.
When the bell rings for break time- sign up for the talent show.
Looking over at Hunter, who gave me a nod, I could tell that he had heard Beedesdabee's command too. A part of me felt guilty that I was keeping a secret from him and the rest of the band. Then I remembered how they had kept secrets from me. Secrets that led me in this mess in the first place. They're probably still keeping secrets from me. 
As soon as the bell rang Hunter and I ran towards the hall to sign up for the talent show which was on Friday night. Bear and Raven met us there. The four of us, together, had caused many raised eyebrows. I initially thought I was in the clear from all the talk and stares but soon discovered that I wasn't. A rugby boy in my first period had voiced his concerns to me. He said that ever since my arrival at school Bear had disowned all his friends. He was worried because the rugby season was starting and since Bear was captain his contribution to the team was crucial in their success. I felt guilty because there was nothing I could do. Music was everything to us. It was the majority of all that we cared about. Our souls were bound so being together was a must. This was something that normal people wouldn't understand. My guilt turned to sympathy. These simple town folk will never experience the power that we have, I thought to myself, but quickly rebuked myself for having such a thought. In that moment the wordsBeedesdabee told me in the morning had resurfaced in my mind. She said that even though I have to make music with my band- I mustn't get too close to them. So I had all this power but I felt like a pawn in a game I didn't want to play. In her words I was a "soldier in a war" and I couldn't mess up because the world depended on me. To me this was strange. I didn't understand why I first had to destroy the world before I could fix it. 
It's the way of the Organization, Kenyan. 
Beedesdabee had reminded me. Each member of the Organization had one thought in mind: To control the world. This very same thing was what caused so much division between the members. Had things been running smoothly then Rock and Roll, amongst other things, would have been introduced to the world years ago. Although the politicians in the Organization had made sure that blues and pop were the main genres in music. So it was up to bands like us, Loch Mo, to show the Serpent the power of Rock and Roll. If we could show him the power of influence it had then we would move up the ladder. So Beedesdabee had warned us of how crucial the talent show was. 

*

The walls of her room were covered in photos of Kenya. Every inch of the four walls were covered. Some of the photos were taken candidly but she didn't like them because they were blurry. Her favourite photos were the ones she printed off from Facebook. Dried up rose petals were all scattered on her floor. Even though the sun shone outside she drew her dark curtains and sat with a candle on. A part of her knew that this wasn't normal behavior but she couldn't help herself. It had been easy when she could see him everyday but ever since he left- her urge and desperation to be with him had increased seven fold. When he left he took with him a part of her that she felt she could never have back unless she was with him again. Maybe it was because her mother was addicted to alcohol and her father was addicted to work that she adopted this addictive personality. Deep down she knew that even her parents would freak out if they saw the state she was in.  Although she didn't care. Her parents were never home and when they were they focused on things like work and increasing their wine collection; everything except their daughter. There was a chef, a couple of domestic workers and a butler to order around but she still felt lonely and worthless especially in a house (read mansion) like the one she lived in. Only within her room, surrounded by Kenya, was she able to feel  like she belonged. Like a zombie she walked towards her vanity table. After taking a seat she looked at her reflection. Disappointed! She knew she was beautiful but that didn't matter because the only guy she wanted didn't want her. She looked at the bouquet of roses on the table and picked it up. It was the butler's duty to bring her a dozen roses everyday- this was her orders. The butler didn't protest but he was worried about the girl. She had been missing so many days of school. Some days he would stand by the door and listen as she would proceed with her daily ritual of saying 'he loves me; he loves me not' while she ripped of the rose petals. Although, today, he decided to leave as soon as he gave her the roses. Seeing her act this way broke his heart because he had been with her since she was a child. He knew that she always got what she wanted. 
"He loves me not," she said while ripping off a rose petal.
How can he love you? 
At first she was startled by the sweet voice that she heard. After looking around to find the source of the sound she confirmed that it had been a voice in her head when she heard it ask the same question again. 
"What?" She asked a loud.
He doesn't even know about your feelings and you didn't ask him if he has feelings for you. Stop being depressed and act on it.
"I don't know what to do. I don't even know where he is-" she suddenly stopped because she felt like she was going mad talking to herself. 
I know where he is but if I tell you then you have to come.
"I promise- I swear I'll come!"

Since our souls were bound together there was no need for band rehearsal. That was something I was against but Beedesdabee reminded me not to get too close to them. In her words 'it's too late to save them' so I just needed to focus on myself and my duties. Even so, I still felt bad for lying to them. I was so deep in thought that I didn't even hear my mom come into the apartment. It took her a few attempts to call my name before she got my attention. We spoke for a few minutes before she went into her room to change out of her work clothes. I couldn't bring myself to tell her about the talent show that was on Friday. That would be stupid. Even though I didn't know what the task was I knew that it would be dangerous. Since this was our opportunity to go mainstream I knew that we had to do something big. Whatever it was I didn't want her to be there. She saw her husband get lost to music and I didn't want her to see me go down the same fate.  After mom went to her room to change out of her work clothes she sat next to me in the TV room. Flipping through the channels she settled on the six o'clock news. My eyes were fixed on the screen but my mind was focused on the talent show. Just then something caught my eye. I recognised the boy on the television screen.
"The Rensburg family case has been solved. In an unsuspected turn of events Ryno Rensburg has been arrested for the murder of his family."
As the news anchorman spoke I tried to rake through my mind in an attempt to recover the memory of where I knew this boy from. Although as soon as he replied to a journalist's question of 'why did you do it' then I remembered him. He spoke of metallic beasts that sang to him while he was surrounded by a fire in a crowd of people with silver eyes. I knew that I saw him by the music show. He was the boy who the Serpent had entered into.
"This is just sad," mom said while she shook her head. I had to agree with her. Even though I knew that it wasn't his fault that he killed his parents. It was the Organization's fault. A sudden righteous anger filled within my body. I wanted to destroy the Serpent even more now. Looking over at my mom I couldn't imagine hurting her. 
"I'm glad I have you, kiddo." She said with a wink and a smile. 
"We haven't had it easy but I'm happy with how you turned out." She added.
If only you knew, I thought, if only you knew of the mess that I'm in.
Chapter 6

Bye View Valley High (The Talent Show)

Friday had come by in the blink of an eye. School wasn't a regular day because everybody was preparing for the show. The atmosphere was celebratory. Every student seemed to be happy for the first time. Every student except for me. Myself and the rest of my band mates still didn't know what our task was. All we knew was that it was tonight. A part of me felt like I was going to make the biggest mistake of my life- along with joining the Organization. It was too late for me to turn back now. Even though I knew that my decisions sealed my fate I decided that I would enjoy the ride. If my final destination was where I thought it would be then the only paradise I'd ever know was the paradise that I created now. Before this whole experience I didn't believe in heaven or hell. Now I stood firm in the belief that I was damned.
"Are you okay, Kenyan?" A girl named Sue asked me. We were within the group that was assigned with setting up the hall as the venue for the talent show. My self pity and depression seemed to be evident on my face. Although I was the only one invited to my pity party.
"Yes, I'm okay," I lied. The words sounded  too unconvincing for my liking. Even Sue could pick up on it. She walked from the stage, where she was hanging ribbons and other decorations, to where I was- sorting out the chairs. One half was reserved for the students and the other half was reserved for the parents. I was grateful that my mom was not coming tonight. 
Within Sue's eyes I saw a fire that burned. It didn't appear to be harmful like the fire of the Serpent's eyes. It was like her eyes were a fireplace in the middle of winter. All I could do was stare and crave for this fire, in the same way that I craved to have silver eyes. 
"I don't know what you believe in but let me tell you something." As she spoke I was surprised by the power and authority in her voice; it wasn't as evident as Beedesdabee's voice but it was still evident. Sue didn't demand attention but it was hard not to give it to her. It was hard not to notice the radiant glow that seemed to shine from within her. Although in some way it frightened me.
"God loves you," she said while placing her hand on my shoulder. "He can restore your soul."
"What the hell are you talking about?!" I cried out defensively. My cry attracted the attention of other students in the hall.  This made me feel bad- slightly- because Sue was such a sweet girl. But how did she know that I sold my soul! I didn't speak to anybody and here she was telling me that my soul can be restored. Can it be restored? Really? My blood began to boil. I was more offended than I was angry. It felt like she was teasing me for the decisions that I ignorantly made.
"You know," she said as she squeezed her hand that was on my shoulder- causing me to relax, "the Devil's trick is to make you believe that you've sold your soul. Once you believe that then he can make you do anything." She shook her head while looking up to the ceiling as if she was in recollection of distant, painful memories.
"Those little things, Kenyan, those little things that he asks you to do, they break away pieces of your soul until there's nothing left."
"It's too late for me or my soul, Sue, so do yourself a favour and save someone else." As the words exited my mouth I was surprised at how harsh they came across. Although she didn't seemed to be bothered. She just sat there with a smile on her face. Her eyes pierced through me. I wanted to believe her but with the things that Beedesdabee had told me about the Organization I couldn't. The Organization had members everywhere in this world and in the next. They could do anything and everything because they controlled the world both physically and spiritually. An organization of monsters, demons and men who were held together by one purpose: to serve the Serpent- the Master.
"It's never too late. You wanna know why?"
"Why?" I asked immediately.
"If you decide to give yourself over to Jesus-"
"No!" The word shot out of my mouth and cut her sentence short. Although it wasn't me who said it; Beedesdabee spoke through me. 
By now the smile on Sue's face had faded. Whatever she saw on my face made her walk away in fear. I tried to call out to her but my body (read Beedesdabee) wouldn't allow me to do so. Instead she made me get up and walk out of the hall. In my mind I pleaded for her to let me operate on my own accord but she just ignored me. This was the first time that she was in full control of my body. Then it hit me that it wasn't. I knew that the only reason I was able to play guitar in the way I did was because I was possessed.

Beedesdabee had led me to the basement  that was by the lab block of our school. This part of the school was empty. If Beedesdabee was planning to show herself then this would be the ideal time and place for her to do so. As I stepped into the basement I could feel that the ownership of my body was returning to me. Every part of me wanted to turn around and run away from this dark basement. Although every part of me knew that my flight would be of no avail. My fight, however, could prove to bring purpose to my existence.
Your fight is against the Serpent- not me. Just remember that. 
Expecting to see her in person I was surprised to hear her in my mind. I thought this was another one of our secret meetings. 
Then I saw her!
A knife was in her hand. That was the first thing I saw as she stepped out the shadows. The second thing I noticed was that this wasn't Beedesdabee. 
"Megan!" I cried out. "What the hell are you doing here? What's with the knife?" 
Instinctively I lifted up my hands and bent my knees in a defensive stance. 
"This is the same knife that Bobby tried to stab you with. You could have died but you chose life." The knife was in the palm of her open hand. Her eyes were fixed on it as she spoke. 
"I want you to choose the same, today." She said while stretching out her hand towards me. With a nod she indicated that I take the knife. Confusion hit me hard as if its aim was to cause a concussion. All I could do was shake my head left and right to express my protest. Even though I was unaware of what I was required to do with the knife. 
Kill her! Beedesdabee ordered.
"I can't." I quickly shouted, surprised at how scared my voice sounded.
"You can." Megan said.
A smile crept on her face. In a cat-like manner she swiftly walked closer to me and placed the knife in my hand.
"Why?" As I asked my eyes began to burn. Tears formed thus causing my vision to become blurry. With certainty I knew that this task had to be done and that's what killed me. Sue's words ran in my mind but they exited as fast as they entered. 
"You have so much power in you, Kenyan, the only way to get it is by breaking away at the unnecessary pieces." She gave me a peck on my lips. Her skin felt cold against mine.
"If I can help you defeat the Serpent then I will and then we can be together." Without giving me a second to respond she wrapped her hand around my hand and sent the knife crashing into her throat. For the next few seconds I was frozen while I heard her exhale her last breath. I saw the life leave her eyes and felt her warm blood cover my hands. 
As she fell to the floor so did I. 
"You did good, Kenyan, you needed to do this to be strong especially for tonight."
Beedesdabee appeared out of nowhere. From the corner of my eyes I saw that she had a bunch of clothes in her hand that she dropped onto a chair in the corner. Although I didn't care about that. I couldn't turn my head away from Megan. The fact that she was alive a few minutes ago- the fact that she  had died because of me was something I knew I would never get over. 
"No one will find you. You need to mourn." She said before disappearing and taking Megan with her. If it hadn't been for the pool of blood that slowly crept towards me I wouldn't have believed that this happened. Megan's blood made its way to where I lay on the floor although I couldn't move. My guilt paralyzed me. Before I knew it I began sobbing like I've never sobbed before. I cried for Megan, for her family, for my family, for the people affected by the Organization and for all the things yet to come. I cried mostly for myself. I have become something that even I don't recognise.

*

"Where's Kenya?" 
"He's at the back with the rest of the band, Miss Matthews." Hunter answered.
His answer was given to him by the voice in his head. In truth he hadn't seen Kenya since this morning. In fact nobody had seen Kenya since he had left the hall after his 'altercation' with Sue. That was around the second period. Now it was a few minutes before the talent show started.
"I was actually surprised when you called me because Kenya didn't tell me anything about a talent show today."
"I'm sure he had his reasons." Hunter said.
"Can you believe that he also didn't tell me that he was friends with my boss's son?!"
"Well on his behalf I don't really like talking about my father, Miss Matthews."
"Even so, his secrecy these days is strange." Kenya's mom said.
That's my cue to leave, Hunter thought and with that in mind he said goodbye. 
All he could think about was Kenya's whereabouts as he walked towards the back of the stage where the rest of the acts were. Even Beedesdabee hadn't been available. He was slightly afraid because he didn't want to mess up this opportunity. 
When he got to the room that was reserved for Loch Mo he was half expecting to see Kenya sitting there with Bear and Raven. His expectation fueled his disappointment because he didn't see him there. Loch Mo were the last act to perform so there was time but that didn't aid in calming him down. 
"We still don't know our task." Bear said in order to kill the silence that fell heavy upon the room. Although his attempt was in vain because Raven and Hunter ignored him. Each one of them were active inside their own minds. Raven was worried about Kenya even though she knew he was safe. She could still feel the spiritual tie that bound the band. However, that wasn't enough. She wanted to go out and look for him- again- like she spent the majority of her day doing but she convinced herself not to. The fact that she didn't see him the whole day had caused her to sink deeper into her depression. Her hands craved the touch of his skin and the feel of his hair. Her eyes craved the delight of his presence. Her ears craved the music that he was capable of making. Every part of her craved him.
Where are you, Kenya, she thought. They were about five minutes away from performing.  In that moment he walked into the room. 
"Oh my god!" Raven cried out as soon as she saw him. "What have you done?"
It was Kenya's body but Kenya wasn't inside. Bear and Hunter could see this too.  Whatever happened to Kenya was like nothing any of them had seen and they have seen it all. From mermaids in the city in the sea to monsters in the forests; to witches and demons. Their eyes were used to it all but Kenya surprised them. Even though he looked the same they could feel his energy. His energy was the most powerful thing they felt. That fact scared Hunter but it also enticed him.
"I know what our task is." As soon as Kenya spoke the three dropped to the ground. Every detail of their task was now within their minds and grasp. 
When they came to, it was their time to perform. 
With the help of some of the students the band and their equipment made their way to the stage. When Raven and Kenya pulled out their guitars from the cases the crowd went silent. Each person tried to inspect the foreign instruments. Hunter was standing behind the microphone. Without movement or words he demanded attention. Without warning Bear started beating on his drums. It sounded like a melodic drumroll; like organised chaos. Kenya, Raven and Hunter stood with eyes closed and just nodded their heads. Bear's drums were invoking the spirits within his band. Even some of the students in the crowd couldn't resist the urge and stood to their feet. In a few seconds those very same students were jumping around like animals. After a minute of Bear's drum solo Kenya and Raven joined in the ceremony. Kenya's guitar sounded like a series of screeching cars, trains braking and angels screaming while Raven's guitar  sounded like giants running. By now the majority of the students were jumping around the hall and throwing their chairs around. Even the other acts ran from backstage to the hall as Hunter began singing. 

"Life Death is breath hanging on tip of tongue
Noose ever so slightly loose 'round my neck
Reminds demons inside of things I've done 
Tell me in time after time who to wreck 

Path's set in diamonds stones and broken bones 
Scriptures spells Serpent secured my spot 
Seeing things in spirit my soul atones 
While my flesh consumed by Death starts to rot 

Afterlife's true so too are dimensions
In realms with folks that laugh you think there's one 
More than me bigger are my extensions 
Existing in me best pray to that son

Your days have come to an end thanks to fire 
Your afterlife's listed under Unknowns
Everyone lies believe I'm no liar
Dying we sting you then make honeycombs

Bye View Valley High we miss you then roam
Just know when salt touch snails they turn to foam," he sang.
His voice filled the entire hall and sunk into the hearts and minds of everyone. A few minutes ago the parents were looking at the students' behaviour in disgust but now they joined them. Everyone seemed to be enjoying this new sound of music called Rock 'n' Roll. Everyone except for Kenya's mother. She knew her son was a decent guitar player but the person she saw before her was not her son. That much was apparent to her. Call it a mother's intuition but she knew that whatever Kenya was involved was of an evil nature. She knew this because she had seen her husband suffer the same fate. 
After a few minutes Hunter and Raven walked off the stage. Due to the mesmerising sound that came from Kenya and Bear everybody placed their focus on them. They had never seen or heard anything similar to Loch Mo's performance. So they wanted to soak up every second of it.
Without anyone noticing Hunter and Raven locked the only two exits out of the hall with heavy chains and then proceeded backstage. Kenya and Bear said their goodbyes to the crowd and joined their bandmates. As they left the crowd roared for them to return.
Backstage there had been eight canisters of gasoline waiting for them. Kenya emptied out a whole canister on the floor. Raven lit a cigarette. After taking a couple of drags she threw it onto the floor and a large fire erupted.
Laughing and screaming with excitement Loch Mo ran around the school. Armed with gasoline and lighters they sent the school into a roar of flames. When their task had been done they ran out of the back of the school which led into the forest. Within theirs minds was the certainty that the firefighters, the police officers and journalists within the Organization would make them appear to be the only survivors of this 'freak of nature accident' that burned the school and students to ash. Nobody would suspect them of committing the crime. Everyone would listen to their story. Thus they could tell the world the story of Loch Mo.
*********
Chapter 7 

Kristine & Her Cello

Ten years passed since the incident at View Valley High School. Rock music had become the biggest genre the world had ever seen. It wasn't just a genre; it was a movement. It was a movement that aided in the toppling of governments, it gave confidence to the insecure and it gave purpose to the defiant. With already a billion followers it gained new supporters everyday.
Loch Mo were the forerunners of that very movement. With eight albums under their belt that went platinum they were the highest selling musicians in the history of music. At first glance the band appeared to be four people that got everything they ever wanted. Upon inspection it was clear that despite the fame, the money and the praises they received their unhappiness hardened into a deep rooted depression. Seeing things that humans shouldn't see; doing things that shouldn't be done will eventually take its toll on you. Their lives were flooded and filled with lust, death and drugs. Being soulless, they sat shotgun in their own bodies. In Bear's words 'we're not mere mortals, we're housing demons, we're organic portals.' Control was only given to them when the spotlight was taken off of them. Thus meant that the only time when they could be their true selves was when they weren't performing, doing interviews or recording new songs. Suicide had been a recurring thought within the group especially for Raven. All she wanted was to live in an exotic island with Kenya. Instead of having demons residing in her womb she wanted to carry his baby. Unfortunately she knew that this would never happen. Beedesdabee had made it clear from the start that she could never be with him. Even in the duration of the ten years that passed she constantly reminded her and took delight in this fact. Beedesdabee was the band's manager. She appeared to them physically but still had access into their minds. A trait that everyone except Kenya despised. 


Each member had their own "speciality." This was something that was given to them after the completion of their first task: 
The burning of View Valley High School.
Seh, the sister with the blue lips, was in charge of the band's transformation. Despite her protests Raven became the biggest sex symbol in the world. Her role was to spread lust, adultery and fornication. And spread it- she did. Men craved her; women wanted to be her. Worldwide her web of lust was spread. Loch Mo's success was based on the fact that they had specialised in their roles which was dedicated to the destruction of the world in order to reach a new order. It wasn't even about the music anymore. 

"Inevitable Invitation; Vital Visitation

There's no warm embrace before Winter's end
With two left feet Silly I dance on edge 
In need of saving things I shouldn't spend
My general ledger hangs on a ledge 

Discovering time is always moving 
Set sadness awakens me in alarm
Uncovering truth behind my doing
Wasting time's equal to self righteous harm

With nothing but spirits present on breath 
Straight paths ahead tend to curve and bend 
Inviting in inevitable death 
This undoubtedly the undying end 

Rough hands stretching towards welcoming light 
Causing lines to reflect on my forearm 
Dropping red colour of divine delight 
Bombs that blossom Spring sprung me to disarm 

Lesson to learn: lessen horrific harm
'Fore trumpet's blown; that deadly alarm"

When Kenya had finished his poem the crowd screamed in praise and excitement. Being on the Talk with Tobias Show was an honour for Kenya. It was the only talk show that he felt was 'still genuine' in his opinion. In his eyes it offered a platform for people in the spotlight to voice their own opinions instead of having their words twisted and controlled. Although he knew that that was a fate he was destined to. A world of being twisted and controlled was all he knew. So anything that gave him the opportunity to shy away from that, even slightly, he would do anything to grasp it.
"I repeat, your poetry and your work is beyond amazing- to a point where it's even scary how good it is. Well, I won't keep you any longer, Mr Matthews, I know you have a charity event to get to but I just would like to ask a question in closing."
"Well, Tobias, you are my favourite talk show host, so do continue." Kenya said.
"I'm flattered because you're my favourite person," Tobias said with a smile while batting his eyes. His long fake eyelashes made this gesture even more noticeable. Tobias was a professional. One of the most famous talk show hosts. However his professionalism went out the window while interviewing Kenya. Due to the fact that he had a crush on him he gave compliments that were not usually heard from interviewer to interviewee (especially not from a man to another man- on live television.) Everyone could see Tobias's infatuation but everyone understood because it was aimed at Kenya, after all. 
"We all know that the A.N.B party would still be in power today if you hadn't rallied against them and joined forces with the Z.A party. What's your view on the relationship between musicians and politicians." Tobias removed his earpiece because he couldn't stand his producers shouting at him to be serious. He knew his job. More than that he knew that he was good at it. Their orders was the last thing he needed right now. For once, let me have fun- he thought.
"Musicians and politicians, for me, are one in the same," Kenya said immediately.
"Both- sing the songs people want and need to hear. Both- only have power because the people give it to them. Both- have the power to control, change and save the world." Kenya said before taking a sip of water that was on the table. His reply had caused the crowd to applaud with approval. 
"Who knows, I might just run for president." Kenya added 
"You definitely have my vote." Tobias said before adding, "thank you so much for coming out to the today. You truly have been the best guest."
At this the crowd cheered Kenya's name as he walked off the set. In their eyes he was not only a musician but a savior because he challenged political parties. It was evident that the well-being of his fellow countrymen was of high importance to him. This trait had made Kenya favourable amongst the people because he appeared to genuinely care. If only they knew that that was far from the truth. The truth was that Kenya had become complacent with the evil that was within and around him. 

As soon as I stepped off the set of the Talk with Tobias Show I felt the ownership of my body return to me. It didn't bother me that I shared my body with multiple beings. Even though they had been the cause of my depression I've learned to befriend them ever since Beedesdabee taught me how to control them. Even though I had more power than anyone within the Organization I needed to keep it on a low profile. It was crucial in destroying the Serpent, I was told. There was one more seal within my solar plexus to break before I could unleash the beast that lay dormant within me. This beast would aid in the defeat of the Serpent. Raven, Bear and Hunter knew of my power because they could feel a small portion of it. They didn't know how, why or when I became so powerful. More importantly they didn't know the true extent of my power. They didn't know that I could teleport or that I could move objects with my mind. My diet was the only downside. In order to keep my power I needed to drink blood. The more power I used, the more blood I needed to consume. That was something that still bothered me but I knew that it was something that needed to be done. My band members didn't know about any of this. I couldn't tell them in fear that they would tell the members within the Organization. In truth I simply couldn't (read shouldn't) trust them. 
All the years of spells and sacrificing virgins had changed us for the worst.
Looking down at my watch I determined I had about 30 minutes before I needed to be by the charity event. I took a few steps out of the building. At my orders my personal driver had parked on the next street. It was a decision that I soon regretted. To my surprise I saw a swarm of people with signs that read: NO LOCH MO! 
Like ants drawn to a drop of honey, they surrounded me. Each one shouting the words they felt I needed to hear.
"God is going to punish you."
"You're killing our children."
"Shame on you."
"Shame on you."
"Kenya, you need Jesus!"
"You're going to hell."
As if I was a dear caught in the headlights I remained frozen. With mind power,alone, I could have made each and every single person drop to their knees but I knew that that wouldn't be wise. Instead of feeling anger, their words made me feel guilt. Everything they said was true. Aware of the attention I was receiving from paparazzi I ran as fast as I could. When I had entered into an alleyway and had determined I was out of sight I teleported into the building that was in front of me. It was a risky move that paid off because I was in a bathroom that was fortunately empty. Exiting from the bathroom I saw I was in a library. As fast as I could I made my way out. I could still see the crowd proceeding towards the alleyway. Fortunately they didn't see me. Making my way down the sidewalk something caught my eye. 
Cape Town Century Orchestra.
On a normal day I would have walked passed this sign. No! In fact, on a normal day I wouldn't even be here but thanks to those Pharisee like protestors today was anything but normal. Through the stained windows a woman playing the cello, on stage, caught my eye. With further inspection I was able to determine that she was rehearsing. Within the hall like room I saw that all the chairs were empty. Only two seats in the front were occupied. I couldn't hear the music from outside; it was the way she played it that had enticed me. Without thinking I stepped inside. Standing in the doorway the music that greeted me felt like a blessing. Its purity caused my eyes to burn but tilting my head back I was able to stop the tears from falling. I was so surprised that she had stirred up this emotion within me. The hours after I killed Megan was the last time that I cried. Committing that act had made me emotionless. So much so that I couldn't even cry when I found out that my mom had died by the fire that I caused. My attempts to mourn came to no avail.
Walking past the door I saw someone with a 'no Loch Mo' sign. Startled, I entered and quickly closed the door behind me: doof! As suspected the woman who played the cello was so deep in her world she didn't even hear the door slam. Unfortunately for me the two women that sat on the seats had heard me. They screamed in excitement when they had recognised my face. Due to their sudden excitement the woman stopped playing. This caused me to feel like I had committed the greatest sin. Like snooping where you knew you didn't belong, I felt like a trespasser. 
"I'm really sorry," I shouted while walking closer to the three women. My apology had been aimed at the woman on stage. With each step my feelings of emptiness and coldness decreased. For the majority of my adult life I felt numb. But for the first time in my life I was feeling something that I knew I never felt before. Even the years before I sold my soul, when I was filled with all kinds of emotions, did not prepare me for what I felt now. It felt like I was drowning- in a good way. It felt like I was immersed within the presence of this woman that stood before me. From her golden braids to her golden brown skin; from her green eyes to her pink lips; from her height to her petite body; from the music she played to the way she played it, the epitome of beauty was her. Mermaids- who were the most beautiful creatures in the world- were nothing in comparison to her and in my life within the Organization I had seen many of them in different shapes, sizes and colours.
"How can I help you?" She asked.
"Kristine, don't you know who that is?" Her friend asked while pointing at me. It was evident by the other two girls behavior that they had been fans of my band but Kristine wasn't even phased. In some way she seemed to be angry at me.
"I know who you are. How can I help you?" She said while she hopped off stage.
"I'm sorry, Kristine." I said in an attempt to calm her down. Why is she so angry at me? I thought. Even though I didn't know her I could see that her tough exterior was nothing but an act. 
"There was just a mob of angry protestors so I decided to take refuge in here and- wow- I'm so glad that did."
"I saw and quite frankly, what did you expect?" She said.
"Excuse me." Surprised, I asked immediately.
"You have so much power!" Kristine said while shaking her head as if she were disappointed in me. Her actions reminded me of the countless times I disappointed mom. 
"You could use that power for good but instead you use it for the benefit of evil." 
"Kristine-" her friend pleaded but Kristine cut her sentence off immediately.
"No!" She said before adding, "I've been waiting for this day for a long time." By now tears fell down her face. All I could do was stand still in wonder of what she was talking about. Although with all the evil I've done I knew that the pain didn't end within the victims I've killed. Their pain ended when they drew their last breath but inevitably it transferred to their loved ones. Was Kristine a victim of my works of evil?
"You're right," I said. She was just as surprised as I was by my reply. Just the thought of lying to her made me feel guilty. 
"I want to be good but I've done too much  damage to my soul. Nothing I do can change the fact that I'm damned." 
Within her eyes I saw the sparkle of sympathy. She took a step closer. By the way her eyebrows drew closer together I knew that she could feel the honesty in my voice. 
"God can restore your soul."
"I've heard that before and I still am the way I am- a monster."
"Kenya," my name fell out of her mouth in a way I haven't heard before. It was like she breathed the breath of a new life into me. Even the multiple spirits that resided in my mind and solar plexus were frightened by her presence. I couldn't even feel or hear them anymore.
"Ask yourself do you really want to change?" She asked.  Her green eyes pierced through my brown eyes. I felt like she saw right through me; passed all the masks that I had on.
"Up until this point I have come to accept my fate but you have sparked a change within me. I want to be better- for you and myself." Both of her eyebrows raised up as she heard my reply.
"You don't even know me."
"But I want to," I took a step closer, "and I can tell that you want the same thing."
"You don't know me, you can't possibly know what I want," was her reply.
I could tell that being harsh wasn't natural to her but she was stubborn and wouldn't give in to my advances. Something was holding her back from doing so. This much was evident to me.
"I won't lie to you, Kristine, in the entirety of my life no one has made me feel the way you do and you're not even trying." Closing my eyes I tried to gather my thoughts. Pursuing a girl was something I haven't done before. They mostly pursued me and here I was literally begging her to give me the opportunity to get to know her. 
"I know that I'm not good and you know that you should probably stay away from me but all I ask is that you give me a chance to prove to you that I can change. All I want is your friendship- I promise I will never betray nor hurt you. What do you say?" If she said 'no' then I vowed to myself that I would accept my loss and leave. I was on the verge of sounding like a creep. 
"Come on, Kristine." 
"Just give it a try- this is Kenyan Matthews we're talking about here."
I was surprised to hear her friends speak because I had even forgotten that they were here. To me, all that existed was this moment with Kristine.
"There's a coffee shop up the road from here. It's called Smokey's Joint. I love their breakfast menu." I knew that this was her way of saying yes. Ecstasy flowed through my body at the fact that we would meet again. Now, more than ever, I wanted to destroy the Serpent and leave the Organization.
"So I'll see you tomorrow then."
"Tomorrow, then!" She said with a nod.

Thanks to the driver that was assigned to me by the Organization I reached the charity event with time to spare. There wasn't much that I knew about my driver since he neither spoke nor expressed any emotions. All I knew were the constants: he always wore a black suit and was always available whenever I needed him. Which was most of the time when I wasn't with the band. Beedesdabee had branded in my mind the fact that my gift of teleportation was not to be used frequently. This sat well within my soul. I'd do anything not to drink anymore blood. It's not like I even wanted to maintain my powers. However, Beedesdabee told me that it was necessary.
"I thought you weren't going to show up to this little show, Mr Big Shot."  Hunter spat out the words like an insult. Over the years the strain on our friendship, if you could call it that, had grown into something that was bigger than us. His jealousy had turned into bitterness. That fact caused tension within in the band. If we weren't working then we tried to stay as far away from each other as possible. Which, due to our decisions, was less than 10km. Hunter had a deep infatuation for Beedesdabee but he could pick up on my close bond with her. This was the root of his hatred for me. Although in some way our feud had been a benefit for our music. Most of our songs were based on either me composing difficult pieces to challenge Hunter or him writing challenging lyrics for me to compose to. 
"Unlike some people, I commit to the plans I make." As soon as I replied I had remembered Kristine. In that moment I was inspired to be a better person. Since Beedesdabee and I had no romantic affiliation the feud between Hunter and I was pointless. 
"Listen, man, I hate the way we've become." Even I was surprised by the honesty in my voice. 
"There's nothing going on between Beedesdabee and I."
"I know," Hunter said as he looked down to the ground. His embarrassment was evident. 
"But even if there was something going on it shouldn't matter because she made it clear that she doesn't like me." He added. "I guess I'm just jealous of you man."
"But why," I asked without concealing my shock. "You have everything, man. You're the coolest person I know." 
Hunter had everything anyone could have ever asked for. He was voted the sexiest man for two consecutive years by the Females Friend Magazine. Dozen of awards were given to him for his songwriting skills and for his unique voice. Taking over his father's businesses had made him the richest man in the world. His love for the Organization made him create a new religion called Serpentism. This religion had billions of followers who praised Hunter. They were devoted followers who hung onto every single one of his words. These were but a few things in the long list of his accomplishments. So his jealousy for me was something that came as a surprise to me.
"Fuck you, I don't need your compliments."
I wondered what had brought on the sudden change within Hunter but when I turned around I had understood why. Bear, Raven and Beedesdabee were standing there. With a nod Beedesdabee had indicated to us that it was time to go onto stage and perform. 
Kool Kids- was the name of the charity that the event was dedicated to. It was an annual event that we attended religiously to raise funds for orphaned children. Although in truth it was just an event for musicians, politicians and "fat" business owners to socialise. Since we had just released a new album, Cries of a Sad Fat Man, we spent most of our days promoting that. 
As I stood on stage I felt myselflosing ownership of my body. A 'joke' that Bear had told a couple of years ago entered into my mind:
"We're doing this event is ironic. I could bet my soul, if I had one, that the majority of these children are orphans because of us. My sex symbol sister is the cause of the increase of HIV. My dear friend and his Serpentism religion is the cause of the increase in murder- for divine purpose, might I add." He stopped talking to sniff a few lines of cocaine. After cleaning his nose he continued, "Kenya's political influence has caused people to disregard authority. I always thought Hunter was a rebel but you, Kenya, you are a rebel in every sense of the word. I mean you even have people picking up arms fighting a cause that they can't even define for themselves." With a finger pointed at me he laughed a laugh that erupted from his core. His mouth was wide open and he slapped his knee; making no attempt to conceal the humour that he saw within the darkness of our lives. "Woohoo! And everybody's nose knows that I'm the reason they're on drugs." He took a few more sniffs from his favourite drug of choice. "In the name of order we have caused destruction to this generation and the next."
These were the words that echoed in my mind while I stood on stage as nothing but a host. Even though we all laughed it off like it was nothing, the seriousness of his words had affected me.
In the name of order we have caused destruction to this generation and the next.
Chapter 8 

Decisions Determine Destiny

For the first time in a long time I felt happiness. In order to maintain this happiness and nurture it into joy I knew that I needed to spend as much time (as possible) with Kristine. Don't get me wrong, despite being a dominant force within the spiritual realm I am a very realistic person. To depend on her for my happiness would be a selfish act on my part. All I want to do is share what little bit of goodness I have left with her. Due to my excitement I had decided to go to bed early. If I wasn't performing then my night ritual consisted of Beedesdabee leading me into a deep meditation. This was necessary to release my inner beast so that I could transform into my spirit animal which was a wolf. To my disbelief I had been made aware that the Serpent was once a man. In his years as a human he had been the most powerful warlock in not only the Organization but in the world. One day a spell to grant him immortality had failed. In his failure he had found (what he called) success. He had transformed into a large serpent- his sprit animal. Thus he took over the Organization and changed its values to the complete opposite of what it had been created for. Unfortunately for him he wasn't able to turn back into a man. Attempt after attempt had brought him nothing but disappointment. Immortality was granted unto him but his life of delicious meals, sleeping after a day of hard work and sexual activities with women had ended. When his teenage son had transformed into his spirit animal as well and was able to transform back into a human then the warlock was made aware of the intensity of his spell. His spell had not only affected him but it had also changed his seed. Being the sinister man that he was he devised a plan. Since he had time on his side then he would coax his son into making as many children as possible. When their children had children he would consume them thus consuming their power. This would give him the power to transform back into a man; so he thought. In theory his idea was foolproof but when he had put his plan into place all it accomplished was the increasing of his power. Although even with all that power the thing that he desired the most was unattainable. A part of him knew that his plan would work one day. So he always made sure that he kept one of his descendants alive- always a male- so that they could increase his power. 
I was his descendant!
It made me sick knowing that I was related to the Serpent. However, after a few years I took delight in that fact. If that meant that I was the only one who was able to kill him then I was honoured. My power was at its peak but in order to break beyond that and be on a level to challenge the Serpent I needed to transform into my spirit animal. 
Fortunately for me, in Beedesdabee's words, I was 'nearly ready' so when I had asked for this night off she had agreed. 

To my happiness, the morning had arrived fast due to the fact that I had an unbothered sleep. 
Like a rainbow after rain; like happiness after pain this moment was highly anticipated. Kristine and I had agreed to meet by Smokey's Joint at around 8 o'clock. To be on the safe side I decided to arrive a early. So after drinking the blood that Beedesdabee had left for me every morning, inside a wine glass, I left. When I had stepped inside the coffee shop the sound of binaural beats had greeted me. Inside, I saw more than a dozen hippie-looking teenagers sitting around the tables. Most of the tables were occupied so I hoped that no one would recognise me. To avoid any attention I wore shades and cap. Wearing things like that actually never helped but I had become used to making an attempt to conceal my identity. However in this situation my attire had worked as a disadvantage. Had I been wearing colourful clothing and no shoes I probably would have fitted in. 
Rock kids, as they were called, lived a life completely opposite to that of a hippie. Besides marijuana and psychedelic drugs there was nothing they had in common. So I sat down on a table, outside, that had been reserved for Kristine and I. In the middle of the table was a piece of paper inside a glass jar. On the piece of paper was our names. When I had determined that I was not made I took off my shades. 
Fighting the temptation to smile I lost dismally. It was a sweet gesture that she had taken a few minutes out of her life to make a booking for us. Something told me that that was a sign of her interest in me. 
Judging by the way the waiters and waitresses had spoken to the customers, on a first name basis, I knew that they were Smokey's regulars. The customers' colourful clothing, the music in the coffee shop, the psychedelic art all across walls, the antique tables and glass chairs had woven into one- creating a place where one could call home. It wasn't my scene but a part of me envied them because at least their 'home' was safe. Despite being in envy I was glad that the tables outside were unoccupied. A waitress who served a couple a few feet away from me became aware of my presence. Her eyes widened as she walked towards me. 
"It really is you." She said without concealing her excitement. 
"Since the last time I checked- yes- it is me." 
She laughed at my reply, unaware of the sad reality that hid beneath my words. 
"I will tell Kristine that you're here." She said while pointing with her thumb behind her. This gave me the impression that Kristine was not only already here but she was also a regular. This was strange because she didn't strike me as the hippie type. Within seconds of having that thought I rebuked myself. Like she had told you, yesterday, you don't even know her- yet- I reminded myself. It would be unfair of me to judge her before I knew her. Although, funnily enough, her judgement of me had been quite accurate. 
"I'm quite surprised you showed up so early." A contagious smile was present on her face as she walked towards me. With my focus solely on her it took me a few seconds to realise that she had come from the door that, which I assumed, led into the back of coffee shop. 
"Well I actually haven't been on a date before so I don't know how these things work."
Due to my reply her smile had faded and in turn, so did mine. Confusion was all that I felt but my confusionwas clarified by her reply: "I was under the impression that friendship was all you wanted. If that's the case then we can continue. If not, then I'm sorry but maybe it's best that we end this before it starts."
"Friendship, it is." I declared with a smile. With that being said she sat down and signalled the same waitress who had spoken to me a few minutes ago. By the way they spoke to each other it was clear that they were friends. By the way the waitress looked at me it was clear that she was a fan. Being under the scrutiny of the public eye for about a decade I was able to spot the fans, the foes and the people that were clueless of who I was. More than that I housed the Spirit of Discernment in order to make sure that I trusted the right people within the Organization. Although even with that gift I was unable to read Kristine. Within her eyes I could see her undeniable attraction towards me but her actions, however, did not correlate that fact. Although her choice of friendship is something that I will respect. Not more so; not less so- it is something I will cherish. 
On her suggestion I ordered space coffee which I was told is more relaxing than green tea and a forest fountain muffin. It was her favourite breakfast meal so as suspected she ordered the same. 
To my delightful surprise our conversation had not only flowed naturally but it was filled with contagious smiles and infectious laughter. We were immersed within our conversation. So much so that our coffee had even gone cold. Despite the good banter and obvious chemistry something at the back of my mind had been nagging me the whole time.
"Yesterday, when you said that you have been waiting for this day for a long time, what did you mean?" I had to ask.
"Kenya-"
"Please!" I said before she could proceed with her protesting.
"I came from your normal, average Capetonian family. When you and your band had gained mainstream success my older brother had fallen in love with your music. Since he was the same age as you guys I think he felt like you guys were the voice he never had." She closed her eyes, sighed and shook her head
"Yeah?!" I said in order to break the silence that fell. Concernment with her well-being fueled my curiosity. In my heart of hearts I knew that Loch Mo's power of influence through Rock 'n' Roll was everything but positive.
"I came home, one day, to find that he had killed our parents. When I asked why he said he had done it because Loch Mo told him to do so." As she opened her eyes tears fell down her face.
"So I've been wishing for a chance to confront at least one of you guys because for many years- I've put the blame on your band." With the back of her hand she wiped the tears from her cheek.
"But now, Kenya, I can see that I was terribly misinformed. You're the most sweetest person I know. My brother made his decision and I will never forgive him for that." 
"I'm really not, Kristine," was the only thing that I could manage to mutter. As her eyebrows drew closer she shook her head in a gesture indicating her disagreement with my statement. There has never been a moment in my life when I was forced to face the consequences of my actions. Guilt seeped into my bones. Every part of my being wanted to tell her. Losing her friendship was a possibility but I wanted her to realise that although her brother committed the actions, the blame is not solely his. Heavily inspired by her to be a better person I decided I was going to expose myself.
"Kristine-"
Tell her and I will be forced to kill her!
Somehow, Beedesdabee had managed to break though the mental walls that I created. Being so close to her I knew that her bite was worse than her bark. As her words rung in my mind I knew that my honesty would have a deadly outcome. An outcome that I could and would not live with. Beedesdabee was stronger than she made herself appear to be. All the multiple spirits within my body could not access the mental walls I created. Beedesdabee was the only one. Maybe the fact that she taught me how to create them was what aided in that fact.
"What is it, Kenya."
"I've done things- things that have destroyed my soul."
Kenya, I'm warning you!
"I fear that I'm not only damned but I fear that I've led countless people down the one way path of damnation." Even though I wasn't going to tell her everything I at least wanted to be honest about my feelings. 
"This is the same thing you told me yesterday and quite frankly- I don't care." She said in a matter-of-fact tone of voice. "You are not your past, Kenyan Matthews, you are your now. Your decisions determine your destiny. Decide if you want to be good or bad."
"It's not that simple." Even I could hear the defeat and sadness present in my voice.
"Decide!" She said firmly.
"I want to be good, really, I do."

After a few hours, reluctantly, Kenya and Kristine called it a day but only due to the fact that they were both committed to other plans. Kenya left to meet Hunter because they had an interview to do about Cries of a Fat Sad Man; Kristine promised to help Smokey with the busy lunch hour before she went to rehearse with the orchestra. 
If it wasn't for Smokey and his family taking in Kristine she would have been an orphan at the age of 14. Her biological father was a police officer who had busted Smokey on drug related charges. Although her father could see potential in him. So he gave him a choice: to continue in a life of crime or use his charm and salesman skills to better use. Smokey, for his family's sake, chose a life away from crime. So he felt it was only his duty to look after Kristine when her parents (his unlikely friends) had died. Now, ten years later, he feels nothing but pride because she has blossomed into a phenomenal woman. A woman that he is proud to call his daughter. Her hardworking and honest nature contributed to the success of Smokey's Joint. Such was evident everyday and today was no different. Lunch hour was busy. Regulars and newcomers filled the glass chairs. Suddenly a woman walked into the shops.  Her presence demanded the attention of everyone. It wasn't even because of her short skirt suit or her copper coloured skin that appeared to glow. It wasn't even because of her long silky golden brown hair or her light brown eyes. It was something that dwelled within the core of her. It was in her walk. 
"So you're Kristine." Her words sounded like an insult as they fell out of her mouth.
"Yes I am." The woman behind the counter answered. "How can I help you?"
"If you really want to help then I suggest that you stay away from Kenya." 
"Excuse me?!" Kristine asked out of shock. It took her a few seconds but she realised that this was the girl from Loch Mo. This is Raven, she thought. 
"We already have a lot on our plate as is and we don't need you clouding his mind." Raven said with a smile although Kristine could see through it. Within Raven's eye she could see a mixture of affection and depression. Her jealousy was fueled by this concoction. Although the only thing that Kristine felt was pity. How many years did Raven say this speech? How many girls did she say it to? These questions ran through Kristine's mind.
"Don't you think that that's Kenya choice to decide."
"Kenya and I are going to be together forever. For your own safety, I suggest that you stay away." Raven shouted while walking out of the door. Unbothered by the attention she was receiving she made an exit. She wished she hadn't done that but she knew that she couldn't control herselfespecially when she was high because it intensified her feelings. Feelings are energy; energy never dies. Time couldn't change the way she felt about him. Time only changed the way she expressed her feelings. Each year her antics became crazier and crazier. Kenya wasn't oblivious to this. He, too, had feelings for her. Feelings he knew he could never act on. So he transferred that energy into his music- into the place where he left his soul. Raven, however, slipped deeper into her depression.
"What was that about?" Smokey asked Kristine when he had been made aware of the incident that took place in his shop. In an attempt to avoid causing another scene he nodded for her to go to the back of the shop.
"It was nothing." She said once she was inside Smokey's office- away from the view of the customers and her colleagues.
"Kristine Khumalo," Smokey said in a firm voice. Whenever he was about to scold her he addressed her with her full name.
"You, my girl, are very blessed. In your life trouble hardly found you and you hardly found it. Unlike me, trouble always found me to the point where I even craved it. Due to this fact I have come to learn how to identify it and my girl, I see trouble in that boy that you were talking to this morning."
"You're wrong-"
"I'm wrong?!" He cut her off before she could speak any further. 
"That girl that came in here, although she's mad, she's right. I think you should stay away from him. He seems very dark- in fact they both do."
"You can't just judge people!" Kristine snapped. A part of her felt bad for raising her voice against Smokey but the other part of her stood firm. She was a young adult. Taking care of herself was something that she was capable of doing. 
"If it wasn't for my father giving you a chance then what would have happened of you?" She didn't mean for her voice to raise into a shout. It even surprised her.
"You speak to me like that? I really hope you learn your lesson, Kristine." He said while looking up at the clock that was positioned behind her. In his eyes she could see his heartache. 
"Thank you for your help, today. I suggest you leave so you're not late for your rehearsals." He said before walking out. Kristine knew that he knew her rehearsals were only starting in an hour's time. She also knew that this was his way of telling her to leave because he couldn't stand the disappointment of her actions. So she honoured his decision and left. It broke her heart to do so but giving him space was the best thing she could do. 
*
Album: Cries of a Fat Sad Man
Song: Cries of a Fat Sad Man
Track number: 6
Written by: Kenyan Matthews, Bear Naka, Hunter Mashaba, Raven Naka
Produced by: Bear Naka
Lyrics:

Cries of a fat sad man
Cries of a fat sad man

Lies from that 
Bad- bad scam 
Flies from that
Glad I am
Cries of a fat 
Sad- sad man 

'Round tables we feast while folks starve
Bound for glory, burning, cavemen carve
Our faces, our places, we're off to the races
Placing money on four horses while all folks starve 

Unfinished food is only worthy for bins
You people are dirty, money cleanses sins
Sin causes sadness, my happiness fills 24 cases
I'm drinking whiskey, well aged wine as well, all wins 

Cries from a fat sad man
Cries from a fat sad man

Lies from that 
Bad- bad scam 
Flies from that
Glad I am
Cries of a fat 
Sad- sad man 

Truth sets free, we struggle because nothing's free
Running through the human race, seeing someone like me
That man is sad loving money while we're sad being broke
That man's not funny but his money makes us laugh at his jokes

He's buying new ties and trying he gives us ropes
In a vain attempt to try relief us from our helpless hope
"Hang yourself before four horsemen arrive," he smiles then tells me
His truths are lies in my eyes I cry while trying to get more money 

Cries of a fat sad man
Cries from a fat sad man

Lies from that 
Bad- bad scam 
Flies from that
Glad I am
Cries of a fat 
Sad- sad man 

Who has power to change the world
But doesn't give a dime or a damn.
Chapter 9

Raven and the Silver Blade

These days I saw a lot of my loft apartment in Sunset Bay. It was filled with guitars, books and bonsais- which were the objects of my obsession. It felt like home because it felt like me. Filled with all the things I loved made feel happy. My bedroom was where I composed some of the greatest pieces of music. With a large fish tank as a head rest, drapes and antic furniture it felt like a portion of paradise. After the interview with Hunter I decided to come home straight away. Since he was extra moody I couldn't stand being around him. All I wanted to do was catch up on much needed sleep so I decided to have an early night. Within the chorus of night that was made bright by the moonlight I felt a familiar sensation creep over my skin. The hairs on my body arose due to the cold and tingling sensation. I opened my eyes with the certainty of what I would find. All the contents in my room, including my door, had vanished. Only my bed was left. It was that thick gray mist that had carpeted my floor. After a few seconds the mist moved and illuminated thus forming the Serpent. In its silvery eyes I saw my reflection. Complacent!
"Kenya, my Kenya," he said as he swung his head towards me. 
"It has been a while since we last spoke."
"Yes." I answered "I trust that you are proud of my achievements- my contribution to the Organization."
"Kenya, my Kenya, very proud." 
My irritation began to increase as he spoke. 
"Now, I need you to do something. Your driver tells me that you have taken a fancy to this Kristine girl. I want you to impregnate her."
"What? Why?" Immediately I questioned his command and then added, "my driver doesn't even talk," when I had registered the rest of his words. 
"When have you ever questioned my command? Is your defiance proof of your disloyalty?" 
"No, master." I said against my own wishes. I knew this wasn't the time to challenge him. My battle would have to be picked carefully. Not just for my sake but for the sake of everyone especially Kristine.
"I've never failed you before." I said with nothing but truth on my lips.
"You have not. I hope this time is not any different."
"This time won't be different." Since he was in my mind I had to be vigilant of my thoughts. Although I knew that I would never follow another one of his commands again. I also knew that he had no idea that I was going to be the end of him. 

With the coming of morning, so too, came Beedesdabee's call for Loch Mo. Today was the celebration of the birth of the Sisters of the Sea- who were about 2000 years ago. We were invited to the ceremony which was to take place within the City In the Sea- home of the Merfolk. It was tradition for the ones celebrating their birth to give their hosts gifts. In the natural world it had being the other way around. Luckily for me because I wouldn't know what gift to give the Sisters.
Due to my daily ritual I drank the blood that was left for me and went to brush my teeth immediately. I never got used to the copper taste nor the smell. My driver arrived at my place around eight o'clock. After calling Kristine it was decided that I would meet her later in the evening. It was her performance today and she invited me to come. Even as I jumped into the car she was all I could think about. To see her and hear her again was all the motivation that I needed. Somehow even the idea of going to the City in the Sea did not appeal to me today as it normally had. Gold, platinum, silver and other rubies made the entire city. Merfolks loved being glamorous. Everytime when we went there we had been treated like royalty. Hunter, Bear and I were favoured amongst the mermaids; Raven was favoured by the mermen. So when they were chosen to host the Sisters' celebration of their birth we were not only scheduled to attend but also to perform.
"You, silly demonic being, you- you should talk to me." I said, jokily, to my driver who flashed me a smile with a nod. For the first time he showed his emotion. That alone was a bizarre start for the day. I knew that today was going to be one for the books. 
"I can't talk to your kind unless I'm given permission to do so." My driver said after a few minutes into the drive. There was an odd familiarity within his deep and harsh voice. Although I didn't dwell on that. His statement made me wonder.
"Since when?!"
"Since I was assigned as your driver." He said. 
"Well, if you ask me I think that that is a bogus rule but I'm glad I said something so things can change now." 
Within a few minutes we had arrived by the dockyard. Hunter's boat, Mamywata, was going to take us halfway to our destination. The fact that the boat was old did not change the fact that is was the band's favourite form of transportation over the waters. Many spells were performed within Mamywata. 
"As a driver I see a lot. I like you, Kenya but our master has something terrible planned for you. Be careful." He said before driving off. Although I was aware of the Serpent's plans to consume me, my drivers warning had been a welcoming surprise. Even my Spirit of Discernment didn't pick up on the fact that he was an ally. Or was he? Perhaps my powers were fading due to the fact that I wasn't consuming as much blood as I was commanded to. Well, that was a problem I would deal with tomorrow. Today was dedicated for a celebration. Soon after my arrival I was followed by Beedesdabee, Raven and Bear. Hunter was the last one to arrive. 
Once we said our brief but awkward greetings we hopped into the boat and set sail. After about two hours we had reached the left point of the Bermuda Triangle. Since our arrival was expected- our boat, with help from another force, had stopped before the whirlpool. Most sailors and pilots were not that lucky and were consumed without a trace. 
One by one we jumped into the whirlpool- which was the only entrance into the City in the Sea. We were all used to this experience but I still enjoyed it. My body twisted and spun around as if I was in a tumble dryer. A few seconds passed and we arrived within our destination. Contrary to popular belief the City in the Sea wasn't immersed in water. There had been a force which formed a dome over the City- as it was also known as. This force not only stopped water from coming in but also stop their enemies like the Sea Horsemen and Sharkfolks from attacking. Contrary to popular belief the Merfolk were not always in their true form. Within the City they all had legs- much like humans. Although their appearance was far from humans. Every mermaid and mermen had red hair but some were gold in skin colour while others were silver, red and purple. Fortunately, unlike their human counterparts, they didn't treat any one of more importance based on their skin colour. A trait I wished that some of my fellow humans would contemplate and adopt.

When we arrived in the gold streets of the City a red mermen had been waiting to accompany us to the House of Ceremonies. Ryoneye, was the name the mermen told us to address him as. It was our first time meeting him. By his large physique and wounds I could tell that he was a warrior; an experienced warrior. 
My initial thought upon meeting him was that he was the scariest creature I have seen. Although at the same time he was awfully polite. As we walked towards the House of Ceremonies there were many young merfolk that gathered around us. Each one singing a song of our praise. The brightness and warmth within the City was something that I loved. Everyone was beautiful, carefree and lived in luxury. The City was larger than Africa so there was always something new to see or someone new to meet.
Mostly everything inside the House of Ceremonies was made from diamonds. Chairs, tables, glasses, chandeliers and even the tiles had a bit of diamonds in them or were made entirely from it. Despite the small outer appearance of the House of Ceremonies it had the capacity to hold more than a million people. Which was close to the number that I assumed was gathered here, today. Space and time within the City was something that I couldn't even comprehend. 
A young mermaid with a tray of about 100 wine glasses walked towards us. With a smile and a nod she indicated for us to take a glass. After a quick observation I saw that the other guests, who were fellow musicians, politicians, entertainers, police officers and military officials had also been given the drink. With all the men in suits and the women in fancy dresses- each one holding a wine glass- it gave the impression that this was a high class ball. Inside the glass was red wine mixed with blood- a merfolk favourite. After we each drank and indulged in foods, that I've never seen nor eaten before, a trumpet was sounded. Three silver mermaids with fully black eyes began to sing. Their high pitch voices welcomed the arrival of Seh, Sai and Sha. Everyone clapped for them. Seh, the sister with the blue lips, raised her right hand. Everyone went silent at her command. Although there were about a million people in the room, everyone could see and hear her.
"I'd like to thank everyone for joining us," she said without expressing any emotion. Since most of the humans here, including myself, were taught by her at some point we knew of her cold nature. Although our respect for her and her sisters were high. "In order to honour our host we shall give the merfolk in the City a gift," she added.
"Everyone," Sha- the sister with the green lips said, "follow us!"
In her eyes the merfolk had been her most favourite creation. Although she enjoyed making monsters to attack them. Monsters like the sea horsemen and the sharkfolks. Her motivation for doing this was to make sure that her favourite creation always praised her and were aware of her power. Sea horsemen and sharkfolks were a few creatures on her list of creations. Although she didn't want to admit it she was loosing control of the monsters that she made. Most of them were even more powerful than she knew. 
We were led into the arena which was positioned in the middle of the City. When I stepped inside two things caught my eye. The first was the Serpent who was coiled up on the highest platform. His silver eyes scanned each of us as we walked in. A humongous tank was in the middle of the arena. Although it was the sharkfolk that stood inside the tank that caught my eye. Sharkfolks were giants by nature but this was even bigger than the ones I had normally seen. For the first time, in a long time, I felt slightly afraid since these creatures were ruthlessly vicious. With the body of a man and the head of shark it was the perfect killing machine. Not many other creatures were able to kill it so I wondered what was about to happen next. 
Once everyone had been seated the Sisters went to sit next to the Serpent. Each person and merfolk cheered and applauded with excitement. Even Hunter couldn't conceal his excitement as he screamed and whistled.
"Myself and the rest of my sisters know the trouble that the merfolk face." Sai said in a matter of fact tone of voice.
"So, for the first time, we have combined our powers to make one creation. A creation that we will loan to you for a year."
As soon as she had finished speaking a figure had appeared before her. His physique resembled that of a man. Over his body was what appeared to be a scaly wetsuit that went as far as the bridge of his nose. He had two swords: one was on the back and the other one on his left hip. Everyone screamed in excitement at his presence. No one knew who or what he was but if he had been created by the combined power of the Sisters then he would exceed anyone's imagination. While the crowd still cheered he jumped from the raised platform into tank. This had cause the crowd to hold their breath in anticipation. By now, the sharkfolk had been made aware of the mysterious man that had jumped into the water. Being the beast that it was it charged for him. Even the ground slightly shook due to the power of its large weight. 
To my disbelief the mysterious man had appeared behind the sharkfolk. It was so fast that my eyes didn't even register it. One minute the sharkfolk was charging towards him- the next thing he was behind it. Using its momentum against it the man pushed it. With great speed it crashed onto the floor. In unison the crowd erupted into a loud cheer. As fast as it fell to the ground the sharkfolk stood up. Its anger was evident. It got up and charged towards the man again. With his right hand he pulled out the sword from his left side and sliced the hip of the sharkfolk. From the left to the right- it was a clean cut! Almost immediately he pulled out the sword from his back and sliced the beast from its head to its groin, splitting it into four pieces. The water that was once so clear and transparent had become stained red. In the blink of an eye the man stood next to the Sisters. My eyes couldn't believe what I saw. I mean I was powerful but this man, if that's what he was, made killing seem like an art. 
"Wasn't that entertaining?!" Sai shouted causing the crowd to roar. Suddenly the tank that filled the entire arena began to descend until it wasn't there. Various bands, magicians and daredevils had filled the arena. Even Loch Mo performed- the most magical set I have ever been apart of. Even Serpent gave us a nod of approval. Beedesdabee had said that this was our best performance to date. She seldom commented on our music so it was odd for her to do it now. Although the only thing that was on my mind was the man who killed the sharkfolk. I could see Beedesdabee's eyes occasionally drift towards him. 
When the performances and acts had finished we all returned to the House of Ceremonies to continue our feast. To my relief the mysterious man had joined us. From the corner of my eye I saw him grab Raven's wrist. Bear naturally put his hand on the man's shoulder in a futile attempt to protect his sister. But the man let go of Raven's hand and quickly pulled down the scaly wetsuit from the bridge of his nose. Raven, Bear and even Hunter gasped in fear when they saw his face. Almost like they had seen a ghost- they froze with terror. With the nod of his head the man indicated for Raven to follow. Without protesting she followed. Bear and Hunter just stood still and watched her walked away. In order to snap Bear and Hunter out of their trance I gave both of them a couple of nudges with my elbows. Like zombies they followed me to the table. Their eyebrows were still raised.
"Who is that?"
"T-Tanner." Bear managed to mutter.
"Tanner?!"

"Duuuuude, like what the hell happened to you?" Raven asked, without concealing her shock. Tanner had led her into an empty room. Even though Raven was a bit frightened she followed him nonetheless.
"You and your little cult left me in the water, remember?" 
"Tanner-"
"No," he said before laughing, "that was the best thing that ever happened to me." 
"What exactly happened?"
"I've been watching you," Tanner said with a smile, "I know that you want out of your band." 
"No, you're wrong," she lied. 
"I can help you." The words that left his mouth were words she had been waiting to hear for a long time. 
"What's in it for you?" 
"I have my reasons. Reasons you don't need to know about." He said with an almost empty expression. Raven thought about it a lot. All she wanted to do leave the band and be with Kenya. That fact motivated her to accept Tanner's help even though every fibre within her protested. 
"In order to break the binding spell one of you has to die." As soon as he said this he pulled out a blade. Raven didn't see where he took it from. All she could see was the blade and its silver handle. Fear paralysised her although Tanner flipped the blade and handed it towards her. 
"Decide on whose life will end." 
Raven immediately thought of Hunter when Tanner said this. Bear was her brother and Kenya was the object of her affection. Without any debate she had made her choice.
Chapter 10

The Beast Within

Due to too much wine I had lost track of time. So, in turn, I had missed Kristine's performance. I was disappointed in myself. When I called her in the morning to apologise I could hear the sadness in her voice. My heart broke under the pressure of guilt I felt when she said "I don't know why I expected more from you." The honesty of her words left me exposed. Was I just misguiding myself into thinking that a normal life would be something I could obtain? No! My life has never been normal. Even when I was a regular teenage boy- my life was far from it. Do I really want to bring her into this world that has consumed my life. My inebriation could not wipe away the memory of the Serpent reminding me of my duty to fulfill with Kristine. Although all I could focus on was killing him. Stupidity was never a part of my character trait. With the Serpent gone wouldn't mean that my life would become normal but I felt like it was a step in the right direction. 
On my bedside table was the wine glass with the blood in it. Within the five years of me drinking it I never questioned where she got the blood from. It was human blood, that much was certain but why had it not occurred me to ask her where the blood came from. Although I knew that it was the only thing able to clear my throbbing headache and relieve me from the pain in my body. So I gulped it down without letting it rest in my mouth. It was much needed especially because I planned to see Kristine before my performance which was this evening. I still couldn't believe that I had disappointed Kristine. In order to sort things out I decided to look for her at Smokey's Joint. Since she wasn't returning my calls it was the only option I had.

When I got to the coffee shop I noticed that it was busy. It was lunch hour, on a Friday, so I assumed that this was only natural. Smokey's Joint had an excellent reputation due its uniqueness. With much struggle I pushed to the front. Telling each person I passed that I just wanted to ask the cashier a question also aided in my manoeuvring. To my disappointment I was told that Kristine wasn't in today. Her whereabouts were unknown. Looking over at the waitresses that were gathered outside, by the balcony, I noticed that they were on their lunch break. The waitress that had assisted Kristine and I a couple of days ago was standing there- smoking a cigarette. Without any further delay I rushed towards her. From the way they spoke to each other, their friendship was evident.
"Sorry to disturb you," I said with the utmost sincerity, "have you seen Kristine?"
"Yeah sure, Kenya." The girl said with a smile that quickly faded.
"I have to warn you, she is a bit upset with you for not coming last night. She doesn't like it when people break promises."
"I feel really terrible about it. There were things at work that held me back- I'm sure she will understand, right?" 
Stop fooling around, we need you in rehearsals, things are getting out of hand.
Beedesdabee's words rang through my mind. Without any remorse I ignored the urgency in her voice. If there was a problem then she was well equipped to handle it herself. These passed few days I was glad that I didn't get to see a lot of her. Of all the people I respected she was at the top of the list but I just needed space from her. Unfortunately, that was a luxury that I could not obtain. She was my mentor after all. If it wasn't for her I wouldn't have been able to access my inherited warlock powers.
"Yeah, Kenya." She said before her smile returned.
"Kristine is having lunch with her family, so I suggest that you visit her at her house, in the evening."
After she gave me the address I expressed my gratitude and proceeded to leave when the waitresses words had stopped me in my tracks.
"Kristine never acts like this around guys. So for her to react this way in regards to you not coming has to count for something. Don't mess it up!"

It had taken me a second to reach the Pagan Theatre where we were performing. Under the guidance of Beedesdabee I teleported inside an empty bathroom. Aware of my presence she walked in. By the way her eyebrows pressed together and the way she took in deep breaths I could tell that she was angry. If you were talking about the Serpent then she hardly expressed her anger. So to see her in this state was alarming.
"Raven refuses to rehearse or perform. Right now, I left her and Hunter in a screaming match about God knows what. It was so intense I even had to command the backstage crew to leave." 
This struck me as odd because Beedesdabee knew how to control us. So for her to allow things to escalate to this point was an eyebrow raiser. Maybe the situation was even too much for her to control. If that were so then why was I 'needed' so much. Two things caught my attention. The first thing being that I could feel I was no longer bound to the band. Like chains being removed from a victim held captive I felt free. The second thing being the chilling silence that filled the corridor into the backstage. In a fast motion I opened the door and went in with Beedesdabee behind me. I could not have been prepared for the nightmare that greeted me. Raven was on the floor in a pool of blood. Dead! Bear was kneeling down and cradled her in his arms. Rocking back and forth, he whispered for her to get up while tears fell down his face. A few feet behind them Hunter stood with a blade that had a silver handle. Blood, that was not his own, stained his clothing. Aware of my anger Hunter said, "it wasn't my fault- she tried to stab me first." 
My blood began to boil. Thoughts about Megan had run through my mind. I never got over that moment because it defined the outcome of my life. This was a life I thought I wanted but I was terribly mistaken. If only I could go back to that day with Bobby. If only I just apologised to him then maybe things would have been different now. A part of Raven's death- I believed- was my own fault. 
Bear turned around, without warning, and charged towards Hunter. Instinctively, he pointed the knife towards Bear- who ran into it. Blood poured out of his neck where the blade had pierced. I couldn't believe my eyes. Death was something I had been accustomed to. But as I saw the lifeless bodies of my bandmates on the floor it had triggered an emotion within me that I've never felt before. 
"Arrrrrrrrrgrrh," I screamed. It was even louder than I expected and it sounded more like a growl than a scream. Time slowed down. Beedesdabee and Hunter moved in slow motion. My spirit began to ascend to the ceiling and I was looking down at my body- that exploded into a thick gray mist. The thick gray mist slowly ascended to the ceiling when it had touched me I fell. Initially I thought that I had returned into my body but when I saw the reflection of myself in the windows I was horrified but intrigued. I had transformed into my spirit animal; I had transformed into a wolf. Suddenly the room and everything in it appeared to shrink. From my throat the sounds of my growling had erupted at their own accord. Hunter was the focal point of my anger. In his eyes I saw fear and the reflection of myself. In a defensive stance he stood with his hands in front of him. Without any words I could hear him pleading for his life. Within a split second I could have ended it. Every part of me wanted to but the memory of Kristine prohibited from me doing so. It would be the point of no return. There had been a secret vow I made to myself: my power of transformation would only be used to destroy the Serpent. 
"Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!" Beedesdabee shouted. Her cries were silenced when I turned towards her. Something told me that she had been the one who had orchestrated today in order for me to assume the role of the beast. Letting out a growl she jumped back in fear. It had occurred to me that she could not read my mind while I was in this state. Unaware of my size and strength I lifted my head slightly. It had collided with the ceiling causing it to crack. Beedesdabee had managed to teleport away before the ceiling came crashing down. I did not know what became of Hunter. Placing all my energy on Kristine I was able to transform back into a human. I could pick up on movement within the corridor. Before the door opened I had teleported to the first place that came to mind.

Without even thinking about my actions Kristine's apartment was the place where I had gone to for refuge. Fortunately, she wasn't there yet so I decided to wait downstairs by the gate. I didn't need a mirror to know that I looked like a mess. Taking in a few deep breaths I was able to compose myself. Losing Bear and Raven was beyond awful and along with them I lost a part of myself. I stood outside Kristine's apartment for what felt like forever. Just when I was about to leave, I heard a car pull up. With a quick observation I determined that it was her. This was the moment I had been waiting for but now that it came I didn't know what to say. 
Although I knew that seeing her was a must. 
As she walked past, towards the gate, I concealed myself in a bush without her noticing. When she opened the gate I decided to say hello which wasn't the smartest choice because she jumped up with fear. 
"Kenyan, what's wrong?" The concern in her voice had surprised me. 
"I heard about the accident at Pagan Theatre- the deaths- are you okay? Were you there?" She ran over to me and gave me a hug without even giving me time to respond. I didn't mind at all. Her body against mine felt like home. In my reality, she was a paradise surrounded by chaos. I made a vow with myself to never allow anything to contaminate this paradise. 
"I will tell you everything," I said as our bodies parted, "everything in time."
She wanted to protest but she held herself back and ushered me upstairs to her apartment. The fact that she didn't pry was welcoming for me. Every part of me wished that I could tell her but I knew that I first needed to fulfil my duty. Once inside her apartment she made me a cup of coffee. We sat on her sofa- silent. Neither one of us willing to address the elephant in the room.
"I'm really sorry that I couldn't make it last night." I said after a few minutes of silence.
"I know, Kenya," she said with a sigh. "I'm sorry that I overreacted." She said as she gently bit her lip.
"You're a busy, mysterious and famous guy..."
"What do you mean?" My question snapped her out of the trance that she was creeping into.
"I can't believe that I thought we could be more than friends. Our lives are too different." She said.
"When I said that I want to be better for you and myself I really meant it. So don't give up on me, Kristine!" I wasn't even surprised by the desperation in my voice. 
"So you say-" she put her cup of coffee down and moved closer to me until I could feel the warmth of her breath on my face, "-I shouldn't give up on you?"
Before I could say 'yes' she leaned in and gave me a peck on my lips. Like the aftermath of hitting heroine for the first time I was hooked. My hand found its way on her back and I found myself gently pulling her towards me. We kissed each other with such passion and urgency that time appeared to stand still. My hand moved up from her back to her head. As I pulled on her hair she tilted her head back and smiled. Exposing her perfect teeth in a smile that made me desire the feel and taste of her lips.  Our mouths found each other again. It felt like our souls had tied together due to the mixture of our saliva. In one movement I took off my t-shirt. She did the same and threw her vest onto the table. We were both unbothered by the cups that crashed to the floor and broke. Soon, all our clothes were off. All our focus was placed on the magic of being in this moment. Our hands and mouths explored every single part of each others bodies. Through sweat and desire we had become one. Trust and vulnerability made the moment even more magical. Each flaw and each beauty was accepted with equal praise. In a perfect rhythm our bodies thrust back and forth in the divine dance of two bodies and two souls forming one entity.
"I haven't done this in a very, very, very long time," she paused before adding, "but I don't remember it being so amazing." 
Somehow we ended up in her bed. We had caught our breath but the smell of each other was still fresh on our bodies. 
"Selflessness," I said.
"What do you mean?"
"My only intention was to tease and please you. Your pleasure was my concern. In regards to everything I will always put you first, Kristine, I want you to know that- okay?" 
"That's so sweet," she turned and kissed me on the cheek, "but let's be realistic. 'Everything' can be anything, even one thing. So what's everything to you?"
"Before meeting you music was my everything. Now, in this chapter of my life that's titled 'changes,' I realise that living means everything to me. I've been just existing for far too long."
"So let's live!" As she spoke she battered her eyes. Nothing, other than this moment mattered. Years, hours and seconds before coming to her apartment felt like a dream nightmare. 
Kristine excused herself to go her bathroom. It was only a few feet away from the bedroom but the distance between us felt intense. I couldn't lie to myself. Now that I brought her into my world her well being is my duty. Then it hit me: What if Hunter managed to escape? Would he tell the Serpent of my power? What happened to Beedesdabee? 
I jumped out of bed. After finding my underpants I stood by the bathroom door and called Kristine but she didn't answer. Even as I knocked, rapidly, on the door there been no reply. In my attempt to open the door I had realised that it was locked. Thinking that she might be hurt I relied on my telekinetic power to pull the door handle out from the door. In normal situations I would refrain from using such a power because it required me to consume even more blood than ususal but something told me that this wasn't a normal situation.As I pushed the door open my heart sank to my stomach. Fear gripped me around the throat causing me to feel like I was suffocating. 
Kristine was gone.
There was no explanation. Had she went out of the bathroom I would have seen her. Access through the windows was prohibited due to burglar bars. On the sink something caught my eye. It was a folded piece of paper. When I opened it up my world came crashing because I knew who had sent it. Chaos has come to contaminate my paradise.

Master wants you
Give yourself over
She lives her life
Fight and she dies
You have until midnight
No alarms no surprise.
Chapter 11

Wolf versus Serpent

"Kristine Khumalo." Hunter kept on repeating her name like it would trigger a certain memory he wished to find. Looking up he reached up his hands like he had caught it. Although Kristine couldn't see if he had anything in his hands or not. She was in the middle of the room. It was so dark that she could barely see Hunter who stood a few feet away from her. A small fire that burned to the right of her was the only source of light in the room. But it didn't give up much about her surroundings. For the first time in her life she was possessed by fear. One minute she was looking at herself in the mirror and the next thing she was chained to a chair. 
"You don't happen to be the daughter of Detective Khumalo, now, do you?" Hunter asked.
"What do you know about my father, you psychopath."
"Oh shit, you are." He said said in a high pitch voice before adding, "he was getting close to uncovering the truth about us. So my band and I made a special song for your family." Hunter tilted his head back and laughed. 
"My only regret was that you weren't home on that day like you were supposed to be." He added.
Tears were already in her eyes but now she cried uncontrollably. Heaven and hell were things that she believed in. She just didn't admit nor accept the fact that people could be influenced by angels or demons. That's why she hated her brother because she thought the choice to kill their parents was his. Subconsciously, she knew that he had been possessed by some entity. Being a musician too she knew the power that music had. That's why she had been hard on Kenya when they first met. Fortunately for her, she didn't know the true extent and darkness of music's power. She didn't know about the power it had to consume, change and control worlds.
"Yes!" Hunter shouted. "That means that your beloved Kenya is not only involved in the murder of your parents but also the incarceration of your brother."
"I don't believe you." She managed to shout in between her cries.
"Well, he will be here in about two hours so you can ask him for yourself."
"You're a monster."
"Thank you," Hunter said with a smile, "now, what shall we do with you until midnight?"
Kristine was about to lash out and start screaming again but she couldn't. Tranquillity was all that she felt. A strange sensation crept over her skin. It was like the normal case of pins and needles except the feeling was over her whole body. Before she knew it she was eye to eye with the largest serpent she had ever seen. It was made of mist; its fangs protruded out of its mouth. In its silver eyes she saw her reflection. Terrified! A few seconds passed where she was convinced that she had woken up in a dream (read nightmare) and that it would all be over soon. There's no way this is real, she thought. 
"You see, Kenya has obtained something that I want. If he gives it to me then I will let you go." The Serpent said.
"This isn't real, this isn't real." Kristine thought that by saying this then the nightmare would end. So she kept on repeating it until the Serpent cut her off.
"There's nothing more real than this moment. Here! Now! You and I may be living in different dimensions, yes, but unlike us you people can't manipulate our dimension like we can with yours." 
Although Kristine didn't know what the Serpent was talking about she knew that she was in serious trouble. Everything that she had turned a blind eye to was presenting itself to her- in a flash before her eyes. From Kenya telling her that he's damned to her brother saying Loch Mo was the cause of his homicidal rampage; from the encounter with Raven to the accident at Pagan theatre everything made sense. Even in the midst of her terror she couldn't help but feel sorry for Kenya. It was evident that he wanted to be a good person but he was just too deep in this.
"Some humans have the power to control our dimension and such is the case with Kenya," the Serpent added. 
"Let's give her a souvenir, Master." Hunter said with a smile.

*

Beedesdabee was my only option. Since the truth about my power was out we had to put our plan in motion. All those years of killing innocent people, performing spells and learning about the Organization was for this moment. Fortunately, for me, Beedesdabee was prepared. As soon as I had called her she arrived in Kristine's apartment. Before I could even tell her what had happened she grabbed me and teleported us to the dockyard. Without words she ordered me to get inside the nearest boat. After I got inside she joined me and we went on our way. A few minutes into our trip she handed me a two litre bottle that was filled with blood. There was no question that I would need to access a large portion of my power. I just wish that there was another way. Unfortunately, for me and whoever this blood came from, there wasn't.
"We're going to meet a couple of our friends from the City." She said. With her head looking ahead she focused on the waves. In order to avoid suspicion Beedesdabee had told me that I would only know the identities of the other members in the Organization who also opposed of its views in the perfect time. Tonight is the perfect time, I said under my breath.
After what felt like an eternity we were close to arriving at the Bermuda Triangle. I wished we could have teleported there but some places that were under the protection of strong magic were off limits to us. To make matters worse Beedesdabee was quiet for the majority of the ride, leaving me to fall victim to my thoughts. If anything happened to Kristine I would not forgive myself. 
In the midnight sky it took my eyes a while to see Ryoneye and Tanner hovering in the middle of the triangle. I didn't even know that they were against the Organization. I couldn't blame them. Before the Serpent's rise to power the merfolk lived in peace. It was only when the Serpent had coiled around the hearts of the Sisters of the Sea did they bring terror upon the waters. 
Through a break in the clouds the moonlight illuminated their faces. In their eyes I could see their readiness. 
"Don't worry, just trust me," Beedesdabee said as she jumped out the boat into the triangle. Like Ryoneye and Tanner she was hovering above the spiral of water. Without hesitation I followed her. Saving Kristine was the only thing I placed my focus on. Once we had got to the middle Beedesdabee told us the plan. Since my arrival was to expected I needed to go alone. There were many different portals into the Serpent's dimension. We had assumed that they would be guarding each entrance even though they didn't know which one we would choose. Ryoneye, Tanner and Beedesdabee would follow me soon after I was in the Serpent's kingdom. Tanner and I had both expressed our protest against this plan but Beedesdabee reminded me of my power, strength and training. With time against us I decided that I needed to act. So, by Ryoneye's orders, I stomped my foot down and was propelled into the air. Wind crashed against my face causing tears to appear in my eyes. In a matter of seconds I was in the clouds. When I had passed through them I was in the Serpent's dimension. I had come in through the ground and stood before a large golden gate that was about three feet high. In front of me stood three creatures that looked like men. Each one of them had three silver eyes and were dressed in black suits. Without words one of them signalled me to come in. Without a shadow of doubt nor hesitation I entered. It had been a while since I was in the Serpent's dimension. I was half expecting to see a lot of demons and beasts but to my surprise there were none. Once the gates closed behind me I was alone. All I could see was the shapes of the three demons that stood behind the gate.
If Kristine was held captive anywhere then she would be in the Serpent's kingdom. So I headed in that direction. With the certainty that Ryoneye, Tanner and Beedesdabee would join me soon. 
Being in the Serpent's dimension always made me feel uneasy. It was filled with fire, screams and heavy winds that carried the smell of sulphur and brimstone. There were demons that looked like men and beasts that looked like a cross breed of different animals- like lions mixed with gorillas; bears mixed with horses and so forth, everywhere.
Most people call it the Serpent's dimension but I call it Hell. It was for this very reason that I seldom came here. There has been many disturbing things I've seen in my life but none of them even came close to the horrors found in this place. Everytime I had been here the evilness that was heavy in the atmosphere cause my stomach to ache.
As I walked past a car that was on fire something from the corner of my eye caught my attention. Since time was against me I decided to continue walking. With each step I tried increasing my speed when suddenly something jumped in front of me. It was a small monkey with the head of a white owl. Despite its strange appearance it didn't strike me as being a vicious beast. It looked like a demon's pet more than anything else. So I walked around it but still kept my gaze on it. Its head turned around about 180 degrees; its eyes were fixed upon me.
"You're probably wondering where everyone is, right?" The owl-monkey said in a high pitched voice. There was no way that I was going to waste my time talking to this creature. So I continued walking- unaware that the creature had followed me. 
"The Serpent knows that there is no way you could have obtained such power without help from someone in the Organization." The owl-monkey said after a few minutes had passed. Its words caused me to stop in my tracks. After a few seconds of gathering myself I continued. My mind was set on ignoring this creature. 
"At my suggestion the Serpent sent all of his demons and beasts to your dimension and the rest. Anyone against the Organization will be dealt with," the creature added.
"I should kill you right now," I shouted. 
"You and those you came with can enter into this dimension easily now that its empty. Well, that is after you take care of the three demons outside the gate. But I know how strong Beedesdabee is."
"What did you say?!" I asked 
"Beedesdabee is the one who created- well, designed- me so if you think about it, we're on the same side." It replied.
"I don't think so. If not for your suggestion then the Serpent wouldn't have sent his demons and beasts on a killing spree."
"For thousands of years they've been many who opposed of the Serpent. Trust me, just like you, they know how to hide." The creature reassured me before disappearing. In its words I could pick up on its honesty. Guilt was the only thing that I could feel. Tonight promised to offer up a lot of bloodshed and slaughter across the different dimensions. It felt like all the blame could and should be placed on me. If only I had kept my composure and didn't reveal my power then we would still have the element of surprise. And bringing Kristine into this world was the last thing that I wanted. 
After a few minutes I was a few feet away from the Serpent's kingdom. Being aware that the time was a few minutes passed midnight I ran towards the kingdom that was made of burnt brick and fire. When I had crossed the short bridge that was over a lake of fire I had come before a large wooden gate that opened on its own accord. Once inside it took my eyes a few seconds to adjust to the darkness. Suddenly two beasts, with the bodies of bears and the heads of horses, grabbed me by my wrists. They viciously ushered me down the corridor to the room where, I was told, I would meet the Serpent. It was so dark inside the kingdom that I could barely see my surroundings. Fire, that seemed to burn in only a few spots, was the only source of light. Since it was my first time being in here, in a while, I knew that my escape would be made difficult if I didn't have the power of teleportation. Although since the Serpent had the same gift then there was no way I could solely rely on that for my victory. His death was my only guarantee of freedom, not only for myself and Kristine but for the Organization as well. 
Once I stepped into the room Kristine was the first thing that I noticed. There was a fire that burned a few feet away from her that allowed to me see the fear in her eyes, the tears running down her face and blood on her arms. Just when I was about to run towards her the grip of the beasts' paws around my wrists had tightened. Transforming into my spirit animal could be fatal for Kristine. There was no way that I was going to let her be caught in the crossfire of this battle.
"Kenya, you're late." The Serpent said once he appeared from out of the shadows. His fangs that protruded out of his mouth had immediately caught my attention. They weren't there the last time that I saw him. This could only suggest one thing: The Serpent's power levels, which were a mystery to me, had increased. Doubt of my readiness for this task had crept into my heart. Although one look at Kristine had fueled the fire of bravery in my heart that was needed. No one gets to decide the moment when their preparation will be tested. All we can do is hope that we are ready. 
She tried to flash me a smile but her body was too weak to move. Being in this dimension was taking its toll on her.
"I'm here now so let her go, Serpent." I shouted. 
"Or else what?" It was Hunter who replied. I didn't even see him when I entered the room. Satisfaction was present on his face. His hate for me had grown and turned him into something that I couldn't even recognise anymore. 
"This is how things are going to work," the Serpent said while he slithered closer to me,"you're going to give me your power and I'm going to let your beloved girlfriend go."
My death was the only way that he could get my power. There was no way that that was going to happen. I know that in love there are many sacrifices that one needs to make. However, I at least have an option. It's either fight or die and I've chosen to fight.
"And if I refuse?" I asked in an attempt to stall time while I thought of a plan. 
"Then you will watch your beloved girlfriend die a slow and painful death." Hunter shouted. Spit flew out of his mouth as he spoke. His anger seemed to be boiling. 
We just entered!
I never would have thought that I'd be so happy to hear Beedesdabee's voice in my head but I was. Along with her words came a plan. A plan that I wouldn't wait to execute. In a split second I had teleported myself in front of Kristine. I touched her on her wrist and teleported us to the gate where I knew the others would be waiting. Getting Kristine away from this dimension was my first priority. If this place made me feel so uneasy I wondered how it made her feel. With my telekinetic powers I broke the chains that we around her feet and arms. Ryoneye, Tanner, Beedesdabee and the owl-monkey had rushed towards us. Seeing how weak Kristine looked Beedesdabee offered to take her back to earth. Even though I knew that Beedesdabee was capable of great evil, in some weird way, I trusted her. Maybe it was because she was always there for me that contributed to that fact. Whatever it was I knew that Kristine was in "safe" hands. As soon as they had left then the Serpent, the two beasts and Hunter had appeared. 
"Of all the portals- you chose this one," Hunter said while laughing and then added, "I've always assumed that merfolk were our enemies." He directed his words to the Serpent. 
"Under your rule we have experienced nothing but suffering." Ryoneye said. His words caused the Serpent to shake his head to the left and then to the right. His boiling anger had become evident. 
"Kenyan!" The Serpent shouted as he cut through the air and came towards me. Without thinking my body exploded into a thick gray mist. Time slowed down. My spirit ascended. When the gray mist touched me I had fell; thus taking on the form of the wolf. As soon as the Serpent's head was in reach I lifted both of my paws and sent them crashing into the side of his head. This caused the Serpent to crash to the floor a few feet away from me. But he was up in the air again as quick as he went down. In his silver eyes I could see his anger. In a fast motion he slithered towards me and coiled around my leg. Before he could sink his fangs into me I had sunk my claws into his eye rendering him half blind. In a series of hisses and screams he moved around aimlessly. I turned my focus on Hunter who was shooting fire from out his hands. Tanner was the object of his destruction. It was evident that Hunter's new found power was the Serpent's doing. Giving humans such power was a rare thing but I guess in the Serpent's eyes he deserved it. Tanner hid behind a boulder while Hunter proceeded toward him with flames shooting out of his hands. Within the second that Hunter stopped shooting out the flames Tanner jumped up from the behind the boulder and cut his head off in one swift movement. Then he proceeded to help Ryoneye who was fighting the two beasts. Ryoneye was the toughest merman but even he was having a difficult time in defeating these beasts. 
The Serpent managed to fight through the pain and charged towards me again. With his head he knocked me onto his back. As he was about to sink his fangs into me I held him back with my paws against his chin. Although he was too strong for me. Both of us knew that I wouldn't be able to hold him off any longer. With each passing second his fangs came closer my body. After a few seconds of struggling the tip of his fangs had pierced my shoulder. Through my blood I could feel the venom creeping. It was slow and beyond painful. Due to my surprise of the extent of the pain I had let my guard down. I felt like it was all over and that I had failed. The Serpent tilted its head back and opened its mouth- ready to consume me. From the corner of my eye I saw the owl-monkey run up along the Serpent and claw out its other eye. By now the Serpent's head was fully covered in blood. In an attempt to stop the owl-monkey that was still violently clawing away at its eye the Serpent used its tail and send the small beast crashing to the ground. By the impact alone I could tell that there was no chance of survival for it. This creature had given up its life to save me. That fact, amongst other things, gave me the motivation that I needed. In a vain attempt to end my life the Serpent tried to sink its fangs into me again but I struck out its fang with my paw. The force knocked the fang off of the Serpent's head and sent him flying back into the air. Using all the strength that I could summon, with an explosion of mist, I had teleported and grabbed the fang. With the venom making its way to my heart I knew that this was my only shot. Failure was not an option. So I plunged the fang into the back of the Serpent's head. Due to the force the Serpent was stuck on the ground. His tail moved around helplessly. I stomped on its head and pulled its tail causing it to tear. It screamed in pain as I ripped it apart.
Then suddenly what appeared to be a blackish gray veil made its way over my eyes. Before I knew it I passed out.
Chapter 12 

Kenya and Kristine 

When I had came to I was told that I had been asleep for five days. Even though the Serpent had been destroyed there had been a factor that we had overlooked. Due to the fact that the Serpent had been in power for a long period in a time he had gained a lot of supporters who believed in his message. In Beedesdabee's choice to conceal the identity of the people who were on our side she failed to mention how much of a minority we were. Although I thank and respect her for every secret kept and every deed done. We may not have stopped the Organization but we have definitely caused a disruption within it. More so than that we caused a revolution. Not every creature and beast wanted to cause chaos and have control over Earth. Our actions were proof of that fact. Our actions gave many of those beasts and creatures the courage to boldly proclaim this. Things wouldn't be easy. Eventhough it would be a whileuntil the Organization appointed a new leader there is still a lot that needs to be done.
If I had the power to go back and change any of my actions- I don't think I would. My mistakes are my lessons; my failures are my motivation to be triumphant. Everything I have done has prepared me for this moment. For as long as I can remember I thought that this would all end once I had killed the Serpent. Now I see that the opposite is true. As cliché as it sounds: the war has only begun! 
When the beasts and demons had gone out to identify the "traitors" in the different dimensions they didn't know that it would turn into a battle; a battle that would turn into a war. Of all the dimensions Earth is the luckiest because the humans aren't aware of the war within the shadows. So it was due to this that Beedesdabee found a cabin in the woods for me and Kristine to recover. To my surprise, in my coma like state, she even told Kristine about the Organization in order to save me the struggle of doing so when I woke up. She didn't go into too much detail because she knew that that was my role. But I was glad that Kristine was finally able to understand where I was coming from. More so than that I was glad that she still decided to stay with me despite the hell that I put her through. "There's still so much more that we have to talk about but I want you to know that nothing will ever come between us," were her exact words.
With the help from the merfolk Beedesdabee placed us under a protection spell so that no one could find us or would be able to enter the cabin without our permission. For the next few days this spot would be our sanctuary. In fact anywhere with Kristine was my sanctuary. Which made me wonder what would happen to us once I was fully recovered. Would earth be safe? Would we have to go in hiding? But I pushed those thoughts aside. Afraid at what the outcome might be I pretended as if this moment was all I knew. Sitting on the bed and looking at Kristine- who had just gotten out of the shower. My eyes could not leave her. I felt like the most blessed man.
This is life, I thought, life is love.

"Kenya, I just remembered that Beedesdabee told me to give you something when you woke up." Kristine said while pointing to a folded piece of paper that was on the bedside table. She continued to dry herself while I reached for the paper. 

Kenya

We are on the brink 
Of a revolution
Recover then think 
You're the solution

Since you're the face
Of this revolution 
Front lines are your place 
To clear confusion

Recover then return
You've been trained
From lessons to learn
Knowledge is gained

We need you 
On the front lines again
We'll see you
On the front lines again 

I read it over twice just to make sure that I understood everything. Once the heaviness of her words had set in all I could do was- nothing. I just stared at the page and zoned out. All the questions of doubt that I had about my future were answered by this page. My duty was to lead the revolution within the different dimensions. I went from being just a boy who wanted to play guitar to leading a revolution in multiple spiritual realms. How did I get here? Where does this leave Kristine and I? Worry must have been evident on my face. After she had dressed up in blue sweat pants and a maroon sweater she jumped onto bed. She gave me a kiss and then lay down next to me.
"I'm assuming that you read the letter?" I asked her. 
"Yes and I was with Beedesdabee when she wrote it." She answered while rubbing her cheek on my chest and then added, "trust me, wherever you go I'll follow." 
"Are you sure?" I asked her. Even I could pick up on the doubt within my voice. In my mind I always assumed that she would run away as far as possible if she knew my secrets. Never, in my wildest dreams, would I believe that she would still accept me. Somehow she managed to look passed all the things I've done to see the person within. 
"I know that you have done a lot of bad things but I believe that by doing this you can redeem your soul." She said before tilting her head back to look at me. In her green eyes I could see tears. Leaning in, I gave her a kiss on the forehead. 
"I won't lie to you-" I held my breath- " I thought that you would hate me when you found the truth."
"I won't lie, it is a lot to take in but I'm here for you every step of the way." She said while tears fell down her face. 
"Everything is going to be alright, Kristine."
"Kenya, you are about to enter a spiritual war. Let's be realistic."
"You're worried about my well-being, aren't you?" I said while laughing. 
"It's not funny," she said in a matteroffact tone of voice before adding, "I'm trying really hard to cope with this but it's hard." She sat up right, wiped the tears from her face and rested her chin on the palm of her hand.
"You know what scares me- it's not that large snake or those demons- losing you scares me. I don't think I've felt this way about anything." She added.
"Neither have I," was my reply.
"I love you, Kenya!"
"I love you, Kristine!"

-TheEnd-

Song of Sadness
Chapter 1
"Seh, Gave Us Our Specialities"
(Within Those Ten Years)

Without anyone noticing Hunter and Raven locked the only two exits out of the hall with heavy chains and then proceeded backstage. Kenya and Bear said their goodbyes to the crowd and joined their bandmates. As they left the crowd roared for them to return.
Backstage there had been eight canisters of gasoline waiting for them. Kenya emptied out a whole canister on the floor. Raven lit a cigarette. After taking a couple of drags she threw it onto the floor and a large fire erupted.
Laughing and screaming with excitement Loch Mo ran around the school. Armed with gasoline and lighters they sent the school into a roar of flames. When their task had been done they ran out of the back of the school which led into the forest. Within theirs minds was the certainty that the firefighters, the police officers and journalists within the Organization would make them appear to be the only survivors of this 'freak of nature accident' that burned the school and students to ash. Nobody would suspect them of committing the crime. Everyone would listen to their story. Thus they could tell the world the story of Loch Mo.
"What the hell happened to you, Kenya?." Hunter said before he lit a cigarette. He closed his left eye as he inhaled the smoke into his lungs. As he exhaled he waved his hands in a gesture to get Kenya to talk. To his frustration Kenya just stared at him.
"Yeeeeeah, duuuuuude," Raven said before sitting down on a pile of leaves. By now she felt like her high was coming down. Adrenaline, that once filled her body, was replaced by curiosity.
"You go, like, missing for the whole day and then when you come back you're like someone else." Raven said while she fiddled with a few dead leaves. 
"You don't want to know where I was." Kenya finally managed to say.
"Piss off!" Hunter said almost immediately and then began to pace.
"If we didn't want to know then we wouldn't have asked you," he added. 
"Good job," Beedesdabee said. Her presence had startled the band due to the fact she had appeared out of nowhere. It was the first time that the band had seen her. Even though Kenya had already met her on numerous occasions he had to pretend as if he hadn't. 
"I'm Beedesdabee," she said even though she knew that they had recognised her voice. Her sweet yet authorative voice was too unique to forget. It was angelic yet demonic.
Hunter stopped pacing. His gaze was fixed on her. The cigarette fell out of his mouth. In his eyes Beedesdabee was magical. There was no other women nor anything else in the world that could compete with her beauty. Since she was able to access their minds she looked at Hunter and shook her head. To a 'normal' person this action would suggest 'no' but not to Hunter. He saw this as a challenge. Irritated by his folly she decided to voice her opinions. Embarrassment was her weapon of choice. This was the only way she could get her message through to him. Although as soon as she spoke she knew that it would pointless.
"I am your manager, your mentor and not your friend. Oh and, Hunter, I trust that you will be able to control your thoughts and hormones because in my eyes, you're nothing but a boy."
Even though she knew saying something would be pointless, her words did cause embarrassment. Loch Mo laughed at their frontman while he just folded his arms. 'She wants me,' was the only thing he kept saying over their laughter. He was unaware that this statement had caused them to laugh even harder. Since Hunter always got what he wanted he didn't know how to deal with rejection. 
"Follow me, we're going to meet the Serpent," she said over the group's laughter and Hunter's  grumbling about her previous statement.
Beedesdabee proceeded walking further into the forest. In silence, the band followed. Once Beedesdabee had reached a willow tree she had stopped. She placed both of her palms onto the bark of the tree. Her head dropped low.
"Ni su tel! Ni su tel! Leff neht welf ohw uoy." 
She kept on repeating these words, (which meant: Let us in; let us in, you who flew then fell,) until the bark of the tree opened up like a door.
Since this was the first time the band had seen this they stood in awe of the tree that invited them in with a radiant glow. Beedesdabee was the first to enter. Once inside the tree she had disappeared behind the golden light that shone from it. After about a minute the band followed. 

"I thought you guys weren't going to come in," Beedesdabee said while laughing and then added, "I will not tolerate hesitation." The seriousness of her statement was evident in her face and in her tone of voice. 
Her words had entered into the hearts of the bandmates but they stood in awe of their surroundings. They were in a large house that seemed to glow. Everything in this house seemed to be normal except for the fact that everything was tiny. The furniture, the pictures on the wall and even the windows that looked out into the forest- were all tiny. All the tiny contents within this large glowing house made it a very weird scene. As if a house within a tree wasn't weird enough. 
Six dwarves appeared out of nowhere. Other than their fully silver eyes they looked "normal," and even friendly. 
"Emoclew. Seno elttil, emoclew." The largest of the dwarves said as he extended both his arms out to the side. Since the band didn't know what he was saying they just stood there and looked at him. 
"Evol fo egaugnal eht meht hcaet ot deen llits I." Beedesdabee said to the dwarf, who was clearly the leader of the pack.
"Emahs." The dwarves said in unison upon the realisation that these humans couldn't speak the language known as Evol. 
"What are they saying," Hunter asked. 
"They welcomed you, little ones, into their home." Beedesdabee replied.
"Little ones?" Bear asked while laughing. 
"Don't let their appearance fool you. They are Nephilim: the sons of demons and humans. When they join together they make the largest giant you will ever see in your life." She said.
"So, in actuality, all these six beings are one?"
"Correct, Kenya." Beedesdabee said with a smile. 
Immersed within the conversation they didn't even know that the dwarves had left the sitting room. When they returned they came with trays of food for each person. 
"Aren't we supposed to be leaving?!" Hunter said, making no attempt to conceal his boredom. Looking down at the small plate of food, which looked like mud, he added: "please let's leave."
"In their eyes it's rude to just enter their house and leave so shut up and enjoy your food." Beedesdabee said.
"How can we? Just like look at this crap-" Raven stopped herself as she looked at the tray of food before her. It was no longer mud but it was steak and salad. It had transformed into her favourite meal. Looking around at the others, who struggled sitting around the small table, she saw that they had their favourite meals too. Her brother had pizza, Hunter had seafood, Kenya had a burger with fried chips and Beedesdabee had soup which looked a lot like blood. The group ate their food while the dwarves entertained them with song and dance. By the end of the meal the band felt guilty that they had been so rude to the dwarves especially because the dwarves had been awfully polite. With the help of Beedesdabee, the band expressed their gratitude. After saying their farewells the band was instructed to put the silver food trays on the floor. A few seconds passed before the trays began to illuminate. Upon Beedesdabee's orders the band stepped onto the trays. Before they knew it they were transported to another dimension. 
They had been transported to the Serpent's dimension.

Demons and creatures that were an abomination to nature as well as fire filled the entirety of this dimension. Screams, heavy winds and smell of sulphur and brimstone filled the atmosphere. Within each of the band's bellies they could feel uneasiness. This dimension had an uncanny resemblance to the earthly realm except this dimension was consumed by Death, destruction and fire. 
"This dimension is my home," Beedesdabee said as they walked passed creatures that were a hybrid of horses mixed with bears. These creatures were  digging holes in a burnt down field. Their silver eyes were focused on the task at hand. 
Within this dimension were many pits but Beedesdabee advised the band not to look inside of them. She said that the pits were created for punishment. Although overtime the pits sole purpose were to imprison any human, demon or creature that committed a crime against the Organization. 
"Like, what are you?" Raven's question was directed at Beedesdabee. She looked similar to the other demons. Although she didn't appear to be as evil as them; yet at the same time she seemed to be the most powerful. That fact was made evident by the way all of the other demons and creatures looked at her in fear. She also didn't have silver eyes which made her stand out from the rest. 
"She's a demon," Kenya answered on her behalf, "what do you think?"
"You're half right, Kenyan but I will tell you guys later. Right now, it's time to meet the Serpent." She said in a soft voice as they stopped before a large castle-like-building that was made of fire and burnt brick.

It was dark within the Serpent's kingdom. Thanks to the guidance of a creature, that was a cross breed with a lion and a gorilla, they were led to a room that was larger than an assembly room. The first thing they noticed was the Serpent that was coiled upon the stage. Along the walls of the room were demons that stood with lit candles in their hands. This was the only source of light. Their faces were concealed with masks but their silver eyes still radiated. 
Following Beedesdabee to the middle of the room they noticed that there were other teenagers there as well. Kenya counted eight teenagers. He assumed that they must have been other bands too because he noticed that the rest of his bandmates recognised some of them. 
As they nodded and greeted each other, Kenya recognised the one band. 
This is the band I saw at the music show, he thought, the same band that caused that boy to killed his parents. 
"Loch Mo, Death Filled Taxi and Mermaids Murmurs, welcome to my kingdom." The Serpent said with a loud voice. He was no longer coiled but was now hovering on stage. 
As quick as he could, Hunter tilted his head to see Mermaids Murmurs since they were an all girl band. In a subtle snap of Beedesdabee's fingers his gaze returned to the Serpent. His eyes were wide open at the fact that she had been able to control him. It was something he knew that he was subjected to although he didn't want to believe it.
"You've all done something to get here. Now is not the time to feel proud," the Serpent said. "The challenge is only beginning."
"Challenge?" Kenya shouted out.
"Shhhh!" Beedesdabee scolded him.
"Yes," the Serpent answered before continuing, "Rock music is on the rise. One band will get the chance to be the forerunners of this movement."
"Well, what's the first challenge then?" A girl from Mermaids Murmurs asked. Her manager also told her to keep quiet but she just ignored him. 
"Rebels will be rebels," the Serpent said as he laughed. 
"Extended Terriority, is the name of the first challenge. It's all about getting the most fans and turning them into junkies. 
Each band will be assigned a drug, that drug will be associated with your band until the end of time. The more people that are on that drug the more people will be attached you guys." 
"I like the sound of that," a guy from Death Filled Taxi shouted. 
"Ruby from Mermaids Murmurs, Bear from Loch Mo and Jono from Death Filled Taxi, may I have your attention?" The Serpent asked in a surprisingly polite tone of voice. 
"You guys are the leaders of this challenge, so when I dismiss the rest of your bandmates you guys must remain."
Without hesitation nor allowing his words to digest into everyone's mind he shouted, "you're dismissed."
Beedesdabee gave a nod to Bear and walked out. It was evident that he was partly afraid but his carefree attitude rose to the surface as he nodded goodbye to his bandmates and blew a kiss to his sister. 
"What's gonna like happen to Bear," Raven asked once they were out of the Serpent's kingdom. 
"We will see him tomorrow, most probably but trust me he is safe. Knowing Bear, he will probably enjoy his time in the drug workshop."
Beedesdabee's words comforted her and gave her (something similar to) peace within her mind. 

-to be continued-



