SPLINTERED SOULS


SHEVON LIM
Copyright © 2020 Shevon Lim
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 9798577768058
 


The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved. - Mother Teresa








PROLOGUE


It is during our darkest moments when we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle Onassis

✯✯✯ 

Red is a colour that I’m long accustomed to by now.

It’s such a pretty colour—to me at least. And to be honest, I have no idea how I should feel. I’ve done many things in my quest for vengeance, but if I had to choose all over again, I know that I would still make the same decisions.

I am just so tired. Of everything.

I now truly see what everything has come to—and to be honest, I’m not even sure if I like it.

Liam asked me once why I’m doing this, and I didn’t know what to tell him in the beginning. They took everything from me. I just want revenge—plain and simple. Is that too much to ask for? 

I had my reasons for doing what I did. But is that even really the truth, or am I just lying to myself—just like I did to everyone else?

Lies and deceit have almost become a part of me by now. I’ve been in this business for so many years that I no longer know which is the real me and which is the false me. I don’t even know if I’m living a lie.

Is the me that I see whenever I look into a mirror…real?

I have no idea how many years I’ve seen the same thing happen over and over, and yet, I am unable to stop it. People live. And then they die. It is the natural cycle of the world. 

I’ve never once questioned it.

After all, the only way to be alive is to not be dead—or in other terms—to deny death. But that’s impossible, isn’t it? We must one day accept the fact that we’re mortal, and that we will, someday in the future, die. That is the way of all things living.

And yet, we only know how to fight. It is what we’re created to do. Fighting is really all that we can do.

It could have easily been Liam standing in my shoes right now, and I standing in his—our roles reversed if things have been different. Is it bad of me to feel relieved that it isn’t that case? He isn’t cut out for this.

He’s a good person. He is everything that I’m not.

I can’t turn back anymore.

I made my decision years ago, and I do not regret it.

In Gale’s words a long time ago, ‘let the world burn, but let justice be done’.

✯✯✯ 

Ethan Blake lifted his head slightly as he heard the sounds of light scuffles, and kept his position as they changed to the scraping of metal on metal, and the sudden reverberation of gunshots. The sounds ended as abruptly as they had begun.

A petite figure soon appeared in front of the jail cell that he shared with Hayden Ashford, and Ethan’s eyes widened a fraction when he recognised the battered and bleeding figure of his best friend.

“…Yuri?” 

Yuri nodded to him, breathing a tad bit heavily. Identical twin blades, currently clutched in her hands, had been stained with blood—droplets of the crimson liquid dripped from the ends onto the cold gray concrete next to her feet.

“I’m getting you out of here.” Yuri explained in between huffs, producing a key ring from which various keys of different sizes and colours hung. She inserted one of the keys into the cell’s lock whilst Ethan tried his best to rouse Hayden, to no avail.

The torture and intensive beating that Hayden had been through for the past two weeks had been worse than what Ethan had to undergo, and he is barely conscious. Ethan almost feared the worst when Hayden’s skin felt unusually cold to the touch.

“Hayden’s unconscious.” Ethan told Yuri as she unlocked the shackles restraining their wrists to the thick stone walls behind them, just leaving enough length for them to lay down. He then placed one of Hayden’s arms around his shoulders, stumbling slightly on his feet with the weight of the taller boy. “Come on, Hade. Don’t die on me now.” Ethan said grimly, tightening his hold. 

Hayden mumbled some incoherent words in response, and Ethan’s tense expression softened. At the very least, Hayden is responding.

“I’m getting you out of here.” Yuri said again even as she supported Hayden’s unconscious body on his other side, a look of worry visible in her eyes as she glanced at Hayden. “The Guard will be after us soon. We have to hurry.” Her eyes flickered about—on the watch for any suspicious shadows, her left hand clutching one of her blades.

“You’re coming too, right?” Ethan asked Yuri anxiously.

For a long time, Yuri didn’t answer, and Ethan feared the worst. But then, finally, she turned to look at him as they walked out of the cell. As the flame torches on the stone walls illuminated her eyes, and she nodded.

“…Yes.”






1

LOOMINGS


Your present circumstances don’t determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start. - Nido Qubein

✯✯✯ 

A tall man clothed in regal majestic clothing stood at his balcony railings, the night winds causing his robes to swish around him. He nursed a half glass of expensive red wine in his right hand, although his gaze was fixed on the moon hovering above.

His crimson eyes held a hint of contempt as he spied the small forms of people in the streets below, scavenging through bins.

Trash. Vermin.

They shouldn’t be here, polluting his beautiful and wonderful country with their very existences. Maybe another Reaping was in order—he always looked forward to the event—enjoyed listening to the wails as he ripped loved ones away from their families. 

Music to his ears.

The nation of Adaytren had originally been a kingdom, ruled supremely by a monarch. But that system had changed several decades ago when the last king had decided to change his beloved kingdom—turning it into a democracy.

A nation for the people, as the last king had put it.

Then, a little over two decades ago, the prince – a direct descendant from the royal family when Adaytren had still been known as a kingdom – had staged a coup d’état. It was the most violent rebellion that the continent had ever seen—now dubbed by the vast populace of Adaytren as The Uprising.

Everyone blocking the prince’s path had been killed—the current members of Parliament, visiting dignitaries, government officials, and even their attendants. 

Drastic changes had been made ever since the Effendi had come to power. The people of Adaytren quickly learned the hard way that their new leader was a cruel and malicious man, executing all those that have opposed him—even if that someone posed no real threat. It didn’t take long for everyone to lose the courage to say a word against the Effendi. Small crimes like petty theft or pick pocketing were met with capital punishment. Even slavery, which had been outlawed by democratic law, had been brought back by the Effendi. 

And despite all the suffering, the Effendi had never bothered to lift a finger to help his people—in his opinion, (and that of the corrupted nobles and rich merchants), if those people couldn’t fend for themselves, what business was it of theirs?

And not long after the prince had taken power as the Effendi after the Uprising, he had closed off all of Adaytren’s trade routes and borders—thus shutting off all communications with the outside world.

Ever since The Uprising, the nation of Adaytren had never known a day of peace. Homeless and starving people are a common sight—especially in the rural provinces. 

There was a knock on the doors of the prince’s chambers. He called for whomever was on the other side to enter, and immediately, a man dressed in the black and white military uniform strode into the room, stopped a few paces away from his superior, and saluted him. 

“Effendi.” The Captain saluted smartly. “We’ve captured a man whom we believe to be a Legion agent. What are your orders, My Lord?”

The prince paused, his interest peaking. A Legion agent? 

During the early days when he’d first claimed his rightful place as Effendi, there had been stragglers from the Legion—those thrice damned special agents who tried to thwart him and his authority, and to ‘save’ the spineless insects of society. 

He had rounded up as many of those agents as possible, before having them publicly executed. There hadn’t been a true Legion agent seen ever since. Even the contractors, informants and mercenaries who had worked with them had disappeared—presumed to be in hiding, licking their wounds and not daring to show themselves.

“Send him to the Caelum facility.” A devious smirk spread on the Effendi’s face even as he pondered on this. “And let Marcus have some…fun with him.”

The Effendi ignored the Captain’s shiver and almost horrified expression. 

One of the most skilled interrogators and torture specialists that the prince had at his disposal, every prisoner who underwent Marcus’ ‘tender treatments’ never left his facility alive, or at least in one piece—body and mind.

“As you wish, sire.” The Captain murmured before leaving the room.

The prince turned his back on the retreating Captain and stared up at the moon. “So it begins,” he chuckled darkly. “What would it take for you to realise that going against me is meaningless?”

His malicious laughter echoed into the night sky.

✯✯✯ 

The Caelum facility, built by orders of the Effendi when he had first came into power, was one of the ten prison facilities scattered all across Adaytren. Those labelled as criminals that weren’t executed were thrown into such facilities for questioning, experimentation, and finally being sold off as slaves. The profits from such sales financed the facilities in a cycle of uninterrupted horror for those locked inside. The Caelum facility, however had only one purpose. 

Interrogation.

As such, the citizens of Adaytren avoided the prison facilities like the plague, even keeping a large distance away from the facility perimeters.

Thus, the two guards on duty at the Caelum facility were understandably suspicious when they saw two figures approaching late one evening.

The two figures both seemed to be in their early twenties at best. The male of the duo stood about a head taller than his female companion, and looked well built, in contrast to her petite frame.

The guards bristled at the uncommon intrusion by two people not wearing military uniforms. One of them unslung his rifle and aimed it at the pair as they approached, suspicion in his eyes as he surveyed them.

“Halt! Who are you?” he demanded.

The two exchanged looks before flashing identification cards as one. 

The two guards tensed as they caught sight of the symbols on the cards—the crest of a pair of criss-crossed swords atop a pair of weighing scales—Dominion. The symbol identifying the members that belonged to the most elite squadron amongst the Effendi’s forces—the best of the best.

“Level six authorisation.” The male responded before their identification cards were swiped back out of sight. “We’re here to escort a prisoner to the Royal City.”

“I never heard anything about it.” One of the guards stated with suspicion.

Now he could see them clearly, the pair looked a bit young to be Dominion with that level of authorisation. But then again, anything was possible with the Effendi’s taskforces.

“Level six authorisation.” The female repeated their words as if it would explain everything. 

She narrowed her eyes at the guards dangerously, and the first guard gulped, questioning himself whether he really wished to go against a Dominion soldier. The rumours he’d heard all portrayed Dominion as merciless and highly skilled—the nation’s best killers and soldiers. There were only a mere handful of them, but each were worth a hundred common soldiers easily—capable enough on the battlefield to take on an entire squadron all by themselves. 

It wasn’t in them to be compassionate. Even to their fellow soldiers.

He was about to let them through when his companion stopped him, a predatory glint appearing in his eyes. “Can I see your identification cards once more, sirs?” he enquired politely, but with an underlying tone to his voice. “Forgive my impudence, but I need to verify your identities as well as your presences here. It’s all protocol, as I’m sure you understand.”

The pair exchanged looks again, a silent message passing between them, before they turned back towards the guards. “Sure, I understand.” The female answered coolly, reaching her left hand within the folds of her jacket.

In the next moment, she lashed out and upwards with her right foot, kicking the rifle from the hands of the second guard, sending it flying to the ground several feet away. Her companion was quick to follow up by grasping the right wrist of the first guard, twisting it enough to crack the bones. As the guard pitched forwards, bent at the waist against the pain, the young man brought his knee up into the guard’s nose—easily shattering the cartilage.

“Damn it…!” The second guard cussed before reaching towards his side-holster, ready to remove his handgun, but both he and his fellow guard froze at the sight of two similar looking black handguns aimed at their heads.

“We’ll have none of that.” The male stated in a low voice, eyes warning them not to so much as twitch. “Don’t fucking move, both of you. Do so, and I’ll blow your brains out.”

The second guard coughed harshly, cradling his broken wrist to his chest, tears pooling at the corners of his eyes due to the pain. “What are you here for?” he croaked. 

“You have a new prisoner, don’t you? Brought in two days ago?” The female questioned. “Which cell is he held in?”

“N-New prisoner?” The second guard croaked. They’d had a new arrival at the facility just that morning – a little before dawn – but two days ago?

Whilst the two were busy with the second guard, the first guard decided to take that chance to reach for his flare gun. 

Before his hand disappeared within the folds of his jacket, he was kicked to the ground none-too-gently, immediately tasting the metallic tang of blood in his mouth. A booted foot slammed onto his back, keeping him pinned to the ground. Coughing harshly, the first guard barely managed to turn his head enough to see his new assailant—a third person.

Like the first male from before, he is also of a similar age and well built—although a fraction shorter than the brunette male from before—and dressed in a similar fashion to his two companions.

“We’ll have none of that.” The new arrival said coldly. “You won’t be calling anyone here. You won’t be calling anyone, period.” He warned.

“Who…are you?” The second guard quavered, still on his knees, cradling his wrist to his chest.

The first guard who is still pinned to the ground by the new arrival had a fair idea who they are now however. Like almost every single soldier or guard that serves in the Effendi’s Guard, he had heard tales of that group.

“Isn’t it obvious?” The first guard croaked back to his colleague, his voice thick and nasal due to his broken nose. His eyes flitted from one to the other. “You’re Blade!”

Blade were well known amongst the people of Adaytren, particularly the soldiers and the Effendi. For three years, the three-person group of vigilantes had been the people’s advocate and worked from the shadows. They had done their best to keep their anonymity—with varying levels of success. And despite the size of the group, they had enough skills between them to somehow slip past locked doors and countless guards and kill several important government officials without anyone realising until it was too late. They are assassins, contract killers, plain and simple.

“You know who we are then.” Ethan Blake sneered, still with his foot pressing down on the back of the guard. “That makes things simple.” He smacked the guard with the back of his gun, easily knocking him out.

A few paces away, Hayden Ashford did the same thing, knocking out the second guard with the back of his gun. For a few moments, there was silence as the girl, Yuri, and Hayden tied up the two guards with the zip-ties that they’d carried with them. The trio’s only girl looked up at Ethan, clearly annoyed. “You’re late,” she chided, before heading straight into the guard house. There isn’t a moment to lose after all.

“My apologies.” Ethan said smoothly as he followed Yuri and watched her log into the computer terminal and proceed to hack into the facilities’ central database. Data, words and numbers, that made no sense to him at all, appeared on the screen. “I had to knock out the patrols on the way here. Marcus isn’t here though.” He told his friends. “He’s been recalled by the Effendi to the Royal City.”

“Lucky for us then.” Hayden sighed in relief at not having to face one of Dominion’s members. “And if we’re lucky, we can get the files on the POWs, the government officials, the soldiers, and even the known Legion agents to the Effendi.” He exchanged looks with Ethan over Yuri’s head. “Before we get around to the whole breaking-out issue. Of course.”

“Got it.” Yuri announced at last, looking at her two friends before removing the portable disc that she’d inserted into the terminal moments prior. “I got the files that we need. And…” She glanced at the screen before looking back towards her friends, a grim expression visible on her face. “Cell B16.” She reached out and plucked a ring of keys hanging from a hook on the wall. “Let’s go.”

✯✯✯ 

The cell passageways of the Caelum facility were dark and could make one almost claustrophobic due to how close the walls were, with just dim lamps lining the walls to give some light. As every prison facility in Adaytren pretty much had the same layout, Yuri, Hayden and Ethan didn’t have many problems navigating through it. They’d broken into the others on numerous occasions, but always to lift files rather than to liberate a prisoner.

It was silent as the trio walked down the passageway. The Effendi preferred to keep his best soldiers close by his side in the Royal City, so the lack of guards inside that part of the facility didn’t cause the group any concern.

They walked past steel door after steel door with small bars fitted near the top of each door to allow one to look into it, and a small cat flap fitted at the bottom—for the guards to give the prisoners food. More than once, they could hear light sniffles and groans coming from behind the reinforced steel. 

Only the numbered plaques next to the doors changed the scenery as they walked.

Yuri forced herself to look forwards and walk, refusing to give in and to let those prisoners out. She knew as well as her two friends that releasing all the prisoners would make the situation worse for the people of Adaytren.

Besides, they were only there for one person in particular. 

The leader of an underground mercenary group that Blade had been working with since the very beginning had contacted Yuri two nights previously, frantic that one of his people hadn’t returned from a scouting mission. After some investigations, they’d found out that their guy had been taken to the Caelum facility. That had been two days ago, and thus, this had brought Yuri, Ethan and Hayden to the very same place.

Yuri is getting nervous however, even though she didn’t show it save for the slight nibbling of her bottom lip. Every second spent there was a second too long. That Marcus could return at any moment was too great a risk to take. Besides, Lesley had been incarcerated for two days. Anything could have happened to him in that time—everyone knew the Effendi’s thoughts on Legion agents and rebels.

“Be careful.” Ethan warned as they arrived at the top of a staircase leading down into the holding cells normally reserved only for the most dangerous prisoners. 

The three were used to the darkness. Most of their fighting happened under the cloak of night. Thus, it wasn’t too difficult for them to navigate down the stairs, with their eyes slowly adjusting to the dim gloom, cast by a handful of light flickering near the bottom of the stairs.

“Come on, we have to hurry.” Hayden urged the others as they reached the bottom of the stairs, and quickly surveyed their surroundings as best they could.

Multiple cells lined the narrow corridor, but all three teens knew just where to go. Yuri was the first to reach the cell closest to the staircase.

B16. 

And there, within the darkness of the cell, with his back against the cold stone wall, his limbs chained to the wall behind him, sat a lanky young man in his early twenties. His usually blonde hair looked brown with the dirt and grime, and there were multiple abrasions on his face. Cuts littered his chest, visible through the ribbons of his shirt, now almost completely stiff with dried blood.

Yuri fumbled with the ring of keys that she’d taken from the guard house as the blonde lifted his head, slowly and tiredly. His brown eyes squinted in the darkness before widening as he saw Yuri through the bars of his cell.

“Yuri?” Lesley rasped, licking at his dry and chapped lips. “Are Ethan and Hayden—”

“Here.” Ethan and Hayden spoke in unison, appearing on either side of Yuri, their eyes narrowing as they saw the state of him. Yuri unlocked the door, and all three rushed into the cell. 

The shackles were soon unlocked and fell to the ground, making a loud echoing noise that sounded almost ominous in the corridor. Lesley rubbed at his wrists, wincing as he aggravated one of his injuries.

“What did they do to you?” Hayden demanded.

“I’ll live.” Lesley sidestepped the question before cracking a small, grim smile. “This is nothing. But…” He looked up at Yuri. “Yuri, they got a Legion agent here. Save him. Please.” He grasped weakly at Yuri’s coat sleeve.

Yuri, Ethan and Hayden exchanged bewildered looks before turning back to Lesley. “They got one?” Ethan demanded. After all, Legion agents were notoriously good at hiding from the Effendi’s grasp. “Are you sure?”

Lesley nodded. “I heard the guards talking about it,” he croaked. “They dragged him past my cell this morning—I saw him. He looked almost half-dead. He won’t last long at this rate. I think that there are still some interrogators with him now. His cell should be the one at the end of the corridor.”

Yuri nodded slowly. It made sense that since they hadn’t heard anything thus far, that the agent was being kept in the cell furthest from where they stood.

“If they are an agent from the Legion, we can’t leave them.” Ethan said, worried, looking from one to the other before glancing at Lesley.

Yuri closed her eyes briefly, knowing what train of thought was running through Ethan’s head. “I’ll go,” she said at last, getting to her feet. “Take care of Lesley, and get out of here as soon as you can. I’ll meet you outside the facility.”

Ethan and Hayden nodded before Yuri exited the cell that Lesley had been kept in, almost jogging down the passageway, heading towards the furthest cell. Her eyes widened and her pace quickened further as she heard loud grunts of pain, and the tell-tale sounds of a whip thrashing across flesh.

She didn’t waste any time by immediately kicking in the unlatched metal door and saw several things at once.

A tall, lean young man with black hair was chained to the ceiling by his wrists. Several whip marks, bruises and blood were visible on his bare torso. His face was pale, with blood plastering his hair to his face.

Two soldiers were standing in front of the young man—one held a black whip at chest-height, whilst the other wore bloodstained gloves. The soldiers were obviously taken by surprise by Yuri’s sudden arrival. Before they could recover, Yuri was already halfway across the room, drawing her handgun from the holster at her hip, shooting at the soldier with the whip before he could even move. The bullet struck him in the forehead. 

The soldier slumped to the ground, unmoving.

Yuri used her momentum to pursue the second soldier, who had finally begun to move into a defensive stance, and kicked him across the face, causing him to crash against the wall behind him. Before the soldier could recover, Yuri had already sent a bullet into his head. He slid down the wall, leaving a patch of blood trailing behind as he did so.

Every nerve in Yuri’s body screamed. She tensed and ducked, barely dodging out of the way of a silver blade that seemed to come from nowhere, piercing the space where Yuri’s head had been a moment before, clattering to the stone floor noisily.

Yuri turned and dropped into a battle ready stance, cautious eyes trained on the tall, well-built man standing at the doorway. Her eyes moved down his face and glance at his uniform; Effendi’s Guard, but with a familiar black coat that bore a familiar emblem on his left arm—Dominion.

Yuri narrowed her eyes. Damn. And there she was hoping that they wouldn’t run into him, too. She really had the worst luck ever.

“Marcus.” Yuri murmured, eyes not leaving the man in front of her, tightening her hold on her handgun, whilst her left hand dropped onto the hilt of the blade at the back of her waist, ready to draw it out within a moment’s notice. 

“Yuri.” Marcus nodded to her, smiling coldly. “Can’t say that I’m surprised.” He commented. “And if you’re here, can I assume that Hayden and Ethan are, too?”

“I wonder?” Yuri murmured, eyes narrowing as Marcus took another step closer, and she then shifted so that she is partially shielding the Legion agent behind her. “One step closer, Marcus, and I’ll blow your brains out.” She warned, shifting her hold on her gun.

Marcus smirked before he chuckled darkly. “It’s those irresistible eyes,” he commented, with an air of someone discussing the weather. “Those are the eyes of someone who lives to kill!” He announced. “Come back, Yuri. You’ve always been special—such a highly skilled killer for one of your age.” He repeated the words that Yuri had become sick of hearing. “One of Dominion’s Enforcers.” Yuri met Marcus’ eyes with a steely, unflinching expression. “If only you just ask, I’m sure that the Effendi will forgive you.”

“I refuse.” Yuri stated coldly, eyes not moving away from Marcus. “I left for a reason. So did Hayden and Ethan. Even Leticia and Karen.”

“In a world such as ours, the weak die. You have power at your fingertips. Why did you abandon everything?” Marcus questioned.

“I woke up. I opened my eyes.” Yuri retorted. “I refuse to go back to being that person.”

“And so you decided to be what—a mere mercenary?” Marcus mocked, taking a step closer, and only the light click as Yuri partially unsheathed the sword at the back of her waist stopped Marcus in his tracks. The man clearly hadn’t forgotten just what Yuri was capable of, and had no wish to see his head separated from his shoulders. “Do you honestly think that we don’t know what you’ve been doing? And you sided with fools like those?” Marcus’ scornful gaze flickered towards the Legion agent behind Yuri. “Legion agents who couldn’t do a single damn thing? Do you honestly think that you, Ethan and Hayden can leave just like this? The three of you whom had once been Enforcers? Dominion’s elites? The only reason the commander hadn’t sent people after you is because he hoped that you would return on your own once you realised your foolishness. Come back, Yuri.” Marcus said once more. “No matter how much you try, you can never run from your past.”

Yuri scowled as Marcus’ words brought up unwanted memories. “I’ll take my chances.”

Marcus sneered. “Stop wasting your skills as a mercenary and come back to Dominion. Someone covered with as much blood as you can’t hope to live a normal life.”

“Watch me.” Yuri hissed, feeling her temper slowly bubble to the surface as memories that she would rather not remember resurfaced. “You won’t be taking me back—and you won’t be killing that Legion agent either. Not if I can help it. And you’ll find that Hayden, Ethan and I are sturdier than you think. We will not fall. No matter what you do to us. No matter what the Effendi does to us. And no matter what he orders. You know this. We are former Dominion soldiers. Enforcers. We are the blades of darkness. I made my choice that day. I do not regret it.”

Marcus scoffed. “I see,” he said. “No matter. I have no intention to fight you here, so sheathe your blade, Yuri.” He told her, looking intently at the partially unsheathed blade behind Yuri’s waist. “I’ll let you leave with the Legion agent peacefully. You are an Enforcer. And you will always be one. Know this; you’ll soon learn just how fruitless your efforts are when you try to defy the Effendi and his rule.”

With his piece said, Marcus then turned to leave the room, the ends of his coat swishing around his thighs, with Dominion’s crest visible on his back. 

Yuri didn’t move or speak for a long time, eyes trained on the doorway, wary that Marcus would come back at any moment. She knew why Marcus had left so anti-climactically. In an enclosed place like the facility, their fight might have brought the entire place down around their ears.

Finally, once Yuri was certain that Marcus wouldn’t be returning, she reached forward and plucked a set of silver keys from the front pocket of the second soldier she had killed earlier, before turning towards the Legion agent. The guy was clearly still unconscious—his body worn down due to the intense torture that he’d been put through. Part of Yuri was glad for it—he couldn’t have heard anything that he shouldn’t—such as her conversation with Marcus.

“Hey. Wake up.” Yuri tapped the agent on the cheek gently, trying to stir some sort of response from him. A light groan escaped from his lips as he stirred lightly, blinking half-opened and glazed green eyes at Yuri, not showing any further signs of comprehension. 

Yuri sighed in relief. Okay. This guy is definitely still alive.

Almost like a puppet whose strings had just been cut, the agent slumped to the ground as Yuri unlocked the chains. He half-sat, mutely rubbing at his wrists, the skin around them an angry red from being bound. He then looked up at Yuri, blinking slowly to focus on his surroundings. The fog around his mind seemed to clear slowly, and his eyes widened as he saw Yuri, staring at her as if he’d just seen a ghost.

“…Liam?” he almost whispered.

Yuri frowned. Liam? “What?”

The Legion agent flushed. “Sorry. It’s just…” He studied Yuri’s face carefully before shaking his head, as if clearing his thoughts. “It’s nothing. You just…look like someone I know.”

Yuri raised a brow, but didn’t bother to ask any further questions. “Can you walk?” she asked even as she placed one of the agent’s arms around her shoulders, and almost staggered beneath his taller and heavier frame. Yuri felt him nod. “What’s your name?”

“E-Evan.” The agent rasped before coughing, leaning most of his weight on Yuri. “Evan Piers.”

“All right. Evan, I’m getting you out of here. But we have to hurry. Come on.” It was all that Yuri could do to get Evan and herself out of the cell and up the stairs as quickly as she could manage without dropping the agent, who could barely walk upright, whilst keeping a sharp eye out for any enemies. She noted with relief that she didn’t run into Marcus whilst making their way out. Yuri navigated and made her way through the facility’s passageways until she was outside.

She found Hayden and Ethan waiting for her, with Hayden supporting Lesley. The latter was leaning most of his weight on the taller boy, looking exhausted due to what he’d been put through for the past two days.

All three looked up as one when Yuri made her appearance, their eyes widening when they caught sight of Evan.

“Is he all right?” Lesley was injured and exhausted, but not too out of it to take in the situation.

“He’s still alive, at least.” Yuri told her friends, making a mental note to tell them about Marcus once they were alone. “We have to get him to a doctor though. Maybe Kara will agree to treat him.”

Ethan nodded slowly in agreement. Since Evan wasn’t a direct enemy or one of the Effendi’s men, the doctor of the Undertakers, Lesley’s underground mercenary group, wouldn’t refuse to treat him.

The three friends, along with the two new additions, didn’t dare to linger any longer. As quickly as they could, Ethan, Hayden and Yuri made their way towards where they’d earlier stashed their motorcycles.

Lesley rode pillion with Hayden whilst Yuri placed Evan behind her. Following that, all three bikes shot off as fast as they could towards the Undertakers’ headquarters, with Ethan in the lead.

They were halfway to their destination when Evan groaned and his fingers fisted around the fabric of Yuri’s shirt. “Shit,” he groaned, and Yuri could feel that Evan’s skin was on fire. Most likely due to some infection in his wounds.

“Keep yourself awake.” Yuri urged, turning her head every so often to look at Evan over her shoulder. “Don’t go to sleep, you hear me, Evan?” The words if you do, you’ll never wake up went unspoken, but Evan probably knew it himself, having been a Legion agent.

His breathing was already erratic, coming out as heavy pants. Yuri furrowed her brows with concern before twisting the accelerator further and overtaking Ethan’s bike. There were several moments before both her friends quickly kept in pace with her, and Ethan took the lead once more. Yuri didn’t need to say anything for both Ethan and Hayden to know that they needed a doctor as soon as possible.

Evan was nearly unconscious by the time that they arrived in the small, quiet town of Laymount. 

Before the Uprising, Laymount had been a flourishing harbour town. After the Effendi had come into power, and thus, had shut off all trade and harbour routes in and out of the nation of Adaytren, the place had almost fallen into ruin. 

Even now, the citizens only managed to feed themselves by planting and growing their own food, or fishing. Most of the citizens that lived in Laymount had become farmers or fishermen, eking out a hand-to-mouth existence in what had once been a bright, thriving place. Only a few shops dotted the main street, amongst which were a seamstress, a sell-all merchant, and a bar.

Yuri, Ethan and Hayden stopped at the back entrance of the bar. Not everyone in the town could be trusted, and not all of them knew that the Undertakers’ headquarters had moved in a short time prior. It was always better to be overly cautious.

Ethan was the first one to reach the back door. He held it open, letting Yuri and Hayden enter with their respective loads. Ethan had then raced past them down the hall and towards the main area of the bar, where the congregated Undertaker members looked up in surprise when he burst into the room.

“Ethan?” Alec, the head of the Undertakers, got to his feet, a worried expression on his face. His green eyes widened. “Is Lesley—”

“He’s fine.” Ethan interrupted, putting Alec’s worries at ease. “We saved someone along with Lesley—a Legion agent.” He wasn’t surprised that Alec’s immediately astonished expression was matched by every other Undertaker present. “He’s heavily injured however. We need Kara’s help.”

A young woman with wavy auburn hair nodded and stepped forwards, pushing past Ethan and towards the room that they use as the infirmary at the back of the bar.

Yuri and Hayden were waiting outside the door, almost as though guarding it, when Kara and Ethan arrived.

“Leave them to me.” Kara told them before entering the room and closing the door firmly behind her, much to Ethan’s bewilderment.

There was silence for several moments before Alec sighed and turned towards Yuri, running his fingers through his hair. “All right. What happened?” he paused. “And do I even want to know?” He added wryly.

Yuri, Hayden and Ethan exchanged looks. “We found Lesley in the Caelum facility—like you told us.” Yuri was the first one to speak, and Alec nodded. “His injuries are bad, but nothing life threatening. He was conscious enough to tell us that a Legion agent was brought in sometime early this morning.”

“And all of us know what the Effendi does to Legion agents.” Ethan interrupted. “He hates them almost as much as he hates those in the underground society. We couldn’t just leave him to die, so we brought him with us. It seems bad—what they’ve done to him.”

Nicholas, Alec’s second-in-command and best friend—a young man with dark hair and eyes, and a tanned complexion, sighed, rubbing his temples. “Is there no end to what they’re capable of?” he asked wearily. 

“I think the correct question here should be what aren’t they capable of, Nicholas.” Hayden pointed out sourly.

Alec sighed, having found that he had been doing this a lot lately. “Thanks for the help, you three,” he said at last. “We’ll take care of Lesley from here. The Legion agent will be fine, too, once Kara works her magic.” He received nods from everyone around him at that—they knew the extent of Kara’s skills. “But what should we do about that Legion agent after, though…?” He wondered out loud. 

The last thing that the Undertakers needed was to be dragged into a fight that wasn’t theirs. While it was true that the Undertakers wanted the Effendi taken down too, they had no wish to be used by the Legion and be the rope in a tug-of-war between the Legion and the Effendi’s forces. It was common knowledge that the Legion treated the people of the underground like expendable tools.

“His name is Evan Piers.” Yuri interrupted. “And leave him to me. I’ll deliver him to my contact within the Legion so that all our identities will stay…discreet.”

Everyone stared at Yuri at that. Sure, everyone knew that Yuri’s network of contacts reached everywhere in Adaytren, but someone directly in the Legion itself? The same organisation that Yuri held no particularly affinity for?

“A contact within the Legion?” Alec asked at last, bewildered but voicing the question on everyone’s lips. “Yuri, you never fail to amaze me.” Yuri cracked a small smile as the others laughed, effectively dissolving some of the tension. “Anyway, I don’t think that I have to tell you three to be careful.”

Alec would know that it’d be fruitless—after all, he was partially responsible for Yuri, Ethan and Hayden having turned their backs on the Effendi and Dominion and thus, turning traitor which in turn led to them getting hunted for close to three years. After all, those three used to be part of Dominion’s Enforcers—the Effendi wouldn’t want them out of his hands or even working against him. This applies more for Yuri than the other two.

“We know.” Ethan replied, staring at the closed infirmary door before tearing his gaze away. “But we should be saying this to you instead, Alec.”

Nicholas frowned. “What do you mean?”

“Come on, do you guys honestly believe that it’s a coincidence that the Effendi had targeted Lesley?” Yuri questioned with an exasperated sigh. “I had my suspicions from the very beginning when Alec contacted us.” She glanced at Alec, who grimaced—recalling the frantic call he’d made to Yuri some days ago. “Lesley is the best at information gathering amongst all of you. There’s no way that he would get himself caught—”

“Unless they’ve been watching him for some time.” Alec interrupted, and Yuri nodded.

“Damn.”

“They obviously know that Lesley is one of your main members.” Ethan pointed out grimly, and the faces of Alec and Nicholas paled with that realisation. “They’re onto you, Alec.”

Alec was silent for a long time before exchanging looks with Nicholas, who nodded grimly, knowing just what Alec was trying to convey. Finally, the leader of the Undertakers sighed. “All right. Once Lesley has recovered enough, we’re moving,” he announced.

Nicholas let out a huff. “So it’s come to this then?” he said wearily. “How many times have we moved by now?” Alec looked at him, annoyed, and Nicholas let out a weak grin. “I know, Alec. I know the risks if we stay. I’m not stupid. We can always start afresh somewhere else. But I wouldn’t put it past the Effendi to start killing everyone in the town just to get to us. He’s as merciless as they come. You know that.”

“Besides, you can’t trust everyone in this town, can you? That’s why only a handful knows of your identities as Undertakers.” Hayden pointed out bluntly. “It’s as much the same for us in Allerton. If push ever comes to shove, do you honestly believe that the townspeople would protect you at the cost of their lives?” He questioned, and no one offered an answer. “They wouldn’t. When it comes down to it, they would save themselves first.” The words sounded almost cruel, but everyone recognised it as the truth.

Alec broke the uneasy silence. “Once Lesley is recovered enough, we’re moving,” he said firmly, in a tone that brooks no arguments. “I’m not going to risk our lives or those of the townspeople.” He then turned to speak directly to Yuri. “Once Kara has cleared that Legion agent for moving, it’ll be much appreciated if you could deliver him to your contact. We’re going to be leaving this town as soon as we can.”

Yuri nodded. “He should be stable enough to be moved in a few hours—I know Kara’s skills,” she said. “But regardless, Alec, be careful.” She warned. “Things are growing worse in Adaytren, and I didn’t even think that’d be possible.”

Nicholas chuckled wryly. “And here I thought that the Effendi and Dominion couldn’t sink any lower,” he stated. “Looks like they’ve proven me wrong. Just how much further are they going to push us into a corner? Will they be satisfied only when they kill everyone in this nation?”

No one knew just what to say to that.

Everyone knew how bad the situation in Adaytren had become in recent months. Even the usual black market network was having trouble securing food through their usual routes, resulting in many more people struggling to eat even once a day.

Yuri let out a huff, rubbing her temples. “…I should never have helped them,” she said at last. “Why didn’t I see this earlier?”

Ethan and Hayden looked grim and angry as well.

“It’s not your fault.” Alec said immediately, being one of the few that actually knew of Blade’s past; what they used to be, and had done. He’d actually detested them with every fibre of his being before he’d realised that the three were just like him and Nicholas—they were simply doing what they could to survive, until the atrocities that they were forced to commit had proven to be too much for them. “None of you had a choice.” He took a steadying breath. “To destroy an era is easy. But to build a new one—that is an almost impossible task.”

“Are there still people out there—apart from ourselves and the Legion who are willing to take on the Effendi? To fight against the monster who’s turned Adaytren upside down?” Nicholas wondered, looking exhausted and older than his years even as he pinched at the bridge of his nose to lessen his headache. “How much longer will it last? How much longer until everyone just…gives up?”

“This country is dying. Slowly but surely.” Ethan said, worried. “Even if we managed to topple the Effendi from his throne, there’d be a lot of work needed to revive Adaytren. And what would stop rival nations from invading us after everything?”

Ethan’s words hit a sore spot in almost everyone present.

“Even still, no matter what, I will always choose to fight.” Yuri said firmly. “I made my decision three years ago. I do not regret it.”

Ethan and Hayden nodded in agreement. “All of us knew what we were getting ourselves into right from the beginning.” Hayden stated grimly. “But sometimes…” He closed his eyes briefly. “Sometimes, just doing your best simply isn’t good enough.” He admitted.

“Heroes aren’t always good people.” Yuri added. “They are heroes because they do what no one else is willing to try. That’s all there is to it.”

The rest of their time was then spent in silence.







2

HOMECOMINGS


Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn

✯✯✯ 

Low motorcycle roars could be heard as three bikes made their way into Allerton, stopping outside a small café that seems to be the only place of business still open in the small town.

An ivory sign, damp and swaying in the stiff breeze, hung above the door, with the words ‘Cat’s Eye’ written on it in cursive writing, complete with an image of a black cat’s face with penetrating yellow eyes.

Occasional flashes of lightning illuminate the dark skies for a moment at a time. No one braved the streets in such weather. Even the various shops and residences were closed—with dark curtains covering the windows.

Yuri killed her motor before taking off her helmet and looking at her surroundings. The quiet town had a feeling of desperation about it. It wasn’t uncommon, as one could feel suppressed in just about every town and village in Adaytren these days, especially in the capital, the Royal City.

Finally, she turned to face her two friends just as they removed their helmets, looking extremely solemn and serious. They hadn’t spoken since Yuri had separated from Ethan and Hayden for awhile earlier in their journey to take Evan back to the Legion. And honestly, it might just be in Hayden and Ethan’s best interests to not know the exact location of one of the Legion’s many bases, and who Yuri’s contact was.

“What do you both think?” Yuri asked Hayden and Ethan quietly, almost as if carrying on a conversation, rather than starting one.

Hayden frowned. “What do we think?” he echoed, glancing at Ethan. “About what we’ve discussed earlier?”

Yuri nodded solemnly.

“Something’s strange.” Ethan commented, getting off his bike—an action mirrored by his two best friends. Even still, all three remained standing outside as the rain pelted down on them; none of them seemed affected by the weather at all.

Yuri sighed, slipping the motorcycle keys into her back pocket. “Yeah, I think so too,” she murmured, a frown on her face. “The fact that they’ve targeted Lesley can’t be a coincidence. And then the capture and interrogation of a Legion agent…” She trailed off before finishing her thought. “Something’s going on.”

Ethan frowned in contemplation. “Let’s face it,” he said at last. “We all knew from the start that we wouldn’t be able to hide from them for long after we’ve left. Dominion knew where we are all along. We know how they work. We used to be part of them—part of the Enforcers. Dominion is a separate organisation on their own. They work for the Effendi; but the members only take orders from the commander. They answer to no one else. Not even the Effendi.”

“Dominion have been awfully silent for quite some time.” Hayden stated. “At least until Alec informed us about Lesley’s capture. A member of the Undertakers and a Legion agent held in the same facility… What are the odds of that happening?”

Yuri frowned, contemplating Hayden’s words. “Targeting Lesley. The capture of a Legion agent. Marcus’ sudden appearance in front of me when we’re in the Caelum facility. His message to us,” she mused slowly. “Something’s changed.”

Hayden nibbled on his bottom lip with slight worry and concern. He then looked at his two friends. “Maybe we should—”

“No.” Yuri cut him off, knowing what Hayden was about to say. “We left for a reason. All of us.” She reminded Hayden. “And I refuse to go back to being that person.” She scowled. After a moment, her shoulders slumped. “…Also, I’d rather not get Gale involved in this.” She added reluctantly, and both Ethan and Hayden looked as if they’d just swallowed something sour. “He already put a lot at risk three years ago when he helped us get out of prison.”

“No offence to your old partner, Yuri, but I’ve never really understood what the hell that guy’s thinking.” Hayden complained. He then shook his head. “But I can at least understand that he’s not an enemy. Not to us, at least.”

Ethan sighed, running his fingers through his now damp hair, looking at the water droplets on his fingers with distaste. “Let’s go in,” he said at last. “This isn’t something that we should talk about out here.”

Yuri and Hayden nodded in silent agreement before the group made their way inside. A bell tinkled somewhere in the café’s interior as they entered.

The café’s two occupants – the owner and a waitress – looked up as they entered.

Leticia Light, the owner, raised an eyebrow at the trio over her task of cleaning the countertop. The waitress, Karen, who only seemed to be a few years older than the three of them, was halfway through mopping the oak floors. Her eye twitched with slight annoyance as she caught sight of the rainwater currently pooling around their boots. “Can’t you three just take an umbrella with you the next time you go out?” she huffed in annoyance as Leticia tossed each of them a towel to dry themselves. “Or at least take your boots off when you come in! I’ve just cleaned the damn floor!” She complained as she headed over to mop up the rainwater.

“You can just clean it again, can’t you?” Hayden complained, stripping out of his wet coat only to jump out of the way as an annoyed Karen jabbed him in the side with her elbow.

“Yeah well, you’re not the one cleaning it, are you?” Karen seethed. “I am!”

Leticia chuckled even as she dried the wine glass that she is currently holding. “So how did it go?” she enquired.

Ethan exchanged looks with his friends. “Lesley’s fine. He’d been tortured before we got there, but he’s still alive at least. With proper rest and medication, he should be physically fine in a few days. Alec’s decided to shift locations again though.” He added. “With Lesley’s capture, we think that the Effendi and his Guard are onto them.”

Karen nodded slowly, absently mopping the rainwater. “This is what—his fifth move in the past six months?” she frowned. “Well, I can’t blame him for being paranoid, what with how the Effendi and his Guard have hunted down rebel groups all over the country. As far as I know, apart from Alec and his group, there’re only a few others out there, and all of them have gone into hiding.”

“Right, you three can tell me more about it in further detail later.” Leticia stated, seeing that the three teens looked exhausted—almost slumping against each other. “Go and get some rest. I might need you for a job later on.”

“Okay.” Ethan nodded, slinging his wet coat over his shoulder. “Goodnight. See you later.” He called out over his shoulder as he walked up the stairs at the back of the café, leading to the second level where their bedrooms were. Hayden and Yuri followed close behind.

At present, apart from Yuri, Ethan and Hayden, the only people lodging in Cat’s Eye were Karen and Leticia. There were several places like the Cat’s Eye café all over Adaytren, and everyone in the underground circles were careful to keep the locations of such places a secret. They were far too valuable as informant hubs to risk losing to the Effendi and his men.

“Catch you two later. I want some shut eye.” Hayden gave a small wave before he disappeared behind his bedroom door. Yuri merely nodded to Ethan before disappearing behind hers as well.

The young woman snapped on the room lights as she entered before closing the door behind her, keeping it shut with her weight, rubbing at the bridge of her nose to ease her headache for several moments.

Like the other rooms, Yuri’s had a bed, a wardrobe, a bookcase and a dresser. A black desk with a study light, which had books neatly piled in a corner, stood before a window that had the curtains drawn. A computer also sat on the desk. A pair of twin short blades rested on the surface of her desk, both blades entirely black in colour—right down to their hilts.

Wordlessly, Yuri draped her wet coat over the back of her chair at the desk, and pulled open one of the drawers. A pair of black ivory handguns stared back at her, and she touched the cold metal with her fingertips. She merely stared at them for several moments before closing the drawer.

“How long can this go on?” Yuri murmured beneath her breath.

A light beep from the black digital wristwatch roused her. Without a word, she pulled out a small brown pouch attached to the belt around her waist, and placed it onto the surface of her desk. Yuri opened it, revealing an array of needles all containing golden liquid. She removed one of the needles from the pouch, ignoring the familiar tremors of pain that had begun to ripple through her body. She rolled back her left sleeve and stabbed the tip of the needle into the revealed flesh.

The dark haired girl let out a sigh of relief as she felt the pain pass.

There was a quick knock on her door just then, and Ethan peeked his head in, his black hair damp from a shower, a fluffy white towel around his neck. His eyes immediately fell onto the pouch of needles on the desk before his eyes flickered towards the needle still clutched in Yuri’s right hand. Yuri tried to pretend that she didn’t notice the slightly sad look in Ethan’s eyes as he spoke.

“You can use the shower now,” he told her. The younger girl covered her left arm with her sleeve quickly.

“Okay.” Yuri nodded, trying to shield the pouch of needles on her desk from Ethan’s view, despite the fact everyone already knew about her ‘condition’. “I’ll be right there.”

* * * *

Being a Legion agent is not an easy business, considering that they’re the organisation that the Effendi hates more than anything else in the world, along with the informants and the underground society. Even still, every single Legion agent knew what they were getting themselves into from the very first moment they sign up as trainees.

However, Liam Michaelis could honestly admit to himself that switching careers had never seemed like a more tempting choice.

“It’s suicide, Liam!” Joshua Lestat argued, his dirty blonde hair almost standing on end because of his frustrated habit of running his fingers through it. “We’ll never get ourselves out alive that way, let alone with Evan! And let’s not forget that we don’t even know exactly where Evan’s being held!”

Liam groaned, the urge to just slam his head against the ground extremely tempting, but knowing that it will achieve nothing more than maybe giving him a headache, he resisted. The rest of his team watched their leader and his second-in-command argue.

It had been only hours after Evan’s disappearance that they’d received word that the Effendi’s Guard had their dirty paws on him. Thus, Liam’s team had been sent out on a rescue mission for Evan Piers, and that had been two days ago.

Liam pushed his fringe out of his unique, silvery-blue eyes. As far as Liam knew, only he and his missing twin sister shared the colour. 

It was also one reason why Liam was so easy to identify.

The young man tiredly glanced around. His team were gathered in the back of a van with tinted windows. The remaining three members of Liam’s squad – Chris Perkins, Jared Hale and Tracey Austin were staring at the map spread on the floor of the van, whilst Liam tried to come up with a rescue plan. Never mind that they had zero information on where Evan was currently being held captive.

“What do you suggest then, Joshua?” Liam asked his best friend, hearing the weariness in his own voice. “It’s been two days. If we don’t find Evan fast, we’re probably going to end up finding his dead body in a ditch somewhere. Then you can be the one to inform Natasha about it!”

Joshua barely restrained a cringe at the reminder of Evan’s younger sister. That girl could be scary when she wanted to be, and Joshua definitely didn’t need another reminder why Natasha Piers was a solo agent instead of serving in a team like Liam and Joshua, and most of their classmates.

Solo agents were unusual, but not unheard of. The Legion used them only sparsely, since they mostly utilised the services of the informants or those in the underground circle to get their information. Freelancers and those residing within the underground are expendable. Cruel, perhaps, but the Legion had no qualms about sacrificing other people in order to protect their own. During the rare cases when they couldn’t get the information they require, Legion agents would be sent out for it.

“Can we stop talking about my best friend like he’s dead?” Jared scowled at Liam and Joshua, and the bickering pair quietened down. “So?” He looked at Liam. “What’s the plan, Liam? We may not know where Evan is right now, but we have to start somewhere.”

“But more importantly, do you even think that he’s still alive?” Chris asked, ignoring Jared’s glare. “You know how the Effendi is with Legion agents.”

“Don’t say that!” Jared snapped at Chris before either Liam or Joshua could reply. “Evan’s not dead! He won’t die that easily.”

“Yes, but Jared, it’s been two days.” Tracey sighed, sweeping rogue strands of her fiery red hair out of her eyes. “What are the odds of Evan still being alive?”

Before Jared could bite Tracey’s head off, Liam’s phone started ringing, much to his remaining team members’ relief. Tempers had been running high for the past few days thanks to the lack of progress, and every single one of them—Liam included, had been getting tired of being Jared’s punching bag whenever he felt the need to vent.

“Liam here.” Liam answered the phone before the second ring, balancing his phone between his ear and shoulder, shooting Jared a warning look to keep his mouth shut. His eyes surveyed the map before them once more, the small interior of the van lit up only by a lantern sat beside Tracey. “Lieben? Sir? That you?” Liam frowned as he listened to what the Legion’s Commander had to say on the other end of the line. He spluttered, his pen falling from his fingers, and landing atop the map. “What do you mean by ‘Evan has been found’?” As one, his four team members turned towards Liam, surprise and hope written all over their faces—Jared especially. “Did he escape on his own?” Liam scowled at Jared who had scooted next to him, in order to listen in, the moment those words had escaped his mouth. 

“No, Liam.” Sage Lieben, Legion’s first-in-command sighed on the other end of the line. “Someone saved him and dropped him off at our doorstep. Most of his injuries had already been tended to before our medics took over.”

Somehow, Liam felt as if Lieben was keeping information from him, and he mentally filed that away before focusing on more important questions.

“How badly injured is he?” Liam demanded, eyes flickering towards Jared who scowled as Liam leaned away from him should Lieben say anything to cause his volatile temper to explode, and only Joshua’s warning frown stopped Jared from doing or saying anything.

“Pretty bad. By the looks of things, he had been through some severe torture. But he’s still alive at least.” Lieben assured Liam, much to his relief.

Liam nodded to Joshua who nodded back. The blonde clambered into the driver’s seat and turned the key to make the engine hum into life. “All right. We’re on our way.”

Click.

✯✯✯ 

Sage Lieben tapped his foot impatiently as he stood in the infirmary by Evan Piers’ bed, listening to the agent’s report. His eyes kept flickering from Evan’s face to the thick bandages bound around both arms, forehead and neck. The bandages bound thickly around his torso, peeked through his hospital garb.

All in all, it looks as if Evan Piers had just been through Hell, or a war with a bulls-eye target painted on his back.

“We can’t use that channel anymore.” Evan was telling Lieben, a frown on his face as he recalled the damn informant that he’d gone to meet, and who had almost gotten him killed. “I don’t know if it’s all of them or just the informant that we’ve been using, but whatever the case, there’s a leak. Someone betrayed us, Lieben, and I want to know who!” He growled menacingly and half-sat before wincing in pain as he pulled on his broken ribs.

Lieben nodded grimly, ignoring Evan’s last sentence for a moment, merely thankful that his agent had actually been retrieved safe and sound. “I’ll put Liam’s team on that—if someone has betrayed us, they’ll find out who it is.”

Evan relaxed, knowing that Liam, Joshua and especially Jared would never let it go if there had been a traitor.

“And you have no idea how lucky you are, Piers. No Legion agent has ever come back alive after getting captured by the Effendi’s men.”

“Trust me, sir. I think I know just how lucky I am.” Evan smiled. “If the Effendi hadn’t wanted information about the Legion and our numbers, they would probably have killed me the instant they captured me.” He then shook his head. “I was lucky to get out alive, considering the one who took over my interrogation had been a Dominion Enforcer.” He told Lieben, whose eyes widened a slight fraction. “I have her to thank for rescuing me.” Evan admitted wryly with a small smile on his lips.

Lieben frowned. He had meant to ask Evan this question from the very beginning, but other, more pressing questions, had been foremost on his mind. “Who saved you?”

“I don’t know her name.” Evan admitted. “She never told me, which makes me assume that she’s a member of the underground circle.” 

Lieben nodded at that. Even after years, no one—not even Lieben—knew the real names of the information brokers they used.

“I can only assume that you were taken to one of the prison facilities.” Lieben concluded, and Evan nodded, looking a little grim as he recalled his experience in there. “If this person is skilled enough to break in and get you out alive, she has to be skilled.” He admitted.

Evan nodded in agreement. “And well, that’s just the thing…” He trailed off slowly before looking at Lieben. “This girl… She looks an awful lot like Liam,” he admitted, and Lieben’s eyes widened slightly. “I thought that it was Liam for a moment when I first saw her. If she cut her hair and wore more similar clothes, we’d never been able to tell them apart.”

Lieben said nothing for several moments as he raised his head to look out of the infirmary’s window, noticing how late in the day it had become. The older man ran a hand through his messy blonde hair, and then brought it forward to rub at his tired eyes. Like most of his agents, he wore the standard gear; a dark shirt and black cargo pants and boots, with a black weather resistant coat over it that had the Legion’s emblem on the right breast; a pair of white angel wings and a pair of golden scales. The symbols of freedom and justice.

Lieben now had a fairly good idea of who’d been the one to save his agent, and he honestly started to wonder what the odds were. No Legion agent apart from himself had actually seen her for the past three years. That girl had the talent to disappear whenever she wanted to. Not even Lieben could find her when she doesn’t want to be found. And she wasn’t the only one, either.

Finally, the older man turned back to Evan. “When Liam gets here, say nothing about that girl,” he said at last, ignoring the look of confusion that crossed Evan’s features. “She’s most probably part of the underground circle, like you said. And if so, they would rather keep themselves hidden. We owe the people of the underground circle more than you think, Evan. Let’s at least respect their need for privacy.”

Evan nodded slowly. “Do you know her, sir?” he enquired curiously.

“You can say that.” Lieben murmured, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I owe her one for this.” He admitted, further confusing Evan.

There was a knock on the door just then before it swung opened, and Liam Michaelis entered, grinning at Evan before saluting Lieben smartly. Lieben nodded back in acknowledgement. 

Whilst lean and thin, Liam is also petite and small in size—something that often caused Liam to be underestimated, giving him the upper hand against enemies. Liam Michaelis didn’t get to be a Squad Leader in the Legion just because of his pretty face.

“Well, I’ll leave you boys to talk.” Lieben announced. “Don’t stay too long, Liam. Evan needs his rest.”

“Yes sir.” Liam nodded as Lieben left the infirmary, closing the door behind him. He then turned towards Evan. “Well, you sure look banged up.” He joked, dragging a chair to Evan’s bedside and dropping himself into it. “The others have patrol duty, but they’ll be here later.” Evan nodded slowly, and Liam turned serious. “You’re one lucky guy.” He admitted. “Jared almost went ballistic when he’d heard, and my entire team—Tracey especially, have been bearing the burnt of his temper for the past two days.”

Evan laughed, and then winced as he jolted his ribs. “Sorry,” he choked, smiling. “Jared always had a temper on him, particularly when it comes to me and Natasha.”

Liam waved off Evan’s apology. “So who saved you?” He asked, looking intent.

Evan fell silent for several moments, recalling Lieben’s words to him. Even still, Evan had a feeling that he should inform Liam about this. It couldn’t be just a coincidence that they looked so much alike.

Finally, Evan raised his head to meet Liam’s confused eyes. “Lieben told me not to tell you about it, but I still think that you should know,” he said at last, and Liam raised a curious eyebrow. “I was held in the Caelum facility—you can read the details about it later in the report.” Evan ignored the horrified look on Liam’s face at the mere mention of the one prison facility that even Legion agents avoided at all costs. “I was saved by this girl—I never learned her name, and if she really is part of the underground circle, I’m not surprised.” Evan cleared his throat. “And well, this girl… She looks an awful lot like you.” He told Liam. “If you’d seen her for yourself, it would have been almost like looking into a mirror.”

✯✯✯ 

It was still raining heavily as Leticia placed the ‘Closed’ sign on the front door and turned off the lights. She made her way towards the storage room at the back, followed by Yuri, Ethan and Hayden, and pulled on the switch hidden behind some shelves. A set of stairs was revealed, located behind some barrels of wine. Leticia led the way down the stairs and into the hidden basement.

The room is fully stocked and furnished with a few small cots and even a bookcase. The walls itself were plastered with several maps of the different towns and cities in Adaytren, and even blueprints of places that Yuri, Ethan and Hayden have infiltrated in the past for missions. There were even photos of multiple important figures amongst the Effendi’s militia and even nobles. Several of the photos even had red slash marks across them.

Karen was already there, putting everything in order on the large table in the middle of the room. Without a word, the rest of them gathered around where a large map had been spread out, almost covering the entire surface—taking their usual places.

“I’ll make things brief,” Leticia said curtly. “This particular mission is a direct request from Alec himself.”

Hayden raised an eyebrow. “From the Undertakers?” he queried, and Leticia nodded. “Did their move go all right?”

“Yes. But they’re going to be laying low for a while before coming up with some sort of cover.” Leticia told them. “Besides, Lesley is still recovering, and Alec doesn’t wish to take any risk. They’ve been getting some attention for quite some time now—and not in the good way.”

“You say that we’ve received a direct request from them?” Karen spoke up, and Leticia nodded. “Is this about Lesley’s capture?”

Leticia nodded. “They’ve figured out who’s behind Lesley’s capture, along with that of the Legion agent whom the three of you also broke out,” she added, glancing at Yuri, Ethan and Hayden. She slapped a photo onto the middle of the table. 

All eyes went towards the picture immediately. “Do the four of you know who this man is?” Leticia enquired, assessing eyes looking from face to face, still with her hand on the table.

She received four simultaneous nods, and Karen gave out a sigh, leaning slightly over the table to take a closer look at the photo. The man in the picture had dark brown hair that reached to his chin. His face was round and full, with a golden piercing in his left ear. The man is dressed in the familiar black and white Guard uniform, with a number of badges pinned on his collar—an indication of his high military rank. His tall, straight posture gave off an extremely commanding aura, even though the picture showed him facing away from the camera, talking to a group of other Guards. “Is there anyone within the underground circle who doesn’t know who he is?” she enquired almost sarcastically. “He’s the cause of nearly every single arrest and execution in this nation ever since the Uprising! He might as well be the Bogey Man!”

“Diadalos Marshall, real age unknown.” Yuri recited what she knew about the man. “Currently Adaytren’s top strategist, and one of the Effendi’s most trusted soldiers. Holds a Major rank in the militia. There are rumours that the Effendi actually wanted him in Dominion, but Dominion’s commander refuses him entry.” Yuri exchanged looks with Ethan and Hayden, whose faces screwed up if they’d just bitten into something sour. “Diadalos Marshall also has a knack for finding out information that he shouldn’t know. Nearly every single person in the underground circle is wary of him; he’s the reason why so many rebel groups were executed during the early days of the Effendi’s rule, and why even the Legion have gone into hiding.”

Leticia nodded. “Not like it’s very difficult for the Undertakers to figure out that he’s the one responsible for Lesley’s capture, torture and interrogation,” she pointed out. “Anyway, Alec’s decided that he’s finally had enough. Many of his contacts and friends have met their deaths at the hands of this man. Lesley’s narrow escape is the last straw.”

“The fact that he’d managed to capture Lesley in the first place proves that Diadalos Marshall has been watching them for some time now.” Ethan pointed out. “Lesley is the best when it comes to espionage. We’re good, but not up to Lesley’s level.”

Leticia nodded. “Alec thinks so too. That’s why his request to us is to kill this man,” she announced.

The four younger exchanged looks. Ethan was the first to break the silence. “Leticia, if it was that easy to assassinate him, we would have done so years ago,” he pointed out. “The head of Diadalos Marshall has been placed first on the bounty list of the underground circle for the past decade or so. That man is suspicious of just about everything, and he rarely comes out into the public. That’s why only the people of the underground circle and the Enforcers know his face, along with a select few members of the Guard. It’s probably to prevent assassinations.”

“I’ve already got that covered for you.” Leticia responded, slapping another photo down onto the table beside the photo of Diadalos. This time, the photo showed a luxurious, if empty, ballroom. “There’s a ball coming up to celebrate the anniversary of the Effendi’s rule.” Leticia had a fierce scowl on her face at that, and similar scowls appeared on the faces of the four teens. “Diadalos Marshall hates formal events, and usually never attends them. But he can’t be absent from this one; doing so would be almost like spitting into the Effendi’s face directly. Hence, all military personnel will be attending this ball. Of course, this goes for members of Dominion, too, and the nobles that supported the Effendi’s cause.”

Leticia looked from face to face before grabbing a floor plan from the corner of the table and unfolding it, covering the map and the photos. “The location of each anniversary celebration changes from year to year. And this year, it will be taking place in one of the government buildings in Ostwyn.” Leticia explained. “It’s a pretty standard building with a large room for such events, and ten upper-level rooms.”

“There’s a reason why he’s a Major in the Effendi’s army.” Ethan snorted. “Assassinating him in the middle of the night isn’t going to work here—even for Yuri.”

Yuri shot Ethan an annoyed look, but she said nothing to rebut his words. 

“Yeah, I think so too.” Leticia responded. “That’s why I think that your best bet is to get at him during the ball, when the party is in full swing.”

“There’ll be more people during the ball.” Karen noted. “Less chance of anyone stumbling across you, and Diadalos Marshall will let down his guard.”

“Yes, but Dominion are going to be there as well.” Yuri murmured, tapping her fingers on the table in a continuous rhythm. “They know who we are and what we look like.” She exchanged looks with Ethan and Hayden. “They’re the ones that taught us everything we know—including disguise. They can likely identify us from a mile away even if we’d changed our faces. Our typical tactic of infiltration as one of the party guests isn’t going to work here.”

“I think our only choice here is to snipe him down from afar.” Hayden murmured, and Leticia nodded grimly—clearly, she had come to the same conclusion herself. “I can do it with no problem.” Hayden continued, “I mean, I wouldn’t even need a scope for that sort of distance. The problem here is that with so many people attending, the chances of hitting the wrong person is increased.”

“It seems like they have rafters.” Ethan remarked, glancing over the floor plans once more. “You’re going to have to do some acrobatic work, Hayden.”

“What do I look like—a circus act?” Hayden scowled, but he studied the plans carefully. Ballroom ceilings were typically built high up, and the ballroom that they’d visit for this particular mission wasn’t any different. “I think I can hide amongst the rafters with no problem. No one is going to look up anyway during a party.” He pointed out.

“So Hayden is going to be taking point this time around.” Karen noted. “An unusual break for you, huh, Yuri?” She jabbed the younger girl in the side playfully.

Leticia coughed loudly before pointing to a picture taken outside the building. “This tree gives perfect cover, and could hide one of you easily. From this angle you can see right through any number of these tall windows and directly into the ballroom itself.”

“I’ll hide out there then.” Ethan spoke up, studying the picture with an expression of concentration. “We’re going to need to use our communicators for this. I can guide Hayden from the tree. Binocular vision or not, not even you can see three-sixty degrees around you at once.”

Hayden nodded slowly, the plan already slowly taking form in his mind. “And Yuri?” he questioned. “You can’t infiltrate the party.” He reminded the dark haired girl. “Amongst the three of us, you’re the most well-known. The Effendi wants you more than anything else. You know that.”

Everyone contemplated Hayden’s words. After the commander of Dominion recruited Yuri when she had been very young, the Effendi didn’t hide his displeasure at not having Yuri under his command, as not even he could order Dominion around. Only their Commander can do that, and not even the Effendi is suicidal enough to piss off Hiram Georges, when the man is quite possibly the strongest soldier in the nation.

“I can just hang outside the windows on the other side of the ballroom.” Yuri murmured at last.

“What?” Karen stared at Yuri like she’d just grown two new heads, and the other three wore expressions of bemusement. Hang outside the windows?

“Grappling hook.” Yuri looked at Karen with annoyance. Did she seriously think that she didn’t need equipment in order to hang off the window three storeys above the ground? She ignored the faint blush on Karen’s cheeks as she turned towards Leticia. “Anything else?”

“Nope. It’s best if the three of you head over to Ostwyn tonight.” Leticia told them. “There’s an inn in the town that you can use. And I believe that I don’t have to say this. Be careful.”

✯✯✯ 

Amongst the murmurs of civilians and those in the underground circle, it marks the thirtieth year of the Dark Age that their much esteemed Effendi had brought Adaytren into.

The organisers of the ball had definitely overdone themselves for the decorations. The lights that decorated the outside of the government building seemed almost mythical, lighting up the exterior of the building as well as the pathways for the guests. Several soldiers and nobles—all dressed in formal wear were slowly making their way towards the ballroom.

The entire ballroom was decorated beautifully with the party’s theme colours – gold and silver. Flowers and sashes were elegantly tied everywhere. Golden lights lit up the entire room, and the floor had been cleaned to perfection, carefully prepared by the organisers of the party to prevent injuries.

Using a grappling hook with a harness to support her weight, Yuri hid herself beside one of the tall windows of the ballroom, flattening herself against the wall. To further camouflage themselves, Yuri, Ethan and Hayden were all dressed in black. It also seems like luck is on their side, as it was pouring with rain—this at least ensures that no one would be patrolling the premises of the building during the party.

The young woman tightened her grip on the black handgun in her gloved left hand, and used a small mirror held in her right hand to look into the ballroom. 

A cackle echoed through the communicator in Yuri’s left ear just then.

“I’m all set.” Hayden spoke in a low voice. “I’m good to go.”

Ethan’s voice echoed through the communicator several moments later. “Same here,” he said. “All’s clear on my end. Party is getting underway. Dominion are here as guests, apparently. I don’t see Hiram or Marcus anywhere though. No sign of Gale either.”

Yuri let out a breath that she hadn’t realised she’d been holding. Those three would have been the most likely to spot the team, so it was more than fortunate that they weren’t in attendance.

Only an Enforcer could deal with another Enforcer.

“I’m in position as well.” Yuri spoke into her communicator at last, eyes narrowing as she focused on the images reflected in the mirror. “Dance is starting. That’ll be your best chance to snipe down Diadalos Marshall, Hayden.”

“I know. I see him.” Hayden murmured absently, and Yuri knew that he was concentrating on his target. Even though Hayden was easily the most skilled sniper amongst the three of them, and he could basically use rifles like Yuri use her handguns, amongst a crowd where he had to pick out his target carefully, even Hayden needed to concentrate so that he wouldn’t hit the wrong person by mistake.

“Stand by, Yuri.” Ethan murmured, and Yuri made a noise of affirmation in her throat, releasing the safety catch on her handgun, ready to fire a shot into the air.

All three had agreed, during their journey to Ostwyn earlier, that at the same moment when Hayden opened fire, the other two would fire their own handguns outside the building. It would cause panic and confusion—with the soldiers on security not knowing where the shots had come from. They could use it as a cover and escape, especially Hayden who would be basically trapped in a room filled with soldiers who would love nothing more than to kill him.

“On three, guys.” Hayden murmured. “One.”

“Two.” Ethan continued.

“Three.” Yuri finished, and three gunshots fired as one—the one within the ballroom itself was followed by loud screams and the hissings of several smoke grenades.

“We’ll rendezvous at the meet up point.” Hayden said quickly as there was a loud thud from his side of the line—probably from where he’d leapt to the ground, having used the several smoke grenades as his cover.

“Yeah, let’s get out of here.” Yuri replied, rappelling herself to the ground with her grappling hook. She unhooked it from her belt and coiled it before placing it within the small pouch by her side. She spied Ethan running towards her.

“Let’s go.” Ethan said quietly, eyes flickering around even as the alarms started blaring.

Someone covered with as much blood as you can’t hope to live a normal life.

Marcus’ words came to the fore of Yuri’s mind just then, and she shook her head to rid herself of them. She was quick to follow Ethan’s lead as he headed towards their rendezvous point, trusting in Hayden’s ability to get out unscathed. After all, they’d all been in plenty of tight spots in the past.

‘I made my choice three years ago,’ Yuri thought to herself, ‘This is my path now, and I do not regret it.’

✯✯✯ 

It was in the dead of night when the trio returned to Allerton.

The entire journey from Ostwyn, from the moment they met at their rendezvous point, was spent with the trio pushing their bikes as fast as the engines would allow, looking over their shoulders every now and then to make sure they weren’t being followed. It wasn’t until they saw the familiar sights of Allerton, and had pulled up in front of the Cat’s Eye café that all three breathed a sigh of relief.

“Damn it, I’ll never get used to missions like this.” Hayden groaned, pressing his right hand against his chest after removing his helmet, almost as if trying to stop his heart from beating out of his chest. “I don’t know how you can handle it, Yuri.” He glanced at her.

Hayden raised a confused eyebrow as he noticed Yuri wasn’t paying any attention to him. She was instead staring at a lone figure, tall and blond with a cigarette jutting out from between his lips, standing just outside the door of the café.

Ethan frowned, his hand going towards the weapon strapped to his thigh, but Yuri placed a hand over his. “He’s not an enemy. I know him.” Yuri said, not taking her eyes off the man. “Can the both of you head in? I’ll be in soon.”

Ethan frowned, not quite trusting this stranger, but nodded, trusting in Yuri’s capabilities. “Give a shout if you need help,” he murmured in Yuri’s ear as he got off his bike. “Hayden.”

“I’m coming.”

Both young men glanced at the blonde man in suspicion, but otherwise said nothing as they entered the Cat’s Eye café, closing the door behind them. 

Silence fell for several moments before Yuri sighed, turning towards the blonde man. “It isn’t like you to come to Allerton for me,” she commented. “Is this regarding Evan Piers, Lieben?”

Sage Lieben stepped out from the shadows and closer to Yuri, still stood by her bike. He removed the cigarette from between his lips and breathed out a ring of smoke.

“I owe you one for him,” he toned at last. “Thank you for saving him.” Lieben said earnestly. “He’s one of my best agents, and it would have been a crippling blow to us if we had lost him.”

“He’s fine then?” Yuri questioned, and Lieben nodded solemnly. “So what’s this visit about? I doubt that you came all the way here just to thank me for saving your agent.”

Lieben hesitated, causing Yuri to look at him in suspicion. She knew Lieben well enough by now to know that not answering immediately means that he was either hiding something, or about to give her some bad news.

“The Legion would like to hire you and your two friends for a long term assignment.” Lieben said at last, meeting Yuri’s eyes. “You’re free to decline if you wish. It pays well, but it’s a dangerous job.” He warned. “All jobs that pertain to the Effendi and Dominion always are.”

Yuri stared at Lieben for a long time without saying anything.

She, Hayden and Ethan had been contract agents—mercenaries for hire ever since they’d left Dominion and the service of the Effendi three years previously. They took on various jobs in exchange for money or necessities, but they rarely had jobs that revolved around the Effendi and his Guard. 

“I seriously doubt that your organisation would like the way that we work.” Yuri snorted. As an informant and mercenary, she had an understanding of the way the Legion worked, and to say that she scorned some of their ‘morals’ would be an understatement. “You know how those in the underground circle operate, especially me and my friends. As long as the marks support the Effendi or his ideals—even if they aren’t a soldier, everyone is fair game.” She said coldly. “We aren’t like you or your agents, Lieben. We don’t hold the same morals. And I told you the same thing three years ago. To be an assassin, you exist in the shadows. Once you enter the den, you can never return to the light again. The same truth also applies to the Enforcers of Dominion.”

“I’ll take my chances, Yuri.” Lieben said seriously. “Things are getting a little out of hand. We need your help.”

Yuri was silent for a long time before a contemplative look crossed her face.

“…I’m listening.”

✯✯✯ 

Ethan and Hayden were already asleep in their rooms by the time Yuri entered the café and made sure to lock the door behind her. She silently made her way up to her room and closed the door, before walking over to the window and looking out of it at the streets of Allerton. Lieben’s news weighed heavily on her mind.

I promised that I would never go back to being that person, but it’s easier said than done.

She turned and sat down at her desk, booting her computer and inserting the disk that she’d used to copy all the files from the Caelum facility.

Yuri brought up the files of Legion agents known to the Effendi and his Guard. Her fingers flew over the keyboard before she brought up the file of one agent in particular, ranked as a ‘red level’—to be killed on sight.

Yuri stared at the profile of the Legion agent for a long time. Most agents that somehow caught the Effendi’s attention generally had photo identification within their files, but not this particular agent.

‘A Squad Leader in the Legion, personally responsible for the deaths of at least three Guard Lieutenants and one Corporal.’ Yuri mused to herself, studying the rather impressive stats and skill set. The list was more than a little similar to hers when she was still with Dominion. ‘Liam Michaelis…’







3

LIAM, THE PAST


The caterpillar dies so the butterfly could be born. And yet, the caterpillar lives in the butterfly and they are but one. So when I die, it will be that I have been transformed from the caterpillar of earth to the butterfly of the universe. - John Harricharan

✯✯✯ 

Liam’s very first memory had been when he was five, and his other half—his younger twin sister—was ripped from his side.

Liam had never known his mother; she’d died when he and his twin were barely a year old. But he did know that she had been an agent, like his father; although his father had been a combat specialist for the Legion with some reputation to his name, his mother had been a spy. That had probably been the catalyst for her death, such was the risk involved in rebelling against the Effendi.

Johan Michaelis had raised the identical twins single-handedly after the death of his wife. Despite his job as a Legion agent, he had been an excellent father, and had always found time to spend time with his children no matter how tired or how busy he had been.

Whenever he had been sent on another mission, Johan had hired a babysitter for his children. Thanks in part to the situation in Adaytren, but also because of the sensitive nature of their work, many Legion agents considered it foolish to trust outside help that easily. Since the Effendi had come into power, kidnappings had become commonplace in Adaytren. Most of the time, the kidnapped targets would end up in the slave auctions, and those that were taken were rarely found. Thus, the Legion itself had a day-care and home school system set up so that the parents knew their children were safe at all times.

The babysitter that Johan Michaelis had chosen for his children had been a cheerful, kind woman named Liv. She had been an agent in the Legion too, working for them as a spy, and thus, she had sharp instincts and rarely missed anything in her surroundings. Johan often found himself running to Liv for additional help whenever his children fell sick or got injured.

Liam couldn’t remember much of what happened earlier in the night when his sister was taken, but he did remember Liv stuffing them both into a nearby closet and telling them not to come out no matter what, just moments before men in black clothing had broken into their house. Through a gap in the hastily almost-closed door, Liam had watched as Liv had tried to fight them off. She killed two of the men before the remaining four had struck her down. She never moved again.

Their focus had then turned towards Liam’s sister, who had emerged from her hiding place to draw attention away from Liam. The men had easily overpowered the little girl, leaving Liam in a state of shock and fright in the closet, only able to watch as they took his sister away.

It felt like hours before Johan Michaelis barged into his house through the half opened front door in a panic, still dressed in his mission clothes. The first thing that he had seen had been Liv’s body sprawled on the ground.

“Liam? Yuri?” Johan almost screamed the names of his children, looking around frantically in the mess that had once been his house. “Answer me!”

“…Dad?”

In the next moment, Johan had a sobbing five-year-old boy in his arms, tiny hands reaching up to clutch at his coat as he scooped up his son, trying to soothe his sobs and trembles. Johan looked around the living area wildly, trying to find any sign of his younger daughter. Where one twin went, the other was never far behind. 

“Liam? Where’s Yuri?” Johan asked his son urgently, though he had a pretty good idea of what had happened.

“They took Yuri!” Liam removed his face from where he had been hiding in Johan’s shoulder, looking up to face his father through teary eyes. “Liv told us to hide when we heard someone banging on the front door!” Liam pointed at the half opened closet. “Then they broke in! Liv tried to fight them off, but there were too many of them! And then- And then, Yuri went out there and- and…” Liam burst into tears once more. “They took her! They took Yuri!”

Johan nailed a calm mask onto his face even as his heart pounded with dawning realisation and growing horror. Crouching down so that he could put Liam back onto the ground, Johan then fumbled about in his pockets before pulling out his cellphone. Liam sniffed as he watched his father try to dial a number with shaking hands. It was barely a moment before the call was answered.

“Sage? It’s me. We’ve got a problem.” Johan sounded breathless. “It’s them.” He met Liam’s eyes before looking away again. “They found me. They’ve killed Liv.” Johan’s voice trembled with fury even as he spoke. “They got my daughter.” Johan fell silent for several moments as he listened to whatever Lieben had to say on the other end of the line. “…All right. I’ll be right over.” Johan placed his cellphone back into his pocket before he crouched down to face Liam.

“Is Yuri gone?” Liam sniffed.

“No, buddy.” Johan reassured as he gathered Liam into his arms once more and left the house, but not before taking a backwards glance at Liv’s body. “We’re going to get your sister back.”

✯✯✯ 

It was well past two in the morning as Liam sat in a chair outside the office of one of the Legion’s higher ups. It was the first time Johan had taken Liam to his workplace, and Liam couldn’t help but look around his surroundings in awe. But, given the wee hour of the morning, the lack of people gave the office an almost ominous atmosphere.

Liam sighed to himself, wondering what his father would do to bring his sister back. Where was she now? Was she injured? Or scared? His heart clenched painfully. Why hadn’t he fought back? If he had, then maybe his sister wouldn’t have been taken!

Right on cue, his father’s voice reached Liam’s ears, and the boy jumped with fright; as Johan sounded angry.

“Damn it, Sage! Who knows what they’re doing to her now, just because she’s my daughter?”

A loud thud came from inside the office, followed by the creak of a chair.

“Calm down, Johan.” The new voice spoke, sounding gruff and annoyed. “You know that they’ve been after your children for some time now. They won’t hurt her.”

“That makes it even worse!” Johan snapped back, and Liam jumped again. He had never heard his father this angry before. Johan had never gotten mad at either of his children in their lives. Not even when they were both three and Liam had gotten the idea to do finger painting all over the living room walls during what was supposed to be their naptime. Johan had only laughed when he saw their ‘art’. He did make Liam and Yuri help clean the walls, though, and had then told both twins that they should use paper in the future.

“I’m going after my daughter!” Johan growled. “I will find Yuri. I don’t care what I have to do in order to achieve that. Screw the Legion’s rules! I’ll leave if I have to!”

“Johan, if it’s really them behind this, you’ll never find where they’re based, let alone your daughter. You know that! It’s suicide to go after them like this! And what about your son?”

“What about Liam?” Johan sounded like an angry dog – all growly and deep.

“We’ve known for some time now that the Effendi had his sights set on your children, and now he has your daughter. It’s possible that he might come back for your son. Wouldn’t it be better if—”

“Over my dead body!” Johan snapped before Sage could even finish his statement, sounding furious. Liam’s heart skipped a beat. They’d been after Yuri and him for some time now? What did that mean? “I’m not abandoning my son. Ever.”

“You’ve already lost your daughter to them, Johan. If Liam—”

“I’ll teach Liam how to fight and defend himself if I have to. But regardless, I’m not abandoning my son. I’ll find my daughter. I can’t lose her too.” The last part came out as a pained whisper.

There was silence for a long time.

“…Take a leave of absence. But understand this, Johan, if you get yourself caught, we can’t send aid for you. You won’t be doing this in the name of the Legion, but as a matter of self-interest. Do you understand this?”

“…Yes sir.”

“We’ll take care of your son. Be careful, Johan. And come back alive.”

“…Yes sir.”

✯✯✯ 

Johan was gone more often after his sister had been taken, sometimes for weeks on end. Each time, Liam waited eagerly for his father to return with news of his sister, or maybe even with Yuri in tow. But each time ended only in disappointment. 

With Liv’s death, a fellow agent who actually had Johan’s trust had offered to look after Liam while Johan was away. Sigmund Lestat had been Johan’s best friend ever since their trainee days, and they had fought and trained together. When Liam and Yuri were both born, he had even been named as the twins’ godfather.

It had worried both Johan and Sigmund in the beginning—that the usually bright and cheerful Liam was reduced to a quiet child who barely spoke a word to anyone after his sister’s kidnapping. He mainly spent his time playing with the wooden blocks in the playpen—stacking and restacking them, refusing to speak a single word to anyone who wasn’t Johan or Sigmund, and even ignoring the other children

Liam’s focus on the blocks had initially confused the agents on babysitting duty. At least until Johan told his colleagues the wooden blocks had been a game that Liam had often played with his sister. The twins frequently amused themselves—competing to see who could build the tallest ‘tower’, only to have the other twin knock it over.

Even still, Liam’s sudden silence had worried his father. At least until Sigmund had suggested bringing his son, Joshua, over to spend some time with Liam.

Liam was resting on his knees, stacking and restacking the wooden blocks for the umpteenth time when a boy around his age approached him. He had messy, dirty blond hair that fell in waves around his ears and dark brown eyes.

“Hi! Why are you in the corner by yourself?” The blonde asked with a grin, handing Liam the wooden block that had just fallen from the top of the tower that he was building. “My name’s Joshua. What’s yours?”

Liam stared at the newcomer for several moments before he took the wooden block that Joshua had offered him. “…Liam,” he answered hesitantly. 

“Do your parents work here too?” Joshua asked curiously. “My daddy does.”

Liam shrugged. “My dad does,” he answered quietly—almost as if he’d forgotten how to speak in a volume above a whisper. “He’s gone to find Yuri.”

“Yuri?” Joshua cocked his head to one side.

“My little sister.” Liam managed a small smile as he thought of his twin. The expression changed suddenly. “She’s been taken by some bad men.”

“Your daddy will find her.” Joshua nodded, like he was sure of himself and his words. “Legion agents are the best. He’ll find her.”

“Joshua.” A baritone voice spoke just then, and both children looked up to see a tall man approaching.

“Daddy!” Joshua greeted happily, and Sigmund Lestat patted his son’s head gently. Liam watched this scene wistfully, with an almost envious expression visible in his eyes. Sigmund turned gentle blue eyes towards Liam, kneeling to the five-year-old’s eye level. “Hello Liam. Your father told me about you. It’s nice to finally meet you.”

“…Hello.” Liam whispered. “Do you know my dad?”

Sigmund smiled. “Yes. We’ve known each other for a long time,” he answered. He then took a peek at his watch and smiled at the two boys. “Are you two hungry? It’s almost time for lunch. Why don’t we go to the mess hall?” He offered.

“Can we have mashed potatoes?” Joshua asked before Liam could say no, dark brown eyes shining like stars as he looked up at his father. 

“I guess we could.” Sigmund mused, wondering if they’d be serving mashed potatoes at all. Sigmund had never really figured out how the agents in charge of securing their supplies always managed to get adequate food for so many agents. Sigmund turned towards Liam. “Why don’t you come with us? You haven’t eaten anything all day, have you? You must be hungry.”

Liam was about to protest—to say that he wasn’t hungry, but a low growl coming from his stomach betrayed him, and he flushed slightly. “…I guess I am a little hungry,” he mumbled.

“Come on.” Sigmund said, trying not to smile at this, standing. He caught the attention of the agent on duty. “May, I’m taking the boys to lunch. Is that okay?”

The female agent nodded. “Sure, go ahead.”

“Come on.” Sigmund said again before leading the two boys out of the playroom and down to the Legion’s mess hall. It was still early, so the large room looked pretty bare, save for the few agents who had likely just returned from a mission.

“Johan is a little busy at the moment, so he asked me to take care of you for a bit.” Sigmund smiled at Liam from across the table, once the three had sat with their food. “My name’s Sigmund. I’m Joshua’s father. And you probably had no idea, but Johan and your mother named me godfather to you and your sister when you were both born—like how I’d named Johan godfather to Joshua when he was born.”

Liam looked surprised at this, looking up at Sigmund. Next to him, Joshua’s expression didn’t change, which must have meant that he already knew this bit of information. Liam looked down at his plate, wondering just how much his father was keeping from him. First why the Effendi was even after him and Yuri in the first place, and now this.

Finally, Liam picked up his fork and stabbed one of the baby carrots lying on the side of his plate, smiling slightly to himself as he recalled how picky Yuri had been over carrots; the one thing that she absolutely refused to eat without some extreme persuasion or bribery involved.

“…Yuri hates carrots.” Liam said suddenly, and both Sigmund and Joshua stared at him in surprise. “I always used to eat them for her. Liv and Dad used to get mad at me for that.”

Sigmund stopped eating for a moment, surprised that Liam was offering information and speaking on his own accord without anyone making him, but he said nothing. “What’s she like?” Joshua asked eagerly.

“Quiet.” Liam said, a soft expression entering his eyes and playing across his young face. “She likes reading more than playing, though. She’s always making me read Entwined Fates with her, or making Liv read it to us. It’s her favourite book.” Liam smiled wistfully, not realising that his words made it sound as though Yuri was still with them. His father had gone as far as buying the twins a copy of the book each. Liam shrugged, playing with the remaining food on his plate and screwing up his nose in an effort not to cry.

“Johan will find your sister.” Sigmund said at last, not really knowing what else to say. “Believe in your father.”

“Yeah!” Joshua said, a bright smile appearing on his face. “After all, Legion agents are the best!”

Liam only managed a small smile.

✯✯✯ 

They were always together.

They were twins after all—where one goes, the other was never far behind. The cross pendants that their father had given to them on the twins’ fifth birthday had been specially crafted and designed by both their parents when their mother had still been pregnant with them.

Liam never really understood their significance, but Johan Michaelis had said once that the sapphires embedded in the middle of the silver cross symbolised freedom—in the hope that one day, when they were old enough, they could live a life of freedom instead of living in fear every single day like their parents had.

Liam dreamt about his sister – a common occurrence since she had been taken four years previous.

In the dream, they were both five again, and playing in the small back garden in the house that had been their childhood home. Yuri had made a simple flower crown and had placed it on Liam’s head, giggling as she did so.

Before Liam could say anything to his sister, darkness began to swallow up everything—the sun, the garden, and even Yuri herself.

“Wait!” Liam called out, trying to reach out to his sister who seemed to be fading away into the darkness faster than he could run. “Wait, Yuri! Don’t go! Don’t leave me behind! Yuri!”

“Hey Liam.” Yuri’s voice echoed around his dreamscape. “Why didn’t you help me? Why did you let them take me?”

“Yuri…!”

“…Liam…”

“…Liam.”

“Liam.”

“LIAM!”

“LIAM!”

Liam’s eyes shot opened as he was jolted violently awake, only to meet the concerned and startled brown eyes of Joshua Lestat who had one hand on his shoulder – apparently trying to shake him awake.

“…Joshua…?” Liam murmured dazedly. His breathing came in pants and heaves, and a thin sheen of sweat covered his body. He felt almost as if he’d just been running a marathon.

“Are you all right?” Joshua asked, releasing his hold on Liam’s shoulder. “Are you awake now?”

“Y-Yeah…” Liam sat up in his bed and looked around the small dormitory room that he’d shared with Joshua for the past four years.

“You were having a nightmare. A pretty violent one, too.” Joshua said, crawling off Liam’s bed. The lower deck bed let out a low creak as the bedsprings groaned from being released from his weight. He walked over to the small vanity desk that both boys shared, and ran a brush through his messy hair to at least make himself look presentable. Joshua then turned towards Liam as he strapped on his watch. “…You were calling out your sister’s name.” He told his friend solemnly.

Instead of leaving Liam to sleep alone in Johan’s designated room at Legion headquarters, both Johan and Sigmund had made arrangements for their boys to share a dormitory room, so they’d have some company at night if both men should be assigned a mission at the same time—which happened often. The room had undergone changes over the years since Joshua and Liam had first started using it as a permanent bedroom.

It still had the same standard-issue desks, chairs, and wardrobes as every double-dormitory room in the Legion. A stack of well worn books lay neatly on Liam’s side of the desk, with stationary and such put away in pen holders, whilst Joshua’s side of the desk had books and papers scattered over the surface. 

Joshua’s untidiness usually ended with either Sigmund or Liam finally giving in and cleaning up when the messes became a little too much for them to bear. Sigmund secretly wished that Liam’s habit of cleaning up after himself would somehow be rubbed off on Joshua. So far, it hadn’t been the case, but Sigmund continued to hope.

Liam was silent for several moments after Joshua’s question. “…Yeah,” he admitted, running his left hand over his forehead only to find that his skin was clammy. 

Joshua glanced at Liam knowingly, but otherwise said nothing. The two boys had been fast friends ever since their first meeting, and no matter how aloof or antisocial Liam had been at that time, Joshua was never put off by his icy attitude. In fact, his cheery nature back then had probably helped to thaw Liam out, and got him to start socialising more with the other children.

“Hurry up and wash, then come down to the mess hall for breakfast.” Joshua said at last. “Dad said we’re allowed to watch the new recruits training today.”

Whilst Liam and Joshua had been staying at the Legion headquarters for close to four years, their age meant that Sigmund had never really given them any formal training. The two boys did, however, receive some occasional tips from the recruits themselves. Now that they were both nine years old, and only a year shy of the lower age limit to joining the Legion Training Program, Liam hoped fervently that Sigmund wouldn’t say no to training them.

Liam sat on his bed in silence as he watched Joshua leave their room, raking a hand through his messy dark locks. He glanced to his side where a familiar black choker was half-hidden under his pillow. Liam picked it up between his index finger and thumb, allowing the sunlight streaming in through the window to bounce off the four gleaming sapphires in the middle of the silver cross.

“…Yuri…” Liam murmured, fingering the slight dents that the pendant had sustained throughout the last four years—no matter how careful Liam had been while wearing the last memento of his twin. “Where are you…?”

✯✯✯ 

Liam and Joshua had probably broken their record of shortest breakfast time ever—gobbling down their cereal and milk before hightailing it out to the training grounds, where Sigmund Lestat was overseeing the training of the new recruits.

Sigmund had been made a Legion trainer only at the start of the year; one of the highest honours that could be bestowed, since it meant trusting them to train the next generation of agents—a duty that could either make or break the Legion. Sigmund had assured Joshua and Liam that he would only be undertaking the duty for a year, as preparation for the new duties he would have as Department Head – just a rank below the Legion Commander – when the current Head stepped down.

The recruits were just starting their warming up exercises when both boys entered the training grounds. Generally, Sigmund only worked with recruits once they’d been with the Legion for a few months. He taught advanced hand-to-hand combat, and weapons handling to those who found themselves adept in that area. Most of the recruits were young, pre-teens at most, but had seen plenty of fighting and death in their short lives already. 

“I hope that will be us next year.” Joshua said suddenly from next to Liam as the pair watched Sigmund put the recruits through their paces. Startled, Liam turned towards his best friend and Joshua grinned at him. “I plan to join up next year, as soon as I’m ten. Not sure if Dad will let me though.” He shrugged his shoulders. “What about you?”

“I…don’t know.” Liam admitted, turning his attention back towards the training field and watching intently as Sigmund correct a recruit’s fighting stance. 

For the next two hours, both Liam and Joshua sat by the side of the training field within the shade of an oak tree, watching as Sigmund took the group through every move that all fresh recruits needed to master before moving onto more advanced training. By mid-afternoon, there wasn’t a single cloud in the skies. Even the shade of the oak tree did little to shield them from the heat.

Both boys however knew why Sigmund – and literally every other Legion trainer – was so hard on the fresh recruits. The youngsters would have to work their asses off to train and earn a position amongst the ranks of the Legion, and that included tough and tedious training in all kinds of weathers—rain, shine or snow. Such harsh training conditions would keep them alive much better once they went out into the real world to face the Effendi and his men.

Finally, Sigmund called an end to the session; inciting sighs of relief from the recruits who were all starving and hot from the gruelling training beneath the harsh sun. They would have an hour off for lunch before another agent would then take over to teach them the basics of infiltration and information collection.

Liam let his eyes sweep over the group as they all broke into a run towards the mess hall—eager to get some food into their stomachs and to get out of the sun. He and Joshua waited for Sigmund, who’d started walking, to greet him before they’d then make their way into Legion headquarters together.

 “They’re going to get heatstroke sooner or later, Dad.” Joshua told Sigmund solemnly when the older man placed one hand on each of the pre-teens’ shoulders as they walked into the mess hall.

“They’ll live.” Sigmund shrugged unconcernedly. “If they can’t live past this, then they shouldn’t be Legion agents. Besides, this much won’t kill them.”

Liam was quiet for the entire walk to the mess hall, and even when they grabbed their lunches; rice with mashed potatoes and chicken. Lunch was always something hearty for the recruits. Cold lemon drinks were also served.

“Something on your mind, Liam?” Sigmund asked at last when they sat down at their usual table in the corner. “You’ve been really quiet today. Johan will probably be back in three days. He sent word yesterday.” He added, assuming that Liam was just missing his father. Sigmund made a mental note to speak to both Johan and Sage about lessening the number of missions that Johan had to take.

Liam shrugged. “I know,” he said before he finally looked up at Sigmund. “It’s just…” He struggled with his words. “Uncle Sig, will Dad allow me to sign up for the training program next year?”

Sigmund had been wondering how long it would be before either Liam or Joshua asked that very question. He placed his utensils down by the side of his plate before looking carefully at the two pre-teens. “Are you two aware of what you might have to do should you become fully-fledged Legion agents?” he asked quietly, and both boys shook their heads. Despite Johan and Sigmund’s high ranks, the two men were careful not to let their sons know of the darker nature of their jobs. “We’re soldiers. If the Commander orders, we will do anything in the name of justice. This will be what you’re signing up for. The route to reclaiming freedom for Adaytren will require us to dirty our hands. And not just the Legion either, but the underground rebels and all those who seek to overthrow the Effendi.”

Joshua looked sick, but Liam looked thoughtful. “…Yuri’s with the Effendi, isn’t she?” he asked quietly. “Dad told me before—that those soldiers that night were under orders from the Effendi to take her.”

Sigmund sighed, cussing his best friend beneath his breath. Just where was the sense in telling a five-year-old boy that his sister had been taken by the depraved leader of their nation?

He paused, trying to figure out how much to tell the two boys. They needed to understand what being a Legion agent was all about, and the political state and situation in the country as it stood.

“You’re both nine now. You’re old enough to understand.” Sigmund said slowly, looking from Joshua to Liam and back again. He hesitated. “How much of this country’s history do you know? I mean about the military factions.”

“Not that much. You wouldn’t tell me when I asked. Whatever I know, I learned from other recruits when they found the time to talk with us.” Joshua grumbled, causing his father to smile in amusement.

Liam only shrugged. “Dad wouldn’t tell me either,” he admitted. “I guess he thought that it’d be safer if I just stayed out of it.”

Honestly, given Johan Michaelis’ position in the thick of things, it seemed rather hypocritical of him. “All right. History time, boys.” Sigmund cleared his throat, and both pre-teens straightened up, staring at Sigmund with interest. “Before the Effendi came into power, there were three soldier factions. The Royal Guard, the Vanguard, and us—the Legion, the Secret Service agents.” He ticked them off using the fingers on his right hand. “The Royal Guard protects members of the Parliament—the ruling body of Adaytren, and keeps them safe from harm. They’re made up of the land’s best soldiers. The Vanguard maintains the order and peace of each district. Whilst we, the Legion, are mainly in charge of keeping the country safe from inside and outside threats—we are diplomats, messengers, spies and soldiers. You boys follow me so far?”

“I think so.” Joshua nodded slowly, and Liam echoed the movement from next to him.

“After the Effendi came into power, the entire military structure of Adaytren was entirely reconstructed. The Legion survivors all went into hiding after the Uprising—when the Effendi started hunting us all down after he came to power.” Sigmund explained. “The Effendi’s Guard are his own personal soldiers. And well, I’m pretty sure you know what they do at this point.”

Both boys grimaced. They’d seen the state of some Legion agents returning from a mission, or heard rumours about those who hadn’t returned at all. Sigmund had sometimes taken both Joshua and Liam to the Memorial Room in Legion headquarters where their dead were honoured. 

Liam and Joshua had sometimes seen Sigmund deep in thought over the years, staring at several dog tags all stained and crusted with dried blood—the only things left of the comrades whose bodies he was forced to leave behind.

“And there are also the elites of this country—the best soldiers and assassins in Adaytren. Also known as Dominion—the former members of the Royal Guard. The Dominion elites are also known as the Enforcers.” Sigmund told the boys. “All Legion agents who have gone against them have ended up dead. They’re that powerful. But they’re also a different faction on their own. The Effendi has no real power over them. I don’t know much about them, but it’s said that the Enforcers still have some honour. They aren’t like the soldiers of the Guard.”

Liam nibbled on his bottom lip nervously, his food barely touched. “So in a way, we’re the good guys?” he questioned uncertainly.

Sigmund shrugged, pausing to take another bite of food before he spoke again. “It depends on who you ask,” he explained. “The people of the underground could be said to be the good guys too, but unlike the Legion, they don’t care what they have to do in order to achieve their goals. Their methods are often cruel and even merciless, but they are effective. On the other hand, the Legion has rules to follow. So sometimes, we can’t always do what is ‘right’.” He scooped up another spoonful of rice. “There isn’t really any difference between the definitions of ‘good’ and ‘evil’ in a war.” Sigmund said solemnly. “The difference between us and the Effendi’s Guard are simply the routes that we take to do what we believe is right.”

“I don’t understand.” Joshua complained.

Sigmund smiled. “Someday you will, my son,” he said. “The only thing that we can do, is believe that we won’t regret the choice we make. There are no true victors in a war. Remember that. When both sides step out onto the battlefield, the lines between good and evil are blurred.”

Joshua still looked confused, but Liam looked thoughtful. They ate in silence for several minutes. After a while, Liam looked up over his food. “Will you teach me and Joshua to fight like you and Dad?”

“We’re making the cut-off next year, Dad. You can’t say that we’re too young anymore.” Joshua pointed out.

A twitch of Sigmund’s eyebrow gave away his annoyance, but he looked over at his best friend’s son. Johan probably wouldn’t like the idea of having Liam join the Legion, but then again, if Liam was anything like Johan at all, then Johan wouldn’t be able to stop him once he’d made up his mind.

“Is this for revenge, Liam?” Sigmund asked the nine-year-old solemnly. Liam shook his head fervently. “Then why do you want to learn to fight?” Sigmund asked, curious. “Is it…for your sister?”

“…Mostly, I guess.” Liam admitted, exchanging looks with Joshua before turning his attention back to Sigmund. “I still want to find her. And maybe joining the Legion can help me to do that. And I want to be able to protect the people I care about. I don’t want to see anyone else dead.” He admitted.

“Same here.” Joshua said with determination. “I just want the power to protect my friends.”

A muscle in Sigmund’s cheek twitched. Both Joshua and Liam had just reminded him so much of himself and Johan when they were young.

“That’s a good enough reason.” Sigmund said at last, nodding. “All right. I’ll teach both of you—I’m going to teach you how to fight.”

✯✯✯ 

Johan Michaelis made it back to Legion headquarters close to midnight—having returned from his mission three days early, much to Sage’s surprise when he’d handed in his report.

Taking several back-to-back missions with little to no rest in between was enough to even exhaust Johan, and thus, the man wanted nothing more than to check in on his son before taking a quick shower and falling into bed. He was surprised to find his best friend waiting for him upon leaving the Commander’s office.

“The boys are asleep.” Sigmund told Johan as both men fell into step with each other, walking towards their rooms. “And I’m not sure if Sage told you already, but we have a mission.” Sigmund gripped Johan’s arm for a second to stop his friend from turning around and heading straight back to the office. “But we can wait until tomorrow morning to set off.” He glared at Johan, daring him to argue. “You look ready to collapse. When’s the last time you had a full night’s rest? I’ll take you to the infirmary and pump you with sleeping pills if I have to.”

Johan shrugged, already feeling the fatigue settling into his bones. The pair continued on. “I heard about your promotion, by the way,” he said, giving a slight smile at Sigmund, a look of pride visible in his eyes. “Congratulations.”

Sigmund nodded, though he didn’t look that happy about it. “Thanks, I guess. But it really should have been you,” he said. “Sage told me that you turned it down when he informed me about the promotion.”

Johan didn’t look apologetic. He glanced at Sigmund. “If I become a department head, it would only restrict my time and movements to find my daughter. I didn’t want that.”

Sigmund furrowed his brows. “You seriously think she’s still alive?” he asked at last. “It’s been almost five years, Johan. And in that time, we’ve received no news about her.”

“Call it a parent’s intuition.” Johan said firmly. “I can sense it. I know that she’s still alive.” He sighed, rubbing at his eyes. “How’s Liam doing?” He asked, feeling guilty that he’d been leaving it to Sigmund to look after Liam when it should be his job.

“He’s fine. I swear, every single day that I see him, he keeps reminding me of you when we were that age.” Sigmund grumbled, and Johan chuckled. “He’ll be making the cut-off age next year.”

“I…” Johan fell silent.

“Johan, I know that you have your reasons for not wanting Liam to be in the spotlight.” How many times had Sigmund heard Johan using the same argument? “But you can’t hide him away forever! Besides, if it had been my daughter, I know for a fact that Joshua would have sold his soul to the devil himself just to find her. Any child of yours won’t be a regular agent once they’re done with the preliminary training. Face it, Johan. Those twins of yours are no ordinary kids. We knew that from the start. They’re natural born geniuses. Both of them.”

“I know that without you telling me.” Johan countered. “That’s why Yuri was taken in the first place. The Effendi needs her, Sig. He wants her talent and what she could grow to be. Just like her mother. Just like Laura.” Johan felt his heart clench at the mention of his late wife. “Besides, the Effendi wouldn’t kill his best asset. She has to be alive.”

By this time, they’d arrived at the doors of their individual rooms. “Right, onto business.” Sigmund said briskly, ready to fill Johan in onto the barest details of their next mission. “We’re to head out to Kilead. May’s on the night shift right now, so she’ll be pulling out the necessary maps and routes for us.”

Johan furrowed his brows, mentally calculating the distance to Kilead, and the time it would take. “Even if we set out at the crack of dawn, we won’t reach the town until nightfall the next day at the very earliest.”

“We’ll make it in time.” Sigmund murmured. “According to reports, Kilead is where the Effendi’s Guard have been housing children taken forcibly from their families.” Johan’s muscles stiffened, and he looked furious. “Sounds familiar?” He asked carefully, eyeing Johan warily, as the dark haired man looked ready to blow.

“Yeah.” Johan let out a feral sounding growl before he fell silent for several moments. “Do you think… Do you think that they might have information on Yuri’s whereabouts?” His voice croaked, sounding almost broken and pleading.

Sigmund didn’t see the proud and stubborn man that he had grown up with. Johan looked almost like a shadow of his former self. And Sigmund knew better than anyone else just how much Johan had been pushing himself just to find a sliver of information about his missing daughter.

“I don’t know.” Sigmund admitted at last. “But I think there’s a good chance that they might know. Not many people have features like your daughter. She won’t be easily overlooked. We’ll find her, Johan.” He promised. “No matter what, we’ll bring your daughter home.”

Johan nodded. “Yeah.”

✯✯✯ 

Liam wasn’t pleased when he woke up the next morning and found the usual note on his desk; stating that both his father and Sigmund would be gone on a mission for the next couple of days, and that Liam would have to wait just a little longer to talk to his father.

Liam growled irritably when he saw the single sentence scrawled on the piece of paper on his desk, written in his father’s handwriting.

Wait. Wait. Wait.

That’s all that Liam had been doing ever since his sister was taken.

We’ll talk once I get back, Liam.

Sorry Liam. I’m busy at the moment. We’ll talk later, okay?

Later, Liam. I’m tired.

Sorry Liam. Bedtime for you. We’ll talk later, okay?

Wait. Wait. Wait. He was so sick of waiting.

In the end, when had his father ever fulfilled any of his promises? 

Nearly five years, now, since Yuri was taken. And in those years, just how many times had Liam even seen his father? When was the last time the two had had a good, long talk with each other?

Liam picked up the silver photo frame on his desk, and looked hard at the photo of his twin sister resting within it—taken of the twins not long before Yuri was taken from him. His silvery blue eyes, so much like his sister’s, gazed at the smiling face of his twin—his other half.

“Liam, we’ll always be together, right?”

“Of course.”

“You’ll always protect me?”

“Of course. You’re my little sister.”

“You promise?”

“Yeah.”

Liam felt a white-hot surge of anger rise in him—something that he hadn’t felt since the night his sister was taken. Those guys—the Effendi’s men… He’ll never forgive them for tearing apart his family.

He’ll never forgive them for making him a liar…

“…Yuri, where are you?” Liam whispered, tracing his sister’s face with his fingertips. “You’re still alive, right? Where are you?”

There was no answer, and Liam wasn’t really expecting one.

✯✯✯ 

“You know, I’ve been wondering something.” Joshua said as the two best friends sat in the Legion’s library in the afternoon nearly two days later. 

When both boys were old enough to start wandering around by themselves without an escort, they could often be found in the library. It had quickly become Liam’s favourite place. Not many people knew, however, that Liam had been desperately trying to find some clues that could help him to find his twin sister—not willing to give up. 

As an only child, Joshua found it tough to understand. But he knew Liam’s stubborn streak. Once he’d made up his mind, nothing short of the apocalypse could make him change it. A trait which, as an exasperated Sigmund had told his son once, was also present in Liam’s father.

It made perfect sense that Liam would want to find his twin.

“Hmm?”

“I’ve barely seen your dad with you in the whole time that I’ve known you.” Joshua pointed out, and Liam looked up in surprise from the book that he was reading. 

Sigmund had basically taken over the job of raising Liam ever since they were five years old. It was a wonder that Joshua had never been jealous of his best friend taking up his father’s attention for much of his childhood. “You don’t seem to be too close to him. Was it always like that?”

—Was it always like that even before your sister was taken?

That had been the question on the tip of Joshua’s tongue, but he couldn’t bring himself to ask his best friend. The mere mention of his sister was taboo for Liam. Unless Liam himself brought up the topic, no one else did. 

Liam was quiet for several moments. “…I can’t really say that it had always been like that even before…everything, but yeah. I’m not too close with my dad,” he admitted.

“Does he blame you or something?” Joshua asked with bewilderment. Was that why the man was never around? He found his estimation of the man lowering.

Liam was startled enough to stare at Joshua for several moments without saying anything. “…Oh. Oh, you think that…? No, that’s not quite…” Liam hesitated and sighed, reaching up to rake a hand through his raven hair. “No, this has nothing to do with what happened that night.” He said at last. Liam stared out of the nearby window listlessly for several moments. A group of Legion trainees were just about visible in one of the fields through the window, with the setting sun casting a warm orange glow from the distance. “…It’s just… I look too much like Yuri, you know?” He looked at his best friend, gesturing towards himself. “Dad and Liv could never really tell us apart until Yuri started growing her hair out. And after Yuri was taken, Dad, he… He didn’t want a reminder staring him in the face all the time, I guess.” Liam found the words coming out easier than he’d first anticipated—a babble that reflected his true feelings on the matter.

“When Yuri was first taken, there were times when Dad had mistaken me for my sister.” Liam admitted. “Back then, whenever I really missed her, I used to stand in front of the mirror and stare at my reflection.” A wry smile crept on his face. “A little weird, I know. But it was one of the few ways that I could ‘see’ her again. I stopped after a few months. I realised that no matter how much I did that, Yuri wasn’t coming back. I started to want to look for her myself, but Dad wouldn’t let me leave the headquarters. And…” Liam shrugged weakly.

Liam continued staring out of the window, ignoring Joshua’s furious expression. Knowing his best friend the way he did, Liam knew that Joshua was furious with Johan on Liam’s behalf. And though Liam knew that he should really be defending his father, he didn’t.

Because honestly, had Johan ever even tried? Because in the end, wasn’t it Sigmund whom Liam always went to for scraped knees and alphabet lessons and new clothes even as he grew? Even the stories about the mother that he’d never known had come from Sigmund instead of Johan. Sigmund, not Johan—who had been his father.

It was rather sad, now that Liam thought about it. And while it was an unusual situation for bystanders like Joshua and Sigmund, to Liam, it was normal.

“He’s…not the greatest father in the world. That I can agree with.” Liam said, looking at Joshua who looked mildly guilty. “But he tried, especially after our mother died—” 

Not good enough though, a voice whispered in Liam’s mind—a tiny part of him resenting Johan for neglecting his fatherly duties. In ways, he had envied Joshua for as long as he could remember. After all, Joshua knew that he could always go to his father if something was troubling him. But Liam?

His father might still be alive, but just how much does Liam knows about his father and vice-versa? In fact, Liam probably knows more about Sigmund.

Wasn’t that rather telling in itself?

Liam could understand his father’s quest for finding Yuri, as he wanted the same thing. But Liam sometimes felt as if Johan didn’t even remember about Liam’s existence, or didn’t care about Liam himself. When he was younger and had dreadful nightmares and even night terrors, it had been Sigmund who had helped him through it. Sigmund, not his father.

Liam closed his eyes briefly, trying to choke down the feelings of resentment. “Dad’s never around, but at that time, Yuri and I had each other. Then when I came here, I met you. I was never…really alone, Joshua.” Liam added, looking at his best friend.

Joshua grunted. “It’s still not right,” he grumbled. “Dad never did the same thing with me, even when he was super busy. He never left me to caretakers all the time.”

Liam smiled weakly before the doors flew open with a loud bang, and both boys looked up—along with every other person in the library, including the very irritated librarian. 

The Legion agent who had just entered looked panicked. Looking wildly around the library, he caught sight of Liam and Joshua, and he immediately made his way towards them.

“Liam Michaelis?” The man questioned, and Liam nodded slowly, feeling a sense of dread pool in his stomach. It was never a good thing when a Legion agent approaches with a serious look on their face. “Your father’s back from his mission.” His face was tense. “Come with me. Quickly. He’s in a bad way.”

Liam didn’t realise that the book he’d been holding had fallen to the ground heavily, making quite a sound as it did so.

✯✯✯ 

The mission had started out so well.

Sigmund and Johan had been sent along with two other agents to a town named Kilead. It had been one of the towns hit the hardest when the Effendi had first came into power; the corrupt man had not liked how Kilead had refused to bow to his rule.

Even now, the town was still a shadow of its former self. Thus, the Effendi’s soldiers often used it as a kind of outpost to store documents, and items received from citizens as tax payments.

The mission had been pretty straightforward.

There were rumours about the Effendi using that particular town as a base for holding the children that he’d taken from their parents, until the youngsters were either shipped off to a training facility where they would be turned into soldiers, or sold off as slaves.

When Johan had heard the details, he’d immediately agreed to undertake it. 

The mission had turned horribly wrong. Very quickly.

Johan and Sigmund had stumbled across a room containing two frightened children probably not much older than Joshua and Liam. The situation had escalated when the Effendi’s soldiers were alerted to the presence of four Legion agents, and a fight had broken out. In the midst of it, one of the soldiers had set the warehouse on fire, deciding to destroy all evidence to prevent any further trouble from the Legion.

Johan was already exhausted even before beginning the mission, and thus, he had his guard down when trying to protect the two children whom they’d found. 

That one moment was all that the opposing side needed.

Sigmund and his remaining two comrades rushed back to Legion headquarters as fast as they could with a seriously injured Johan, using whatever that they remembered of emergency first aid to prolong his life.

And now Johan Michaelis was lying on a gurney in the emergency room of Legion headquarters, his life slowly slipping away from him as a team of Legion medics tried their best to save him. 

“Damn it…!” Sigmund gritted his teeth even as he clenched his bloodied hands into fists, smelling copper and trying to stay as close as possible to his best friend, as the medics around him did their best to keep Johan’s heart pumping. “Come on, Johan…! Please…! Don’t die!”

Johan’s eyes were half glazed over—almost as if he didn’t register what was going on. “…Sigmund…” Johan rasped. His eyes alternated between opening and closing. “…Tell Liam…that…I’m sorry…” He slurred.

Sigmund shook his head. “Tell him yourself,” he said earnestly, his voice shaking with emotion as he tried to ignore the amount of blood now pooling on the floor around the gurney. “Tell him that yourself, Johan! Please… Keep your eyes open! Stay with me…!” Sigmund hollered. “Don’t you dare give up! Don’t fall asleep, Johan!”

Johan smiled weakly. “…It’s…too late for me…and you know it…” he rasped, eyes moving from one person to the next. The man jerked his wrist weakly away from one of the medics who had approached with a needle—presumably with anaesthesia. He coughed harshly, blood spilling from the edges of his lips. 

The doors to the emergency room flew opened just then, to admit a panicked Liam with an equally anxious looking Joshua next to him.

Liam’s eyes widened in horror.

“DAD!”

Liam was by Johan’s side almost immediately, grasping Johan’s blood-soaked fingers with his own—almost as if doing so could help Johan to hang onto life for just a little longer. 

Quietly, the team of medics shared a glance between them, lightly covered Johan’s wounded abdomen, and left the emergency room. Knowing that they could no longer do anything, they chose to let Johan say his farewells in peace.

Liam’s eyes brimmed with tears. The force of his emotions shocked him; he’d not cried since his sister had been taken.

Johan smiled weakly at Liam. “…Hey Liam…” he rasped. “…I’m glad…that I could get to see you…” His words slurred as he spoke. His eyelids fluttered, almost closing.

Liam shook his head desperately, not wanting to believe that his father was dying. “Dad, don’t leave me!” he cried. “Don’t leave me behind! Don’t die!”

Joshua felt a lump form in his throat at this heart wrenching scene, and grasped the folds of his father’s coat tightly—as if making sure that his father was still there with him. To his surprise, Sigmund grasped Joshua’s shoulder so tightly that it almost hurt—wanting to keep Joshua there and close to him.

“…Dad…?” Joshua looked up at his father with tearful eyes.

Sigmund said nothing but pressed his hand against the back of Joshua’s head, burying Joshua’s face into the soft folds of Sigmund’s coat, not wanting his son to see Johan die. Sigmund closed his eyes briefly, letting a tear trickle down his face.

“…I’m…sorry…” Johan rasped, smiling at Liam weakly. “…I…let you down…as your father…”

“…Dad…!” Liam tried to keep his voice from shaking. Tears spilled from his eyes, blurring his vision. He squeezed his father’s right hand, but received no return pressure. “I…”

“…Find your sister, Liam. Find her… Protect her… Bring…her home…” Johan wheezed. “Can…you promise me that?”

Liam nodded his head. “I promise!” he choked.

“Sig…”

“I’m here.” Sigmund was relieved to find that his voice came out steady.

Johan breathed heavily, turning unseeing eyes towards his best friend. “…I’m sorry…” he rasped. “…For everything…” He coughed harshly. “Take care…of Liam…for me…”

Sigmund nodded. “I will. I swear it.” He had never felt so helpless before in his life. He could only watch as his best friend slipped from one world to the next, only able to comfort his dying friend, to give him some peace of mind.

“…End…our war for us…” Johan rasped. “…Change…this world…” He breathed heavily. “…Believe…in yourself, Liam… You are stronger…than you think…you are…” He coughed harshly. “The rest…is up to you…” Johan wheezed. “Joshua…” Joshua removed his face from his father’s side to gaze at his godfather. “Take care of Liam… Stay with him…” Joshua nodded, not trusting his tongue. “The future… I’m leaving…it up to you…”

“…Johan…” Sigmund murmured, placing his hand on his friend’s forearm.

“Is…this Death?” Johan’s words were slurred by the crimson blood leaking from the sides of his lips. “If Death…is this peaceful…then I’m no longer afraid…” Johan coughed, then managed a small smile at Sigmund. “Up until now, I hadn’t…realised that disappearing from this world…would be so…lonely.” He whispered. “I’m tired…” His voice grew fainter. “I’m so sleepy… I’d like to sleep now…”

No…

Sigmund choked back the sob in his throat. “It’s all right,” he said, forcing the words out, feeling like something stabbed his heart with every word. “I understand. I’ll take over from here. I… I’ll take care of your children for you.”

Liam choked back a sob. “…Dad…!”

Johan coughed harshly, his fingers slowly becoming numb. “…Laura…” he rasped; his eyes glazing over—seeing something that none of them could.

Memories danced across the back of his eyes, and he found himself remembering happier times. He remembered Laura. For the first time since his wife had died and his daughter was taken away, Johan then realised how ignorant and selfish he had been, and how much he’d neglected his son. How he wished he could have been there to record every milestone of Liam’s life.

But it’s too little. Too late.

Johan looked towards Sigmund, staring up at his best friend for several moments, taking in several rasping breaths as he did so. Sigmund didn’t look away; he couldn’t afford to. He stared into those eyes filled with pain and understanding.

Then slowly, Johan’s eyelids shut, the up-and-down breathing motions of his chest stilled completely.

Sigmund bit on his bottom lip as Liam cried, staring at Johan’s face, willing him to open his eyes and to tell them that he is all right.

Sigmund stared, but nothing happened.

Johan did not open his eyes again.

✯✯✯ 

Johan Michaelis’ funeral was held the very next day.

It was an extremely private affair, only attended by his closest friends and his son. And, like other funerals that the Legion held for their agents, they chose to burn Johan’s body, keeping his cremated remains in the underground graveyard within Legion headquarters.

Liam hadn’t said a single word since watching his father die, and Joshua honestly doubted that the boy had slept at all the previous night. Joshua himself said nothing too—waiting for Liam to make the first move. He’d be there for Liam—whenever he was needed.

He’d promised Johan, after all.

✯✯✯ 

Joshua glanced over at Liam, sat on his bed in the dorm room and fiddling with the silver cross pendant that he always saw around Liam’s neck. Hell, he had never seen Liam without it.

Joshua would have preferred it if Liam said something—scream at him or something. He’d at least know how to handle that. But this Liam, who said nothing but bottled up all his feelings…

“Come on, Liam. Talk to me.” Joshua sighed, breaking the long silence that had befallen ever since Johan Michaelis had passed away nearly two days ago. “Tell me how you’re feeling. Get angry. Just do something, I’m begging you. You’re scaring me—”

“…I’m going to sign up next year, Joshua.” Liam said at last, his voice croaking—like he hadn’t used it for a while. He looked at his best friend. “With the Legion’s training program.”

“…I see.” That was all that Joshua could say in reply; he’d already anticipated this. Even before…everything, Liam had wanted to sign up with the Legion and find his sister. Now with his father gone, Liam probably felt that he didn’t have anything left to lose.

“…I’ll find my sister.” Liam swore, clutching at the cross pendant around his neck. “I’ll avenge my father. I’ll stop the Effendi. I’m going to change this country.”

And those…are promises that I swear I will keep.







4

LIAM, THE PRESENT


What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. - Plutarch

✯✯✯ 

It was a beautiful place, Liam could admit.

The Legion’s underground graveyard was basically an underground garden of sorts—with sweet smelling grass and flowers. Several of the lower ranked agents—usually the rookies, would come down here once every few days to water the plants and tend to the flowers—to make sure that no weeds crept and choked the plant life.

Liam still couldn’t figure out just how they’d managed to get flowers to bloom in an underground place that got no natural sunlight.

And while they might call it the graveyard, instead of headstones sticking out of the earth like teeth, a long stretch of wall reached from one end of the sprawling underground room to the other, engraved with the names of all the agents who had fallen in battle—the names of their heroes.

Ever since his father had passed away nearly nine years ago, Liam had often come to mediate or even to read—just relaxing amongst the sweet smelling grass. And considering the fact that one couldn’t really find anything a truly peaceful place in Adaytren any longer, no one is really surprised that Liam had made the underground graveyard his sanctuary—the place where he would always go to when he wants to be by himself.

Liam stood before the long marble wall, his eyes moving over the names, catching sight of his father’s name, along with a few others that he’s familiar with. As always, he was almost stunned to realise that hundreds of Legion agents had all given up their lives in search for a better future—all with the goal to free the country from the Effendi’s tyrannical rule.

A muscle in Liam’s cheek twitched as his eyes returned to Johan Michaelis’ name on the monument wall. Even after all these years—a part of Liam was still angry with his father.

Liam sighed, reaching out with his right hand, touching his father’s name with his fingertips. “…Dad, has it really been nine years? And nearly fourteen since Yuri got taken?” His lips quirked slightly. “Yuri…” He murmured.

“I thought that you might be here.” An exasperated voice spoke from behind him, and Liam glanced over his shoulder only to see an annoyed Joshua walking towards him. “You have a mountain of paperwork waiting for you on your desk, Liam. We have reports to file from our last mission.”

“I know. I’ll go back soon.” Liam told his best friend before turning his gaze back and fiddling with the cross pendant around his neck. Joshua stood beside him with his hands stuffed into his pockets, also gazing at the monument wall. 

Joshua glanced at his best friend. “…You really think that your sister is still alive?” he asked seriously.

“There hasn’t been anything pointing to her death.” Liam said firmly. Joshua was the only person who could mention his sister’s name within his earshot without Liam flying off the handle. “I’m not going to give up on her. And call it a brother’s gut feeling, or even a twin thing.” He added as an afterthought. “I can feel it. I just know that Yuri is still alive. And I’m going to find her. I wouldn’t have even joined the Legion otherwise.”

Joshua bit on his bottom lip before looking at Liam. He’d been thinking about it for some time now—ever since Liam was promoted to Squad Leader and given his own team a few years back, and Joshua was named as his second-in-command.

Joshua finally sighed. “…Liam, I apologise in advance if I sound cruel, and you’re free to punch me for it. But let me say this first,” he said at last, and Liam raised an eyebrow. “Your sister was taken by the Effendi, right?” Liam nodded slowly, clearly perplexed. “And throughout all these years, there has never been any news about her. Assuming she is still alive, have you never thought that there might be a chance that she’s working for the Effendi?” Joshua asked carefully, and Liam looked as if he’d just been slapped. Joshua continued. “We’re Legion agents, Liam. Our enemies are the soldiers of this nation and the Effendi. If your sister is indeed still alive, and in the worst case scenario, working for the Effendi, you might one day find yourself pointing your gun at the very person whom you wanted to protect.” He warned.

Joshua knew his words may have been cruel, but he’d rather spare his best friend the heartache that the shock would no doubt cause him if Liam should one day end up facing his twin on the battlefield as enemies. 

Gaia knows that Joshua had seen it before. 

Countless times.

Civil war is never a pretty business, after all. It pits brother against brother. Husband against wife. Friend against friend. And in the end, no one ever emerges the victor. The only victors in a war are those that survive. Nothing more.

Joshua knew better than most the fates of those that were taken by the Effendi. Liam’s team had taken countless missions revolving around those taken by the Effendi. Those that didn’t end up as sex slaves usually ended up as soldiers in the Guard.

Liam fell silent for a long time. 

He’d had the same thoughts as Joshua several times throughout the years.

There aren’t many places where the kidnapped children end up, after all.

If his sister… If Yuri was really a soldier working for the Effendi… One day, would he face her as an enemy, pointing his gun at the very person whom he wanted to protect?

Liam’s silence continued for a very long time before he turned to face his best friend. “…I’ll deal with it once the time comes,” he said at last, his voice shaking. “But no matter what she’s done, she will always be my sister.” He sighed. “Come on, let’s go back to the office. Like you said, there’s a mountain of paperwork waiting for me.”

Liam took one last, long look back at the monument wall before leaving, and Joshua caught the longing look on his face.







5

YURI, THE PAST


If you do what is right, will you not be accepted? But if you do not do what is right, sin is crouching at your door; it desires to have you, but you must master it.” - Genesis 4:7

✯✯✯ 

Darkness.

That was all that greeted her.

She couldn’t remember much of that time: her past, who she is, or if she even had a family. Her very first memory was of serving in the militia under the Effendi’s rule—being a student at the military academy—a candidate of the Child Soldier Program before the Dominion commander had looked at her and decided that he wanted her for Dominion—despite her tender age.

But when she concentrated really hard, she could vaguely recall old snippets of what seem to be memories. And on very rare occasions, those ‘memories’ would come as dreams. Though when that happened, she usually suffered them as terrible nightmares. Her tossing and turning and crying out would wake her roommate up, much to their annoyance.

Voices—that’s what they were—drifting in and out of her dream realms, ethereal and echoing across the empty chambers of her mind. Voices, haunting and ghostly—appearing almost like white wisps of smoke that she could not touch. 

Voices…

Screaming. Pleading. Peaceful. Accepting. Anger. Despairing. 

…Where did the last come from?

“…They are coming! Y-ri… Li-m…! Hide!”

The voices are almost broken up—sounding like some bad static from a broken radio.

“…Help… It hurts… Help me… Please…!”

“…Why are you doing this…? Does the Effendi want us all dead before he’s satisfied? What kind of monsters are you?”

“…Hey Y-ri. Do you think…that there’s a next life?”

“…If there is a next life, let’s meet again.”

“…Sir, if we continue, we might destroy her mind!”

Then, there are other voices—of a time when everything was so much simpler—when all that she has to worry about is whether or not she can come back alive from a mission.

“…Hey, do you think we can ever get out of here?”

“…Where are you taking him?”

“…Mi-h-il…!”

“…This is Gale.”

“…I don’t know. I’ve stopped asking…”

“…What’s your name…?”

…Yuri…

✯✯✯ 

The loud, boisterous laughter echoed around the sleazy establishment. The portly man wrapped his beefy arm around the girl sent to ‘entertain’ him that night, his other hand groping at her—ignoring the frightened look on her face.

“What’s that look on your face?” The man demanded, seeing how frightened the girl looks. “I paid good money for you, and you can’t entertain me?”

One of the man’s guards sighed, exchanging looks with his fellow bodyguards—most of whom were underground thugs taking on this job for a bit of easy cash. Gaia knew that finding a job in Adaytren was a task in itself.

And this time, there were more than thirty of them—a bit extreme for a simple bodyguard job.

The girl let out a cry and fell to the ground as the man backhanded her hard across the face.

“Get me someone better!” The man barked.

The door to the private room swung open at that moment, and the guard blinked in surprise. The figure standing in front of them was decked out fully in black. A hood concealed their face. Hell, he couldn’t even tell if this person is a male or a female, though judging by the body size, he’s banking on the latter—and she seems to be a kid.

“Uh…” The thug mumbled, staring at the hooded figure. Who the hell was this? “You are?”

“Huuuuh?” The portly man looked up over picking up an enormous mug of booze, with a flush of red already visible on his face. “What?”

The hooded figure looked at the sobbing girl. “Leave this place now.” The feminine voice finally gave her away. 

The pleasure girl was quick to take the advice, and left the room as fast as she could, with the door closing silently behind her. “You’re Gast, aren’t you?” The hooded figure removed her hood to reveal high cheekbones and the delicate face of a girl not much older than fourteen or so.

An ignorant person would have just dismissed this girl, but the underground thug knew better, and he kept one hand instinctively on his sword as he eyed the girl warily. Something told him that the cute little girl was bad news.

It was that look in her eyes. Those eyes belonged to a true killer.

“What the hell?” The portly man—Gast wondered, as he peered at some kid appearing in a place off-limits to everyone below the age of fifteen. “Where the hell did you come from?”

“From the door.” The girl deadpanned, jerking her thumb backwards. A small smirk crept on her face as the light shhh of a blade being removed from its sheathe sounded, and the girl held a short, black-hilted silver blade inches away from her face. The room’s lights bounced off the blade, creating a hypnotic glimmering effect. “You’ve been a baaaad man, Gast. You’ve used up all your chances, and Dominion is here to collect.” She drawled.

Gast’s eyes widened.

Dominion.

Hell, even the civilians and the soldiers of Adaytren fears them—particularly the elites of that organisation. 

The Enforcers.

They’re somewhat like a ghost story—or the Bogey Man even, amongst the people of Adaytren.

No matter their appearance, or how young they are, it would be a big mistake to underestimate them—a mistake that most wouldn’t make twice. Dominion were the nation’s top killers and soldiers for a reason—the Effendi’s best weapons to deal with the various rebel groups, and the reason many of those groups had gone silent in recent years.

And it is now when Gast recalled a particular rumour that had been going around the various underground circles and even amongst Adaytren—of a particular member of the famed squadron.

Of a girl that is young—tiny even—and yet had been one of Dominion’s top killers. A girl whose eyes resemble the moon, and with hair as dark as the night itself. A girl whose real name had been forgotten—not that anyone even knew her real name to begin with. A girl that is more commonly known by her nickname—a title even—

Gast croaked in fear, finding that his hands have suddenly turned clammy, and that he found it almost difficult to breathe even as he stared at the petite teen standing across him. “Enforcer No. 4.”

The girl gave a light quirk of her lips that would have resembled a smile had it reached her eyes. “…I see that you’ve heard of me,” she spoke with an air of someone commenting about the weather. The thugs whom Gast had hired as his bodyguards froze in the midst of drawing their weapons. “I’m honoured.”

“You’re among the most well-known members of Dominion.” Gast said, his eyes wide with fear, remembering the stories he’d heard. “It’s said that you could stop a person in their tracks with just a look—though I had assumed it to be mere exaggeration on their part.”

The girl smiled coldly. “What else do they say about me?” she enquired, almost politely.

For a long moment, the man said nothing. “…They said that you earned your nickname as the ‘Black Fang’. That no one could catch you or even match you in speed. They also said…” He gulped nervously, recalling one of the dark whispers of the notorious child assassin. The man took a deep breath to calm his erratic heartbeat. “They also said that you’re ruthless—if you had your eyes set on a target, whoever they are will never escape alive.”

“I guess I’ve been gaining a little too much attention.” The girl mused with a disturbingly cold smile, thumbing at the edge of the blade in her hand without breaking skin. “And you’re right on all accounts. That’s why the killing starts now.”

Without warning, every light bulb in the room shattered at the same instant, enveloping the entire room in darkness. The hired thugs tensed and reached for their weapons immediately.

Gast meanwhile was beyond terrified. He knew of the dark whispers that followed the Black Fang, and what she’d done to her enemies. The whispers that she was a master of psychological tactics—that she could break full-grown men without even touching them.

“Stop her! Don’t let her get close!” Gast cried out, looking wildly around him in the hopes of making out something in this pitch black darkness.

“…Here we go.” The girl’s haunting, melodious voice echoed around the room. “One, Two. She’s coming for you. Three, Four. Shut the door.”

“Stop her!” Gast screamed, his voice going a few octaves higher as his fear reached new levels. Is this what every past victim of Dominion had felt like before they’d met their demise? 

There were light grunts and sounds of gunfire as his bodyguards shot at where they thought the girl might be. Though judging by the sounds of loud screams, those bullets had hit their comrades instead.

“Five, Six. To the River Styx. Seven, Eight. It’s too late.” The voice continued.

There was a loud scream, and the sound of a blade sinking into flesh. Then nothing.

“What’s going on? Where is she?”

The door rattled in its frame as one of the men tried to open it in the hope of letting in some light…or escape.

“Damn it all! The door’s locked!”

“Don’t just stand there! Spread out! If we can’t see her, then she can’t see us—Urk!”

A cold chuckle then echoed eerily throughout the room. “You’re all going to die here. I won’t let a single one of you escape from this place.”

Then suddenly, everything was quiet.

Gast breathed erratically, feeling his blood pumping in his ears. Was it over? “H-Hey! Did one of you get her?” he demanded, trying to bury his uneasiness and fear.

No one answered.

“Oi! One of you answer me!” Gast roared, even as silence continued to greet him.

The emergency lights in the room turned on at that very moment.

Gast’s eyes widened to almost the size of dinner plates. His guards—nearly thirty men—all lay dead on the ground. Every single one had a deep slash visible on their necks with blood pooling around their heads—all with blank eyes still wide with shock.

Gast got to his feet, almost stumbling backwards over the dead body of his nearest bodyguard.

He had to get out of there. 

Gast froze as he felt the cold steel of a blade touch the skin on the side of his neck, and realised that he wasn’t as alone as he had assumed.

“…Nine, Ten. This is the end.” A voice whispered in his ear.

And then, all he knew was pain.

✯✯✯ 

Yuri wiped the blood coating her blade with the shirt of the man whom she had just killed. She then turned and left the room. The brothel’s hallway was empty, and the only sounds that could be heard were that of her own footsteps.

Finally, she made her way down the stairs leading to the main lobby, where nearly every pleasure girl was gathered—all dressed in skimpy outfits that showed much skin, or even transparent see-through garments.

There was a sudden hush as the teen started walking down the stairs. After all, each of them knew what is going to happen the moment that Yuri had appeared at the brothel, bearing the crest of Dominion on the back of her cloak.

The madam stepped forward. Unlike the girls under her care, the woman was dressed in a figure hugging red dress, with a black fur scarf draped around her neck. She held a smoking pipe in between the painted blood-red fingers of her right hand. Her once black hair, now streaked with gray, was tied back in a tight bun. She didn’t seem to be afraid.

“Done already, Yuri?” The madam enquired, though she knew it without even asking.

Yuri glanced at the woman. “My apologies for the trouble, Big Mama,” she replied, “someone will be here to clear the bodies soon.” She nodded politely. “I’ll take my leave.”

With a light swish of the cloak, Yuri walked towards the entrance of the brothel and left the establishment.

Big Mama sighed. Unlike most of Adaytren, she didn’t fear the members of Dominion, knowing them to be as human as the rest of them. But only because she had also seen them at their most vulnerable. “Still one of Dominion’s best. Listen carefully, girls—and remember this. If you value your lives, never make an enemy out of them.” Big Mama warned. “You’ll never live long enough to see next week’s sunrise if you do. The rumours don’t do their strength any justice. And may the gods take mercy on you if you find your name on the hit list of that girl.” She gestured with painted nails towards the exit that Yuri had just taken. “The Black Fang. Dominion’s Enforcer No. 4.”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri can barely remember his face.

Yuri only remembers flashes of blonde hair. And she only remembers that his name begins with ‘M’.

Along with Gale, he had been her first true friend. They’d done everything together back then—all three of them. They helped to keep each other sane, especially with the brutal training that they were forced to undergo—with their bodies and minds being pushed to the limit. Many of those in the Specialised Program never returned to the dormitories after being taken to some training room or another.

Yuri never bothered to ask. After all, often, they had heard whispers of how those deemed too weak are made to ‘disappear’.

Such was their world. 

And then came that day.

All eighteen candidates were pitted against each other, with the victor being taken away to one of the experimental rooms to be pumped full of drugs to increase their strength, their speed and their senses.

And as far as Yuri was aware of, apart from herself, there were only two other survivors.

Gale…and one other.

“…Hey, do you think we can ever get out of here?”

A gentle smile. Warm golden eyes. “Let’s make a promise. Let’s meet up again once we’ve passed through the basics of the Specialised Program.”

“…We’re friends, aren’t we…?”

“…Yeah, it’s a promise. Let’s meet up again.”

“You promise, right, Mikhail?”

“Of course.”

“…It’s a promise…”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri’s eyes snapped opened as she awoke from a restless sleep, only to be greeted with the dark sky still filled with stars, twinkling like diamonds on black velvet. She sat and looked around the familiar meadow, then back at the large oak tree she’d fallen asleep under.

Even before she’d joined Dominion, she had often come out to the meadow during her free time. As the place was technically still within the Royal City, she wasn’t breaking any rules, so the higher ups couldn’t say anything. Then again, most people—even the higher ups that were both older and higher in rank wouldn’t interact with her much either way.

Taking a glance at her wristwatch, Yuri realised that it was five in the morning. Dawn would break in an hour or so. Giving a small sigh, the pre-teen got to her feet, and stretched to get the kinks and knots out of her body, feeling some satisfaction when she heard her bones pop.

Yuri looked skywards again. “…Each star in the sky represents a dearly departed soul, huh?” Yuri whispered, remembering the phrase from a half-memory created long ago. “If so, is one of the stars up there you?”

…Live on…

Yuri closed her eyes briefly, trying to wash away the hazy memory of pouring rain and crimson blood, and that of a body slowly growing cold as the owner died in her arms.

“…I am living.” Yuri whispered. Her hand fell over the hilt of her blade at the holster by her side. “But it’s easier said than done.”

✯✯✯ 

The sun’s early morning rays barely peeked in through the gaps of the dark blue curtains. A single gray eye opened a crack before the owner sighed, sat up in his bed, and ran a hand through his messy hair. The sun’s rays caught the auburn highlights in his dark locks.

Gale blinked blearily for several moments, trying to get the sleep out of his eyes before his gaze went automatically to the only other bed in the room. The bed sheets were still neat and undisturbed.

Gale furrowed his brows. He was then broken out of his thoughts when the door of the dorm’s attached bathroom swung open, and a petite girl a little younger than him stepped out, dressed in a black tee and black cargo pants, her dark hair damp from the shower.

Yuri looked at Gale with a raised brow before she tossed the dirty clothing into the laundry basket just beside the bathroom door. Gale’s sharp eyes caught the sight of what seemed to be bloodstains.

“Morning.” Yuri greeted with a small voice, towelling her hair dry with the white towel around her shoulders.

“Morning.” Gale greeted as he got to his feet and headed towards his wardrobe to pick out his clothes for the day. “Did you just get back?” He enquired.

“About an hour ago when I made my report to the commander.” Yuri shrugged, not even batting an eye as Gale stripped down and changed into his clothes for the day. “That man didn’t really make it that difficult for me to find him anyway. Honestly, who on earth goes and enjoys himself in a brothel when he knows that someone wants him dead?” Yuri huffed, and Gale chuckled.

The older boy then raised a brow as he saw Yuri picking up her dagger pouches from her desk and strapping them to her belt.

“I’m pretty sure that you’re supposed to have today off, Yuri.” Gale commented. “Are you still going to the Academy today?” Yuri looked at her best friend and nodded. Gale groaned. “Honestly, I don’t know why you even bother going to the Academy. Technically, you don’t even need it anymore.” He rolled his eyes as he retrieved his black combat boots from the foot of the bed.

Officially, as Yuri’s partner and watcher, he was supposed to accompany her everywhere whenever she was back in the Royal City. Unofficially however, the commander of Dominion didn’t want anyone else to die needlessly at Yuri’s hands if they said something they shouldn’t.

“Commander’s orders.” Yuri stated simply, tugging on her boots and lacing them up. Gale said nothing to that, since it was much the same reason why he was still going to the Academy, even though much like Yuri, he didn’t need the basic preliminary training there anymore. Unlike Yuri however, Gale had a different set of orders.

“Even so, I could’ve sworn that you should have been back earlier than this.” Gale commented. “A mission of that calibre shouldn’t have given you this much trouble.”

Yuri paused in the midst of lacing up her boots. “…I fell asleep in the meadow,” she said simply, and Gale nodded in understanding. “…I started dreaming about ‘him’ again.” Gale barely managed to restrain a flinch at the mere mention of it. “I’ve started to forget what he looks like. And his name.”

Gale didn’t know what to say. Honestly, he could understand Yuri’s feelings to a certain extend. Sometimes, he dreams of another boy—one who had grown up together with him and Yuri in the Specialised Program. But what was his name?

Gale couldn’t remember. Not any longer.

“…Marcus and Hiram once taught me something.” Gale said at last. “Those that seek vengeance…might as well seek two graves.” Yuri looked at him curiously. “And from time to time, a life in darkness can bring you courage.”

Yuri frowned. “What in the world are you talking about, Gale?” she asked, perplexed. Gale was never one to talk in riddles.

Before the older boy could answer, there was a knock on their dorm door. The pair exchanged looks before the older of the two got to his feet and opened the door to reveal a soldier standing outside.

“Are you Gale?” The man asked Gale, who nodded. “The commander of Dominion would like to see you in his office at your earliest convenient time.” He then saluted to the two—crossing his right arm across his chest, and left.

Gale turned to look at Yuri who sighed, knowing what her best friend was concerned about. 

Honestly, if she could handle herself against men more than twice her size and age and who also easily outnumbered her tenfold during missions, she could survive being alone in the Academy by herself for a few moments.

“…I’ll be fine. Go.” Yuri said. “I’ll try not to kill anyone whilst you’re gone.”

✯✯✯ 

Oil lamps hung on the walls as Gale took the route that he could probably walk with his eyes closed by now. With its biometric locks on every door, Dominion’s headquarters probably had the tightest security in all of the Royal City. 

Finally, Gale reached his destination. He paused for a few moments before he rapped on the black brass door to announce his presence. A muffled voice from inside called for him to enter.

The commander of Dominion, a man with platinum blonde hair reaching down to just below his nape, sat behind his mahogany desk, working tirelessly on a stack of paperwork. Intelligent and assessing pale blue eyes, that seemed as though they could look through a person, glanced at Gale as he entered. 

Tall windows that reached from floor to ceiling were visible just behind the Commander, overlooking the Royal City itself. A black leather couch was placed just against the wall in a corner. A man with untidy dark hair and bright, cat-like green eyes leaned against the window.

Unlike the Commander’s lean stature however, this man was tall with muscles visible even through his white shirt and black leather coat.

“My apologies, are you in a meeting?” Gale enquired. “I can come back later if you wish?”

“No. Stay here, Gale.” Hiram placed down his pen as he spoke. “I want you to hear this too.”

“Sir?”

“We both got called in by the Effendi early this morning, Gale.” Marcus spoke up, finally tearing his eyes away from the view of the Royal City, turning towards the teen. The interrogator pulled a pack of cigarettes from within his pocket and lit one, ignoring the glare from Hiram and the disgusted look on Gale’s face as he took a puff. He then walked towards the black leather couch and dropped himself down in it. “He’s got quite the interesting ‘request’ for us.”

“This isn’t your office, Marcus.” Hiram grumbled, but Marcus ignored him.

The commander of Dominion looked at Gale, and Hiram couldn’t really blame the teenager for his confused expression. After all, the Effendi and his Guard both tended to keep out of Dominion’s way. There was an unspoken rule about it even: as long as the Effendi and the Guard don’t interfere with Dominion, Dominion will leave them alone.

“According to the Effendi, he feels that we’re a little short handed of late, and as he had also been hearing disturbing rumours that members of our squadron don’t go to the military doctors to get themselves treated after a mission. He thus saw it fit to assign one to us.” Marcus had a sneer on his face. “And we can’t exactly say no either, as we’ve already been treading on the Effendi’s toes a great deal of late. And guess who the Effendi has assigned to us?” Gale furrowed his brows before shrugging. Marcus sighed. “Ezekiel.” He almost spat out the name.

At the mere mention of the name Gale narrowed his eyes dangerously. He already had quite a few bad experiences with the man. 

And so did Yuri. 

Way before Hiram had decided that Gale and Yuri were both what he wanted for Dominion, the two had been prime candidates for the Child Soldier Program. In preparation, Gale and Yuri had been given all kinds of drugs and treatments to make them stronger and much more powerful than the average person. And the scientist who had been the one to administer those ‘treatments’ to them happened to be Ezekiel.

Amongst the soldiers of Adaytren, Ezekiel had a dubious reputation. The man was no fighter. But he was dangerous in a different way. Yuri had never said anything, but Gale was pretty sure that Ezekiel had done a fair amount of experiments on her before Hiram had taken her under his protection.

“The Effendi shouldn’t be able to interfere with us.” Gale said with a scowl on his face. “It’s one of the laws that he wrote himself when he first came into power.”

All Enforcers knew the laws of Adaytren back to front. 

“Technically, he isn’t, Gale.” Hiram sighed, massaging his temples. “He’s just giving us some ‘extra manpower’ so to speak. And I don’t think that it’s wise to say no.”

Gale scowled. Right. Politics.

“I don’t trust Ezekiel, sir. You know his reputation.” Gale warned. “And you know that he’s directly in the Effendi’s pocket. If we agree to let Ezekiel ‘join us’, he’ll probably report to the Effendi everything that he hears in here. And Yuri will sooner throw herself off the rooftop of Dominion headquarters than have anything to do with him. I don’t know the full details of what Ezekiel did to her—Yuri is pretty tight-lipped about it—but I got a general idea.” Gale added, a dark look appearing on his face.

The two older men said nothing to that, and it was a moment before one of them spoke.

“All of us know why the Effendi wants him with us.” Marcus replied darkly, taking a long puff on his cigarette and breathing out a ring of smoke. 

Gale sighed. “…Yuri,” he murmured.

Marcus nodded grimly. “Yuri,” he echoed. “I have no idea why the Effendi is so obsessed with her, but whatever it is, it can’t be anything good. It never is whenever you’ve got the most powerful man in the nation interested in you.” He warned.

“I don’t think that the Effendi is totally over the fact that I ‘poached’ her, so to speak, and got her into Dominion where she’s out of his reach.” Hiram concluded with a frown. “But I don’t think that Ezekiel or the Effendi will do anything either. They know what we can do, and will do.” He rubbed at his temples. “Look, let’s leave them be for now. I’ll let Ezekiel into Dominion.” Marcus frowned, and Gale scowled. Hiram put up a hand to stop the protests. “While it’s true what you said, Gale—that Ezekiel might be here to spy on us and report everything that happens here to the Effendi, the reverse is true as well.”

“We can keep an eye on Ezekiel.” Marcus added, starting to understand Hiram’s plan. “It’s going to be a risky gamble, sir.” He warned.

“I know. But we don’t have much of a choice.” Hiram sighed. He then looked at Gale. “Gale. Your opinion please. What do you think Yuri would do? Honestly, for all that I’ve trained her personally, I still can’t figure out how her mind works at times.” He admitted grudgingly.

Marcus snorted in amusement. “You trained her as a tactician—a strategist,” he pointed out bluntly. “Only ironic that your own student would surpass you in your best area.”

Hiram ignored Marcus’ snide remark. Gale had a thoughtful look on his face as he pondered Hiram’s question, and several moments passed in silence before he looked at Hiram.

“Yuri’s always been the type to do what she wants. You know her, sir.” He told Hiram earnestly, who nodded slowly. “Authority and rank doesn’t matter to her.” Gale added with a frown. “If it ever comes down to it, Yuri will simply do what she thinks is right, and not what her superiors ask her to do—screw the consequences. And that’s part of the reason why she’s so difficult to predict.” Gale added. “Even I don’t know what she’s thinking at times, and I’ve been her friend for years now.”

But whatever the case, Gale knew that Yuri was generally an excellent judge of character. She just had a way of reading people—reading their body language right down to their micro expressions—being able to tell at one glance just what they’re thinking. It was what made lying to her so difficult, and one of the many reasons as to why she made such a dangerous opponent.

Both Gale and Yuri had been trained personally by Hiram. But only Yuri took to his strategy training like a duck to water, even expanding on it herself. In a short time, she had become a master manipulator, with her plans often containing layers upon layers of calculation, traps and careful planning. Most wouldn’t even realise that they were in her trap until already well caught in it.

Gale sighed. “I should probably get going anyway,” he said at last, “before Yuri ends up killing another person because they annoyed her too much.” He looked at Hiram. “And on that note… Sir, I understand my orders. But what reason do you have for making Yuri continue at the Academy when she doesn’t even need the preliminary training any longer? She’s way above the levels of the other trainees.”

It was true, and everyone in the room knew it.

Yuri and Gale had always been way above the level of their peers —something that had only served to further isolate Yuri from her classmates. Either because they were afraid of her, or because they were jealous of her superior strength and skillset.

Hiram curled his fingers together under his chin before looking at Gale carefully, saying nothing for several long moments.

“The truth is that there are two students that I’m fairly interested in.” Hiram admitted at last, and Gale looked surprised. “Yuri was actually the first to point them out to me, and so I then took the liberty to check out their records for myself.” 

On the couch in a corner, Marcus let out a soft snort. Marcus was likely the one stuck doing the intelligence work for Hiram, since it’d be less suspicious for the interrogator to start digging out files on two candidates for the Child Soldier Program.

Gale frowned. Yuri never mentioned it to him. As a rule, the girl never bothered herself with any of her peers, mainly keeping to herself. If those two have interested Yuri enough for her to bring them to Hiram’s attention, then they must have something that sets them apart from the others.

“What are their names?”

✯✯✯ 

There was a loud thud as a body skidded halfway across the sparring field in the Academy grounds, kicking up a cloud of dust as it did. Half the Academy students stared wide-eyed at the small teen standing in the middle of the field: a girl who was quite possibly the smallest in size out of the entire class, yet also undeniably one of their best.

During the early days—way before Yuri had the reputation that she did now, there were a few idiots who had tried picking on her. Tried, as Yuri had simply been too fast for them to even lay a hand on. Instead, those fools were the ones that had to be sent to the infirmary to be patched up for broken bones.

“How many does this make now?” One boy whispered to his friend, as both watched one of the teaching assistants helped the downed student off the sparring field.

His friend could only sigh as he looked at the top student in their class. “…Honestly, I don’t know why we even bother sparring with Yuri,” he grumbled. “No one can beat her anyway—not even the instructors. The only ones close to her level apart from Gale are just Ethan and Hayden. And even they couldn’t hope to beat her. Do the instructors take some sadistic pleasure in seeing us get the shit beaten out of us by Yuri nearly every single goddamn lesson?”

A few of their classmates who were standing nearby wholeheartedly agreed.

“Who’s up next?” One of the Academy trainees wondered out loud before he almost face palmed when he saw who the next suicidal idiot was. “Oh great Gaia… Hasn’t he learned his lesson yet?” He groaned.

The entire Academy class fell silent as they watched their classmate—a particularly arrogant boy that walks as if the entire world should fall at his feet, stepping onto the sparring field opposite Yuri. 

“I’m going to punch that pretty face of yours in today.” Dan growled, pounding his fists together as an intimidation tactic. Much to his annoyance, the petite girl standing across him only raised an eyebrow in response—almost like he’s some bug at the bottom of her shoe, before both turned towards their instructor to start the spar.

Dan barely waited for the signal from their instructor before he was on the move, dashing towards Yuri who still had both her hands stuffed into the pockets of her pants—she hadn’t removed them even once from her pockets despite the number of students that had already fallen at her feet. 

Dan swung his fist towards Yuri’s face, who dodged it easily, not even looking concerned. Again and again, he tried, but with the same result as every ‘spar’ that he’d had with this girl. She was simply too fast; his attacks simply never connected. Gale had said it once before: “It doesn’t matter how hard you can hit or even how much power you have. If your attacks can’t connect, it’s useless.”

“It’s enough, right?” Yuri asked, almost tiredly. “No matter how many times you try, you won’t beat me. And I’ve had enough of putting people in the infirmary today.”

“Damn it!” Dan cussed. “I trained my ass off for a year! I’m older and bigger than you! So why can’t I beat you?” He roared, spittle flying from his mouth. “You’re just like them! You’re just a monster like the rest of them!”

The air went frigid immediately.

The remaining class members exchanged horrified looks.

Uh oh.

Yuri caught hold of Dan’s fist instead as it came towards her face once more, her head bowed, with her face shadowed by her bangs. She tightened her grip on Dan’s fist, and the older boy winced as he felt his bones beginning to crack beneath her strong grip. 

“…Monster, you say?” Yuri’s voice was almost like Arctic snow, and even the instructors present couldn’t find it in themselves to move to stop the ‘sparring match’. It is almost like watching an ongoing car wreck. You know what is going to happen, but you simply couldn’t find it in yourself to stop it. 

Yuri then moved her right leg under Dan, tripping him up and causing the older boy to fall flat on his back with a thud. Before he could move, Yuri already had one foot planted on his chest. Dan’s voice stuck in his throat as he met cold silvery-blue eyes.

…Show no mercy, Yuri. Your enemies wouldn’t do the same thing.

“…But if we are monsters, then what are you?” Yuri questioned coldly as she reached for her dagger pouch—

—only to be stopped by a hand that caught her wrist.

Yuri turned to see a solemn Gale standing beside her. “Enough, Yuri,” he said firmly in a voice that brooked no arguments. “It’s not worth it to dirty your hands with his blood.” He tightened his grip around Yuri’s wrist, but not enough to hurt her as his gray eyes flashed warningly. “Stand down.”

For a long moment, the two best friends stared at each other without saying anything. Finally, Yuri removed her foot from atop Dan’s chest, and Gale released his hold on Yuri’s wrist at the same time.

The instructors and trainees let out a sigh of relief. Several of the Academy trainees parted for Yuri as she walked towards the Academy building without looking back.

Gale turned cold gray eyes onto Dan, who struggled to get to his feet. Without a word, he swept his right leg beneath Dan’s legs. Once more, the older boy fell flat onto the ground on his back.

“What is that—” Dan’s curse fell flat as Gale knelt down and grabbed him by the front of his shirt.

“Leave Yuri the fuck alone or you’ll be sorry.” Gale said coldly. “I have no idea whether you were born an idiot, or if you’re just plain suicidal. But you know Yuri and what she can do, so you should also know who trained her. My advice to you: don’t piss her off if you value your life. It might just be the last thing you’d ever do.”

With his piece said, Gale released his hold on Dan, who collapsed like a puppet with his strings cut. He then turned and traced his best friend’s steps back into the Academy building, leaving a shocked silence in his wake.

✯✯✯ 

Gale quickly found Yuri at the Academy’s mess hall already having her meal. Like most of Dominion’s members, Gale included, Yuri didn’t eat anything that she hasn’t prepared herself. It is entirely too easy for someone to slip some poison into her meals otherwise.

After all, even amongst the militia of Adaytren, they have no comrades that they can call their own.

“At least you didn’t kill the guy,” was all that Gale said as he took a seat opposite Yuri. Both of them ignored the wide berth around their table—almost as if the two were unapproachable or had some deadly disease. And honestly, Gale was almost tired of it. “That’s an improvement at least.” He placed his own packed lunch onto the table and started digging in it. “The Commander informed me of that we might have a new member joining us pretty soon—someone directly in the Effendi’s pocket.” He glanced at Yuri, who looked interested with what Gale has to say. “Just don’t kill the guy when he gets here.” He warned.

Yuri fell silent for several moments. “…Is it Ezekiel?” she asked suddenly, surprising Gale. “Too much of a coincidence how we’re suddenly receiving a new member at the same time when Ezekiel is to be transferred out of the Science and Research Department.”

Gale shook his head at Yuri’s deduction. “…I really need to learn the secret of how you seem to know everything. That ability should be borderline illegal,” he grumbled, and Yuri gave a small, amused smile.

That smile slid off her face immediately as she looked over Gale’s shoulder. Curious, the older boy followed Yuri’s line of sight only to see two of their classmates standing behind him, nodding to them both politely.

Gale knew them by name and reputation. 

Ethan Blake and Hayden Ashford. 

If Yuri and Gale hadn’t been in the Academy class, the two top students of the year would have been Ethan and Hayden instead. And Yuri seemed to have some respect and liking for them, unlike her attitude towards the rest of their peers. 

“Hello. Mind if we take a seat?” Ethan asked politely.

Gale’s eyebrows shot up almost to his hairline. “There are other seats around,” he stated bluntly, gesturing with his fork at the numerous empty seats around the mess hall—with all four ignoring the fact that nearly every single person was staring at them—even the lunch lady. “You’ll get hated too if you hang around us.” He added, and both Hayden and Ethan took it as a sign to place their trays onto the table. The three boys ignored the blank stare on Yuri’s face—Gale knew Yuri well enough to know that that expression on his partner’s face was equivalent to a glare on anyone else’s.

“Not like I particularly care what they think of me.” Hayden scoffed. “The whole lot of them are idiots if you ask me. Fools, even.” Even Ethan, Hayden’s best friend was startled at the venom underlying the words of the usually easy-going boy. “What does it matter what we do in order to get the job done? We aren’t the glorified knights of old. Honour and things like that don’t matter to us in the least. In a few years—assuming that they survive, that is—they’re going to be ‘killers’ too. We receive the order, we kill. It’s as simple as that. That what it means to be part of Adaytren’s Guard.”

Hayden shrugged unapologetically as he stabbed his fork into his potatoes and started to shove the food into his mouth at a steady pace, uncaring of the fact that Ethan, Yuri and Gale were staring at him as if seeing him for the first time. Hayden gave no sign that he’d just stated his own very blunt and frank opinions of their future career.

Gale found a small smile starting to spread across his lips. He started to understand now why those two were the only ones that Yuri could stand to be around for long, or why she had taken such an interest in them.

“You definitely don’t hold back your opinion at all, Hayden.” Ethan chuckled. “But I agree.”

“…You aren’t afraid of me?” Yuri spoke up suddenly, so softly that the three boys almost didn’t hear her words. Startled, Ethan and Hayden turned towards the only girl amongst them only to see an unreadable expression on her face. “You aren’t scared?”

Gale could almost hear the words that Yuri didn’t state out loud. You don’t hate me? You don’t fear me for being part of the group that make up Adaytren’s best killers?

Before Gale and Yuri were recruited to be part of Dominion, their peers had never showed them fear or hatred. But the moment the two were handpicked, with Yuri being taken beneath Hiram’s wing to be his apprentice, the attitudes of all those around them changed immediately.

Ethan raised a brow. “Should we?” he enquired. “Honestly, Yuri, what is there to fear? Soldier, killer or civilian. Noble or commoner. Royalty or street rat. It matters not, does it? Because in the end, when we’re dead, we’re all just corpses.”

There was silence for a long while as everyone stared at Ethan.

“Couldn’t have put it better myself.” Gale smiled. “I see why you’re both the only ones that Yuri could even remotely stand.”

Hayden was about to open his mouth when he spied a student from one of the lower classes approaching them, an apprehensive look visible on his face as he glanced at Yuri and Gale. His gaze then went towards Hayden and Ethan.

“Hayden Ashford and Ethan Blake?” The student asked, keeping a wary eye on Gale and Yuri who merely ignored him and continued eating their lunch—acting for all in the world like the student didn’t even exist. “You got a summons from the headmaster. You’re to go to him immediately.”

With his message delivered, the student fled from the table, looking as if he couldn’t wait to get as far away as humanely possible.

“I wonder what that’s about?” Hayden frowned, staring at the fleeing student curiously. “Not the student, I mean. The summons.” He added. “And before you say anything, Ethan, I didn’t do anything!” He added, turning his attention towards his best friend, currently staring at him with a raised brow.

“I didn’t even say anything.” Ethan deadpanned, annoyed. “But whatever. Let’s go. It’s best not to keep the headmaster waiting.”

“Well… I guess we’ll see you both around?” Hayden questioned apprehensively as he looked at Yuri and Gale. After all, Yuri and Gale were never around during most of their classes. 

Gale gave a small smile. “…I guess so,” he said at last. He waited until the two were out of earshot before glancing at Yuri. “Hiram sure moves fast. I swear that it was only this morning that he was talking of taking in the two new recruits that you’ve recommended.”

Yuri shrugged, not even bothering to grace that comment with a response. Privately however, she knew that Hiram wanted both herself and Gale out of the Academy as soon as possible. 

Thus, she wasn’t really that surprised that Hiram had acted so fast—it was just the chance that he needed to get both Yuri and Gale out of the Academy and away from the Effendi.

“…Shall we go?” Yuri asked at last, having finished the last of her meal and wiping at her lips daintily with a napkin.

Gale nodded. “…Yeah.”

✯✯✯ 

“Huh?”

Hayden was pretty certain that he was hearing things as both he and Ethan stood in front of the Academy headmaster and listened to what he had to tell them. After all, there was no possible way that the Dominion commander wanted he and Ethan both as potential new recruits.

In fact, when Hiram Georges had sent one of his men to inform the headmaster about the decision, bearing the official letters of withdrawal from the Academy’s training program as well as official documents stating that they would be under the care and rules of Dominion from that point onwards, he was shocked.

After all, Hiram Georges was well known for being awfully picky when it came to soldiers for his squadron. 

And from the word within the grapevine, the headmaster knew that the Effendi was far from pleased when he’d received word about Dominion’s newest recruits. But by then, not even he could do anything, as only mad men and fools went against Hiram Georges. Although privately, the headmaster wondered if Hiram had a death wish for going against the Effendi.

The headmaster was, however, puzzled when the Dominion commander had opted to allow those two new soldiers of his to remain in the Academy, even after their enlistment into Dominion was finalised. They basically no longer attended most of the lessons anymore, and they would often be pulled away from the Academy for missions.

“I believe that you both heard me quite well the first time around.” The headmaster answered. “And seeing as you’re both still too young to be suffering from deafness by ageing, I have no wish to repeat myself a second time.” He added sarcastically.

Ethan and Hayden exchanged looks. Was this why Gale and Yuri were looking at them strangely earlier? They know about this?

“Why us though?” Hayden wondered. 

The headmaster said nothing, but just shuffled the papers in front of him together. He still couldn’t figure out how Dominion did their recruitment process. Unlike the head of the Effendi’s Guard, Hiram Georges didn’t base his recruitment criteria solely on physical strength. Rather, he looked more for emotional strength—how well their minds could hold up with the sensitivity of Dominion’s missions.

Genocide. Assassination. Kidnapping. Execution. Torture. Interrogation. Misdirection.

They were the best of the best—Adaytren’s top killers. The Enforcers. Whatever the commander ordered, they would do it. Because in the end, the Enforcers of Dominion would do what they had to do all in the name of protecting the very nation of Adaytren. 

It was also the reason why Dominion had the highest death toll rate—especially amongst their regular militia.

As a result, not many could handle the emotional trauma that the missions often inflicted.

There was a sudden knock on the mahogany door of the headmaster’s office before it swung open, and Gale and Yuri stepped in, both dressed in their dark mission clothes.

“We don’t question the commander’s decisions.” Gale answered Hayden, with a black file visible in his right hand. Next to him, Yuri said nothing, showing nothing on her face as well. “What he decides and what he orders, we do. It’s that simple.”

The headmaster got up from behind his desk, nodding to the two pre-teens. “Commander Georges has told me about it. The official documents for their transfers have been finalised, and they’ll thus be no longer considered eligible for the Child Soldier Program.” 

Gale nodded. “These are the documents,” he responded, handing the file to the headmaster. “Additionally, the withdrawals from the Academy for both myself and Yuri have been finalised as well.”

The headmaster nodded, not really all that surprised that with Hayden Ashford and Ethan Blake’s transfers to Dominion, both Yuri and Gale would be gone from the Academy as well. He had always suspected that the two were still in the Academy under Hiram’s orders for certain reasons.

So it had been for recruitment. That explained it. 

After all, using Yuri and Gale as assessors to determine which of the trainees were eligible as potential Dominion’s recruits would be better than having someone like the commander himself or even Marcus to do it—attracted less attention.

Yuri then turned her attention towards Hayden and Ethan, who both still looked shell-shocked. “We’re going to head with you back to your dormitories. Pack up all your stuff. You’re going to be moved into Dominion headquarters from henceforth.”

✯✯✯ 

Ethan was still convinced that he was dreaming nearly two hours later while standing in one of Dominion’s training rooms after having moved all his stuff into his own room in Dominion headquarters. 

Gale had even given both Hayden and Ethan the grand tour of the headquarters—not that there was much, since the squadron members were usually out on some mission. There wasn’t much time to need anything more than the basics.

Enforcers each got their own rooms on the fourth level. As Ethan and Hayden weren’t yet considered full members, they would be sharing a room together on the training level—where the training rooms, the stimulation room and the gym were located. Basement level housed the armoury. Second and third levels were restricted access. Top level was where the commander’s office was located.

“I still don’t get it.” Hayden deadpanned as they stood barefoot in a training room in black training tees and slacks, staring at Yuri and Gale who were dressed the same way.

Gale raised a brow. “Did I not explain anything well enough?” he enquired.

“Not that.” Ethan shook his head. “It’s just…” He struggled with his words. “Why us? We’re still Academy students. There should be loads of others more competent and more powerful than us.”

Gale and Yuri exchanged knowing looks. A ghost of a smile actually appeared on Yuri’s face momentarily. 

The two best friends had already anticipated this question coming from either Ethan or Hayden the moment that Hiram had approved and finalised everything needed to enlist the two as Dominion trainees—with Yuri and Gale as their trainers. After all, Gale and Yuri had actually asked Hiram the same question once, when they were standing in Ethan and Hayden’s positions themselves just a couple of years ago.

Yuri chuckled to herself and Ethan and Hayden both looked surprised—it was the first time they had seen Yuri even smiling. The two boys had started to think that Yuri had forgotten how to smile.

“We asked the commander the same question once when he first recruited us.” Yuri said at last. “He later told us that his recruitment criterion is vastly different from the other divisions. He does not look at strength or ability when he selects his people, though the members of Dominion at least need to be competent enough in combat. The main criterion that the commander based his selection upon is mental strength. He’s more interested in how well you can hold up when you are ordered to kill someone. How long can your mind hold under torture? And whether you will follow orders and authority like a sheep or whether you have your own mind and choices.”

“We’re the best of the best.” Gale took over from Yuri. “The cream of the crop. The missions that we undertake are the toughest. Those with weak willpower can crack easily under the pressure. That is the reason why there are so few Enforcers.”

“In other words, you have to be prepared to do anything—all in the name of Adaytren.” Yuri added. “No matter what the order is. I’ve taken on missions that required me to wipe out an entire town. Or to kill a child and their mother just because they happen to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, or because they’ve witnessed something that they shouldn’t.” Hayden and Ethan stared at Yuri, shocked. It’s not what she had done in the past. It’s more how she’d phrased it—with no emotion in her voice, almost like just giving a report. “No matter what the order is, we carry it out as long as it’s an order from the commander of Dominion. That’s what we do.”

Hayden opened and closed his mouth for several moments before he found his voice. He understood now why Yuri and Gale always seemed so subdued and in a bad mood whenever they returned to the Academy after a few days of absence, always carrying with them a strong stench of blood. 

“Why not Dan though? He’s pretty skilled.” Hayden asked at last.

Yuri stared at Hayden, a look of confusion on her face. “Who in the world is Dan?” she asked.

Hayden and Ethan exchanged bemused looks. 

Gale coughed into his hand. “Yuri, that’s the guy you almost killed earlier,” he answered, almost amused that Yuri doesn’t even remember the name of the guy that she’d almost snapped the neck of. Was the guy that insignificant to her? Although honestly, Gale already knew the answer to that question.

“Oh. Him.” Yuri deadpanned as she finally put a face to the name. “He wouldn’t even survive a day in Dominion.” She added bluntly as an afterthought. 

“Are you sure you’re not just saying that because you don’t get along with him?” Ethan asked, amused. Inwardly, he knew better than to piss off Yuri—but he couldn’t resist, wanting to get a reaction out of the normally expressionless pre-teen.

“No.” Yuri’s voice was tight, and she shot Ethan an annoyed look. “I have no idea what you’ve heard about me—and honestly, I couldn’t care less. When you’re as drenched in blood as the Enforcers are, you learn to stop caring what others think of you. Whether it be Dominion or the Effendi’s Guard, it doesn’t change anything. We deal with the same line of business—we kill. It’s just that Dominion deals with things quite differently. Everyone is just waiting for death, if you stop to think about it. Some just have longer to wait than others.” She muttered.

Gale looked at Yuri without saying anything to her. He might not know all the details, but he knew a little about Yuri’s past. “Just a word of warning to you both,” he said, turning towards Hayden and Ethan. “Even within Dominion, you’ll do well not to trust anyone. It is a never ending cycle. If you trust people too much, you get hurt.” He murmured. “To be human is to be a monster, and the act of being a monster makes you truly human. You should remember that.” He added, much to Hayden and Ethan’s confusion and semi-exasperation. Did these Dominion guys do nothing but speak in riddles?

“I don’t get it.” Hayden complained.

“You’ll soon ‘get it’.” Yuri sighed. “And trust me, you’ll learn the truth behind Dominion. You never know how strong you are, until being strong is the only choice you have left.” She shook her head slowly. “There’s only one Hell, after all.” She looked Hayden and Ethan in the eye. “And it is the one we live in now.”







6

YURI, THE PRESENT


Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power. - Abraham Lincoln

✯✯✯ 

Pitter Patter Pitter Patter.

Yuri sat on the edge of the desk in her room at Cat’s Eye, watching the raindrops falling outside her window. It was almost hypnotising—enough to lull one to sleep if they watched it long enough.

Finally, Yuri tore her eyes away from the raindrops pattering against the window panes. She pulled out the top drawer of her desk and reached deep within its confines until she touched the object with her fingertips. Yuri drew the object out—an old surveillance photo.

It showed several small children huddled on the ground of a padded room they were in—all of them dressed in the same white, frock-like gowns, with the same black identification collars around their necks.

Yuri stared at three of the children for a long time—two boys and one girl. They seemed like friends, and still seemed to have some semblance of happiness visible on their faces. Faint traces of writing were still legible at the bottom of the photograph, though it is almost completely faded by now: Yuri, Gale and Mikhail.

A muscle in Yuri’s cheek twitched.

“…Hey, do you think we can ever get out of here?”

A gentle smile. Warm golden eyes. “Let’s make a promise. Let’s meet up again once we’ve passed through the basics of the Specialised Program.”

“…We’re friends, aren’t we…?”

“…Yeah, it’s a promise. Let’s meet up again.”

“You promise, right, Mikhail?”

“Of course.”

“…It’s a promise…”

Yuri sighed before shoving the photo back into her drawer and slamming it shut. She leaned her forehead against the cool glass of the window from where she is still seated atop the desk.

“…You damn liar… Both of you.” Yuri whispered. “…Mikhail… Gale…”

There was a sharp knock on the door and Yuri turned to see Ethan stepping in, one hand still on the doorknob. The dark-haired young man raised an eyebrow when he saw Yuri sitting on the edge of her desk, and shook his head. “Watching the rain again, Yuri?” he enquired, although he already knew the answer. “Karen’s back.” He added, jerking one thumb over his shoulder. “She’s got the info that you want.”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri, Ethan and Hayden headed down to the Cat’s Eye café ground floor to find Karen sitting at the counter, drying her hair with a large fluffy towel that Leticia had handed her before retreating to her room—knowing that the upcoming conversation was something that she’d be better off not hearing. A dripping wet raincoat was hung over the back of a chair near the door, creating a puddle on the ground beneath it.

“How is it, Karen?” Yuri asked the moment she saw the redhead.

“You guessed right.” Karen said grimly, eyes roving from Yuri to Hayden to Ethan, and then back again. “I found it odd that Diadalos Marshall knew who Lesley was, and targeted him. The Undertakers aren’t the only ones working against the Guard and the Effendi.” Karen paused to let her words sink in. “Also, the Undertakers are damn paranoid—Alec especially. There’s no way that they would make a mistake in their work; they always cover their tracks.” Karen added. “Besides, if it’s one thing they’re good at, it’s hiding and misdirection.” Karen pointed out. “Alec and his group are always misleading the Effendi and his Guard to your whereabouts after all.”

Frowning, Hayden looked from Yuri to Karen, not understanding the conversation. And to begin with, for Yuri to ask Karen to do something for her was rare enough. She generally preferred doing things on her own.

“Is this about Lesley and the Undertakers?” Ethan asked, obviously thinking along the same lines as Hayden. 

Yuri nodded. “I found it strange from the start that Lesley and the Undertakers were busted so easily,” she explained. Much like Ethan, Hayden and Karen, Yuri had complete faith in Alec and the Undertakers. They wouldn’t have survived as long as they had if they weren’t skilled. “If the Effendi and any of his men have their sights set on them, there’s no way that we or the underground wouldn’t hear of it. That’s why I suspected that there might be more than just Diadalos Marshall involved.” Yuri explained.

“That’s why you asked Karen.” Ethan concluded. Just like the three of them, Karen had received her training amongst the people within the Effendi’s Guard and Dominion. Karen nodded in response to Ethan’s comment. “What did you find out?”

“The Red Scorpions.” Karen said, looking from one to the other. “Have you heard of them?”

“Yeah, we have.” Yuri exchanged looks with her two best friends. “They were pretty active as a mercenary group back when we were still with Dominion.”

“Gave us some problems too, I recall.” Ethan grunted, remembering one of his missions, where he’d had an unfortunate run-in with one of their members. “But they’re good. Skilled, too. Amongst all the guerrilla groups out there, they’re some of the best.” He admitted.

Hayden frowned. “What’s this about, Karen?” he enquired. “What have the Red Scorpions got to do with anything?”

Karen looked nervously at the trio before steeling herself for the outburst that she knew was soon to come. “I had my suspicions in the beginning, but… It’s the Red Scorpions that sold out Alec and the Undertakers to the Guard and the Effendi. That’s the reason why Lesley was overwhelmed and captured so easily.”

If there was anything that could render Yuri speechless, that was it. For several long moments, Yuri, Ethan and Hayden stared at Karen without saying anything as their brains tried to comprehend what Karen had just told them.

“That doesn’t make sense!” Hayden was the first to find his tongue. “The Red Scorpions wouldn’t do such a thing!”

Being mercenaries themselves ever since leaving the Royal City and Dominion, Yuri, Ethan and Hayden were pretty well acquainted with various guerrilla groups and even mercenaries by now. The Red Scorpions had been one of the few guerrilla groups that the trio had taken a liking to; as their boss had been honourable and had disliked the way the Effendi had done things. Sure, they’d fought the Red Scorpions back when they were still with Dominion, but if there was one thing that both Dominion and the Red Scorpions respected, it was strength, and both sides had that in spades.

Yuri wouldn’t exactly call them friends with the boss of the Red Scorpions. More like friendly acquaintances. He was a man of honour and skill—something that Yuri had respected.

But as the head of a guerrilla group, he’d have to do things that would best protect his men and their livelihood. In a way, the countless conflicts within Adaytren for the past decade or so had been the livelihood of the various guerrilla groups still operating within the country.

“Actually, I heard there was a coup d’état within that group several months ago.” Yuri spoke up, her face serious as she recalled the rumour. “The previous boss was killed, from what I know. Stabbed in the back by his second-in-command. Several Red Scorpion members loyal to the previous boss died during the coup as well. A new leader would explain the sudden change in their modus operandi.”

Hayden paled at the implications of it.

“That’s not all.” Karen said, turning towards Yuri. “You know that Legion agent that was rescued alongside Lesley?”

Yuri nodded. “Have you found anything about his capture?” Yuri asked, knowing quite well that Karen had, judging by the look on her face.

Karen nodded grimly. “You are, of course, aware that the Legion often use mercenaries for certain missions in order to preserve their own forces,” she said, and the trio nodded, understanding the Legion’s reasons for it. But even though they understood, they still weren’t happy. “The Legion agent that was captured was doing an espionage mission when it happened. He was sold out by one of the underground informants that the Legion utilises from time to time.”

“Let me guess. The Red Scorpions?” Ethan interrupted, and Karen nodded grimly. “Damn.”

Hayden had one raised brow as he listened and only had one thing to say. “Is there something in the water that they drink?” he wondered. “Do they honestly believe that they can escape from the Legion and the Undertakers for pulling something like that? The Legion, maybe. When it comes down to it, save for maybe a few, they’re utterly incompetent fools. But Alec and the Undertakers… Only a fool would piss them off, and the entire underground knows that. Alec had a hard reputation for ruthlessness ever since he established the Undertakers.”

“Who knows?” Karen sighed. “Apparently, the entire thing was sanctioned in order to get ‘benefits’ from the Effendi.” She added, and Hayden’s eyelid twitched. If Karen was actually telling them that one of their friends had almost died because some fool was greedy to win the Effendi’s favour…

Yuri frowned. She’d thought as much. “What benefits? Is it power, money or territory?” she asked, ticking the points off on her fingers, it had to be one of those things – a guerrilla group wouldn’t need anything else.

“All three.” Karen responded, and the trio stared at her. “Apparently, what remained of the Red Scorpions after the coup has been engaged permanently as guards of the Volans prison facility.”

“People have been going missing from the towns and villages near that particular prison facility lately. If memory serves me right, it’s near the country’s eastern borders.” Ethan said warily.

“That’s one of the facilities under Ezekiel’s command, right?” Hayden frowned.

Yuri and Ethan exchanged grim looks. The words Ezekiel and command in the same sentence generally boded bad news. And if people were involved too, then Yuri had a pretty good idea of what she’d find in that particular prison facility.

Hayden rubbed the bridge of his nose, feeling a headache. “…Alec can’t know about this,” he concluded grimly. “Not until we’ve settled this ourselves, at least. He’ll hit the roof if he ever learned about it.”

Yuri gave him a look. “…Why do you think I asked Karen to investigate and not Alec?” she said slowly as if speaking to a particularly demented child.

Ethan frowned, looking out of the café’s window only to see that the rain seemed to be getting heavier. The rain was probably good news for the farmers in the rural provinces, at least. Even if the daily deluge had become tiresome to the trio.

“What are we going to do, Yuri?” Ethan asked, turning towards Yuri. “We can’t leave this alone. And knowing Alec, he’s probably launched an investigation into Lesley’s capture and torture. It will only be a matter of time before he finds out.”

Yuri was silent for several moments.

“…You know what we have to do. What the rules say has to happen to any group that sells out another member of the underground.” Yuri said at last, looking from face to face. “If we don’t do it, the others in the underground will. You know that. At least we know that we’re more than a match for the Red Scorpions. The last thing that we need is an underground war. Things are already bleak enough as it is.”

Karen sighed. “I was afraid you were going to say that,” she said. “But well… At least I know that, Red Scorpions or not, there’s no way they’re going to be able to handle three former Dominion Enforcers at the same time. I hope that the three of you haven’t lost your touch.” Karen smirked.

Karen almost pitied the remnants of the Red Scorpions. Almost. Because even as unscrupulous as they were, she wouldn’t want to be in their boots once Yuri, Ethan and Hayden actually caught them.

Three identical smirks appeared on the faces of the trio in front of her.

✯✯✯ 

The young man leaned his back against the wall, sitting atop the bed in the small cell. He’d lost count of the years that had passed since he’d first been imprisoned here. And while it might seem strange for a prisoner to be thankful to his captors, he is.

He stared up at the small skylight above him, seeing that it was late afternoon—probably just a little before sundown. He would come soon. He always did, like clockwork three times a day.

The prisoner moved his hands, glancing down at the silver shackles around his wrists and ankles. The long chains, attaching his shackles to the wall behind him, were at least long enough for him to walk to the toilet in the corner of his cell. He even had a small collection of books on the table next to him that his captors had brought for him.

The shackles around his wrists rattled as he reached up and pushed his untidy dark hair out of his eyes. He knew that if he ever glanced in a mirror, he’d find himself looking so much like that man that he had detested with every fibre of his being. 

It was why he’d wound up here in the first place.

His ears picked up a light hissing sound as the door beyond the entrance opened, and he looked up just in time only to see the door to his cell swing open with a light click, and a young man in his early twenties walked in, carrying a tray filled with food. The prisoner noted the usual high-collared black shirt with gray cargo pants and black combat boots. The plain black choker around his neck was also a usual sight. A gun holster was visible by his side, with a long sword at his hip.

Gale cracked a small smile at the prisoner currently within the secret cell that only he and Dominion’s commander knew about. Not even Marcus knew about this place and the prisoner, and both Gale and the commander intended to keep it that way.

“…Hey Soma,” he greeted, placing down the tray of food onto the table, taking care to avoid the pile of books. “It’s dinner time.”

Soma nodded silently as he waited for Gale to unlock the shackles around his wrists, only leaving the shackles around his ankles on. It happened like clockwork every time Gale walked in with his meals. It allowed him to eat comfortably, but also prevented him from running away. Though not that Soma thinks that he could overpower a Dominion Enforcer. And he knew without a doubt that Gale was far stronger than him.

And like clockwork each day, Gale dropped himself down into the chair, watching Soma eat without saying anything. After about six months of the silent treatment when Soma was first arrested, the two young men had started conversing whenever Gale came to bring Soma his meals. Soma somehow felt that Gale liked those conversations too, as he tended to stay a little longer with each passing day. 

And each time, Gale regained a little more life in his gray eyes. His eyes had been…so dead when Soma had first met him.

“I know that I’ve said this before, but you’re a really strange one, Gale.” Soma said, finishing his meal and pushing the food tray away from him. He waited patiently as Gale placed the shackles back around his wrists. “Even before I ended up here, I’d heard stories about the Enforcers, and how cruel they could be. Of course, every side has their own story. But still, the things that you’ve done didn’t really help your reputation.”

Gale said nothing for several moments. “It doesn’t matter, does it?” he said. 

He sounded so…tired. 

And not the pulled-an-all-nighter kind of tired, but more of the lie-down-and-not-wake-up-again kind of tired—something that Soma was all too familiar with. 

“It does to me.” Soma said. “Your actions don’t match up with what I know of you. Why are you in Dominion to begin with? If you’re truly as evil as everyone had portrayed you as, you wouldn’t have spared my life to begin with. I’m still alive because of you. Help me to understand, Gale.”

Gale said nothing for several moments. “…I never really had a choice,” he said at last. “Between Dominion and serving in the Effendi’s Guard, I picked Dominion. It’s the lesser of two evils.” Soma could definitely agree with Gale. “As for why I spared you back then and why I protected you for all these years…” Gale trailed off before looking at Soma, a sad smile tugging at the corners of his lips. “Just… You remind me of someone, that’s all.” He admitted.

“Your lover?”

Gale laughed tiredly and bitterly. “…I wish,” he murmured, much to Soma’s confusion. “No.” He shook his head, running a hand through his dark locks. “It’s just…” He struggled with his words. “…In the end, I couldn’t help her. I…couldn’t protect her.” He admitted bitterly. “With all my promises to her back then, I couldn’t back a single one of them up. That’s why… The least that I can do for you is to make sure that Ezekiel doesn’t get his hands on you.” Gale looked at Soma. “Trust me on this. Death is a better option compared to what he would do to you.”

“You don’t seem fond of him.” Soma noted dryly. The undertone of hatred lacing Gale’s words came as no surprise – he knew Ezekiel was the reason he was being kept in this cell.

Gale shrugged. “Just because we work in the same unit doesn’t mean that I have to trust him or like him,” he said. “Call me selfish if you want, but in a way, what I’m doing for you now is to atone for my past mistakes.” He admitted. “The worst thing that can happen is when you make a mistake, but you refuse to admit to it.”

Silence fell between the two males for several moments.

“…I wonder, if this is ‘reality’ as we know it, then what is ‘illusion’ to us?” Soma murmured, meeting Gale’s gray eyes with his own crimson red ones. “It really depends on our perception of that word, right? Reality only continues being real as long as people believe in it. When they no longer do, it is an easy matter to give them a new reality to cling onto. That is the nature of most humans after all.”

Gale’s lips twitched, recalling a past memory of someone who had said something similar to him once during that mission in the pouring rain so long ago. “…I heard something similar before,” he admitted, curling his fingers together. “A long time ago, someone once told me that the strongest weapon one can have is the will to believe in oneself.”

“That’s a wise quote.”

Gale nodded, a small smile tugging at the ends of his lips as the memory of midnight black hair and silvery blue eyes filled his head. “Yeah,” he admitted. “She had always been stronger than me. Not just in skill. But in heart. I only wish…that I had her strength.” He admitted. He gave a wry smile. “…She’s also always been the type to do what she wants, and do what she thinks is right—screw the consequences.”

Yuri had always been headstrong like that. Nothing can ever change that part of her character. And honestly, Gale wouldn’t want it to either way. It had always been part of Yuri—part of what defines her.

“That’s an unusual trait for someone on the Effendi’s side.”

Gale laughed. “Isn’t it?” he agreed, and Soma looked at him with surprise, as Gale sounded more alive in all the time than he had ever known him at that very moment. “It’s almost a wonder that she hadn’t gotten herself killed with that attitude when she was still with Dominion. But well… Because of what she can do and who she is, Yuri tends to get away with a lot of things.” He added wryly. It isn’t as good as it sounded however, as when you get the attention of the Effendi on you, it generally bodes bad news. “I wonder… If I’d just gone with her back then, would things have been different?” He murmured absently.

“…Yuri…” Soma tested the name on his tongue, looking at Gale. “Is that her name?”

From the expression on Gale’s voice, and even how light he sounds when he spoke of this mystery girl, Soma had to be an idiot not to both hear and see the affection that Gale had for this unknown girl.

“Yeah.” Gale nodded, getting to his feet and leaning against the wall, arms crossed over his chest. He said nothing for several moments, just staring at the wall opposite him as if seeing something fascinating there. “…She’s really strange too, ever since we’re kids. We grew up together—Yuri and myself, along with one other.” Gale’s face fell. “We both joined Dominion at around the same time too. As a result, we don’t have many whom we could trust or even call friends. People don’t like Yuri because of her skill and even how good she is. Same goes for me too. That’s why when Hayden and Ethan joined Dominion, I was glad in a way that they don’t abhor Yuri the same way that everyone does. They helped Yuri to find herself again. In a way, it is why she could even find the strength to defy the Effendi and leave the way she did.”

Soma didn’t know what to say for several moments. “…I would like to meet her one day,” he said at last, and Gale cracked a small smile at this. “But it seems that a lot of my conversations with you involves her.”

Gale said nothing. “I guess,” he said at last. “I’ve done lots of things over the past several years since I became an Enforcer of Dominion. Things that I regretted doing. And things that I don’t regret in the least. But if it’s one thing I regret, it is not going with her. But then again, if I had gone with Yuri, I would probably never have met you, and you would probably have wound up dead that day when you’d tried and failed to assassinate the Effendi.”

Gale didn’t remember how long it had been since he’d first met Soma. It was barely a year or so after Yuri, Hayden and Ethan had left, he remembered. Soma had done the impossible—by penetrating the Effendi’s heavily reinforced guards. Soma had actually come the closest to ending the Effendi’s life. In fact, Soma would probably have succeeded that night if Gale hadn’t been on guard duty. 

Soma was extremely skilled, Gale had admitted to himself. He definitely couldn’t recall anyone else, apart from his fellow Enforcers (save for Ezekiel) who could actually force him to be on the defensive, and to go all out from the start, like Soma did.

Their fight had actually ended up demolishing half the Effendi’s bedroom before Gale had managed to subdue Soma.

After that, Gale was startled to learn from Hiram that Soma had actually been the Effendi’s illegitimate son. He’d had his suspicions as he’d barely managed to restrain Soma without killing him that night, as the young man looked almost like a carbon copy of the Effendi—from the black hair to the red eyes—despite the lower face mask that he had been wearing at the time. 

Later, when Soma was placed in the cells in the dungeon, Gale was pretty sure that Soma must have turned down every single one of the Effendi’s ‘offers’—as Gale had learned by now that Soma truly detested the man that had sired him with every fibre of his being — and the Effendi must have felt offended and had later turned Soma over to Ezekiel.

Gale was beyond horrified when Hiram had informed him of Soma’s fate, as he wouldn’t even wish his worst enemy to suffer under Ezekiel’s hands. 

So Gale had set off on an unofficial mission for Hiram to save Soma, and had brought him to the cell within the Sina facility—the facility under Hiram’s direct command. And that was where Soma had stayed ever since. Gale was fairly certain that Soma would try another attempt at an assassination on the Effendi if they release him. And this time, if he got caught, his father wouldn’t spare him again.

“I don’t regret it.” Soma said immediately, his words almost coming out as a snarl. He took a moment to collect his thoughts. “Maybe it’s because I’ve been involved with the underground scene for a long time—even before I was arrested. But I tended to see the darker side of the underground.” He closed his eyes briefly. “I made my decision years ago—I do not regret it.” Gale could almost hear Yuri repeating the same words. “I’ve walked the path of death, and I know what it cost me. Didn’t you do the same thing too, Gale?”

Gale was silent for several moments. Soma really reminded him a lot of Yuri. Yuri had once told him the same thing, too—just before she had left the Royal City and Dominion with Ethan and Hayden. And he knew that Yuri rarely regretted any decision that she had made.

“…Yeah. I guess so.” Gale said slowly. “Yuri, Ethan, Hayden and myself… Each of us made our choice years ago. We knew the consequences behind our actions, and what it would cost us. I don’t regret my decision. But…” Gale looked at Soma. “Maybe… I just wanted to believe…” He murmured. “I just wanted to believe…that I could still be saved.”

✯✯✯ 

“Volans?” Joshua Lestat echoed once Liam Michaelis had finished speaking. Both young men were holed up in the latter’s office, where Liam worked through a stack of paperwork as they spoke. “Is it because of the recent rumours about the kidnappings?”

Liam nodded grimly, looking through the paper in front of him before signing it. “I was going to send someone to investigate, but Chris volunteered himself the moment he heard about it. Since it’s an infiltration mission, he’s perfect for the job.”

“Liam, it’s too dangerous to send him alone!” Joshua argued. While the danger level wouldn’t be as great as Caelum or Sina, the Volans facility was still pretty dangerous.

“Don’t you think I know that?” Liam snapped irritably, the dark bags visible beneath his eyes telling a tale of sleepless nights. He pointed his pen at Joshua in the same way that he always handled his knives. “Besides, you know as well as I do that Chris is as stubborn as a mule. He’d go alone whether I agree to it or not. It’ll save us a whole lot of problems if I just nod my head.”

Joshua could agree with Liam’s opinion disgruntling. Suffice to say that every single member of Liam’s team was as stubborn as a mule, with their captain probably being the most stubborn of them all. And like with every member of Liam’s team, Chris had high pride. He definitely wouldn’t appreciate having a ‘babysitter’ with him.

Joshua sighed. “It’s still too dangerous,” he insisted. “What with everything that’s been happening lately—and we still have no idea who sold out Evans. We should send Tracey or someone as backup—”

“We can’t!” Liam said irritably, throwing down his pen, causing several ink blots to scatter over the paper that he was currently reading through. He looked up and fixed Joshua with one of his famous glares. It seemed like the countless sleepless nights that Liam had spent for the past month or so due to Evans almost getting himself killed was gnawing even his everlasting patience. “Chris is the best infiltrator amongst us. You know that! If I send more than one person to Volans, the chances of getting discovered increases. Besides, I trust Chris. There isn’t a single person in my team who can’t handle themselves in a fight.”

Joshua was silent for several moments. As Liam’s second-in-command, he was well aware of the fact that Liam had personally handpicked his squad members. They were a First Response Squad—designed to be able to take on virtually any role in an emergency. Something that Joshua knew his father was far from pleased with, as the death rate for a team so often on the front lines was higher than most. And if the tension and skirmishes between the Legion and the Effendi’s Guard increased, it was only going to be a matter of time before they’d start seeing an increase of deaths.

“…His hometown used to be in those parts, right?” Joshua said at last.

Liam nodded solemnly, reaching into his drawer and pulling out a file. “It was burned down several years ago, before the Volans facility was constructed in its place,” he explained, opening the file and flipping through the pages before he found the one that he wanted. “Uncle Sig thinks that’s why the village was targeted and destroyed in the first place.” Liam threw down the file on his desk, and Joshua spied various grisly photos of burned bodies and a village destroyed by fire. “Damn the Effendi.” Liam muttered irritably.

Joshua said nothing, but he could definitely understand why Chris was so adamant about carrying out the mission himself.

“…Damn it, Chris. You’d better come back alive.” Joshua growled beneath his breath.

✯✯✯ 

Only the sounds of Gale’s footsteps as he walked down the hallway could be heard as the young man made his way towards the office of the Dominion commander. His steps felt just a tad bit lighter, as they always did after he made a visit to Soma.

In various ways, Soma reminded Gale a lot of Yuri. He was just as headstrong as her, if not stubborn. It is this trait of Yuri’s that is one of the reasons why she is forced on the run now, along with Ethan and Hayden.

Finally, Gale arrived outside Hiram’s office and rapped sharply on the door. After hearing an affirmative from inside, he let himself in. 

The young man was taken aback for a moment when he saw Hiram sitting behind his desk, fixing Ezekiel with a blank stare—but Gale had worked under Hiram for long enough to know the signs of him getting annoyed. Marcus was standing in a corner, fixing Ezekiel with a steel expression. Standing in another corner was a beautiful woman with long, platinum blond hair wearing a deep red coat with a pair of silver daggers visible by her sides that are coated with a thin layer of poison. Black boots were visible on her slender feet. Her nails are also painted a deep purple, and Gale would bet every single thing that he had that those nails had a layer of poison painted on them as well.

Gale recognised the woman after a moment. As long as one worked for the Effendi, his second-in-command was immediately recognisable. Camellia Faylan. One of the greatest assassins in Adaytren, and a mistress in silent killing. There had even been rumours in the past that she was the Effendi’s secret lover. 

Gale knew for a fact that at one point—before Yuri had joined Dominion—Camellia had taught Yuri the trade of being an assassin. After all, before Dominion, Yuri’s weapons of choice had been similar to Camellia’s—a pair of twin daggers.

“Sorry. I didn’t know that you were in a meeting.” Gale apologised, eyes flickering towards the man with chin-length greasy hair and onyx eyes, wearing a white lab coat over a black tunic—Ezekiel. Only a fool wouldn’t detect the air of animosity in the room. “I can come back at a later time if you wish.”

“No, it’s fine, Gale. We’re just finishing up.” Hiram assured before turning a steely gaze towards Ezekiel. “I couldn’t care less what kind of impression that you or the Effendi had of me or my squad, but you tell him to stop interfering with us.” His eyes flickered towards Camellia, but the blond betrayed nothing on her face. “Are we clear?” Hiram almost growled, his voice ice-cold to the point that it almost caused Gale to take a step back from his commander out of sheer instinct.

“Crystal clear.” Ezekiel sneered. “But between you and me, I find it ill advised to ignore the Effendi’s orders. And leaving Yuri, Hayden and Ethan out there alone is a ticket for disaster.”

Marcus narrowed his eyes in his corner. “…Is that a threat that I hear, Ezekiel?” The interrogator hissed, his right hand falling onto the hilt of his blade. Dark green eyes gleamed dangerously towards the scientist that if Marcus hears what he doesn’t like, his sword is going to separate Ezekiel’s head from his shoulders.

“None at all.” Ezekiel said without a care, but still keeping an eye on Marcus. He was no fool. Ezekiel knew that he was considered the weakest of Dominion, and only with them in the first place because not even Hiram could ignore a direct request from the Effendi. Even Gale could kill him easily with one eye closed. “I’ll take my leave.”

“…One moment, Ezekiel.” Hiram spoke before Ezekiel could leave his office. The Dominion commander curled both his hands together before his chin. “If I find out that the recent spate of disappearances have anything to do with you or whatever you’re doing in Volans, no one will ever find your body.” His eyes were cold. “The Effendi’s orders or not, while you hold the title as an Enforcer of Dominion, you are obliged to follow our rules. Violate that, and I’ll kill you myself. Is that clear?”

Even Gale felt the hairs on his arms stand on end.

To his credit, Ezekiel didn’t show any sign of discomfort. “…Crystal clear, sir.” Ezekiel said almost mockingly as he left the office.

Several moments of silence reigned before Camellia sighed from her corner, and the three men turned towards the female assassin. “You are well within your grounds to do that, and I wouldn’t begrudge you if Ezekiel ever crosses the line. But Hiram, you should be careful. You shouldn’t continue aggravating the Effendi like you have been doing ever since you asked for Yuri and Gale to join Dominion.” Her eyes flickered towards Gale as she spoke. “And on that note, are you sure that you don’t know of Yuri’s whereabouts?” Teal eyes narrowed dangerously at Hiram.

Gale was careful to not let his body language give him away as he studied Camellia carefully. Yuri was right. The woman was not to be underestimated. She wouldn’t have survived long as the Effendi’s second-in-command and unofficial bodyguard if she wasn’t skilled.

Hiram looked annoyed with that question. “You know, I couldn’t care less if the Effendi trusts me or not,” he growled. “If I said I don’t know where Yuri, Hayden and Ethan are, then I don’t know! Besides, do you honestly think that those three couldn’t hide themselves away to such an extent that even the Effendi couldn’t find them?” He questioned Camellia, who only frowned. “They are former Enforcers—I trained them myself. I know exactly what they’re capable of—especially Yuri.” His eyes hardened as he looked at the emotionless Camellia. “She won’t get herself caught or even found if she doesn’t want to be. And trust me on this, Faylan, you won’t like it in the least if you ever pushed Yuri over the edge.” He warned. 

Camellia betrayed nothing on her beautiful face even as her eyes looked from one to the other, landing on Gale a fraction longer than the other two. “…I see,” she said at last. “I’ll be sure to tell the Effendi what you’ve said. I’ll take my leave.”

Gale let out a breath that he didn’t realise he’d been holding as Camellia left the office. Hiram then turned his attention onto Gale.

“…Gale.” Gale snapped to attention immediately, meeting Hiram’s serious expression. “I doubt I have to tell you this, but about Ezekiel…” He trailed off momentarily. “Keep an eye on him.”

Gale immediately translated that as an indirect assignment from Hiram—watch Ezekiel’s actions, and if he even puts a toe out of line, I want to be the first to know.

Gale nodded grimly.

“…Yes sir.”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri exchanged exasperated looks with Ethan and Hayden before the three of them stared at the brunette in front of them. All four were currently standing atop a hillside overlooking the Volans’ facility. The setting sun coated the surroundings a deep orange-red, and caused them all to squint.

The trio have ran into this Legion agent just in the vicinity of the facility when they have arrived, and Hayden had hauled the brunette by the back of his coat before retreating to the hillside where they could converse in peace without anyone from overhearing—much to said brunette’s protests.

“Are all you Legion people idiots or something?” Hayden deadpanned as he stared at the agent—Chris Perkins. “You think you can just waltz in like that?”

Chris frowned. “I’m an infiltrator.”

“So are we.” Ethan replied. “And even we know better than to just waltz in through the gates like that. You’d never leave alive.”

Yuri let out an exasperated sigh, tugging at the hood over her head. “Ethan, watch him,” she ordered. “Hayden and I will scout out the area to determine the numbers that we might have to face.”

Ethan nodded before his two friends were gone in a flash. He turned his attention back to Chris who looked annoyed. “Get yourself off your high horse.” Ethan reprimanded. “There’s more at stake here than just your fucking pride!” He narrowed his eyes. “If you had just walked in there and gotten yourself caught, you would also be potentially creating trouble for the underground. You wouldn’t be able to take on all of the new mercenary guards by yourself.”

Chris paled drastically. 

“And well…” Ethan scratched the back of his head, sighing. “I’m sorry for the two of them.” Ethan said at last, not knowing how to explain his best friends’ dislike for everything related to the Legion. Chris looked surprised at this sudden apology. “It’s not really you that they have a problem with, or how you’d almost gotten yourself killed. It’s more what you represent.” He explained.

“Is it because I’m from the Legion?” Chris asked, understanding immediately. As a general rule, most members of the underground weren’t fond of them due to their use of underground members for high-risk missions. 

Ethan looked at him with a raised brow. “Both yes and no,” he said at last, much to Chris’ confusion. Ethan took one step closer to the edge where he had a good view of the Volans’ facility. “Like with most of the underground, it’s true that I don’t hold the Legion in high regard. For me, it’s that when it actually comes down to it, I feel you guys are useless when it counts.” 

Chris recoiled as if he’d just been slapped, but couldn’t say anything to rebuke Ethan’s words. The Legion were bound by their own rules and morals. It is why Liam is often so annoyed with the commander. And also why he is often hauled into the commander’s office for lectures whenever Liam gave orders that he feels is the ‘right decision’ and not what the Legion’s rules dictates. It is one reason why Liam had so much respect amongst his fellow Legion agents, despite his young age.

“My apologies if I’m blunt. But that’s what I feel.” Ethan fixed Chris with an assessing stare. “I’m not really certain why Hayden dislikes the Legion so much. But as for Yuri…” He trailed off slowly. “It’s not really my place to say.” He admitted at last.

Chris frowned. “What do you mean? And does she have any relatives or something? She kind of reminds me of my captain.” He commented, as the first time that he had seen the trio, he did honestly thought that Liam had changed his mind and had came after Chris as his backup. If he didn’t notice that the Liam-lookalike is obviously a girl with more feminine features and curves, and had longer hair, he would have honestly thought that Yuri is Liam.

Ethan gave Chris an odd look, as this isn’t the first time that he had heard something like this from a Legion agent. The Legion agent that they’d saved from Caelum months ago, Evan, had also said something similar along those lines.

Just how much of a resemblance could Yuri have to this mystery Legion agent anyway? Like every child taken into the Child Soldier Program, Ethan was pretty certain that Yuri doesn’t have any relatives left—as any relative that she had is bound to have long been killed by the Effendi’s orders. 

It is how things worked with all those in the Child Soldier Program after all. 

It is why Yuri and Gale have both long been numb to the deaths, the pain and even the carnage that follows in the wake of every single one of the Effendi’s operations by the time that Ethan and Hayden joined Dominion.

After all, to them, this is normal.

“I’m pretty sure that Yuri doesn’t have any relatives left.” Ethan commented. “But back to what we’re saying—everything that the Legion does isn’t all roses and daises. You know that.” Chris’ guilty look only cemented Ethan’s opinion that Chris was a high-ranked Legion agent, and thus knew of the darkness of that organisation. “The needs of the many outweigh the one. We understand that.” Ethan pushed a lock of his hair out of his eyes. “Just…” He trailed off slowly. “A long time ago, the Legion committed an unpardonable sin against Yuri’s best friend. I don’t know what, as Yuri doesn’t like talking about it, and I didn’t want to push her. But needless to say that Yuri isn’t your greatest fan.”

Chris nodded slowly. “Best friend? Hayden?” he questioned.

Ethan shook his head immediately, keeping an eye and ear out on his surroundings to ensure that they don’t get ambushed. “No. Not Hade. It’s someone else,” he said almost absently. “Yuri knew Gale long before we even met her. But whatever it is that had happened to him in the past, Yuri isn’t fond of the Legion because of it.”

Chris frowned. The name ‘Gale’ is vaguely familiar. But Chris didn’t have much time to ponder, as Yuri and Hayden returned at that very moment.

“How is it?” Ethan asked immediately.

“Knowing the Effendi, it’s probably crawling with people from the Guard. But they’re probably the small fry. And if Ezekiel is involved with Volans, there are probably people from R&D as well.” Yuri grunted with distaste. “It’s those from the Red Scorpions that we have to be worried about.”

Hayden nodded with agreement. “But Yuri and I took out two of their members that were standing as guards outside the facility.” Somehow, Chris was fairly certain that their definition of ‘taking out’ was slightly different from his. “So that leaves only those inside. I’m certain that we can take them on though.”

“We have an opening to get into the facility.” Yuri added. “If Ezekiel is the one in charge of Volans, then you should know what to expect to find in there.” She warned, eyes resting on Chris longer than Ethan.

“Try not to puke when you see what’s in there.” Hayden said heavily, turning towards a surprised Chris. “We’ll take care of the guerrilla members in there. Do you have any explosives with you?” Chris shook his head only to be startled as Hayden pressed a bag into his hands. “We’ll be the decoy. You plant those explosives. We’re going to bring down the facility.”

Chris let out an evil grin as he nodded—that is what he wanted as well.

Yuri said nothing as she studied Chris before turning towards her two friends. “Just be ready for combat once we’re actually in there,” she warned. “They’re guerrillas. Veterans. War is their business.”

The three boys nodded as one, with Chris’ right hand falling onto the handgun strapped by his side. “So what now?” he asked.

All eyes turned towards Yuri who is studying the Volans facility, with the building being illuminated by the rays of the setting sun. Her eyes scanned the facility before she nodded—as if satisfied by what she saw.

Their true purpose here isn’t to conquer the Volans facility. It is a futile battle to begin with if that is their aim, as they neither have the manpower or even the ability to wage continuous battles against the men that the Effendi would no doubt send to recapture Volans. 

No. That isn’t their true purpose here. They are here to sack Volans and do as much damage as possible as well as possibly ending the Red Scorpions once and for all. That was all. Yuri, Ethan and Hayden—Blade are here to show their enemy just why you shouldn’t piss off the Undertakers or Blade, and to show their enemy just how in over their heads they were.

They are also here to show their enemy just why it is never a good idea to sell out one of their own like this.

Kill all the members of Red Scorpions that they could find—thus possibly ending a guerrilla group that had long fallen to the Effendi’s clutches. Deal enough damage so that when word reached out to the numerous other guerrilla groups out there, they would have second thoughts about assisting the Effendi and his men in fighting Blade, the Undertakers and any of their allies in the future. 

“We wait.” Yuri ordered, getting affirmative responses from both Ethan and Hayden, and a nod from Chris. “We rest and prepare until night falls. Then we show the Red Scorpions and Ezekiel why you don’t fuck with us.”

It was just about time to give Ezekiel and the Effendi a little reminder as to why Yuri had originally been the one Enforcer of Dominion that everyone feared.

Chris restrained the urge to cringe when he heard Yuri’s cold voice. Hell, she almost sounded exactly like Liam when he was pissed. 

Ethan and Hayden exchanged smirks, one hand falling onto their individual weapons. They almost pitied the guys who would be going up against Yuri.

Almost.

Those poor fools had no idea what they’re in for.

✯✯✯ 

Chris Perkins was starting to get a pretty good idea why the underground was so feared as he followed the trio around the back of the Volans facility. A large ventilator shaft loomed just above their heads. Unlike the agents from the Legion, the underground people’s way of thinking was extremely unorthodox. 

“We’re getting in through the ventilator shaft?” Chris asked, dumbfounded, even as he watched Hayden leapt up to the shaft easily by scaling the pipes located conveniently on the wall next to it with ease. The young man then removed the metal covering and dropped it down to Ethan, who was waiting for it.

“There are security cameras within the facility.” Yuri told Chris calmly, leaning against the wall. “And I don’t know about you, but I’d rather that the Effendi doesn’t know of our involvement here tonight.”

“Come on, Yuri. You’re up next.” Ethan told Yuri, who nodded.

The girl stepped onto Ethan’s hands, which launched her upwards towards the ventilator shaft where Hayden was waiting. 

“Chris, you’re up next.”

Chris copied Yuri’s actions, and as he wasn’t as nimble as either Yuri or Hayden, the latter two were ready to catch and pull him into the shaft with them. Ethan followed a moment later, scaling the pipes like Hayden—albeit with some difficulty, before entering the shaft, closing it behind him with the metal covering.

“All right. Now what?” Chris lowered his voice as he spoke—noticing how the echoes reverberated around the ventilator shaft.

“The ten facilities around Adaytren are pretty much clones of each other.” Hayden spoke first. “We know our way about. Let’s split into pairs.” Hayden added as an afterthought, and Yuri nodded to that suggestion.

“Chris, we’ll leave the detonation of the facility to you.” Yuri turned towards Chris who nodded grimly, tightening his hold on the bag that Hayden had given him earlier. “Ethan will go with you. Hayden and I will create a diversion.”

Ethan nodded. “All right. I’ll leave the remaining survivors of the Red Scorpions to you both.”

“We need to get all this done before dawn.” Hayden stated.

“Ethan, you know the way, right?” Yuri enquired, and Ethan nodded, tapping a fingertip against the side of his temple. “Hayden and I will handle the diversion. We’ll see you in a bit.”

Yuri and Hayden then went down the shaft, disappearing into the darkness. Ethan looked at Chris. “We’ll give them a bit of a head start.” He said at last. “They’ll give us a signal once it’s safe to move.” 

“…Do the three of you know this Ezekiel guy or something?” Chris asked suddenly, and Ethan’s eyes narrowed at him dangerously in the darkness. Even amongst the Legion, it was said that if an agent was ever unfortunate enough to find themselves caught by Ezekiel, they’re better off committing suicide, as death would be a far kinder fate than whatever horrors that would await them under Ezekiel’s hands. “You do, don’t you?”

Ethan glanced silently at his wristwatch to gauge just how much time had passed since Yuri and Hayden parted ways with them. “…Hade and I don’t have much experience with that man. But Yuri does,” he said at last, staring at the wall opposite him as if seeing something fascinating there. “She…is the way she is now because circumstances had forced her hand. And a great deal of responsibility for how she had turned out lies with Ezekiel.” He almost growled the name out. “When I’d first met her, Yuri barely smiled. Barely showed any emotion, even. There were times when I honestly thought that Yuri didn’t even know how to feel.” Ethan murmured, his dark blue eyes darkening over as he remembered just what Yuri was like when he’d first met her. 

Chris studied Ethan for a long time, running the latter’s words through his mind.

“…Was Yuri part of the Child Soldier Program?” Chris asked at last. And with the deadly glare that Ethan turned on him—tearing his eyes away from the wall, Chris knew that he’d hit the nail on the head. “I’m right, aren’t I?”

Ethan stared at Chris for a long time, unblinking, making the latter feel nervous. “…Were you part of the Legion task force sent after the candidates of that program?” Ethan questioned dangerously.

Chris flinched, knowing what had Ethan so angry. “…Yes. I’m not proud of it, but I knew what was at stake,” he admitted. “Yes, I’ve killed people who had to die for sins that they haven’t committed yet. But if we don’t take them out early on, lots more people are going to die at their hands sooner or later. You know that.” He looked into Ethan’s eyes, only to see a flicker of what seemed like pity for just a split second—making Chris wonder if what he’d seen was just a figment of his imagination. 

Ethan frowned. “…I guess not everyone in the Legion is all talk,” he murmured. “In several ways, Hayden and I have it better than Yuri did. We at least could control our own lives. Yuri never had a choice, even right from the beginning. Everything in her life was mapped out for her.” He admitted. “Yuri is the way she is now because she had to survive. Nothing more and nothing less.”

The rest of the time spent waiting was spent in silence.

✯✯✯ 

Hayden and Yuri stopped at a steel grating before both looked down as one into the room that they were currently perched above. In the room below, eerie green glows emanated from certain spots within.

The only sound that could be heard were bubbling noises—like water being boiled.

“Doesn’t seem to have anyone below.” Hayden murmured in a low voice, exchanging looks with Yuri. Both nodded to each other before Hayden tugged on the iron grating covering that came off into his hands easily with a horrible screeching sound, making Yuri cringe at the abuse to her sensitive ears.

Hayden was the first to drop down into the room below—landing silently like a cat. Yuri followed—dropping next to Hayden without a sound.

Silver-blue eyes then widened slightly in shock as Yuri took in her surroundings.

The room seemed to be a laboratory of some sort, with several glass tubes each large enough to contain an adult human covering the laboratory. Grotesque bodies that still had some semblance of being human previously floated within the water of each glass tube, a mask placed over their mouths – probably to allow them to breathe.

Yuri had expected to find something like this from the very beginning, but even still, the sight still sent a shock through her.

Hayden closed his eyes briefly in agony. “…Great Gaia… Grant me strength,” he whispered. “…I can only hope that Hiram truly has no idea what Ezekiel is up to, otherwise Dominion has indeed fallen further than I’d thought possible.”

Yuri was no longer listening. She’d approached the nearest glass tube, gazing into it at the long-haired figure inside that doesn’t bear any semblance to being human any longer. Yuri pressed the palm of her hand against the tube, and the coldness of the glass immediately seeped through the fabric of her fingerless glove.

Blurred figures are all that Yuri could make out within her water prison—as that is what it is. Being enclosed within a glass tube even as Ezekiel and his assistants ran all kinds of experiments and tests.

The only times when she is let out is during meal times when the orderly came—every day at two o’clock and at seven o’clock. For the past month however, Yuri is so weak that she could barely even fight back as the orderly and one of the assistants fed her before putting her back into the tube.

For a moment, Yuri wondered where Gale is, and if he was faring the same. 

Right from the beginning, Ezekiel always had an unhealthy amount of interest in her. And when Gale started tying with her in just about everything at the Academy, she should have known that Gale would pique the interest of Ezekiel and perhaps even the Effendi too. And Yuri could have told Gale from personal experience that piquing the interest of the two most dangerous men alive in Adaytren isn’t a good thing.

Yuri could hear muffled voices whilst in the water. She could just make out a blurred image of a figure entering the lab, carrying a tray of some sort. And another figure in a white coat followed him in.

Yuri waited as the water in the tube drained and the orderly opened the door. He wasn’t expecting for a punch from the not quite ten-year-old child inside, knocking him off his feet. His air supply was then quickly cut off as a thin arm tightened around his neck from behind, despite his feeble attempts to get oxygen back into his lungs.

The body then went limp, and Yuri let it fall to the ground.

Yuri stood in the middle of the room, with dripping wet hair and with her body still wet, pulling her breathing mask off her face and letting to drop to the ground with a loud clatter, uncaring of her nudity, glaring at the assistant scientist who held up both his hands in a motion of surrender.

“…Unfortunately, I was already genetically enhanced a long time ago when I was first brought here.” Yuri spat, rubbing at her lips, grabbing a long white coat draped over the back of a chair nearby, and pulling it over her body. The coat is too large for her, and dragged onto the ground, but at the moment, Yuri couldn’t find it in herself to care. “Thus, my body is more durable and resistant to your experiments. Ezekiel made me that way.”

With that said, Yuri walked towards the door that opened with a hiss for her, planning to go and get Gale.

Yuri paused in her tracks, finding her breathing coming in short and shallow as she looked up at the two tall men standing in front of her, both wearing similar black coats with a vaguely familiar symbol visible on it. An unconscious Gale was in the arms of the tallest man, wrapped in a white towel, his hair dripping wet with water as well.

Hiram Georges knelt to Yuri’s eye level, meeting emotionless silver-blue eyes fearlessly. “…Congratulations, Yuri. You proved us right. You made it,” he said simply. “Welcome to Dominion.”

…Yuri…

…Yuri.

Yuri…

“YURI!”

Yuri’s mind snapped back to the present, and she spun around to meet the concerned hazel eyes of Hayden.

“…Are you all right?” Hayden enquired as Yuri turned her attention back to the figure floating about within the glass tube.

Yuri nodded silently before stepping away from the tube. “…There’s nothing more that we can do for them,” she said at last, tearing her eyes away from the several bodies floating within the glass tubes. At this point, death is a far kinder fate for them. The raven-haired girl then glanced at the steel doors blocking the entrance and turned towards Hayden. “…Hayden? Can you?”

Hayden nodded grimly, slamming both gloved fists together with a loud smack, approaching the double steel doors. “Leave it to me,” he proclaimed, flexing his fingers.

✯✯✯ 

Chris Perkins froze as he heard the echoes of something metal hitting the ground with a gigantic crash. Alarms started baring all over the facility, causing the Legion agent to tense.

“What’s that?” he asked nervously.

Ethan wasn’t surprised. “It’s Hade and Yuri. They’re beginning their side of the operation.” He glanced at Chris out of the corner of his eye, pulling out a screwdriver from his back pocket and starting to work on the screws that fixed the wire grating above the room that they’re currently crouched above. “Now that they’ve got the enemy’s attention, it’s our chance.” He explained.

And knowing Hayden, Ethan was fairly sure that he must have either busted or destroyed one of the rooms that had high security in order to trip the alarms to attract attention.

And there is a reason why Ethan had never liked to spar with Hayden in hand-to-hand combat either—especially years ago back when they’re still in Dominion, as Hayden never seem to be able to control his strength. Yuri and Gale are probably the only ones who could take a punch head-on from him and still keep a straight face. Ethan had seen enemies—men two times older and bigger than Hayden get knocked out with a single punch.

Unlike Chris, Ethan of course knew that much like Yuri and Gale, Hayden was genetically enhanced as well at some point in his life before Ethan had met him. Unlike Yuri and Gale however, Hayden was genetically enhanced to possess superhuman strength and binocular sight. Like all candidates in the Child Soldier Program, Ethan was genetically enhanced as well. But unlike his two best friends, the effects weren’t that obvious with him.

Chris wasn’t entirely convinced however, staring at Ethan. “It sounded like something large was just destroyed,” he said. “How can Hayden or Yuri do something like that?”

Ethan didn’t amuse Chris with an answer, but merely slipped the latches off the wire grating and removing it. “Come on, we don’t have time to waste,” he said. “We have a facility to bomb.”

✯✯✯ 

No one had any idea how it had happened.

One minute, everything was quiet within the Volans facility—to the point of being almost eerie. Then, the intruder alarms were tripped, with explosions going off, and fires starting a scant second later.

With a hard expression on his face, a middle-aged man led his comrades towards the experimental laboratory room—a room that he had been shown to by Ezekiel when the Red Scorpions were first hired as facility guards. They had been strictly told that if intruders actually managed to get into the facility, they were to destroy this room and its contents.

“Did someone blow the doors up or something?” One of the men wondered, already catching sight of the steel double doors lying on the ground as they approached the laboratory.

“You know, he might be our employer and all, but the things that this guy does are enough to make my skin crawl.” The only woman amongst them sniffed as the leader snapped on the lights to give them some visibility.

“We need money and we also need to lay low for awhile.” Her companion snapped. “The entire underground are out for our blood after what we did to the boss!”

“Ex-boss.” The leader snapped, digging into his pouch for a grenade. “And where are those two idiots anyway? They’re supposed to be guarding the outside!”

Before they could say anything else, they were immediately all ensnared by razor thin wires that stretched all across the room, cutting into their flesh. Several of the wires wrapped around their waists and arms, preventing them from even reaching for their weapons.

“What is this?” The leader roared, fighting against the wire, but he quickly found it to be a bad idea—one such wire is currently wrapped around his neck.

“My advice to you is not to move,” said a soft voice.

The three mercenaries looked up only to see a lean and tall young man seated atop one of the glass tubes, flexing his fingers. Upon closer inspection, the wires’ source could be traced back to the device currently cradled in his hands. 

“Who are you? Whose orders are you under?” The leader demanded. After all, no sane person would dare to attack one of Adaytren’s ten prison facilities unless they had a death wish or are under orders.

“That’s not important.” Yuri said calmly, drawing their attention and eyeing the unfortunate souls in front of her in such a way that it seemed as if she were contemplating the best way to charbroil them. “We’re just here to clean up the trash—especially as you conspired and betrayed a man whom we were all very fond of.”

“I generally abhor killing.” Hayden drawled in a low voice, tightening the wire around his captives’ bodies. “But I think I’ll make an exception. When you lot chose to betray your boss and his men, you made yourselves enemies of just about every mercenary group and every member of the underground. Even if it isn’t us, it would only be a matter of time before the others make you pay in blood. Unlucky for you.”

“And, well, we don’t really like this place, you see.” Yuri added as a follow-up, looking in distaste below her at the glass tube that she was sitting on. “And the inhumane experiments that are carried out here. So taking out this place is a bonus for us.”

“Damn you…” The leader hissed in anger, struggling against the wires, but found them stronger than he had first thought. “Damn you to Hell!”

“Personally, I don’t really care what problems you had with your former boss.” Yuri spat distastefully. “You’re guerrillas—you do what you can to survive—I understand that. But when you betrayed your own people—your own comrades-in-arms, it doesn’t sit so well with us. And despite knowing what goes on in this very place, you actually agreed to ally with and assist the man who runs these insane experiments. At this point, you might as well go and join the Effendi’s Guard entirely.”

“We didn’t have a choice!” The leader spat, seeing his comrades slowly losing the fight in them due to the lack of air from the wire cutting into their necks, as they passed out, still suspended in mid-air due to the wires wrapped around their bodies. “This country has been embroiled in conflict for years now! And yet, the boss refused to take advantage of the fact and instead decided to aid the underground groups in fighting against the Effendi! I’m not throwing my life away for an idealistic fool like that! What’s wrong with me wanting to strike big and strike out on my own?”

Hayden shook his head, as if pitying the man for his foolishness. “Remember that your previous boss was the only reason you’re still alive today. We turned a blind eye for years because we owed your boss several large favours, and we were content to just let the guerrilla groups do their own thing. But not this time.”

The man’s eyes widened, “…Enforcer.” The man croaked, suddenly finding his mouth going dry. “You’re former Enforcers!”

“Emphasis on the ‘former’.” Hayden replied. “And it isn’t like either the Effendi or Hiram are going to admit that they’ve got former Enforcers running rogue anyway.”

“This is the least that we could do to honour your old boss—knowing that we’d helped to avenge him, and the guerrilla group that he’d spent years building up with his bare hands will not have its reputation and honour dragged through the mud any longer.” Yuri spat. “I’ve said too much, but it’s not like you and your comrades are going to stay alive long enough to tell anyone that you’ve run into us here.”

With that, both Hayden and Yuri pulled out a grappling hook each from their waist pouches to pull themselves back up to the ventilator shaft, departing the way they came.

A low beeping sound alerted the leader of the Red Scorpions to a timer explosive currently attached to the nearest glass tube, with less than ten seconds to go. His stricken expression—full of terror gazed back at him from the reflection of said glass tube, and he dropped his head.

“…Great Gaia… Save me…” He whispered.

The beeping sound of the timer is all that he could hear, even as it counted down to his demise in the Volans facility’s laboratory.

✯✯✯ 

Back on the hilltop where they’d stood hours earlier, Yuri, Hayden, Ethan and Chris watched the Volans facility burn. 

Orange-red flames illuminated the otherwise dark surroundings, and Yuri knew that hours from now, the Effendi would launch an investigation into the instigators of the attack and destruction of the facility. Knowing her former comrades in Dominion, however, Yuri knew that they would know immediately who had been behind it.

“It’s burning.” Hayden murmured, arms crossed over his chest, the reflections of the flames reflected in hazel eyes. “So much for an impenetrable fortress.” He sighed.

“We’d better lay low for awhile after this.” Ethan commented, pushing a lock of hair out of his eyes. “The Effendi and Ezekiel will be after us even more than they already are. But it looks like our job’s done here.”

At least they’d be able to inform Alec that they’d gotten revenge on the people responsible for almost causing Lesley’s death.

Chris gave a small smile as he listened to the three, his eyes fixated on the burning fortress. “You know, I grew up here—back before they constructed the facility,” he said off-handedly, and as one, the three turned their attention towards him. “The Effendi had my village destroyed because they refused to hand over the young women that he wanted. It was a total slaughter.” Chris shut his eyes briefly, bringing up buried memories of terrified screams and of a village burning as soldiers attacked the frightened villagers. “I was the only one that survived. And that’s only because my older sister protected me—she hid me in the cellar.” Chris let out a loud sigh as he took one step closer to the side of the hill, eyes fixated on the Volans facility, imagining his old hometown in its place. “My village had been beautiful; no place better to grow up.” He had a small wistful smile on his face. “Beautiful lakes. Lush forests. The men of my village made their living by becoming hunters, carpenters and fishermen. We had everything we wanted there. The Effendi took it all away in a single night.” Just like how the monarch of their country did to so many others. And though Chris doesn’t know the other three, he was fairly certain that they’d have similar stories. “The Legion saved me and gave me a home. Gave me a purpose to live.”

Hayden sighed, staring at his right hand before slowly clenching it into a fist. “…How many years has it been?” he murmured. “How long has it been since the Effendi had came into power, and plunged our country into Hell?”

“Too long.” Ethan replied, a scowl appearing on his face.

“I wonder why humans kept repeating the same mistakes over and over?” Yuri wondered out loud. “We all go through life with the same struggles, the same heartbreak… We should be able to prop each other up with the same love and kindness as well. We are all just humans trying to live in the same country—trying to live to see past another day. So why does it always comes down to war?” She murmured darkly, with something appearing in her eyes that made Chris shiver to see it.

“Since a monster like the Effendi is born.” Ethan scowled. “Power corrupts. It is truer than we think. The strong feed upon the weak. It is such an obligingly simple rule. Only victors are allowed to live. This is just how it is.”

Chris said nothing for several moments. He looked over at Yuri curiously, comparing the similarities between Yuri and Liam. Did his team leader have a close relative that he wasn’t aware of? There was no way that two people would look this much like each other and not be related, right?

“I have to go.” Chris said regretfully. “It’s best for everyone if the Effendi doesn’t know of Legion’s involvement here tonight.” The three teens nodded. “You know…” Yuri blinked as Chris looked at her and smiled. “You really do look a lot like Liam.” He gave a backwards wave as he prepared to disappear into the woods. “I’ll see you around, I guess.”

Yuri frowned, staring into the direction that Chris had disappeared to long after he was gone.

That name again. Just who in the world was Liam?







7

LIAM, THE PAST


The past does not have to be your prison. You have a voice in your destiny. You have a say in your life. You have a choice in the path you take. - Max Lucado

✯✯✯ 

Liam Michaelis was absently admiring the colours cast on the land below the trainees’ dormitory as the sun slowly sank into the horizon, when a blond whirlwind slammed into him without warning, nearly sending both of them tumbling off the rooftop. 

In fact, they would have if a slender hand hadn’t thrust out at that moment to latch onto his collar just in time.

Liam groaned—only one person in the entire Legion was crazy enough to almost send both of them to the Great Beyond. He glared at the grinning blond currently straddling him before shoving him off. “What in Gaia’s name are you doing, Joshua?” Liam huffed. “Are you trying to kill us both?”

“That would never have happened.” Joshua retorted, still with a grin on his face as he settled down on the rooftop next to Liam. “Natasha wouldn’t have let us fall—she loves us too much.”

Natasha Piers developed a tick on her eyebrow. “Oh, I would if you both continue annoying me the way you did last week,” she scoffed, waving one hand around. “Just carry on and fall off the roof already and break your necks, idiots.”

Liam almost felt a shiver go down his spine at the cold tone. Natasha’s nickname of ‘Ice Queen’ amongst the Legion Academy trainees wasn’t just for show, but despite it all, Liam knew that his friend wasn’t as stern and cold as she made herself out to be. 

It had been three years since Johan Michaelis had passed away, and both Liam and Joshua have been enrolled into the Legion’s training program. The two quickly got used to the harshly rigorous training, and proved themselves to be some of the best amongst their peers. 

Much like Joshua and Liam, Natasha Piers had been one of the top students in the training program, too. But unlike Joshua and Liam, much of Natasha’s focus had been more on the ‘behind-the-scenes’ work—intelligence. It was what had piqued Liam’s interest to begin with; there weren’t many female agents within the Legion—and those that were willing to sink into the shadows were even rarer. 

Natasha had been a bit of a loner to begin with, keeping to herself and barely speaking to anyone—something that made the other trainees uneasy, particularly the female minority. They thought that she’s arrogant which is ridiculous, as Natasha never spoke much about herself, and Liam had always defended her.

The trio had been made to team up once for an exercise, and the trio had been inseparable ever since. Though it seems that their friendship is also good for Natasha, as she tend to give out a few rare smiles over the course of three years that Liam had known her.

Liam was curious about Natasha’s past, but had held his tongue—most of those who joined the Legion never had pretty background stories. Although he knew that Natasha had an older brother who is already an official Legion agent, as he had popped by once to the Academy to visit his sister.

“Honestly…” Liam shook his head as Natasha sat down silently on his other side. “What would you do if we did end up falling off the roof, Joshua?” He scolded his best friend who only grinned at him unrepentantly. “We have that graduation exam tomorrow! And I’d rather not turn up for it covered in bandages.”

“Well, we didn’t.” Joshua grinned, and Liam gave it up as a lost cause. He exchanged exasperated looks with Natasha who only shrugged, a smile tugging at the corners of her lips. “Anyway, speaking about the graduation exam… Any clue what we’re in for during the practical?”

“No idea.” Natasha shrugged. “But from what I heard from my brother—it’s often a combat test of some sort. Liam and I wouldn’t have problems with the theory part of the exam. So what about you, Joshua?” She asked, directing this question towards the only blond trio member.

“I’ll be fine.” Joshua waved off Natasha’s queries.

Natasha stared at Joshua blankly before sighing deeply and burying her face into her hands. “Sometimes, I wonder how you managed to be amongst the top in our class,” she muttered, her words muffled. “Just don’t expect me to help you cheat tomorrow.”

Despite Natasha’s words, she knew that Joshua was intelligent, despite how much of a joker he acted at times. Everyone had a way to help them cope with the stress of death, war and battles, and some of the strangest characters in the Legion tended to be amongst the best. 

“Anyway, let’s go get something to eat. I’m starving!” Joshua proclaimed. “And maybe we could do with some last minute revision later tonight.”

“You just want a copy of my notes.” Natasha complained, disgruntled, getting to her feet even as she met Liam’s eyes. With a silent nod, the message was sent and received. “Don’t stay out too late. If you fall asleep out here again, I’m not carrying you back.” Natasha warned before she followed Joshua, leaving Liam to his thoughts.

Their footsteps faded into the distance, and Liam tugged at the choker around his neck before yanking out a thin silver cross pendant from beneath his shirt. The last dying rays from the setting sun bounced off the four blue gems.

“One step closer.” Liam whispered to himself.

✯✯✯ 

The examiner blew his whistle sharply, standing atop the Academy’s main duelling platform.

The excited babble from the examinees immediately died down, all of them giving the examiner their attention. 

It was, after all, the final examination—and also the most challenging.

“Congratulations on making it this far.” The examiner said, tapping the side of his head with the edge of his clipboard. “This is the final test: combat.” The boys looked excited at the prospect. “We’ll be pitting pairs of you against each other in a mock combat situation. You will be graded depending on how well you perform. The test will be over if your opponent is thrown out of the ring, is knocked out, or if I say so. You are not allowed to kill your opponent, is that clear?” The stern look on the examiner’s face showed his seriousness. “If you do, you’ll fail instantly, and you’ll also be getting a visit from the Commander.”

Liam, Joshua and Natasha exchanged looks amongst themselves. Sigmund had explained the rule to them during the previous year when the three of them watched the final examination for the previous graduating batch.

The Legion were already short numbered, and also don’t wish for their agents to start thinking along the lines of the Guard; that it’s all right to kill anyone they don’t like. As a Legion agent, they will definitely kill. But out of duty, not vengeance.

It’s the one line that separates them from the Guard.

Liam silently watched his classmates pit themselves against each other. Most of them just used the combat manoeuvres that the Academy had taught them—never creating their own combat style. Liam was no expert, but even he could tell that those that stuck to the Academy styles would likely never go far even upon graduation, and in the worst case scenario—they’d likely end up killed in the field.

Natasha was pitted against one of the more muscular boys in the class. To the average person, one would assume that lean and slim Natasha had no chance against a guy so much bigger and stronger, but they also wouldn’t know Natasha, and what she could do.

Even Liam, who was arguably the best in his class, sometimes had a tough time against Natasha when they sparred. Unlike Liam and Joshua, who relied more on power and strength in hand-to-hand combat, Natasha utilised speed.

As Natasha had told the two boys once—it didn’t matter that you’re the strongest person in the world if your hits can’t connect. Fittingly, Natasha had specialised in cloak and dagger techniques—those that hide and attack from the shadows.

Impressed, Liam watched as Natasha dodged and ducked beneath every hit her opponent tried—knowing from experience that her opponent would be getting steadily frustrated. 

“It’s over.” Joshua concluded as he watched Natasha swipe her opponent’s legs out from beneath him, causing said opponent to land with a heavy thud on his back. The dark haired teen was then quick to get atop said opponent, two fingers inches away from his eyes.

“Damn, you get faster every time I see you fight.” Joshua whistled as Natasha returned to her place with them. “I almost dread our next spar with you, Natasha.”

Natasha gave Joshua a triumphant look. “Get stronger or faster then,” she said simply, but there was no mistaking the pride in her voice. Much like Joshua and Liam, she had honed her combat style with hours and hours of practice. “Besides, you can show me how good you’ve gotten. You’re both up next.”

Sure enough, the examiner was calling for the final pair of combatants.

“Joshua Lestat and Liam Michaelis.” The examiner called, making a mark on his clipboard. “You’re the last. Get up here.”

A hush fell over the group of examinees. Looking around, Liam could spy a few full-fledged Legion agents watching with interest. Even several of the students in the Academy’s lower classes had gathered by then.

The examiner stood in the middle of the duelling platform, looking from Liam to Joshua and back again, making sure that they were both ready, his stopwatch in hand. “All right, the same rules apply,” he said, his voice carrying loud and clear. “No killing. And if I say stop, it means stop. Also, I want you boys to give it everything you’ve got, is that clear?” 

The examiner had been one of their combat instructors, and he’d known that both Joshua and Liam had always held back in class. If he hadn’t known that both boys and Natasha had always trained on their own after class, he would have called them out on it a long time ago.

Both boys nodded eagerly. The instructor returned their nod, satisfied. He could already see several keen looks on the faces of the other examinees, and the Legion agents who had come to watch the final combat examination. And Great Gaia, was that Sigmund Lestat and Sage Lieben that he saw over there? The head of the Assault Department as well as the Commander himself were interested in the fight?

“Don’t hold back, Liam.” Joshua called out, grinning and massaging the back of his neck. “Because I definitely won’t. I want to face you going all out at your best.”

“Right back at you.” Liam grinned back.

“All right.” The examiner cleared his throat before letting his hand fall. “Begin!” He leapt back off the platform, as excited as anyone to see how the match would turn out.

Joshua began moving first, knowing better than anyone that Liam was deadly in a fight if you let him get a hit on you first. Liam might lack Natasha’s precision and Joshua’s power, but even so, he was not to be underestimated.

Liam was quick to dodge Joshua’s punch, grabbing his wrist and using Joshua’s knee as a springboard to leap into the air, swinging his right foot towards Joshua. The blond barely managed to dodge Liam’s attack, with the latter only grazing his cheek.

“They’re good.” Sage murmured from next to Sigmund, mildly impressed with Joshua and Liam’s skills. ‘So they’re the top students of this year’s graduating batch.’ He glanced at Sigmund who looked extremely proud. ‘Sigmund’s boy and Johan’s boy, huh? They fight like how their fathers did when we were trainees.’ Sage felt a pang of nostalgia in his chest at that—recalling that day so long ago when he wasn’t that much older than Joshua and Liam, and having his final examination in the training academy alongside Johan and Sigmund.

Liam dropped into a ready crouch, almost oblivious to the cheers from his classmates when Joshua turned towards him, massaging his cheek before moving forwards once more. Liam was quick to dance around Joshua’s attacks in quick succession while searching for an opening.

His eyes gleamed in satisfaction when he spotted his opportunity. 

There!

Liam darted forward, Joshua’s punch just missing him by a hairbreadth, and grasped a surprised Joshua by the wrist and swiped his legs from beneath him with his left foot before throwing Joshua over his shoulder.

Joshua landed on his back with a pained grunt, and Liam used his foot to support Joshua’s head so as to prevent his best friend from suffering a concussion.

“Match is over!” The examiner called out immediately amidst the loud cheers from the rest of the class. “The victor is Liam!”

“Good match.” Liam pulled Joshua to his feet, and noticed his best friend giving him an annoyed look as he massaged his back. “Hey, I didn’t hurt you too badly.” He complained. He did cushion Joshua’s head for him, didn’t he?

“I thought I was going to get my head cracked open.” Joshua complained as they walked off the duelling platform, their instructor announcing loudly that their class would receive their results the next day, along with which team and department they’d be assigned to. “But well… You won fair and square.” He said, disgruntled. “Although I’ll win next time.” He vowed.

“I’ll look forward to it.” Liam grinned.

“Good work, you two.” Sigmund Lestat approached both boys with a smile and Natasha in tow. “You’ve improved.”

“Dad! Did you come to watch?” Joshua asked excitedly. “I didn’t see you.”

“That’s the purpose, isn’t it?” Sigmund chuckled, ruffling his pouting son’s hair. “Come on, let’s go get some lunch, you three. It’s on me.”

“All right! I want mashed potatoes!” Joshua cheered before running ahead towards the cafeteria.

“No fair, Joshua! Wait for me!”

Liam watched his two best friends go, a small smile on his lips before a hand fell atop his head. He looked up to see Sigmund’s kind eyes that are so much like Joshua’s. The man ruffled his hair like he did to Joshua earlier.

“You did great, Liam. You’ve grown stronger.” Sigmund said. “Your father would be proud of you.”

Liam nodded. “Thanks,” he said with a small smile, before hastening his footsteps and making his way towards the cafeteria where Joshua and Natasha were both waiting.

He did not look back.

✯✯✯ 

Later that afternoon, Liam was lounging about in the dorm room that he shared with Joshua, sitting up in his bed, with his back against the headrest. Silver-blue eyes stared at the silver cross resting in the palm of his hand.

Three years.

He had finally made it this far. He had finally graduated. And yet, there were times when Liam had let his mind wander to his missing twin sister, knowing that Yuri would have loved it if she had been here with him.

Liam shut his eyes, humming an almost forgotten song beneath his breath—the same tune that his father had always hummed to him and his sister before Yuri was ripped from their sides.

“Share with me your tears. All your troubles and deepest fears. I remember when you chased all my shadows away. Won’t you take my hand? Come away with me from this land. Let me give to you, all that you have given to me…1”

Liam didn’t even realise when he drifted off to sleep, surrounded by long-dead ghosts and memories of his past—and dreaming of a future that could never be.

✯✯✯ 

“Daddy, why are you always singing this song?” Three-year-old Liam asked his father curiously, turning his body around to look up at his father. Both twins were currently nestled in their father’s lap, sitting before the fireplace. “This song sounds really sad.”

“Really? I thought that it sounds pretty.” His twin chirped from next to him.

Johan Michaelis laughed, ruffling the hair of both his children. “You both are too smart for your own good,” he said, laughing. “This was your mother’s favourite song. She was always singing it while she was pregnant with you both. Laura loved this song. It is an old folk song originating from her country…”

✯✯✯ 

Liam jerked awake and swung a fist at whoever had rudely awoken him out of sheer instinct. Joshua immediately ducked beneath the fist and took a step back to get out of the line of fire—waking Liam was always a hazard, especially after their first year at the academy, when majority of the training was focused on honing their instincts. By now, Joshua was the only one who could escape without some sort of injury after waking Liam.

“Damn it, Liam! It’s me!” Joshua snapped, blocking Liam’s punch with the palm of his right hand and using his left as a shield to prevent his nose from getting broken. “Wake up!”

Liam blinked blearily, rubbing at his eyes with a fist to remove the sleep before his mind was fully awake. “Oh. Joshua.”

Joshua’s eyelid twitched dangerously. “‘Oh. Joshua’?” Joshua parroted, annoyed. “I come and wake you and almost get a black eye in the process for my trouble, and that’s all you got to say? How about an ‘I’m sorry’?”

“Well, I didn’t hit you, did I?” Liam retorted, annoyed. “Anyway, what are you waking me for? I thought we didn’t get the results until tomorrow morning?”

“It’s already in.” Joshua said tiredly, giving up the argument since both Joshua and Liam had the same old one every single time. Now he understood why he was always the one stuck with being Liam’s roommate. “I was sent to get you. We’re wanted in the Commander’s office, along with Natasha.”

Liam sighed. “Fine.”

He got to his feet, stretching to get the kinks and knots out of his body before pulling on the jacket that had been slung over the back of the chair. He followed Joshua out of their shared room. 

The hallway was silent. Not many people were around since the graduation exams were over—most were likely hanging around the recreation area or the training pool.

Even as they walked towards the main headquarters of the Legion, Liam couldn’t help his mind wandering.

Out of habit, he clutched at the silver cross around his neck. It wasn’t the first time he’d had dreams about his past—and even dreams of a possible future, where Yuri was never taken from him and his father had never died. But even now, each time it happened he still couldn’t help but dwell on it.

Joshua, who was leading the way to the Commander’s office, stopped in his tracks, and Liam managed to stop just in time to prevent himself from smashing into his best friend’s back. Joshua raised a fist and politely knocked on the partially opened door.

“Enter.”

Both boys entered the office, immediately noticing Natasha already there, and a tall man standing before the desk whom both Liam and Joshua were familiar with. “Dad?” Joshua croaked, confused, and Sigmund Lestat smiled a crooked smile at his son. “What are you doing here?”

“You’ll see,” was all that Sigmund said, and the three teens then turned towards the Legion’s commander, Sage Lieben, paying him their undivided attention.

Sage Lieben leaned forward, resting his elbows on the surface of his desk whilst saying nothing for several moments, studying the three teens in front of him. With his status, he had to keep things professional, but even still, Lieben was always curious about how his best friends’ sons were doing in their training.

“All right. Liam Michaelis, Joshua Lestat and Natasha Piers.” Lieben said briskly, and all three snapped to attention. “According to reports from your instructors here at the Academy, the three of you were trained as a team from your first year, and have always been highly effective as a combat unit. Sigmund is here because he’s been assigned as your main trainer and commanding officer for the first year, before we decide which department you’re best suited for.”

The three pre-teens exchanged confused looks.

“It is a system that we’ve just decided on.” Sigmund cut in, “what with the number of agents that we’ve been losing in skirmishes with the Guard for the past several years.” The trio nodded in unison—even they’ve heard of the high death toll within the Legion during their time in the Academy. “Your first year as official Legion agents will be spent on field training before we decide which department you’re best slated for. It also helps to train up your aptitude for teamwork—”

“It’s not like we really need it, Dad.” Joshua told his father, and Sigmund gave a small, amused smile. “Liam, Natasha and I have been working together as a unit throughout our time in the Academy.”

“Yes, but this is for field training.” Lieben said. “The danger and stress levels are much higher, so keep your guards up whenever you’re out in the field.” He warned the three rookies. “With more experienced officers out there as field trainers, it’s hoped that the survival rate for new agents might increase.”

“We can only hope.” Sigmund replied, and Lieben nodded solemnly. 

“With that, I’ll leave them to your capable hands, Sigmund.” Lieben told his old friend who nodded.

“Please leave them to me.” Sigmund answered.

✯✯✯ 

They received their very first mission two days later. While officially, they wouldn’t be part of any department just yet under the new system, since Sigmund Lestat was the head of the Assault Department, that was where Liam, Joshua and Natasha reported to when they got the summons.

“As this is your first field training mission,” Sigmund was saying, with much emphasis, “we’ll be taking on some reconnaissance work.”

Liam, Joshua and Natasha were already decked out in the agent gear that one of the Assault Department’s agents had given them before they’d made their way to Sigmund’s office.

“For what purposes?” Natasha enquired.

“There’s been a village…subjugated by the Effendi’s orders in the western region.” Sigmund answered, tapping on a certain spot on the map that was spread out on the table before them. Liam’s face darkened, and Joshua and Natasha who were sitting either side of him exchanged nervous glances over his head. 

Subjugation.

Simply a nicer term that the Legion used as code for ‘the Effendi’s troops have just destroyed another village’. And needless to say, the casualties were always countless—often without a single inhabitant of said village surviving.

Sigmund sighed, recognising the murderous expression on Liam’s face. Johan had often told his children stories of his and Sigmund’s childhood home having been amongst the first that were ‘subjugated’ by the Effendi upon his rise to power. Sigmund and Johan were only about eight or nine at that time. It had been one of the reasons why they joined the Legion to begin with.

“You’re going to have to see the after-effects of the Effendi’s work sooner or later.” Sigmund said at last. “And I’d rather it be ‘sooner’ than ‘later’.” He added grimly—having seen many rookies freeze on the battlefield and paying dearly for that one moment of hesitation. And if it meant a harsher form of training than fresh graduates were previously used to receiving in order to keep the three teens alive, then that was what Sigmund was going to do. “And from our information, this time Dominion sent two of their Enforcers.”

The three teens exchanged looks. 

Whenever the word ‘Dominion’ or ‘Enforcers’ were mentioned amongst Legion agents, it generally boded bad news because of what they represented. And honestly, most of the Legion were confused when it comes to the Enforcers, as unlike the Guard, they still had an honour code.

Needless to say, the people of Adaytren were torn whenever it comes to Dominion. Were they the good guys or not? There were times when Dominion’s actions had convinced some people that they weren’t really bad people. But there were also times when their actions did the opposite.

“Two members?” Joshua frowned. “Just two people can destroy an entire village?”

Surprisingly, it was Natasha that answered, shaking her head. “You’re underestimating what they can do, Joshua,” she said gravely, and in between them, Liam nodded in agreement. “They’re the best for a reason. They have their reputation for a reason. Even just one of them is enough to face down an entire army.”

“Natasha’s right.” Sigmund said gravely. “You will be able to identify the Enforcers easily as they don’t wear the uniforms of the Guard. From our intelligence, right now, there are six Enforcers. There’s a ‘flee on sight’ order for each of them. Should you ever come across an Enforcer, run in the opposite direction as fast as you can.” Sigmund added forcefully. “You’ll never survive a battle against them.”

Joshua frowned—there was something in his father’s voice that was extremely foreboding. “Are they really that dangerous?”

“Yes.” Sigmund, Liam and Natasha all said at the same time. Sigmund sighed. “We’re going to see the after-effects of their work—to see just what they’re capable of. And my advice to the three of you is to prepare yourselves for what you’re going to see.”

✯✯✯ 

Sigmund might have given them a heads up, but it didn’t really prepare them for the extent of destruction that had been wrought against the once small western fishing village. 

The houses were now husks—all burned down to the very foundations. Anything that could be seen in the village was now charred black. 

Liam nudged at a burnt signboard at his foot. He could still make out a few letters, but not enough to clearly read what must once have been the name of the village.

“Is this…?” Natasha looked up at Sigmund who nodded solemnly as they gingerly entered the village. “This is horrible.”

“No survivors?” Liam looked up at Sigmund hopefully, and the man shook his head. Liam grimaced—he had been expecting this since he’d first heard about their field mission from Sigmund, but he’d still harboured some hope. “I see.”

“What is this for, Dad?” Joshua asked, squatting down and brushing some ashes away from what seemed to be a ring of some sort. “Why was this village targeted? Why did all the people have to die?”

Sigmund sighed. “…I don’t have an answer for you,” he said reluctantly. Honestly speaking, Liam probably understood more than most—after all, he had firsthand experience of how his family was destroyed in just one night when the Effendi had targeted them for his own sick reasons. “The Effendi’s actions and the reasons behind them are something that I’ve never understood. But this is what they’re capable of doing.” He swept his hand over the village. “The Effendi. The Guard. And the Enforcers. This is what you will be directly going to be up against—sometime in the future.”

“…Many people die during missions and wars. They die in surprisingly simple ways.” Liam said suddenly, and three heads turned towards him, perplexed. Liam gave a small smile. “…Dad used to tell me that.”

Sigmund’s lips twitched. That was so like Johan. His way of raising the twins had always been a little unorthodox. But—probably because of losing their mother before they were even old enough to remember her, and then with Johan always being called away on some mission or the other, the Michaelis twins had always been very self-sufficient. 

And if Liam was anything like Johan at all, Sigmund looked forward to seeing what Liam could accomplish in a few years. And Johan’s daughter… If she had graduated alongside her brother in the Legion, what would have happened? Would Liam even be as skilled as he is now, without the motivation of becoming stronger to find his sister?

“All right. Let’s go.” Sigmund said briskly, and the three teens with him nodded and turned to leave the village. 

All four of them stiffened when they saw two hooded figures standing at the entrance of the now burned village—their faces hidden by cloaks. But judging by their size and stature, they shouldn’t be any older than Liam and the other two. Teens from a nearby village here to investigate the rumours they’ve heard, perhaps?

“You kids shouldn’t stay too long. The Effendi’s men might still be around. Hurry back to your village.” Sigmund advised as they passed the pair, adjusting his cloak.

“…Okay.” A male voice answered as the four Legion agents passed them before the pair then entered the ruined village.

His companion turned as the four Legion agents moved further into the distance, a frown just visible beneath the folds of the dark cloak.

“Yuri, what’s wrong?” Her companion called out to her, removing the hood from his head, revealing a head of midnight black hair. “Come along.”

Yuri removed the hood of her cloak, nodding to Gale as she followed his trek.

“…Okay.”







8

LIAM, THE PRESENT


“Death is escape for some. For others, escape just looks like Death.” - Aegrus (Soul Sacrifice Delta)

✯✯✯ 

Liam and Joshua were waiting in the former’s office for Chris when he finally returned to Legion headquarters a little past six in the evening—just as the sun was about to set. The other members of his team weren’t in the office—most likely in the mess hall having their dinner. 

The captain and vice-captain were conversing in low tones—but promptly broke off when Chris announced his presence with a low knock on the partially opened office door.

“Welcome back, Chris.” Liam acknowledged Chris with a nod as the latter entered, placing a folder before Liam on his desk. “I’ll read it later. I want to hear it from you verbally—including whatever details that you most likely had to omit from your report.”

Chris frowned. “Have you already heard of Volans’ destruction?” he asked.

Joshua nodded. “Natasha was just here an hour ago,” he explained. “She told us that Volans had gone up in flames just a little before dawn this morning. The Effendi is really pissed, from what we could find out. But as the scale of the destruction is a little too elaborate for you, we figured that you had some assistance on your mission.”

As an infiltrator and spy, Chris’ style wasn’t one for large scale destruction. He much preferred to end things quietly and without anyone realising his presence, much like Natasha.

“I received some help in the form of three people from the underground.” Chris began after a pause, deciding to omit their names as a form of courtesy. “And honestly, I have them to thank for still being alive.” He looked at the frowns on Liam and Joshua’s faces. “There were some new guards posted at Volans—members of the Red Scorpions.” Chris added.

Chris was taken aback as Liam smacked his hands onto his desk. 

Liam then exchanged looks with Joshua who only frowned before the former then sank back into his chair. “We received this piece of news from Natasha and Tracey just before you got back. You know how we were assigned to investigate Evan’s capture, and find out who had been behind it, and why?” Chris nodded. “It was a setup. More specifically, by a guerrilla group.”

“Let me guess. The Red Scorpions?” Chris interrupted, and Joshua nodded solemnly. The former almost groaned. “Why am I not surprised?” He muttered, and Liam grinned, despite himself.

“Carry on.”

“Right.” Chris nodded. “By the way, Liam, we really need to brush up on our intelligence network if we didn’t even realise that Volans had the remainders of the Red Scorpions as guards. I would be dead by now if it wasn’t for those three.” Until the mission, he didn’t even realise that the Legion’s intelligence network was so extremely lacking.

Liam and Joshua exchanged contemplative looks. Actually, Natasha had been the first to point it out to them a few months before her brother was caught and then nearly murdered in the Caelum facility—that the Legion’s intelligence heavily relied on the underground, who wasn’t that fond of them to begin with.

“I’ll run this by Dad and the commander in my report.” Joshua said at last. “What happened in Volans?”

Chris chewed on his bottom lip and began, picking his words carefully. “Two of the trio played decoy—to distract the guards within the facility after killing the two posted outside. The last one and I were assigned to blow up the facility.” He looked from Liam to Joshua and back again. “We got in via the ventilation shafts, and as a side note, I will declare now that it isn’t an advisable option for future infiltration missions, unless we know the place back to front in order for that route to succeed.”

After all, there were lots of airborne ways to kill someone in an enclosed space like a ventilation shaft. Not to mention that being in the ventilation shaft was enough to render one claustrophobic. And as Chris had realised several hours earlier, only a teenager or someone just entering their adult years could possibly fit in the first place.

Liam definitely agreed with Chris’ analysis on his mission, and was slowly beginning to piece together a picture of what had transpired during it.

“What were they there for?” Liam questioned, propping his chin onto his left hand. “There must be a reason.”

“…It’s pretty personal for them.” Chris admitted. Honestly, with how Hayden and Yuri had treated him, he hadn’t wanted to test the boundaries by asking what was obviously a personal question. But with what little that Ethan had let slip, Chris could only assume that it had something to do with that crazy Enforcer scientist. “Those three aren’t really fond of the Legion. They barely tolerated my presence.” He admitted. Not that it’s uncommon. It wasn’t exactly a secret that much of the underground – even their few informants – could barely stand the Legion.

Joshua said nothing, unsurprised. “Chances of them assisting us again?”

The brunette frowned. “Nil.” Chris answered promptly. “You weren’t there, Joshua. You didn’t see how two of the three reacted when they realised I was with the Legion. If the third of their trio hadn’t convinced them, they would have left me out of their operation completely. And if by some miracle I’d managed to get into Volans as well, they would have left me behind to be blown up.”

Liam winced at the blunt analysis. “…Right. Avoidance it is then,” he said at last, weakly. The last thing he wanted was for the Legion to piss off several members of the underground through continuous pestering. And knowing Liam’s luck, those three that Chris had met were bound to be the underground’s more influential and powerful members. “So anything else you can tell us before you head off to the infirmary?”

Chris paused, frowning as he stared at Liam’s face intently, mentally comparing it to Yuri’s. Liam blinked in confusion as several long moments passed in silence, and Joshua started to give Chris odd looks.

“What? Is there something on my face?” Liam questioned, exchanging confused looks with Joshua.

“Well…” Chris pondered, wondering if he should bring it up or not. What were the odds of two people looking so much alike that it had almost been like seeing Liam’s mirror image? “I’m not sure if this is related to the mission.” He warned as an afterthought, and both Liam and Joshua nodded. “The girl—I was honestly surprised when I first saw her.” Chris explained. “I thought… I thought for a moment that it was you.” He looked at the surprised Liam when he spoke. “And from what I could conclude, then most likely, those three are the ones that saved Evan. And if so, we owed them a debt of thanks.”

Liam raised a brow beside a frowning Joshua, a silent message passing between them for several moments before both turned their attention back towards a nervous Chris. “You say they look alike?” Joshua questioned, and Chris nodded tentatively, wondering if he shouldn’t have said anything after all. “How close is the resemblance?”

Chris shrugged, “If she had just cut her hair and wore boys’ clothes, no one would be able to tell you both apart.”

Liam furrowed his brows. First Evan, and now Chris? And he is fairly sure that those two are talking about the same person. Just how much of a resemblance could he have to some girl that he’d never known or even met?

“…I’ve got to meet this girl for myself.” Liam decided. He rubbed his temples before looking at Chris. “Go and get yourself checked out at the infirmary, Chris. And don’t you dare come in before noon tomorrow.”

Chris grinned and pressed two fingers to his temple in a casual salute. “Aye, aye, sir,” he grinned cheekily before leaving the office, closing the door behind him.

Several long moments of silence fell between the two best friends before Joshua sighed, breaking the silence, scratching at his blond hair. “What do you think?” he asked at last.

“About that mystery girl?” Liam asked, getting to his feet and neatly stacking his pile of paperwork. He was careful to place Chris’ mission report into his top drawer and lock it—making a mental note to read up on it the next day.

“Well, that too. But I’m more concerned about what would actually piss off the underground enough for them to make a venture against one of the prison facilities.” Joshua remarked as they left the office, turning off all lights as they did so. “As a rule, they never made a move against anything relating to the Effendi unless they absolutely have to.”

“Unless they’re one of the rebel factions—is that what you’re trying to say?” Liam interrupted, and Joshua nodded. “Honestly, I’m surprised that there are still enough rebel factions around to stand against the Effendi after his purge of them.” He admitted. Liam fell silent as the two made the trek back to their rooms. “Let’s leave it at that for now. I’ll ask Natasha to check out the situation with the underground circuit. We might be able to find out a bit about those three that Chris ran into.”

✯✯✯ 

“Hey Evan.” Chris grinned as he poked his head into Evan’s assigned recuperation room. Chris was also mildly surprised to see Natasha sitting with her brother—both siblings obviously talking about something before Chris had made his presence known. “I thought that I should come and visit since I’m in the vicinity.”

“After mission check-up?” Natasha guessed upon seeing the bandages around Chris’ wrist and a plaster on his cheek. “Liam told me when I gave him the report that he’d been asking for.” She added upon seeing Chris’ enquiring look.

Evan laughed from where he had been sitting up in his bed. “If he doesn’t have the courage to ask you out, you should be the one asking him out, Nat, or you’ll both never get anywhere.”

Natasha blushed, and both the males laughed at the normally unflappable spy’s reaction. “Anyway, I’m also here to clarify some things with you, Evan.” Chris said seriously, looking at Evan who raised a brow. “Do you still remember the group that saved you from getting murdered in Caelum?”

As an intelligence agent for Legion, the fact that Evan had been caught and then interrogated and tortured in the Caelum facility before being rescued by the mysterious trio was known to few save for Liam’s team, who’d been the ones sent to rescue him. Natasha knew too, as Evan’s younger sister, and had actually spent the days since news of his capture, trying to locate her brother.

Evan scowled at the memory. He’d thought for sure that he was a goner until that girl had shown up. “…Yeah, I do,” he said. “Why?”

Chris was silent for several moments. “I think I met the same group,” he said at last, much to the siblings’ surprise. “On my last mission, they helped me out.” He added. “And you were right—she really looks a lot like Liam. I thought for sure that it was him for a moment when I first saw her.”

Evan sighed, shifting to adjust to a more comfortable position before wincing slightly as he pulled on some of his injuries. “Yeah, I understand what you mean,” he remarked. “I thought the same thing too when I first saw her.” He stared at nothing in particular as he tried to pull up the hazy memory of that mystery Liam look-alike. He’d been so out of it when he’d seen her for those scant moments before passing out, and only waking up again once he was safe and sound in Legion headquarters. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d think that Liam has a sister out there.”

Natasha eyed the two males. “He has a sister,” she said patiently, and both turned their attention towards her, surprised. “You heard me. Liam has a sister. A twin.” She said again.

Chris looked surprised. “I’ve never heard about it.”

Natasha shook her head. “No, you wouldn’t,” she said. She then hesitated. “I think Joshua is the only one who does. I heard them talking about it once when we were still in the Academy. I don’t know the specifics.” 

Natasha looked uncomfortable—that particular conversation had been back when their friendship was still in the tentative phase, and thus, she wasn’t comfortable enough to enquire further about it—especially if Liam had never otherwise mentioned the fact that he had a sister. 

“But from what I could make out, Liam’s sister was taken from him and his father by the Effendi, when he was really young.” Chris looked surprised and Evan growled menacingly. Honestly, he should have expected this. How many families and lives had been destroyed by that man? “It ripped their family apart. Liam’s father spent nearly every waking moment after that trying to find her until he died.” Natasha admitted. “It’s probably the whole reason why Liam joined the Legion to begin with. He’s been looking for his sister for more than ten years.”

✯✯✯ 

Alec couldn’t help the grin spreading over his face as he read the letter from Ethan, detailing everything that had happened during their last mission.

Sure, the leader of the Undertakers was still sour that Blade didn’t even tell him about the Red Scorpions responsible for the capture and near death of one of his comrades. But from another point of view, Alec could admit that Yuri and the other two had a valid reason for doing what they did, and only telling him everything once it was all over.

Volans had gone up in flames. And the Red Scorpions existed no longer—Yuri and Hayden have seen to it themselves. That the Effendi was effectively down another group of hard hitters was a piece of good news by itself—they had enough problems with the Enforcers putting the fear of Gaia in everyone in Adaytren—they didn’t need another group like them around.

From what Nicholas could tell Alec, the Effendi was pretty pissed, and not only because the physical facility had gone up in flames. The ten prison facilities in Adaytren acted as more than just the Effendi’s strongholds. They were representative of his power. With one of them gone—even if it wasn’t one of the major ones like the Sina and Caelum facilities, it was still a sting on his pride.

Any confidence that the Effendi had in his defences was spat on when Volans was infiltrated, attacked and set ablaze from the inside out.

Even if Ethan hadn’t informed Alec that it was their doing, the latter could have guessed it himself—no one in Adaytren that Alec knew of had both the guts and the ability to do something like that apart from the Enforcers.

Alec can now see why the Effendi and his men were rattled, according to Nicholas. After all, if Blade could do that with just three of them, what would they do once the Effendi got them angry enough, and their attention focused on the Royal City itself?

“Huh. Pretty gruesome way to die.” Kara remarked, looking through the photographs that Nicholas had gotten from some of his contacts amongst the black market. The Undertakers had settled down in their new base, and were all currently in Lesley’s room with him—the latter still recovering from his grievous injuries from his time in Caelum. “Then again, knowing who’s involved, should we really be surprised?” She looked from face to face. “Yuri isn’t exactly known for her bountiful sense of mercy.” She pointed out slyly.

Lesley chuckled from his bed, and then winced as he pulled on his still tender ribs. “Yeah. The girl can be one mean bitch when she wants to be,” he remarked, one hand on his ribs. “Though was it a really good idea, Alec?” He turned towards his leader. “That’s attention they neither need nor want.” He cautioned.

“Nah, those three can handle themselves.” Alec shook his head immediately. “I’d be more worried about whoever pissed them off if I were you.”

Damn. Alec hated to say that Yuri, Ethan and Hayden are as good as they are now because they were trained during a time when the Enforcers actually had the focus of their training on cloak-and-dagger techniques, and during a time when to them, there was no such thing as ‘fair play’. 

Alec had a feeling that most likely, the Enforcers and the Effendi probably knew that it was those three behind Volans’ destruction, and the Effendi would be after them even more than he already was.

Yuri never played things fair. Gale as well, when he’d first met the both of them. They went straight for the throat. 

The Undertakers were good, but not that good. If the Undertakers had gone after the Red Scorpions instead, they would have been dead within a minute.

Perhaps now, Alec could see why Hiram Georges had left the trio alone despite having a pretty good idea where they are and what they’ve done, and even why the Effendi had been on the hunt for the trio ever since they’ve left.

“Yeah, of course.” Nicholas nodded, exchanging bemused expressions with Lesley.

Alec got to his feet, making the floorboards creak under his weight as he walked towards the window, and stared through the glass panes at the rain currently pelting down on the gloomy streets.

“…Yuri.” Alec murmured. “You’ve always been the same. No matter how far I run, I could never catch up to you. But I’m not the same as I was back then.” He closed his eyes briefly, recalling his first meeting with Yuri and Gale. “What do you think of me now? Am I of some use to you in the end?”

Was it even possible to underestimate Blade, three people who probably aren’t even old enough to drink yet, and yet are counted amongst the most dangerous killers in Adaytren’s history? It seemed so some days.

Too bad for the Effendi that he had never learned the rule about most people—that the more harmless they look, the more dangerous they are.

Because the whole thing about Blade’s name is in the name itself. Most people didn’t seem to grasp the fact until it was too late that the most important aspect about a bladed weapon is that it cuts.

✯✯✯ 

Hiram Georges sat at his desk, frowning as he read the report over and over, trying to comprehend just what he was reading. The destruction of Volans was all that anyone could talk about all over the Royal City for two days now, and Hiram knew the signs of Yuri’s handiwork. The question here was why.

She wouldn’t just go and decide to blow up the Volans facility on a whim.

A knock on the door alerted him, and he looked up, “Enter.” Hiram raised a brow when he saw who it was that had decided to pay him a visit. “Gale.”

Gale nodded to Hiram grimly as he closed the door behind him, his gray eyes turning sharp and assessing—looking around the office carefully to ensure that there aren’t any hidden guards or devices. “I hope this isn’t a bad time, Hiram. If it is, I could always come back later,” he offered, scuffling the carpet beneath his boot nervously.

“No, it’s fine.” Hiram responded, throwing down the report. “I was just reading the report about Volans’ destruction anyway.” He studied Gale. “And something tells me that you’re here for the same reason.” Gale nodded grimly. “Why do you think Yuri decided to blow up Volans?” Hiram questioned, phrasing it casually, as if he wasn’t really bothered by how he couldn’t read Yuri’s intentions.

“My guess is revenge.” Gale answered grimly. “Volans is under Ezekiel’s command.” He reminded Hiram, who nodded slowly. “And I’ve just found out—that bastard started on his human experiments again.” 

Hiram’s eyes narrowed dangerously—he suddenly had a feeling he knew where this is going. He pinched the bridge of his nose to ease his sudden headache, trying to control the surge of anger pooling in his abdomen. He wished that he could have just killed that crazy scientist—in fact, he would have done it a long time ago if doing so wouldn’t result in a political nightmare with the Effendi.

“…Get his victims out of there and to the militia hospital for treatment—”

“Too late for that, sir.” Gale interrupted, and Hiram narrowed his eyes, “that secret laboratory is – was – in Volans.”

Hiram stared at Gale for several moments without speaking, and the younger male stared back at his commanding officer. Finally, Hiram frowned. “That’s not like Yuri,” he said carefully, also assessing the micro expressions that he could see on Gale’s face. “She would never harm a child, no matter what.”

“I have experience with Ezekiel’s experiments the same way that she does.” Gale interrupted, not liking what Hiram was implying. “With how long those experiments had been going on—most likely ever since Ezekiel took command of Volans, there likely wasn’t anything that we could have done for the victims. Yuri just gave them a quick and merciful death, that’s all. It’s the only thing that she could do for them.” Gale added.

Hiram frowned. “Where’s Ezekiel now?” he demanded.

Gale shook his head. “Holed up somewhere with the Effendi,” he answered. “I’m guessing that the Effendi was well aware of those experiments, and had sanctioned it. Otherwise, we would’ve found out about those experiments by now. We would never have allowed it.”

“Of course not.” Hiram then sighed, rubbing at his temples. 

Gale stared at a spot on the wall as if seeing something fascinating there, not meeting Hiram’s eyes. “…Honestly, Yuri had more guts than I do. She had the courage to leave. She knew the consequences, and she did it anyway.”

Hiram let silence settle over the room before speaking again, “You must blame me then—for allowing the Effendi to twist Dominion to what it is now.”

Gale shook his head, much to Hiram’s surprise. “You did what you could, sir,” he said earnestly. “Yuri and myself both knew what we were getting ourselves into when we joined Dominion. We know exactly what we were expected to do. For the first couple of years, we never regretted that decision. You taught us honour. You gave us the values that we have. You taught us how to fight and how to strategise. You gave us a home. It only changed after the Effendi started poking his nose into our affairs.”

Hiram’s face contorted into a grimace before the expression on his face blanked out. “I had my eye on you both ever since you were brought to participate in the Child Soldier Program,” he remarked. “I merely took the first chance that was granted to me and recruited you both. I never regretted it. I daresay that both you and Yuri are the greatest recruits I could have ever asked for. I didn’t have as much a hand in training you like I did Yuri. I wasn’t really that surprised when Yuri left back then, taking Ethan and Hayden with her. I was, however, surprised that she didn’t try to take out Ezekiel on her way out. Gaia knows that she had the capability to do that.”

“Not even Yuri could break into the Effendi’s palace at that time without setting off a few alarms.” Gale reminded Hiram. He paused. “For what it’s worth, you made Yuri what she is today—the person that everyone serving the Effendi would fear to face in battle. And I think that she might just be the person that can save this country.” With that, Gale pressed his palm against the door and pulled at it, letting himself out, “I’ll take my leave, Hiram.”

As Gale left and shut the door behind him, Hiram let out a wry smile. “Yeah, I made her what she is today,” he echoed Gale’s words to the empty room. “I succeeded beyond imagination. I told her when I first brought her into Dominion as a ten-year-old that I would make her great—greater than anyone else. And I succeeded.” He told no one in the empty room before he quietly returned to his stack of paperwork.

✯✯✯ 

“Hey Liam, got a minute?”

Liam looked up over reading through several reports as a knock sounded on his door, and Natasha stepped in, looking extremely grim, carrying a black folder under one arm. He felt his heart skip a beat.

“Yeah, what is it?” He asked, closing the folder that he’s reading as Natasha used her foot to nudge shut the door behind her. The last thing he saw over her shoulder were the curious expressions on his team members’ faces at their desks as the door shut. 

“I need to go on a little recon mission as well as meet up with a potential contact.” Natasha explained, dropping herself into the chair in front of his desk. “You want to come with me?”

Liam raised an eyebrow as he stared at Natasha for several long moments without saying anything. His old teammate and not-so-secret-crush generally worked solo. So what was different now?

The only exception had been back during their first training year as Legion agents when Natasha was placed in a team with Liam and Joshua. After that year, she had joined the Intelligence Department, and had mostly worked solo since, although she had been occasionally paired with her older brother.

“Uh… Not to sound rude or anything, but why?” Liam asked.

Natasha sighed before placing the black folder in front of Liam. “The Commander wants me to go and scout out one of the towns in the rural province,” she explained. “We had a mole planted there sometime back, but all word from him stopped nearly six months ago.”

“You usually do this alone. Why ask me?” Liam questioned with curiosity even as he opened the folder. He barely restrained a cringe as he saw the investigation photos; dead bodies and a destroyed town.

“An underground…contact I guess you can call him, got in touch with me through one of my regular contacts.” Natasha explained. “Our mole is a friend of his, and he wants to meet. I think he wants answers.” She paused, looking Liam in the eye. “It’s the leader of the Undertakers.” Liam’s eyes widened as he stared at Natasha for several moments, speechless. “Now you understand why I need you?”

Liam nodded slowly. 

With how aggressively the Effendi and his men had been in cracking down on the rebel groups for the past several years, there was barely anyone brave enough to stand up to him. In fact, Liam only knew of five that were still around. And of those five, three had retreated back into the underground and all but disappeared from the face of the Earth. The remaining two groups were Blade and the Undertakers. And both had a reputation for being ruthless. Even the Legion were careful not to cross them.

Liam knew for one that Sage Lieben had been trying to get a meeting with the Undertakers for years now—in the hopes of gaining some sort of alliance. But the Undertakers had blocked all advances. The people of the underground never really held much fondness for the Legion after all. The few interactions that the Legion had with their occasional contact in the underground was pure business, nothing more.

In fact, hardly anyone knew the faces of Blade and the Undertakers. There were, however, rumours that the members of Blade were former soldiers in the Effendi’s service, which would explain why they were so skilled.

One would be a fool to meet someone who had a reputation like that alone.

“When?” Liam questioned, already running a mental inventory check of the gear he’d need to take with him.

“Three nights from now. It’s the town of Caem.” Natasha answered.

✯✯✯ 

The sun had long set by the time Natasha and Liam arrived in Caem three days later. The rain caused both of them to put their hoods up.

The town of Caem was located in a rural province of Adaytren, and like numerous other towns and villages in similar areas, it was barely getting by. The majority of the smaller villages had long become ghost towns as all the inhabitants either left or were killed.

Caem was no exception, and within a few years, it would probably be one of the countless villages or towns that had been reduced to nothingness.

Liam barely restrained a cringe as he saw the desperation that had set in, and the oppressive atmosphere. Not for the first time, he saw just how rundown and poor a town could be. The few homeless that he could see were clearly starving; he could almost count their ribs.

Unlike Natasha, Liam rarely took missions that brought him out to the rural provinces that often see such sights. Liam wasn’t naïve to the suffering Adaytren was going through, but most of his assignments were out in the field—and more ‘direct’ than the cloak and dagger assignments that Natasha and the rest of Intelligence often took. 

They were the ones that saw the full extent of the Effendi’s cruelty and what it had done to Adaytren. Most likely, the Intelligence agents were the ones who came the closest to understanding how and why the people of Adaytren’s underground worked the way they did.

“Damn… It’s worse than I expected.” Natasha murmured, furrowing her brows. Liam gave her a surprised look, and Natasha muttered something beneath her breath, looking worried. 

“I honestly don’t think that there’s anywhere that isn’t touched by the Effendi’s hand at this point.” Liam murmured as they continued walking down the dirt road. The constant pitter-patter of the raindrops and the sloshing sounds of rainwater accompanied them as they walked. 

Not a single child could be seen in the streets. In fact, there aren’t many young people that could be seen in Caem. Most of the residents were the elderly. It rankled at Liam—though all that he could focus on is the lack of the young folks in this small town. Where did they all go?

Natasha clearly had the same thought in mind judging by the frown on her face and by the way that she kept peering in through the downtrodden doors and windows of the houses. 

Liam’s ears pricked up and he paused in his tracks, causing Natasha to look at him oddly.

“Liam?”

“I hear something.” Liam murmured, as he walked down the dirt path, following the sounds of crying, tracking it down to a decrepit house at the end of the street. 

Natasha and Liam exchanged glances as they hovered at the entrance of the house. Both nodded as one, and Liam removed the handgun from his holster and released the safety. Natasha had slipped a dagger from within her sleeve into her hand.

The pair almost cringed in unison when the door opened with a loud creak as they entered the house—but seeing as no soldier intercepted them with a face full of gunfire, they continued their trek, but with extreme caution.

Shaking his nerves off, Liam treaded carefully into the adjacent room by following the sounds of crying—his footsteps making no noise, with Natasha at the rear. The crying continued to grow in volume as they walked further into the house until they came across a large door.

Whoever is crying—she is right behind the door.

Liam exchanged glances with Natasha who nodded, hiding by the side of the doorway as Liam reached for the doorknob and opened it. The door gave a low groaning sound as it swung haltingly open, and the scene that greeted them would likely haunt Liam’s dreams until the day he died.

A young woman, probably just a couple of years older than them, was gently rocking the bloody body of a child who couldn’t be older than three. Tears were cascading down her face as she buried her nose into the unmoving chest of her dead child, letting out a heart-breaking wail.

“…Great Gaia…” Natasha turned pale and looked as if she were about to throw up when she saw what Liam hadn’t noticed right off the bat.

Following Natasha’s line of sight, Liam then saw what he had missed. Two other bodies, also children, lay side-by-side on the ground in front of the woman. One was an infant and the other was probably not much older than five. 

No one needed to tell Liam anything for him to guess what had just transpired here, and he felt bile bubbling up his throat.

He had seen plenty of dead bodies in his time. Hell, his duties often required him to kill soldiers, or to retrieve the bodies of the Legion’s dead. But as long as Liam had been a Legion agent, he had never seen a child dead by its own parent’s hand before.

Were things really this bad in Adaytren now, that a mother honestly thought that her children were better off dead than living such a cursed life?

The mother started to softly sing a lullaby, and the lyrics of the song stirred something in Liam’s heart. It almost appeared as if the woman wasn’t even aware of her surroundings—she didn’t even notice Liam and Natasha’s presences.

Liam swallowed the bile, and somehow managed to find his voice. “We can’t leave her like this,” he finally managed to croak.

“Don’t bother. I’ll take care of this.” A voice spoke, and both Legion agents spun around—shocked that they hadn’t even sensed the presence. A handsome blond stood behind them with a hardened expression in his green eyes as he gazed at the sobbing woman in the room. “Natasha Piers, I assume?” He glanced at Natasha who nodded slowly. “I’m Alec of the Undertakers. We’ll take care of our business in a bit. I have to handle this first.”

“But… She…” Liam stuttered.

Alec turned those cold green eyes onto Liam next, and his eyes widened a slight fraction before hardening again, and he shook his head. “There’s no helping her anymore,” he said, his tone almost gentle. He sighed, running a hand through his hair as he stared at the woman, a flicker of something appearing in his eyes for just a moment before it disappeared again. “I don’t know whether to praise her for ending her children’s lives, or to condemn her for ending it.” Alec murmured with distaste.

Liam finally managed to find his tongue. “Why did she…?” he trailed off slowly, unsure of what to ask. What could he say anyway? Is this what the underground and Natasha see daily?

Alec calmly met his glance before shifting his gaze to the scene before them. “Is this your first time seeing something like this?” he questioned coolly. Liam said nothing and Natasha gave a weak one-shoulder shrug. “It’s not really uncommon these days—especially in the villages and towns out in the rural provinces that have suffered the worst of the Effendi’s cruelty.” Alec admitted. “The Effendi takes children from as young as two years old and trains them to be assassins—placing them into that accursed program of his. Turning them into machines—the ultimate weapons for killing. That woman probably didn’t want to see her children become killers. She protected them the only way she knew how.”

Liam paled.

If your sister is indeed still alive, and in the worst case scenario, working for the Effendi, you might one day find yourself pointing your gun at the very person whom you wanted to protect.

Yuri… Liam’s hand went to the choker around his neck, and Alec’s eyes narrowed as he saw the pendant.

“It’s barbaric, that’s what it is.” Natasha said at last, her voice shaking. “No matter how many times I see this, I still can’t get used to it. Truly, there are indeed things that are worse than death.” She admitted. “Mothers should never be forced to choose death for their own children. Even if… Even if death is indeed the better outcome.” Natasha’s voice shook. “Hell, the last thing that any sane parent would want is to see their children dead before themselves.”

“No…” Liam agreed, and looked solemn even as he eyed the sobbing woman, tightening his hold around his choker. “But it’s also terrible for the children to witness their own parents’ demise.”

Alec frowned, but Natasha said nothing—she at least knew a little of Liam’s history.

“What are we going to do about her?” Liam directed this question to Alec. “She can’t stay here like this. And those children…” He felt his breath get caught in his throat, “those children need a decent burial at least.”

Alec sighed, his eyes going upwards towards the ceiling as if praying for some divine guidance before he met Liam’s gaze again. “I’ll take care of it,” he said heavily. “You both should leave this house. I’ll meet you outside. Trust me.” He hardened his gaze as Liam and Natasha both looked ready to argue. “You don’t want to see this.”

Natasha paled further and nodded. She then pulled Liam behind her, dragging him out of the room. But they didn’t move fast enough, and could hear the conversation taking place between Alec and the sobbing woman even as they moved.

“I didn’t have a choice! I did what I thought was best! You’re not a parent—you don’t understand what it’s like! I protected them—I protected my children! I would rather see them dead than see them turned into heartless killing machines by the Effendi! They were cold and hungry and sick and I couldn’t do anything about it! I couldn’t feed them. I couldn’t give them medicine. But I loved them—I loved them more than life itself! I’m a good mother. Tell me I am!”

Liam could feel Natasha’s shaking grip around his arm.

Alec’s voice sounded weary as he addressed the woman, “Yes ma’am, you did. You’re a good mother. You did a great job, and I’m sure that you’ll see them again in the afterlife.”

Liam closed his eyes with grief as a ‘crack’ resonated throughout the house.

✯✯✯ 

“Liam, you okay?”

Natasha’s voice was hoarse as she addressed him, but Liam didn’t make any notion that he’d heard her. Instead, he stared silently at the ground.

The rain had long stopped, but the puddles at his feet would take much longer to evaporate, and as Liam stared down at those puddles, his own haunted expression stared back.

“What do you want me to say?” Liam asked at last, his voice shaking. “I know that war is ugly and that people die—we’ve seen more than our fair share of it. Not just soldiers—the ones who volunteered to partake in this…senseless violence, but also civilians. But after what I just saw?” He finally met Natasha’s sad gray eyes with his own silver-blue. “A young mother—a woman not much older than us killed her own children because she honestly believed that they were better off dead than being taken by the Effendi. Those kids were so young—they’ve barely lived their lives. They’re probably not even old enough to read yet!” He kicked at the puddle with his boot, disrupting the smooth surface. Liam gave a bitter laugh. “Am I… Am I supposed to be okay?”

Natasha bit on her lower lip. “…During my first assignment as part of Intelligence, I saw a father kill his entire family because he refused to let the soldiers to take his children and his wife away to be the Effendi’s playthings. And after that, he slit his own throat.” She met Liam’s eyes and gave a sad smile. “I threw up for what seemed like hours after that, and my brother told me that this is what I must prepare myself to do and see for the duration of this war. Honestly, you’re already taking this a lot better than I did.” Natasha admitted. “It’s a sad truth, but it is something that happens here—especially out in the rural provinces.”

“Is that supposed to make me feel better, Nat?” Liam scoffed and Natasha smiled sadly. He looked back over his shoulder at the house where Alec was digging shallow graves for the bodies. “It’s just…” He hesitated. “Is this what we’re really fighting for?” Liam gave a bitter laugh. “I sometimes think that the underground had the right idea—that there’s truly no good left in humans anymore if a mother could kill her own children.”

“I sometimes think that way too.” Natasha admitted. “But sometimes, the hardest part of war is picking yourself back up and saying ‘you won’t take me today, Death’.” She sighed. “I tell myself that every single time that I’m sent out on assignment. It keeps me sane—remembering why I’m actually doing this.” Natasha admitted.

“Then you’re one of the rare ones.” A gruff voice reached their ears, and the two Legion agents turned to see Alec approaching them, wiping the dirt from his hands onto his pants. “Most Legion agents that I know of had all but given up. And with the things that they’ve seen? I honestly don’t blame them.” Liam and Natasha exchanged sad expressions, but said nothing against the statement’s truth. “Death is cruel, yes, feared by many, but sometimes, yearned by many.” Alec chuckled darkly. “Humans are so confusing.” He admitted. “There isn’t some definite right or wrong that everyone lives by. You gotta make your own ‘right’ in this world. ”

“I hate war.” Liam admitted, glaring at the ground.

Natasha broke the silence first. “Alec of the Undertakers, right?” she questioned, and Alec nodded. “I’m Natasha Piers. This is Liam Michaelis. We’re from the Legion.”

“Yes, I know that.” Alec answered bluntly. His eyes then shifted to Liam and he frowned. “You…” He then shook his head, cutting himself off from whatever he was about to say. “Never mind. There’s no way that she would have a brother.” He murmured, much to Liam’s confusion.

“What? Who are you talking about?”

Alec ignored Liam and turned his attention back to Natasha. “If it’s Dot that you’re concerned about, he was cornered nearly four months ago when one of the Effendi’s men recognised him talking to a known Legion agent in one of the major cities,” he told Natasha curtly. “And I want to know what reason he’s given his life for. Start talking. Now.”

Liam cringed at the frigid tone. Oh boy.

Natasha looked nervous, which only made Liam’s anxiety worse. “You know the series of disappearances occurring sometime ago before Volans was blown up?” she asked nervously, and Alec raised one eyebrow. “I asked Dot to look into it for me.”

“Of course you did.” Alec muttered, exasperated, already able to put the pieces together. “That fool.”

Liam frowned, not liking how Alec had made small light of a friend’s death, but he held his tongue—knowing better than to insult the person who held the most power and influence amongst Adaytren’s black market and underground network. If Alec wanted to, he could make life very difficult for all Legion agents. And Sage Lieben would also be very sarcastic if he should find out that Liam was the reason why the Legion’s work had doubled in difficulty. 

“What did you or your commander asked Dot to do exactly?” Alec enquired, his voice calm and pleasant, but neither Legion agent was fooled. 

Natasha grimaced as she looked at Liam who shrugged—an exchange that didn’t escape Alec’s notice if the mild narrowing of his eyes is of any indication. 

Liam knew Alec’s type—he was the type that hung back in the shadows and observed his surroundings before hitting out at any weak points and taking what he wanted. Liam could understand now why a guy just a few years older than them was one of the most influential and feared in Adaytren’s underground.

“We…knew that the Volans facility is—was under Ezekiel’s command.” Natasha began, shifting uncomfortably beneath Alec’s sharp and assessing green gaze. “And well… All of Adaytren know of his reputation. Intelligence knew that those missing people were most likely taken into Volans. We wanted to know what was going on in there, and why Ezekiel needed them. So—”

Natasha stopped when Alec narrowed his eyes even further, unamused and unimpressed. 

“So, as your precious Legion really couldn’t afford to lose any more of your own people, you decided to use ours as cannon fodder and basically threw Dot to the rabid wolves?” Alec finished with cold eyes and a colder smile. Despite his loyalties to the Legion, Liam was torn between disgust and outrage. This was one aspect of the Legion that had always put him at odds with the commander. Next to Liam, Natasha flinched minutely. “Honestly, I wish that I could say I’m surprised—I really do. But I’m not.” Alec’s cold smile turned razor sharp. “Sometimes, even I forget how low the Legion can sink. And you Legion agents wonder why we despise you.”

Both Liam and Natasha flinched at the venom laced in those words.

Alec shook his head. “Get out of here,” he spat with disgust. “For your sake, I hope that no Legion agent ever crosses paths with one of mine. Because mark my words, I won’t forget this.”

“Wait!” Natasha called out as Alec turned to leave, “We need your assistance.”

“‘Need’ or ‘want’?” Alec scoffed, “and no thank you. We don’t want whatever the Legion has to offer. There’s already been too much underground blood shed.”

“Look, I understand that you have no reason to trust or like us,” Liam cut in hurriedly, “if I were in your shoes, I wouldn’t trust us either.” Natasha gave Liam a startled look. “But please… We really need your assistance. Or Blade’s. This nation can’t hold out for much longer. If this goes on, it will be the end of Adaytren.”

Alec stared at Liam with an odd expression for several long moments without speaking before he scowled, running a hand through his hair, making it more tousled than it already was. “I won’t put you in direct contact with Blade—you’ve given me no reason to help you,” he spoke sharply, addressing Liam directly. “But—” Alec cut in as Liam looks about to open his mouth and argue, “I can tell you of someone who might be able to get you in contact with them.” Liam nodded eagerly, and Alec’s lips twitched. “His name is Orion—he’s a contract agent. You can find him in Solaris—the Underground City. Dead Men’s Street.”

A small smirk curled the ends of Alec’s lips when he saw how Natasha paled as she realised where Alec was sending them. Not even Natasha had ever gone there before. He noted however that Liam didn’t look afraid in the least, and was impressed despite his feelings towards the pair.

Liam knew the nature of said ‘job’ that most people would hire Blade for. To survive in these hard times, one really couldn’t be picky about the jobs that they take. And with Blade’s reputation, most likely, there was never a shortage of work for them. But from the rumours that Liam had heard, Blade had a strict code that they follow—innocents that they refused to kill. It wasn’t a long list, but normally, children were amongst that list.

“Orion will put you in touch with them—if you’re polite and if you can find him.” Alec told Liam. “Whether Orion will help you or not depends on his mood and how you act around him. Word of warning: watch your tongue and how you behave in Dead Men’s Street, or you’ll never leave alive.” 

“Thank you.” Liam inclined his head politely to Alec, and Natasha followed suit.

“Don’t thank me. If you truly want Blade’s help, you’re going to have to work for it. Excluding the Undertakers, there aren’t many people who knew who they are and what they look like.” Alec scoffed. “And…” He trailed off slowly, staring hard at Liam who was taken aback by the intensity of the stare. Alec then shook his head. “Never mind.” He then pulled the hood of his jacket over his head. “Be careful in Solaris.” Alec warned before he then turned to leave.

Within a matter of moments, he was gone from sight.

“He’s gone.” Natasha murmured at last. “I knew that dealing with him wouldn’t be easy, but the guys at headquarters really downplayed it.”

For a moment, Natasha had almost feared for her life.

“At least we got something out of it.” Liam told her. “Let’s head back to headquarters. We’ll go to Solaris upon our return to headquarters—I know where it is. I’ve been there before.” He told Natasha, much to her surprise. “And I know of the guy that he mentioned. He has an infamous reputation even amongst the underground.”

She nodded. “Yeah. Sounds like a plan,” she said, sounding almost unsure of herself.

The pair continued walking until they reached the edge of the town, and Liam paused in his tracks, looking over his shoulder towards the direction of the house. A muscle in his cheek twitched as he recalled what he’d heard her scream, and what Alec had said.

If things have been different—would that have happened to him? And to his sister, too? Or maybe there will be no Liam, and it will be Yuri standing in his shoes right now?

“Liam?” Natasha called out. “Let’s go.”

Liam nodded. “…Yeah. Okay,” he muttered, taking one look upwards at the skies above him. Back in the major cities, they wouldn’t be able to see the stars, but in the rural provinces, they shine above their heads—like several billion glittery diamonds on black velvet. Liam raised a hand and rubbed at his eyes, staring as a shooting star shot across the sky. 

✯✯✯ 

Liam’s face was cold and unsmiling as they gave their report to the commander upon their return three days later. Even as much as Sage Lieben was curious about what had transpired in Caem, and what had occurred between Liam and Natasha and the leader of the Undertakers, he was wise enough to keep his mouth shut when he caught the look on Liam’s face.

Hence, by the time Lieben was satisfied with their verbal report and had released them, it was nearly ten in the evening, and all that Liam and Natasha wanted was to retire to their rooms for some well-deserved rest, before their trip to Solaris the next day—not one that Natasha was looking forward to.

They met no one as the pair made the silent trek back to their corridor. At this time of night, whoever was still awake would either still be in their office working on some paperwork or are the general few on night guard duty.

Finally, they arrived at the familiar doorway of Liam’s room; a name plaque that read ‘Liam Michaelis’ visible on the door’s wooden surface. Natasha watched as Liam pulled out his key and unlocked the door, leaving it opened behind him as he made his way inside, and Natasha took it as an invitation to enter.

Few Legion agents bothered to make their rooms look lived-in, as the only times they were there was just to shower and sleep. Liam was no exception. 

Apart from the few photos visible on his desk, the room still looked as it did when Liam had first gotten it—with just a wardrobe, a bed, a desk and a bedside table. The only other personal touch that Liam had made was the coat stand in a corner and the small mini refrigerator next to his bedside table, for storing drinks should he have the need to work through the night. A newer addition sat on the corner of his desk; a small black mini stereo system that Natasha knew Joshua had scoured through the black market for last year to get for Liam’s birthday.

Natasha knew for a fact that the mini refrigerator had actually been put together by Liam and Joshua from scoured parts.

Natasha watched Liam as she closed the door behind her with a light nudge of her foot—watching as he sat on the edge of his bed after tossing his coat onto the back of the chair. He reached over and took the photo frame half-hidden behind the table lamp, staring at it. 

Natasha hadn’t even noticed the photo frame—hidden completely as it was, behind the table lamp and another photo frame on the bedside table that contains a photo taken of her, Liam and Joshua on the day when they became a team during their training year. Joshua’s father had taken it, Natasha had remembered. It seemed so long ago now.

For several moments, Natasha watched Liam silently as she leaned against the door—keeping it shut with her weight. She watched as Liam stared at the photo in his hands with an unknown emotion visible in those unique silver-blue eyes, and only the steady wall clock—ticking in rhythm with their breathing, gave any indication at all of time passing.

This silence was almost killing her, Natasha decided. She opened her mouth to speak, “Liam—”

“I had a sister.” Liam’s quiet voice pierced through the silence, cutting Natasha off from what she’d been about to say. He didn’t look at her. He merely continued staring at the photo in his hands.

Gingerly, Natasha strode across the room and sat by Liam. The bedsprings gave a light creak under her weight, but Liam didn’t move or say anything. 

The photo was of a much younger Liam, who couldn’t be much older than five or six. Beside him is a girl that looked so much like Liam save for the longer hair—reaching a little past her earlobes. First glance made it obvious that they were twins. And behind the two children, with his hands resting on the shoulder of each twin is a man that has Liam’s messy dark hair, but with intelligent hazel eyes. He is beaming back at Natasha from the photo—proud to show off his children. Around the necks of each twin are identical black chokers with a cross pendant, with four blue stones in the middle of it.

Natasha then realised that she must be looking at what must be the last happy family photo taken before everything had gone to Hell. Throughout the years, Liam had never spoken about his family—unlike Natasha and Joshua who had spoken briefly about their own. But then again, unlike Liam, both Natasha and Joshua still had at least one living family member.

“She looks a lot like you.” Natasha said at last.

Liam finally tore his eyes away from the photo and gave Natasha a weak grin. “Yeah. Joshua and Uncle Sig always says that,” he admitted before turning his attention back to the photo. “You’re not going to ask?”

Natasha shrugged. “You’ll talk about it when you’re ready,” was all she said. After all, she didn’t like anyone enquiring about her deceased parents and what had happened to them, so why should she probe about a matter that she was certain was extremely sensitive for Liam? “Besides, I already knew that you had a sister—I just don’t know all the details.” Liam looked mildly surprised, and Natasha sighed. “I overheard you and Joshua talking about it once, back when we were still in the Academy. You never mentioned any family before or since, so I just assumed that you don’t like to talk about it.”

Liam gave a weak smile. “…She’s my younger twin sister,” he said at last. “My mother died before I was even old enough to remember her. So I just had my sister, my father and the occasional babysitter that my dad hired to take care of us. This was before I became a permanent resident in Legion headquarters.”

Natasha considered her next question—careful not to ask ‘what happened to them’ or something equally insensitive. Instead, she enquired carefully, “What were they like?”

Liam gave a rare, warm smile that reached his eyes. “I don’t really remember my mother. But my dad—he tried to be both a father and mother to my sister and me when we were growing up. Yuri could always put a smile on his face.” There was a softness in Liam’s voice that Natasha had never heard before. 

“And Yuri… She was the center of our world—mine and my father’s.” Liam expanded, and Natasha made a note of the name. Yuri. Unusual. Natasha could only assume that Liam’s mother most likely wasn’t a native to Adaytren, judging by his features. Most likely, Liam’s mother had named her daughter using customs from her own nation. “Dad doted on her. There’s always this thing about fathers and daughters that I never quite understood, you know?” Liam gave a short laugh. “She’s quiet. Always prefers to read than play dolls or something. We only have each other, so we’re practically joined at the hip. And then…” Liam trailed off, a scowl appearing on his face. “…Yuri was taken.”

Natasha stayed quiet; the words were coming like a torrent now—like Liam couldn’t stop it.

“We were five years old. Soldiers came into our house. Liv heard them coming, and stuffed me and my sister into the closet—”

Natasha knew what was coming next—she had heard so many similar stories over the years that she could almost predict what Liam was going to tell her. But just like watching a car crash, she couldn’t stop it—didn’t want to.

“Liv tried fighting them off, but she failed. They killed her. I was terrified. Yuri… She came out of the closet—trying to distract them. The soldiers took her, and I never saw her again.”

“The Effendi’s men.” Natasha murmured, and Liam nodded grimly.

“Dad changed after that.” Liam admitted. “He was never around much—spending every single bit of his free time trying to find Yuri. It was like…like he’d forgotten that he had a son too.”

After all the years, Liam had never quite forgiven his father for that. It may have been a silly thing to hold a grudge for—especially since the man involved had already been dead for years, but no one had ever said that Liam was a saint. 

“I met Joshua around the same time. His father, Uncle Sig, all but took over raising me after that. I’m almost amazed that Joshua has never resented me for making him share his father’s attention.” Liam gave a bitter laugh. “I know that I would if I was him. And then… My dad died too. He made me promise on his deathbed that I’d find my sister and bring her home. It’s why I joined the Legion to begin with.” He admitted. “Then we saw all of that at Caem when that woman…” Liam trailed off slowly, and gestured with his hands, “you know?” Natasha gave a small nod. “And then I wonder… If things had been different, would my parents have done the same thing? If they were normal civilians, would they have done what she did?”

“Liam…”

Liam gave a choked laugh. “I just…don’t know anymore,” he admitted. “I’m tired… All the deaths… All the carnage… The destruction… What is this for? Just what are we fighting for? And after everything ends, then what? Will the same thing not happen again a few years later? Humans love conflict so much. It’s almost sad to see.” Natasha stayed quiet. “Honestly, I just want my sister back. Is that too much to ask?”

Natasha stayed silent as Liam turned his gaze back to the photo in his hands. This time however, she recognised the look in his eyes as one of longing.

✯✯✯ 

Solaris, also aptly known as the Underground City was the one place the Effendi never touched. It was rumoured that one of the Enforcers had placed Solaris under his personal protection. 

Over the years, Solaris had formed into a haphazard mini-city of sorts, with brothels, gambling dens, underground vendors and such setting up business there. Unlike the other cities and towns in Adaytren however, Solaris had a strict set of rules—set by the underground gangs that had territory in the city.

Liam knew of a few Legion agents that actually visited Solaris occasionally to meet with their underground contacts. Even so, they had to be careful how they behaved while there—abiding by the rules in the Underground City was necessary to anyone who wanted to leave in one piece.

“…First place that I saw in Adaytren that lacks the oppressive atmosphere.” Natasha murmured as she tightened her jacket around her body, walking by Liam’s side as the two made their way through Solaris with their heads held high. A few women wearing skimpy clothing lounged about—most probably from one of the brothels.

“Yeah. Probably because they know the Effendi won’t touch this place.” Liam answered, eyes skating back and forth. “But as long as they don’t pose a threat to his rule, he won’t care what they do here. The Effendi most likely knows that whatever soldiers he sends will probably be sent back in body bags.”

“You seem pretty familiar with Solaris.” Natasha commented. The streets grew quieter the further they walked, with the surroundings taking on more of a poorer outlook with graffiti on the walls that looks like the logos of some gangs, and even marks that seemed to be caused by knives and even guns.

 “One of the senior agents brought me here when I was first promoted to squad leader.” Liam answered. “The information brokers here pretty much hear everything that goes through the underground channels. The ammo and weapons that the Legion gets are actually via the black market here, too.” Liam told Natasha.

“Do you know where to go?” Natasha enquired, and Liam nodded, not taking his eyes off their surroundings.

“Like I said, I know of that guy.” Liam answered. “I got a pretty good idea where he might be now. He isn’t easy to deal with though. Let me do the talking.” He told Natasha who nodded, confusion visible on her face.

Liam then lead the way towards a nearby establishment. The electronic signboard is old and badly scratched up, with the neon lights barely giving off enough weak light to make out the name; with the lights flickering every now and then. Natasha could just make out the words ‘Demon’s Den’ before Liam made his way inside.

There weren’t many customers inside, especially in the early afternoon. Liam glanced around the establishment, vaguely aware that Natasha is standing close to him. 

The floor of Demon’s Den was so filthy that it almost looked as if the entire bar had been built directly on top of the ground. The windows were also boarded up, thus letting in minimal sunlight from the outside.

A man, standing behind the counter, barely batted an eye as Liam approached. “Drinks?” He asked coolly, not looking at Liam.

“Not for now. Where can I find Orion?” Liam questioned, keeping his voice low as his eyes flickered around the establishment—he didn’t want anyone hearing what he is saying. 

He spotted a man dressed in a sleeveless black cloak half hidden in shadows seated in a corner of the bar almost immediately, wondering if he is Orion. The cloaked man even had a half-filled glass of ale in front of him, a cigarette held in between two fingers.

“Over there.” The man who is either the owner or a worker of the bar gestured in the corner that Liam had spotted the cloaked man. 

“Thanks.” Liam murmured before he exchanged looks with Natasha who nodded, slouching against the counter even as Liam studied the dirty menu board above the bartender’s head—pretending to be busy trying to decide what to order.

After several moments, the bartender disappeared into the back, and the two Legion agents then approached the cloaked man whom the bartender had pointed out. Neither Legion agent said a word as they sat down in two of the table’s empty chairs.

Whatever that they could see of Orion’s face was cloaked in shadows, with the hood concealing his face, and whatever of his arms that they could see were covered with white bandages. The skin on his right hand was tanned and heavily callused, also covered with several scars years old. He was even missing his thumb and half the little finger on the right hand.

“Legion agents?” Orion was the first to speak—his voice hoarse and disused—like he hadn’t spoken much for days. “Alec mentioned that you might be coming by.”

“Yes.” Liam nodded, not letting his surprise show that the leader of the Undertakers had dropped a note to the information broker before they’d shown up. “We require your assistance to get in contact with Blade.”

Orion paused, and he turned towards Liam. “…They aren’t too receptive towards Legion agents. Others have tried in the past. And considering the kind of reputation you have amongst the underground, I can’t blame them,” he sneered. 

“Please. We just need to get in contact with them.” Natasha added, not letting her unease show on her face as Orion turned towards her. “We just need to speak to them.”

Orion said nothing for several moments as he took several puffs on his cigarette, and Natasha resisted the urge to cough as the information broker blew the smoke into their faces. Liam, on the other hand, didn’t even twitch beside her—he just sat there unblinkingly with his arms crossed, staring at Orion.

“…My services don’t come cheap,” he said at last.

Liam reached into his coat pocket and drew out a wad of bills, placing it on the table in between them. Orion took it immediately, pocketing the wad of bills. “We need to contact them—we’ll contract them as a job requester if need be.”

“Just a word of warning—if you’re planning to double cross Blade, my advice is don’t even come into contact with them.” Orion warned darkly. “They’re ruthless, and entirely too unforgiving towards anyone who rubs them up the wrong way. You heard about Volans’ destruction, right? The guerrilla group that guarded that place was actually their target—no one knows what they did to piss Blade off, but the word in the underground is that they didn’t die painless deaths. Blade just took out Volans at the same time to send a message.” Liam and Natasha exchanged startled glances.

“We’re not planning to do that.” Natasha assured. Or at least, she hoped so. The higher ups of Legion should have enough brain cells to realise that double crossing Blade is a suicidal plan—assuming that Blade was even willing to hear them out to begin with.

Orion shifted slightly. “…I’ve heard of you before,” he said at last, directing this statement towards Liam. “You’re one of the few that’s never double crossed any underground contact that you had. Thus, I’m willing to do this for you. The leader of Blade is due to come by Solaris any day now to stock up on their supplies of food and ammo. Be warned however; do not underestimate them and do not double cross them.” Orion cautioned. “That’s as much as I can tell you.”

“That’s all?” Natasha questioned, and only the grip of Liam’s hand at her elbow stopped her from saying anything further.

“Thank you.” Liam answered curtly before getting to his feet. “Let’s go, Nat.”

“…Liam Michaelis.” Orion’s gruff voice stopped the pair before they could even leave the table—surprising Natasha, as they definitely didn’t give their names to the information broker. Then again, Alec had likely told him. Liam looked towards Orion, an apprehensive expression on his face. Orion removed the cigarette from his lips. “…Remember who and what you are fighting for. The winds are changing. Pretty soon, you will have to make a decision.”

Liam looked confused at the cryptic words, but he nodded. “…I’ll take that in consideration.”






9

YURI, THE PAST


“No one survived on the streets without a protective mask. No one survived naked. You had to have a role. You had to be ‘thug’, ‘playa’, ‘athlete’, ‘gangsta’ or ‘dope man’. Otherwise, there was only one role left to you. ‘Victim’.” - Jerry Heller (Ruthless: A Memoir)

✯✯✯ 

Hiram met with both Yuri and Gale six months after the pair had started training Ethan and Hayden in just about every aspect of combat; weapons handling, hand-to-hand combat and infiltration techniques—anything that has to do with fighting and winning, Yuri and Gale made sure that Ethan and Hayden understood it back to front.

On some days, Ethan and Hayden were too exhausted to even drag themselves back to their rooms. The senior Dominion pair were doubtlessly extremely harsh and forceful during their training due to their limited time, but the training itself was standard.

Fortunately for their sanity however, Ethan and Hayden were extremely talented students, and picked things up fast. Although the fact that Gale had actually threatened to send them through his own personal obstacle course whilst hurling pointed weapons at them if they didn’t learn fast enough for his liking, had served as enough extra incentive.

“So how are they both looking?” Hiram enquired six months later on an early Wednesday morning. 

While sleep deprivation training was normally one of the first things on the list for the students to learn, even Gale and Yuri felt annoyance for getting dragged out of their warm beds when they’d barely gotten three hours of sleep.

Gale and Yuri exchanged looks before Yuri shrugged a shoulder and Gale nodded and turned back to face Hiram. The silent conversation had taken just a few moments.

“I’m still covering infiltration and espionage techniques with them.” Yuri remarked. “But as combat classes are a large part of the education at the Academy, we already have a base to work on with them. I think we can afford to take them on some field missions pretty soon. You learn pretty fast when you’re out in the field, after all.”

Hiram glanced at Gale who hesitated for a moment before nodding. “Yuri has a point,” he shrugged. “It isn’t that different from how we learned when we were first brought into Dominion. You and Marcus tossed us out into the field less than a month into our admission—we have to learn fast to avoid getting ourselves killed. And if Ethan and Hayden don’t make it through during the mission, then it’s just too bad—and enough proof that they aren’t ready for the harsher assignments that we take on a regular basis.”

“Well, I’m going to send you both out in another two weeks.” Hiram remarked, reaching for a black file on his desk, flipping through the papers within it. “We got another rebel group that you need to curb. I’m sending Karen out to gather more intelligence first.”

“Another one?” Gale groaned. “I swear they keep popping out of the woodwork more than usual lately.”

Yuri said nothing for a long time. “…Is that all, Hiram?” she asked at last, and Hiram nodded. “Let’s go, Gale. We need to get them ready.”

“Are they even awake yet…?” Gale’s voice trailed off as the pair exited the office and the doors closed behind them, and Hiram sighed, looking at the photos within the file in his hands—candid shots of several people, and the sparse information they had to work with before Karen got back. 

“…Even you don’t feel good about it, huh?” Hiram murmured beneath his breath. “How many has it been just this month alone? How many people are you going to execute before you’re satisfied…?”

✯✯✯ 

“Ow…!” Hayden moaned atop the platform in the training room, rubbing at his spine where Yuri had done an one-arm throw, and tossed him flat on his back. “Did I piss her off or something?”

“Someone’s in a bad mood today.” Gale remarked, looking up from where he was scribbling something in a notebook.

“You think?” Ethan said sarcastically from next to him, picking himself up reluctantly, along with his training sword. He looked as if he was about to face the executioner. After training under Gale and Yuri for a little over six months, at this point, both Ethan and Hayden knew that their level of pain after their training concludes for the day will depend greatly on their trainers’ mood.

And Yuri could really be more sadistic than Gale could when it came to the pair’s training.

“Ethan, you’re up next.” Yuri motioned for Ethan to enter the sparring ring. “And Gale, get Hayden to the infirmary.”

“Whose fault is that, anyway?” Gale muttered irritably before walking towards the groaning Hayden and helping him to his feet. “Come on, Hayden. To the infirmary.” As he walked past Yuri, supporting Hayden as he did, Gale lowered his voice, “Tone it down a little, Yuri.”

Yuri grimaced even as she watched Gale and Hayden exit the training room, with the former supporting the latter, and felt a slight pang of guilt. She really shouldn’t be taking her frustration out on Ethan and Hayden, who hadn’t done anything to deserve it.

“Did we do something to piss you off today?” Ethan asked, perplexed.

“It’s not anything that either of you did.” Yuri reassured, adjusting her grip on her training sword. If Gale and Yuri don’t use training weapons whilst training the pair, Ethan and Hayden will likely be losing more limbs than they could afford by now.

“Okay…?” Ethan murmured, eyeing Yuri carefully and wondering if he should really be running. “Fine. Knock me on my ass then.” Yuri looked at Ethan with a raised eyebrow. “Go on. You’ll feel better. Get whatever had you all riled up out of your system.”

Yuri’s lips quirked with this comment. “…Don’t make me prove you right,” she remarked. “On your guard, Ethan.”

With those words, Ethan tensed—from past experience, he knew that he had to keep his guard up all the time whenever Yuri started training him with a weapon in her hand. If he doesn’t, he’d be in for a most painful experience.

Ethan barely managed to bring up his sword in time to block the attack, but even still, he could already feel his arms groaning from the strength behind it.

Yuri had a small frown on her face, though she was actually mildly impressed that Ethan could manage to withstand her attack. Compared to the first few training sessions, Ethan and Hayden had both came a long way.

“Stay sharp, Ethan.” Yuri said firmly, not letting up on her assault, and Ethan barely managed to dodge the sudden flurry of fast strikes. “Don’t hang back and stay your hand. Continue onward. Your enemy won’t show you any mercy. So you shouldn’t either.”

Ethan breathed heavily, wiping away a bead of sweat from the bottom of his chin. His sword felt slick with sweat beneath his hands. The fact that his fingers felt numb spoke of just how long they’d both been going at it.

Continue onward. Read your opponent’s moves. It doesn’t matter how many of them there are, or even how strong they are. There is always an opening—a weakness that you can exploit. No enemy is unbeatable.

Yuri and Gale’s words echoed in Ethan’s head even as he tried to read any openings or weaknesses in Yuri’s combat stance. But just like with Gale, her stance is almost flawless.

But unlike Gale, possibly, the only weakness that Yuri had is with her lack of brute strength. If that was so, then…

Ethan knocked the back of his heel against the floorboards of the training room, and Yuri narrowed her eyes, adjusting the grip on her own training sword. Then before her eyes, Ethan came at her from the left, a look of determination on his face. Yuri moved her sword just in time to block the attack, and her lips then stretched into a rare smile.

“That’s right. That’s it,” she almost crowed. A smirk appeared on Yuri’s face. “But you’re still too naïve.” Yuri quickly switched to a backhand grip and quickly knocked Ethan’s sword out of his hands. Said sword landed with a loud thud at the back of the training room.

“Ouch.” Ethan winced as he blew on his stinging hands. “I’m almost impressed that you haven’t shattered my wrist bones.” He joked, cheering internally when he saw a small smile pass Yuri’s features briefly.

“Karen would be cross with me if I did that,” Yuri said. “Besides, even if you and Hayden can’t see it, you are improving. Six months ago, you both couldn’t even hope to match either me or Gale for strength.”

And considering Hayden’s genetic enhancements, that was saying something.

“If you say so,” was all that Ethan murmured, but Yuri’s sharp ears picked up those words, and she raised a brow. Ethan glanced up from his still throbbing hands and looked at Yuri.

Yuri said nothing for several moments. “…I don’t just trust anyone to have my back in a fight, you know?” she said at last, adjusting her hold on the training sword. She looked Ethan in the eye. “I trust you with my life and my back. Will you trust me with yours?”

Ethan stared at Yuri for a long time without speaking, a bewildered look on his face before he smiled. “Yeah. I’ll probably live a little longer if I have someone like you watching my back. I’ll do my best to ensure that you live a little longer as well.”

Yuri smirked. “Heh. Listen to you talk,” she mused. “And you should really start thinking about the type of weapons that you wish to specialise in. Neither Gale nor I can start on your training if you keep putting it off.”

“What…type of weapons do you use anyway, Yuri?” Ethan asked at last, watching as Yuri walked towards the back of the training room to retrieve his fallen sword.

“Virtually any kind, actually.” Yuri answered, much to Ethan’s surprise. “I am a weapons specialist. But I lean more towards guns and swords. Since my fighting style already works well for me, if I change weapons at this point, I’d have to develop a new fighting style from scratch. That’s the problem there.” She paused, looking at Ethan warily. “I am however working on using both a sword and a gun at the same time rather than relying on twin daggers all the time.”

Ethan’s ears pricked up at that. He’d been curious about it for years, ever since meeting Yuri at the Academy, and he knew that Hayden was too. By rights, most of those in the Child Soldier Program never started going on missions until they were eighteen at the very least. But from what he had heard from rumours, both Yuri and Gale had been going on missions for a couple of years prior to that. And until Yuri and Gale were moved into his training class two years ago, he’d never seen either of them before. 

“…How long have you been doing this?” Ethan asked suddenly, and Yuri looked at him, an eyebrow raised.

“Pardon?”

“How long have you been doing this? You and Gale?” Ethan asked again. “You’ve both clearly shown that you’re way above our levels—even back at the Academy. But I don’t recall seeing either of you at the training programs until you both entered our class two years ago. How long have you been going on missions?”

Yuri said nothing for a long moment even as she made a show of examining the sword that Ethan had been using earlier. Just as he thought that Yuri would simply ignore him and his question, she spoke again.

“…I don’t remember,” she said at last without meeting Ethan’s eyes. She instead kept her eyes on the sword in her hands. “It’s been a long time. I don’t even remember when it began. I’ve been sent on missions for as long as I remember—even before I met Gale and before Hiram brought me into Dominion.”

“‘Don’t remember’?” Ethan echoed, incredulous.

Yuri shrugged nonchalantly. “You gradually forget things the longer that you work for the Effendi,” she explained, finally meeting Ethan’s eyes. “It’s the easiest way to keep your sanity.”

Ethan barely repressed a shudder. He remembered those who’d gone insane after one too many missions, driven to it if they failed to kill their emotions.

“…Why did you become an assassin?”

“I don’t know.” Yuri admitted, handing the sword back to Ethan. “I…was just good at it. Like Gale, I was created for war. It’s the reason behind our whole existence. Killing people… It’s pretty easy.” She admitted. “There are hundreds of ways to kill a man. Back then, it made me feel alive. Because the moment they die, they look at me. They know I’m the one that’s killed them. They acknowledged my existence. I am someone to them during their final moments.” Her face clouded with grief for just a moment. “…No one ever acknowledged me before.” 

The words came out as a statement.

“Not even Gale?” Ethan wanted to know. 

From his observations, those two seems to share everything. Gale has to be the one person who knew Yuri the best. They were partners. Best friends. Ethan honestly couldn’t imagine Yuri without Gale by her side and vice versa.

Yuri hesitated before she let out a sigh, letting her shoulders slump slightly. “…It’s complicated,” she admitted at last. “I trust Gale with my life. But there are some things that I just…can’t tell him. Or anyone for that matter. I’m a little touched in the head, I know.” Yuri let out a bitter laugh. “People have said that to me before. Whether I get hurt or not, fighting makes me feel alive. It makes me feel real.” Yuri looked at Ethan. “Don’t end up like us, Ethan. Find an anchor to this world. The day you stop feeling is the day when you truly become a monster.” She warned. “After all, humans are by far the cruellest beings that walk this earth.”

With that statement, Yuri left the training room, leaving a stunned Ethan to his thoughts. The doors to the training room let out a light hiss as it closed behind her, and she stood in her spot for several moments, staring at the palm of her left hand. 

“…Alive, huh?” Yuri murmured. “I don’t even know what’s right or wrong anymore.”

“Yuri?”

Yuri looked up at the sound of her name to see a familiar redhead approaching, a curious expression on her face. And judging by the clothes she had on, she’d obviously just returned from a mission.

“…Hi Karen.” Yuri nodded to the redhead, a small smile tugging at the corners of her lips.

Karen raised a brow as she looked from Yuri to the training room behind her before sighing. “Please tell me you haven’t broken their bones. Again.” Karen almost groaned. During the first couple of months when Ethan and Hayden first arrived, Karen had spent much of her time patching the pair up after Yuri and Gale were done with them.

In a way, Karen is also Dominion’s unofficial medic—or rather, the only one that Yuri and Gale trust to get near them with a needle.

“I haven’t this time.” Yuri said patiently, holding her hands up to placate Karen. “They’re improving.”

“I’m sure.” Karen grunted. “I’m going to head out again soon. Hiram wants me to gather intelligence on a rumoured rebel group gaining force in Llyn.”

“I’m fairly certain that it has something to do with the Effendi as well.” Yuri remarked, eyes narrowed.

Karen said nothing to that for several moments. Everyone in Dominion knew of Yuri’s feelings, or lack thereof, towards the Effendi. She just never showed her displeasure in front of their monarch. Most likely, Hiram had told her not to.

“Are you bothered?” Karen asked at last. Hell, she wasn’t that comfortable with all the recent orders coming their way from the Effendi either. And ever since Ezekiel’s entry into Dominion, Karen knew that Yuri’s agitation was growing; the Effendi seemed to have a greater hold over Dominion than he did before.

“No.” Yuri said so quickly that Karen immediately knew it to be a lie.

Finally, the redhead sighed. “Yuri, if you can’t tell the truth to the people you care about the most, eventually, you stop being able to tell the truth to yourself.” Karen said. “You can lean on us if you have to. Gale has told you that before. You can trust us. You know that, right?” 

It was probably the most serious that Yuri had ever seen Karen, outside of mission briefing.

Yuri closed her eyes briefly. “…I’ll see you when you get back,” was all that she said at last before she turned and walked down the hallway.

Karen let out a long sigh as she watched the younger girl walking away from her. “…You can’t agree with them anymore, can you?” she murmured. “And you don’t know what’s right or wrong anymore either. And honestly…” Karen rubbed at her forehead wearily. “You’re not the only one.”

✯✯✯ 

Hiram called Gale, Yuri, Ethan and Hayden into his office two weeks later on an early Friday morning.

The four were quick to answer the summons—all of them still dressed in their training gear, and all with a thin sheen of sweat covering their faces.

Yuri and Gale had a pretty good idea what the summons was for. Whenever Karen went missing for long periods of time, she was out on an assignment. And often, one or both of them would be sent out on a mission soon after her return.

“There’s a mission that I need you both on.” Hiram told Yuri and Gale, curling his fingers together before his lips, his pale blue eyes assessing the four teenagers standing in front of him. “It’s actually a direct order from the Effendi. There’s been a rebel group discovered.” A brief expression of dislike flittered across his face so quickly that only Yuri and Gale were quick enough to catch it. “We have been given orders to eliminate the rebel group and…” Hiram sighed inwardly, knowing that either Yuri or Gale was going to blow a fuse the moment they heard their next set of orders. Ever since the Effendi had Ezekiel dig his dirty claws into Dominion, the monarch of their nation was slowly gaining more and more control. Little wonder why Yuri had been in such a bad mood lately. “…And we are also given orders to eliminate the town for the crime of shielding a group of rebels.”

Both Yuri and Gale gave simultaneous twitches of their eyebrows—the only sign that they’d even heard their orders. “…Another one?” Gale sighed. He didn’t even have to look over his shoulder at Ethan and Hayden to know the expressions on their faces. 

The training that the pair had undergone in Dominion had also been to undo the brainwashing that they had gone through whilst in the Child Soldier Program. It was just fortunate for them that Hayden and Ethan were extremely strong willed to begin with.

Privately however, Gale was more concerned about his partner. Yuri might portray herself as cold and unfeeling to the general populace of the Royal City and those that serve the Effendi, but he knew Yuri well enough by now to know that all the ‘elimination missions’ that they’d been sent on of late had been getting to her. He wondered when Yuri would be pushed over the edge. That day would not be pretty for anyone.

Yuri had quite a vicious temper when enraged, and may Gaia be with the poor soul unfortunate enough to be standing in the line of fire should Yuri be ever pushed into a corner.

Yuri pinched the bridge of her nose to ease her headache. “…Which one?”

“Llyn. It’s out in the rural provinces.” Hiram answered. “Also…” His eyes shifted from Yuri to Gale and back again. “Karen just sent word.” Yuri and Gale snapped to attention. “She said that she’s seen Giles Graham around Llyn. It is entirely possible that he might be involved with the rebel group one way or another. So be careful.”

Yuri and Gale exchanged looks. Behind them, Hayden and Ethan exchanged alarmed expressions. Giles Graham was a well known name amongst the forces of the Effendi, especially amongst the trainees in the training program.

He’d formerly been one of the Effendi’s best lieutenants, and the youngest to ever reach that rank. However, he had deserted the Guard a few years ago for reasons unknown. And as with every traitor, his name had appeared on the wanted list, with quite a bounty on his head.

“Graham, huh?” Gale mused, “so they’ve finally found him.” He remarked.

Hiram looked from Yuri to Gale and back again. “…Can you take him if it comes to it?” he questioned, and received nods from the two immediately. “Also…” He drummed his fingers thoughtfully on the surface of his desk. “Do you want to bring Ethan and Hayden with you?” He enquired, obviously recalling his previous meeting with the pair regarding the progress of their newest trainees.

Gale wondered if Hiram remembered the fact that Ethan and Hayden were actually in the room with them, and could actually speak for themselves. He glanced at his partner only to see her looking back at him with a raised brow. He frowned and shrugged a shoulder before Yuri nodded.

“Might as well.” Yuri answered at last with a light shrug of her own. “They might as well see what they’re going to be in for. It might prepare them for their final examination either way. It might be interesting—if it doesn’t kill them first.” She glanced over her shoulder at Hayden and Ethan. “Pack enough essentials for a week-long mission. And my advice to you is also to get yourselves mentally prepared.” Her silver-blue eyes were like cold pieces of ice burning in her skull. “Trust me. You’re going to need it.”

✯✯✯ 

It took the four of them three days to travel to their rural destination. And as they couldn’t afford to risk alerting the rebels to their arrivals, they have opted to head to Llyn by foot after taking a train halfway there.

Like with most transportation routes since the Effendi had came into power, even the trains were heavily monitored and controlled—particularly those that stopped at the Central Station—closest to the Royal City. 

The journey allowed Gale and Yuri to teach Ethan and Hayden how to locate the secret messages that the members of the underground society tended to leave behind. Marks that looked like animal scratches on tree bark or graffiti on walls could be secret codes and signs to someone who knew what to look for.

Ethan swore to Hayden on the third night, as they make camp out in the middle of nowhere, that he’d learned more about how to survive on nothing in just three days than he did in a year when the Academy had covered the same lessons. Hayden had privately agreed with Ethan; nothing beat real, practical experience out in the field.

He could understand why Gale and Yuri decided to bring them along—if only to teach them first-hand practical field skills. Hayden was, however, a little uneasy with Yuri’s last words to Hiram prior to their departure from the Royal City.

What was going to happen during this mission? 

Gale had walked them all through the mission again the previous night when they’d set camp, meticulously outlining each detail. Here, Gale had told Ethan and Hayden grimly that he and Yuri would be the ones handling the rebel group. Ethan and Hayden would handle the village.

It would prepare them for their missions upon their ‘official graduation’.

At that point, Ethan and Hayden understood why Yuri had warned them to be mentally prepared before the mission.

The psychological training that they receive in Dominion was entirely different from the one that they went through when they were still in the Academy.

In the Academy, they were taught to ‘kill’ their emotions. Before Hiram had taken them both out of the Academy, Ethan and Hayden were just about ready to undergo the second to last phase—to rid themselves of emotions entirely—to become the perfect soldier.

In Dominion however, they were taught how to handle the overwhelming feelings that come with taking a life.

While the Effendi and the Academy’s methods might be more effective in certain ways for the candidates of the Child Soldier Program, Hiram had no need of emotionless soldiers. He preferred knowing that he could still trust his soldiers to make their own judgments out on the field should a mission go south.

It was part of the reason why Hiram had worked so hard to undo the brainwashing that Gale and Yuri had both gone through before they were taken into Dominion.

It was just a little after mid-day, and the four of them have taken a pretty weather beaten path that had clearly seen better days. It was also quiet—to the point that the only sounds that could be heard are just the soft sounds of their footsteps and the sounds of the waters of the nearby lake. 

It almost gives Ethan the chills, and he continually fingered the sword by his side to give him some comfort. Hell, less than a month into Dominion, and he has no idea when he had started copying Gale and Yuri, and had started sleeping with a dagger beneath his pillow. Ethan knew for one that Hayden did too, if the fact that he had just narrowly missed a dagger to the head the one time when he had gone to wake Hayden is of any indication.

Ethan watched as Yuri, walking ahead of them, slowed her steps a little so that she fell in step with Gale. “We’re being watched.” Yuri murmured to Gale in a volume low enough that Ethan and Hayden had to strain their ears to catch the words. The only girl amongst their group slipped a dagger from her sleeve into her hand.

Gale did nothing to show that he’d heard his partner even as he shoved his hands into the pockets of his jacket. “How many?” he asked at last.

“One.”

“If Graham is involved, I’m not surprised that he recognised us as militia.” Gale murmured to his partner, knowing the reputation of that man.

“Making contact in three.” Yuri said suddenly, just as the tell-tale whistling of something cutting through the air reaches their ears.

Ethan and Hayden immediately ducked by sheer instinct alone to avoid a sword that cut through the air where their heads would have been a second ago. Yuri and Gale however stayed on their feet even as the only girl amongst their group stretched out a hand and grabbed the sword by the handle easily, stopping the rotation.

“You’re not like those chums that we normally deal with, are you?” Yuri muttered thoughtfully even as she turned to face the man now standing opposite them. “Giles Graham, I believe? The Effendi himself has put quite the price on your head.”

Ethan took the time to study the man as he got to his feet. He has to be at least a decade older than them. And even Ethan could tell that this man is extremely skilled, and should not be underestimated.

“The Effendi must be pretty desperate if he sent fresh Academy brats after my head.” Giles scoffed. Gale had almost lost count of the number of times his enemies had made the same mistake only to pay for it with their lives. Age didn’t mean much in Dominion. It certainly made Yuri so much more effective as an assassin; who would suspect a child? 

“Not the first time I’ve heard that by this point.” Yuri muttered irritably.

Giles narrowed his eyes at the only girl amongst the group. “You know, now that I think about it, you look kind of familiar,” he remarked. “Have we met?”

“So is there a reason why you’re attacking us?” Gale questioned, bringing Giles’ attention to himself, hoping to avoid a confrontation of this magnitude. 

Oh, Gale doesn’t doubt that between himself and Yuri, either one of them could handle Giles Graham. But Gale doubted Yuri’s ability to rein herself in, since she’d been in a foul mood for days now, no thanks to Ezekiel. And while Ethan and Hayden might think otherwise, Gale knew for one that Yuri had already been holding back a great deal during their sparring sessions. It was probably one of the reasons why Hiram had seen it fit to send both Yuri and Gale on this particular mission, if only to allow Yuri let off some steam.

Giles scowled at them. “The Effendi’s lapdogs aren’t welcomed in these parts,” he said frostily. Ethan and Hayden gulped at the murderous expression that appeared momentarily on Yuri’s face. 

“While I don’t really appreciate being referred to as one of that man’s things, I doubt that we can walk out of this without a fight.” Yuri said with an odd sense of calm that immediately sent danger signs flaring in Ethan and Hayden’s minds. From their experience with Yuri and Gale for the past three months, they knew that the calmer and politer Yuri is when facing their enemies, the more dangerous she is.

Ethan and Hayden tensed as Yuri tossed the sword that she had caught earlier towards Giles who caught it with a bewildered expression on his face. Gale on the other hand looked almost resigned—like he knew that this would happen. Then again, he probably did.

“I’ll take care of this.” Yuri addressed Gale, not taking her eyes off her opponent even once. “I want you to take them and handle Llyn and the rebel group.” She met Gale’s eyes briefly before turning her attention back towards Giles. “…Prepare them for what they need to do from now on.”

For several long moments, Gale said nothing. Then he sighed. “All right. Be careful, Yuri,” he said.

Giles tensed when he heard Yuri’s name passed Gale’s lips. “‘Yuri’?” he echoed thoughtfully even as he took on a combat stance as Yuri drew a short blade from the holster at the back of her waist. “It couldn’t be…”

“Something on your mind?” Yuri commented calmly, her silver-blue eyes turning hard like steel.

Giles stared at Yuri without saying anything, studying her from head to toe. His eyes rested on Yuri’s face for the longest time before he swallowed deeply.

“…I recognise you now.” Giles said slowly and carefully. “I’ve never met you, but there are enough rumours in the Royal City. One of Dominion’s best Enforcers. The Black Fang. Enforcer Number IV.”

Yuri’s eyes flashed momentarily as she recalled her last mission when one of her targets had said something similar about her.

“…I didn’t think that Dominion’s Enforcers were kids like you.” Giles remarked, although realising that underestimating her just because of her youth, wouldn’t help him to survive for very long.

“Gale, get them out of here and see to our orders.” Yuri told her partner without taking her eyes off Giles. “We can’t waste too much time.”

Gale closed his eyes briefly before nodding. “All right.” He turned towards Ethan and Hayden. “Come on. We have our own job to do. Let’s go.”

“Gale?” Ethan was bewildered at how Gale could just leave Yuri behind to deal with an opponent likes Giles Graham. After his desertion, it was even said that Giles had sent back every single one of those sent after him in body bags. “But Yuri—”

“She’ll catch up soon.” Gale reassured them even as he led the way into the woods, knowing there to be a direct path towards Llyn where they could fulfil their own part of the mission without alerting anyone to their presence until it’s too late. “You haven’t seen either myself or Yuri fight for real. And trust me, it’s something that you’re not ready to see just yet—especially Yuri. This is why Hiram wants you both on this mission.” He looked back at Ethan and Hayden over his shoulder. “You need to be prepared for the sights and the missions that you’ll take from now on—especially if you intend to pass the final exam.”

“But…” Hayden’s protest sounded weak even to his own ears as he looked back over his shoulder. Neither Yuri nor Giles were visible through the trees any longer. He knew how skilled Yuri was but Giles Graham was on a whole different level, right?

✯✯✯ 

“New recruits, are they?” Giles questioned. “So even Dominion had started recruiting children? That only makes me more certain that leaving the Effendi’s service was the right decision.”

A cold smile tugged at the edges of Yuri’s lips even as she dropped in a combat stance. “Have you fought the Enforcers before, Giles Graham?” she asked calmly, and Giles shook his head. No sane person in Adaytren would wish to entangle themselves with one of Dominion’s Enforcers. “Then you’re in for a treat. My advice to you: don’t hold back. Come at me with the intent to kill. If you don’t, you won’t last longer than a minute.” A cold smirk curled at the ends of her lips. “Shall we dance?”

Yuri took a step forward and Giles let out a curse even as he barely dodged the swipe of a sword that would have succeeded in taking off his head, had he been just a moment slower. 

He caught just a faint black blur moving behind him, and turned on instinct, but saw nothing. 

“Show yourself!” he demanded, but he saw nothing. A cold chuckle reaches his ears, and he turned again, raising his sword into the guard position.

‘So this is why she’s known as the Black Fang? I can understand now why she’s Dominion’s best assassin and undercover operative.’

Giles tried to calm his rapidly beating heart as his eyes shifted from side to side, knowing better than to make sudden rash movements. He knows of the rumours surrounding the notable assassin that currently serves as his opponent, and knows that he can’t take her lightly even if she is a teenager—a child.

A slight rustle of the foliage in the forest behind him caused Giles to turn around.

And then, the hairs on the back of his neck stood on the end as a sharp gunshot echoed through the air. Giles let out a curse as a hot, sharp pain rammed into his side, and he looked down only to see blood already spreading across his shirt.

A gun?

“Damn it!” Giles cursed, ducking out of the way even as a blade swung at where his neck would have been moments ago.

“Ah… I missed.” Yuri said in a tone like she’s speaking about the weather, now standing in front of Giles who ducked back out of sheer instinct, who now saw that she had a short blade in her left hand and a gun in her right. She jumped after the older man who swung his sword towards her in desperation only for Yuri to block his blade with her own before swinging her foot towards his stomach.

“Fuck!” Giles cursed, backpedalling, resisting the urge to cradle his ribs.

“I’ve told you: come at me with the intent to kill.” Yuri said coldly. She dodged out of the way of Giles’ sword easily, slinking behind him.

“Shit!” Giles let out another curse as another sword slash was slashed at his lower back. He quickly turned around, ignoring the blood currently seeping through his shirt, though the assassin is nowhere in sight once more.

‘I need to move.’ Giles thought, panicked, even as he sprinted into the woods, hoping to get out of the assassin’s line of sight. While he might be no better off at locating the younger girl, at least in the woods, he could hide from her as well.

He bit on his lower lip as he pressed his fingers against the slash at his lower back only to realise that the wound is deeper than he had anticipated. He can’t let his battle go on any longer, or he might just die of blood loss before he manages to stop her.

The sound of leaves rustling reaches Giles’ ears just then, and he looked up only to see the Enforcer’s small visage as Yuri walked towards him, her face blank and expressionless, stopping not even ten meters away from him.

Giles breathed heavily, feeling a bead of sweat flow down the side of his face. Just what kind of monsters have Dominion been producing? Dear Gaia… That girl… Just what was she?

“Game over, Giles Graham.” Yuri complimented, a flicker of some unknown emotion going across her eyes quickly. “I commend you for lasting this long. I have nothing against you. But this is our job.”

Giles closed his eyes briefly, grimacing in pain from his numerous injuries.

This is it then. This is where he is going to die.

‘…Sorry Tish.’

That is the last thought that Giles had in mind even as Yuri stepped towards him.

✯✯✯ 

Ethan stared at the burnt remnants of the small village.

No explanations. Nothing. Just an order they were expected to carry out.

Ethan felt something wet on his face, and he is mildly surprised to find that it is tears.

Just maybe… The brainwashing hadn’t been as successful as the Academy had thought. Or maybe Dominion had been successful in undoing the damage before it became permanent.

There were dozens of bodies lying on the ground as the flames licked at the houses—the aftermath of the powerful explosives that Hayden had set upon Gale’s orders. 

And unlike some of the larger towns and villages, Llyn had no private militia save for the rebel group. It had been easy for Gale to take out the survivors that had survived the blast when the rigged explosives went off.

Apart from the rebels, the only people living in this small village had been the local civilians who have refused to give up. Civilians that barely put up a decent fight as they died under swords and guns.

People who died for nothing.

Was this war? Ethan wondered as he stared at the blood staining the blade of his sword. He could almost see his own reflection in the blood-coated steel.

“Why did they fight?”

Ethan looked up at the sound of Hayden’s voice only to find his best friend addressing Gale, who was cleaning the blood from his sword, an unreadable expression on his face. 

Gale didn’t answer for a long time even as he focused on his task. And just as Ethan thought that Gale would ignore Hayden, the slightly older boy finally answered.

“…Because we’re the invaders here. Because we’re the ‘bad guys’. And because they were trying to protect their home and the people who have protected them.” Gale looked at Ethan and Hayden.

“Even though they knew that they couldn’t win?” Ethan asked. He couldn’t understand it.

Gale nodded. “Even despite that,” he agreed. “I see a lot of sights like this during my missions. Yuri is no stranger to it either. And you’re going to be seeing a lot of this from now on.” Gale shook his head. “After all, with each day that passes us by, the world finds new and exciting ways to kill a man. Get used to the sights. Because assuming that you manage to pass your final exam, you’re going to be part of this too.”

✯✯✯ 

Gale was the first one to find Yuri.

Darkness had long fallen, and it had started raining.

She was in the woods they have cut through earlier to get to Llyn. Giles Graham was nowhere in sight.

Yuri stood before a large oak tree that had slight bloodstains splattered on it, her face raised towards the sky, uncaring of the rain. 

For several long moments, neither of the two said anything. 

“Are you crying…?” Gale asked at last.

“No.” If Gale knew that Yuri’s voice had cracked a little at the end, he said nothing. “Just… The rain won’t stop.” Her voice shook. “The rain…just won’t stop.”

“…Yeah.” Gale pressed the edges of his fingertips to his cheek, unsure for a moment if it’s the rain or if it is his tears that are streaming down his face. “It’s pretty endless.” His voice wavered. “Did…you kill him?” He enquired, not sure that he even wanted to know the answer.

For several moments, Yuri said nothing, continuing to stare up at the skies.

“I’ll clean up here. Set up camp with the other two. I’ll be right there.” Yuri spoke at last emotionlessly.

“…Okay.”

Yuri didn’t move for several long moments even as she heard Gale’s footsteps moving away. She had never lied to Gale, and she didn’t want to start now. And it was probably much safer for everyone involved if no one knew the truth of what had happened.

Screw orders. I’m done with this, Yuri thought to herself.

“…I’ve had enough. I won’t kill you. Go.”

Giles Graham stared at Yuri with surprise visible on his face, leaning against the tree behind him to support his weight even as he pressed one hand against his side. “Why?”

“…I don’t know.” Yuri admitted at last. “I’m just…tired, I guess. I’m sick of dancing to that man’s tunes. Dominion is no longer what it had once been. I won’t obey him blindly anymore.”

Giles cracked a smirk after several moments of stunned silence. “You’re different from those in the Effendi’s service. You have your morals still. Something rare for those in the Royal City. If the Enforcers are like you, then I think this country might still have a chance. Never forget who you are, and what you’re fighting for. Don’t lose sight of your path.”

“I no longer know what it is that I’m doing.” Yuri admitted. “I’m tired.”

“You probably know the truth.” Giles shrugged. “After all, you refuse to kill me despite orders.” Yuri flinched. Part of her admitted that Giles was right. But another part of her doesn’t wish to face up to what she had been doing for years—what she had been created to do. “Don’t avert your eyes. See the world and the Effendi for what he truly is. But despite yourself, you know, don’t you? You know the truth.”

“…I am the one that brings death.” Yuri murmured, reciting a line that she had heard Gale say to his execution targets more than once. “And thus, I do not fear death.” She looked at Giles. “Someday, should you wish to meet your end, call for me. I’ll deliver it.”

Giles gave a small smile. “I doubt it’ll come to that. But someday, should you have need of me, I’ll come. No matter how absurd the request, I’ll answer your call. And it’ll be my pleasure to do so.”

✯✯✯ 

“Will she be okay?” Ethan asked Gale as they set up the tent in record time before retreating within to get out of the rain.

Gale was the only one that didn’t bother to change out of his wet clothing, and he didn’t even give any indication that the cold bothered him as he sat near the entrance, watching Yuri lean against the trunk of a nearby tree, staring at nothing in particular.

“She’ll be fine. She always is.” Gale said heavily at last, turning to face Ethan and Hayden. “No matter how difficult the mission or how emotionally wrecking it is, she is always fine.”

Something in Gale’s voice made both Ethan and Hayden freeze. So this…had happened before? Was this what Dominion did? The inhumane orders? In certain ways, they might just have it worse than the Effendi’s Guard.

“What happened to her?” Hayden asked Gale. “This…isn’t normal.”

Gale let out a short sarcastic bark of laughter. “‘Normal’, huh? We were never ‘normal’,” he remarked. He looked sad for a moment. “And Yuri’s situation is…complicated.” He said almost hesitatingly. “The saying what doesn’t kills you makes you stronger is true to a degree. Especially with the nation’s current political climate. In order to survive, you adapt. But in Yuri’s case… Well…” He shrugged. “Not even I know a lot about what had happened to her before I met her. Yuri has always been pushed a great deal further than most, even in the Specialised Program. And you’ve seen the result.” 

Gale rubbed at his temples. “She was meant to be the Effendi’s best weapon. They created her to be one. If there are any weaknesses, they stamped it out. If they found a natural talent, they made sure that Yuri honed it to near perfection. She was just this close to being nothing more than the Effendi’s puppet—a killing machine that couldn’t think for herself.” 

Ethan felt a cold chill grip his heart. 

“I have no idea why the Effendi was so invested in her—but whatever it is, it couldn’t be good. But before Yuri could be turned into their puppet, Hiram stepped in. He undid the brainwashing—the same way that he did for me, and for you both.” A muscle twitched in Gale’s cheek, and his eyes darkened—as though recalling unpleasant memories. “But there are things done to Yuri that even Hiram couldn’t have undone. By most standards, Yuri would have been considered a genius—a prodigy even. The sort of soldier that you see only once in a generation.”

“That’s—”

“Terrible? I agree.” Gale looked Ethan in the eye, and the latter was taken aback at the tired look visible in Gale’s gray eyes. “But at this point, it’s no longer a matter of choice. It’s whether we can survive. And if you want to survive long enough, you have to be prepared to kill your heart and become merciless. That’s what it means to work for the Effendi. And someday… This will be what you will become with time…and what you will do as well,” Gale concluded heavily, sending cold chills down Ethan and Hayden’s spines, “as long as you serve the Effendi as one of his soldiers.”

“That’s horrible.” Hayden murmured. Just what kind of hell had Yuri gone through to end up like that?

At least with Hayden and Ethan, even as much as it wasn’t their choice to become soldiers, they had a choice in the kind of soldier they want to be. But Yuri? Everything had been decided for her.

What kind of life must that have been?

“It’s never a good thing when the monarch of our nation takes an unhealthy interest in you.” Gale remarked cryptically. “I taught Yuri how to shut off her emotions. In a way, I’m partially responsible for how she turned out. And sometimes, anger can help us survive in a way that hope can’t.”

For several long moments, no one said anything. 

“…Is this what the Effendi is?” Ethan asked at last. “I know how cruel it can be in the militia. I thought I understood it. But maybe… I just didn’t understand enough.” He admitted.

For several long moments, Gale considered his words. “I probably had the same story as most of those in the program,” he said at last. “I met Yuri early on and she helped to keep me sane. So in a way, we’re the lucky ones.” He turned towards Ethan and Hayden. “You never had to do things that you didn’t want to. But what little choice that Yuri did have was taken from her long ago. I think at this point, Yuri doesn’t even remember how to cry anymore. And personally, I would prefer feeling pain than nothing at all. It at least reminds us that we’re still alive.” He concluded finally. “After all, you never know how strong you truly are, until being strong is the only choice you have left.”

✯✯✯ 

Before Yuri even realises it, over a month had passed after that mission, and all too soon, it is time for the final examination.

All was quiet even as Yuri followed Hiram as he walked towards the examination room, with Gale on her right.

Soldiers and trainees alike leapt out of their way as they walked down the passageway, all with either terrified or awed expressions. For once, all three of them were dressed in the black trench coat with Dominion’s crest visible on the back – a pair of criss-crossed swords with a pair of golden weighing scales.

Finally, Hiram came to a stop before a pair of doors that hissed open as he approached with Gale and Yuri, and they stepped through it.

The viewing chamber was located above the examination site where the instructors and soldiers could watch the examinees take their test through the one-way looking glass.

Instructors were already present in the viewing chamber, scribbling on their clipboards, with the head instructor already armed with a communication device. And much to Yuri’s displeasure, she also saw the Effendi along with Camellia Faylan present in the room, standing before the one-way looking glass.

Her former mentor nodded to her in greeting, but otherwise, Camellia said nothing.

And out of the corner of her eye, Yuri spotted Leticia Light as well.

Yuri felt her lips twitch as her eyes met with the brunette woman’s cat-like green eyes for several moments before Leticia looked away again. 

Leticia was the one who had taught her how to kill.

And yet, in certain ways, Leticia was also the first human to ever show her some kindness before Gale had become her friend. Hiram had also told Yuri a long time ago that it had been Leticia who had tipped him off about her whereabouts when Ezekiel had seen it fit to ‘kidnap’ her and Gale. 

Leticia Light might have been the first person who had paved the way to turn Yuri into the assassin that she is today. But she is also the first person who had taught Yuri how to retain some of her emotions.

“So you’re here too, Effendi?” Hiram remarked, his eyes shifting from the Effendi to the normally silent Camellia. “Here to scout, sir?”

“Not in the least.” The Effendi responded. His cold crimson eyes then shifted towards Yuri who didn’t betray any sort of expression. “It’s been a while, Yuri. How is Dominion treating you?”

Yuri’s eye twitched slightly. “…Just fine,” was all that she said even as she made sure to keep Hiram and Gale in between her and the Effendi at all times.

“…Yuri.” Hiram reprimanded in a tone low enough that only Gale and Yuri could hear. The single word was enough for Yuri to know that Hiram didn’t want her to show any ‘insubordination’ towards the Effendi.

“I didn’t say anything.” Yuri said stubbornly, looking away from Hiram.

Gale sighed. 

Honestly, what do Hiram expects when they shove Yuri into the same room as the person who had almost single-handedly destroyed her life had Hiram not stepped in?

Hiram stifled a groan as they approached the viewing glass that showed the examination site below them—an enclosed chamber where the examinees would be taking the final examination. Yuri spotted Ethan and Hayden immediately—both of them obviously nervous by the way they kept checking their weapons and gear over and over.

Even still, they were a fair sight better than most of their fellow examinees—most of who were chatting and joking casually as though they were attending a picnic. Yuri could only shake her head, knowing that more than half of them wouldn’t be leaving the room alive.

As one, Yuri and Gale exchanged grim expressions and then turned their attention back towards the examinees below them.

“So how do you think they will do?” Camellia spoke up for the first time, eyeing the examinees with interest. “Who do you think will pass?”

Gale made a low noise in his throat even as he stared down at the group of students. Even at first glance, most of them didn’t impress him in the least. And he recognised several of them as their former classmates when they were still in the Academy.

“…My money’s on Ethan and Hayden,” was all that Gale said.

✯✯✯ 

Ethan stared up at the hulking mountain dressed in the light blue prison garb that easily towered over them all. Hell, even Marcus, who was easily the tallest person he knew, would look like a dwarf next to this prisoner. And next to Marcus, everyone else might as well be ants crawling on the ground.

“Good afternoon.” One of their instructors said curtly, with a clipboard in his hand, and ignoring the fact that he had a giant of a man just next to him. “This is prisoner 1767. In order to pass the examination, you must kill him. Use everything that you’ve learnt at the Academy up to now. You won’t survive if you don’t. Good luck.”

With those ominous sounding words, the instructor then left the room.

“…He’s joking, right?” Hayden asked Ethan weakly.

Ethan stared at the prisoner who is also unusually ripped and who had an ferocious grin on his face—a by-product of some experimentation, perhaps? Around them, their other classmates were all staring at the prisoner nervously, clutching their weapons. 

“…I seriously doubt so, Hade.”

Now Ethan understood what Yuri and Gale have meant when they kept talking about their final examination. So it was literally a life and death test.

For most of their former classmates, it would be the first time they’d truly take a life. But for Ethan and Hayden, it was a whole different story. And even for those in the Child Soldier Program, taking a life for the first time was the most difficult step to take.

Before Hayden could say anything, the prisoner moved forward with astonishing speed for one of his mass and built, and slammed his fist into the face of one of their classmates—the same idiot whom Yuri had almost killed all those months ago just because he’d said something to set her off.

Ethan winced when he heard the sickening crack of Dan’s nose breaking before the guy was sent flying across the room, impacting with the opposite wall with a resounding crack. 

He didn’t move again.

It however had the instantaneous effect to have the rest of their classmates panicking. Another swing of the prisoner’s beefy arm that is almost as thick as a tree branch sent at least another five of their classmates straight into the wall and meeting the same fate as Dan. One guy was even banging onto the doors of the chamber that was sealed right after their examiner had left, screaming for someone to let him out.

He didn’t last long either after the prisoner punched him straight into the doors, thus leaving him nothing but a splattered mess, with the doors denting in the process.

Ethan stared with almost fascinated horror as one after the other, his classmates were all sent to the Great Beyond. 

He recalled during his early years as a candidate for the Child Soldier Program—even before he’d met Hayden during a time when most of the ‘weak’ and ‘useless’ were made to disappear. It was the ‘weeding out’ process, where only the strongest enter the final phase of the program.

It was only much later after Ethan was in Dominion when he’d learned what had happened to those who have ‘disappeared’—to never be seen again.

“They are expendable tools to the Effendi. To him, there is no such thing as too young. All there is to the Effendi are just the people who are useful to him. That’s all. And yet, is it wrong of us to want to live? To want to continue to exist? You have to decide that, Ethan. Because when the time comes, you have to make a decision—whether you’re willing to become a demon and cast away your own humanity just to able to survive. And if anything, carry on the legacy of those who couldn’t. You will carry their memories. Live and survive, and be a testament to their existence.”

“Oh, come on!” Hayden groaned as he removed his handgun from his side, ignoring the panicked screaming from their classmates who were all dropping like flies due to their flailing. 

The last month and a half after that mission had involved training for their chosen weapons. Hayden actually swore to Ethan one time that he even saw himself training in his dreams. Gale had actually brought Marcus in to help Hayden to control his almost superhuman strength and to also help to train Hayden how to utilise his unusually sharp eyesight.

And if Ethan and Hayden thought that both Gale and Yuri were harsh taskmasters when training them, then Marcus was in a whole different league.

Meanwhile, Ethan was staring at the lifeless bodies of his former classmates who’d panicked when the prisoner had started attacking. Were they truly this weak before? Granted, it wasn’t really a fair match for Ethan and Hayden, who’d gone through Dominion’s version of a training boot camp for the better part of eight months. Even still, wasn’t one of the first things they learned when in the Academy how not to freak out when in a combat situation?

His finely-tuned instincts just about saved Ethan’s life just then, as he ducked and just missed having his head bashed in by the prisoner as the beefy fist swung at the air where his face would have been. Hayden, on the other hand, used his agility and speed to his advantage, only now appreciating how Yuri had beaten that importance into his head for months, by dodging the flurry of fast punches.

Prisoner 1767 roared with maniac laughter, slamming his fists together. “Good! Very good! I feared that I would be almost bored when they told me that I’d be up against a group of wet behind the ears kiddies! But you both! You’re good! You might just give me some entertainment before I kill you!”

Hayden narrowed his eyes. “Don’t count us out just yet,” he warned, releasing the safety on his gun with a light flick of his thumb.

Ethan frowned, glancing at Hayden and then back at 1767. 

“Are you afraid, Ethan? Sometimes, emotion isn’t a weakness. It is what defines us as human. It can be your strength if used properly. Sometimes, anger can help us survive. But so can the feeling of desperately wanting to protect someone.”

That was what Yuri had told him—after that mission when Ethan and Hayden learned more about their female comrade from Gale.

Ethan grimaced as he drew his sword—his real sword—with shaking fingers.

He knew that this day would come after all.

Would he be able to do what he has to do in order to live another day? To live on for the people who could no longer do that?

“Ethan!”

With a loud clang of metal, Ethan brought up his sword to block the fist of the prisoner, with both his arms groaning beneath that strength. Compared to his sparring sessions, this strength was almost nothing. With a grunt, Ethan shoved the fist off his sword, panting slightly as he did so.

Ethan definitely wasn’t planning to die here.

He still had too much to live for.

Besides, he didn’t go through all that torture for eight months only to die.

Ethan glared at the surprised expression of 1767. “Don’t…fuck with me.” Ethan growled low in his throat. “I’m not planning to die here. And if I have to be a demon in order to survive, then so be it!”

Hayden gave a smirk before he dropped to the ground and did a dodge-roll in between the legs of 1767 before getting to his feet quickly, and using his own superhuman strength, gripped hold of the beefy fist of the prisoner and drove his fist into the prisoner’s stomach.

1767 doubled over, wheezing and gasping for breath before his hulking mass toppled over onto the ground with a loud thud.

“Ethan!”

Ethan placed the sharp edge of his sword against the prisoner’s neck. “Give up, or I’ll take off your head,” he warned.

Prisoner 1767 stammered out a barely understandable plea for mercy.

The intercom above their heads blazed to life.

“You must kill this prisoner in order to finish the exam, Ethan.”

…Will you be willing to become a demon just to survive?

Gale’s words echoed in Ethan’s head.

Was he willing to become one? To become like Gale? 

…Like Yuri?

Was he willing to discard his humanity and do what he needs to do in order to survive in this merciless world?

The answer came to him easier than expected.

Yes.

Without a word, Ethan sliced down at the prisoner’s jugular vein.

Blood splattered everywhere.

Ethan bit on his lower lip as the coppery smell of blood drifted into his nostrils, and the crimson liquid splattered onto his clothes and his face. In the silence of the chamber, the gurgling sounds of the prisoner sounded almost loud, staring at Ethan with accusatory eyes, hands clutching at his throat.

Finally, after what seemed like hours, the wheezing sounds of the prisoner faded, but his eyes remained wide opened, staring at Ethan accusatorily, a pool of crimson blood already surrounding the body. 

Across from Ethan, Hayden stared at him, crimson blood also visible on his clothes.

His best friend nodded to him grimly.

…It was official.

They’d both just stepped through the gates of Hell.

“Congratulations. You both pass.”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri found herself heading for Solaris with Gale during their next day off.

Gale and Yuri normally spent their free time on base, much to Hiram’s exasperation and Marcus’ amusement. Hiram had once complained that he’d scheduled off days for them to get some downtime specifically outside! Though after Ezekiel’s entry into Dominion, Yuri had begun to spend as much time outside the Royal City as possible, with Gale accompanying her. 

Since Ethan and Hayden had passed their examination, two months previously, Yuri and Gale spent their time between missions and their own training sessions training up the two newbies to hopefully take a spot as one of the Enforcers soon.

Most of the time, Gale and Yuri spent their time at various eateries in Solaris by talking about anything and everything that has nothing to do with the Effendi, Ezekiel, Dominion or anything related to the Royal City.

This time however, Gale and Yuri headed straight to one of the few weapon dealers in Solaris whom they knew did reputable work.

Solaris is like a market street for underground vendors and such for people on both sides of the law. Those that resided within the underground, the Legion and even those serving the Effendi tends to wander into Solaris from time to time for their ‘services’, though they always made sure to obey the rules of the underground city.

If they don’t, they likely won’t be leaving alive, as the underground gangs ruled Solaris with an iron fist.

It is also like a goldmine of information here, like what Gale had put it once, only if you know where and how to look.

As such, the information brokers that resided in this place pretty much hear everything that goes through the underground channels. And as Dominion’s unofficial intelligence agent, Yuri has quite a few contacts amongst the underground—they sometimes bring her news that otherwise will never reach the ears of either the Effendi or Dominion.

Considering the fact that neither Yuri nor Gale had their weapons brought for maintenance for months—not since Ethan and Hayden joined them—their weapons were long overdue for some care.

No one in Solaris batted an eye as Yuri and Gale walked down the streets of the underground city, heading straight to the same underground shop that they always used.

A young man with a cigarette between his lips nodded to them as they stood at the stepped entrance. The entrance was dark, and the signboard above is old and cracked, and barely legible.

Gale placed a hand on the wall next to the entrance as he peered down into the darkness with a frown on his face.

“He’s down there.” The young man told them, taking a puff on his cigarette. “Go right in.”

“…Thanks.”

Their steps were silent as they walked down the worn stone steps. They felt for the wall with their hands as they descended so that they didn’t trip. Finally, they arrived at the bottom of the stairs, and Yuri led the way into the weapons’ vendor.

The walls and tables in the small space were full of weapons of all kinds—ranging from rifles to handguns and even butterfly knives. There were even grenades, a cannon, and a pair of brass knuckles displayed.

A man in his late thirties was standing behind the shop counter, dismantling a gun. There were already streaks of gray in his black hair, and his white shirt and dark blue overalls had some rips in it. Whatever of his skin that could be seen on the arms between the overalls and the leather gloves were littered with sword and knife scars of all kinds. The most prominent is that of the long scar that reached from his temple all the way to his cheek—narrowly missing his left eye. The man’s blue eyes were sharp and assessing as he eyed the two teens as they walked in.

“Hey Cesar.” Gale greeted with a small smile tugging at the corners of his lips. “It’s been awhile.”

“Here for your usual then?” Cesar smiled at them, causing the long scar to stretch as he did so. “I thought it’d be about time. The last time I performed maintenance on your weapons was nearly five months ago.”

“Well, we’ve been busy.” Yuri coughed.

Cesar raised an almost non-existent eyebrow as he eyed them from head to toe. “Yeah. I can see that. You both look dead on your feet,” he commented wryly. Gale and Yuri exchanged looks. “Let’s see them then.” Cesar said briskly even as Yuri removed her gun and sword, with Gale mimicking her actions.

Cesar quickly set aside the gun that he had been working on before picking up Yuri’s sword, examining it critically as he turned the blade over in his hands, his sharp eyes picking up every single nick and scratch visible in the steel.

“You’ve been using it quite often of late, huh?” Cesar finally tore his eyes away from the sword, looking at Yuri who showed nothing on her face. “There are several nicks in the blade itself. Too many missions?”

“Something like that.” Yuri gave a one-shouldered shrug. “Can it still be fixed?”

“Yeah, I could. That’s why you brought it to me to begin with, right?” Cesar said. He knew that the weapons meant more to them than simple tools—given the extreme care they both lavished on their weapons since the day that he’d met them. “Your guns need some extreme servicing work done on them too, from what I can see. It’ll take me some time though. You want to hang around here and browse through some of my weapons, or take a walk around Solaris until I’m done?”

“Hang around here.” Gale and Yuri said immediately, not that Cesar was surprised.

They would never walk down the streets of Solaris without a weapon, though they weren’t exactly vulnerable even when unarmed. He is probably one of the few who know who they truly are, no thanks to his work on their weapons.

“I’ll go and take a look around at some of the other weapons you have.” Gale remarked even as he walked to some of the display shelves. Though, like every weapons establishment in Solaris, just one item was enough to cost an arm and a leg.

For several long moments, no one said anything even as Cesar brought out a slab of stone and a bottle of oil from under his side of the counter to prepare the swords for sharpening and repair.

The only sounds in the underground shop for the next several minutes are just that of the continuous screeching sounds made as Cesar sharpened the blades on the stone. 

“I wasn’t kidding when I said that you both looked exhausted, you know?” Cesar was the first one to speak, looking at Yuri every now and then as he worked on Yuri’s sword carefully. “Your boss working you too hard, or are you simply volunteering for missions to get away from the place?”

Yuri winced internally. Neither she nor Gale had ever said anything to Cesar about what they did. But the older man seemed to know everything even without them talking about it.

“…Well, something like that.” Yuri said at last, leaning against the counter to watch Cesar at work.

The older man glanced up at Yuri knowingly before returning to his task. “I heard something interesting from one of the information brokers the other day.” Cesar remarked, and Yuri’s ears pricked up. “I heard that the Effendi sent his troops out to the northern region for another case of subjugation. I think it’s Nishka this time.”

Yuri closed her eyes slowly with grief.

Subjugation.

A nicer term that they used to describe the Effendi’s tendency to destroy towns and countless civilian lives just because they’d displeased him in some way. Just because he could.

How many towns did that make now?

How many civilians had died?

How many…—? How many children were taken from their families to be enlisted into the Child Soldier Program against their will?

Yuri said nothing for several moments even as she stared at the paint peeling from a nearby wall—almost as if seeing something interesting there.

Even if she went to Nishka, what could she do?

She couldn’t change anything.

She was completely and utterly powerless.

Her entire life had been mapped out for her from the very beginning. Joining Dominion was the first decision that she’d made for herself, and from there, she had gradually started to retake control.

But since Ezekiel had re-entered their lives, it is like she had gone back to how she had once been again.

And yet, if she did nothing at all, did that mean that there would be yet another group of children who’d end up like her…? Like them? In maybe a year or two, most of them would likely end up dead anyway because of the ‘weeding out’ process.

“…You going to stop it?” Cesar’s voice broke Yuri out of her thoughts, and she looked up only to see Cesar now working on their guns by dismantling it piece by piece. She blinked. Has she really been that out of her thoughts?

Yuri looked over her shoulder only to see Gale standing at one of the shelves, staring at something that she couldn’t see, before turning her attention back to Cesar.

“…I might just take a look,” was all that she said.

Cesar glanced at her knowingly, before returning his attention to the gun currently in his hands, carefully taking it apart. “You know, I don’t understand you sometimes. You obviously don’t agree with them. Why are you still with them then? You can always leave if you don’t like it.”

Yuri closed her eyes briefly; knowing whom Cesar was referring to. No one speaks the name of the Effendi or even those under his service in Solaris if they could help it. Not even Gale and Yuri did whenever they came.

“…It’s not that simple.” Yuri admitted at last, looking really exhausted. She is only fifteen. And yet, she is already sick and tired of life. 

Cesar made a small noise in his throat. “The most difficult decisions in life never are,” he remarked before handing Yuri back her weapons—both refined and strengthened. “You only live once, Yuri. So make it count. Don’t leave behind any regrets. You know this more than anyone else.”

Yuri closed her eyes briefly. “…Yeah.”

Gale chose that moment to approach. “Are we done?” he questioned, looking at Yuri curiously before looking at Cesar.

“Yeah, we are.” Yuri answered before she noticed a rather worn book in his right hand. “What’s that?”

“Oh.” Gale looked at the book. “If this is for sale, Cesar, I would like to buy it.” He told the weapons dealer. “A birthday present for you—though I know that neither of us even knew our real birthdays to begin with.” He told Yuri, looking a little sombre at the last part.

Yuri took the worn leather bound book from Gale curiously. Only the black market vendors still manage to get their hands on things like this.

Whenever one of the Enforcers went out on a mission and happened to come across a black market vendor selling books, they would try to get one for Yuri.

The book that Gale was holding had an image of two children sitting back to back on the worn, red leather cover, with the words of the title above the image—‘Entwined Fates’.

And even as Yuri turned the cover, she saw what must have been the original owner’s name written inside. Though the ink was so smudged that Yuri could only make out a few of the letters.

Y☐☐ia M☐☐☐ealis

“Is this for sale, Cesar?” Gale was asking Cesar, and Yuri snapped her head up only to see Cesar surveying them with amusement.

“No charge.” The weapons dealer waved a hand at them. “I just found it one day a few years ago. It looked interesting, so I took it with me. If you want it, you can have it. I’m sure that the previous owner must have wanted the book to be read instead of have it lying in my shop collecting dust.”

Gale nodded to Cesar. “My thanks,” he murmured before collecting and holstering his weapons. “So where to now?” He asked his partner even as Yuri slipped the book into the pouch by her side. She’d most likely spend half the night reading the book instead of sleeping. “We’ve still got several hours at least before we’re due to return. Want to go back now?”

Yuri frowned at Gale. Did he really think it was likely that she’s in that great of a hurry to return to the Royal City and probably see Ezekiel and that infuriating face of his?

“…No.” Yuri shook her head as they left Cesar’s shop, ascending the steps once again. “I kind of feel like taking a small side trip to the northern region.”

✯✯✯ 

Gale knew that he should really be doing something.

Like maybe taking Yuri away from the scene.

Because if he felt like the worst monster in the world as he watched the raging flames burn the small town, and heard the screams that echoed through the air, then he was pretty certain that Yuri was feeling a hundred times worse.

It didn’t take Gale long to figure out what Yuri has in mind when she suddenly decided to take a side trip to the northern region. As a rule, both of them tended to avoid the rural provinces like the plague when not sent there on missions, as it lessened the chances of them accidentally stumbling across another terrible scene of soldiers executing the Effendi’s idea of ‘justice’ and ‘punishment’.

Gaia knew that both of them have executed it themselves enough times in the name of the Effendi.

“…Subjugation.” Gale murmured, his tone dark even as he had to clench his hands into fists by his sides to prevent himself from doing something stupid as both teens hid within the trees’ shadows to prevent themselves from getting spotted. “The Jaeger Unit.”

“The Effendi’s subjugation force.” Yuri remarked, having recognised the black uniforms. Unlike the normal Effendi’s Guard however, the members of the Jaeger Unit took orders from their commander alone.

In that sense, they were similar to Dominion.

Gale glanced at his partner, hoping that Yuri wasn’t going to do anything stupid. “…Yuri, we can’t do anything here,” he said carefully. “The Jaeger Unit cannot be underestimated. You know that.”

Yuri grimaced even as she stared at the orange-red flames flickering and licking at the houses and the small town of Nishka.

Don’t avert your eyes. Face up to it.

Giles Graham’s words came to the surface of her mind.

Is this what he had meant?

Is this why he had left?

A low rustling of leaves not far from them caused both Yuri and Gale to tense. The latter immediately tugged the younger girl’s wrist and hid them both behind the nearest oak tree.

It wouldn’t do to have the Jaeger Unit stumbling upon them here after all.

For several moments, both Enforcers scanned the darkness.

Nothing.

Gale was about to move, to get out of Nishka as quickly as they could when a firm tug on his wrist stopped him. The taller boy looked down at Yuri only to see a frown on her face as she squinted into the darkness, and he tensed once more.

“…What?” Gale whispered, inwardly hoping that the silence of the forest wouldn’t carry their voices across the night.

“Someone’s coming.” Yuri whispered back, squinting her eyes further into the darkness and frowning, also tightening her grip on Gale’s wrist. “I’m not sure if it’s a member of Jaeger or not however.”

Good Gaia, they’d have a lot of explaining to do to Hiram if they’d run into a member of the Jaeger Unit!

“Shh!” Yuri hushed suddenly.

Gale strained his ears; he could vaguely pick up snippets of a conversation before the words sounded clearer.

“…Not dying on me… Move… Jaeger…”

And then, both Enforcers soon caught the sight of a blond teen maybe a few years older than them staggering through the woods, trying to support a profusely bleeding teen. He fell to his knees, jostling his friend off his shoulder and causing the unconscious teen to land with a thud on the forested ground.

“Please… Come on, Nick!” The blond pleaded, shaking his unconscious friend. “You’re not dying on me—I won’t let you! Don’t leave me too! Please wake up!”

Yuri felt a lump form in her throat as she continued hiding behind the oak tree with Gale, watching.

Cesar’s words came to the fore of her mind— You only live once, Yuri. So make it count. Don’t leave behind any regrets.

Yuri closed her eyes. Honestly, she was tired. She’s sick of it—she’s sick of continually dancing to that man’s tunes all the time.

Not anymore.

Hiram had taught her to think for herself, and to do what she believes was right. Maybe it was about high time she started putting his teachings into action.

Hearing another plea from the distraught blond teen, Yuri made up her mind.

Fuck it.

“Yuri?”

Yuri ignored Gale and moved from behind the tree. The blond looked up from his unconscious friend with a panicked and furious expression as she approached, hands currently on his friend’s shoulders.

“Who—”

“Calm down.” Yuri said curtly as she cast a cursory glance over the unconscious teen. Deep sword gashes and wounds covered his body, and he looks extremely pale. There were even serious looking burn wounds visible. It is going to be dangerous if he loses any more blood. “Gale, get over here!”

“Damn it.” Gale sighed with frustration as he left his hiding place. He knew that nothing he could say would change Yuri’s mind. 

“Who are you both?” The blond spluttered, staring at them like he’d just seen a ghost. “You’re not from Jaeger.”

“We’ll explain things later.” Yuri said, glancing up at the teen. “Right now your friend needs our help. Where were you heading with him?”

“There’s a cave nearby. I doubt that anyone but the Nishka natives knows about it.” The blond croaked.

“Lead the way.” Gale said promptly, slinging one of the arms of the unconscious and heavily injured teen around his shoulders and lifting him easily. The blond hesitated, looking into the direction where Nishka is burning with hatred and anger visible in his eyes. “He’s your friend, isn’t he?” He gestured towards the unconscious teen. “Is your revenge or your friend’s life more important?”

“I…” The blond looked conflicted before his shoulders sagged and he then moved, leading the way.

Yuri looked back over her shoulder at the faint orange-red glows of fire that she could see in the distance, and she felt her heart clench.

“…Yeah. I can no longer continue lying to myself.” Yuri whispered.

“Yuri?”

“Coming.”

✯✯✯ 

The cave that the blond had led them to was well concealed, and if the teen hadn’t pointed it out to them, both Enforcers wouldn’t have spotted it.

Once inside, it wasn’t that difficult for Yuri to stop the bleeding of the unconscious dark haired teen, and bandage his wounds. She had used up the bandages in the pack that she had with her by the time that she’s done.

“I’ve stopped the bleeding and had disinfect his wounds as best as I could. He’s going to be fine now. But you should still bring him to a medic or a doctor—preferably one in Solaris.” Yuri turned towards the blond who had been hovering uneasily near her throughout the entire time when she’s tending to his friend.

It is dark in the cave, with the only lights visible being that from the emergency torch that Yuri had used to see what she’s doing when treating the wounds of the unconscious teen as well as the light from the full moon outside.

“So…” The blond stared at Yuri for a long time after being reassured that his friend wouldn’t die. “Who are you? You’re not from the Jaeger Unit, and the soldiers of the Guard wouldn’t be concerned about the lives of the citizens. So I’m assuming… Dominion?”

Yuri’s eyes shifted to the blond. “You’re a sharp one,” she remarked. “What’s your name?”

“…Alec.” He answered before his eyes flickered towards his unconscious friend. “That’s Nicholas.”

“…Yuri.” Yuri said after a slight pause. “And my partner’s Gale.” She gestured towards the mouth of the cave where Gale had exited moments prior to take a call. There was silence between them both for several moments. “What are you going to do now?”

Alec fidgeted with his fingers. “…I don’t know,” he admitted, broken. “I’m honestly surprised that we managed to escape from the Jaeger Unit. They’re a ruthless and bloodthirsty bunch.” He glanced at Yuri. “…Just like Dominion.” 

A muscle in Yuri’s cheek twitched, but otherwise, she gave no reaction that she’d heard Alec’s words. 

Honestly, with the renewed negativity towards Dominion of late, especially since Ezekiel had joined, Yuri was honestly surprised that Alec didn’t want to kill either herself or Gale.

“…Why is someone like you in Dominion?” Yuri looked up as Alec began speaking once more. The blond wasn’t looking at her, but at the unconscious Nicholas. “You don’t seem like a bad person to me.”

Yuri looked at Nicholas. “…I don’t know,” she admitted at last. “I’m just…tired. When it comes down to it, all that we do is just to survive. Nothing more than that.” Yuri stared at her clenched fist. “I can try to define my actions to you, but I wouldn’t. I don’t wholly agree with what the Effendi is doing, but we didn’t have a choice—none of us did. And by the time we realise what exactly it is that we’re doing, it’s already too late. I looked at myself properly for the first time in years, and I then realised that I didn’t like what I had become.” Yuri let out a huff. “Probably, the only decision that I had been able to make is to join Dominion. It is pretty much the lesser of the two evils. We have rules to follow in there—a strict creed if you will.”

“Yeah. I’ve heard.” Alec admitted. “You Dominion guys always got us confused. We never know if you’re the ‘good’ guys or the ‘bad’ guys.” He drew circles in the air as he spoke. “But of late, it seems like Dominion has been getting some attention—and it’s not all good.”

Yuri shrugged. “It’s changed,” she admitted. “It’s soon come to such a point that I’ve seen and done things that I would rather forget.”

“The Effendi…” Alec’s tone was dark. “Just what is he trying to do?”

Yuri let out a bitter laugh. “Who knows?” she said. “Let me put it this way: do you think that what the Effendi is doing is right?”

“Of course not!”

Yuri stared straight at Alec, and he felt himself freeze as he met those assessing silver-blue eyes. It almost felt like every thought that he’d ever had was laid bare to the younger girl.

He could understand now why she was a member of Dominion.

“But in the eyes of Adaytren’s law, the Effendi’s way is ‘just’, right?” Yuri remarked. 

“He’s the one who made those laws to suit his means!” Alec spluttered.

“That’s exactly it.” Yuri interrupted, almost as if she knew what Alec was going to say. “He’s the one in power, so he made those laws. Reason is defined by one’s own beliefs, and law is made law through power. It’s the ones in power that decides what is ‘right’ or ‘wrong’. It’s the same everywhere else. And as much as you’d like to believe otherwise, neither Gale nor myself agree with what the Effendi is doing any more than you do, but we are in no position to dictate. It’s been that way since forever. There isn’t anything that we can do.”

Alec was silent for several moments, trying to think of the situation from Yuri’s position. It was true that life in Adaytren was particularly hard for the common citizens. But at least they had freedom. They could make their own decisions. But for the soldiers serving the Effendi, it seemed to be vastly different. They could only obey.

“…It doesn’t have to be that way, you know?” Alec said at last, lifting his green eyes up to meet Yuri’s silver-blue ones. “You don’t have to do what you’re doing if you don’t like it. You can always leave.”

Yuri sighed. What was it with everyone around her telling her that lately?

“It’s not that easy.”

Alec shrugged. “The most important decisions in life never are,” he remarked.

Yuri gave a bitter chuckle even as she turned her gaze back to the unconscious Nicholas. “It’s the law of the jungle out there: the strong live, the weak die. It is pretty sad if you just stop to think about it.” Alec shuffled uncomfortably—he’d heard something similar before. “You shouldn’t be so trusting of others, Alec—that’s a lesson that you could do to learn if you hope to survive long.”

“People can’t live if they can’t put their trust in others.” Alec said immediately. “It’s a sad existence—to be forever alone. Aren’t you lonely? Don’t you trust Gale?”

Yuri’s eyes widened a fraction. “…I do. With my life,” she said. “It’s just…” She struggled with her words before her shoulders slumped and she gave a bitter laugh. “Why am I telling you this anyway?” She shook her head. “People always have a tendency to betray others. It’s a never ending cycle. Relationships are pretty simple. Humans make it complicated.” Alec felt a pang of sorrow as he heard that. It was almost like Yuri had seen so much evil in her life that she couldn’t believe in the small goodness that still existed. 

“We’re all just people living in the same nation. We all go through life with the same struggles, the same heartbreak… So why does it always comes down to war and more bloodshed?” Yuri murmured. “The world is cruel, ugly and pitiful.” She looked at Alec. “If you still have someone important to you, take care of them. If you wait until their time has come, and you’re clinging onto their cold dead bodies, then it’s too late.”

Alec was silent, his green eyes going towards Nicholas—now his only surviving friend. And for what? Because Nishka had offended the Effendi by refusing to surrender the young women of their village?

Alec had heard horror stories in the past of several villages falling to the same fate because they’d offended the Effendi in some way. But never had he once thought that Nishka would fall to the same fate.

It was always something that happened to other people and other villages. Nothing to do with him. It made Alec ashamed for a moment—before tonight, whatever happened to others, he would never have cared. In fact, even after tonight, he likely wouldn’t either if Yuri and Gale hadn’t helped them.

Murder. Kidnap. Assault. Slave trade. Those were generally left to the distant realm of the ‘other’—something that they would only hear about through rumours or news from the underground grapevine. 

Alec stared at the sleeping Nicholas and then back to his hands that are still covered with already crusting blood and dirt. 

Could he…do something about the situation in Adaytren? 

Footsteps echoed in the ensuing silence just then, and both Yuri and Alec looked up only to see Gale entering the cave once more, a grim expression on his face, still clutching his phone in one hand.

“Yuri, we have to return soon.” Gale told his partner. “Karen’s buying us some time—especially after we made the trip out here. But Ezekiel is going to get suspicious.”

Yuri nodded before slowly getting to her feet. “…Okay,” she answered even as she turned her attention back towards Alec. “Be careful out there. Fight and survive.”

Alec bowed his head to Yuri. “…You have my thanks for tonight,” he said. “I won’t forget this.”

A small smile graced Yuri’s face before it disappeared as quickly as it had appeared. “In several ways, you have it better than we do,” she murmured, a hint of longing and envy clear in her voice. “You have freedom. You have the capability to make your own decisions. We don’t.”

“Why did you help us?” Alec asked.

Yuri looked away. It was Gale who spoke for her, and he looked almost regretful as he did.

“Because unlike us, you could pick your own path.” Gale said. “Choose the path you want to follow, and stick to it to the end.”

“I will.” Alec swore. “I won’t look away anymore.”

Yuri looked as if she’d just been slapped in the face with those words, and Gale had an odd expression. 

“…Yeah, you do that.” Yuri managed to speak at last. “It might just help you to survive.”






10

YURI, THE PRESENT


“Courage is not having the strength to go on; it is going on when you don’t have the strength.” - Theodore Roosevelt

✯✯✯ 

Orion kept his word to Liam—he’d sent word via a messenger pigeon just when the members of Blade would be appearing in Solaris to stock up on their supplies. 

Liam had prepared himself to meet with the Blade members, and had even rehearsed over and over what he was going to say to them, and how he’d ask them for their help. Unfortunately however, Lieben had informed him of an urgent mission just a day before the meeting. Thus, Liam was forced to delegate the meeting to his team members instead.

Thus, Tracey Austin and Jared Hale were both double and triple checking their weapons and trying to get used to the idea of being out of uniform whilst on a mission—even if it is technically an unauthorised mission.

Joshua was present when Liam had given the pair their assignment—make contact with the members of Blade and ask for their assistance. But try not to piss them off. Liam had actually directed the last part at Jared, much to the latter’s annoyance.

“So you’re going to meet with Blade?” Chris enquired, absently packing together a stack of files at his desk, ready to head off for a meeting with Joshua.

“Uh huh.” Tracey mused absently, unnecessarily double checking that her daggers are sharpened and in their respective holsters, and that her gun is loaded. “Liam’s orders. I only hope that they’re at least willing to listen to us.” She admitted, biting on her lip with concern.

“You’ve met them before, right, Chris?” Jared enquired curiously, tightening the straps on his gloves before turning his attention towards his teammate. “What are they like?”

Chris was silent for several moments as he busied himself with checking the files in front of him before he spoke again. “They aren’t a bad lot,” he said at last. “Unlike some of the underground gangs that we’ve dealt with in the past, they aren’t unreasonable. They have their own morals—lines that they wouldn’t cross. But make no mistake, they aren’t people whom you want to piss off.” He warned. “So try not to make them angry. I’m talking to you especially, Jared. Keep a hold on your temper.” Chris warned.

“I know that!” Jared hissed like an angry cat, much to Tracey’s amusement. “Liam and Joshua have repeated that to me countless times! I don’t need you to start too!”

Chris almost groaned. He really felt for Tracey—being sent on this particular assignment with Jared. Liam seriously needed to consider sending Jared to some anger management classes.

“…Tracey, keep an eye on him.” Chris murmured, and Tracey nodded with a grin. “Also, don’t be too shocked once you see her.” He added, and both Tracey and Jared stared at him with a raised brow each.

“Who?”

Before Chris could answer, Joshua poked his head into the office. “Chris, you coming? The Commander is waiting for us to start the meeting.”

“Yes, I’m coming.” Chris answered hurriedly before scooping up all the files into the crook of his arm and using his free hand to balance them, turning towards Tracey and Jared once more, “Give my regards to them.” He told the confused duo before heading out of the office after Joshua. “Joshua, wait for me!”

The sound of hurried footsteps soon faded, and Jared and Tracey stared at each other with confusion.

“What do you think he means?” Jared managed to ask at last, and Tracey shrugged.

“Who knows?”

✯✯✯ 

“You three sure have gotten some unwanted attention on yourselves for the past week or so,” was the first thing out of Cesar’s mouth the moment that Yuri and Hayden walked into his shop to restock their supplies.

Hayden grinned at Cesar cheekily even as he handed a list of the things they needed to the man, who soon started gathering the items. “I’m assuming that word has gotten around?” Hayden enquired.

Cesar snorted with amusement as he placed several boxes of gun cartridges on the table before turning his back towards them and busied himself with a carton on his side. “Understatement of the year,” he answered. “Whenever something has to do with either Blade or the Undertakers, news travels fast—especially around these parts. You kids should know that by now.”

Yuri exchanged a wry look with Hayden. “Has the Guard been through here?” she enquired, and the playful atmosphere ended abruptly, replaced by a tense atmosphere.

There was silence for several moments before Cesar turned to face them, dumping several brown paper packages on the counter—their regular medical supplies. “They’ve been through a few times making enquiries.” Cesar answered. “Those visits have stopped of late—they probably don’t want to risk pissing us off. I don’t think I have to tell you three this, but be careful.” He warned.

“We will.” Hayden promised.

Yuri felt her phone vibrating in her pocket and fished it out, raising an eyebrow at the name currently on the screen. “Sorry, I’ve got to take this.” She then turned and left the shop. “What is it, Alec…?”

Her voice trailed off.

Cesar had a raised eyebrow even as he worked on putting a handgun together. “Sure seems to have lightened up a lot compared to when I’d first met her,” he remarked. “You wouldn’t know she was the same person if you compared her as she is now to how she was before.”

Hayden grinned. “Yeah. Alec said the same thing,” he mused. “And honestly, I think I prefer Yuri to how she is now compared to how she had been before.”

✯✯✯ 

“A Legion agent, you say?” Yuri frowned as she stood outside Cesar’s shop, staring skywards. The skies are also turning a light grey, with threat of rain. “And you say they seek our assistance?”

Alec sighed from the other end of the line. “Yeah. They’ve already approached me, but you know my stance on the Legion. I’d rather not involve myself. Nothing good ever comes of tangling with the Legion.”

Yuri’s eyelid twitched. “So you saw it fit to send them our way instead?” she grumbled. “I don’t like them anymore than you do, Alec!”

Alec chuckled. “He might be different from most of those idiots in there,” he said at last. “He has never once sold out anyone from the underground as far as I know. This is just my hunch talking, but I think we can trust him.”

Yuri raised a brow. “He must be something if you’re saying so,” she said in disbelief. “But I’ll decide for myself if I actually get to meet him.”

Alec was silent for several moments before he spoke again. “…While we’re on that note, there’s something curious about this agent,” he said, and Yuri frowned. “That guy… He looks a lot like you. Do you have a relative that you’ve never told me about?” Alec sounded confused.

“No, I don’t.” Yuri answered immediately, then frowned. “Just how alike are we talking about exactly?” she questioned incredulously. Alec was never one to exaggerate. 

There was an exasperated sigh on Alec’s end of the line. “Like a mirror image,” he answered. “He could have passed off as you. I almost had a heart attack when I first saw him.”

Yuri’s brow only rose further with Alec’s words. “…I’ve got to meet this guy for myself,” she said at last. “What’s his name again, Alec?”

“L—”

“Yuri.” Hayden walked out of Cesar’s shop just then, carrying various bags and a curious look.

Yuri nodded to Hayden before turning her attention back towards her phone call with Alec. “Alec, I got to go. I’ll talk to you again.” Click.

“What did Alec want?” Hayden asked with a frown. 

“Nothing much.” Yuri shook her head before a bird’s cry overhead caught her attention, and she looked upwards just in time to see a brown and white eagle-hawk fly overhead. She narrowed her eyes as she followed the hawk’s path only to see it disappear behind a tree at the nearby hilltop.

“Yuri?”

“Hey, do you mind taking the bags back to the car?” Yuri questioned, “I’ll be right back.”

✯✯✯ 

The crunch of grass beneath boots was the only sound as Yuri moved across the hilltop, walking towards the crooked pine tree growing precariously by the edge of the hilltop that also allows one to look over all of Solaris.

A lean young man with raven hair was standing by the tree with his back towards Yuri. He neither said anything nor moved even as Yuri stood next to him.

“…It’s been awhile, Gale.” Yuri was the first one to break the silence, finally turning to look at her old partner straight in the eye.

A small smile graced Gale’s face before it disappeared as quickly as it had appeared. “You’ve been gaining some attention lately,” he remarked. “Though I understand why.”

“Look, let’s cut to the chase.” Yuri interrupted. “You came here for a reason. I know for one that the Effendi has been keeping a particularly close eye on Hiram and Dominion for the past few years. Personally, I’m surprised that they didn’t follow you here.”

Gale shrugged. “Once an Enforcer, always an Enforcer.” He sighed. “…Hiram sent me.” Gale said at last. “The Effendi is real pissed, Yuri. Neither Hiram nor myself wants anything to happen to either of you. If you come back now—”

“You know I can’t do that.” Yuri interrupted. “I made my choice years ago. So did Ethan and Hayden. You too. We know the consequences of our actions. And I told you back then. I’m done with following orders. I’m done with being the Effendi’s attack dog.” Yuri let out a breath and shook her head. “If I had to make a choice between dying free or living as a caged bird, I’d rather die free. I bore everything for as long as I could back then. I turned a blind eye when the Effendi’s actions got worse. I looked away when Ezekiel started dragging our name through the mud. And I did it again when we were sent to destroy Llyn and execute Giles Graham just because he did what he believes is right.” Yuri shook her head. “I’m tired, Gale. I refuse to look away again. I made my choice three years ago. I do not regret it. I do not desire power. What I want is freedom.”

Gale was silent for several moments before he let out a long sigh. “I expected this when I came here, and I told Hiram as much,” he murmured. “Back then, you held no hesitation in every single action and decision, and I wanted to see that again. It’s the only way you can face the Effendi. Do you remember what Hiram had taught us? ‘If you aren’t ready to sacrifice everything, then you can’t change anything at all’.”

Yuri’s thoughts turned to nostalgia. Gale had always been like that. He had always watched out for her ever since they were kids. Even back when she had broken Ethan and Hayden out from the lockdown, he had been the one to cover their tracks.

It was nearly a marvel that no one had realised that Gale had a hand in helping them to escape. If anyone had, then prison would have been the least of his worries.

“You never change.” Yuri managed a small smile.

“Right back at you.” Gale retorted. “Even back when we were kids, even when the others ganged up on you, you never took it lying down. You never backed down. If you had to head to the infirmary after that, you always made sure that you aren’t the only one going.”

“Only the strong survives here.” Yuri stated. A simple fact.

Gale sighed. “Isn’t that the truth?” he mused. Honestly, Yuri wasn’t the only tired one. He had no idea just how much longer he could continue hiding Soma and keep him safe from the hands of Ezekiel and the Effendi. 

Gale let out a huff, stuffing his hands deep into his pockets. “I think that might just be the reason why Hiram looked at you so long ago, and decided that you were what he wanted for Dominion. He might just be right. You might just be the one to save this nation.”

“I’m not as noble as that.” Yuri said immediately. She tensed before she sighed, letting her shoulders fall. “My hands are too stained with blood. Do you know what’s scary, Gale?” She looked at Gale. “The scariest thing about killing people is getting used to it.”

Gale gave a start—he remembered Yuri saying something similar before she had defected. 

When had he stopped feeling? When had Yuri stopped?

The older boy sighed before taking a peek at his watch. He frowned, knowing that staying any longer would result in difficult questions when he returned to the Royal City.

“I have to go.” Gale said regretfully. “I doubt that I have to say this, but be careful out there, Yuri. And watch your back.” He warned.

Yuri made a noise in her throat as she looked upwards at the skies even as Gale left the area. “What are you asking me to do, Hiram?” she whispered. “Save this nation? What is there left to save?” She gave a bitter chuckle. “At this point, is it even worth saving?” She whispered.

There was no answer.

✯✯✯ 

Yuri spied them the instant she walked into the rundown café in Solaris. She’d almost walked back out again when she’d clapped eyes on the pair who stared at her like they’d seen a ghost.

“Two coffees.” Yuri told the bored-looking barista behind the counter who is currently leafing through an out-dated copy of the newspaper—one of the few literary things left in Adaytren that isn’t banned. Hayden would no doubt need a cup of coffee to keep himself awake as they make their way back to Allerton, and she might as well get a cup for herself as well.

“‘cuse me.” A voice spoke from behind Yuri, and the raven-haired youth scowled internally as she turned to look over her shoulder to see the same Legion pair whom she’d spotted in a corner. “I’m Tracey Austin.” The female introduced herself with a voice low enough that only Yuri could hear. The redhead then gestured towards the scowling male next to her who is looking everywhere but at her and his companion. “Jared Hale. Can we have a word?”

Yuri eyed the pair up and down. “You will speak whether I agree or not anyway.” Yuri retorted, and Tracey looked slightly taken aback at the hostility. “So shoot. You’ve got until my coffee arrives.”

“We’re from the Legion.” Tracey clearly seemed to be the pair’s spokesperson. Yuri shot her a dirty look that suggested that Tracey had just said something stupid.

“I know that. It isn’t really that difficult to tell.” Yuri said as if speaking to someone particularly slow in the head. “Get to the point.”

Just how long was her coffee going to take?

Tracey and Jared exchanged looks. “Our leader sent us here.” Jared spoke this time, eyeing Yuri warily. Her body posture was casual, almost slouching, with her fingers drumming onto the surface of the counter in a steady rhythm, but neither Legion agent was fooled. The girl in front of them would be ready to leap into combat at any given moment. “He said that someone named Alec said that you could help us.”

 “Alec wouldn’t say something like that,” Yuri frowned.

Tracey noticed how red Jared’s face was getting and warned him with her eyes not to fly off the handle. “Actually, according to our team leader, this Alec said that you know more than you let on,” she said, discretely stepping on Jared’s foot before he could put his foot into his mouth. “He said that you could help us.” Tracey added almost hopefully.

Yuri stared at the ineligible menu visible on the wall behind the barista—as though seeing something interesting there. “The Legion has given me no reason to trust them,” she said at last, turning to face Tracey and Jared. “And your track record with the people of the underground isn’t exactly clean, and doesn’t really instil a great deal of confidence in you.” Tracey flinched and Jared looked away, ashamed. “Tell me, how many people have the Legion sold out just because it suits your means?”

Tracey flushed with shame at that comment.

Jared opened his mouth and gave a sudden start when there was a loud screech, and a dark blue car came to a sudden halt just next to the open doorway of the café. A panicked Hayden was already out of the car and hurtling towards a surprised Yuri even before the car had fully stopped.

“Yuri! We need to go! Now!” Hayden barked, eyes darting everywhere nervously, with a mixed expression of fury and panic on his face.

Yuri stared at Hayden for just a moment before she was spurred into action. The pair immediately ran towards the dark blue car, with Yuri pushing Hayden across to the passenger’s seat, slipping herself behind the wheel.

“Hey! Your coffees!” The barista hollered at Yuri, holding two paper mugs in either hand. “You hadn’t paid for it!”

“Sorry! I’ll pay for it later!”

For several moments, Tracey and Jared forgot what they were supposed to do.

“Hey! Get in!”

A shout from Yuri roused the Legion agents. They quickly snapped to attention and were just as quick to get into the back seats of the car.

“Who the hell are they?” Hayden spluttered as Yuri backed the car up and floored it. Before either Tracey or Jared even knew what was happening, the car had raced towards one of the main roads that lead out of Solaris.

“What…is going on?” Tracey managed to ask at last.

Two pairs of eyes turned expectantly towards Hayden, who kept looking behind them every now and again, an anxious expression on his face, half hanging out of the passenger-side window. 

“Let’s get out of here.” Hayden said, pulling his head back in, a grim expression on his face. “I was fucking recognised!” Yuri is starting to slow down. “And my recommendation is to get out of here as fast as we can.”

A muscle in Yuri’s cheek twitched and she snapped her gaze towards Hayden. “By who?”

“Ezekiel.” Hayden spat the name out with venom. 

Yuri’s eyes widened a fraction, and both Jared and Tracey visibly paled at the name of the crazy scientist. The one person that had red flags against his name—even amongst the underground circle, and for good reason.

It says something about that man if even the underground circle preferred to avoid him at all costs.

The sound of sirens broke through the air, and it was Yuri’s turn to pale.

“Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit!” Yuri muttered before pressing down harder on the accelerator, uncaring that they’re currently hurtling down a people-only street in Solaris, honking loudly at all the pedestrians to get out of their way.

“Um…? This is Solaris, so shouldn’t you be careful—”

“We’ll explain it to them later. They’ll understand.” Hayden interrupted Tracey, and looked back towards the two in the back seats. “Legion agents, I assume?” He stated more than questioned. “All questions can wait for later. We’re getting out of here. Yuri, speed up!”

“I’m going as fast as I can!” Yuri snapped, eyes alternating between the rear view mirror and the road in front of her as she weaved dangerously amongst Solaris’ streets. In the back seats, Tracey and Jared hung on for dear life. For several moments, both Legion agents prayed to Gaia that Yuri’s driving skills turned out to be as good as she was in combat.

Hayden gave out a loud groan and then a growl when the sharp cracks of gunshots echoed in the air, and the left wing mirror exploded into smithereens. Yuri growled out loud even as her grip over the steering wheel tightened.

“He’s brought the Guard with him!” Hayden growled. “What the hell are they doing in Solaris? Are they from the Pursuer Division?” He stuck his head out of the side passenger window only to duck back in when a bullet narrowly missed him.

“Are they shooting at us? They have guns?” Tracey yelped. Shouldn’t Solaris be a place where even the Effendi’s forces couldn’t do as they pleased? What was going on here?

“They’re not the only ones with guns.” Jared growled. He met Hayden and Yuri’s eyes in the mirror and all three nodded as one.

Yuri scowled and hits the steering wheel with the heel of her left hand out of frustration as she looked over her shoulder to see one of the black army cars with the visible emblem of the Guard in the distance. “Hayden, take the wheel!” Yuri ordered. She grabbed Hayden’s shoulder and all but pulled him into the driver’s seat as she swapped seats with him, not releasing her foot off the accelerator until Hayden is in the driver’s seat.

The car swerved dangerously for several moments before Hayden regained control of the vehicle and stepped on the accelerator. 

“Tell me that you can drive!” Jared shouted, looking rather pale as he pulled a gun from his side holster and released the safety on it quickly. “And tell me that we won’t crash!”

“Take them out!”

Meanwhile, Yuri ignored the crisis happening between Jared and Hayden as she poked her head out through the passenger window, taking no notice of the bullets flying through the air near her and shooting at the pursuing cars.

“Go through the alley! We’ll be able to lose them that way!”

Tracey yelped as Hayden turned sharply towards the right, sending her hurtling sideways into Jared, and making her fumble with her gun. The sunlight vanished as they went through the dark alleys of Solaris, sending crates and boxes flying as they did so.

“Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit!” Hayden muttered the curse like a mantra, keeping his eyes on the terrain ahead.

Tracey could still hear the sirens, but they were gradually getting fainter. The buildings were starting to thin out and get fewer the further they went. And before Tracey even knew it, they were away from Solaris and the main road, and were instead surrounded by fields and hills.

Yuri kept looking back even as the scenery flew past them. Finally, her shoulders relaxed and she slumped into the seat. “All right. I think we’ve lost them,” she said at last.

Hayden immediately stepped on the brake, almost sending them all hurtling through the windshield. For several moments, all of them breathed heavily, trying to regain their bearings before Hayden got the car moving again, but at a normal speed this time.

“…I wonder if Ethan and the other two…?” Hayden murmured to Yuri who shook her head.

“No. They’ll be fine.” Yuri reassured. “Probably just a coincidence that they ran into us here. No secret that we frequent Solaris anyway. Just a case of bad luck I think.” She frowned.

“Freaking bad luck.” Hayden scoffed.

The car remained silent for several moments. Neither Tracey nor Jared had the guts to open their mouths to raise questions.

Finally, after about half-an-hour, Tracey broke the silence. “…You mentioned Ezekiel earlier,” she said, and in the front, both Yuri and Hayden blinked and stared at her in the windshield mirror. The road was pretty much empty, and there is nothing but just barren fields for miles. The car that they’re riding in gave out loud clunks and jerks every few moments—evident of the damage caused. “Are you referring to Ezekiel of Dominion?”

Next to Tracey, Jared scoffed. “Who else would they refer to?” he retorted. Honestly, sometimes, Tracey really asks questions to the obvious.

“…Is he after you because you used to work for the Effendi?” Tracey asked suddenly. From the driver’s seat, Hayden looked at Tracey as if contemplating her question, and then returned his attention back to the road.

Next to Tracey, Jared gave a rude snort. “Does Ezekiel even need a reason to want someone dead? The members of Dominion are all the same. Just the Effendi’s lapdogs—”

“You’re mistaken about them.” Yuri interrupted. The two Legion agents looked at her. “Yes, Dominion is technically part of the Effendi’s forces, but the Effendi has no real power over them. Only their commander can make them listen and obey orders. It’s merely for hierarchy’s sake that Dominion is branched together with the regular militia.”

“Though in recent years, the Effendi has been interfering with them quite a lot.” Hayden added. He exchanged looks with Yuri. They both knew why.

“And Dominion… They’re not how the rumours make them out to be.” Yuri remarked. “Except for perhaps Ezekiel.” A look of distaste appeared on her face. “The members of Dominion have seen so much war and bloodshed that even without realising it, they soon became the very thing that they once hunted in the streets of Adaytren.”

“They value fairness and justice.” Hayden added. “You cannot bribe them or coerce them. It is impossible. Their fealty is to this nation itself. No other. But in recent years, no one knows what to think of them anymore.” He admitted.

Jared narrowed his eyes. “You seem to know a lot about them,” he commented.

“…We used to work for them.” Yuri said at last, not meeting their eyes. “Between the Effendi’s Guard and Dominion, Dominion is the lesser of the two evils. Though truthfully, there is no real choice.”

“How old were you both when you joined the Legion?” Hayden injected before Jared could say something stupid. 

Yuri and Hayden were no fools. They knew better than anyone the reputation that Dominion had amongst the common populace and the Legion agents. 

“As soon as I was old enough for the training program.” Tracey answered, shooting Jared a warning look to not shoot his mouth off. “I was ten, I think.”

“Same.” Jared grunted.

“…I see.” Yuri murmured, leaning back into her seat and staring at the barren fields that whizzed by. “It’s different for those in the Royal City—for those in the Child Soldier Program.” Jared let out a low hiss and Tracey frowned. “Those that showed some talent started training and going on missions early. But most of us were immediately trained as assassins. For me, I started at seven. I killed someone for the first time when I was eight. My life after that has been battle after battle.”

Tracey stared at the back of Yuri and Hayden’s heads with horror. 

“And I wasn’t alone in that situation.” Yuri added, glancing at Tracey and Jared in the mirror. “There were several others who started young too. Though it’s true that most never live long. Only the really good ones survive long enough to see past their ninth birthday.”

In the driver’s seat, Hayden winced. No matter how many times he’d heard it, he still can’t wrap his mind around the horrible situation that Yuri and Gale had once found themselves in. How many comrades had they seen die over the course of their lives? If Hiram hadn’t taken Yuri and Gale into Dominion, would they have ended up the same way?

“That’s horrible.” Jared murmured, recalling the few missions that he was sent on when he’d had the unfortunate luck to run into one of the ‘child soldiers’. Before Liam had recruited him for his squad, Jared had originally been part of the squad that was frequently sent out after those child soldiers. He doesn’t like it, but he knew that it had to be done.

“It’s barbaric.” Tracey scowled.

Yuri shrugged. “Maybe to you and the rest of Legion, we were all kids. But to the Effendi, there’s no such thing.” She paused. “There are just the people who are useful to him.”

It might be surprising to some, but not all those who have ended up in the Child Soldier Program were abducted from their families. There are only a few ways how one would end up in the Child Soldier Program, and later on, being part of the Effendi’s forces.

Either they would go to the Effendi on their own free will—anything to get out of being constantly hungry, afraid and cold; or they were abducted from their families like several in the program were; or the vast majority—the orphaned children who were recruited right off the streets.

“While the Effendi might have ruined our lives in several ways, he did pave the way for us to grow strong.” Yuri said off-handedly, much to Tracey and Jared’s bewilderment. “He gave us the tools and training that we need to survive. He provided enough motivation for us to become strong.”

Hayden glanced over to Yuri, who looked away. Neither of them needed to say anything. They both knew that Tracey and Jared would never understand it. That the Legion would never be able to understand.

Jared stared blankly. “I still don’t get it,” he admitted at last. “It was the Effendi and Dominion that ruined your lives, wasn’t it? Why don’t you blame them?”

“Because in a way, they saved me.” Hayden injected, looking steadily ahead of him at the road. “It’s like Yuri said. I don’t know how either of you joined the Legion, and I don’t know how Yuri ended up with the Child Soldier Program either, but I can guess. My first memory was already that of battlefields and explosions. I was barely four years old when I found myself wandering through Adaytren, alone. One of the Effendi’s lieutenants found me and brought me back to the Royal City. Surprising that he did, as I probably looked like I’d keel over at any second back then. I was a tiny kid.” Hayden added, feeling almost nostalgic of the little bits and pieces that he’d remembered of his early childhood.

The soldiers that the Effendi dispatched to take the orphans off the streets knew just what to look for—the potential candidates of the Child Soldier Program. If one of the ‘useless’ ever crosses their path, and if the scout happens to be in a bad mood or ruthless, or both, then the orphan would likely never be seen again.

Hayden continued to speak, ignoring the Legion pair’s horrified expressions. Beside him in the side passenger seat, Yuri looked nonchalant as she listened, staring out of the window—acting like she wasn’t interested. But Hayden knew her well enough to know that he had Yuri’s complete attention. 

“I received a month of basic instruction from one of the trial trainers, and then they just threw me into the Academy’s Child Soldier Program.” Hayden looked in the windshield mirror at Tracey and Jared who both looked pale, “It was where I met Ethan and then Yuri. And even back then, she was as good as she is now. I never managed to beat her in a spar. And I know for a fact that she’d always held back on me.”

Yuri looked over her shoulder at Tracey and Jared. “I don’t agree with what the Effendi is doing—that’s why the three of us left to begin with. But were it not for the Effendi, I would never have met Hayden and Ethan and the others, and neither would I have been as skilled as I am.” She closed her eyes. “But the commander of Dominion gave me a chance—he gave me the chance for me to do what I want—something that I never had before. So it might be strange to you, but in a way, I’m thankful to the Effendi.”

After some more time driving in relative quiet, Hayden parked the car by the side of the road, with the signs of a town just vaguely visible in the distance.

 “I still don’t get it,” Jared said as Hayden killed the engine. “Maybe it’s because I was trained in the Legion, and I think like a Legion agent. But I don’t understand how you can go through what you did under that monster’s hands and not hate him.”

If it were Jared, he would be plotting that monster’s death every waking minute that he had.

“Don’t get mistaken. We don’t agree with what the Effendi is doing.” Hayden cut in, frowning. “But neither do we agree with what the Legion is doing.” Tracey and Jared flinched. “And I think I know what you’re both here for; why you’ve approached us.”

“Alec told me that you might be coming, and why.” Yuri injected. 

“Then—”

“Honestly, we would rather not get ourselves tangled with the Legion.” Hayden interrupted with a scowl. “We’ve seen our fair share of the grisly fates that have befallen those that are stupid enough to do so.”

“We wouldn’t—”

“Your word means nothing to us, since clearly, you Legion agents have already proven that your word alone can’t be trusted.” Yuri cut in. “We won’t be your cat’s paw. And we will not answer to you. We’ll go our own way and we will do what we want—like we’ve always done.”

“I understand your distrust of us. I would have done the same thing.” Tracey tried again to make them listen to reason, though she could already see herself and Jared returning to headquarters empty handed. “But we can’t let the Effendi do what he wants any longer. If things get any worse, it will not just be the Legion who suffers. The suffering of the common people and even the people of the underground will no doubt worsen!”

Hayden scowled. “Are you threatening us?” he growled, and there was a glint in his right sleeve as he palmed a hidden dagger.

Tracey squeaked and Jared immediately let his hand fall to his handgun immediately.

“No—”

“Regardless, this isn’t something we can decide on our own.” Yuri interrupted, shooting Hayden a warning look. “We’ll need to discuss this amongst ourselves. We’ll contact you.” 

Jared nodded. “All right,” he murmured, suddenly feeling exhausted and drained.

“Will you be able to get back to your headquarters on your own?” Hayden enquired, still scowling.

“Yes. We can.” Tracey nodded immediately.

“You Legion agents should be careful too.” Yuri remarked as Jared opened the car door. “You’ve been attracting too much attention lately.”

Jared smirked. “Comes with the job,” he commented before he stepped out of the car. He then leaned down so that he is at eye level with the two. “You know…” Jared gave a smirk as he eyed Yuri, “You really do look a lot like Liam.” He commented. “See you around.”

The car door slammed closed.

Yuri can’t help but frown even as she stared at the backs of the two departing Legion agents as they set off on foot towards the nearest town.

First that Evan guy from the Caelum facility months ago. Then it was Chris barely two weeks ago. Alec had said the same thing, too, when he’d called her. And now Tracey and Jared?

Who the hell was this Liam guy?

✯✯✯ 

Yuri knew something was wrong the instant she and Hayden entered Cat’s Eye, bags in hand.

Ethan and Leticia were conversing, with Ethan looking furious and Leticia looking concerned. Karen meanwhile was nowhere to be seen, which was enough to send alarms ringing through Yuri’s head. Blade had no jobs for Karen at the moment—especially since they were lying low after what they’d done to Volans.

“What’s going on?” Hayden questioned as he placed the grocery bags onto the nearest table.

Ethan and Leticia both turned to face Hayden and Yuri.

“We have bad news.” Ethan almost hissed with fury and concern. “It’s Karen. She’s been caught by the Guard.”







11

YURI, THE PAST


“Murderers are not monsters, they’re men. And that’s the most frightening thing about them.” - Alice Sebold (The Lovely Bones)

✯✯✯ 

There was a lot of staring going on in Hiram Georges’ office.

Hiram sighed and studied the teenager standing in front of him—his protégé and easily also one of his best soldiers, a pang of guilt filling his heart. He made her into what she was today. He’d turned her into one of the nation’s best assassins. And by doing so, he had robbed her of whatever childhood and innocence that she once had.

Though if truth be told, once one is enlisted in the Child Soldier Program or had the Effendi’s eye on them, whatever chance of a childhood that they might have had is ripped away instantly.

Many never had the chance to ever be children at all.

“…I can’t change your mind, can I?” It was a statement, not a question. Across from Hiram, Yuri shook her head silently, meeting Hiram’s eyes almost defiantly. 

Not for the first time, Hiram marvelled at the change in the girl. She’d come a long way since he’d first scouted her for Dominion, and had changed from the almost perfect soldier who perfectly obeyed every order to someone who could think and argue for herself. 

Had Gale changed Yuri? Or Ethan and Hayden—two of the first people her age who accepted her for what she was, and had befriended her without wanting anything in return?

A friendship like the one that Gale and Yuri shared.

Hiram steeled himself before speaking again. He had noticed for the past year just how jaded that Yuri had been with her work, and her animosity towards Ezekiel and the Effendi had reached almost alarming levels.

Considering how often the Effendi had been using Yuri as his personal weapon ever since Ezekiel had entered Dominion, and thus, had sunk his claws into the one squad that he had never been able to touch in the past, had put Yuri and nearly all of Dominion into a bad mood.

And honestly, Hiram couldn’t really blame Yuri for her decision.

Just when was it anyway, when Dominion had started forsaking themselves?

When was it that Dominion had become nothing more than the Effendi’s attack dogs?

“Let me ask you again, Yuri.” Hiram said steadily and slowly, “Are you certain? If you do, if you’re truly certain—there will be no going back.” He said slowly to ensure that Yuri understood the grave consequences of her decision. “Dominion might be forced to hunt you down as an enemy someday and execute you as a traitor.”

To her credit, Yuri didn’t flinch, and continued holding Hiram’s strong gaze. “I am aware,” she answered, her voice steady and strong. “I’ve made my decision, and I will have no regrets. My path doesn’t lie with the Effendi. I’m sorry. But this is something I must do.”

Hiram curled his fingers before his lips as he eyed Yuri carefully. “…You are aware what will happen if you go through with your plan, don’t you?” he enquired again, and Yuri nodded. “So why?”

Yuri hesitated as she glanced around the office to scan for listening devices. When she came up empty, she looked Hiram straight in the eye. “…Permission to speak freely,” she requested, and was answered with a nod. “I’ve had enough, Hiram.” Hiram gave a slight start. At this point, he knew that Yuri is stressed to the point of breaking if she’s using his name. “I can’t do this anymore. I go to bed each night, still hearing their screams. Even after I shower, I can still see or smell the blood.”

Hiram hid his grimace expertly. Even he didn’t like what Dominion have been forced to do lately. None of his agents had said anything, but he knew that those missions had been slowly wearing them down mentally.

It was probably why Karen had upped and disappeared more than six months ago. 

It wasn’t uncommon for the intelligence agent to spend days and weeks away from base, but when Karen hadn’t been seen for nearly a month, and no one knew where she was, Hiram had been obliged by military law to report her disappearance and report Karen as a deserter.

And from what Hiram had been hearing, several in the Effendi’s forces had deserted the ranks as well. Leticia Light had been amongst them—having disappeared around the same time as Karen.

Clearly, the Pursuer Division must be really busy lately.

The Pursuer Division was a sub division of the Jaeger Unit, directly under the command of Camellia Faylan, the Effendi’s second-in-command of sorts. The Pursuer Division just had one role.

To track down deserters and execute them as traitors.

Much like the Jaeger Unit who were mostly responsible for carrying out subjugations in the Effendi’s name, the Pursuer Division paid no heed to the amount of destruction caused when pursuing a defector. 

“What of Ethan and Hayden?”

Yuri showed the first sign of hesitance that Hiram had seen from her throughout their conversation, and her shoulders slumped. “I’d like to leave them here, but I doubt that they’ll let me leave them behind,” she admitted.

Hiram had to agree on that.

“And Gale?”

“I don’t know.” Yuri admitted, much to Hiram’s surprise. “He has to make his own choice. I did. I know the consequences. Besides, you need him.” She told Hiram. “You need him more than I do.”

Hiram smiled wryly at the blunt truth in those words. “Yes, I do,” he responded.

✯✯✯ 

Gale honestly wished he could say that he was surprised; he truly did.

But if truth be told, he wasn’t.

After being promoted to Enforcers, Gale and Yuri had maintained their strong relationship and trust. They were tag-team partners in Dominion—a type of partnership similar to the one that Hayden and Ethan shared.

In Dominion, a tag-team partnership meant combat partners that covered each other’s strengths and weaknesses. They knew each other so well that they could predict what the other was going to do—something proven invaluable in the heat of battle, and had saved their lives countless times. And if the need ever arose, they would also trust their partner to give them the most merciful death.

Yuri had been getting increasingly agitated of late—not surprising, given the number of subjugation and execution missions that they’d been sent on.

Even Ethan and Hayden seemed to be getting more jaded with their assigned work, and the pair had been spending a great deal of time with Yuri recently.

And now here Gale stood in front of Hiram, listening to the commander tell him about what Yuri had told him less than two hours previously.

“So instead of trying to convince her or finding a way to get her out from beneath the Effendi’s thumb, your solution is to allow Yuri to turn traitor instead?” Gale responded, his eyebrow twitching, looking thoroughly irritated by the situation.

Hiram looked annoyed as he signed his stack of paperwork that regularly populate his desk, “You think I hadn’t tried?” he asked, annoyed. “You didn’t see how she looked, Gale. Yuri’s had enough after all these years. It might just be kinder for us to let her go—even if I have to declare her a traitor to Adaytren.”

Gale didn’t back down. “…The Effendi would never let her go, and you know that,” he pointed out bluntly. “Even if we don’t do anything, the Effendi and Ezekiel wouldn’t just stay their hand. They’ll send the Pursuer Division after her.”

Hiram scoffed, signing another piece of paper before glancing at it for more than a second. “Then I hope for the Effendi or even Faylan’s sake that they aren’t too fond of those men that they send.” He said bluntly. “Yuri is dangerous when she’s forced into a corner—you know that. I know that. The Effendi knows that.” The constant scratching of Hiram’s pen stopped. “Soldiers, Gale, aren’t just mere pieces on a giant chess board. They’re all humans who live and bleed like everyone else. And unlike chess pieces, they can fight back.”

Gale was silent for a long time before he let out a long exhale. “…If push ever comes to shove, Yuri will do what is right, and not what others tell her to do. But…” Gale met Hiram’s eyes. “I want to hear her reasons. I know I won’t be able to change her mind, but I want to hear it from her.”

Hiram studied Gale carefully. “She should be in one of the training halls,” he responded. “Go to her if you want, Gale. But watch what you say.” He warned, “Walls have ears.”

Gale gave a silent nod before leaving the office and closing the door behind him. Several moments later, the door opened once again, and Marcus stepped in, a solemn expression on his face as he shut the door behind him with a nudge of his foot.

“You’re not going to stop her, are you?” Marcus questioned his childhood friend heavily.

Hiram shook his head. “No, I’m not,” he responded. “I did enough to her. I’ve ruined enough of her life. I will not assist the Effendi and Ezekiel in ruining it any further.”

Marcus said nothing. 

He had been there throughout everything—since Hiram and he were young trainees before entering Dominion as teenagers and later becoming Enforcers themselves. He was there when Hiram was named commander and he was sworn in as Hiram’s second-in-command. He was there, too, when they’d lost nearly every Enforcer in a mission gone sour that had given Hiram the chance to remove Dominion from the Effendi’s grasp entirely. Years later, Hiram had seen Yuri and Gale training in the Specialised Program when he’d decided that he wanted them both despite their young ages.

It wasn’t an easy thing. The Effendi was far from pleased when Hiram had made known his intentions to have Yuri and Gale for Dominion. Ezekiel’s assistant Leticia Light had assisted them secretly, and had tipped Hiram off when she found out that Ezekiel had been running insane experiments on Yuri and Gale both.

Yuri had the guts and the stubbornness to make it through the impossible, and the sheer tenacity of one who refuses to be bound by any rules. She had an unusual thirst for survival—something rare these days in Adaytren, as almost everyone had given up on living—even the soldiers.

Marcus let out a huff. “You do realise of course that you might have just set the path for the Effendi’s and even possibly our own destruction, by letting Yuri go?” he asked carefully.

“I do.” Hiram nodded. “If that is to be our punishment, then so be it. She’s been through enough. I’ll let Yuri have her revenge if it’s what she wants.”

✯✯✯ 

Harsh panting and the sounds of a sword swinging through air reached Gale’s ears the moment he stepped through the training hall doors.

Yuri stood in the middle of the hall, dressed in her usual training clothes, blades grasped in both hands as she moved almost like she’s dancing—fighting an enemy that only she could see.

Gale waited until Yuri had stopped to catch her breath. “Hiram told me,” he said, and Yuri glanced towards Gale before she placed the training blades onto the ground and started removing the bandages bound around the palms of her hands. “Are you certain?” It was a statement, not a question.

“I’ve made up my mind.” Yuri responded, still working on removing the bandages from her hands. “I can’t do this anymore.”

“The Effendi will hunt you down to the ends of the earth if you do,” Gale warned, but he knew that Yuri wouldn’t budge.

“I don’t care.” Yuri shrugged. “And they’re welcome to try—if they can find me first. Besides, if I have to make a choice between living caged or dying free, I’d rather die free.”

Gale winced internally at how calmly she’d just spoken about dying. 

Yuri paused in the midst of undoing the bandage around her right hand, and closed her eyes briefly. “‘But if this is what they call retribution, then I shall take it upon myself to defy it’,” she murmured.

“Entwined Fates.” Gale said immediately. The book that he’d bought for Yuri at Cesar’s so long ago. She must have read it over and over by now and could probably recite it by heart.

A tragic story about a pair of twins torn apart by circumstances beyond their control. The older twin who later grew up to become the tyrannical king of a kingdom. The younger twin sister who was kidnapped by enemy forces and trained to become a sleeper agent who would someday be the one sent to take the life of the new king—her own twin brother. Identical twins who were separated by fate.

An extremely tragic story—Gale had no idea why Yuri liked it so much.

“I won’t ask you to try to understand my reasons,” Yuri said simply. “And I won’t even try. But the scariest thing about killing people, Gale, is getting used to it. You can’t keep ignoring everything around you as no business of your own.” Yuri warned. “By the time you realise it, and want to do something to stop it, it might already be too late. Just…” Her shoulders slumped tiredly. “Why is it always easier to destroy than it is to save?” She almost whispered.

✯✯✯ 

“You’d best keep this quiet.” Rueben Hamilton hissed to the man across him who currently looked bored, a cigarette jutting out in between his lips. “I’ll be dead if the Enforcers ever found out about this.” He added nervously.

“Doing this behind their backs, are you?” The trader taunted with a smirk, reaching to scratch the stubble along his jaw line. “Don’t worry, I’ll keep your dirty little secret.” He looked at the various photographs scattered across the table between them, and a smirk spread across his lips. “Fine specimens this time around.” He remarked, cold eyes scanning the images of girls of various ages, all with frightened expressions. “Where did Ezekiel find them?”

“Shut your mouth!” Hamilton hissed immediately, looking around to ensure that no one heard them. Fortunately, save for a pair of young men in their late teens seated at a corner table who seemed to be engrossed in their own conversation, no one else was around in the Solaris coffeehouse. Hamilton felt his shoulders relax. He’d be worse than dead should the Enforcers find out that he’d been kidnapping young children in their territory upon Ezekiel’s orders. “They’re taken from the streets—only place where we can find children these days.”

“I see.” The trader nodded before collecting the photographs together and pocketing it. “I’ll let the boss know. We’ll swing by to pick them up later at the usual point.”

Hamilton nodded and both men got to their feet and left the coffeehouse.

At the corner table, Alec and Nicholas exchanged concerned looks. Only the name ‘Ezekiel’ had stopped them in their tracks from confronting the pair.

Nicholas rubbed at his temples tiredly. “…We’d better let Yuri know,” was all he said.

✯✯✯ 

“The commander really agreed?” Ethan questioned incredulously as he faced Hayden in the training hall, weapons grasped in their hands. Yuri stood by the side, watching their training. “I thought for sure that we were going to have to stage a disappearance during our next mission out of base.”

His movements soon blurred as his training sword met Hayden’s again and again.

“That’s his plan actually.” Yuri remarked. “For us to ‘disappear’ during our next mission.”

Hayden rapped his training sword hard against Ethan’s knuckles, who let out a hiss of pain and dropped his training sword, nursing his hand. “Gale’s not coming with us, is he?” he asked Yuri who shook her head.

“What’s he even thinking?” Ethan frowned even as he got to his feet again, blowing at his hand gently, thankful that Hayden had held back his inhumane strength, or he would probably be nursing a broken hand now. “Actually, scratch that. I’ve never really understood how that guy’s mind works.” He admitted.

“Gale is needed here in the Royal City. The commander needs him. You know that.” Yuri told them. 

Hiram needed at least one Enforcer whom he could trust, who wouldn’t be under the strict scrutiny of the Effendi 24/7. 

Before either Ethan or Hayden could say anything to that, Yuri’s phone chirped an alert notification. She immediately fished out her phone and read the message.

Yuri raised a brow in confusion, but she immediately dialled Alec’s number. The call was picked up almost immediately. “Hello?”

“I saw your message.” Yuri said in response to Alec’s greeting. Even without seeing him, she could tell that Alec was worried. “What is it?”

“Are you alone?”

“No, but I trust those with me.” Yuri answered, glancing at Ethan and Hayden who were exchanging confused looks with each other. “What is it?” she asked again.

“There’s big trouble.”

Yuri frowned. “…I’m listening.”

✯✯✯ 

The knocks were harsh and angry, and seemed about ready to split the door apart.

Rueben Hamilton knew that he had fucked up almost the instant he’d opened the door only to see three teenagers standing in front of him, all wearing black coats embroidered with Dominion’s symbol.

“Rueben Hamilton, I’m assuming?” The raven haired youth at the door questioned, with an almost bored expression on his face. The two others stood on either side of him, staring at Hamilton with an expression like he was nothing more than the dirt on their boots.

“Uh… Can I help you with anything?” Hamilton asked nervously. Cold sweat dripped down his face, and even as the female narrowed her eyes at him, he hoped that he hadn’t given himself away.

There was silence for several moments.

“Right.” The other male—the tallest of the trio said at last with an almost bored tone. “You know why we’re here. And you know who we are. So let’s make things easy for all of us, shall we? I dislike violence, and I don’t really want to make things difficult.”

“Look—” Hamilton started, “I’m not quite sure why—”

The raven-haired male sighed. “He is going to be difficult,” he muttered. “Knock him out, Hayden. And let’s get a move on.” He moved before Hamilton could even think about running.

✯✯✯ 

A splash of cold water woke Hamilton with a start, gasping as trails trickled down his face and his neck. 

He blinked and glanced around, realising in seconds that he was still at his apartment—only secured and tied to a chair in the middle of the sitting room, and a gag stuffed in his mouth. Judging by the dull, heavy throb at the back of his skull where the guy, Hayden, had smashed his head into the door of his own home, it had done its work in knocking him out.

A cough caught Hamilton’s attention, and he looked up to see the lead youth from earlier in front of him—leaning against the door and staring with a dead expression that unnerves Hamilton. The girl was seated on the armrest of his worn couch, one leg crossed over the other.

Where’s the third of their trio—this Hayden?

A soft cough sounded from right behind Hamilton’s head just then, and tried to turn to see behind him. “Now that you’re awake, let’s try again,” said Hayden’s voice from right behind his head. “What exactly were you doing two days ago? We have lots of time, so we can accompany you until you feel like talking.” The gag in his mouth was removed, and Hamilton coughed harshly to get some air into his lungs. “Think hard before you answer.”

“Nothing. I swear! I wasn’t doing anything!” Hamilton squeaked in fear, head whipping to and fro in an attempt to locate Hayden. He feared the Enforcers, sure. But he feared his fate at Ezekiel’s hands even more should the man finds out that he had squealed.

“‘Nothing’, you say?” Hamilton’s head swivelled towards the leader. Dark blue eyes were glaring daggers at Hamilton, and he gulped nervously. “No side trips? No visiting people? To…a certain slave trader, for instance?”

Hamilton froze, feeling his heart go about a hundred miles per minute, and cold sweat dripped down his back. They knew.

“N-No. I-I swear I didn’t.” Hamilton denied weakly.

“Really?” The girl spoke. “So why do I have someone approaching me, telling me that you’re meeting with a known slave trader, talking about slave trading in Dominion’s territory?”

Hamilton said nothing, feeling that it might be safer for him. He gnawed at his bottom lip, wondering what he could say or do to get out of this mess in one piece. He’d piss off one side without a doubt; either Ezekiel or the Enforcers. Honestly, he doesn’t know who was worse.

Hayden let out a long, heavy sigh behind Hamilton. “Why do they never make things easy for us?” he drawled. “We always have to resort to the hard way, don’t we, Ethan?” He addressed the raven-haired youth who only gave out a grunt in response.

Hamilton’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he gulped, his eyes darting from one to the other. “T-The hard way?”

Ethan nodded. “Which fingers would you like to keep?” he enquired pleasantly. “Though depending on Hayden’s mood, you might not have any limbs left by the time he’s done with you.” The expression on the youth’s face darkened even further. “So are you going to talk? Or shall we do this the hard way? We have no problems with making you scream—we thrive in doing so, in fact.”

Hamilton winced, already feeling something wet around his pants. “I-I can’t tell you!” he whimpered in fear, already feeling his palms going wet and clammy. “H-He… Ezekiel… He—”

“Ezekiel?” The girl pounced on the name immediately, her eyes flashing dangerously. “So he’s involved.” She directed those words to her companion whose face looked as dark as night. She then turned her attention back to Hamilton. “I can assure you that you’ll be facing an even worse fate if you don’t tell us what we want to know in the next ten minutes.” She said silkily. A gun appeared like magic in her left hand. “You feel like talking yet? Or shall I blow some extra holes in you to breathe out of?”

“Kilead!” Hamilton burst out, his voice a few octaves higher than usual, staring at the girl with fear. A strong smell of piss filled the air. “The…people due to be sold in the next slave auction are being held at Kilead. But that was two days ago. I don’t know where they are now—only that they’ve already been collected by the crime lord running the next slave auction! Only Ezekiel knows who that is and where it is!” Hamilton almost tripped over his own words as he tried to get them out as fast as he could. “I swear! That’s all that I know!”

Save for the ragged breathing from Hamilton, the apartment was deadly silent.

“Yuri.” Hayden said dangerously from behind Hamilton at last. “Slave auctions.”

Hamilton identified rage in Hayden’s voice.

Yuri nodded slowly and grimly. 

While slavery was allowed in Adaytren, Dominion had never allowed it to take place in their territory, or even allow any of their soldiers to partake in it.

“…Ezekiel…” Yuri hissed like a venomous snake. “You’ve gone too far this time.” She shoved her gun back into the holster by her side. “Let’s go. We have a certain someone to interrogate.”

“What of him?” Ethan jerked his head towards Hamilton, who’d started to relax after giving the trio the information they sought.

Yuri’s cold eyes swept over a frozen Hamilton before she got to her feet, walking towards the door and opening it. She then looked over her shoulder, over Hamilton’s head at Hayden, still standing behind him.

“Kill him.”

✯✯✯ 

Ezekiel was met with a powerful punch to the face the instant he’d opened his office door—the punch was powerful enough that he’d ended up on the floor, cradling his broken nose. The scientist looked up to see an extremely familiar trio of teens.

“May I ask what I have done now?” Ezekiel enquired, his voice thick and nasal. “I don’t believe that I’ve done anything to warrant such violence against my person.”

Hayden bristled with those words, kicking the door closed behind him with his foot before he lashed out again with said foot, knocking Ezekiel to the ground once more as he tried to rise. He took a step and pinned his foot against the scientist’s chest.

“Hayden!”

“Don’t even try to fucking stop me, Ethan.” Hayden hissed with fury, his fingers twitching towards his gun holsters. “He’s had this coming for years, and you know it!” He glared at Ezekiel who didn’t look daunted at all, even with the rage coming from Hayden and a milder version from Yuri, who was better at hiding her emotions. “You’ve been dealing with slave trading, haven’t you? In our territory. You’ve got a lot of nerve.”

Ezekiel chuckled despite still being on the floor. “Oh, so you found out.”

“You never change, do you, Ezekiel?” Hayden snarled, grinding his boot deeper into Ezekiel’s chest. If the scientist felt pain from this action, he showed none of it on his face—only smiling that slimy smile at the trio. “You’re always going behind our backs and doing shit like this! Does the commander even know about this? He doesn’t, does he?” Hayden demanded. “Who’s in charge of the next slave auction, and where is it?”

Ezekiel sniggered before it became a full-blown chuckle. “That’s rich. For you to pretend that you care.” Yuri’s eyes flashed dangerously. “You have a large part to play in half their incarcerations that ultimately led to them being sold off to the auctions to begin with. So don’t pretend that you have nothing to do with it.” He taunted.

Big mistake.

Ezekiel let out a grunt of pain as Yuri shoved a booted foot against his throat—effectively pinning him in place, but not enough to cut off his air supply completely. Ezekiel looked up and froze. Yuri unsheathed her blade before placing it in between Ezekiel’s legs.

“Yuri!” Ethan warned. “You can’t—”

“I don’t give a damn what happens to me now.” Yuri shot back, not taking her eyes off of Ezekiel. She’d had to practice a great deal of self-control to not slice the crazy scientist in half since the day he had joined Dominion. “Let me tell you how this is going to work.” Yuri hissed at Ezekiel, “Either you tell us the location of the auction and who is running it this time, or I’ll drape you all over the Royal City in pieces. Just try me, I dare you.”

Yuri released her hold against Ezekiel’s throat, and he coughed harshly to allow some air into his lungs.

Ezekiel knows perfectly well that Yuri meant every word. She had never liked him to begin with. And if Hiram hadn’t ordered him to keep away from Yuri, and for the younger girl to keep her guns, swords and hands to herself, he would likely have already lost a limb or two—or even his head—by now.

Yuri had been itching from day one for an excuse to kill him.

Ezekiel coughed again before glaring at Yuri. “…They’re held at Klard,” he rasped at last, his throat throbbing with pain with each spoken word. “The man running the slave auctions this time—it’s Ivar Antonov. The auction is to be held tomorrow night.”

Only the dangerous flashing of Yuri’s eyes gave Ezekiel any indication that he’d gotten under her skin before Yuri bashed the butt of her gun into his face, and his world went black.

Ethan and Hayden exchanged worried looks as Yuri moved away from Ezekiel, shoving her gun back into the holster. “Ivar Antonov, the Death Merchant.” Hayden murmured at last.

A crime lord famous in Adaytren’s underground scene—there is nothing that he wouldn’t do. Drugs. Kidnapping. Murder. Extortion. Slavery.

Suffice to say that he was one of the Effendi’s staunch supporters, and had been one of the few crime lords that had the legal authority to run the slave auctions commissioned by the Effendi.

“Of all the people in the world…” Yuri muttered with irritation, pinching the bridge of her nose. “Why am I not surprised that it’s him this time?”

“Yuri, you can’t be thinking…?” Ethan trailed off uneasily, seeing the dark expression on Yuri’s face. “You can’t be serious! If you do anything to Antonov at all, not even the Effendi will let this go, even if he had been dealing in slave trade in Dominion’s territory!”

“The Effendi won’t do anything too bad to me.” Yuri said firmly; she knew that much at least. “Besides, I won’t be here much longer anyway. I’m going to Klard one way or another—even if I have to do this alone.”

Ethan groaned out loud in dismay and mumbled several curses beneath his breath, scrubbing his hands through his hair, making it look even untidier. “Damn it! If I’m going to get involved any further, I might as well get involved by my own will!”

Hayden grinned and turned towards Yuri, kicking the unconscious Ezekiel in the side hard. “So there you have it,” he said almost cheerfully—almost like they hadn’t been talking about storming Klard and possibly killing one of the most infamous crime lords in Adaytren. “What next?”

A muscle twitched in Yuri’s cheek as she resisted the urge to smile. The girl then pulled her cellphone from her pocket and started dialling a number. “We head to Klard. But before that…” She trailed off as the call connected, and was picked up. “Alec? It’s Yuri. We got the location. It’s at Klard. The one in charge this time is Ivar Antonov. The Death Merchant.” She added before she frowned and listened. Ethan and Hayden could catch vague snippets of the conversation thanks to their enhanced hearing. “No. We’ll handle Antonov. You handle his underlings and the people about to be sold. Tomorrow night.” Yuri added. She then frowned. “Right. Okay. We’ll go on ahead. Three hours, Alec.”

Yuri repocketed her cellphone and looked at Ethan and Hayden. “Let’s go. We’re heading to Klard. For better or for the worse, we’ll have one less crime lord to deal with after tonight.”

✯✯✯ 

Ivar Antonov grinned as he pulled up his underwear and pants, taking his own sweet time to put on his belt before he looked over his shoulder at the sobbing girl on the queen sized bed in his personal chambers.

While virgins always fetched a high price at the auctions—particularly from those that run the brothels and pleasure houses in Adaytren— Antonov had no problem with earning a little less by picking the best looking of the bunch and having his fun with them before the auction.

The girl he’d picked this time was bound to fetch a high price even now—with that long, silky auburn hair and porcelain-like soft skin. Her youth also helped—barely nineteen.

Antonov had taken the girl barely a week ago as payment for the girl’s father having owed him money. The man had been on his knees—begging Antonov to take his house, his medical practice, and even his life—as long as he don’t take his daughter. Antonov had ignored him.

The girl’s father had become so annoying that Antonov had ordered his underlings to kill the man in front of his terrified daughter.

Antonov pulled on his white shirt, leaving it unbuttoned as he walked over to the terrified girl, clutching the thin blankets to her body, now trying to cover her nudity. Despite it however, Antonov could still see the marks left behind by several rounds of rough sex on her neck and thighs. Traces of semen and blood were also visible on the bed clothes beneath her.

Antonov forced down the temptation to bed her again. He had always liked rough sex; the more that his bed partner resisted and screamed, the more they turned him on.

The girl flinched as Antonov gripped her chin roughly, but not tight enough to leave a mark. He needed her face unmarred at the auction tomorrow night to fetch a high price.

“If you’re a good girl and do what I tell you, I might just sell you to a nice master who will treat you well.” Antonov sneered, his hand trailing down her slender neck, marvelling at the smooth skin beneath his touch. He played with the idea of keeping the girl for himself.

“Fuck you!” The girl hissed through sobs, her eyes full of impotent hatred.

“I’ll gladly do you again if you like.” Antonov smirked, reaching for his belt once more, and the girl flinched, shaking her head and trembling like a leaf. “Just kidding. I have work to do now. I’ll come back for you later. Maybe if you’re good and obedient, I won’t make it so painful for you next time.”

“Fuck you!”

Antonov chuckled as he left the room. The girl’s sobs silenced as he closed the door and went straight to his desk in the adjoining room that also serves as his office, dropping into the expensive black leather chair.

He picked up the packet of cigarettes from his mahogany desk before tapping on it and removing a lone cigarette from it, lighting it with a click of his lighter. A long inhale of cigarette was then taken before the muscular man then breathed out the smoke via his nostrils and mouth.

Picking up the black folder lying neatly on his desk, Antonov then pressed down the cigarette butt into the crystal ashtray on his desk with his other hand and leaned back into his leather chair, beginning to read through the contents of the folder.

Antonov felt a thin smile spread across his lips as he read the information about his most recent ‘merchandise’. He spotted a few that he noted would bring him some good money. Ezekiel had outdone himself this time.

“These will do very well indeed.” Ivar Antonov noted out loud.

“Not if we have anything to say about it,” said a voice from above him.

Antonov’s eyes widened and he reached for the gun in the top drawer of his desk. But he was too slow; as the steel of a blade was immediately ran through his left shoulder; effectively pinning his body to his leather chair; with a girl dropping down from the ceiling above him via a grappling hook from the opened ventilator shaft. Antonov’s head hit the back of the wall, and he let out a cry of pain as a blade was driven through his right hand, pinning the limb to the surface of the desk.

Yuri crouched atop the surface of the mahogany desk; almost in a squatting position, the fingers of her left hand wrapped around the dagger that she’d used to pin his hand to the desk. Above her, Ethan and Hayden came down from the ventilator shaft above via grappling hooks as well, landing silently on the carpeted floor.

“Search the place.” Yuri told Ethan, who nodded and immediately headed for Antonov’s chambers. There was a terrified scream from the girl inside before Ethan murmured apologies, and was then heard trying to calm her down.

“Who the fuck are you?” Ivar Antonov growled with pain, his pinned hand twitching with pain. 

“Your executioners.” Hayden answered, locking the door. 

“I’ll inform the Effendi about this!” Antonov snarled, not afraid for his life in the least. After all, only the truly suicidal will attempt to go against him, with who he had as his backing. “There will be nowhere you can run—”

He let out a painful grunt as Yuri twisted the blade deeper in his shoulder and pointed the barrel of her gun in between his eyes. “Does it look like I give a shit?” Yuri demanded, as Ethan emerged from Antonov’s bed chambers with the shaking girl who had somehow managed to put on her own clothing. “How is she?”

“I’ll live.” The clearly older girl croaked, attempting to keep her torn clothing closed around her body. “Thank you.” She sobbed.

There was a sudden knock on the door—an action that made nearly everyone in the office jump, and Antonov smirked despite the pain—sure that it would be one of his men.

“Yuri, it’s me. Let me in.” Alec’s voice sounded muffled from behind the door, and the smirk on Antonov’s face slid away. 

Yuri nodded to Hayden who unlocked and opened the door, and Alec entered, his clothes and hair looking slightly ruffled, but extremely pissed.

Alec spotted the girl next to Ethan and bristled even more. “Did he touch you?” he growled, nodding to Ethan who stepped away. Alec was careful not to have any skin contact with the clearly terrified girl, but he slipped off his coat and placed it around her shoulders to at least afford her some decency. “What’s your name?”

“K-Kara.” The girl stuttered before breaking down in sobs again, and clutching at Alec like he’s her lifeline. Alec stiffened for a moment before wrapping his arm around the girl and holding her close.

Antonov sneered from his place beneath Yuri’s foot. “You should have some fun with her, boy. Girl’s a real screamer in bed,” he jeered before Alec growled ferociously and Yuri twisted the dagger in his hand even further to silence him.

“You should never have done what you did. Either in our territory or anywhere else.” Yuri hissed, releasing the safety on her gun as she pointed it in between Antonov’s eyes. Alec quickly covered Kara’s eyes and drew her face away so that she wouldn’t see what Yuri was about to do. “I don’t care that the Effendi has given you the legal authority.” Yuri’s finger hovered over the trigger and Antonov’s eyes widened in fear for the first time. “Go to Hell, and may you burn in the flames of Gehenna.”

The gunshot echoed around the room as Antonov’s head snapped back from the shot’s ferocity.

Yuri didn’t even flinch at the blood splattered over her clothes and face as she placed her gun back in the holster calmly before landing back to the carpeted ground silently from her perch atop the desk.

Ethan let out a long sigh. “All right. There’s no turning back now—for any of us,” he remarked, looking between Yuri and Hayden.

“You realise the repercussions?” It was Alec who spoke.

The older boy was still holding Kara close to give her some comfort after what she had been through at Antonov’s hands, but he was looking at Yuri with worry and resignation—it spoke tales of just how well he’d known her.

“I do.” Yuri nodded. “I’m prepared for it. I have been for a long time.” She sighed, looking between Hayden and Ethan who both shrugged. “Can I trust you to handle the rest?” She asked Alec who nodded.

“We’ll get them home.” Alec promised. “I’ll take care of her as well.” He added, glancing at Kara before he switched his gaze back to Yuri. “Take care of yourselves.” He warned. “The Effendi is not someone you want to mess with, and you know that.”

“We do.” Hayden and Ethan echoed as one.

Yuri made a noise in her throat. “Let’s go.”

“Yuri.” Alec’s soft voice caused Yuri to stop in her tracks before she’d made it across the room to the door. “Why don’t you leave? You don’t have to do things that you don’t want to. You obviously don’t agree with the Effendi and his ideals. Why are you still with him—with them?”

“I’m leaving soon.” Yuri answered, and Alec looked surprised. “I can’t do this anymore. It is as you said, Alec.” She looked sad. “I don’t know what I want at this point. I don’t even know what’s right or wrong anymore. I’m hoping I can find my answer.”

“Then I hope you find it soon.” Alec responded. “When you continue lying to yourself, there will soon come a day when you can’t even believe in your own words any longer.” He warned.

Yuri gave a grim smile. “I’m leaving the rest to you.” She opened the door and left.

Alec called out to Ethan and Hayden as they prepared to follow Yuri. “Take care of her.”

Ethan nodded without breaking his stride. “We will.”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri, Ethan and Hayden knew what is going to happen to them the moment they made the decision to head to Klard and kill Ivar Antonov.

It might be something normal to the people of Adaytren; and more so to the nobles and even the soldiers. But Yuri had never liked the concept of slavery. Hiram had never liked it either; and thus, an unspoken rule had been that no form of slave trading were to be carried out in the territories under their jurisdiction.

Even for Dominion however, they could not touch one of the crime lords sanctioned by the Effendi to carry out the slave auctions without some extreme repercussions. Even Yuri wouldn’t be able to escape without some sort of harsh punishment.

Thus, none of them were very surprised when they were accosted by soldiers wearing the familiar black uniforms of the Jaeger Unit the moment they returned to the Royal City past sundown nearly a day later.

“Really. This isn’t really necessary, gentlemen.” Ethan drawled, though he had one hand on the sword by his side, even as the soldiers pointed rifles and guns at them—surrounding them to block off all escape routes.

“Do not resist.” The Jaeger soldiers parted ways to allow their commander to approach. Unlike the Jaeger soldiers however, Camellia Faylan wasn’t in uniform, but in her usual outfit. The glints of steel just vaguely visible within the hidden holsters on her person, however, told the three Enforcers that she was armed. “And you know why you’re under arrest.”

“Because we killed Antonov?” Hayden responded with narrowed eyes. “You would have done the same thing if you were there and saw what he’d done.”

A flash of regret flashed across Camellia’s eyes so quickly that the trio considered what they’d seen as just a trick of the light. 

“Be that as it may be, it is not our place to question the Effendi’s orders.” Camellia said tightly. “Do not resist and come peacefully. We don’t want to fight you.” She warned, her eyes shifting from one to the other. Her teal eyes finally landed on Yuri. “Yuri. Drop your weapons.”

Yuri let out a long exhale before she dropped her guns and held both hands up in an act of surrender. After a moment of hesitance, both Ethan and Hayden did the same thing.

The Jaeger soldiers were quick to close in, searching them for any other weapons and quickly disarming them. Special restraints were quickly snapped on their wrists. Not even Hayden would be able to break them with his inhumane strength.

“Come along.” One of the Jaeger lieutenants ordered from under his visor. “You’re going to have a lot of explaining to do for your actions in Klard.”

Hayden growled as one of the Jaeger soldiers elbowed him in the gut harshly, but he gave no further reaction to it and followed the Jaeger soldiers.

Yuri followed quietly, focusing on memorising the route that they were being taken through.

At first, Yuri didn’t recognise the dark paths they were led through.

As the minutes ticked by however, and the paths gradually became brighter, Yuri soon recognised where they were being lead to, and she felt nervousness slowly creeping up in her. 

The Sina Facility was the only prison facility in Adaytren located in the Royal City itself, and officially under the personal jurisdiction of Hiram Georges, commander of Dominion. The Effendi, however, used Sina as an experimental lab of sorts, with none of the test subjects being volunteers. Experiments that every candidate of the Child Soldier Program went through to enhance their senses was carried out in Sina as well.

“Piece of advice, Yuri.” Camellia remarked as they took the trio down to the deepest level and put them in separate cells. “Agree to whatever it is that the Effendi will offer you once he comes down to see you. Or you’ll be in for a fate worse than death.”

Yuri scoffed at Camellia even as she was shoved into the cell, still with the restraints around her wrists. “I’m not afraid to die.” She glared at the older woman. “And I don’t fear the Effendi, no matter what he may do to me!”

A muscle in Camellia’s cheek twitched as she locked the cell door. “You’ll soon change your mind.” She then left the darkness of the dungeon, thus leaving Yuri to her thoughts.

✯✯✯ 

Two weeks.

That was how long Yuri had been held so far, subjected to every kind of creative torture methods that the Jaeger Unit had seen fit. Food and water deprivation; using her as a punching bag; and even half-drowning her were just some of their methods.

Yuri was already certain that she’d probably already had a few ribs cracked, if not broken. Clearly, the Effendi had taken offense at how Yuri had thrown his offer to be his personal soldier back in his face and told him where to snuff it.

Though during the few hours that Yuri had to herself late at night, she wondered how Ethan and Hayden were faring. She hadn’t seen them since they were arrested, and she wouldn’t put it past the Jaeger Unit to torture them as well.

The Enforcers were trained to withstand torture and interrogation techniques—a fact that the Jaeger Unit knew very well. So all it came down to was a point of endurance—to see if they would give in to the torture methods or if Jaeger ran out of creative ‘methods’ to use on them.

Yuri coughed harshly, using her shirt’s collar to wipe the blood from the edges of her lips. Each night, after they were done with her, they would just toss her back into her cell and shackle her wrists again.

Clearly, no one wanted to take the risk of leaving her unrestrained.

“…Is it worth it?” A voice spoke from outside her cell, and Yuri looked up to see a solemn Gale leaning against the stone wall opposite, arms crossed over his chest and the sole of his left foot resting against the surface of the wall. “What you’ve done—is it worth it?”

“Yes.” Yuri said immediately. “I don’t regret anything. I knew what was going to happen when I went to Klard. I’d do it all over again.” Yuri coughed again, wincing as she pulled on some of her injuries. “What are you doing here? Does Jaeger even know that you’re here?”

“Nope. This is the only time I can use to slip down here.” Gale admitted, peeling himself away from the wall and approaching the cell. “You do realise that the Effendi is running out of patience? I overheard him speaking to Camellia. He might hand you over to Ezekiel if you continue refusing him.”

Yuri glared at Gale. “I’ll rather die than submit myself to that asshole!” she spat. Gale looked resigned. “I looked the other way when we were still in the Specialised Program, and I knew that what the Effendi was doing is wrong. I looked the other way even when the Effendi started sticking his fingers into Dominion’s business, and we’re slowly falling under his control even more. I’ve always looked away for all these years because I don’t want to face up to the truth. When was it, Gale? When was it that we became the very same thing that we’ve once hunted in the streets of Adaytren?” Yuri shook her head. “This isn’t what we are. This isn’t what we used to be. Not this time, Gale. I’m tired. I’m tired of everything.” She admitted. “I won’t look away again. No more. I will not lie to myself anymore! What the Effendi is doing is wrong!” Yuri thundered. “You know that! You see what I see! You know what he’s doing to this nation! You saw what he had ordered on Llyn, and on Nishka! Is this something that a ruler should be doing? Tell me that I’m wrong, Gale!”

Yuri’s voice echoed throughout the passageways, and the last part of her words echoed back at them.

Gale was silent for several moments before he sighed, looking older than his years. The dim lights lining the walls of the dungeon reflected in his eyes. “You know my feelings and stance on this. I know you do,” he said at last. “I understand your feelings, Yuri. I don’t like doing this any more than you do. But is it worth it? Are you truly prepared for the consequences? Deserting the forces is one thing. Being a known traitor is another.”

Yuri met Gale’s eyes boldly even as she got to her feet shakily, her back against the stone wall behind her. “I don’t do things that I don’t like, Gale,” she said. “You know that. And I knew what would happen when I went to Klard—I’ve told you that. I’m prepared for the consequences. I don’t mind dying for my convictions.”

Gale smiled wryly. “Yeah, you’ve always been like that,” he agreed.

“Taking the lives of others is easy and doesn’t leave you questioning your methods, Gale.” Yuri said cryptically. “But when it comes back to yourself, views are changed greatly.” She let out a breath. “Adaytren is a place where life is uncertain. We both know that.”

Gale’s eyes softened as he remembered that day so long ago in Cesar’s weapon shop. “Yuri…”

 “I don’t want to live if I have to continue taking the lives of others in order to do so.” Yuri admitted. “I’m getting out while I still can; and if you want my advice, I’d tell you to do the same.” She warned.

Gale sucked on his teeth. “…In Adaytren, you’re either with the Effendi or against him,” he cautioned. “You realise that, don’t you?”

“I do.” Yuri responded, walking towards the doors of her cell, facing Gale. “I’m not stupid. I know the consequences of my actions. It’s like I’ve said before, Gale. I’d rather die free than continue living as a caged bird. I don’t regret anything. I’m done following orders.”

Gale stared at Yuri for several long moments without saying anything before he felt his lips twitch. He’d gotten his answer.

She’d found her path.

Yuri had made her decision. As had Ethan and Hayden.

“You’re a survivor.” Gale said at last. “And I think it’s the best thing to be.” He turned away, discreetly dropping a ring of keys at his feet, and Yuri’s eyes widened with that action. “Don’t get yourself caught, Yuri.” Gale cautioned. “I’d hate to be your executioner.”

Yuri waited until Gale’s echoing footsteps faded away before she dropped to the ground in a crouch, with her back to the gate of her cell. She then wriggled her fingers about—forcing them through the thin gaps in between the bars of the cell before grinning triumphantly when she felt her fingers touch cold steel. There were a few missed attempts, but Yuri finally managed to get a good enough hold on the keys before dragging them through the bars of the cell.

She frowned as she managed to get a good hold on the keys behind her back, and wriggled her wrists with what little space she had with her restraints, trying to find the correct key. Several moments passed before there was a satisfying click, and Yuri sighed with relief as the restraints slipped from her thin wrists, landing with a dull clunk on the ground.

Yuri massaged her sore arms and wrists, listening intently to ensure that the sound didn’t attract anyone. When she heard nothing, Yuri got to work by trying to find the correct key for the lock on her cell.

Yuri was under no delusions that Gale had been doing this under orders. Hiram had most likely pointed Gale in the right direction and had left him to it. If anyone ever found out that Gale and Hiram had something to do with their escape, prison time would be the least of their worries.

Yuri let out a small, triumphant sound as her cell door swung open, and she stepped out, looking left and right and even upwards at the ceiling for good measure to ensure that there weren’t any guards. Everything was silent, with not a single soul in sight.

The neighbouring cells were empty as well, and Yuri frowned.

Where were they holding Ethan and Hayden?

She walked down the passageway, careful to silence her footsteps as she walked. Several moments passed before she came across a room with a closed door. Yuri ducked behind the door as she pushed it open, cringing when it gave a loud creak as it did so.

She was half-expecting for a Jaeger soldier to come rushing at her at any moment, but she paused when the door hit something. Yuri peered around the door cautiously only to pause in her tracks when she saw the dead body of a soldier dressed in Jaeger’s uniform. A clean slit across his throat was the only wound—the mark of a skilled killer, and Yuri knew immediately who was responsible for it.

Gale… Yuri thought to herself as she scanned the room quickly; it seemed to be a room where they stored the belongings of their prisoners. It didn’t take Yuri long before she’d located her guns and her swords, and she quickly strapped on the holsters, relieved to find that her guns were still loaded. She was quick to locate Ethan and Hayden’s weapons as well.

Yuri took a few moments to search the shelves for some useful items, and was pleased to find a few handmade explosives on one of the shelves—probably something confiscated from a long-dead prisoner. They would probably be pleased that Yuri was putting their explosives to good use.

Yuri was about to leave the room in search of Hayden and Ethan when something out of the corner of her eye made her pause. The spine of a vaguely familiar book on the shelf where she’d found her weapons caught her attention, and Yuri pulled it out.

A piece of paper was sticking out of it, and Yuri pulled it out. 

Her lips twitched when she saw the words scribbled on the piece of paper in a familiar handwriting: “Don’t give up.”

✯✯✯ 

Ethan lifted his head slightly as he heard the sounds of light scuffles, and kept his position as they changed to the scraping of metal on metal, and the sudden reverberation of gunshots. The sounds ended as abruptly as they had begun.

A petite figure soon appeared in front of the jail cell that he shared with Hayden, and Ethan’s eyes widened a fraction when he recognised the battered and bleeding figure of his best friend.

“…Yuri?” 

Yuri nodded to him, breathing heavily. Identical twin blades, currently clutched in her hands, had been stained with blood—droplets of the crimson liquid dripped from the ends onto the cold gray concrete next to her feet.

“I’m getting you out of here.” Yuri explained in between huffs, producing a key ring from which various keys of different sizes and colours hung. She inserted one of the keys into the cell’s lock whilst Ethan tried his best to rouse Hayden.

The torture and intensive beating that Hayden had been through for the past two weeks had been worse than what Ethan had had to undergo. Ethan almost feared the worst when Hayden’s skin felt unusually cold to the touch.

“Hayden’s unconscious.” Ethan told Yuri as she unlocked the shackles restraining their wrists to the thick stone walls behind them, just leaving enough length for them to lay down. He then placed one of Hayden’s arms around his shoulders, stumbling slightly on his feet with the weight of the taller boy. “Come on, Hade. Don’t die on me now.” Ethan said grimly, tightening his hold. 

Hayden mumbled some incoherent words in response, and Ethan’s tense expression softened. 

“I’m getting you out of here.” Yuri said again as she supported Hayden’s unconscious body on his other side, a look of worry visible in her eyes as she glanced at Hayden. “The Guard will be after us soon. We have to hurry.” Her eyes flickered about, and her left hand clutched one of her blades.

“You’re coming too, right?” Ethan asked Yuri anxiously.

Yuri didn’t answer, and Ethan feared the worst. But then, finally, she turned to look at him as they walked out of the cell. As the flame torches on the stone walls illuminated her eyes, she nodded.

“…Yes.” Yuri answered at last on Hayden’s other side. “Come on.”

Hayden coughed harshly, and the two paused before the taller boy let out a groan and cracked his eyes open. “…Yuri? Ethan?” Hayden rasped, before his mind then caught up to the current events, and he shook his head to clear the mist covering his thoughts. “Ethan, put me down. I’m fine.”

“I found your weapons earlier. Take them.” Yuri passed to Ethan his sheathed sword and presented a familiar gun to Hayden, who took it with shaking hands. The taller boy may have awoken, but he would definitely be no use in a fight should one break out.

“We have to get out of here fast.” Ethan concluded. “Just the night duty Guard alone will outnumber us ten to one.”

The trio then increased their speed to as fast as they could go with their injuries.

It didn’t take them long before they were out of the facility, and Yuri was relieved to find that the skies above were dark, with whatever stars there are barely visible. The darkness would serve to cloak them from view. From the shouts and fuss going on around the Royal City however, it would only be a matter of time before a sentry or two discover them—with the number of soldiers that Yuri had taken down on her way to Ethan and Hayden; and also with the number of soldiers that Gale had taken care of to ensure that they have a clear path out of the facility.

Clearly, Ethan and Hayden were of the same opinion, as they tightened their holds on their weapons, and looked over their shoulders every now and again as they made their way towards one of the passageways out of the Royal City that they knew of.

Hopefully, Hiram hadn’t blocked it off.

But before they even got close to the exit, Hayden’s superior eyesight caught sight of more soldiers moving directly towards them from the direction of the wall that surrounded and barricaded the Royal City. “Wall guards! The intruder alarms must have set them off!” Hayden said as he began to sweat.

Yuri cussed to herself even as she looked over her shoulder and spotted some shadows moving in the distance. If they got surrounded, there’d be no escape. 

“We can either keep going and run straight into a squad that will be ready for us, or we can wait here and prepare for battle with said squad, but risk the team or teams behind us catching up and joining them.” Ethan concluded nervously.

Yuri resisted the urge to groan. So their only options were to either jump straight into an ambush and hope for the best, or set up their own ambush, but risk it being overpowered by significant manpower.

“I can’t decide which is worse.” Yuri grumbled, checking her guns and realising she had no extra magazines with her. “It’s like choosing to be drawn or quartered.”

Ethan and Hayden grimaced at the casual phrasing of the Effendi’s favourite methods of execution. “Come on, I’d rather avoid fighting anyone at this point if possible.” Ethan urged, grimacing as he pulled on one of his injured ribs.

Hayden narrowed his eyes as his advanced eyesight caught the moving shadows amongst the darkness. “Incoming! Three o’clock!” he warned, readying his own gun to snipe down the advancing enemy.

Ethan was the first to spring into action as he leapt towards where Hayden had cautioned and slashed at the enemy ahead with his sword—not as fast or nimble as he used to be due to his injuries. Yuri was right behind him, twin blades in hand, her face pale.

Ethan got one directly in the neck and stabbed the soldier behind him in the heart. Yuri meanwhile was standing back-to-back with Ethan and had taken care of another three soldiers who didn’t even get the chance to move before Yuri had taken them down.

“You won’t be getting us alive.” Hayden snarled as he grasped a soldier, easily knocking the high-powered rifle out of his hands and snapping his neck with a twitch of his wrist.

“Traitor!” Two of Yuri’s opponents pelted her with gunfire from their high-powered rifles as she landed onto the ground, and only her fast reflexes prevented her from being turned into spaghetti sauce. Due to her injuries however, she isn’t as fast as she would like, and one bullet found its way into her shoulder, with another bullet hitting her in the leg.

“Yuri!”

“You see that?” One of the soldiers told his companions. “We have numbers on our side! We can do this! The Enforcers of Dominion aren’t as good as they made themselves out to be!”

He was silenced immediately by a shot by Hayden. “You’re overestimating yourselves, fool.”

While Hayden distracted the remaining soldiers, Ethan took advantage of the opening by slinking into the shadows and attacking two of the soldiers from behind.

His sword sliced through their jugular veins like a hot knife through butter; and with a low gurgle, both collapsed to the ground, clutching at their throats.

The remaining soldiers paled; they hadn’t even notice Ethan moving. Was this the power of a Dominion soldier?

Yuri slammed her foot atop the dead body of one of the fallen soldiers, glaring at the survivors with a look that was enough to melt steel; her right hand was clutching onto a pure black blade whilst her left held an ivory handgun.

“If you truly wish to find out what makes Dominion so feared, then why don’t you come?” She taunted.

There was a loud howl of pain from one of the soldiers as Hayden shot his leg, and the soldier collapsed to the ground; clutching at his right knee. 

Ethan almost grimaced at the sight of the mangled leg. Truly, Hayden could be sadistic when the mood suited him. Even if the soldier somehow miraculously managed to survive the night, he’d likely never be able to be a soldier again.

The three living soldiers didn’t even realise that they’d been herded in by the three. Their only hope was for the advancing forces to arrive.

The soldiers froze in place as Hayden and Yuri raised their guns at the same time, pointing at their heads with ice-cold expressions on their faces. “Give our regards to your comrades in the afterlife.” Hayden spoke with a cold smile.

Gunshots. The bullets hit their intended spots; two out of the three soldiers fell to the ground with blood pooling around their heads. Now, that only left the last man; the one with the mangled knee.

Ethan and Hayden watched as Yuri walked towards the wounded man who fumbled with his handgun frantically, but this only ended with Yuri using her sword to cleave off the hand holding the gun, taking off three of the fingers on the other hand at the same time.

A scream of pain followed as the man stared at the bleeding stump where his hand used to be, tears leaking from his eyes due to the pain. Yuri grabbed the collar of the man’s uniform and jerked him to meet him at eye level where he froze as he met cold silver-blue orbs. 

“We won’t be anyone’s tools—not anymore.” Yuri hissed. “We’re done following orders. Tell this to your comrades. And tell this to the Effendi. Anyone who comes after us—don’t think of returning alive, or in one piece. And if you want our lives, you’re welcome to try and claim them—if you can.”

✯✯✯ 

The dozen or so soldiers that were dispatched from headquarters weren’t about to give up in their pursuit of the traitors. The fact that they’re Dominion’s Enforcers notwithstanding, there was an extremely high bounty resting on each of their heads. Whoever managed to arrest or kill one would be set for the rest of their life.

That thought propelled the soldiers as they moved towards where their targets were said to be.

Or at least, it was until they saw the site of the very short conflict that had just transpired, complete with the bodies of their deceased comrades. More than one soldier was stunned at the amount of damage done in just a few minutes—the time it had taken for them to catch up.

More than one soldier flinched when they saw the sight of the lone survivor, with blood still flowing like a river from the stump of his wrist and trying not to move his mangled right knee.

His face was pale and his eyes almost glazed over—like he’s slowly going into shock.

“What happened here?” The squad leader demanded even as another soldier—the first to reach his severely injured comrade, dropped to his knees and began checking him over. “They got through your entire squadron in just a few minutes?” He sounded almost unbelieving—and for good reason. “Which way did they go?”

“Expected from Dominion.” Another soldier murmured, looking left and right as if hoping to catch a glimpse of the members—or rather, former Enforcers of the infamous squadron.

The injured man coughed, attracting the attention of his comrades, and he looked up, his eyes half glazed over due to the extreme pain. He also looked pale and terrified and slightly confused. “That girl… The Black Fang…” A shudder went through the entire group at the mere mention of Adaytren’s most notorious assassin, “She… She said that if I saw any of you, to relay a message. She said that if any of you go after them, then don’t think of returning alive.” His eyes then turned up towards them, full of terror as he reached with his remaining hand and slowly pulled one side of his jacket away by using just his thumb, revealing a trio of circular shaped bombs strapped to the inside of it—held in place by using the inside straps of the Guard jacket. The bombs were already glowing red—a clear sign that it is close to detonation. “Please… Help me. Please get them off.” He whispered in a shaky voice.

Shock and terror rolled through the eyes of the surrounding soldiers even as all that they could do was try to escape from the blast radius of the forthcoming explosion.

✯✯✯ 

The sound of the explosion could be heard from behind them loud and clear—hopefully taking several of their pursuers with it. 

 “That’ll delay them.” Ethan murmured, head turning slightly towards the direction of the Royal City. “Hopefully, it’ll buy us enough time to get away.”

“Where to now?” Hayden asked Yuri, who was leading their group.

“For now, we put as much distance as we can between ourselves and the Royal City and head for Alec.” Yuri answered quickly, grimacing as she pressed a hand at her side. “From there, we bide our time, and then, we decide on our next move. Because whether we like it or not, we’re going to be on the Effendi’s most wanted list now.”

✯✯✯ 

A pair of soft footsteps, almost unheard, walked through the billowing smoke. Large splatters of blood and body parts were scattered all over the ground, and alarms were already sounding all across the capital city.

The only soldier that is barely clinging onto life—the squad leader of the squadron that had rushed to assist the first team gasped for breath, his hand reaching out to grab the communicator device not far away.

“…We…have a…problem…” The soldier croaked. “…The…traitors…”

A booted foot stomped onto the communicator device, shattering it into bits before the soldier could grasp it. The dying soldier looked upwards only to immediately recognise the person standing in front of him.

Gale looked down at him coldly, a sword grasped in his right hand, as he ground the heel of his boot deeper into the pieces of the broken communicator device for good measure.

“…I don’t think so,” he said coldly.

The dying soldier wheezed, glaring at Gale for good measure. Of course. How could he forget that Dominion’s Enforcers have always taken care of their own? So that explains how they broke out of Sina.

“…You…traitor…!” The soldier rasped before he let out a startled wheeze as Gale stabbed his sword through his throat. The soldier slumped onto the ground, silent and motionless.

Gale removed his sword, giving it a few good swings to flick off the excess blood before sheathing it slowly. “To be a traitor means that I first have to be loyal to the Effendi.” Gale said nonchalantly, ignoring the babble of panicked voices in the distance. He sighed before glancing towards the north eastern secret entrance that only the Enforcers knew about, and that he’d deliberately left wide open for Yuri, Ethan and Hayden’s to use. Gale’s lips twitched, fighting the urge to simply step through the same gate and go after his partner. “…Stay safe, Yuri.” Gale whispered. “Godspeed.”







12

FIRST MEETING


“The most important person you have to learn how to live with in this world is you.” - Jennifer Twardowskig

✯✯✯ 

“It’s Karen. She’s been caught by the Guard.”

For several moments, Yuri was almost certain that she hadn’t heard correctly. 

When Yuri realised that her ears were working fine, and that she had neither heard Ethan wrong nor was he joking, a sinking feeling started to pool in her gut. “Where and how?”

“We haven’t seen or heard from her since she left early before dawn yesterday—just after you both left for Solaris.” Leticia took over from Ethan, a worried frown on her face. “She’d said that she was going to scout out the situation around the Royal City—”

“I told her not to go!” Ethan interrupted, frustration coloring his tone. He ran his fingers through his hair so that it stood almost on end. “I said that it’s too dangerous, especially just with how much attention we’ve been bringing to ourselves lately.”

“But Alec’s group has been lying low for months due to what had happened to Lesley. We didn’t really have a choice if we need more info.” Leticia added, causing Hayden and Yuri’s heads to swivel to and fro.

“And how do you know that Karen has been captured?” Hayden probed.

“From an informant on the ground.” Leticia answered, keeping a sharp eye on Yuri as she spoke, especially as the younger girl looked as if she was about to explode. “She said that one of our own had been captured near the Royal City—”

“When?” Yuri barked.

Hayden took a step backwards out of sheer instinct. He hadn’t seen Yuri this pissed off since their days in Dominion when she’d dragged both Hayden and Ethan to Klard all those years ago.

“Early in the morning, according to the informant.” Ethan answered grimly.

Yuri’s eye twitched dangerously as she counted rapidly from one to twenty in order to calm herself down. Rage boiled up within her, fuelled by a sickening fear that cut into her heart. “…Then why am I only hearing about this now?” Her voice came out almost as a whisper.

“She only came forward an hour ago—just before you both returned.” Leticia answered slowly, “She’s a street vendor in the Royal City’s marketplace—closest to the Guard headquarters—”

“Bullshit.” Hayden interrupted, glaring daggers at the countertop; having come to the same conclusion as Yuri. It couldn’t be a coincidence that Ezekiel had ‘chanced’ upon them in Solaris after all. “She’s helping them.” Hayden snapped his eyes up towards Ethan and Leticia. “She was only told to come forward now. Karen’s bait. They want us to come for her. It’s a trap.”

Ethan frowned, a muscle in his cheek twitching. He glanced at Leticia. “…Leticia?”

“Don’t worry. I’ll take care of her,” was all that Leticia said. The underground had strict rules about selling out their own, after all. Most of the time, the ones that did generally didn’t live long enough to see past another day.

“What are we going to do?” Hayden snapped, finally tearing his eyes away from the countertop.

Yuri looked up from checking her weapons. “Isn’t it obvious?” she questioned grimly. “We’re going to save Karen. The fact that Karen is actually still alive is already a miracle in itself.” Yuri sucked in a breath. “The Guard have made a major mistake, and they’re going to pay for it.”

Ethan barely restrained a shudder. He hadn’t heard Yuri this way since their early days—back when the whispers and dark tales followed the younger girl everywhere she went.

During the days when Yuri hadn’t even remembered how to smile.

“I’ll try to find out where Karen is being held—”

“Shh!” Hayden held up a hand, silencing Leticia, a frown on his face as he cocked his head to one side. “I hear something.”

Yuri was gone from his side in a split second, kicking open the door of Cat’s Eye. Dangerous silver-blue orbs met a pair of startled dark eyes, and before the man could even open his mouth, he felt a slender hand wrapping around his neck before being dragged within the café.

It happened within a few seconds.

A booted foot slammed straight into his chest as he was thrown onto his back, knocking the wind out of him, and the man coughed and gasped for breath. He gulped as four pairs of dagger-like eyes bore holes into him.

The cold steel of a blade was held close to his jugular vein, with Yuri pressing the sharp edge against the skin so that droplets of blood started to flow down his neck.

“A spy from the Guard?” Ethan questioned coolly, exchanging looks with Hayden who currently had his foot slammed atop the man’s chest. “Do you know where Karen is?” Everyone in the room knew that his words were a demand, not a question.

The man coughed as Hayden lessened the pressure on his chest, glaring up at the four currently glaring down at him. “I-I don’t!”

Yuri shook her head; she could hear the lie in his voice and in his expression almost instantly. “Lie.”

The man coughed harshly as Hayden slammed his foot back onto the chest. From the sound of the cracks, they could only presume that Hayden must have broken some of the man’s ribs.

“Hayden.” Yuri spoke, and Hayden scowled, but lessened the pressure on the man’s chest. Yuri however didn’t remove the blade from the man’s throat. “Start talking, and I might just allow you to live.”

The man coughed harshly, glaring at the four in the room. “Like hell I’m going to tell you anything!”

There was the sound of someone clearing their throat; and as one, all those in the room turned towards the source of the sound only to see Leticia removing a hidden dagger from within the holster in her sleeve. Yuri could tell that the dagger is most likely poisoned, given what she knew about Leticia’s combat prowess prior to her desertion.

“Then would you like a quick painless death or a slow painful one?” Leticia questioned pleasantly, though the cold smile on her face said otherwise. 

Ethan and Hayden barely restrained their shudders. Leticia had been one of Yuri’s first trainers before she was handed to the trainers in the Specialised Soldier Program. Thus, more than anyone else, they knew that Leticia is not someone to be underestimated—not when it is due to her that Yuri is actually still alive now.

“Start. Talking.” Yuri said slowly but dangerously.

“Alright! Alright!” The man finally broke, trying to hold back his bladder. Though with blood dripping from the deep cut in his neck, this had proved a futile feat. “I… I’ll talk! Just…don’t kill me!”

“I won’t ask again.” Yuri said, bringing the man up to her eye level by yanking onto his collar with her right hand. This caused the terrified man to gaze fully into cold silver-blue orbs—almost as if staring straight into the depths of hell itself. “Where is Karen?”

“L-Level 5…!” The man tried to get his words out as fast as he could, but stumbled over his own tongue as he did so. “S-Sina Facility. The Royal City. S-She’s in there!” Before he could beg for mercy, Yuri calmly slid her blade over his jugular vein and his windpipe—quick to drain his life.

“No…! No…! You promised—” The man gurgled onto his words, wide terrified eyes holding Yuri’s own cold ones for a few moments before life faded out of his dark orbs.

Even as the man sunk into darkness, never to wake again, he cried out silently in his mind. She promised! She said that she wouldn’t kill him!

“…My apologies.” Yuri said without a shred of regret, getting back to her feet even as she sheathed her blade. “I only said that I might let you live.”

For several moments, no one said anything.

Ethan was the first to break the silence. “If he’s from the Guard, or worse, sent by Ezekiel, it means that they know where we are now,” he said grimly. “This isn’t good. And if they got their hands on Karen…”

“Level 5… Of all the places for her to be held in…!” Leticia muttered irritably.

Ethan and Hayden exchanged worried looks.

Of the ten prison facilities in Adaytren, Sina was by far the worst. It was also the one prison facility with the tightest security. 

You could enter, but you’d never leave alive.

Ethan looked towards Yuri, having found her to have been strangely quiet for the past several moments. She had her phone out and was tapping away on it, before placing the phone back in her pocket.

“It’s basically a challenge to us, isn’t it?” Yuri smiled grimly; and there was something in her eyes that made Hayden and Ethan froze where they stood. “Then I say we answer it.” She turned on her heels. “Take care of that corpse and lay low. I’ll be back in a bit.”

“Yuri, where are you going?” Leticia interrupted as both Ethan and Hayden cast quick looks towards the dead body currently leaning against the bottom of the bar counter before turning their attention back towards Yuri who had her hand on the doorknob of Cat’s Eye. Leticia looked furious as she addressed Yuri. “You can’t be thinking of heading to Sina? It’s suicide, and you know it!”

“Well, we can’t leave Karen in there.” Yuri retorted, not turning around. “Besides, I know better than to just barge in without backup or a plan.” She glanced back, and there was a cold look in silver-blue orbs that reminded Ethan a great deal of how Yuri had once been. “I’m going to get some help. I’m going to Alec. We need the Undertakers’ assistance if we want to save Karen. We can no longer sit back and pretend that none of this is our concern.”

Ethan was silent for several moments before he nodded in agreement. “She’s right,” he remarked, “even if Hiram will leave us be, it doesn’t mean the Effendi will.”

“We’re ending this.” Yuri stated, opening the door of Cat’s Eye with a slight creak. “We’re going to take down the Effendi.”

✯✯✯ 

Gale restrained the urge to groan out loud as he walked down the passageways of the Sina facility with Hiram Georges next to him.

This was so going to blow up in their faces!

Gale knew that Yuri wasn’t going to let this go. That girl had the tendency to nurse a grudge.

“Yuri isn’t going to let this go, Hiram.” Gale remarked as they took the long way to their destination, passing soldiers who gave a sharp salute as they passed. “This is one sure way to piss her off.” Gale warned the older man, who gave nothing away that he’d heard Gale but a slight twitch in his cheek. “And how in Gaia’s name did they manage to capture Karen, anyway?”

“She is highly skilled in espionage and intelligence gathering. But combat wise, she is not quite as skilled as Yuri or yourself.” Hiram answered as they descended the stone steps to the underground levels, their footsteps echoing ominously as they did so. 

Gale gave a snort. “…It’s not really fair to compare Karen’s combat skills to Yuri, sir.” Gale remarked, and Hiram gave a tight smile. “And by that, I assume that Karen was ambushed and outnumbered. That’s likely the only way for them to capture her alive. The Jaeger Unit then? Or maybe the Pursuers?” Gale guessed.

Hiram didn’t answer, but Gale knew that he’d hit the nail on the head. They descended further still. Finally, when they reached the lowest level, Hiram spoke again.

“What do you think of this, Gale?”

Gale frowned, tapping a finger steadily on his thigh as he walked. “It’s obvious, isn’t it?” he remarked. “The Effendi. Camellia. And Ezekiel.” He ticked off on his fingers. “They’re doing this to lure Yuri out. Karen’s bait.”

Hiram made an affirmative noise at the back of his throat. “…First was the breakout at Caleum. Then Marshall’s assassination at the party. Followed by the destruction of Volans.” He ticked off on his fingers, smiling wryly. “Suffice to say that Yuri and the other two aren’t exactly making it a point to lay low. They’ve been drawing some unwanted attention—”

“And by that, I assume that the Effendi wants Yuri back?” Gale interrupted, and Hiram gave a curt nod. The younger man made a rude sound. “That won’t be happening. Yuri would sooner throw herself off the rooftop of Dominion headquarters than become his attack dog. It’s why she left to begin with.” Gale managed to read the indescribable look on Hiram’s face and he frowned. “Ah. I get it now. So that’s why they went after Karen.”

“There isn’t a lot that Yuri treasures and cares for.” Hiram pointed out. “Her friends are at the top of the very short list. They can’t touch you for certain reasons. That’s why…” He trailed off slowly. “Karen.”

“Karen.” Gale echoed, nodding. “And they’re making a big mistake.” He reminded Hiram. “She will never do things she doesn’t want to. And if they think they can force Yuri to do anything, they’ve got another thing coming.”

Hiram pinched the bridge of his nose. “…It’s like sticking your hand into a poisonous viper’s nest, and hope that you don’t get bitten,” he muttered irritably. Despite the seriousness of the situation, Gale coughed to disguise his laughter. “It’s a dangerous game that they’re playing here—the Effendi, Ezekiel, Camellia and Yuri.” 

Gale recognised the faint hint of concern in Hiram’s tone. “Yuri knows what she’s doing,” he said firmly and confidently. His last meeting with Yuri had told him as much. Gale trusted his old partner. “She always has a plan. She’ll be fine.” Hiram said nothing as they arrived at the last metal door in the underground. “And is that why we’re here?” Gale enquired, looking from Hiram to the door, his brows furrowed.

Hiram nodded. “Yes. I want to talk to Karen,” he answered even as he unlocked the door and slipped back the bolts.

With a creaking groan, the door swung open.

The room within was pitch dark as Hiram stepped in, and Gale followed. A single dim lightbulb hanging overhead was turned on.

Even so, it took Gale several moments for his eyes to adjust to the darkness.

Karen was secured to a metal chair in the middle of the room. Dried blood plastered her auburn hair to her forehead. There were bruises visible on her face, with more dried blood above her lip. Bruises and lacerations were also visible on her arms, and her clothes were ripped. Metal chains secured her arms to the back of the chair, and her ankles secured to the legs.

Clearly, the Effendi and the Jaeger Unit weren’t taking any chances with Karen, especially since she’d trained together with Yuri and Dominion once upon a time.

Gale fought hard to not show his emotions. Honestly, he shouldn’t be surprised. He of all people knew just how the Effendi, the Guard and even the Jaeger Unit treated deserters and the traitors. The fact that Karen was actually still alive was already a miracle in itself.

Most probably, the only thing that’s still keeping the young woman tied to the world of the living was because the Effendi needed her alive to lure Yuri out.

Karen squinted, with her dark eyes slightly misted over with fever—most likely due to the infections in her numerous wounds.

Karen breathed heavily. “…Hiram Georges, commander of Dominion.” Her voice was hoarse and cracked. “And Death Reaper, Gale. So what brings two of Dominion’s best to grace me with your presence?”

Hiram looked over his shoulder and then glanced at Gale. “Gale.” It was only one word, but Gale immediately understood what Hiram wanted.

Without a word, Gale immediately shut the metal door of the cell, thus shutting off the light source from the passageway. He took several moments to focus his senses before he turned his attention back to Hiram.

“We’re clear.” Gale answered. “I don’t sense or hear anyone.”

Hiram nodded curtly before turning his attention back towards Karen. “It’s been a long time, Karen,” he said almost wistfully. “Three years? Maybe a little more than that?”

“Around there.” Karen answered, letting out a light hiss of pain when she pulled on her injuries. She tried to shift with the little room that allows her to at least move—with how her limbs were shackled to the chair that she is secured to. “I didn’t think that you’d come down here with Gale. The Effendi…and Camellia…” Karen’s words came in slight hitches and pause of breath—almost as though it hurt her to even speak. “They…don’t know that you’re here, do they?”

Hiram shook his head. “…I need to talk to you,” he said. 

“I’m not saying anything.” Karen said stubbornly, glaring at Hiram with whatever venom that she could muster. “Why else…do you think I let Jaeger…beat the crap out of me? Do you think…that I’ll betray my friends? That…I’ll betray Yuri? I’d sooner die…than do that.”

Gale closed his eyes briefly.

Typical of Dominion. While Karen was technically never officially one of them, she had trained with them. She had their stubbornness. And all Dominion Enforcers (save for one whom Gale could name) would sooner choose death than betray their comrades and friends should they ever end up captured.

“I know that you’ll never betray Yuri, Ethan or Hayden, even if you have to die.” Hiram remarked bluntly, causing both Karen and Gale to give him odd looks. A muscle twitched in Hiram’s cheek. “I don’t want to know where they are. I just want to hear it from you. How are they doing?”

Karen studied Hiram for several long moments. Finally, as if satisfied with something, her muscles relaxed. “Why do you even care what happens to them? I heard about it from Leticia and even snippets from Ethan. You turned them into the killers—into the soldiers they are now.”

“Under orders, yes.” Hiram nodded, not bothering to refute the accusations. “It is similar to how you were trained as a soldier when you went through the Child Soldier Program. The only thing that I can do for them was to give them the power to control their own lives. A choice that they wouldn’t have had if they fell under the Effendi’s direct control.” He paused. “Just…answer me, Karen. How are they?”

 “…You trained them yourself,” Karen said at last. “They’re survivors. All of them. And you know exactly what they’re capable of. So shouldn’t you know the answer to that question better than anyone else?”

Hiram gave a small smile. “Yes. I suppose I should,” he murmured. “It’s been good seeing you again, Karen.”

Karen shifted her gaze to Gale before turning her attention back towards Hiram. “I’m going to be executed, aren’t I?” she said matter-of-factly. No sadness. No fear. Nothing. “I know why they’re keeping me alive. And like I said, I’d sooner die than let the Effendi get his slimy paws on Yuri again.”

“Then you should know that Yuri wouldn’t let you die.” Gale responded from his position by the door.

Karen chuckled darkly before letting her head slump forward. “…I’m not worth that effort,” she admitted at last.

“It’s not up to you to decide that.” Gale said. “It’s Yuri, Ethan and Hayden who will decide that. And I can tell you now, Karen. They wouldn’t leave you to die. I know my old partner.”

Karen said nothing, and Gale knew that the conversation was over. He looked at Hiram who nodded. They couldn’t stay any longer.

“…See you, Karen.” Gale murmured as he opened the cell door to allow Hiram to leave. The younger man followed close behind, and closed the cell door behind him as he did so. He was then quick to replace the bolts and locks to make it seem as if no one had been to visit.

“Are they really going to execute her?” was the first thing out of Gale’s mouth the moment they started walking down the passageway. 

“If you’re referring to a public display, then yes.” Hiram nodded. “It’s all an attempt to lure Yuri out. And honestly, I don’t know what she’ll do. But yes, I know that it is highly unlikely that she’ll leave Karen to die.” He added the last part as an afterthought.

Gale sighed. “I have no wish to incite Yuri’s wrath,” he admitted at last. “And may Gaia be with the person stupid enough to piss her off. She’ll be delivering his body in pieces.”

Hiram snorted, but said nothing. He’d seen the pictures of the scene three years ago when Yuri, Ethan and Hayden made their escape from the Royal City. The bodies of the soldiers sent after them weren’t even retrieved in one piece. 

“Yes, and I know who is most likely going to be her first target should she set her eyes on the Royal City.” Hiram answered grimly, walking up the winding stone steps to get back to the upper levels. He looked back over his shoulder at Gale. “Ezekiel.”

“Not much of a surprise.” Gale remarked, making a rude gesture. “He isn’t exactly popular with the soldiers to begin with. And Yuri has never hidden the fact that she detests him.” Hate would probably be a better description. “And he wouldn’t be the only one. The Effendi. Camellia.” Gale ticked points off his fingers as he stared at the back of Hiram’s head. “She’ll be after them. If they hadn’t targeted Karen or her friends, Yuri wouldn’t have done anything. But now they’ve made her angry. And she has the tendency to hold a grudge.”

“Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned indeed.” Hiram murmured.

“Ain’t that the truth?” Gale sighed.

✯✯✯ 

“Alec?” 

Alec looked up from sharpening his blades only to see an apprehensive Kara peeking into the room. Nicholas had his tools out in front of him, and seemed to be creating some explosives. Lesley, however, was looking through some papers.

Alec frowned before putting his knife down onto the table in front of him. “What is it?”

“Yuri is here.” Kara said. Alec exchanged bewildered looks with the remaining two, before the Undertakers’ doctor pushed the door wider so that the three could see Yuri standing behind her. “She said that she needs our help.”

From behind Kara, Yuri nodded grimly to Alec and the rest of the Undertakers. It had taken her all day just to ride from Allerton to where they had their current hideout. She’d had to take the less populated paths so that the Effendi and his Guard wouldn’t take notice of her, and thus, have Yuri lead them straight to the Undertakers.

“Yuri?” Lesley echoed with confusion, staring at the younger girl whom he hadn’t seen for months—not since she’d saved him from certain death at Caelum. “Did something happen?”

Yuri closed her eyes briefly as she walked into the room, trying to regulate her breathing to calm herself down. Behind her, Kara closed the door, and followed Yuri into the room.

“I need your help.” Yuri admitted at last, looking straight at Alec. Those words caused every member of the Undertakers to straighten up and pay close attention. “I need a way to get to Level 5, the Sina facility.”

It took Alec and the rest of the Undertakers several long moments to comprehend what had just came out of Yuri’s mouth. They stared, open-mouthed, with horror written across their features.

“…Come again?” Alec said at last, staring at Yuri blankly. “I’m not sure that I just heard you right, Yuri.”

“You heard me the first time around.” Yuri retorted, annoyed. “And you’re way too young to be suffering from deafness.”

“…Sina? Level 5?” Lesley said weakly, repeating the words like he hadn’t heard Yuri properly. “You want to go there? Are you insane? You’ll never make it out alive!”

“I broke out once, didn’t I?” Yuri shot back, irritated. “I just need a way to get in, and I figured you guys would know a way.”

“Yuri, what happened?” Nicholas cut in, interrupting Lesley before he could protest. It was true that Yuri had broken out from Sina once before with Ethan and Hayden. But that was with a great amount of luck on their side, and with Gale’s assistance. “Why do you need to go there?”

Yuri glared at the floorboards beneath her feet. Finally, she turned back towards Alec. “…They got Karen.”

Kara paled, and the remaining three stared at Yuri with horror. “Hold on. Start from the beginning.” Alec held up a hand, finally understanding the seriousness, and that Yuri truly didn’t have much of an option if she was approaching them for assistance. “What’s going on?”

“Karen was caught by the Guard sometime this morning just a little before dawn.” Yuri answered grimly. “Leticia and Ethan told me and Hayden about it when we returned to Allerton after our supply run to Solaris. It’s most likely Jaeger. Karen is being held in Sina. She’s being used as bait—”

“To lure you out.” Alec finished her sentence, understanding everything now, and Yuri nodded. “Not good. This is definitely not good.” He concluded grimly. Beside him, Nicholas gave a grunt.

“Alec, do you know a way in there?” Yuri asked again. And Alec almost missed the signs that Yuri’s distress and was bordering on panic.

Kara was the first one to break the silence. “…One does not simply walk into Sina and hope to walk out again,” she said at last. “It is beyond suicidal, Yuri, and you know that.”

“Well, I’m not leaving Karen in there.” Yuri said firmly.

Nicholas looked solemn, but finally, he sighed. “Alec, what if…?” Nicholas trailed off, eyeing Alec apprehensively.

Alec looked worried, but he nodded.

“What?” Kara asked, looking from one to the other.

Alec was the one to answer. “Back when we first started the Undertakers—before Kara and Lesley joined us, we were in the business of breaking out prisoners,” he answered, gesturing towards himself and Nicholas. 

“Granted, the majority of them were being held in the provinces, so it wasn’t really that difficult.” Nicholas added. “But there was this one prisoner that we were in the midst of breaking out a few years ago that didn’t really go through.” He looked at Yuri carefully. “He was being held in Sina.”

“Sina?”

“Yes.” Alec nodded, crossing his arms. “Basically, we were using the sewer passages for that particular prison break—the underground tunnels. It cost us a bomb to secure the blueprints and the underground maps from Orion when Nick and I first started doing this.” He exchanged an amused smile with Nicholas, recalling just how much money it had taken them to buy those maps and blueprints from the scarred informant. “Apparently, back before the Uprising, there were secret passages that the old royal family and Parliament used during times of emergency.” Alec explained. “Those passageways are still around—just not maintained. And one such passage leads right to the Royal City—close to the Sina facility.”

“I’ve never heard of it before.” Yuri murmured, chewing on the tip of her thumb. “And if not even Dominion had heard of it…” She trailed off, and Nicholas nodded.

“Then chances are good that not a single person in the Effendi’s forces would have known about it.” Nicholas concluded. “Even amongst the underground, no one really knows about the passageways. Apart from ourselves, I think it’s only Orion who does, and he knows to keep his mouth shut. But because it hasn’t been maintained, it will be dangerous just to get through them in the first place.” He warned. 

“You said you attempted a prison break into Sina a few years ago?” Yuri brought their attention back to the original topic. A light beep caught everyone’s attention, and Yuri grimaced, shutting off the beeping sound from her wristwatch. “Sorry.” She murmured before she reached into the small brown pouch attached to her belt and drew out a single needle containing golden liquid. She rolled back her left sleeve and stabbed the tip of the needle into the revealed flesh. Yuri let out a sigh as she felt the tremors and pain passed before returning the used needle back into the pouch. “So back to what we’re saying?” Yuri prompted. “What happened to the prison break?”

“Like we said, it didn’t go through as the guy was moved before we could get to him.” Alec answered, tearing his eyes away from Yuri’s left arm even as she pulled down the sleeve of her coat. Lesley and Kara meanwhile were eyeing Yuri curiously. “He’d been a death row prisoner—that is why he was held in Sina. Not long after that, the three of you broke out and deserted the Royal City. That was when security in there was tightened to the point that we didn’t dare to venture near it, let alone attempt another prison break.”

Yuri made a non-committal sound in the back of her throat. “It opens up in the Royal City?” she questioned.

“Near Sina.” Alec nodded. “But leaving with Karen is another thing.” He warned.

“I’ll take the risk.” Yuri answered grimly, already running through several contingency plans in her head.

Alec exchanged looks with Nicholas who shrugged. He then looked at Lesley and Kara who both hesitated before they then nodded. Alec then turned his attention back towards Yuri. “Fine. When are we going to break Karen out?”

That sentence had the effect to break Yuri out of her thoughts, and she stared at Alec incredulously. “‘We’? What do you mean ‘we’?”

“You don’t think that we’re going to let you do this alone, are you?” Kara questioned, incredulous. “How long have you known us? And how long have we known you?”

“It’s too dangerous.” Yuri insisted.

“No more dangerous than you thinking you’re going to need to do this alone.” Alec pointed out. “Besides, we owe you one for saving Lesley.” He looked at Lesley who grinned sheepishly. “And we Undertakers believe in repaying our debts.”

“We aren’t going to back down, Yuri.” Nicholas told the annoyed girl, grinning. “You might as well accept it. Besides, you already admitted that you need help. Even with Ethan and Hayden, breaking Karen out of Sina isn’t something that just the three of you can handle. You had Gale’s help when breaking out three years ago, didn’t you?”

Yuri groaned, wiping a hand down her face, and the Undertakers exchanged triumphant looks with each other.

“Fine. But if we’re going to do this, I need at least one of you to stay behind in case something happens.” Yuri said at last. “If something happens to me—to us, I want the one that’s left behind to do something for me.” She looked at Alec. “If I don’t come back, I want you to go straight to Solaris, the Underground City. Demon’s Den level two. The bartender will know what. The rightmost room.” She added. “There’s something below the floorboards that I want you to hand straight to the Legion if something happens to me—something that might help them in their fight against the Effendi if they get the guts to use it.” Alec looked confused at that, and no one could blame him, as Yuri definitely didn’t hide the fact that she detested the Legion from day one. And now she was asking him to hand something to the Legion for her if something happened? “But…” Yuri clenched her jaw, refusing to look anywhere but at Alec’s confused expression. “But if it’s not there, Alec. I want you to forget I ever said anything.”

“Yuri, what—”

“Do you understand me, Alec?” Yuri’s voice rose in intensity. Her gaze remained fixated on her closest confidante outside of Gale, Ethan and Hayden, her eyes blazing with desperate ferocity. Her one staunch ally even prior to her desertion. “If it’s not there, you forget I ever said anything! Do not go looking into it. Don’t get others involved in this!” Yuri’s eyes held a type of desperation alien to Alec—never having seen her this way. “Promise me, Alec. Promise me you’ll do as I say if something happens.”

“I-I promise.”

“And the Legion, Yuri?” Lesley was the first to find his tongue after Yuri’s outburst. “Don’t you dislike them?”

“I do.” Yuri admitted. “But at this point, if something happens, the Legion is the only one who has the manpower to go against the Effendi.”

Nicholas gave a rude scoff. “If they had the backbone to do it,” he said dismissively.

There were grim smiles all around.

“What we were saying—” Alec brought the conversation back to the impending breakout. “We can create some distractions once we’re in the Royal City.” Alec gestured towards himself and the rest of the Undertakers. “You know the place better than we do. But it’s going to be risky, even for you.”

“Big understatement of the year.” Kara muttered. “The Royal City isn’t a place we can just fuck around with. We actually need a proper plan with several backup plans in place if we want to get out in one piece.”

“About that…” Alec spoke up. “I have word from the grapevine that Gale has been looking for you.” Yuri looked surprised. “He has to lay low, no thanks to Ezekiel poking around. But he apparently needs to tell you something. It’s probably about Karen.”

Yuri gave a small frown. “…Any idea where he might be now?” she enquired.

✯✯✯ 

The wind blew through Liam’s hair as he stood by the shore, staring out into the sea’s inky black darkness. He could barely see anything, even if he squinted in the darkness, but it didn’t deter him any.

He had always felt at ease being near the sea.

It was probably why his teammates could always find him here or the rooftop whenever he wasn’t out on missions or training. It was likely a good thing, then, that Legion headquarters wasn’t located too far away from the sea.

Liam glanced down at the small glass bottle currently clenched in his hands, a roll of paper visible within it.

Before his death, Liam’s father had told him that there used to be a tradition in this nation, long before the Uprising, where the people sent paper lanterns on a makeshift wooden raft down the river with slips of paper with the names of their loved ones written on it. The people of Adaytren believed the light of the lanterns would help to guide the lost souls to the afterlife.

But gradually over time since the Uprising, the tradition had become something for people to make wishes for, or for things they wanted to forget.

In recent years, Liam was pretty certain that perhaps save for Adaytren’s elderly—the tradition had likely been forgotten by most.

Kneeling down, and not caring as his pants were drenched with seawater, Liam pushed the glass bottle into the water, and watched as the waves carried the bottle away, bobbing along on the waves.

“…I have no idea if you’re even still alive, or if you remember me.” Liam murmured, eyes fixated on the glass bottle, as it was carried further and further away until he could no longer see it in the darkness. “But if you’re still alive, let’s meet again.”

There were soft footsteps on the sand behind Liam just then, and he turned, getting to his feet, only to see a solemn Evan approaching him, a leather folder tucked under one arm.

“Hey Liam, got a minute? There’s something I need to tell you,” was the first thing out of Evan’s mouth the moment he was within Liam’s earshot.

“Hello to you too, Evan.” Liam sighed, dusting particles of sand off his clothes. “What is it?”

“I heard from Jared that you’ve been trying to get a meeting with Blade and to hopefully hammer out some sort of agreement or alliance with them?” Evan questioned and Liam nodded. “I got word from one of my informants.” He handed over the leather folder to Liam, who took it curiously.

As Liam flipped through the papers, his eyebrows rose higher as he read what Evan had found out himself just several hours earlier. Finally, the younger male looked up from the folder.

“How much of this can we trust?” Liam questioned, tapping the surface of the folder with an index finger. 

“Well, Orion hasn’t lied to me yet.” Evan admitted. After his near brush with death months ago, he had been careful with the information that his informants had given him, always double-checking before acting on it. “I heard rumours before that Blade sometimes utilises his services, so it’s more than likely we can trust it.”

“Who’s stupid enough to target them though?” Liam frowned as he skimmed through the contents of the folder.

“Well clearly, the Effendi doesn’t care for their reputation. Or he does, and is trying to force them into his service anyway.” Evan said sarcastically. 

Liam pondered on Evan’s words.

The Effendi always had a liking for collecting rare and valuable ‘things’, Chris had pointed out to him once. The fact that most of the well-known soldiers the Effendi had surrounded himself with were also people with unusual skills or talent had proven it. And if the rumours were true, and Blade were former soldiers in his service, then there was probably a reason why the Effendi wanted them back when deserters and traitors were normally executed on sight.

“It’s not going to be easy to make contact with Blade, especially if they’re pissed now that one of their own has been nabbed.” Liam commented. “And chances are that the members of the Guard will be crawling all over Adaytren for them, especially after what they pulled with Volans.”

“You going to inform the commander about this?” Evan questioned, and Liam scowled.

“Hell no,” he said immediately. “You know how I feel about the Legion and the commander’s current stance on the underground. I’ve never approved of it. But this might just be my best chance to make contact with them.” Liam added, glancing at the folder once more. “Though if one thing goes wrong, that’ll be it. The Effendi and his Guard will be on us like flies. Even still…”

“It’s a risk that we have to take.” Evan remarked, and Liam nodded. “You might want to head for Solaris then. If you’re lucky, you might catch them there.”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri spotted Gale the instant she walked into Demon’s Den.

Unlike the daytime when Solaris was normally quiet, the night brings the underground city to life. 

The occupants of the bar’s crowded tables paid no heed to Yuri’s hooded form as she headed towards one of the back tables, having spotted a hooded figure with a half full glass of ale in front of him.

Neither of them said anything even as Yuri sat in the chair across from him.

“…I heard that you’ve been looking for me, Gale?” Yuri was the first to break the silence between them. The babble and murmurs around them acted like a background chorus, but they could easily block it out. Gale shifted a little in front of her. “I heard from Alec that Ezekiel has been keeping an eye on you.”

“…Yes. But I managed to shake him off.” Gale answered at long last, lifting the hood of his cloak slightly to reveal his gray eyes. “I think he might be onto me.” He cleared his throat, taking a sip of his drink before he spoke once more. “The execution.” With those words, Yuri paid rapt attention. “It’s a week from now. A public beheading. 3PM. Save her before then.”

Part of Yuri couldn’t help but be relieved that she didn’t have to break into Sina to get Karen out. Despite what she’d told Alec and the Undertakers, she honestly had no idea how she would achieve that when the Royal City had been on the alert for her, Ethan and Hayden for nearly three years.

A public execution might just be easier for them to thwart and rescue Karen from compared to breaking her out of Sina.

“…How is she?” Yuri asked at last, unsure if she actually wanted to know.

Gale reached for the glass in front of him, but didn’t lift it to his lips. “…Well, she’s still alive at least.”

Yuri studied Gale sharply. “That doesn’t answer my question.”

Gale only shrugged. “I don’t think I have to explain anything,” he said at last. “You know the Effendi’s stance on deserters and traitors. Frankly, the fact that she’s even still alive is a marvel in itself.” Yuri could agree. “And I don’t think that Allerton is safe for you anymore.”

“Well, we knew that right from the beginning.” Yuri remarked. “It’s only a matter of time before they find us.”

Gale made a non-committal sound within his throat. “…Will there be anyone helping you?” he asked, and Yuri looked at her old partner with a raised brow—one that Gale can’t see, but she nodded. Gale seemed to relax at that. “Get someone else out while you’re at it.”

“Who?”

Gale hesitated before he looked at Yuri. “…His name is Soma,” he said at last. “He was arrested a few years ago—just after you left. He came the closest out of all the assassins in the past to ending the Effendi’s life. He would have succeeded if I hadn’t been the one on guard duty that night.” He added.

Not a day had passed since when Gale hadn’t wished that he’d just allowed Soma to finish the job.

Yuri stared at Gale, an incredulous expression on her face. “And the Effendi let him live?” she questioned.

Gale hesitated. “…It’s complicated. And it’s Soma’s story to tell, not mine,” he said at last. “On the day of Karen’s execution, there likely won’t be many guards at Sina. Send someone there. Get Soma out.” He added. “I won’t be able to protect him for much longer. It’s the least I could do for him.”

Yuri nodded, and Gale relaxed. 

The two fell into silence for awhile.

“…I’m sorry.” Gale said at last, cradling the glass of ale between both hands in a bid to keep them occupied. “If only I’d been stronger… Then maybe… None of this would have happened.”

When did things become so complicated?

Yuri looked at Gale from beneath her hood. Gale’s body posture spelt tense and worried to Yuri. And tired. Just what is going on in the Royal City now? What has Gale been through in the three years when they’d left? What is going on with Dominion right now?

“You don’t regret your decision, right?” Yuri questioned. Gale shifted slightly before her. “Then don’t apologise. I don’t want to hear it.” Yuri gave a slight shake of her head. “You made your decision, Gale. I respect that. We each knew the consequences. We knew exactly what was going to happen.”

Gale gave a bitter laugh. “Funny,” he remarked. “I was the one to help you three to escape, and also the one covering for you for the past three years. So why the hell am I feeling like this?” He almost whispered. “Anger. Fear. Despair. Hatred. In a world such as ours, sometimes, anger is the only way to survive. From time to time, a life in darkness can bring you courage.”

“…If you live too long in the light, it can blind you.” Yuri murmured. “We know that better than anyone else. We are trained to be weapons—this is the reason behind our very existence. The Legion calls us cruel—inhumane. But that cruelty is a necessity, because it is a cruel world that we live in.”

Gale said nothing to that comment, because he understood its truth. Dominion might have been the lesser of the two evils compared to the Effendi’s Guard or even Jaeger—but the truth was that all those years ago, Gale and Yuri truly had no choice at all when it came to their future career path. It was either Dominion or the Guard for them—nothing in between.

The only choice they had was whom they chose to fight for.

“…I should have followed back then.” Gale murmured at last, staring at the glass cradled within his hands. “Then none of this would have happened.”

“We both know you wouldn’t do that.” Yuri reasoned at once, and Gale looked at his old partner. A small, sad smile graced her delicate features, making her seem older than her years. “Hiram needs you more than I do. And if you had left with us, the guy you asked me to break out—Soma, is it?” Gale gave a small nod. “He would have died that day.”

Gale gave a grim smile before leaning back into the uncomfortable wooden chair. The chair gave a low creak as he did so, and his eyes shifted to the ceiling above him.

“I wonder, when there is so much unhappiness, why do people even fight?”

For several moments, Yuri had no idea how to answer. Her eyes roved over the other patrons of Demon’s Den. Members of the underground that were still able to find joy in the simplest things in life because they are still alive.

“As long as we’re still alive, we can still change things.” Yuri looked at Gale, and a small smile graced her features. “Isn’t it the same for you too?”

Gale gave a smirk. “I guess,” he remarked. Taking a peek at his wristwatch, he then sighed as he realised that he had to return to the Royal City if he didn’t wish to answer some extremely uncomfortable questions from Ezekiel or the Effendi about his whereabouts. “I have to go.” He got to his feet. Tugging at the hood over his head to ensure that it concealed his face, Gale remarked. “…Be careful, you hear me? I can’t and won’t stop you from doing what you must. But no matter what, don’t get yourself caught. I wouldn’t want to be your executioner.”

Yuri nodded. “I will,” she promised. “Take care of yourself, Gale.”

Gale let out a low bark of sarcastic laughter. “I should be saying that to you.” With a light wave of his hand, he disappeared into the crowd of Demon’s Den. Over the heads of some of the patrons, Yuri just spied the door opening, and then, she knew that he had gone.

“A week from now…” Yuri mused. She’d gotten the information that she needed. Now all she had to do was to come up with a proper rescue plan for Karen. And for the first time in her life, Yuri prayed for the Mother Goddess’ guidance, and that she wouldn’t fail.

Getting to her feet, Yuri palmed her phone before sending off a quick text to Ethan, who had come with her to Solaris, to let him know that she was done with her meeting with Gale, also texting a location for him to meet her.

Tugging at her hood, Yuri then left Demon’s Den, relieved to finally get out of a place chock full of cigarette smoke and cheap booze. It is later than she’d thought, Yuri realised even as she glanced at her wristwatch before she quickened her steps, even as the night winds had started to pick up.

The weather was getting colder; perhaps they were in for another harsh winter.

Yuri frowned beneath her hood as she walked down the streets of Solaris, her sharp ears picking up the sounds of someone’s footsteps behind her. Whoever was following her was good, as his steps are almost muffled.

Yuri slipped a dagger from the holster within her sleeve into her left hand, palming the blade, quickening her steps, but not enough to alert her pursuer.

Turning a corner into Solaris’s shopping street, and quickly pressing herself against the wall of what was once a drug store, but had now fallen into a dilapidated condition, Yuri’s muscles tensed as the footsteps moved closer.

She had no idea what to expect. Who was this pursuer?

Someone sent by the Effendi? A member of the underground seeking revenge? 

Blade had made their fair share of enemies throughout the three years they’d been active as a vigilante group; and Yuri had more enemies than she could count even before that, from when she had been an active Enforcer in Dominion.

And then, a figure wearing a tan hood appeared, only to jump back when he spied Yuri.

“You might be quick and nimble on your feet, but it takes more than that to make a good spy.” Yuri remarked, ready to leap into a combat stance at any given moment. She studied the hooded figure across from her with an assessing gaze. The person was a male—maybe around her age or maybe a little older, judging by the body frame and the height. Yuri grasped the dagger in her hand by the handle. “Who are you? Why are you following me?”

“W-Wait!” The hooded figure spoke, flustered, placing his hands before him in a placating gesture. “I’m not your enemy! I don’t work for the Effendi! I’m with Legion.”

Yuri narrowed her eyes beneath her hood. Legion? 

“Did Lieben send you?” she questioned, her tone commanding.

The person across from her hesitated, and Yuri frowned. “Not exactly,” he said at last. “You’re a member of Blade, aren’t you? We need your help.”

Yuri studied the one across her contemplatively for a few moments, not releasing her hold on her dagger. 

Finally, she relaxed her hold on her dagger and slipped it back within her sleeve’s holster. “Fine. I’ll at least listen to you. What do you need?” Yuri pulled back the hood over her head, revealing her face to the person standing across from her.

Beneath the hood, Liam Michaelis froze. For a moment, it was as if he’d forgotten how to breathe.

He then remembered Evan’s words to him from so long ago; ‘if you’d seen her for yourself, it would have been almost like looking into a mirror.’

“…Yuri?”

Across from Liam, the female Blade member—Yuri frowned. 

“How do you know my name?” she demanded threateningly, slipping the dagger from her sleeve into her hand once more. “Who are you?”

With shaking fingers which were clumsy from their shaking, Liam reached for his hood and pulled it back, revealing his face to Yuri, who reared back like she’d just been slapped. Her eyes were wide with shock.

“…Yuri…” Liam could barely recognise his own voice, his eyes wide as he saw his missing twin sister for the first time in over a decade. “You’re Yuri, aren’t you?” He demanded, almost pleadingly. Silver-blue eyes roved over Yuri’s face, noticing the silver chain around her neck that is partially hidden by the black shirt and hood that she wore. Liam scrambled at the chain around his neck and pulled out the thin silver cross that never left him. Across from him, Yuri’s eyes widened. “Don’t you remember me?” Liam pleaded.

“Who…—?” Yuri’s voice shook as she stared at the imposter across from her. Something deep within her whirred, a tiny voice at the back of her mind telling her that she should know and recognise this young man. “Who the fuck are you?”

Silver-blue eyes so much like her own stared right into her own eyes.

“…Liam…Michaelis…”

It is almost like Yuri’s head exploded the moment those words had passed Liam’s lips.

Quick images flashed through her mind. Pictures that didn’t make much sense.

Voices sounded muffled—as though bubbling up from underwater.

“…Come on, Lily-flower.”

Yuri took a step backwards, suddenly finding it difficult to breathe as she stared at the young man across from her with wide eyes. A young man with a familiar face. Eyes that she felt as if she should know.

Laughter that sounded like bells.

“Won’t you take my hand? Come away with me from this land. Let me give to you all that you have given to me…”

A song that she felt as if she’d heard a long time ago rose to the surface of Yuri’s memory.

Small, familiar hands turned the page of a familiar book.

Baritone laughter echoed as strong arms picked up two squealing bodies.

“You both really love that book, huh?” The voice said teasingly.

A pair of dark heads bent over a book.

…A singing voice…

“…Share with me your tears. All your troubles and deepest fears. I remember when you chased all my shadows away…”

“Won’t you take my hand? Come away with me from this land…” Liam uttered one of the tunes from the song that had followed him since early childhood—one of the few memories that he still had of his mother. His eyes searched his twin sister’s, silently begging her to remember those days from their childhood.

“…Let me give to you, all that you have given to me…” Yuri murmured, the lines falling easily from her lips, her eyes wide. Why did she know the words? Why did this song feel so familiar to her? “You…” Her voice shook as she took an unsteady step backwards, terrified of the implications of what this could mean.

“…Yuri…” Liam took an uneasy step forwards, unable to tear his eyes away from the sister that he’d been searching for, for nearly a decade.

He barely registered the sounds of a motorbike’s engine in the distance before the black vehicle cut in between the two with a loud screech before coming to a halt, with Liam barely managing to get out of the way in time to prevent getting run over. The motorcyclist turned to glare at Liam, lifting his visor partially to reveal dangerous dark blue orbs glaring daggers at the Legion agent.

“…What…?”

“Yuri!” The motorcyclist called out, not taking his eyes off of Liam. Liam could only watch as Yuri got onto the pillion seat behind the rider; and as he made to stop them, Liam froze in his tracks as he met with the barrel of a gun in between his eyes. “Don’t you follow us any further.” The motorcyclist warned, tightening his grip on the gun in his hand. “Do so and I won’t hesitate to shoot.”

Yuri buried her face into the jacket of the motorcyclist. “…Let’s go.”

With a loud roar, the motorbike revved into action, and sped down the dark streets of Solaris, quickly disappearing from sight.

Liam remained rooted to his spot, staring at where his twin had been standing just several moments earlier. When he finally regained his bearings and managed to get his thoughts collected, he felt rage slowly bubbling to the surface.

Did Lieben send you?

Those were Yuri’s words. She asked him that earlier.

Did the commander know who she is all along and never told him?

Liam growled low in his throat.

Lieben has a lot of explaining to do.







13

CONFRONTATIONS


“Sometimes living is the cruellest thing to do.” - Unknown


✯✯✯ 

Liam didn’t even bother with locking his motorbike when he returned to Legion Headquarters from Solaris.

He kicked the front doors open as he entered, startling the pair of agents on guard duty, and ignored the greetings given to him by his fellow agents. He stomped down the hallways, his face unsmiling and cold. 

“Uh… Hello, Liam?”

“You’re back?”

“Hey Liam…?”

Liam ignored them all. He had his destination clearly in mind as he disappeared behind the door leading to the emergency staircase.

✯✯✯ 

Liam didn’t even bother to knock on Sage Lieben’s office door. He just kicked it open and used his hand to block the door from smacking him in the face as it swung back.

Sage Lieben looked up from the report in his hands and arched an eyebrow in the seething Liam’s direction. Like always, the Commander was buried elbow-deep in paperwork. Liam had never been able to figure out just why being an outlaw still generated so much paperwork.

“And may I ask what I’ve done this time, Liam?” Sage was tired of tangling with Liam day in and day out. If it wasn’t kidnapped Legion agents, then it was the way they handled the underground people. If Liam hadn’t been one of his best agents, and if he hadn’t been Johan’s son…

If anything, his words only caused Liam to bristle more.

Sage Lieben watched warily as Liam kicked the office door shut behind him and stomped up to the desk, slamming both hands down and sending large stacks of paperwork toppling to the floor.

“Michaelis—”

“I met a girl last night when I went to Solaris.” Liam cut Lieben off, silver-blue eyes flashing dangerously. Lieben eyed the young man warily. “She’s a member of Blade—also part of the group that saved Evan and assisted Chris in his Volans mission. Imagine my surprise when I met her for myself, and saw just what the fuck she looks like!” Liam’s voice was low and tight and controlled, but there was no mistaking the underlying cold fury in those words.

There were several moments of tense silence as neither of the two said anything—just staring each other down.

Lieben was the first one to break the silence.

“…I assume you want answers?” he said at last, weakly.

“No, I want to play golf. Of course I want answers!” Liam started off almost sarcastically before raising his voice until he was almost shouting. The younger man breathed heavily, his eyes betraying both confusion and fury. He clenched his hands into fists on the surface of Lieben’s desk without saying anything for several moments. “…Is that girl my sister? Is she Yuri?” He emphasised on the last word, desperately searching Lieben’s eyes for answers. “Just…answer me that.” Liam pleaded. “Nothing else matters anymore.”

Lieben gave a deep sigh, massaging his temples. He knew that this day would come. And he also knew that once it had, it might just ruin Liam’s trust in him. He wouldn’t be surprised if Liam walked right out of Legion.

“…Yes, she is.”

Liam stared at Lieben as though he didn’t even know him, his lips trembling. “…Why didn’t you ever say anything?” He finally managed to get the words out, his voice trembling. “You know that I’ve been searching for her for years! Why didn’t you say anything?”

Lieben closed his eyes momentarily before shaking his head. “I couldn’t.” He said at last, meeting Liam’s accusatory eyes. “Your sister—Yuri. She contacted me about a year ago—two years after she’d deserted the Effendi’s service with two of her friends. She sent an anonymous letter via one of our underground contacts—offering to give me information on the Effendi and the Guard. And in return, she wanted me to swear—to promise that I’d bring the Effendi down, and also to ensure that she and her friends can live out their lives in peace.”

“Her friends?” Liam echoed.

Lieben nodded. “Hayden Ashford, Ethan Blake, Leticia Light and Karen, no last name known,” he answered. “Former members of Dominion—just like Yuri.” Liam took in a sharp breath at the last part. Lieben curled his fingers below his chin. “They were the best of the Effendi’s forces. But they started questioning the Effendi’s beliefs and his methods for controlling the nation. Leticia Light was the first to leave before being followed by Karen. Yuri assisted in their escape. I don’t know what happened after that, but I know that at some point, Yuri, Ethan and Hayden got onto the Effendi’s bad side, and were imprisoned in Sina.” Liam’s eyes widened at the mention of the facility. “They were tortured. All three of them.” Lieben added. “But Yuri managed to escape after two weeks, breaking Hayden and Ethan out as she did. All three of them then managed to take out half the guards sent after them, almost blowing up half of the Royal City in the process. They’ve been in hiding ever since.”

“Blade…” Liam said slowly, as if testing the name on his tongue. “The infamous vigilante group. I’ve heard rumours that the members used to serve in the Effendi’s forces. Why didn’t I think that Yuri might have been amongst them?” He whispered, broken. Liam glared at Lieben. “And why did you never say anything? You knew who Yuri was from the very beginning, and you kept her from me!” He accused. “Why? Because you need her and Blade? Were you planning to use and discard my sister like you did countless others?” Lieben barely managed to restrain a flinch at the venom in those words. “Were you even planning on telling me at all, if I hadn’t seen Yuri for myself?”

Lieben sighed. “I won’t deny that I’ve kept quiet about your sister’s dealings with me, and that I knew where and who she was all along,” he said. “And you’re right in saying that I need Blade’s expertise. But you have to look at the bigger picture, Liam. How many of our agents have died? They can help us—”

“Fuck the Legion!” Liam lost his temper, slamming his hands onto Lieben’s desk once more, gripping the edges so tightly in his fury that his knuckles and fingers turned white. “I’m her brother! You have no right to keep knowledge about my sister from me!” Liam bellowed at Lieben, fighting the urge to just shoot Lieben in the head. He breathed heavily for several moments, glaring at the floor beneath his feet, forcing himself to calm down. Flying off the handle wouldn’t work here. “…Tell me more about her.” Liam knew that he is practically grasping at straws here, hoping that Yuri isn’t their enemy. He remembered Joshua’s warning to him from all those months ago: ‘you might one day find yourself pointing your gun at the very person whom you want to protect’.

Lieben nodded slowly. “Blade… They took on certain vigilante requests—like when they were at Caelum and broke Evan out at the same time,” he answered. “It’s no secret amongst the underground that they used to work for the Effendi. But make no mistake, Liam. They have their share of supporters amongst the underground and amongst the common people. When I met Yuri for the first time, it’s true that I knew who she was immediately. But then I realised that she didn’t remember anything from before she was taken into the Royal City. Her earliest memory is of going through the training program.”

Liam understood what that meant. “…They altered her memories.” Liam realised, and Lieben nodded. “Why did they take Yuri to begin with?” Liam wanted to know. “I’ve always found it strange, you know? We were both five years old. And Dad was just one amongst several Legion agents that could have proved to be a threat to the Effendi. Why did they take Yuri?”

Why not me, were the words that went unsaid.

Lieben sighed. “I have no idea,” he admitted. “It could be that the Effendi targeted her in the hopes of what she could grow up to be. Or it could be revenge against your father too—turning his daughter into a weapon that could possibly end everything he’d worked for. Johan came close to finding her whereabouts on his last mission.” A flicker of guilt flashed across his eyes so quickly that Liam almost missed it.

“It’s why Dad died.” Liam realised at last. Just how much had Lieben been keeping from him? The younger man kept his eyes on something other than Lieben’s face in an effort to keep his temper under control.

Lieben nodded solemnly. “Johan got careless,” he admitted. “After that, the Effendi went silent. It wasn’t until a few years ago that our agents started dropping like flies. And then Yuri showed up, offering to give me information on the Effendi and his forces.”

“Why?”

“Like I said before, Yuri had been questioning his ways and methods for years. And she isn’t the only one.” Lieben paused. “In the past, there were a few amongst the Effendi’s forces that tried to desert. They were always hunted down and killed—either by Jaeger or Dominion.” Liam flinched. “That’s why when Yuri and her two friends did the same thing, the Effendi spared no effort in tracking them down. They killed about half the soldiers sent to stop them on their way out. As a result, they’ve been in hiding for three years.”

Liam bit back the cutting remarks that he was about to let loose. All this while… One entire year… Lieben knew about Yuri, and he said nothing? Evan, Chris, Jared and Tracey… Why didn’t he follow up on it when they’d told him about a girl who looked almost identical to him?

They could have been reunited that much sooner!

“Where is she?” Liam asked at last, turning to meet Lieben’s eyes for the first time since he’d lashed out at the man. “Where’s Yuri? You know where she is, right?” The underlying threat to his tone didn’t escape Lieben’s notice.

Lieben sighed and took a breath before speaking once more, “You can’t go after her.”

“Watch me.” Liam growled with fury. “I will not ask again. Where’s Yuri? Where is my sister? I don’t care what you think about her, or even what you think you can do to her! She’s still my twin—my other half. Dad asked me to bring her home on his deathbed. To protect her. I swore that I would.” His voice cracked as he recalled his father’s dying moments. “I’ll leave the Legion if I have to, so don’t test me.” Liam warned. “Where’s Yuri?”

Lieben frowned and shook his head. He couldn’t risk the Legion. “You won’t be able to find her,” he said, and Liam frowned. “Nothing is more dangerous than truly desperate people, Liam. And it’s worse if they’re damaged. Your sister—whether you want to admit it or not, is damaged.” He warned.

“I will find her.” Liam swore stubbornly. “I don’t care if I have to search every inch of Adaytren. I’ll find Yuri.” He took in several deep breaths. “I told you and Uncle Sig when I first signed on. My first priority is my sister. I’ll stay on in the Legion until this war with the Effendi is over, but I will not be your whipping boy anymore. And neither will I allow Yuri to be used and discarded like you’ve already done to so many.” Liam looked disgusted, and his face remained cold and unsmiling. “At least we know that the Effendi and his people are our enemy. But what you’ve done? As far as I’m concerned, you’re no better than the Effendi.”

Lieben fought back a flinch at those venomous words even as Liam turned his back and went towards the door to let himself out. Before the younger man could turn the doorknob however, Lieben spoke once more.

 “Yuri was a Dominion Enforcer. You know what that means.”

“I do.” Liam said at last, not turning around to face Lieben. “And while I don’t agree with it, in a way, you probably did the right thing. You did what you could for the Legion’s continued survival. As for Yuri, I’ve never hated her. No matter what she’s done, I can never hate her.” He shook his head. “Because the worst thing is that I know I would have done the exact same thing if I had been her.”

With those words, Liam let himself out, allowing the door to shut behind him. He stopped dead in his tracks with the sight of Sigmund Lestat standing outside. And from the look on his face, Liam knew that he’d heard every single word.

With a grim smile, Liam said nothing as he walked past the man that had been like an uncle, or even a father, to him when he was growing up, clutching at the silver cross pendant around his neck.

“…This nation took everything away from me…from us.” Liam said at last as he stopped in his tracks. “We’re just kids. We aren’t supposed to be the heroes.” He spat the last word out. “But we weren’t given a choice, were we?”

Sigmund sighed. “No, I suppose not,” he admitted. He glanced at Liam who had his back to him. Even so, he could see how tense that Liam’s shoulders were. “What are you going to do?”

Liam said nothing for several moments before he started moving again.

“…I’ll bring her home.”

Sigmund sighed as he watched Liam disappear down the hallway and around the corner. He shook his head with disbelief. Sage, you damned fool, he thought to himself. There was a part of him that was also furious with his best friend for pulling the stunt with Liam in the first place.

But there was also a part—the worst part—that knew that if Sigmund and Sage had traded places, he would have done the same.

In recent years, Liam had rarely gone to him or Sage for advice or help—not like how he’d done so when he’d been younger and still crawling up the ranks.

Most likely, Liam couldn’t trust that they would put him or individuals above the needs and wants of the Legion, and he was right. The Legion always came first.

Letting out a heavy sigh, Sigmund pushed the office door open and entered. Sage Lieben looked a little startled to see him, then a wry smile appeared on his face.

“Here to yell at me too?” He asked Sigmund. “I won’t blame you if you do.”

Sigmund said nothing for several moments as he eyed Sage. When was the last time he had even seen Sage smile or joke around like he had so readily when they were younger? Ever since climbing up the Legion ranks, and especially after everything that had happened, it was like they’d drifted away from each other. Sage more so than Sigmund, considering that he had the weight of Legion’s fate resting on his shoulders.

“Honestly, Sage, I have no idea what you’re thinking anymore.” Sigmund admitted at last, deciding to drop the normally formal speech. It was only when they were alone with each other that he could address Sage as a friend. “I understand that everything you did, you had the Legion and Adaytren’s best interests at heart. But you have a habit of treating people like chess pieces on a board, and will often sacrifice the happiness and lives of individuals just to achieve your goals. While it isn’t exactly a bad thing, there are times when I feel as if I don’t know you anymore.”

Sage let out a bitter laugh, getting to his feet from behind his desk. “Yeah, I don’t even know myself,” he admitted. “I guess it’s true what they say—people change with age. And with power.” Sage fell silent. “I’m sorry. I’m just…tired. Liam has every right to blame me. I did keep word of his sister from him despite the fact that I knew he had been searching for her just as long as he’d been here. Johan would have punched me if he’d been here.”

Sigmund resisted the urge to let out a snort. Yeah. Liam’s temper had to have come from someone, and it definitely wasn’t Laura. 

“Just tell me one thing then.” Sigmund aggressively ran his right hand through his hair, half turning in his step to face Sage on his way out of the office, “Back then, did you really let Johan die when you could have stopped it? Did you deliberately send him on that mission because you knew he would die?” Sage said nothing, but shifted uncomfortably, but it answered many of Sigmund’s questions. “…I see.”

“Do you hate me?”

Sigmund closed his eyes briefly before turning towards the door. He paused in his step, with one hand pressed against the wooden surface. “No,” he admitted at last. “Because for what it’s worth, you’re still one of my best friends.” He admitted. Sigmund turned over his shoulder. “And because I know that if I had been you, I would have made the same exact decision. For the good of the Legion.”

Does that make me a terrible person?

Some days, it felt to Sigmund that it is.

Sigmund took a moment to collect his thoughts and composure the moment he exited Sage’s office. “…Johan, we’ve found your daughter,” he whispered. “We’ll bring her home. I promise.”







14

FINDING ANSWERS


“We know what we are, but know not what we may be.” – No Fear Shakespeare: Hamlet (Act 4, Scene 5, Page 3)

✯✯✯ 

Ethan didn’t stop his bike until they were far away from Solaris—out on the roads.

He finally came to a halt when they were nearly thirty minutes out of Solaris. Yuri took the hint as he killed the engine and got off the pillion seat, her mind reeling with what she’d witnessed for herself just minutes prior.

…He’s her brother?

What in Gaia’s name was going on?

“What happened?” Ethan asked, confused. “Who is he?”

“I…” Yuri forced herself to calm down by using the breathing methods that Karen had taught her so long ago. Only one person she knows will have the answers. And at this time of the year, there was only one place where he might be. Finally, Yuri looked at Ethan. “…I need to head to Ostywn.” Yuri was relieved when her voice came out steady.

Those words only served to confuse Ethan more.

“Ostywn?” he echoed, cocking his head to one side and furrowing his brows. “Why are you going there?”

“…I need some answers.”

✯✯✯ 

A single desk lamp was the only source of light available in the room of the government building. Hiram Georges always used the same room for his yearly inspection of the surrounding territories and soldiers of the Guard that use Ostywn as their training grounds.

Hiram’s eyes were starting to get strained from his constant reading of the reports that he had been leafing through for the better part of four hours, and decided that now might be a good time to call it a night.

“Hmm?”

Hiram gave a slight start as he felt a draft of cold wind. Didn’t he close the windows when he came in earlier? A slight prickle entered his senses. 

“…Come in and close the window after you, Yuri.” Hiram murmured whilst closing the folder that he’d been leafing through.

The white curtains at the windowsill gradually stopped fluttering. When Hiram turned towards the windows, the first thing he saw was Yuri seated on the windowsill with one leg propped up, eyeing him with an indescribable expression.

“It’s been awhile, Hiram.” Yuri spoke, the muscles in her neck tensing.

“Three years.” Hiram admitted. The leather chair gave a light creak as it was released from his weight. He walked towards Yuri before leaning against the wall on the opposite end of the window. “I’ve heard about it from Gale, but you look well. I guess freedom really suits you more.” He admitted.

Yuri said nothing to that statement. There was nothing that she could have said to it.

She regretted nothing. She would make the same decision again, regardless of how many lives she had taken back when she had left the Royal City and the Effendi’s service. And while she couldn’t speak for Ethan and Hayden, or Karen and Leticia, she knew that it was the same for them.

Better to die free than live as a caged bird.

“I got something to ask you.” Yuri said at last.

Hiram shrugged. “Yeah, I thought so when you made your appearance,” he said simply.

Yuri said nothing for several moments, suddenly finding the opposite wall extremely fascinating. “…The Effendi… Did he really kill my parents?”

Hiram stiffened before studying Yuri. “You remembered?”

“Bits and pieces.” Yuri admitted. “I see it in dreams sometimes—I can never understand it. But I guess going without the memory manipulation treatments for so long, I’ve been remembering things now—the real memories.” She looked at Hiram. “Answer me, Hiram. Did the Effendi…—did he really give the order to have my parents killed?”

Yuri had known the truth even back in the Academy. Nearly all those in the Child Soldier and the Specialised Programs had similar background stories. There were only a few ways that one would end up in the Academy, after all.

“You weren’t alone in that aspect.” Hiram admitted. “You know that. Most of those in the Child Soldier Program, if they weren’t recruited and picked up off the streets, were amongst those that had their families killed on the Effendi’s orders. I didn’t ask about the families whom the Effendi took the children from—it just makes it easier for me to follow his orders—anything to help me sleep at night. All that I knew was your last name,” Hiram met Yuri’s eyes fearlessly. The younger woman was searching his eyes desperately for answers, “…Michaelis. Yuri Michaelis.”

“…Michaelis…” Yuri tested the name on her tongue. And yet, somehow, it already felt familiar to her. Like she should know it.

Hiram nodded solemnly. “When Liam Michaelis’ name appeared on our wanted list, I thought… I thought that he might be related to you.” Hiram admitted. “I thought that he might just be your brother. A twin, perhaps. You both look too similar to not be related—”

“But you don’t know for sure.” Yuri pounced on the implications in Hiram’s words.

Hiram could only nod in acknowledgment. He might’ve guessed, but he didn’t know for sure. “No, I don’t,” he admitted.

“…Why did the Effendi do this?” Yuri almost whispered.

“‘Why’ indeed.” Hiram murmured. “You must know the reason, Yuri.”

“I don’t—”

“Think, Yuri.” Hiram insisted, cutting her off from what she was about to say. “You must have some idea. Why would the Effendi go to so much effort to get you on his side? What would he gain from destroying your life? Think.” Hiram urged. “You know him better than any of us. You’ve studied him for years. You know.”

Yuri had been studying the Effendi for years in a bid to either undermine him or kill him. It was true that she probably knew him better than most. And thanks to her training under Hiram, she understood the implications of people’s motives and actions.

Yuri closed her eyes briefly, digging up long-buried memories of her time in the Specialised Program—a life that she would rather forget.

“What makes you so special? Why you?”

‘Why’ indeed. Yuri wanted to know the same. Why me?

The answer was rather easy to come up with; Yuri probably already knew it herself years ago.

Why the Effendi had always taken such a vested interest in her.

Why Camellia herself had been one of Yuri’s first trainers when she had never taken on a protégé before.

Why the Effendi had always sought to place Yuri back under his direct control.

The answer was closer than she thought.

“Because of what I could grow up to be.” Yuri said at last. “A soldier. An assassin. One possessing unparalleled skill and anger. An attempt to create the perfect soldier.” She almost spat the words out, recalling what had lead to just three survivors out of the dozen candidates from the Specialised Program. And Yuri had no idea if Mikhail was even still amongst the land of living. “The Specialised Soldier Program.”

Hiram nodded. “Probably,” he mused. “But you refused to follow his bidding, no matter what the Effendi, Camellia or Ezekiel tried. And the Effendi’s alternative, Gale, failed his expectations, too.” Yuri looked at Hiram, her face pale. Gale was in the Effendi’s sights too? “Both of you were strong-willed and stubborn even from a young age. That probably saved both of you from becoming the Effendi’s mindless puppets.”

“Gale was a target too?” Yuri questioned, pale.

“Because of where he’s from, yes.” Hiram nodded, and Yuri didn’t ask any further.

“And…Mikhail?”

Is he still alive, was the question on the tip of Yuri’s tongue, but she didn’t voice it out loud.

Hiram shook his head. “I have no idea,” he admitted. “I told you and Gale years ago. I have no idea if he’s still alive. If he indeed is in Jaeger, there wouldn’t be any records of him.” Hiram studied Yuri carefully. “Does this answer your question, Yuri?”

Yuri shook her head slowly, distracted. “I don’t know,” she said at last. “I have more questions than answers, and I don’t even know where to begin asking. Things are more…complicated than it seems at first glance.”

“You’ll find your answers and your path, Yuri. You always do.” Hiram answered immediately. “No matter what you decide from here on out, stick to your path and don’t lose sight of it. You are and were my best student. You have the potential to surpass even me, Yuri. You have the capability to save this country—something that I can no longer do.”

“I’m not as good as you make me out to be, Hiram.” Yuri closed her eyes briefly before opening them once more. “I’m tired. I’m sick of all the running, the hiding, the countless battles… The hatred. I’m tired. I don’t have the strength to do that anymore. In the end, I couldn’t really protect anything at all.” She admitted.

“You’re stronger than you think you are.” Hiram insisted. “I have faith in you, Yuri. Do what you think is best.”

A muscle in Yuri’s cheek twitched. “…This might not have been a life that I’ve picked for myself, but for what it’s worth, Hiram, you did raise us. I thank you for that.” Yuri raised the window beside her, getting ready to leave.

“You’re going to save Karen, aren’t you?” It came as a statement more than a question.

“Yes.” Yuri nodded, removing the grappling hook wrapped around her waist like a belt. “I’m not leaving her to die.”

“Those who walk the path of revenge might as well dig two graves, Yuri.” Hiram warned. “I don’t know what you’re planning, but be ready for the consequences.”

“I always am.” Yuri answered at once, fixing the hook onto the windowsill’s concrete. “I don’t regret anything. But we can’t fight the tide of change. From now on, we’ve got to look at things from a higher perspective. A perspective so high, we can see humans, Adaytren, and the whole world at once.”

Then, she was gone.

✯✯✯ 

As far as I’m concerned, you’re no better than the Effendi.

Liam’s angry words kept repeating themselves over and over again in Sage Lieben’s head hours after the younger man had confronted him the day before. 

Even the reports that Liam’s team was scheduled to turn in had been handed in by Joshua. It didn’t take a genius to guess that Liam didn’t want to see him.

And honestly, Lieben had no idea if that was a good thing or a bad thing.

Oh, he didn’t doubt Liam’s loyalty. Liam would sooner hurl himself off a cliff than join the Effendi. But the young man had made it clear from the very beginning that he only joined the Legion to find his sister. 

Yuri, his sister, is his first priority.

Even as Lieben turned the doorknob to enter his office, he wondered for a moment if Yuri knew about her relationship with Liam. 

Click.

Lieben froze in his tracks as his office door shut behind him. At the same moment, the sound of the thunderstorm outside his window rumbled loudly and angrily, almost drowning out the unmistakable click of a gun being cocked, followed by the feel of it pressed against his back. Lightning flashed across the night skies, illuminating his office momentarily.

“…Don’t move.” A voice spoke from behind Lieben. He didn’t have to turn to know who it was. “I got a question for you.” Yuri—Yulia Michaelis demanded coldly, not removing her gun from digging into Lieben’s back. “And I want you to answer me honestly. Lie and I’ll know.” She warned.

“Okay. Fine.” Lieben was careful not to move too quickly lest he invites a bullet, but he turned slowly to face the young woman; he was careful to put his hands where Yuri could see them—to make a show of indicating that he was unarmed.

Yuri didn’t remove her hand from her gun; continuing to point the barrel at Lieben, with one finger over the trigger. It would just take a moment for Lieben to end up dead at her hands. The Legion commander wondered for a moment if that was how all of Blade’s victims have ended up mysteriously dead.

“…Liam Michaelis.” Yuri spoke at last, and there was a slight hitch in her voice as Liam’s name passed her lips. “Is he my brother?”

Lieben hesitated, wondering how to answer that question without receiving a bullet. Yuri narrowed her eyes in the darkness at the subtle change in Lieben’s body posture.

“He’s…”

The click of a gun echoed in the darkness once more.

“…Don’t make me shoot you.” Yuri warned, clearly able to tell that Lieben was about to feed her another of his half-truths. “I’m asking again. Is Liam Michaelis my brother?”

Lieben closed his eyes briefly. At this point, he might as well come clean.

“…Yes.”

Yuri stared at him for several long moments without saying anything. Finally, she lowered her gun. “That’s not possible,” she almost whispered, as though saying it to herself rather than to Lieben.

“You were kidnapped when you were young.” Lieben reasoned. “You don’t remember your childhood at all, do you? Nothing about your life before entering the Effendi’s service. It’s what the Child Soldier Program is all about. Your memories have been altered.”

“…Why didn’t you ever say anything?” Yuri spoke at last, her voice trembling even as she stared at Lieben with accusatory eyes. “I… Just…tell me that it wasn’t a mistake to trust you.”

Yuri had always felt like something is missing. Now she had her answers. A twin brother. She’s spent her entire life all alone—with years of it spent as the Effendi’s personal weapon. And she then spent another three years being on the run. And now she had a brother turning up from out of nowhere?

Inwardly however, despite her internal turmoil, Yuri knew that what Lieben and Hiram had told her is true. She just didn’t want to face up to it. 

It’s so much easier accepting that she has no family, and that she’s all alone. It’s so much easier believing that. So much easier than realising that the Effendi and nearly everyone that she has known has lied to her all her life.

“It’s the truth, and you know it.” Lieben said heavily, breaking into Yuri’s thoughts. “Liam has never stopped looking for you. If anything, he’s the one person in the world that will never betray you.”

For several long moments, both said nothing as Yuri stared at Lieben—almost as though trying to find something. Finally, Yuri placed her gun back within its holster on her hip.

“I can understand now why no one in the underground trusts you and the Legion as far as they could throw you.” Yuri said cruelly, and Lieben bit back a flinch. “As much as our methods are underhanded and merciless—cruel even, we have never betrayed our own people.” Yuri walked towards the window. “We don’t hide behind a mask of honour and all that crap you spout whilst doing the exact opposite. I should have listened to my gut.” She glared at Lieben who flinched minutely—she threw the exact same look that Liam had given him nearly a day ago. “I should never have trusted you.”

Yuri slid the window half-open, causing the windowsill to be immediately drenched with the heavy rain outside. 

“Are you going to Sina?” Lieben questioned. “You’ll never leave alive.”

“It’s none of your concern—not anymore.” Yuri scoffed. “And don’t pretend like you truly care. You’re only concerned that you might lose another valuable weapon. I’m sick of dancing to people’s tunes. I answer to no one. I make my own rules. I take no one’s orders.” She declared. “I’d sooner die free than live caged.”

Lieben barely restrained a cringe at the last sentence. Only Gaia knows how Liam would react if Yuri should die.

“You need help—”

“Not from the likes of you, I don’t!” Yuri cut off whatever Lieben had been going to say. After what she’d found out, she didn’t even want to be in his vicinity. Yuri narrowed her eyes at Lieben, her hands twitching by her sides, fighting the urge to just shoot him in the head. “I don’t want to owe anything to the Legion. And I especially don’t want to owe anything to you!” She breathed heavily, trying to calm herself. “I told you years ago what would happen if you betrayed me, didn’t I?” Her left hand fell to her gun holster.

Lieben didn’t miss that action; his eyes went towards Yuri’s gun before going back to her face. “…Are you going to kill me?”

To Lieben’s surprise, Yuri shook her head. “I have better things to do than waste a bullet on you.” Yuri hissed. “But mark my words, Sage Lieben. I will not forget this.”

Lieben knew that he’d be in a whole lot of trouble with the underground after everything was over—assuming that he managed to live that long. He stared down at his clenched fist, with Liam’s angry words from a day ago echoing in his head—angry with Lieben on Yuri’s behalf.

“What about Liam?” Lieben managed to ask.

Yuri froze in her tracks—half-sitting on the windowsill and not caring in the least as she got drenched by the heavy rain.

“He’s still your brother, Yuri.” Lieben reasoned. “He’s been searching for you for years. No matter what you’ve done in the past, it wouldn’t matter to him.”

 “Keep him away from the Effendi and Dominion—especially Ezekiel.” Yuri warned at last. “Keep him safe. And if anything happens to him at all—anything—you might as well pick your own burial plot, Sage Lieben.” Or as Lieben could hear in Yuri’s voice—he had better keep Liam safe, or his head is going to roll. Lieben opened his mouth—about to protest or offer his help again, but Yuri was in no mood to listen to him, and she cut him off, “You owe me this much!” She snapped, and Lieben’s mouth snapped shut; Yuri had never raised her voice at him before. “You’ve done enough damage.” 

Lieben closed his eyes briefly. He knew that he had really fucked up this time.

“One moment,” he said. Palming his cellphone from his pocket, he quickly sent an encoded message to Yuri’s phone, which soon let out a light beep. “Liam’s contact.” He answered the unasked question. “I can’t force you to meet him. But if you need help, you can always go to him. No matter what you’ve done, he will always be there for you. You can trust him, Yuri.”

Yuri said nothing as she slid the window fully open. 

“…I should never have trusted you.”

Yuri was gone the next instant. The only evidence of her presence were the rain droplets left behind on the windowsill and the floor. The white curtains fluttered at the windowsill.







15

RESCUED


“Better to die fighting for freedom than be a prisoner all the days of your life.” - Bob Marley

✯✯✯ 

The sounds of retching could be heard even through the closed door of the second-level bathroom in the Cat´s Eye.

Standing outside the closed bathroom door, Ethan Blake looked up every now and then with a concerned frown. He knew and understood Yuri well enough to not barge into the bathroom whenever she had one of her ‘episodes’. In fact, Ethan only knew of one person whom Yuri lets get close during her times of weakness—Gale.

The sound of soft footsteps reaches Ethan’s ears, and he looked up only to see a solemn Hayden approaching him from the direction of the staircase that leads down to the first storey of Cat’s Eye.

“She still throwing up?” Hayden questioned, glancing at the closed bathroom door, and Ethan nodded silently. “And here I thought that she’s been doing so well lately.”

“You told Leticia?” Ethan asked, and Hayden nodded.

Right on cue, Leticia approached from the same direction that Hayden had come from, a sombre expression in her eyes, and a small black leather case in her hands. “Give this to her,” she told Ethan, handing him the case. “Two tablets and one needle shot. It’s much stronger than the previous medication.” She paused. “I’m…still trying to find a…cure. But time simply isn’t on our side.” She let out a soft bitter laugh that almost went unheard by either Ethan or Hayden.

Ethan and Hayden exchanged contemplative looks before looking away again.

No one had ever said it out loud—especially Yuri, but everyone in the Cat’s Eye, Gale, and even Alec probably knew it as well. If something wasn’t done soon, or if Leticia didn’t find a way to stop the damage to Yuri’s internal system, she wasn’t going to live long enough to see her twenty-fifth birthday.

“Give that to her.” Leticia told Ethan again. “Make sure Yuri takes it.” She hesitated. “Focus on whatever rescue plan you have for Karen. I’ll reach through to my contacts to request assistance.”

“It’s not your fault.” Ethan called out to Leticia as she turned to go. Leticia stopped in her tracks, and even without seeing her face, Ethan and Hayden knew that there would be an expression of guilt on the older woman’s face. They’d seen it often, ever since they defected from the Royal City and Dominion. “Yuri has never blamed you for what happened. So why are you blaming yourself, Leticia?”

“…I was his assistant.” Leticia whispered so softly that even Ethan and Hayden had to strain their ears to catch her words—enhanced senses or not. “I helped him. I had a hand in what happened to Yuri and Gale. I destroyed their lives.” Her voice shook at that last part, tinged with guilt.

“You saved them.” Hayden said patiently. He’d heard a little of what had happened, from Gale, to know the story of what had actually transpired between the two and Ezekiel to know why they detested that mad man so much. “And even if you had refused to partake in the insane experiments that Ezekiel had commanded, he would have found someone else to help him. You went straight to Hiram with that information. Otherwise, both Yuri and Gale would have died. Yuri has never blamed you, Leticia.” Hayden said again. “Ezekiel is the one to blame here. It has nothing to do with you.”

Leticia said nothing for a long time before she disappeared from view as she went down the stairs.

Ethan and Hayden exchanged looks. “When will she stop blaming herself?” Hayden mused.

“Same as us.” Ethan leaned against the wall once more, folding his arms across his chest. “Never.”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri felt almost as weak as a newborn baby. Ethan had to half-carry her to her room, depositing her on her bed, hesitating instead of immediately turning to leave.

“You sure that you’re going to be okay?” Ethan enquired, nibbling on his bottom lip as he watched Yuri pop two of the light blue tablets in the case that Leticia had given him earlier, followed by stabbing the needle into her arm. His sharp eyes caught the signs of past needle scars already marring her skin, though it is slowly healing over.

“I’ll manage.” Yuri rasped in a hoarse voice, looking up at Ethan with exhausted eyes, dark bags visible beneath them. She looked almost ready to collapse. “I always do.”

Ethan hesitated. He really didn’t want to leave Yuri alone in that state—he’d never seen her so bad before. In the past, back when they were still with Dominion, it had only been Gale that Yuri permitted to be with her when she was suffering from the backlash of the experiments that were done on her as a child.

Hell, Ethan had seen Yuri kick even Hiram out of her room whenever she’d suffered from the backlash. Ethan had never seen anyone say no to the commander of Dominion before.

Over the years, Ethan had started to suspect that there might be something more going on between Yuri and Gale, and they weren’t just simple tag team partners.

“Yuri…”

“I’ll be fine.” Yuri rasped, breathing heavily even as she removed the needle from her arm, pulling the sleeve of her jacket over it. “Please.”

Ethan nodded reluctantly. “Call for us if you need help,” he cautioned, and then left the room, closing the door behind him.

Yuri coughed harshly, gripping at the fabric around her chest as she did so, trying to regulate her breathing even as the tremors racked her body. 

She waited it out, like she always did, and eventually the tremors calmed.

Yuri coughed harshly. “…Please…” she rasped, “This body of mine… Hold out until the end…”

Harsh breathing was the only sound that could be heard as Yuri looked out the window. Dusk was quickly making way to evening, and with how the skies looked, it seems like they were due for another rainy night.

Despite her words to her friends, Yuri had no idea how she’d succeed in rescuing Karen. The Royal City was a death trap for a reason. One had to be suicidal or plain insane to even think of venturing there.

As Yuri stared at her reflection in the window, a past memory came to the surface of her mind.

“But someday, should you have need of me, I’ll come. No matter how absurd the request, I’ll answer your call. And it’ll be my pleasure to do so.”

Yuri swallowed a lump in her throat. Should she risk it? Should she risk asking for Giles’ help? It was true that he owed her a life debt, and she knew him to be a man of his word, despite his current ‘occupation’.

“Please don’t let me regret this…” Yuri murmured, even as she pulled out her cellphone from her jacket pocket. Her hands fumbled several times before she managed to steady her grip on the piece of technology. Yuri hesitated for a moment before she pulled up her contacts list and selected a name. Three rings later, the call was answered.

“Hello?”

“Orion?” Yuri questioned. “It’s me. There’s something that I need your help with…”

✯✯✯ 

Gale had been spending a lot more time with him lately, Soma realised. Previously, he wouldn’t see Gale until mealtimes. But lately, Gale seemed to be popping by even when he didn’t need to.

And from what Gale had been telling him of the world outside his cell, there was an execution scheduled soon for one of the deserters. It seemed like the entire execution was an attempt to lure someone out. Someone whom the Effendi had been searching for, for nearly three years.

“I wonder which of us is the selfish one.” Gale let out a sarcastic bark of laughter, leaning against the wall with his arms across his chest, turning his head to the side. A small, sad smile tugged at the ends of his lips. “On one hand, I never had any intention of telling her how I feel, but she never told me anything either. It just…fell into place one day. We became something more than best friends.” Gale admitted, nibbling on his bottom lip. “And then when she left, I really want to follow her. I really do. But I knew as well that she’d need someone on the inside.”

Even without a name, Soma knew who Gale was talking about. The one person that he had talked about more than anything else since Soma had been first locked away. And somehow, Gale always looked so sad whenever he did.

“You’ve been talking a lot more than usual, Gale.” Soma broke his silence, and Gale turned to face him. Soma leaned back against the wall, shaking his wrists slightly to make his restraints rattle. “And for some reason, it’s always about one person in particular.” He looked at Gale. “Is she your lover?”

Gale stared at a spot above Soma’s head as if seeing something particularly fascinating. “…I don’t know,” he admitted at last. “It’s true that neither of us had ever made it clear before, though it was clear to us both back then that we were past the line of just ‘best friends’ or ‘partners’.” He made air quotes with his finger. “But in the end, in this world, true love is just a delusion anyway.”

Soma was about to open his mouth to protest before deciding against it. What right did he have to tell Gale anything about his love life or lack thereof anyway? He didn’t exactly have a very good example between his parents.

“…The…prisoner you’re telling me about?” Soma finally decided to steer the conversation elsewhere. “Is she really going to die?”

Gale sighed and shook his head, much to Soma’s surprise. “I doubt it,” he said simply. “Yuri wouldn’t let Karen die.”

“The Royal City is a deathtrap, Gale.” Soma cautioned. “You know that. Whether it’s going to be a public execution or a silent execution in the Sina Facility, it doesn’t matter. No one has ever survived breaking in.”

Hell, he was the perfect example.

“I know what Yuri can do.” Gale answered. “She’s capable enough to break into the Royal City as long as she has enough incentive.” He looked at Soma. “I asked her to get you out too, while she’s at it.” He told Soma, much to the other man’s surprise. “You’ve been here long enough. I won’t be able to hide your location from Ezekiel and the Effendi for much longer. I can’t protect you anymore.” He admitted. “And once they find out where you are, I almost dread to know what Ezekiel has in store for you.”

Soma resisted the urge to snort. Knowing that mad man’s reputation? Yeah, nothing good, definitely.

“What’s going to happen to you if I leave with them?” Soma asked carefully. Knowing Gale, he probably already had everything planned out to the last detail.

“Nothing.” Gale said simply. “To begin with, only Hiram and myself know your exact location.” Gale breathed deeply. “Once you’re out of here, help Yuri. Please.”

“Gale…”

“We both trained under the same teacher. But I can’t do what she did.” Gale chuckled bitterly. “I don’t have her strength. I don’t have the strength to keep fighting anymore.” He admitted. “Help her, Soma. Tell her your story.” Soma stared at Gale with wide eyes at that. “She will not judge you. Save this country.”

✯✯✯ 

“How about this route?”

“No. It’s too out in the open. If the passageway that you’re talking about opens up near Sina as you said, there are only a few routes that we can take to prevent discovery.”

“But if it’s a public execution like you said, there probably won’t be too many patrols.”

Yuri felt like groaning even as she studied the map spread across the table. Blade and the Undertakers had gathered around it to all voice their ideas. With one of Ezekiel’s agents discovered at Cat’s Eye, Yuri knew that Allerton was no longer safe for them.

So Yuri had contacted Alec, and both groups made the necessary arrangements to head out to one of the safe houses. Without a doubt, once they embarked on the path to breaking into the Royal City, there will be no going back for either group. Once they broke into the Royal City and get Karen out however, they’d be as wanted as the Legion were.

“How about the back alleys?” Ethan spoke up suddenly, studying the map intently. With silence greeting him, Ethan looked up only to see every single pair of eyes on him. He frowned. “What? The Royal City has plenty of back routes and back alleys. We used plenty of those during our days in Dominion, when appearing in the main streets in broad daylight in our uniforms caused plenty of panic.” He said defensively.

“The security around Sina and Dominion headquarters will no doubt be lowered as well.” Kara said carefully, looking from face to face before her eyes landed on Yuri who suddenly seemed to have found the map extremely fascinating. “Which means…Ezekiel…” She trailed off slowly.

“Nah, I doubt that Ezekiel will be at either Sina or Dominion headquarters.” Surprisingly, it was Lesley who pointed that out. He had a solemn look on his face. “If what Gale told Yuri can be believed, Ezekiel hasn’t been seen at Dominion headquarters since you three blew Volans up.”

Nicholas agreed. “That man isn’t suicidal,” he agreed. “Dominion would never have approved of what he did. He’s probably hiding out at the Effendi’s palace.”

“Which is also the one place that has tightened security twenty-four-seven, no matter what.” Hayden finished with a sigh. “Damn.”

“Today is not the day. But someday, we’ll end Ezekiel.” Yuri swore, her expression dark. She clenched her hands into fists on the table. “The disease that has corrupted Adaytren for decades… We’ll end it. I’m giving Adaytren back their freedom.”

The Undertakers, as well as Ethan and Hayden, exchanged contemplative looks amongst themselves.

Seriously, what could the Effendi and Ezekiel expect when they attacked those around Yuri in a bid to control her?

Alec frowned and opened his mouth, when continuous low rapping at the wooden door cut off whatever he’d been about to say. As one, every head turned towards the entrance of their safe house.

Had the Effendi’s men found them?

Alec frowned before he motioned with his left hand. “Lights out,” he hissed to Lesley, who was standing next to the oil lamp. 

The lights were turned off immediately and they hid back within the shadows, all of them fingering their weapons. The knocking didn’t let up.

Alec could almost hear his pulse as he swallowed nervously, approaching the door as he removed his gun from its holster. He treaded carefully, barely aware of Yuri slinking towards the shadows next to the door. With the barest light coming in from the few cracks visible through the covered windows, Alec noticed Yuri nodding to him, also with her gun out.

A low, groaning creak echoed throughout the safe house as Alec partially opened the door with one hand, while his other hand pointed the gun at the cloaked person on the other side.

“Who are you?” Alec frowned. He didn’t sense any ill intent from the man, but he didn’t lower his guard.

“That’s no way to treat someone who was invited here.” The man responded in a raspy, disused voice.

“I don’t recall inviting you.” Alec narrowed his eyes, curling his finger over the trigger. 

“No. But I am here to repay my debt.” The cloaked man lifted one hand to remove the hood from his face, revealing a head of messy dark hair, and slight stubble on his chin. “Some greeting this is, Yuri.” He commented, peering into the darkness behind Alec with a frown.

Yuri stepped out into the light from where she was hiding, greeting the cloaked man with a nod. With that action, Alec relaxed. If the man, whoever he was, had Yuri’s approval, then they could all trust him.

“It’s been awhile, Orion.” Yuri greeted, and Alec stared at Yuri, bewildered, before turning his gaze back to the man before him. This was the notorious Orion? “Or should I say ‘Giles Graham’?”

Orion, or Giles Graham as he was once known, smirked.

✯✯✯ 

Almost everyone was quick to get back to whatever they had been doing before Orion—or Giles—had made his appearance. More than one person however was busy staring at the man, as few had ever seen Orion’s face, let alone the man himself. Now they understood why, if only because Giles Graham was officially a dead man, and obviously couldn’t be seen walking around.

Ethan and Hayden, on the other hand, felt like smacking themselves. They had been there when Yuri was assigned to assassinate Giles. Neither one of them had seen her actually kill him.

No one had ever said anything about that particular day. Up until that point, no Enforcer had ever failed a mission.

And a few months after Giles was ‘killed’, the informant Orion appeared. Why did they not think something off with it?

“Thank you for coming.” Yuri told Giles as he removed his black cloak and hung it onto the makeshift coat rack in a corner. “I wasn’t sure if you would answer.”

Giles shook his head. “I told you years ago that I’d come should you call for me,” he told Yuri, “no matter how absurd the reason. I believe in repaying my debts, Yuri.”

“Leticia is here.” Yuri told Giles, who looked surprised. “You both need to talk.”

“…Tish’s here?”

Yuri nodded. “This war and the Effendi have taken enough from you. Don’t let it take this away from you two as well. She’s upstairs.” Yuri pointed a finger towards the ceiling. “Go. We still have some time before we gather.”

Giles hesitated for a moment before his shoulders slumped. “…Thanks,” he murmured before sweeping past Yuri and Hayden and up the stairs.

Hayden said nothing as he followed Yuri into an adjacent room that contained the maps and blueprints of every single town, city, and road that Alec had managed to get his hands on throughout the years. 

“I can say the same for you too, you know?” Hayden told Yuri even as the latter sifted through the numerous maps and scrolls scattered haphazardly over the surface of the table in the middle of the room. “You and Gale need to talk, too.” Yuri’s hand stiffened over the scrolls. “What happened between the two of you?”

“…Do you know?”

“I have to be an idiot not to.” Hayden sighed with frustration as Yuri picked up some maps from the table.

“We both made our choices.” Yuri turned to face Hayden, numerous maps held in her arms. “We knew the consequences.”

“And I know Gale.” Hayden answered simply. “He wouldn’t have done all that he did—risking everything, including his life if he didn’t think that it was the best way to help you. Or do you seriously think that he would have done this for me or Ethan?” Hayden snorted.

Yuri barely restrained a smile and a stifled laugh. “Maaaaybe not for Ethan.” Yuri agreed, knowing the feelings or lack thereof the two had towards each other back when they were still Enforcers. No one really understood why, either, though Gale and Ethan worked well enough together when they absolutely had to.

Hayden looked Yuri in the eye—not very difficult considering that he’s at least two heads taller than she is. “…I just want to know one thing, Yuri,” he said at last. “Do you still love him?”

Yuri was silent for several moments, pretending to be busy counting the number of maps currently gathered within her arms. “…At this point, it doesn’t matter even if I do,” she said at last tiredly. “We both have our own jobs to do. We knew what would happen that day—the day when we made our choice.”

“That doesn’t answer my question.” Hayden retorted sharply.

“We have more important things to worry about now.” Yuri cut in, ending the conversation. “Worry about me and Gale later.”

Hayden scowled, watching Yuri walk out of the room. “…Fine.”

✯✯✯ 

Click.

The light sounds of the doorknob turning was the first thing that attracted Leticia’s attention from where she was busy sorting the group’s medical supplies.

Leticia almost dropped the surgical tools in her hands when she saw the person standing at the doorway, looking unsure of himself.

“…Giles?”

Giles Graham managed a weak, unsure smile at the childhood friend whom he hadn’t seen for years—not since he’d defected from the Royal City, at least. “Hey Tish,” he managed. “It’s been awhile.”

Leticia managed to return his smile with one of her own. “Yuri told me about what happened after she’d left the Royal City with Ethan and Hayden, but I almost didn’t want to believe her—at least until rumours of ‘Orion’ started going around,” she admitted. 

A grim smile graced Giles’ features even as he stared at Leticia. “She did, huh?” he mused. “There are times when I really don’t understand what she’s thinking. She decided out of the blue to spare my life all those years back and even asked Cesar to hide me and create a new identity for me. Honestly, I owed that girl more than I could ever repay.” He admitted at last, and Leticia turned her attention back towards the surgical equipment that she had in front of her. “You aren’t still blaming yourself, are you?”

Leticia flinched at those words, and Giles knew that he’d hit the nail on the head. He might not have been in contact with Leticia at all since he’d defected, but he knows her well. 

“I ruined Yuri’s life.” Leticia said at last. “Gale’s too. Yuri wouldn’t even be on borrowed time if it wasn’t for me—”

“It’s not your fault!” Giles said harshly. “Yuri has never blamed you. Ezekiel is the one at fault here, not you. You know that.”

“I…”

There was a low knock on the door just then, and both Giles and Leticia turned to see the door opening to reveal Lesley, looking at them both. “Alec sent me to get both of you.” He looked between Giles and Leticia. “They’re ready for us now. Come on.”

✯✯✯ 

Both groups were gathered on the ground floor around the table.

They had all suffered through an hour long argument between Yuri and Alec—in which Alec ranted that they couldn’t just take all the information that Gale had passed on as fact, and Yuri ranted about how they could trust Gale, and if they disregarded Gale’s information, they might as well serve themselves up on a silver platter to the Effendi.

“All right. This is going nowhere.” Giles finally interrupted after amusing himself watching Yuri and Alec argue—acting like their ages for once. “I understand your reasons, Alec. But Gale has given you no reason to distrust him yet, did he?”

Alec opened his mouth to protest that statement, only to shut it again, looking away stubbornly. “…Well… No,” he admitted at last. He remembered how Gale had saved his life, and that of Nicholas, on that night years ago.

Nicholas nodded in agreement. He might not know Gale as well as Alec or Yuri, considering he only had the barest of contact with the guy before Yuri had defected—he could count on one hand and still have fingers left over with the number of actual interactions that he actually had with Gale. And despite the dubious reputation that the Enforcers had these days in Adaytren, he knows better than anyone else that he could trust Gale.

Yuri trusted him, which was reason enough for Nicholas to do the same.

“…If it’s Gale, I seriously doubt that he will lie.” Ethan grunted. He will be the last person on earth to leap to Gale’s defence for his character, but even Ethan admits that his former comrade is no liar. “Besides, we owe him this much.”

“Well, now that it’s decided, let’s get started with a plan.” Giles grunted. Honestly, he is amazed that they could do the things they did if they argued like that all the time—or maybe it’s just a one-off because of how major this operation is. “Yuri, if memory serves me right, the bulk of your training is in covert operations and guerrilla warfare, right?”

“I can deal with frontal combat well enough if I have to, though.” Yuri added. She frowned as she surveyed the map in front of them. “But for an operation of this magnitude—especially since we would be infiltrating the Royal City, we can’t move with a large group.” She glanced at the different faces. “And we need a distraction of some sort to lure the bulk of armed forces out of the Royal City. If this is a trap as we’ve concluded, no doubt that Jaeger will be lying in wait for us. Thus, we will need to lure them away—even if it’s to just buy us some time.”

“If they heard that the Undertakers are messing about in one of the nearby towns or cities, they’d send the Jaeger Unit after us.” Lesley said with a smirk. “We’ll be the decoy.”

Alec frowned, ready to protest. But Giles cut in. “I’ll be with them,” he offered, and every head turned towards him. “I’ll make sure they return alive. Besides, Yuri is right.” He shrugged, looking at the younger girl. “The smaller the group, the more chance of success.”

“I’ll go with you.” Leticia said immediately. She stared down a sheepish-looking Giles. “Someone needs to make sure that you idiots don’t get in way over your heads.”

Yuri looked at Giles and Leticia, and nodded. “Very well. Then…” She looked from face to face. “…Myself. Ethan. Hayden. Alec. Nicholas. We’ll be the ones heading into the Royal City. We have two hours at best to get to Karen, along with the person that Gale wants us to break out. Do you think you can keep Jaeger occupied?” Yuri directed this question to Giles and the members of the Undertakers that will also be part of the decoy squad.

Lesley nodded with a smirk. Next to him, Kara had one hand on the dagger pouches by her side and she grinned deviously. Giles smiled. “We’ll make sure of it. Having a supposedly dead man walking around should be distraction enough.” Giles said. “They’ll recognise me without a problem.”

“Even still, we need a plan for our parts in the Royal City if we’re short on time.” Alec reasoned, his arms folded across his chest with a deep crease in between his brows. “Yuri, I hope you have a plan.”

Yuri gnawed on her bottom lip as she studied the maps and the routes carefully.

“…All right.” Yuri looked up finally at the eager faces surrounding her. “This is what we’re going to do…”

✯✯✯ 

It had started off as a quiet afternoon the day Karen was scheduled to be executed. Clouds were converging in the skies, blocking out much of the sunlight. The citizens of the Royal City were going about their own business, uneasy, all of them obliged by the Effendi’s order to head to the city square to witness the execution in a few hours. More than half of the common populace in the Royal City didn’t want to go. Gaia knew that they’d seen more than enough executions to last them a lifetime.

“So this is it then?” Karen gave a grim smile as two members of the Guard secured her wrists behind her back and forced her to walk out of her cell—leading her towards the execution site. “I didn’t think that I’d die here.”

A muscle twitched in Gale’s cheek. “…Hang on, Karen,” he had spoken in a low enough voice that only Karen could hear him.

“What?” Karen tried to turn to look at Gale, but was shoved roughly by the soldier herding her.

“Move!”

Gale tapped the toe of his boot against the cold stone floor as he watched the two soldiers herd Karen towards the execution site in the Royal City’s town square. Soon, the footsteps echoing against the stone floor faded away and Gale looked up at the cold gray ceiling.

“…I’ve done all that I could.” Gale murmured. “The rest is up to you now, Yuri.”

✯✯✯ 

“…Ready?” Giles asked whilst hiding within the dark alleyways of the merchant town of Zlarc—a large town located barely an hour out from the Royal City. It also acted as one of the Effendi’s strongholds, with the town often receiving monetary and food rewards in exchange for their ‘support’.

“Of course.” A female voice spoke up. “Lesley and Kara are in position ready to move. Remember; we have to hold them here for at least two hours.”

“Then let’s begin.”

✯✯✯ 

It happened without any warning.

One moment, it was as peaceful as it could be; with stall owners shouting out their wares at the top of their voices. Zlarc is a town for the rich after all; and its inhabitants were of the few in Adaytren who could support themselves enough to purchase wares at a market. 

Suddenly, loud explosions started occurring in nearly every area of the town, blowing up the major buildings—the merchant guild, the mayor’s office and even the guardhouse. 

The massive shockwaves caused by the explosions in Zlarc’s narrow streets literally rendered whole houses crumbling like sand castles in the wind. Power lines fell like dominoes, cutting off all power supply to the town.

Soldiers that managed to escape the guardhouse explosion were spurred into immediate action; all of them armed and ready to face down the opposition.

The civilians tried to find their way towards the shelters as best as they could; attempting to avoid the thick smoke and flames that licked the buildings in Zlarc. It didn’t take much for the fire from the explosions to spread.

The soldiers were stunned when they saw the lone figure standing in the middle of the marketplace, surrounded by flames as screaming civilians ran past him, fleeing towards the direction of the shelters.

A long black coat waved around his legs whilst a long sword was grasped in his right hand. A cold smirk was visible on his face.

“…S-Sir… Is that…?”

“Yeah, I recognise that face.” The commander of the squadron croaked, feeling his throat extremely dry. “You there, run to the communications base and request immediate backup from the Royal City!” 

At that moment, the communications base that was just vaguely visible even through all the smoke went up in an explosion of flames, throwing debris everywhere. 

The commander swallowed nervously even as he faced the tall man in front of him, realising that they’re on their own against the group of invaders now that the communications base is down. “…I thought you were dead. They told us that one of the Enforcers killed you.”

“Three of the Enforcers that defected three years ago are supposed to be dead too, but they’re still walking around.” Giles Graham had a cold smirk upon his face as he held his sword in front of him. “And haven’t you ever learned not to believe everything you hear?”

✯✯✯ 

Within the shadows of one of the Guard outposts’ rooftops, Yuri and her group watched as several teams wearing the familiar black uniforms of the Jaeger Unit and the Pursuer Division left the Royal City riding the black army vehicles—all heading towards the direction of Zlarc.

“That had to be half of Jaeger at best.” Alec murmured, passing over the binoculars that he had been using over to Nicholas. “Well, it could be worse.”

Yuri said nothing next to Alec, inwardly relieved that the Royal City had several tall buildings. And anyway, no one will even bother looking upwards whilst in the Royal City—especially the members of the Guard. 

She had hoped for more Jaeger soldiers to be sent to Zlarc, but it seemed like Camellia was as sharp as ever—the woman had likely suspected that the attack on Zlarc was just a diversion, and had kept half of her squad in the capital city just in case.

Jaeger could still give them some trouble.

Ethan looked at his wristwatch nervously.

An hour to 3.

Their only chance would be when Karen was brought out to the execution platform.

✯✯✯ 

“Giles Graham.” One of the sub-commanders of Jaeger hissed at Giles—with soldiers surrounding him and Leticia Light in the middle of the burning town of Zlarc. Bodies of several of the soldiers that have already been taken down by the pair laid around them, blood already pooling around their slowly cooling bodies. The emergency squad of Zlarc were trying to combat the fires, but to no avail. “I thought for sure that you’d died. Seems like the Black Fang was already a traitor even back then.” He sneered, his lip curling with contempt at the mere mention of the name.

Giles’ eyes flashed dangerously.

“To be a traitor means that you first have to be loyal to the Effendi.” Leticia cut in, eyes narrowing at the soldier who’d spoken, adjusting her grip on her knives. “And you’ve got another thing coming if you think Yuri had ever pledged her loyalty to that man!”

She didn’t even turn even as she threw two of her knives behind her at the two soldiers who were trying to creep up on her. The blades were lodged into vital points of the two soldiers, killing them instantly.

“I don’t know what you’re trying to pull, but attacking Zlarc—a town barely an hour’s ride from the Royal City and one of our allies furthermore?” Another Jaeger soldier spoke, adjusting his grip on his gun. “This is madness, even for you both! You will know that the Effendi and Commander Faylan will send us out—the Jaeger Unit—”

“I wonder?” Giles interrupted with a cold smirk, and the postures as well as the stances of the Jaeger soldiers tensed. “Wouldn’t you like to know our reasons?” He taunted, and the soldiers tensed. Leticia who is standing back-to-back with him tightened her grips over her knives.

Giles looked towards the direction that the Royal City lies in. 

Good luck, Yuri, he thought to himself before delving straight into the fray once more.

✯✯✯ 

Yuri looked at her wristwatch. Thirty minutes to three o’clock.

“Let’s move.”

The four with her nodded as one.

Mission start.

✯✯✯ 

It is quiet.

Not that it is uncommon in the Royal City—particularly in the eastern area where the Sina Facility was located. 

Once Sina had been constructed in the Royal City, the areas surrounding it soon became declared as Restricted Access.

Most of the time, the only soldiers who ventured in the area were Enforcers and the few common soldiers of Dominion, and even those from the Jaeger Unit; since Sina is technically under Hiram Georges’ direct command; and thus, probably has the tightest security amongst all the ten prison facilities. 

Guard duty was however taken in twelve hour shifts by at least two squads of Guard soldiers—both inside and outside the facility. Squad assignments for guard duty at Sina were also often changed as an added security layer.

Security was increased further after the destruction of Volans months ago.

Thus, the two soldiers of the Guard that were part of the routine as Sina’s guards were quite irritable that day; especially since majority of the forces were assigned to the town square that afternoon due to the execution. 

The right soldier on guard at the entrance grumbled something, shifting the rifle in his right hand to the left, craning his neck towards the direction of the town square—in the hopes of being able to see or even hear something, but to no avail. 

“Stay sharp.” His partner reprimanded, but he looked bored as well.

“No one is going to come here.” The man complained. “There isn’t any point in posting guards here in the first place. We’re in the Royal City. Who’s going to attack?”

His partner sighed. “Wonder what’s going on at the town square. Maybe the execution is already over.”

“And we missed everything.” The other guard grumbled. “Sure wish that I was on guard duty over there.”

His partner was silent for several moments before he slumped over to the ground. The man stiffened before spinning around. “Hey, what’s wrong—”

He let out a grunt as he felt a sharp knock to the back of his neck, and then his vision went black.

Hayden Ashford and Ethan Blake stood behind the two downed guards, Hayden still held his right hand flat. “Sorry, but I’m going to have to ask you to sleep for awhile.” Hayden murmured, glancing down at the two guards lying motionless at their feet. He looked at Ethan who looked solemn, already sheathing his sword. “Never thought that we’d be back here again. And wearing this once more.” Hayden tugged at the collar of his old Enforcer coat. 

Hopefully, with them wearing the uniforms of Dominion, they wouldn’t attract any further attention from the soldiers that would no doubt be patrolling inside as long as they don’t take a closer look at Ethan and Hayden.

Even still, compared to Yuri, Alec and Nicholas, Ethan and Hayden have the easier job. 

Ethan nodded to Hayden before he pushed open the only entrance into Sina. Unlike when they infiltrated Volans via a ventilation shaft, the door was the only way in and out of Sina—something that Ethan knew all too well. 

It makes infiltration and escape so much more difficult if there is only one entrance that the soldiers have to guard. It is thus why the Sina Facility had been designed the way it did.

Ethan and Hayden froze in their tracks the moment they were in the entryway, and greeted by the familiar sights of a prison facility interior. Their hands immediately fell onto their weapons as they saw a familiar young man leaning against the stone wall, arms crossed over his chest.

He wasn’t even bothered by their entrances—acting as if he’d been expecting them.

And then again, Gale probably had.

“…Gale…” Hayden breathed out. It’d been nearly three years since he’d last seen his old comrade. Yuri was the only one who had seen him since they’d gone on the run.

And honestly, Gale looked like crap. Just what the hell had the Effendi or Hiram been doing to him?

Without wasting a beat, Gale threw a bunch of keys and a white keycard at Ethan and Hayden respectively, who both caught the projectiles easily, bewildered.

“Second level. End of the east hallway.” Gale said simply. “The access code is Yuri’s old identification number. You should know it. Go. Get him out of here.” Gale sounded both resigned and sad. “I’ve already rearranged the guard shifts so that the soldiers on duty today would be guarding the labs and the cells underground. Get Soma out of here.”

In contrast to Hayden who had relaxed when he had heard that their job has gotten easier with Gale messing about with the guard routines in Sina, Ethan frowned, not making a move even with the bunch of keys resting within the palm of his right hand. “Gale…”

“Go!” Gale sounded harsher this time; his voice hinting urgency. “I can only buy you thirty minutes at best. It won’t be long before the alarms goes off—especially if Yuri plans to break Karen out from the execution platform itself.”

“Come with us, Gale.” Hayden pleaded, seeing something in Gale’s eyes that worried him. For as long as Hayden had known him, Gale had always been strong and tall and proud. Not this wreck of a man before him now. What in Gaia’s name had the Effendi been doing to him? Was this why Yuri was worried? “You don’t have to stay here if you don’t want to.”

Gale shook his head. “I can’t abandon Hiram—”

“Yuri or Hiram, Gale.” Ethan cut in just then, a frown on his face. “Who’s more important?” It sounded almost like a challenge.

Gale hesitated for a moment before his shoulders slumped and he shook his head. “Go,” he said again. “You don’t have much time. The second level don’t have any soldiers. Get Soma out of here.”

Ethan scowled, seeing that Gale already had his mind made up. And, just like three years ago, he was just leaving Yuri behind. “…You’re just a damn coward, Gale, you know that?” he sneered as he took one step closer to the older man; surprised when he realised that he was a fraction taller than Gale—unlike back when they were still with Dominion. “At the very least, we dared to follow our hearts three years ago. What about you?” He challenged Gale, whose expression remained unchanged. Ethan scowled and shook his head. “Forget it.” He walked past Gale, “Yuri deserves better.” He sneered cruelly; taking pleasure as Gale flinched.

Ethan stalked down the hallway, making his way to the eastern hallway on the second level.

Gale looked at Hayden, who only shrugged. “Ethan is harsh, but you know he’s right.” Hayden pointed out. “How long do you think you can keep this up?” Gale didn’t respond, and Hayden frowned. “You’ve changed, Gale. The Gale that I met five years ago would never have run. He wouldn’t have given up.”

Finally, Gale looked at Hayden. “…People change,” was all that he said. The words I did went unsaid, but Hayden heard it all the same. Gale then turned and left through the doors of the Sina facility.

The doors slammed shut behind him, the sound echoing ominously, reverberating from wall to wall.

“Hayden!” Ethan’s voice echoed down the empty hallways, before Hayden took off, tracing Ethan’s steps towards the second level.

But still, he couldn’t get the memory of Gale’s sad gray eyes out of his mind.

✯✯✯ 

2:45PM.

Yuri ran like she never had before through the streets of the Royal City, with Alec and Nicholas close behind her. All three had grim expressions visible on their faces.

They were literally racing against time.

They only got one chance at breaking Karen out successfully and also getting themselves away from the Royal City. There was only so much time that the other four could buy for them over at Zlarc.

Nicholas, who was right behind Yuri and Alec, paused in his steps as he looked at an official-looking building. Black flags and the Guard’s silver emblem hung on its walls.

If it was the Guard headquarters, then…

“Nick, what are you doing?” Alec snapped, turning over his shoulder only to see his best friend slinking off towards one of the military buildings.

“Go on ahead! I’ll catch up!”

Alec increased his speed to catch up with Yuri who hadn’t let up in the slightest. Thanks to having spent years in the Royal City, she likely knew the streets and every single hidden path like the back of her hand.

Alec took a peek at his wristwatch nervously, even as the babble of the crowd soon reaches his ears.

“…Let us make it in time…” Alec heard Yuri murmur from beside him.

2:55PM.

✯✯✯ 

Inside his cell, Soma sat on his ‘bed’, staring at the opposite wall. It should be today, right? The execution for that girl—the one that Gale had told him about.

And…

Soma felt his heart clench painfully.

Would someone really come for him, as Gale had said?

Years ago, when Soma had made his plan for the Effendi’s demise, he had done everything alone. He mapped out the routes and had gathered the weapons all by himself. No one else had helped him.

Part of the reason had been because there was truly no one that Soma could trust, even amongst the underground. The majority of them just took one look at him and mistrusted him because he had the misfortune to look like the depraved leader of their nation.

And if truth be told, Soma couldn’t really blame them, either.

After all, if the tables were turned, he would likely do the same.

Soma let out a start when he heard the unmistakable sound of the outer door of his cell letting out a light hiss as someone passed through the first entrance. He tensed, ready to spring at whoever is entering—though with his limbs shackled to the bed as it is, he isn’t exactly in a situation good enough to defend himself should the person entering wants him dead.

On some instinctive level, Soma knew that it wasn’t Gale.

Then, the door swung open, and Soma saw two men entering.

They had to be around his age; and they looked tense and worried as they entered. Their expressions gave way to shock and then surprise when they laid eyes on Soma; and he scowled. He knew exactly why they would.

Hayden and Ethan exchanged bewildered looks.

“Are you Soma?” Hayden was the first to regain his bearings, deciding that all explanations could wait. They need to get out of here first. On the bed, Soma eyed them suspiciously but he nodded. 

“We’re getting you out of here.” Ethan had already moved towards Soma, starting to work on the restraints around Soma’s limbs, but still keeping a wary eye on the guy. Not that Soma could blame him.

Finally, the restraints fell with a satisfying clunk onto the bed, and Soma massaged his sore wrists.

“We have to go. We don’t have much time.” Ethan said quickly even as Soma got gingerly to his feet, finding his movements stiff.

“Do you know how to use a gun?” Hayden asked Soma as they left the cell, as Soma took in his surroundings—finally seeing something apart from the four walls of his cell for the first time in two years.

Soma gave a start as he realised that Hayden had addressed him, and he nodded. “Yes.” He gave a start when Hayden pressed a gun into his hand, and fumbled with it for a few moments. Hayden even had a grim smile on his face. “Don’t make me regret it,” he told Soma.

Ethan was leading the way, and he looked over his shoulder. “Come on, Hade. We need to get out of here!”

“Right behind you!” Hayden took a peek at his wristwatch with concern.

2:59PM.

✯✯✯ 

The time is three o’clock.

Karen showed no emotion as she was led to the execution platform where the masked executioner was already waiting with his sword. She kept her feelings of turmoil to herself; trying not to look at the crowd already gathered.

Her mind was already whirling; thinking back on what Gale had implied just an hour earlier.

Was Yuri here? Was she really reckless enough to try to break Karen out from the Royal City?

Oh, who was she kidding? Of course Yuri would!

Karen let out a light grunt as she was forced to her knees in the middle of the platform, facing the crowd. Several mothers somewhere at the back of the crowd attempted to shield their children’s eyes.

Karen grimaced.

Part of her didn’t want Yuri to be here. But another part of her—the part that was afraid to die, clung onto Gale’s cryptic words like a dying man holding onto a raft.

“Any last words?” The executioner sneered from behind Karen, unsheathing his sword. Karen didn’t recognise the voice; so chances were that it was some random soldier from the Guard assigned to perform the execution, rather than an official executioner.

And for a moment, Karen didn’t understand why she felt so pissed at that.

“If you’re going to beg for your life, now is the time to do it.” The executioner taunted; and Karen didn’t bother to respond. “Come on. Beg for your life. Beg for me not to kill you.” He taunted.

Karen turned as best as she could, glaring up at the executioner with defiance. “I’d sooner die than trample my pride by begging a rat like you!” she spat. 

Whatever of the executioner that she could see shook with rage before he looked over at something that Karen can’t see; probably looking for a signal of some sort. He then raised his sword high above his head, the rays of the sun glinting off it. Karen closed her eyes, feeling terrified, furious and resigned all at once.

It’ll just take a moment, she comforted herself. Just a moment, then it’ll be over.

It seemed like even the Royal City was too much for Yuri after all. If she was really here, Karen only hoped that Gale would manage to get her away safely. And if Gale had any common sense or self-preservations at all, Karen hoped that he’d follow Yuri this time.

BANG!

Karen flinched as the gunshot sounded abnormally loud in the suddenly silent square. She opened her eyes; surprised that she had closed them at all.

And there, in the middle of the crowd of people, she spotted Yuri immediately.

The younger girl was decked in all black, with a gun in her right hand, pointing the barrel at Karen—or rather, behind her. Alec stood back-to-back with her.

There was nothing but silence for just a moment, and the executioner toppled over next to Karen on the platform, a pool of blood already forming around his head where the gunshot had literally blown a hole in his brain.

It was then that the screaming began, and the civilians started running—trying to get away from the town square and the execution platform. Alarms blared, and soldiers shouted commands to each other.

For several moments, everything was just a whirl to Karen.

She only came to her senses when she realised that the bonds binding her wrists together behind her back had come loose. When she looked back over her shoulder, she saw a grim-faced Alec slicing through the ropes with a dagger.

“Alec…?”

“Come on, we have to move! Not even Yuri can hold them off for long!” Alec supported Karen’s weight with his own, with an arm wrapped around her waist to keep her upright.

Yuri is currently taking on the soldiers from the Guard, having changed her gun out for a pair of twin blades; and she is showing no mercy at all. With every movement, one soldier went down; and Yuri is alarmingly fast and unpredictable in her movements—moving way too fast for even the soldiers to hit her with a gun—something that Karen knew all too well.

“Yuri, I got her!” Alec called out as he leapt down from the execution platform before helping Karen down. Karen gave a slight hitch of breath as she aggravated her injuries, coughing harshly, feeling as though she were about to hack her own lungs up, already starting to see black spots in her vision. The aggravation of her internal injuries from the coughing wasn’t exactly helping.

She wouldn’t be of any help to Yuri and Alec in this state.

“Die!” A soldier growled, pointing his rifle at Alec and Karen.

Before he could do anything more, his head exploded in a shower of blood.

Alec’s face remained motionless as the dead body of the soldier toppled over, even as he flicked back the safety on his customised gun. The little fortune that he had paid Cesar to have his gun be powered up and able to use it like a high-powered rifle is worth it, Alec admitted to himself.

“Hey, call squads three to five! Tell them to get here from the northern Wall!”

Yuri growled as she slashed at the throats of another two soldiers, ducking beneath another soldier’s sword and landing him in the crossfire of another using a rifle. This is never ending! And where the hell is Nicholas?

Alec let out an angered hiss whilst still supporting Karen’s weight when he noticed the new arrivals of the soldiers in familiar looking black uniforms.

“Jaeger.”

And then, a cold voice commanded, “All soldiers, stand down.”

Alec turned as the soldiers did as they were told. He watched as a man decked in a regal majestic long fur-trimmed coat worn over a black leather bodysuit and boots stalked forward, with a blonde woman next to him. Any soldier in their path parted ways for them—yet still kept a safe distance.

“The Effendi… Camellia…” Yuri murmured from next to Alec, answering his unasked question, tightening her grip on her blades.

He might be the leader of the Undertakers and all, but this was still the first time that Alec had actually seen the Effendi and his second for himself. Only those that lived in the Royal City would have actually laid eyes on the Effendi personally.

Karen let out a low moan next to Alec, already close to losing consciousness. Only Alec’s support still kept her on her feet.

“Creating a distraction in Zlarc so that we would send some of our forces out there, I see.” The blonde woman whom Alec assumed to be Camellia Faylan stated, staring straight at Yuri with cold teal eyes. “Ingenious, Yuri. Sounds like something you’d do. And pulling off a stunt like breaking out a prisoner in the Royal City.”

“Don’t pretend like you didn’t know I’d come today.” Yuri snarled. “I’m not an idiot. Publicising Karen’s execution the way you did for over a month straight. You were trying to lure me here from the very beginning!”

The expression on Camellia’s face didn’t change. “If you had just left Karen behind, you might have survived, Yuri,” she stated coolly.

“Don’t lump me in together with you lot.” Yuri scowled. “I’m not a monster like you. I would never abandon her.”

A flicker of regret flashed across Camellia’s face so quickly that it seemed almost like a trick of the light.

“Foolish of you to come here today, Yuri.” The Effendi sneered. “I see that the time away from Dominion and the Royal City has addled your brains and your sense.” Yuri made no show of how the words affected her; Alec swallowed an angered retort. “I’m not letting you get away today. It is high time you learned that you belonged to me—you always do.”

Red eyes glinted with gleeful malice.

Next to Alec, Yuri bristled with fury. If she had been a cat, her fur would have been standing on end.

“I don’t belong to you or anyone else, you tyrant!” Yuri snarled. For a moment, Alec was taken aback at the pure venom in her voice. He had never seen Yuri this pissed before. “And if you think that, then you’re more insane than I thought!”

“How dare you—” The Effendi snarled with fury; spittle speckled his mouth. Yuri’s words had struck an old nerve. He begun to tremble. “I am the Effendi!” he snarled, “and I will not be mocked!”

“Yes, because you’re suddenly equivalent to the Mother Gaia, and can somehow cause earthquakes with a flick of your finger, thunderstorms at will, and cause plague with a single breath!” Alec gave the Effendi a rather bored and amused look. All eyes snapped towards him immediately. Alec’s presence had been overlooked so far thanks to the Effendi and Camellia paying more attention to Yuri. “All hail the great and powerful Effendi!”

“You should be bowing down to him, you miserable peasant!” Some unknown soldier growled, pointing his rifle at Alec threateningly. From the number of badges on his breast pocket, Alec can only assume that he is someone high ranked within the Jaeger forces—possibly even one of the sub-commanders. “He is the Effendi, our king—”

“He is no king of mine!” Alec snapped back, tightening his hold on Karen even as she swayed on her feet next to him, already close to losing consciousness. “And I’m not the only one that thinks that way!” He looked at the surrounding soldiers who were all pointing their rifles at the trio. “Do you seriously believe in that man’s legitimacy to rule and will willingly die for him? Look around you! Who do you think is putting Adaytren in the sorry state it now is? Is this something a leader should be doing?!”

Several of the soldiers shifted uncomfortably.

“Don’t waste your breath, Alec. They’re the Effendi’s pathetic little lapdogs.” Yuri sneered. “If he says ‘jump,’ they’re going to ask ‘how high?’ They can’t even think for themselves.”

Camellia scowled. “Arrest them!” she ordered.

Before a single soldier could move a single inch, a loud screech of wheels skidded onto the cobbled ground of the town square of the Royal City; a black militia vehicle bearing the Guard’s emblem came into view, causing the soldiers to scatter to avoid being run over.

“What?”

“Out of the way!”

“Zeram!” Camellia was quick to shield the Effendi, and both backtracked several steps. There was a scowl on her beautiful features as she glared at Yuri and Alec—as though affronted that Yuri and Alec dared to defy the Effendi. “Use of excessive force is permitted!”

“Looks like it’s come to this then.” Yuri murmured, eyes flickering from side to side, tightening her grips over her blades even as the soldiers around them raised their weapons threateningly.

Neither Yuri nor Alec were about to let themselves be surrounded however. As one, like they’d just read each other’s minds, they raised the weapons currently in their hands and moved.

Yuri was almost like a blur; flittering from soldier to soldier and cutting them down before they even realised what was going on. Alec, on the other hand, never missed a single shot as he gunned down the soldiers heading in his direction; with Yuri taking care of the soldiers armed with rifles and guns before they could even shoot.

The black militia vehicle’s door opened, and Alec was greeted with the sight of a grim-looking Nicholas seated behind the wheel. 

“Get in!” he commanded.

“Yuri!” Alec called out as he moved towards the car, depositing the nearly unconscious Karen into the back seat before getting in himself.

Yuri’s eyes snapped back towards Nicholas and Alec as she slit the throat of the nearest soldier to her. She then flipped backwards, landing onto her feet just next to the car, slipping her blades within the holsters at the back of her waist and slipping out her handgun from the holster.

“Drive!” Yuri commanded Nicholas as she got into the car, remaining half hanging out of the side passenger’s window, shooting at the heads of the nearby soldiers. Yuri scowled even as she pulled out several gun cartridges from the pouch by her side, dumping it onto the seat.

“Don’t let them escape!” The Effendi’s angered scream echoed through the town square.

Nicholas stepped on the accelerator and the car sped out of the town square like a bat out of hell. Alec let out a loud groan even as there was the sound of a sharp crack, and the right wing mirror exploded into smithereens.

“Get down!” Nicholas ordered, never releasing his foot on the accelerator even as the car swerved dangerously through the streets of the Royal City, knocking over several crates and barrels and even street stalls as he did so.

Yuri snarled even as the sounds of multiple cracks echoed through the air; but thankfully, thanks to the bullet proof glass of the militia vehicle they’re in, the bullets never penetrated the glass of the back windscreen.

“I was wondering where the hell you’d disappeared to.” Alec told his best friend grimly. “Thanks for the save!”

“How’s Karen doing?” Nicholas questioned, his lips curling into a grim line, concentrating on the road in front of him as he increased the speed to as fast as the car could go. He cast a worried glance at the gas meter on the dashboard—currently in the orange zone—and he hoped that it’d at least last them long enough until they could get to their destination.

“She’s unconscious.” Alec answered after a moment, checking on the redhead next to him. “Let’s get out of here.”

“Yeah, I second that.” Yuri agreed, pulling her head back in the window and turning around momentarily to check on Karen. “We’re heading for Allerton.”

✯✯✯ 

It was nearly an entire day’s travel from the Royal City to Allerton—since they decided to take the less populated paths to shake off any soldiers of the Guard or Jaeger units that were currently on their tail. Thanks to their familiarity with the terrain, it wasn’t that difficult for them to shake off the Guard, who weren’t as used to the weather-beaten mountain paths as they were.

Thus, it was nearly mid-afternoon, the next day, when they arrived in Allerton. The dark skies above were threatening rain, with the dark clouds blocking out the rays of the sun.

Nicholas, who had been at the wheel since the beginning, frowned when he squinted and saw the distinct shapes of numerous black army vehicles forming blockades at the southern entrance of Allerton, and immediately stepped on the brake, nearly causing all of them to go through the windshield.

“What is it, Nick?” Alec demanded, adjusting Karen’s position carefully—with all of them having nearly gone through the windshield when Nicholas had applied on the brakes suddenly. 

Yuri had used whatever limited medical supplies that she had brought with her as well as what they found in the car to tend to Karen’s injuries sustained from her time in captivity—or at least, those that are visible with the eye at least; but it was clear to all of them that they needed a doctor. Fast.

“The Guard.” Nicholas growled with fury, immediately killing the car’s headlights. Right on cue, a low rumble thundered overhead, and a light drizzle began, splattering against the hood of the car.

“And blockades apparently.” Alec scowled, squinting. His eyesight isn’t as good as Yuri’s or even Nicholas, with the car being far enough away that the militia wouldn’t notice them, but Alec could still make out the distinct shapes of militia vehicles and blockades around the town.

Yuri’s ears pricked up, catching the faint rumbles of an approaching vehicle. “Shit,” she cussed to herself, turning around in the side passenger seat. “Nicholas, take a left and go down the side path. Now! Someone’s coming!”

“On it.” Nicholas’s mouth twisted into a grim line as he immediately followed Yuri’s instructions. Next to Alec, Karen moaned in pain even through unconsciousness as the car’s sudden movements jarred her injuries.

And just in time too.

As Nicholas swerved and placed the car in park behind a tall boulder, thus concealing the car from view, but still giving them a good enough view of the road, a pair of harsh headlights cut through the darkness that the storm skies had brought; revealing three black army trucks bearing the Guard’s familiar insignia.

“The Guard.” Nicholas cussed to himself, squinting as the three army trucks parked a short distance from the blockade, and two soldiers each emerged from each truck. The sounds of a vehicle approaching caught the attention of all three; and they turned only to see another militia vehicle approaching the blockade.

“Pursuers too.” Yuri growled low in her throat. “And I’ll bet that Jaeger isn’t far behind. We have to leave.”

“We can’t use the car anymore either way.” Nicholas remarked, jerking his chin towards the dashboard where the gas meter was currently pointing at ‘Empty’. “I’m amazed that it lasted us this long.” He glanced at his friends. “We have to meet up with the others.” Nicholas concluded as they left the car, with Alec lifting an unconscious Karen into his arms. Yuri, however, wasn’t paying attention; she had her phone to her ear.

Finally, she turned her attention to the other two currently conscious members of their group. “I can’t get in contact with the others. Knowing the Effendi, they must be on the run too. And chances are everywhere else in the region is under heavy watch.”

Alec frowned. “We have to somehow get to the safehouse,” he murmured, glancing at Karen with concern. She wouldn’t last long if they couldn’t get some medical assistance soon.

“Too far away on foot.” Nicholas shook his head immediately. “Karen wouldn’t make it.” He looked from Alec to Yuri. “What about the trains?”

“Too risky.” Yuri shot that suggestion down immediately. “Jaeger probably has their soldiers and agents at the train stations, knowing Camellia—especially if there are already blockades at the various towns. They’d be able to identify us in a heartbeat—even if we changed our faces.”

“And walking into any of the train stations is like waving a red flag above our heads either way.” Alec scoffed, placing the unconscious Karen gently back into the back seats of the car—at least until they could figure out a plan.

Yuri was about to say something when she froze; feeling the familiar tremors and pain coursing through her body. “…Sweet Gaia, not now…!”

“Yuri…?” Nicholas voiced his concern even as Yuri slumped against the side of the car and slid down it to the ground, her pants immediately getting drenched by the rain-soaked ground. “Are you okay?”

Yuri ignored Nicholas’s questions and attempts to help her as she tried to focus her mind through the white, blinding pain; reaching for her pouch for the portable medical case that she never went anywhere without. She let out a cuss when she found it empty.

She must have forgotten to refill it.

“If you need help, you can always go to him. He’s your twin brother. No matter what you’ve done, he will always help you. He’s the one person in the world that will never betray you or hurt you.”

Lieben’s words came to the fore of Yuri’s memory just then.

Yuri bit on her lower lip, her face pale and the pain growing worse by the minute. Why must this happen now?!

“Yuri, what’s going on? Did you get injured?” Nicholas was by her side, looking her over, face pale and eyes wide.

Yuri tried hard to regulate her breathing, taking her mind somewhere where she could block her mind off from the pain; but to no avail. She barely realised that Nicholas had pulled out his phone and had started to frantically dial.

“No good. Ethan and Hayden aren’t answering.” Nicholas sounded frustrated, pulling his phone from his ear.

“Neither are Kara and Lesley.” Alec answered, following suit. He looked at Yuri anxiously. 

Yuri closed her eyes momentarily before making up her mind. They couldn’t stay too long; the Guard would chance upon them sooner or later.

Yuri gritted her teeth against the pain, forcing her trembling hand to reach for her phone in her pouch. She would have dropped it if not for Nicholas’ assistance.

Yuri nodded to Nicholas weakly, fumbling with the keypad; scrolling down her remarkably short contacts’ list until she reached a certain name…

‘Please don’t let this be a mistake. Don’t let trusting you be a mistake. Please… I can’t take any more of this…!’ Yuri pleaded inwardly.

“Here. Let me.” Nicholas sounded solemn, obviously realising that Yuri wasn’t going to explain anything. He pressed the dial button and pressed the phone to Yuri’s ear.

The phone rang for a long time before the call was answered.

“…Hello?” The male voice sounded cautious.

Yuri breathed heavily, not saying anything for several moments before she opened her mouth, “…Liam? It’s me.” Her voice sounded hoarse.

There was a long, stunned silence on the other end of the line.

“…Yuri?”

✯✯✯ 

Liam Michaelis had been in a foul mood since his confrontation with the Commander days ago, and had spent his time sitting in his office, going through paperwork like it was going out of style.

Needless to say, everyone had been treading on eggshells around him ever since. The whole of Legion—and especially Liam’s team—were all at once both curious and concerned about what has placed Liam in such a bad mood for so long.

Liam scowled as he read through another report of a border patrol mission. But his mind, as usual, was replaying his conversation with Lieben, and how he had said that it’d been for the good of the Legion that he’d kept information about Yuri from him.

What good for the Legion? Liam scowled fiercely; glaring at the report in his hand like it had done him some great wrong. All that he had done was just play with people’s lives!

Besides…

Liam signed the report with fervour before placing it in the ‘Out’ tray. He then leaned back into his chair, staring at nothing in particular, one hand playing at the choker around his neck, recalling his short encounter with Yuri.

His sister.

‘She looked terrified.’ Liam realised. ‘Of me.’ Liam stared at his clenched fist. ‘What happened? What did they do to my sister?’

There was a knock on the door and Joshua entered, flipping through a black file with a frown on his face. “Liam, I need you to look at this,” he told his best friend, closing the door behind him without looking up.

Liam sighed, looking at Joshua. “…Okay,” he responded, holding out a hand for the file.

Joshua raised a brow even as he handed Liam the file, watching him read the papers within. “What’s wrong with you?” he questioned, perplexed. “You’ve barely said a word since you returned to HQ the other day in a hissy mood.”

Liam said nothing for several moments, looking through the file which merely reported a routine guard check. “…I found her,” he said at last.

“Who?” Joshua gave Liam an odd look.

Liam finally looked at his best friend. “…Yuri.”

Joshua stared at Liam like he’d grown two new heads. “…Come again?”

“I found her.” Liam said again, closing the file. “Lieben… The Commander knew where she’s been all along, and he kept it from me!” Liam’s voice came out in a growl.

“Whoa, hold up there, tiger. Start from the beginning.” Joshua ordered, pulling up the chair in front of Liam’s desk for himself, realising that this might just be the start of a long story.

And then, Joshua listened as Liam talked. He said nothing, merely listening intently as Liam explained the entire story. He told Joshua of how he’d gone to Solaris, acting on Evan’s lead to find the leader of Blade, only to realise that it had been his twin sister all this time. He then told of how he’d gone to confront Sage Lieben after that, realising that he had known.

“Liam, he must have a reason.” Joshua reasoned at last. “The Commander never does things without understanding all possible outcomes. You know that.”

Liam scowled. “I know,” he said grimly. “Whatever he does—he only does it with one thought in mind. For the good of the Legion. Unfortunately, his methods leave much to be desired.” Joshua winced, knowing that Liam was referring to the Commander’s ways of sacrificing the people of the underground. “I just…can’t trust him anymore.”

Joshua said nothing. Honestly, it had been a long time coming, and he knew that Liam hadn’t fully trusted the Commander for much longer than this current transgression. Probably not since the first time Liam and Sage Lieben had a full-blown shouting match in the latter’s office when Liam found out about the Commander’s orders to sacrifice one of their informants due to the Effendi’s Guard getting too close.

Liam gave a bitter chuckle. “I really should have guessed it the moment I heard from Chris and Tracey and the others that they’d met a girl who was a dead ringer for me,” he commented, playing with the choker around his neck. “I don’t know why I never thought about it before—that this girl might just be Yuri.” Liam shook his head. “Yuri… Yulia Michaelis.”

Joshua raised a brow. “What do you mean?”

“That’s Yuri’s real name.” Liam answered. He finally looked at Joshua in the eye. “Yulia Michaelis.” He said slowly. “‘Yuri’ is just a nickname—something that I used to call her when we were little. I could never pronounce the ‘lia’ in Yulia back then, and ended up calling her ‘Yuli’ which gradually became ‘Yuri’. The name stuck, and over time, everyone that we knew started calling her ‘Yuri’—even Dad and Uncle Sig. I doubt that anyone besides my father, Uncle Sig and me even knew that Yulia is Yuri’s real name.”

 “So? What’s bothering you so much?”

Liam said nothing for several moments, twirling a curl of his hair around his index finger. “It’s just…” He spoke at last, hesitant. “I guess… We… I was so fixated on this war and the Effendi that I gradually started losing sight of what’s important. I even forgot the reason I joined the Legion to begin with.”

“Do you blame him?” Joshua asked carefully, eyeing his best friend.

“I get that this is war.” Liam said fiercely, getting angry all over again. “And that dying in battle or on a mission is all too common. And call me selfish if you want to. I won’t deny it. But as far as I’m concerned, it wasn’t just the Effendi that destroyed my family and killed my dad. The Commander had a part to play too. A major one.” He glared at Joshua, daring him to object. Across from Liam, Joshua wisely kept his mouth shut. “He kept my sister from me.” Liam’s voice shook with rage. “He knew. He knew where Yuri had been all this time, and he kept it from me. I’ll never forgive him for that.”

“Liam…” Joshua murmured. “What are you going to do, then? Are you going to leave the Legion?”

Objectively, Joshua knew that if Liam did so, half his team would leave with him, especially Tracey and Jared. For some reason, those two had always shown deep loyalty to Liam, compared to the others in the team. Joshua had wondered why for awhile now; but whatever the reason, neither of them talked about it.

Liam scowled. If truth be told, he was solely tempted to do so just to spite Lieben. He also knew that, if he really wanted to, he could probably turn the underground against Lieben as well. But doing so might just worsen the situation in Adaytren, and the last thing they needed was a civil war of sorts within the Legion.

“…I’ll at least stay until the end of the war.” Liam said at last. “But I will not follow the Commander blindly anymore.”

Joshua scoffed. “You never did anyway,” he pointed out bluntly. Liam’s independence was probably one of several reasons why Liam’s team followed him.

The ringing of Liam’s phone cut him off from his response to Joshua. Liam pulled his phone towards him from where it lay on his desk. He then raised one eyebrow when he saw the word ‘Unidentified’ on it.

Strange.

“Not going to answer?” Joshua prompted after Liam stared at the screen for several moments.

Liam shot Joshua an annoyed look before answering the call, pressing the phone to his ear. “…Hello?”

No one said anything for several moments, and Liam frowned at that. He could, however, hear the sounds of someone breathing heavily over the line and rain in the background.

As Liam was about to hang up the phone, a voice spoke from the other end of the line.

“…Liam? It’s me.”

The voice sounded hoarse, but Liam recognised it almost instantly.

His eyes widened with shock, and he stood up immediately, knocking his chair over from his sudden movement, and startling Joshua. Liam pressed the phone harder against his ear.

“…Yuri?” Liam almost whispered. Across from him, the look on Joshua’s face turned almost comical. On any other day, Liam might have laughed at his best friend. “Yuri, is that you?” He sounded desperate. Liam chewed on his bottom lip, hoping that Yuri wouldn’t suddenly decide to hang up on him. Knowing Blade’s reputation, Liam honestly doubted his ability to trace the call if that happened. “…Yuri? Please. Talk to me. What’s happening?” Liam pleaded. “Are you all right?”

There was muffled talking over the other end of the line that Liam couldn’t hear properly. Then, an unfamiliar male voice spoke over the phone.

“Hello? Who is this?”

Liam frowned. “…Liam Michaelis of the Legion,” he answered promptly. “Let me talk to my sister.”

“Liam Michaelis? I’m Nicholas of the Undertakers.” The voice answered, and Liam knew that his surprise had shown up on his face. The Undertakers? Alec’s group? “I can’t say much. But…” He hesitated, and there was more muffled arguing over the other end of the line. “We’re at the outskirts of Allerton. On the southern side. Yuri and Karen need your help. If Yuri is calling you… That must mean she trusts you.” Nicholas said grudgingly. “The Effendi’s Guard… They’ve surrounded Allerton. Please… We need some help.”

Liam frowned, several questions running about his head—but he voiced none of them out loud. “Let me talk to Yuri,” he said again, extremely confused, but he could detect the urgency in Nicholas’ voice.

There were more brief murmurings before Yuri spoke again. “…Please Liam… I need your help…”

Liam was already reaching for his coat and the keys to the van assigned to his team and already halfway across his office. “I’ll be there as soon as I can,” he answered promptly. He opened the door to his office and was met with the startled faces of his teammates, and a very confused Joshua right behind him. “I’ll be there in two hours.” Considering the distance between Legion headquarters and Allerton, two hours was doubtful at best, especially if there were indeed blockades as Nicholas had said, and not to mention the weather. Liam hesitated. “Wait for me, Yuri.” He said at last before hanging up. Liam then looked at his confused teammates, already shrugging on his coat. “Get geared up. We’re moving out!”

✯✯✯ 

“Are you sure about this?” Nicholas asked quietly as Yuri ended the call, her hand falling into her lap. “He’s Legion—”

“If it’s Liam Michaelis, we can trust him.” Alec interrupted from where he stood leaning against the side of the car next to the opened door of the backseat. His face looked grim with worry. “We don’t have much choice either way, Nick.” He made a silent gesture towards Karen and Yuri, and Nicholas nodded in acknowledgment.

Yuri said nothing.

For now, she could only put her trust in a young man that she was bonded to by blood—a brother whom she had never properly met, and didn’t remember. And for once in her life, Yuri prayed that she was doing the right thing.







16

REUNION


“Butterflies can’t see their wings. They can’t truly see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that as well. They are blind to what’s in front of them.” - Naya Rivera

✯✯✯ 

Joshua was assigned to driver’s duty; there was just no way that Liam would be able to concentrate on the roads with how preoccupied his mind had been.

The entire journey towards Allerton had Joshua avoiding all the major roads and towns, to ensure they didn’t run into patrol squads of both the Guard or the Legion. In the back, Liam had filled in his very confused teammates as to why they had been suddenly ordered to gear up and leave Legion headquarters in a hurry without even bothering to fill in the ledger that all agents were required to do should they ever leave headquarters.

Joshua is certain that either the Commander or his father would start ringing them up come morning, once they realised that the entire team had gone MIA.

As they listened to Liam, Jared and Chris felt like smacking themselves in the face when they realised that the girl whom they’d met—the Liam lookalike—was actually their team leader’s twin sister.

It certainly explained a lot however—like why Yuri looked so much like Liam and vice versa, of course. But there had also been a familiar air about her; even some of her gestures were vaguely similar to Liam’s.

It must be a twin thing or something.

“Hard to imagine that Blade and the Undertakers are in trouble.” Tracey remarked, checking through her medical pack again. “They’re some of the best.”

“Actually, I did hear something through the grapevine that they broke someone out from the Royal City.” Chris volunteered the information from where he sat hunched over his portal computer—the dim light from the machine cast an almost ominous blue glow on his face. With those words, every single head swivelled towards the brunette in disbelief—especially Liam. “I thought it was a rumour in the beginning—you know how rumours get blown out of proportion; but it seems like there’s some truth to it.” Chris shrugged, although he still seemed almost impressed.

“Certainly explains everything.” Jared sighed. “And it certainly explains a lot about why they need help.” To the point they contacted the Legion, went unsaid. Jared glanced at Liam, who looked extremely grim, as he checked and rechecked his weapons. “She—They will be fine, Liam.” He added, and Liam looked at Jared. “We know the reputations of Blade and the Undertakers. They’re tough. Something like this can’t kill them.”

The rest of the team exchanged bewildered looks. Jared comforting Liam? Sure, Jared respected Liam, and seems to be loyal to him—but he tends to mouth off to Liam more often than not. In fact, Jared was that way to everyone except for Natasha and Evan—his childhood friends.

“He’s right.” Chris nodded. “You forget—I was there at Volans when they blew the entire facility up with just three of them. They’re skilled. And tough.”

Liam gave a weak smile. “…Yeah.”

“We’re approaching in ten minutes.” Joshua called from the front, killing the headlights so as to prevent the Guard discovering them quite so easily. 

The next ten minutes were the longest ten minutes of Liam’s life. It felt almost like an hour to him, especially when Joshua had to cut down on the speed to lessen the noise of the van’s engines.

Finally, Joshua turned down a dirt path, concealing the van within the dark shadows of the nearby trees. He then turned in his seat to look at the back. “I can’t go any further, or the soldiers are going to hear us,” he warned. Night had already long fallen; with the darkness helping to conceal their presences further.

Liam nodded, already moving towards the doors. “Tracey and Chris. You’re both with me,” he ordered. “Jared, you’re on standby with Joshua.”

“Uh… Yes sir.” Tracey murmured, already grabbing her medical pack and following Liam out of the van. Chris followed suit, checking his gun and ammo a final time. Jared didn’t look too happy to be excluded, but he said nothing.

Everyone knew better than to test Liam’s steadily thinning temper these days—especially after the shouting match that he’d had with the Commander several days ago. No one really knew what it had been about, but it’d had the effect of causing Liam to pretend that any room or chair with the Commander in it was empty.

Everyone in Liam’s team wisely decided to say nothing about it in turn.

Liam immediately pulled up the hood of his weather resistant coat to shield himself from the light drizzle as he snapped on his torch. The light immediately shone the path for them.

Liam let his other hand fall to his gun and remove it. On either side of him, he saw Tracey and Chris doing the same thing. 

They were in unknown territory, after all. One would be a fool to not be cautious.

Liam led the way towards Allerton, following the weather-beaten road. When he spied the faint outlines of blockades and army trucks in the distance, Liam immediately snapped off the light, giving inward thanks to the Mother Goddess that he had thought to approach on foot, and for the weather—easier for them to blend into the night, especially with the rain.

“Where to now, Liam? Where are they?” Chris asked, careful to keep his voice low. Even with the rain and low rumbles of thunder, one couldn’t be too careful. After all, there is no knowing what type of weapons and machinery that the Guard would have brought with them to Allerton—what with the number of blockades around the town.

Liam said nothing for several moments, looking left and right, frowning to himself. Beside him, Tracey tapped on his shoulder, causing him to turn his attention towards his teammate. The medic pointed towards the left where they could just see the faint outlines of what seemed to be an army car concealed behind a tall boulder in the distance.

Liam likely wouldn’t have noticed it either if Tracey hadn’t pointed it out to him.

Chris tensed, tightening his grip on his gun. “The Guard?” he murmured, his brows crinkling.

Liam shook his head. “No. I don’t think so,” he answered, walking towards the out-of-place car. Tracey and Chris took a moment before they followed him. If Liam’s hunch was correct, then…

Liam felt his breath hitch as he saw the petite figure seated at the foot of the boulder. Next to her, a tall young man was using his coat to shield the former from the rain. Liam also recognised Alec leaning against the side of the army car that they’d spotted earlier, with another person—a young woman, maybe a little older than he is—seated in the back.

But Liam cared for none of that. His only concern was for the person at the foot of the boulder.

“Yuri!” Liam called out, increasing his careful walk to a brisk run, his heart thumping rapidly. His sister. His other half. He’d finally found her.

Alec and the other boy whom Liam presumed to be Nicholas watched the three Legion agents as they approached. Alec’s stance was non-threatening—he didn’t move a single muscle even as they neared. But Nicholas’s hand had fallen to his side the moment he saw them.

Yuri didn’t look too good even as Liam knelt down next to her. His brows furrowed as he saw that Yuri seemed pale, even in the darkness, and her features were pinched with pain.

“What happened?” Liam asked quickly. “Tracey—” He was silenced by a hand on his arm that belonged to Yuri.

Yuri’s silver-blue eyes, so much like his, were half-glazed over with pain, but she was still conscious. “…Take a look at Karen first,” she rasped in a hoarse voice. “I’m fine. Check her first.”

Despite her words however, Liam could see Yuri eyeing Tracey suspiciously. Her current state notwithstanding, Liam was pretty certain that if Tracey did anything to Karen, Yuri would likely kill her on the spot.

Tracey, who was halfway to Yuri, looked at Liam and hesitated. Liam looked conflicted, but he nodded reluctantly, and Tracey diverted towards Karen. 

“What happened?” Liam asked again, looking at Nicholas, who shrugged.

“We have no idea.” Nicholas answered. He exchanged looks with Alec, who was watching carefully as Tracey checked Karen over. The leader of the Undertakers frowned but nodded—a silent message passed between them. “We were heading to Allerton, but you saw the blockades.” He gestured towards the town. “Our only other option is to head for the safe house, but the car ran out of gas.”

Liam stared at Nicholas for a long while before nodding. He realised that this might just be a bit of a long story, judging from the rumours. “All right. We’ll take you there,” he said. There was no way they could use one of the Legion’s safe houses after all—not if Liam didn’t want the Commander or Sigmund to find them. “Two of my teammates are waiting back there with our van.” He jerked his thumb over his shoulder before he turned his attention towards Yuri. “Yuri? Can you walk?” His voice was almost gentle and tender—something that no one had ever heard before. Thus, Liam received quite a few odd looks from his two teammates.

Yuri bit on her lower lip, looking resigned. She looked at Liam—really looked at him, defeated. “…I need some help,” she admitted.

“All right. I’m going to help you up.” Liam said quietly, making sure that Yuri knew what he was about to do. Right now, his sister reminded him of a caged animal—hurt and suspicious of everything. “We need to move fast. We can’t stay here for much longer.”

Yuri nodded gingerly as she used Liam’s shoulder as support. The latter helped her up by wrapping an arm around her waist to take most of her weight. Yuri was almost angry at herself as she realised how shaky her legs felt.

She had never felt so helpless and weak before.

Has the disease really travelled this far? How much more time did she have left?

Nicholas looked at Liam suspiciously before turning his gaze towards Yuri. “Yuri?” he prompted.

Yuri shook her head. “Don’t,” she warned, seeing something in Nicholas that Liam didn’t. “We can trust him.”

Nicholas grunted, not entirely convinced, but willing to believe in Yuri’s words. “If you say so,” he muttered grudgingly. “Alec?”

“We have to move now.” Alec told him from where he currently held an unconscious Karen in his arms. “Karen’s condition is stabilised for now, but we need to get to the safe house.” He glanced at Tracey and gave her an appreciative nod—a gesture that was returned. “We have proper medical supplies and tools there.” He added for the Legion agents’ sake.

“All right.” Liam cast a cursory glance over everyone present before looking towards where he knew Allerton lay. “Come on. We have to go.” He supported most of Yuri’s weight as they made their way towards where they’d left Jared and Joshua with the van. Yuri’s breath hitched with pain as they moved, but she showed none of it on her face.

“She’s going to be fine.” Chris murmured from the fore of the group.

Liam closed his eyes briefly, tightening his hold on his sister. “…I know.”

Even still, every movement that caused Yuri pain caused Liam’s heart to clench.

Not for the first time since he’d realised that Yuri had originally been an Enforcer and that Lieben had kept her existence from him, Liam wondered just what had happened to her in the past decade or so.

He had a gut feeling that he wasn’t going to like the story.

✯✯✯ 

Sigmund Lestat wasn’t surprised when an agent reported to him that Liam Michaelis had been missing for over a day.

Though Sigmund was surprised that Liam’s entire team had gone AWOL along with him.

This was all Sage’s fault, Sigmund scowled to himself as he took the route that would take him to the Patrol Unit’s office. Legion agents were quick to get out of his way when they saw the look on his face. If Lieben hadn’t kept everything from Liam for some unfathomable reason, that boy wouldn’t have reacted this badly.

It was almost a miracle that Liam hadn’t walked out of the Legion completely.

Sigmund ignored the startled looks from the few agents present in the office, and walked towards the stack of folders piled high on the nearby desk. He took the top file and flipped it open. He was inwardly relieved as he scanned the latest record from the agent on guard duty at the eastern gate.

Sigmund frowned when he saw the mention of Liam’s entire team taking off in their van without even bothering to fill in the ledger. The entire headquarters had been in an uproar since the agent had reported this bit of news two days ago, and no one could contact even one member of the team.

Where did you run off to, Liam? Sigmund wondered, crinkling his brows. He knew Liam’s methods might be unorthodox at times, and might end up with him breaking several of the Legion’s laws in the process, but eight out of ten times, Liam’s decisions often served the Legion well in the long run. Besides, Joshua was with him, and Sigmund trusted his son to keep Liam out of trouble.

“Uh… Sir? Lieutenant? Are you all right?” One of the agents probed at Sigmund hesitantly.

“Hmm?” Sigmund looked up from trying to glare a hole through the report in his hand, and he blinked. “Oh. Sorry. I’m fine.” He heaved a sigh. “Do you mind if I borrow this?” He held up the folder. The agent looked bewildered, but nodded. “Thanks. I’ll send this through the Records Department once I’m done with it.”

“Uh… Yes sir.”

Sigmund gave a curt nod to the agent before leaving, heading straight to his own office. He barely acknowledged the Legion agents he met on the way, his mind preoccupied.

“Damn it. Liam… Joshua…” Sigmund growled once he arrived in the safety and privacy of his own office. He began to leaf through the report again. “Where the hell are the both of you?”

His cell phone started to ring at that moment. 

Startled, it took Sigmund several moments to fish it out of his pocket. His eyes bulged when he saw his son’s name reflected on the LCD screen, and took no time in answering the call.

“Dad—”

“Joshua, where are you?” Sigmund barked out before his son could say anything else. “Is Liam with you? The rest of your team?”

“Uh… Yeah?” Joshua sounded sheepish even over the phone. “We’re fine, Dad. We can’t just leave Liam alone.”

Sigmund let out a breath of relief that he hadn’t realised he’d been holding. “Why didn’t you tell anyone?” He was relieved at least that they are all right. “Everyone is all up in arms because your entire team hasn’t been seen for nearly two days!”

“Have you met Liam, Dad?” Joshua sounded annoyed. “You know there’s no changing his mind when he gets like that.”

Sigmund restrained a groan. Yes. He knew that perfectly well. Liam was so much like Johan that it wasn’t even funny. “Well, can you at least tell me where you are?” he asked at last.

“I can’t tell you that! Liam will kill me!” Joshua squeaked. “We’re in a safe place—at one of…the Undertakers’ safe houses.” Sigmund pulled the phone away from his ear, staring at it in bewilderment before pressing it back to his ear once more. Did he just hear Joshua right? “And well… Yuri needs our help.” Joshua said the last part quietly.

Sigmund tried to comprehend what he’d just heard come out of his son’s mouth.

There was only one ‘Yuri’ whom he knew. Did Joshua mean…?

“…When you say ‘Yuri’, do you mean…?”

“Yes.”

✯✯✯ 

Nicholas had taken over the driving duty; none of the Legion agents knew where the safe house was located. Jared had taken the passenger’s seat next to Nicholas whilst the rest of them huddled in the back.

More than one Legion agent had continuously stared at Liam and Yuri, wondering why the thought had never come to mind when they’d first met Yuri for themselves.

Liam was quiet as he sat beside his twin. No one had said anything even as Liam kept sneaking glances at his sister every two minutes—like he was afraid that Yuri would disappear if he took his eyes off her.

Yuri, on the other hand, stubbornly kept herself upright and awake, despite feeling ready to collapse at any moment, even as she watched Tracey make sure that Karen was fine during their journey. 

The Legion agents were concerned; despite only having one meeting with her, they knew enough from their interactions that Yuri wasn’t the type to show weaknesses of any sort. Just what had happened to her to cause her to look like that?

Alec seems to know what is going on however.

It had taken nearly an entire day’s journey to make it to the safe house; with them stopping periodically for short breaks, as well as to refill gas from the spare gas cans they have. The Legion agents however have no idea whether to feel insulted or not whenever Alec, Nicholas and Yuri checked the food and water they were given before consummation. 

By the time they arrived at the safe house, well after sundown, the Legion agents could understand why Nicholas had insisted on driving. None of them would have seen or even noticed the building if it hadn’t been pointed out to them. It was well camouflaged within the shadowed greenery of the forest surroundings—nearly five miles east of what had originally been the town of Nishka.

The next couple of minutes were a flurry of activity and confusion. Tracey, Leticia and Kara were quick to usher Karen to the room allotted as the safe house’s infirmary, refusing to let anyone into the room.

✯✯✯ 

“Gale told me about you.”

Yuri looked up from where she was seated on the bed in ‘her’ room. Leticia had taken one look at her when they’d first entered the safe house, and had ushered Yuri upstairs immediately, digging out the standby pack of medicines that she’d taken with her, and had left Yuri to it.

Yuri watched as Soma closed the door behind him, leaning his weight against it to keep it shut. 

“I see now what he meant, though.” Yuri remarked, not taking her eyes off Soma as she removed the needle from her arm, covering it with her sleeve once more. “You do look a lot like the Effendi.”

Soma scowled at that comment. “Just… How much did Gale tell you? About me?” he probed.

Yuri shrugged. “Not a lot,” she admitted. “He didn’t want to say anything about you; apart from his request to get you out. He merely told me that it was your story to tell if you want to. Though…” She studied Soma’s features carefully. “I can guess.”

Soma was silent. “I met Gale about two years ago,” he said at last, looking at the window across from him as if seeing something fascinating there; despite the fact that it was still dark out. “He was the one to foil my attempt at assassinating that man.” He scowled fiercely. “If Gale hadn’t stopped me, I would have succeeded.”

“You wouldn’t have been able to walk out alive if you did.” Yuri pointed out bluntly.

“I don’t care.” Soma shrugged. “As long as that man dies, what happens to me is moot. That…was my thinking at that time. Gale subdued me without even killing me. Trust me, I was surprised to find myself waking up in a cell after that. And then… Gale and Dominion’s commander squirreled me away into a secret cell in the Sina Facility. I stayed there ever since.”

“They were trying to protect you.” Yuri reasoned. “If they’d just released you, you would have tried again to assassinate the Effendi, wouldn’t you?” Soma grumbled something beneath his breath. “Putting you in a place where only the both of them knew. Only two people can cause Gale and Hiram to take measures this extreme. Either the Effendi, or Ezekiel.” Soma gave a grimace. “So… You’re the Effendi’s son?”

“He’s not my father.” Soma said immediately. “He’s not!”

Yuri stared at Soma. “Why don’t you start from the beginning?” she prompted.

Soma frowned, crossing one ankle over the other, and staring at the floor beneath his feet. “It’s not a very interesting story. I don’t know the entire tale, either,” he admitted. “Long before I was born, my mother had been a palace maid for the Effendi; sold to him by her parents, I heard. Not something uncommon in those days. She had been extremely beautiful.” Soma gave a wistful smile, recalling the few pictures that he had of his late mother. Yuri definitely didn’t miss the past tense that Soma used. “Probably… That was the reason why the Effendi targeted her.” Soma clenched his hands into fists by his side at this point. “He raped my mother.” He snarled. “After that, with the help and assistance of some of the other servants, she ran away to the Solaris slums when she found out that she was pregnant. With me. She died not long after my birth, and the people of the slums raised me after that. They were the ones to teach me everything I knew. How to survive. How to fight. They taught me all that.”

“I see.” Yuri mused, curling her fingers together. “Your story is one that I’ve heard multiple times before, though it doesn’t always have the Effendi as the perpetrator. Even still…” She got to her feet. “It’s a sad thing, Soma. But this is how things are in Adaytren now. Humans make mistakes—that is an undeniable fact. But to learn from them—that is another thing entirely.”

Soma gave a start at those familiar words, staring at Yuri as if seeing her for the first time. He recalled what Gale had said about Yuri; that she wouldn’t judge him, and that Soma could trust her.

“Gale said the same thing before.” Soma admitted. “He also said that you taught him that.” He looked at Yuri. “He said that you taught him not to avert his eyes from the truth, no matter how ugly and painful it might be.”

“…How was he during his time in the Royal City?” Yuri’s voice wavered.

“I’m not really certain.” Soma admitted. “I never saw him outside my cell, but I know that things had been really hard on him lately. Gale was the one who made sure that I was fed ever since I was locked up. For the first couple of months after my imprisonment, I really loathed him. I hated him. I asked him more than once why he’d spared me. I was prepared to die. I wanted to. Gale took that from me.” Soma felt a stab of guilt, recalling the way he’d shouted at Gale for the first couple of months before they fell into a tentative friendship. “I only saw Gale as an Enforcer—one of the Effendi’s lapdogs.” 

Soma gulped nervously when silver-blue eyes froze over and pinned him with an icy stare. It didn’t take a genius to realise that Yuri didn’t appreciate anyone insulting her former partner. 

“But then, gradually, I saw more of the person that he truly is, rather than the Enforcer mask that he puts up around everyone. We became friends. And I think I knew it all along. I knew that it was because of him and the Dominion commander that I was still alive. It’s just…at that time… I didn’t want to admit it.”

“Yeah, I can understand that.” Yuri nodded. “I’ve known Gale for a long time. I know how stubborn he can be. Ethan doesn’t understand why I can’t just accept Gale’s decisions as it is, but…” She trailed off and shook her head. “He’s a good guy. I still think that Gale could have made a different decision that night, but he made his choice. I respect that.”

Soma studied Yuri carefully. “…You know, he often came to visit me even when he didn’t have to bring me my meals,” he said. “Gale often spoke with me—about mundane stuff. Anything really. And during those conversations, one person came up a lot.”

Yuri’s eyes widened a fraction before she looked away; a wry smile tugging at the corner of her lips. Gale had to find some way to retain his sanity after all. She shouldn’t really be surprised that he had found a confidant in Soma.

After all, who else could Gale trust in the Royal City?

At least with Soma, Gale knew that he wouldn’t be telling anyone what he’d said.

“…I need a breather. I’ll be outside.”

✯✯✯ 

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief when Kara and Tracey headed downstairs to inform them that Karen was going to be all right, and that now what she needed most was some uninterrupted rest.

Liam looked around the room with a frown, not seeing his sister anywhere. Actually, he hadn’t seen her since Karen was taken up to the infirmary.

“Where’s Yuri?” Liam asked the room.

“She stepped outside a moment ago.” Soma volunteered, having arrived to the ground just before Kara and Tracey reported Karen’s condition. 

Liam hesitated, biting on his lower lip. Should he give Yuri some time?

A light shove on his shoulder blades sent him stumbling forwards. He looked back to see a grim looking Joshua. “Go to her.”

“But…”

“You’ve searched for her for nearly a decade.” Joshua reasoned. “Shouldn’t you be prepared for this meeting by now? Go to her.”

Vaguely aware of all the eyes on him, Liam finally nodded and made his way towards the entrance. Ethan was leaning by the side of the doorway, hands shoved deep within his coat pockets as Liam approached.

“…Don’t hurt her.” Ethan finally spoke as Liam placed a hand on the doorknob. “Yuri has been through enough. Whatever she’s going to tell you, or whatever you’re going to ask her—think about it from her point of view. And watch what you say.”

“…I won’t hurt her.” Liam defended himself weakly. But he knew that Ethan had a point. He knew from experience that words could hurt more than actions.

“I’m serious, Liam Michaelis.” Ethan finally met Liam’s eyes with his own, cold steel visible in dark blue orbs. “You’re her last chance. Don’t screw it up. If you betray her too, that’ll be it. Yuri will never trust again. She might not need me to fight her battles for her, but I will not let it go.” Ethan made a gesture with his chin. “Go.”

Liam inclined his head. “…Thanks,” he murmured, before he stepped through the doorway and closed the door behind him.

“You’re kind of hard on him, aren’t you?” Joshua accused Ethan, who only stared back at Joshua with a raised eyebrow. “Liam would never hurt her—”

“He hasn’t given us a reason to trust him yet.” Hayden leapt to Ethan’s defense, scowling at Joshua. “Brother or not.”

Alec resisted the urge to face palm. He had been wondering when this was going to begin. 

Jared studied Joshua carefully. “Joshua, did you know?” he questioned; and with this question, every head in the room swivelled towards Jared. “Did you know that Liam had a sister?”

“I grew up with him. Of course I did.” Joshua answered, exasperated.

“And you never said anything?” Tracey gave Joshua a hard stare. If Joshua or Liam had just said something, then one of them might have guessed that Yuri was Liam’s sister, rather than passing off the close resemblance as a mere coincidence. 

“It wasn’t my place to tell.” Joshua said patiently. “And besides, I didn’t think that—that Yuri was still alive.” He added hesitantly. “Liam spent ten years searching for his sister. He never found anything. Nothing pertaining to her survival. And nothing pointing towards her death. Isn’t it common sense to believe that he might have given up at some point?”

Tracey exchanged looks with Jared and Chris. 

“I think that deep within him, Liam probably did know that it was his sister who you were talking about.” Joshua reasoned. “But he didn’t want to hang onto false hope.” And be disappointed in the end.

“And, in a way, I did blame Yuri.” Joshua admitted. “It’s not fair, I know.” He added hastily. “But I didn’t know her. And I did know Liam. I only saw what it did to him. So yes, it might be unfair. But I blamed Yuri for what it did to him.”

“You can’t blame her for that.” It was Chris who spoke up. He looked solemn. On either side of him, Jared and Tracey looked annoyed with Joshua. “I’m guessing that they were only small children when she was taken by the Effendi. It’s not her fault. She didn’t have a choice in this.”

Ethan, who was ready to fly at Joshua’s throat, calmed considerably with Chris’ words; though he did give Joshua several dirty looks.

Hayden and the rest of the Undertakers didn’t take it any better. Lesley for one looks ready to go toe-to-toe with Joshua, already with one hand reaching for his weapon; if not for a look from Alec that stopped any of them from doing something that they’ll probably regret.

“I know that.” Joshua admitted, looking ashamed for a moment. He definitely didn’t miss the dark looks thrown at him from all corners of the room. “Back then, Liam joined the training program when we made the cut-off age because of Yuri—because of his sister. Liam figured that the best way to find her was to become a Legion agent. I think after his dad died, Liam felt that he had nothing else left to lose.”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri stared out at the dark surface of the lake behind the safe house, not really seeing anything at all. 

Not the faint ripples made when the occasional wind blew through. Not the reflections in the inky lake of the hundreds of stars in the sky; all shining like diamonds on black velvet.

Nothing at all.

Liam Michaelis.

Really. It must be some kind of sick joke. Or, if the Mother Goddess truly existed, she must have been having a good laugh at Yuri right at that moment. 

Wasn’t her life fucked up enough already? Hadn’t she been through enough?

And just when Yuri was ready to accept everything; willing to accept that she might die when taking down the Effendi… The existence of some brother whom she can’t remember is dropped on her head.

A brother. She had a brother. Family.

Yuri stared at her clenched fist, almost startled to realise that she was shaking—either from fear or from anger. Just how many lies was she fed throughout her entire life? Was there truth in anything that she had been told? Did Hiram know about this? 

How much had the Effendi taken from her?

…Was her entire life just one big, fat lie?

Yuri’s ears pricked up when she caught the sounds of boots trampling grass; and by instinct alone, her left hand fell to her gun holster. She didn’t turn around, however. Made no move to attack.

She knew who it was. The only person it could be.

“Yuri—”

“Have you ever read the tale of ‘The Human Puppet’?” Yuri interrupted, finally turning to face her twin. Liam Michaelis had a grim expression on his face as he moved to stand next to her. Yuri turned her gaze back to the surface of the lake, shoving her hands into her coat pockets. 

“…I did.” Liam nodded, curious as to where the conversation was going. He closed his eyes briefly, recalling one particular paragraph from the mentioned book that he had somehow managed to get his hands on even with the book ban. “‘And so, Ciel cut the strings that bound him as a puppet and left his cruel master, wishing to find his own freedom’.” He quoted. Joshua had always envied his eidetic memory, particularly during their trainee days. “I never did like the story as much as Entwined Fates.” Liam gave a small smile.

Yuri’s lips twitched in response. “‘And so, as Adel destroyed Ciel’s strings, thus causing Ciel to slump to the ground; before his last moments of consciousness fully left him, he realised. He was never free. His will and actions have never been truly his own. He is a puppet with strings to the puppeteer behind him. “I told you; you’d always be mine,” whispered Adel. And as darkness slowly overcome him, Ciel cried out in his mind; “Oh God, Oh God, why have you forsaken me2?” And thus, the puppet Ciel went to his eternal rest’.”

Liam’s lips twitched. So Yuri had an eidetic memory as well.

 “Hiram bought me the book of ‘The Human Puppet’ not long after I became an Enforcer. He must have got it from the black market or something. The story is not a happy tale—I never liked it much. But it stayed stuck in my mind for some reason. In several ways, the early years of my life mirrored Ciel’s. He couldn’t move or act without the will of his master—of Adel.” Yuri tugged at the ends of her coat—a nervous tick. “It was the same for me. If I’m the puppet, then the Effendi was the one pulling my strings.”

Liam shook his head immediately. “Ciel gained his freedom and free will when he cut his strings—”

“He thought he had them—there’s a difference.” Yuri cut in. She gave Liam a sad smile. “I wondered that about myself sometimes, you know?” She grimaced. “In the end… Was I…truly free at all?”

“It’s not your fault.” Liam insisted. “If things had been different that night, it could have been me that was taken, not you.”

Yuri gave Liam an odd look. “Maybe.” She listened to the calming sounds of the water for several moments. “I didn’t want to find out this way—that I still have family left.” She said at last. “A family that didn’t abandon me or sell me to the Effendi.”

Liam choked down his sudden surge of anger. “Was that what they told you?” he growled.

 “Something like that.” Yuri admitted. Those words told Liam more than anything else, and he growled, already plotting the Effendi’s imminent death. “It’s not really that uncommon.” She finally met with Liam’s startled eyes directly.

Liam closed his eyes with grief, understanding what Yuri was trying to tell him without putting it into exact words.

“…The Child Soldier Program, then.” Liam said at last, and Yuri nodded solemnly. “I sincerely hope that those people die a most painful death. There’s a special place in Hell reserved for people like that.”

Yuri made no show that she’d heard the venom in Liam’s voice. “…I can’t remember anything, you know?” she said at last. “Or at least, nothing concrete. It came in bits and pieces in recent years—as dreams, though I could never fully understand it.” 

“It doesn’t matter to me.” Liam said immediately. “You’re still my sister. Help me to understand. What happened in the past? I want to know.”

“…It’s not a pretty tale.”

If Liam heard her voice shaking, he gave no indication that he’d noticed. “I’ve heard worse.”

“It’s a long story.”

“I have time.” Liam said patiently. “I searched for ten years. Tell me, Yuri. Help me to understand.”

Yuri hesitated as she nibbled at her bottom lip—like she’s contemplating Liam’s words or trying to reorganise her thoughts. She hasn’t been this out of control of her own thoughts for a long time.

And then she spoke. 

Yuri started from her earliest memory—back when she was in the Specialised Program with Gale, Mikhail and all the other candidates before they were then all pitted against each other in a duel to the death.

To his credit, Liam didn’t interrupt; he simply listened as Yuri talked. She hadn’t spoken this much to anyone who wasn’t Gale, Ethan or Hayden in years. Once she started, she simply couldn’t stop. 

Liam’s face darkened at certain parts, particularly when Yuri mentioned Ezekiel and the Effendi’s role in the early years of her life.

It was almost strange, surreal even, that Yuri could read his face so easily, given that she didn’t even know of Liam’s existence until a mere month ago.

Finally, Yuri stopped talking. For some reason, telling it all to someone had felt really good.

“I’m sorry.” Liam managed to say, and Yuri looked at him with surprise. Liam looked guilt-ridden. “If only we’d just known… If only I hadn’t convinced myself that you’d died… I might have found you earlier…”

Yuri shook her head; it wasn’t Liam’s fault just as much as it wasn’t hers for getting kidnapped all those years ago. “So… My name…” Yuri looked at Liam. “Yuri… It’s my real name then?”

She had wanted to know for a while. As standard procedure, most candidates that went into the training program had their names changed after they’d undergone the brainwashing procedure to alter their memories.

Why didn’t the Effendi change her name? 

“Not…exactly…” Liam admitted sheepishly. He fingered the ends of his hair before smiling at his twin. “I was the one that gave you the name ‘Yuri’.” He explained, much to Yuri’s surprise. “Though it’s more like I just couldn’t pronounce your full name properly when we were little, and everyone ended up calling you that—even Dad and Uncle Sig. That’s Joshua’s father, and our godfather.” He added upon seeing Yuri’s confusion. “Our dad, Johan Michaelis, was also in Legion until he was killed on a mission years ago. Our mom died when we were babies. She wasn’t originally from this country, and I never really asked how she’d died. Her name was Laura.” Yuri appreciated the information that Liam gave her without her needing to ask. “And your real name…” Liam looked at Yuri with a soft look in his eyes—a look that he had only ever given to Natasha once before, “Yulia Michaelis. That’s your real name.”

“Yulia…” Yuri tested the name. She found it familiar. Maybe some part of her remembered someone calling her by that name as an infant. She gave a small smile. “Call me that. I…don’t want to be ‘Yuri’ anymore.”

Liam’s heart almost broke for his twin.

She had been putting on a brave face for all these years—been through so many horrors that it made what the Legion faced look like a walk through the park. Yuri never had anyone to protect her.

She had survived and struggled and fought to get to where she was today. She had people and comrades and even friends whom she could trust, sure. But did any of them even know the real her?

How many masks had Yuri—Yulia created just to remain sane?

“Whether you’re known as Yuri or Yulia or any other name, you can’t change who you are.” Liam reasoned, shaking his head. “You can’t run from your past, Yuri. You have to face up to it.”

Yuri’s shoulders slumped. “I can’t deal with this much longer,” she admitted. “We’re probably the worst thing that had ever graced the Earth. There is nothing beautiful or kind about humans at all. Even animals and the worst of predators would never harm their own kind. What does it says about humans then when we kept killing each other like it’s going out of style?” She rubbed at her forehead. “I’m tired, Liam.”

✯✯✯ 

“They’re taking an awfully long time, don’t you think?” Tracey murmured, glancing at the door.

“Leave them be.” Alec picked at his nails with the tip of his dagger. “I’m sure those two have a lot to talk about. Ten years is a long time.” He remarked.

“Have you known Yuri for long?” Joshua asked Alec.

Alec looked up to see every Legion agent looking at him. “Not as long as those two or Gale. But yes, I’ve known Yuri for quite a while.” Alec answered, gesturing with his dagger towards where Ethan and Hayden were huddled together. “Might’ve been about four years now.” He mused, and Nicholas gave a sharp nod from his position next to the makeshift coat rack. “I was about nineteen. And Yuri… She must’ve been about fifteen.” He said slowly.

“That’s pretty young.” Jared blinked, exchanging looks with his teammates. Fifteen. 

“Yes. But as far as I know, Yuri had already been an Enforcer at that age.” Alec said. Ethan and Hayden were listening intently as well—they never really knew how Alec and Yuri had met. “I already knew of her by reputation at that point. I met Gale around the same time I met her. Even back then, I thought to myself that those two were different from the rest of the militia.”

“Because they’re part of Dominion?” Joshua cut in snidely; inviting cold glares from anyone who wasn’t part of Legion. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Hayden and Ethan reaching for their weapons. 

✯✯✯ 

“Being in Dominion or part of the Effendi’s Guard… It’s the kind of place where death follows you.” Yuri said, not looking at Liam. “Almost as early as I can remember, I already had a weapon in my hands. Of course, I wasn’t the only one. Gale too. And the rest of the candidates of the Specialised Program. Gale and myself—we were equally matched in combat. And when Hiram took me into Dominion, Gale became my partner.”

Liam had a frown on his face, and for once, it had nothing to do with the Effendi. “This…‘Gale’…” he said slowly. “He wouldn’t happen to be the Death Reaper, would he?”

Yuri looked surprised. “You met him?” she questioned incredulously. 

Rare was the person that’d seen Gale and lived to tell the tale.

“Nearly two years ago now.” Liam shrugged, a wry smile on his lips. “I was on an undercover mission back then, so I doubt that Gale recognised me. I didn’t know who he was either until Natasha told me.” He shook his head, recalling the brief skirmish that he’d had with Gale was the closest that he’d ever come to staring Death in the face. If Natasha and Evan hadn’t come to his aid, he likely would have died. “Guy is tough.”

“He’s an Enforcer for a reason.” Yuri pointed out. “I’m honestly surprised that he left you alive. Gale isn’t one to leave his enemies in one piece.” Liam only shrugged at that comment, not offended. It was true, after all. “He’s also part of the reason why I’m still alive. He’s watched out for me for all these years.”

Liam could only stare at his twin sister like she’d grown an extra head. “…Surely you must be talking about someone else?” he tried weakly.

Yuri laughed—a real laugh. Liam gave a start upon hearing it before grinning, pleased to hear that his sister could still laugh and smile. She wasn’t lost to him yet. “I understand what you mean. But Enforcer or not, Gale is human too. And he is also my friend.”

It was difficult for Liam to comprehend. After all, unlike Yuri, Liam had only ever faced Gale as an enemy—as an Enforcer. Then again, if Yuri hadn’t been his sister, wouldn’t he have seen her the same way, too?

“And Alec?” Liam prompted. “How did you meet him?”

“During Nishka’s subjugation.” Yuri answered, and Liam looked surprised. “Their hometown—Alec and Nicholas, used to be around here.” She gestured at the surroundings. “It was subjugated and set on fire four years ago. Those two are the only survivors. Gale and I helped them out to prevent the Jaeger Unit from discovering them. Though even before I’d met Alec, I was already questioning the Effendi and his orders.” Yuri admitted. 

“Is that why you left?”

“Part of it.” Yuri nodded. “I envied Alec and his freedom when I first met him. We never had the same luxury of making our own choices. And then… Things just went on from there.”

Liam bit his lower lip. “Do… Do you think you’ve made the right decision?” He wanted to know.

✯✯✯ 

“Yuri’s not really as bad as you think.” Nicholas defended Yuri, scowling at Joshua. If the Legion agent don’t stop running his mouth, Nicholas wouldn’t be able to stop Ethan or Hayden from reacting. Already, Nicholas had spied Hayden’s hand slowly inching towards his gun holster. “She never had a choice in anything.”

Joshua scowled, keeping an eye on the others in the room. Clearly, he wasn’t oblivious to their feelings. “If it was really as bad as it seems, why didn’t she just leave?”

“It’s not as easy as you think.” Ethan cut in, scowling fiercely, just one step away from drawing his sword. He’d already had to stop Hayden from flying at Joshua, but now he was wondering if he should have let his friend go. “Do you have any idea just how much courage it took to defy the Effendi and turn traitor? Most of those branded traitors never live beyond the first year.”

“Being in the Effendi’s service is for life.” Hayden added. “Though it’s not like most of us had any choice to begin with.” He added off-handedly. “You cannot leave without being dismissed by them—normally through death.”

“But you both left.” Tracey pointed out hesitantly.

“Because Yuri did.” Ethan said immediately. “We were just following her. Someone need to watch her back. Gale would have left, too. But, well…” He shrugged, trailing off slowly. 

“Prior to her desertion, I think Yuri only stayed on for Gale’s sake. And maybe even for Dominion’s commander.” Alec looked at Joshua. “I’m not trying to deny Yuri’s part in the state of Adaytren now. She won’t, either. But I want you to understand things from her point of view—from theirs.” Alec looked at Ethan and Hayden—an action that everyone in the room followed. “Think about it. If you had been in their shoes, would you have the courage to do the same thing, knowing that instant death awaited you if you did? There is a reason why there are so few rebel groups around now.” Alec shrugged. “But Yuri has always been bull-headed. I saw how dead she became with each time whenever she went on one of those ‘special missions’ assigned to her by the Effendi.”

Ethan and Hayden exchanged startled looks. That’s why Yuri always looked so upset or angry back then? She was getting sent on private missions commissioned by the Effendi? 

Clearly, both the Legion agents and the Undertakers all came to the same conclusion; they were all giving Alec odd looks—like they were seeing him for the first time.

“That explains so much.” Lesley found his tongue. “You’re the reason why Yuri betrayed the Effendi.”

“You make it sound like I forced her.” Alec muttered irritably, and Hayden and Ethan stifled their amusement with Alec’s words. “But yes, I probably planted the idea in Yuri’s head. And trust me on this, anyone who knows Yuri at all will know that you cannot force her to do anything she doesn’t want to.” He remarked.

Chris chuckled, and the mood in the room lightens somewhat as the Legion agents in the room get the implied joke. “Sounds like someone we know.”

Alec looked amused. “I’m guessing you had your hands full with your team leader as well?” The Legion agents had looks of fond exasperation. “I guess those two are more similar than I thought.” The light bounced off the steel blade as he twirled the dagger in his hand. “But my question now to you Legion lot is if your team leader truly doesn’t care about Yuri’s past?” Alec turned sharp eyes from person to person. The Legion agents, especially Joshua, looked uncomfortable—with them all fidgeting in place and resisting the urge to reach for their weapons. “She’s been through enough. And I’m going to be very pissed if Liam Michaelis hurts her.” His voice turned low and threatening.

Joshua cleared his throat uncomfortably. “She’s his sister,” he said. “Liam wouldn’t hurt her—”

Surprisingly, Soma was the one to shake his head. “Blood relations mean nothing in this nation,” he said. After all, he had first-hand experience of it. 

“‘When one loves another, it will also give birth to hatred’.” Alec quoted. “Yuri said that once. And unfortunately, those are words best applied to this nation now. It’s as Soma said—blood relations mean nothing in Adaytren.” Alec shrugged. “People always have a tendency to betray others. It’s a never ending cycle. I know. We’ve been there before.”

The Undertakers flinched as one. Soma looked at Ethan and Hayden, who both looked grim.

“If Adaytren carries on the path that the Effendi is taking us on, there won’t be a nation left to save soon. It’s the beginning of the end.” Joshua looked at Alec, refusing to look away even as Alec returned the gesture with a piercing stare. “I know the underground’s stance on the Effendi. But the Undertakers and Blade… You’re aptly known as ‘rebel groups’ for a reason, even if you have never acted directly against the Effendi himself in the past. But it’s different now, right? Help us to save Adaytren.”

Uneasy silence reigned in the room as those not of the Legion exchanged looks.

“The world cannot be changed by pretty words alone.” Ethan broke the silence. “Besides, would you be able to accept our methods if we agreed to work with you?”

“I think at this point, we might not have a choice.” Tracey said with a sigh, and her teammates nodded. All of them were well aware of their lack of options. “I’ll work with the devil if I have to, to save my country.”

Hayden snorted in reply.

“Does that mean you agree?” Joshua asked hopefully. After all, Liam had been working towards something of that nature for months now—for an alliance with both the Undertakers and Blade. Talk about a twist of fate. 

“We don’t have the power to make that decision.” Ethan raised both hands, and there were nods all around. “Even if we agree, if you can’t convince Yuri to help you, you won’t be able to stop the Effendi. Or Dominion.” He added. 

Though with Liam Michaelis in the equation, there was a good chance that Yuri would agree.

✯✯✯ 

“Whether the choice that we made is right or not—we won’t even know after we’ve made it, right?” Yuri questioned.

Liam was rendered speechless for several moments. He stared at the grass beneath his feet for several moments before turning his attention back to his sister. “You’re right in a way that we won’t know whether the choice that we’ve made is the right one or not until after we’ve made it,” he said at last. “We make mistakes along the way. But after each one, we pick ourselves up and carry on. This is what being human is.”

Yuri looked startled for a moment before she let out a small laugh. “I give up. I can’t figure you out at all,” she said, and Liam smiled. “You remind me of myself. Back when I was an Enforcer.”

Liam frowned. “So… Dominion…” He probed; torn between the desire to know more about Dominion and what Yuri had been through versus not wanting to know more. The words ‘ignorance is bliss’ had some truth. “I’ve heard quite a lot about them.”

Yuri looked vaguely amused. Seriously, how did he become a Squad Leader in Legion? His interrogation skills really needed some brushing up.

“I can only guess at what you’ve heard about them, but Dominion aren’t monsters. They aren’t traitors, and they most definitely aren’t weak.” Yuri said sharply. “Especially the Enforcers.” Liam cringed at the name. “If you somehow found a way to beat an Enforcer, you can bet your ass that they’d find a way to take you with them.” Yuri met Liam’s startled eyes. “Because that is exactly how Hiram Georges taught me to fight. How he taught all of us to fight.”

Yuri raised her left hand above her head, staring at the gaps between her fingers—peering at the stars above her. “Win if you can. Lose if you absolutely have to. But failure is not an option,” she recited what was repeated to her so many times during her service as an Enforcer. “Keep your end goal in sight and do not stray from your path. Finish what you start. And you don’t have to survive to complete a mission if it’s important enough. And if you have to die…” She looked at Liam whose face reflected understanding. “You make damn sure that you aren’t the only one going.” Yuri let out a breath. “I don’t fear Death. It is pointless to me—to us. I’ve seen and been in countless battles. Each one could have meant my death. I gradually stopped fearing Death.” Yuri almost felt sorry for Liam, who looked almost horrified, “And that, Liam, is something you have to accept how those in the Effendi’s service think. All those in the Effendi’s service—particularly the Guard. They would not think anything of throwing their lives away if they thought they could delay us, the Effendi’s enemies, enough for someone else to eliminate us.”

“It’s like he’s some sort of god to them.” Liam muttered, feeling disturbed by his twin’s words.

Yuri looked startled for a moment—like she hadn’t thought along those lines before. She then had a weak smile on her face. “Yeah, I suppose it seems like it,” she said at last. Yuri hesitated for a moment, wondering how to phrase her next thought in a way so that Liam would understand. “The Effendi’s been in power for a long time, Liam. Nearly fifty years or so. The majority of Adaytren has grown up knowing nothing but life under his rule. The Effendi wants a member of their family? He can have them. The Effendi wants a sacrifice to lure out those that defy him? One of them will willingly volunteer.” Yuri looked at Liam who looked stunned. “In a way, you can say that they’ve been effectively brainwashed.” She let out a bitter laugh. “It’s similar to what the candidates of the Child Soldier Program went through—similar to what we went through.” Yuri looked up at the stars above her. “It is just that this time… I’ll be turning my training onto the Royal City itself.” She scuffled the grass beneath her with one foot. “I remember Hiram’s words to me when I was going through training. It is what got me this far. It is how I survived.”

Liam looked up at the sky. “Yeah…” he said at last, not knowing what else to say, recalling what his twin had spoken about Hiram Georges earlier. “That’s some good advice.”

Liam didn’t know what to say. He thought he was prepared for his meeting with his sister. He had imagined it so vividly all those years ago when he was a fresh Legion agent. But the truth couldn’t be any further from those fantasies.

“…I’m going to hug you now.” Liam proclaimed before he took slow steps towards his sister and enveloped her within his arms. Yuri didn’t resist—something that Liam took as a good sign. He was slightly surprised to find that Yuri’s head only came up to just below his chin. “I’m here now. I won’t leave you alone.”

Yuri’s voice was muffled as she buried her face into Liam’s chest. “We only have this one chance, Liam. One chance to turn it all around. There’s no more going back. For any of us.”

“And we won’t waste it.” Liam promised fiercely. “You gave us that chance. Dad. Gale. All those that died. It gave us that opening that we need. We won’t waste it. We’ll turn it around. We’re freeing Adaytren from the Effendi’s rule.” He swallowed a lump in his throat. “This war will end someday.” Liam promised. “I promised a long time ago to end it for you. And I’ll keep my word.”

The stars above were the sole witnesses to that solemn vow—they were harsh and distant above. So near and yet so far. 

Liam only wished that he could separate himself from the grief coiled around his spine.







17

FLAMES OF WAR


“A lie told often enough becomes the truth.” - Vladimir Lenin

✯✯✯ 

The sun’s rays were just peeking over the horizon—dawning the start of a new day.

Yuri sat on the windowsill of the half-opened window, absently watching the sunrise.

It had been a little over a month since the successful mission to rescue Karen. All three groups; the Undertakers, Blade, and Liam’s team, agreed amongst themselves to lay low for awhile. 

Joshua and the rest of Liam’s team had to drag the very reluctant Liam back to Legion headquarters to report in and inform Sage Lieben of their plans for the next few months. Sage had agreed to give the team a sabbatical ever since the fiasco.

Yuri understood Liam’s reasons for wanting to be excused from his duties. He barely wanted to let her out of his sight—like he was afraid that she’d disappear if he did.

For the rest of his team however, their reasons were mostly unknown.

Yuri knew for a fact that Jared and Tracey had been acting as go-betweens for the different groups. It had been a rather tense arrangement—especially when it came to the Legion. So far, the ‘relationship’ only extended as far as sharing information and no further. 

Yuri knew that Alec and the rest of his group had been working on gaining more allies and support amongst the underground, but even she didn’t know where they were holed up. And from her minimal contact with Alec, she knew that Soma had been helping him.

In Yuri’s case, it had taken the combined efforts of Alec, Ethan and Hayden to convince her to take a break from everything.

You haven’t really allowed yourself to rest since we first left the Royal City years ago. Take a break for awhile. Besides, you should probably get to know your brother, Ethan had told her when they had first all gone their separate ways.

A beep from her phone caught Yuri’s attention. She frowned as she read the message.

“Morning.” Liam greeted, walking into the living area while rubbing at his eyes. 

“Want to make a trip to the downtown area of Solaris?” Yuri asked her twin as a manner of greeting, only to receive a confused look. She hand her phone to Liam so he could read the message. “It’s from Gale. He wants to meet.”

✯✯✯ 

Liam found his feet taking him down a very familiar path half an hour later.

“Nostalgic.” Liam commented as he followed Yuri. The latter glanced back at him. “I must have walked this path several times. It’s just that in recent years, I haven’t came by here much.”

“It’s a wonder that I’ve never run into you before then,” was all that Yuri said before they finally came to a stop before Demon’s Den. “He’s in here.” Yuri looked at Liam before stepping in. “The second level.”

The establishment was unsurprisingly quiet, since it was still early in the day. The bartender barely seemed fully functional; just going through the motions of cleaning the countertop.

He did, however, give a small nod to Yuri before turning away. Liam looked at him curiously before following Yuri up the stairs to the second level of Demon’s Den.

The wooden stairs creaked horribly as they walked up. Liam worried for a moment that it might collapse beneath their weight. He was extremely relieved when he had his feet firmly planted on the second level hallway.

“Liam, keep up.” Yuri called from in front, and Liam scurried to catch up.

They walked past four doors before Yuri came to a stop at the room at the end of the hallway. She knocked sharply on the door and pushed it open. The grating sound of the opening door made Liam shudder.

Liam followed his twin into the room, then closed the door behind him firmly.

The room was poorly furnished.

Sat in a chair in the centre of the room was a young man that Liam was extremely familiar with.

Gale nodded politely to Liam as the twins sat down in the chairs across the circular table, opposite him. “…Pleasure,” he said curtly before gray eyes shifted from one to the other. “Hiram was right, after all.”

Liam stiffened with that comment, and Yuri frowned. “Did you know from the start?” she questioned.

Gale shook his head. “Hiram only told me about it after you confronted him,” he admitted. Liam gave his twin a startled look. “I did, however, have my suspicions.” Gale looked at Liam at this point. “Setting aside the fact that you’re the first Legion agent in a long time to give me a really good workout; I did think after that that you reminded me of Yuri—disguise or not.” He added. “Besides, with how integral you had been to the Legion, do you seriously think that the Effendi wouldn’t have known who you are? The Royal City kept detailed dossiers on all our enemies. But I wasn’t able to uncover much on you from the files available. The Effendi restricted the files we have on you. Placed it under S rank access.” He added.

Liam frowned. “Restricted?” he echoed in confusion, looking at Yuri for further explanation.

Yuri furrowed her brows with Gale’s comment about Liam’s files. She nodded. “Even Enforcers like myself and Gale only have security clearance up to A rank,” she explained. “We have the clearance to view most of the files in the database. But if something falls under S rank access, what we can view is extremely limited outside of the name, barest skill explanation and the kind of threat you are. Pictures and any other information will be blotted out.”

Liam was bewildered. Why restrict access to information like that? Unless…the Effendi knew exactly who he was to Yuri? But why not just order a hit? He was barely sixteen when he first started making a splash amongst the Effendi’s forces. It would have been entirely too easy for the Effendi to send his best soldiers after him back then.

“So I figured that the only reason the Effendi would restrict access to information on Liam Michaelis to just himself and Camellia is because there’s something about you that he doesn’t want us knowing.” Gale chewed on his bottom lip, exchanging grim looks with Yuri. 

“If Camellia is involved, no doubt.” Yuri scowled at the mention of her former mentor’s name.

“Well, at least now we understand why your files are restricted.” Gale grunted, studying Liam.

“How are things back at the Royal City?” Yuri changed the subject.

“Chaotic.” Gale admitted. “The Effendi’s real pissed. Jaeger’s all up in arms, as are the Guard. It took me over a month before things calmed down enough for me to venture out of headquarters for a ‘scouting mission’.” Gale bit his bottom lip. “Ezekiel has been more insufferable than normal.”

Yuri scoffed. “Nothing new to be concerned about,” she remarked.

Gale gave out a long suffering sigh. “Don’t you get it, Yuri?” he asked his old partner tiredly. “You broke into the Royal City with a handful of people, saved Karen from the public execution whilst taking out several soldiers of the Guard and Jaeger, then left the Royal City. You did something that we all thought was impossible. The Effendi’s furious.”

Liam rubbed at his temples. “Looks like you’re going to be even further up on his hit list with this stunt,” he told his twin wearily, who scoffed but said nothing. Liam wisely kept his mouth shut. Clearly, the Effendi topic was taboo for Yuri.

“I doubt you have much to be concerned about.” Gale was the one to speak as he addressed Liam directly for the first time. “But the Effendi is furious after the stunt you pulled, Yuri. And you know how he is when he loses his temper.”

Liam groaned. “Which means some innocent town or village is going to bear the brunt of his temper,” he translated for Gale.

Yuri placed her hand over her brother’s wrist; an action that caused Gale’s eyebrows to shoot up. “We both know that things are going to get worse before they get better. We only have one chance to turn it all around, Liam. And we both know that many lives are going to be lost in the process.”

Liam sighed. “Yeah, I know.”

Simultaneous ringing from two of their phones startled all three of them at once. Liam found himself reaching for his gun before relaxing again.

Yuri and Gale exchanged contemplative looks before they answered their respective phones. Gale stood and moved to the far end of the room for a little privacy.

“Hello?” Gale spoke into the receiver.

Hiram Georges’ voice blared through loud and clear—even Liam could hear it from across the room. “Gale, I want you to get your ass back here now!” Hiram barked down the line without so much as a greeting.

Gale frowned, looking across the room at Yuri and Liam. “Sir? I’m—”

“I know that you’re with Yuri.” Hiram cut Gale off before he could so much as come up with an excuse. “It’s not her that I’m concerned with now. Get your ass back here. I need you. It’s the Jaeger Unit.”

Halfway across the room, Yuri frowned as she listened to a frantic Kara. “Kara, calm down and start from the beginning!” Yuri cut Kara off before she could get even more confused. “I can’t understand what you’re trying to tell me! What’s going on?”

“It’s Allerton, Yuri! It’s been attacked and set on fire! By the Jaeger Unit!”

Yuri felt her heart go cold, and her eyes widened. She tightened her hold on her phone.

“…What?”

✯✯✯ 

It was at least an entire day of travel from Solaris to Allerton, even with their fastest car. As such, it was already near dark by the time that Liam and Yuri made it to the outskirts of Allerton.

The others were already assembled, all wearing a mix of solemn and angry expressions on their faces.  Much to Liam’s surprise, he could see several groups of people unfamiliar to him standing with his team.

Alec was holding a map, looking extremely disturbed and pissed; he seemed to be explaining something to those assembled before Liam and Yuri’s arrivals caught his attention.

“Liam! Yuri!” Nicholas sounded relieved when the pair came running up, leaving the car they’d come in parked by the side of the road. “You made it!”

“Sorry for the wait. We came as soon as we could.” Yuri explained, glancing around.

Ethan shook his head. “All of us were scattered on different sides of the nation when we got the call,” he explained. “We just arrived ourselves.”

“What’s the situation?” Liam asked.

A man stepped out from the crowd, and Yuri recognised him as Giles Graham. He looked ruffled, but looked none the worse for wear.

“Two days ago, three squads of soldiers each belonging to the Jaeger Unit as well as the Pursuers came without warning and went through the town.” Giles explained, furrowing his brows. “It’s a subjugation in a way. But one meant to cause as much loss of life and damage as possible.”

“When we caught wind of it from Giles, we went about gathering whatever people we could on such short notice.” Lesley added, glancing at the unfamiliar faces amongst the group. “They’re all here to help. People from the underground.” He added for the benefit of the Legion agents.

One of the unfamiliar faces stepped out. “That won’t be an issue, I hope?” The man demanded, glaring at the Legion agents. 

“Enough.” Yuri cut in before words could be exchanged. As one, every head swivelled towards her direction. The young woman looked both exhausted and angry. “This is no time for petty disputes. Any problems that you had with each other, leave it for later. Our priority is Allerton.” She looked at Alec. “I’m assuming that the Effendi had left orders to leave Allerton for dead?”

“You assume correctly.” Alec said through tightly gritted teeth. “A standard subjugation.”

Liam bit on his lower lip, looking at Allerton—or whatever was left of it. Even from where he stood, he could just make out debris and destroyed chunks of concrete where buildings had once stood, and even billowing smoke.

This must be what had called Gale away to the Royal City so suddenly.

“All right. This is all of us.” Alec said with a sigh. “Let’s get to work.”

There were grim nods from all around. And then, with the Undertakers taking the lead, they walked across the barren ground of Allerton, leading the way into what was left of the town.

✯✯✯ 

On top of a crate serving as a makeshift platform, Alec handed out several different coloured bandanas to the group of volunteers that he’d managed to gather at such short notice; while in his other hand, he held a bullhorn, explaining what the different colours stood for.

Red was for the critical care medics; yellow for those clearing the debris to search for survivors—arguably the ones with the worst job and also which the majority would wear. Green was for those taking any survivors to a safe location, and black was for those who’d be clearing the unlucky ones—the dead.

Back on the ground, Kara briefed the group of critical field medics—explaining the triage procedure whilst also handing out coloured plastic strips for them to mark the patients. Red for emergency and immediate care. Green for non-life threatening injuries. Yellow for light injuries. And black for the dead or for those that they couldn’t save.

Alec stepped back onto the ground as Kara finished her briefing, noticing that there were several grim expressions on the faces of the volunteers—both Legion and the people of the underground; but they were all determined to help. Alec then tied a yellow bandana around his right arm, and passed a few of the bandanas amongst the many to pass onto the rest. 

Most of them took yellow, but Tracey took red, and was quickly told to follow Kara and Karen and the rest of the critical field medics to the makeshift treatment area.

Yuri let out a breath, looking around before nodding to her friends. One by one, they then split up, each taking a different path that would result in them mixing amongst the many volunteers.

Just for this one day and several many to follow, they are just volunteers—people of Adaytren that have shown up to help one of their own through this chaos caused by the monarch of their country.

✯✯✯ 

Alec and Nicholas stepped back, watching as hundreds of people spread about, with just the glow from their flaming torches showing the way, bringing the first of the wounded out of the debris. 

Even Alec was surprised at the sheer number that have answered his call for help when he’d first made the request. Seems like even the people of the underground were tired of being the Effendi’s playthings and continuously living in fear.

The wounded would go to some of the still intact buildings near the south of Allerton that was left relatively untouched when the Effendi’s troops have gone through the town. Leticia who had been one of those that had volunteered to assist with the wounded had opened up Cat’s Eye as one of the makeshift hospitals, with the café also having a reasonable stock of emergency supplies.

The two exchanged grim looks. Then, with their shoulders heavy and with grim determination on their faces, they mixed with the group of volunteers to help out where they could.

✯✯✯ 

Chris trudged through the debris, calling for any survivors under it. 

Hayden came to Chris’ assistance, pulling away heavy concrete that the other volunteers couldn’t lift. He then frowned as he could distinctly hear tiny voices from somewhere, calling for help. Hayden then wasted no time in pulling away pieces of the fallen walls and roof only to find a small family of three children and what must be their mother huddled together.

There were visible bruises on them—most likely caused when the house that they’re in had collapsed, but they’re still alive.

Chris gently coaxed the frightened family out of hiding. The mother was the first to comply; handing over the youngest of the three children; a little girl not much older than three. Between Hayden and Chris, they carried the children out of the collapsed house before carefully helping the mother out.

The three children all but knocked their mother over once she was safely out from under the debris, crying in relief. The mother, with her arms around her children, looked up at Hayden and Chris through a dirty, tearstained face, whispering something before pointing in another direction.

Hayden, with his enhanced senses, caught what the mother was trying to tell them, and immediately took off. A few other volunteers who were nearby came forward to assist Hayden in moving the debris.

After several long moments, Hayden looked up at Chris who was comforting the crying family and shook his head solemnly. Two of the other volunteers emerged from the debris where they had dug the body out from, carrying a middle-aged man gently by the shoulders and feet and laid him on the ground.

The chest was unmoving.

Hayden knelt down by the side of the body and tied a black plastic strip around the wrist.

Chris grimaced and turned away, whispering reassuring words to the crying, frightened children before calling for a nearby volunteer with a green bandana, placing the rescued family in his care.

Chris got to his feet shakily; even his years spent as a Legion agent hadn’t prepared him for such sights. He met Hayden’s eyes, who nodded to him grimly. Together, they moved forward in search of more survivors.

✯✯✯ 

Joshua was hollering for help as he tried to resuscitate a man, using whatever methods he remembered, ignoring the other volunteers around him trying to tell him that the man was gone—that they couldn’t save him.

At least, not until Joshua felt a punch in the side of his cheek, and he was sent sprawling to the ground.

Joshua looked up, blinking stars out of his eyes and nursing his bruised cheek only to see a grim-looking Yuri standing over him, looking as dishevelled and dirty as he did, her left hand clenched into a fist.

“Get a hold of yourself,” she said harshly. “Save those that you still can save. That’s your role here.”

“She’s right, Joshua.” Jared interrupted, crouching next to the body and tying a black plastic strip around the wrist. “Keep your head on straight. There are people who still need our help.”

Joshua glared at his knees, not looking up at either Yuri or Jared, knowing that they were both right. “…It’s not fair,” he admitted.

“Life never is.” Yuri responded harshly, yanking Joshua’s arm and forcing him to his feet. “All that we can do is to roll with it.”

✯✯✯ 

This man is still alive, Ethan realised as the body of a man was handed to him. He’d assumed that the man was dead until he heard the faint sounds of harsh breathing. The man was barely alive, but he was still alive. And that was all that mattered.

Ethan called out to a couple of volunteers wearing red bandannas. They were quick to answer, carrying a makeshift stretcher between them, lifting the man carefully but quickly into the stretcher. 

Ethan got to his feet and watched the man being carried off. For the first time in his life, he prayed. He prayed that the man survived. Then he turned away to search for more survivors.

Mew.

Ethan stood dead in his tracks. His head swivelled around, but he saw no sight of a cat. Ethan frowned, straining his ears in the hopes of hearing the faint cry once more.

Mew.

Ethan traced the source of the faint cry to what must be once a house. Shifting aside the debris and large chunks of concrete that blocked his way, Ethan ducked under the wooden doorframe.

And then, in a corner, he spotted a tiny white kitten that had its tail curled around its body. It mewed piteously at Ethan, who frowned and looked around in the half-light.

The white kitten no doubt belonged to someone. And it certainly did; to a woman that didn’t survive the onslaught. Ethan’s eyes closed with grief before he picked up the crying kitten and walked back out of the apartment, calling to a volunteer sporting a black bandanna to take care of the dead woman in the apartment.

The kitten in Ethan’s arms mewed again.

Ethan hadn’t walked very far, intent on handing the crying feline over to someone else to deal with, when he noticed a young boy maybe not much older than seven or eight with blue eyes and red hair standing next to a volunteer with a red bandanna. The boy’s eyes were red-rimmed even as he looked up and met with Ethan’s eyes.

Several long moments of silence passed between them before the kitten in Ethan’s arms let out another cry, batting at Ethan’s arm with its tiny white paw. That movement and sound caught the little boy’s attention, and his eyes fell to the little kitten nestled in the crook of Ethan’s arm.

Giving out a small smile, Ethan moved forward and handed the kitten to the boy. The boy held out both hands to accept the small feline with a smile, holding the kitten close to his chest and rubbing his face into its soft fur as the kitten purred in response.

Ethan felt the burden on his heart lessen upon seeing that the two individuals in front of him had found another home—another hope—in each other.

✯✯✯ 

Soma lifted a man from under a partially collapsed building and helped him onto the stretcher.

Volunteers with red bandannas were trying to examine him. But the man was livid and resisting their attempts to strap him into the stretcher; shouting something about missing his Lena. Assuming that it was either his wife or daughter whom he was shouting about, Soma looked about even as the other volunteers tried to calm the man down.

There wasn’t anyone else in the partially collapsed building. It seemed to be no avail until another volunteer wearing a yellow bandanna came forwards, carrying a little girl in his arms.

The man almost sobbed tears of relief, and tried to get up from the stretcher to get to the child, but the volunteers with red bandannas pushed him back down again, with one of them already fixing an IV line to his arm—part of the medical supplies that the volunteers from Solaris and the Legion have brought with them.

Soma felt a sense of relief even as he watched the man being carried away in the stretcher, with the volunteer carrying the child following them. 

✯✯✯ 

Liam huffed even as he struggled to pull away a large beam. He was relieved when he heard the shouts of other volunteers, and he soon had about three others assisting him to pull away the large and heavy beam.

The beam landed with a heavy crash not far away, throwing up dust everywhere even as he fell to his feet by the side of the woman who had been pinned beneath the beam, also holding a small child in her arms.

One of the other volunteers gently pried the child from the woman’s arms whilst another volunteer with a red bandanna was examining the mother carefully to ensure if it’s all right for them to move her. The mother was wide eyed, ignoring the volunteers around her momentarily; only with eyes for her child, wondering why the small toddler wasn’t fussing or crying at all.

Liam looked towards the volunteer who is holding the child. The small boy’s eyes were closed, and his face was dirty; being smeared by both blood and dirt. Crusted blood was also visible below his nostrils.

The volunteer pressed two fingers against the child’s neck and then again below his nostrils before he grimaced, looking towards Liam and shaking his head. Liam’s eyes widened with shock even as he watched the woman being carried away on a stretcher by the other volunteers. She was calling out for her child; but one of the other volunteers whispered something to her.

The woman stared with wide eyes as she watched the body of her son being turned over to a man with a black bandanna tied around his right arm.

Liam looked away, blinking back angry tears. His vision blurred, and he rubbed at the tears. 

“It’s not fair,” he whispered angrily.

A nearby volunteer—the man who had almost lashed out at the Legion agents earlier in the day heard him. He gave Liam an odd look.

“Life never is,” he responded before pushing past Liam in search for more survivors.

✯✯✯ 

Dawn was just breaking as another group of volunteers arrived at Allerton with supplies to further help with the rescue efforts.

The messenger sent to tell the volunteers that help had finally arrived found Hayden still in the middle of what had originally been northern Allerton.

Hayden’s heart clenched as he looked around him at the husk of Allerton. His inhumane strength had been a great help to the rescue efforts, but now, with time to himself, the reality of the situation sank into Hayden’s mind.

Jaeger.

Hayden sank down onto a nearby slab of debris that had probably once been part of someone’s wall. He placed a hand to his forehead as the reality of the situation hit him full force.

“I’ll have to face my demons soon enough.” He swallowed a lump in his throat as he wiped a hand down his face. A distinct memory from a time far in the past flashed through his head—of a small boy standing in front of a beautiful woman with blonde hair and cold teal eyes. “…Right, Commander?”

✯✯✯ 

Most of the emergency patients that were originally moved to Cat’s Eye had been using the downstairs as a makeshift hospital, whereas the upstairs area had been kept as a place for volunteers to rest. Thus, Leticia had kindly opened up the café to allow Liam’s team along with the Undertakers and Blade to rest.

There weren’t enough beds for everyone; but everyone was so exhausted from the rescue efforts that they’d gladly collapse on the floor if they just got to rest.

Liam was amongst the last to get the message about the backup volunteers. When he reached Cat’s Eye, Jared and Joshua were already collapsed in the couches in one of the rooms. Chris was already snoozing, leaning against the couch that Jared occupied. Tracey, despite her exhaustion, was laying blankets and quilts over her teammates.

As though reading his mind, Ethan approached Liam, handing him a mug containing some black coffee. “You should go and check on Yuri,” he told Liam. “She won’t say anything, but I’m sure that she’ll be beating herself up over it.” 

Liam took a sip of coffee. He grimaced at the bitter taste; but it was what he needed to wake himself up. “It’s not your fault that Allerton was attacked.” Liam said; something on Ethan’s face just made him feel as if he should say something.

Ethan looked surprised for a moment before his shoulders slumped. “Maybe.” He said at last. “Go to Yuri.” He said again, and Liam looked at Ethan questioningly. “Yuri wouldn’t listen to me.” Ethan’s expression turned bitter. “She never did.” Liam nodded slowly before he opened the door of Cat’s Eye. “You know where she is?” Ethan called out to Liam.

“I got an idea.”

✯✯✯ 

“I’m serious. I have never seen Hiram this pissed before.” Gale drawled down the phone as Yuri sat on the ground overlooking the river. “He was literally screaming at Camellia when I returned. Though by the time we’d learned about Allerton, it had already happened.”

“So that’s why you were recalled to the Royal City so suddenly.” Yuri realised. On the other end of the line, Gale sighed. “What are the Effendi’s plans about Allerton?”

“Nothing!” Gale sounded frustrated. “Well, it’s the same story as all previous subjugations. He’s forbidden Dominion and anyone from lending Allerton aid.” Yuri could almost see Gale rolling his eyes. “Though it didn’t really stop Solaris from rallying together and sending help.” Yuri had a feeling that that was the ‘official’ story that Gale had spread around so as to prevent the Effendi and Jaeger from realising that Yuri, Ethan and Hayden were back in Allerton to lend them a hand. 

“…I’ll take care of things over here.” Yuri said at last.

“You be careful now.” Gale sounded solemn. “Get out of Allerton as soon as you can, Yuri. There’s only so much I can do in order to delay the Effendi and his forces.”

“I’ll be careful.” Yuri promised before hanging up. 

She looked over at the river and the continuously flowing river currents. She had been awake for well over a day by now, and had assisted non-stop with the rescue efforts. So why did Yuri feel like she could go another full day without stopping for breath?

“We can’t ignore this anymore.” Yuri murmured. You can’t continue pretending that none of this is your concern, Gale. By the time you decide to do something about it, it might already be too late. “And maybe it’s high time I take my own advice.”

There was the sound of grass being flattened beneath feet just then; and by instinct alone, Yuri’s left hand immediately reached for her dagger even as she turned sharply only to stiffen before her shoulders gradually relaxed.

“Hey.” Liam gave Yuri a small smile as he approached and sat down beside her. 

The two sat in silence for several moments after that; yet, it isn’t uncomfortable in the least. This is one thing that Yuri had always appreciated about Liam. He never pushes her to talk. Even Ethan, Hayden, Karen and Leticia all had at some point pushed Yuri to talk to them about what had happened between her and Gale; or even between her and the Effendi.

“We came to this town right after we left the Royal City.” Yuri said at last. She stared at the grass just in front of her. A strong wind blew through, chilling her, and she tightened her jacket around her body. “Myself. Ethan. Hayden. Leticia. And Karen. The townspeople accepted us right from the beginning. I think maybe even a few of them suspected who we were. But they never said anything. And in the end, look what happened.”

“It’s not your fault, and you know it.” Liam said immediately.

Yuri shrugged. “In a way, it is,” she admitted. “Allerton was only targeted because of us. The Effendi is sending us a message—a challenge. We knew that our location had been compromised. That’s why we wasted no time in leaving town after Karen was rescued. I didn’t think that Allerton would be attacked even without us here.”

“I’m saying this for the last time; it’s no fault of anyone in your group!” Liam said angrily; and Yuri wondered if Liam already had this conversation with Ethan or Hayden. “The Effendi gave that order. He would have made that same order sooner or later anyway. You know that.” Liam sighed, looking over his shoulder at what he could see of Allerton. “I didn’t believe Joshua when he told me this. Jaeger… They’re a terrifying unit.” He muttered; his voice quavering.

Yuri drew several circles in the ground beside her with her finger. “Destroying a small town like this in a matter of minutes is child’s play for them. It’s a miracle there are even survivors.” Yuri rubbed at her eyes with her left hand. “Gale has said it once before. The appearances of Jaeger or the Pursuers or even Dominion… It serves as a huge psychological impact to the citizens.” She shook her head. “Alec is going to have a lot to do to stop the underground from flying off the handle.” Liam looked puzzled. “Even for the people of the underground, there are lines that we wouldn’t cross. A honour code, you can say. The Guard has lost that, apparently.” A stifled scoff from Liam spoke tales of his impression of the Effendi’s Guard. Yuri wrapped her arms around her knees. “The people of the underground… Not even we would do this.” She murmured into her knees. “Even the most hardened criminal that I know of would never stoop to this level. It’s a sacred rule amongst us. Children are off limits. Anyone who breaks that rule will be hunted down and eliminated in a dark alley somewhere.”

Liam recalled his first meeting with Alec in that tiny town all those months ago when they’d chanced upon that young mother killing her own children so she didn’t have to see them end up in the Effendi’s clutches.

“I don’t know whether to praise her for ending her children’s lives, or to condemn her for ending it.”

Liam rubbed at his eyes wearily. “What is all this for in the end?” he murmured, resting his chin on his knees as he drew his legs up to his chest. “All the deaths. The carnage… Is this really war?”

“I suppose so.” Yuri gave a minute nod of her head. “In a way, this war had already begun a long time ago. The Effendi… He’s crossed the line.” Her voice trembled with rage. “Just to get to us, he’s killed so many people. People who have nothing to do with us! How many? How many more must die before this war will end?”

“So it’s begun then.” Liam murmured, and Yuri nodded.







18

LIEST


“Perhaps we should love what we cannot understand.” - Albert Camus

✯✯✯ 

“Thank you for your business!”

Liam moved away from the steps of the tiny apartment that he’d just delivered a package to and headed towards the road where his twin sister waited on her bike, tapping a message into her phone. Yuri looked up as Liam approached and managed a small smile.

“Done?” she enquired, and Liam nodded.

It had been nearly four months since the situation at Allerton. Bit by bit, the people of Allerton had gradually begun piecing their life back together. Legion had called for a temporary cease-fire, and they and the underground had worked together to help Allerton to rebuild. Those that don’t wish to remain in Allerton were assisted with their move to a different town.

But this latest attack on Allerton had all of Adaytren—particularly the underground gangs — infuriated. Many from Solaris were amongst those that answered Yuri and Alec’s calls for help, and had seen for themselves, first-hand, the carnage sustained when Jaeger and the Pursuers went through Allerton for nothing apart from to send a message.

Legion wasn’t too impressed either.

Yuri was certain that if a call was ever sent to raid the Royal City and the Effendi, all of Solaris would answer it; including the Legion.

There were subjugations carried out in the past, sure. But the damage sustained isn’t as bad; and most of those in Adaytren never even learned of it until maybe days or months later. But with Allerton, it is different from the past subjugations that were carried out.

It is a ‘subjugation’ meant to create as much damage and loss of life as possible.

And at this point, everyone had quite enough.

After assisting with Allerton, Yuri and Alec reached out to their underground contacts; secretly rallying them together, and also taking the opportunity to gather as many weapons and as much ammunition as possible.

They could no longer pretend that the situation in Adaytren and the Effendi had nothing to do with them.

And thus, all of them scattered all across Adaytren to either gather allies, weapons or keep close to any information coming out of the Royal City.

Yuri knew that the Undertakers had stuck together; moving from one town to the next to avoid getting found. But she trusted Alec. Most likely, the leader of the Undertakers was trying to locate the few rebel groups that had gone into hiding since Jaeger and Dominion started cracking down on them.

As for the rest of her closest group, Ethan and Hayden, Karen and Leticia, and Giles had all been helping the underground network as well. And Soma, from what Yuri had heard from Alec, had been assisting Cesar.

Yuri and Liam, meanwhile, had retreated to Alsace; a tiny town located somewhere to the east of Solaris. Both of them had been laying low whilst still gathering information and keeping an ear out for things.

They’ve also taken on a sideline job temporarily as part of their cover by operating a delivery business. Cesar and a few of their contacts in Solaris have taken full use of it by having Yuri and Liam deliver medicine or even items of interest to their clients located in the areas and towns around and near Solaris, though both twins were careful to keep themselves out of any direct conflict.

“Let’s head to Solaris, then. There’s something I need to do there.”

Liam nodded in response, getting onto his own bike. Two bike engines revved into action, and they were soon on the road leading towards Solaris.

Liam, followed behind Yuri’s bike and kept his eyes on his sister’s back; his mind playing back what Ethan had told him just before all of them scattered across Adaytren.

“What happened to her? I get these really strange vibes from Yuri whenever I try to ask her about the past. She’s never lied to me, but somehow I get the feeling that Yuri never spoke the complete truth either.” Liam admitted one night to Ethan. “She just simply…danced around the topic.”

Ethan remained silent for a long time. “Lies and deceit have long been part of how we operate,” he said at last, lifting his head to look at Liam. “It’s become second nature to us by now. To lie. To deceive. Yuri probably didn’t want to lie to you. That’s most probably why she never said anything. Even I don’t know everything that’s happened to her—Yuri never talks about it.” Ethan admitted. “I think only Gale knows the full story. He’s been with her longer than Hayden and I. And if it makes you feel better, you’re probably the only person in the world whom Yuri has never lied to.”

Liam trained his eyes on Yuri’s back as the scenery flashed past them.

Ethan had a grim smile on his face, amusement visible in his eyes. “Back during my training days, even those amongst the Guard were scared shitless of her. She earned her reputation as the Black Fang, Liam.” Ethan reminded Liam. “So did Gale. He earned his reputation and title as the Death Reaper. Those two are easily some of the best amongst the Effendi’s forces. Only mad men and fools cross them.”

Liam hesitated. “…The Death Reaper,” he murmured. “I had encounters with him in the past. I barely walked away alive. So I know just how strong he is. But Yuri…” 

“Yuri was already the way she is long before I met her.” Ethan admitted. “But I do know that Ezekiel did things to Yuri. Things that she wouldn’t say. And knowing that crazy scientist, it can’t be anything good.” He scowled deeply. “I don’t like Gale. I didn’t like what he is doing to Yuri. But…” Ethan’s shoulders slumped. “In a way, he is doing what he could to protect Yuri.” He added grudgingly.

Liam stared at Ethan for a long time. “You know, I’ve been wondering something for a long time,” he said. “Is Gale…?” He trailed off slowly. “You know, is he…?”

Ethan looked over at Liam with a deadpanned expression. “Is he her lover, you mean?” he questioned coolly, and Liam nodded. Ethan shrugged. “Who knows? I never really asked. And those two never said anything. Maybe before we left, there was something between them. None of us really asked them about it. I seriously doubt that Yuri wants me to poke my nose into her private affairs anyway.”

Yuri drew to a stop in front of an extremely familiar establishment, and Liam pulled up his bike behind her. The older of the two blinked as he removed his helmet to take a better look at the dilapidated building.

“Demon’s Den?” Liam echoed, turning to face his twin as both dismounted.

As the pair entered, the bartender only gave Yuri a brief nod, though his gaze hovered over Liam for a brief moment before he retreated to the back. Surprisingly, apart from the bartender, the inside was empty.

“I hid something here, long ago.” Yuri told Liam as she led the way up the creaking staircase to the second level. Liam followed Yuri down the second floor hallway before stopping at the end and entering the room.

“What did you hide?” Liam asked curiously as he closed the door behind them. He watched carefully as she dropped to her knees, pushing back the worn wooden table and chairs in the middle of the room. She then worked at one of the floorboards; loosening it enough to pry it free from the floor. 

Yuri looked up at her brother, who was leaning against the door, watching her curiously. “Years ago, even before I’d left the Royal City and the Effendi’s service, I’d already been gathering information on them and the Royal City as a whole.” Yuri explained. She then reached down into the gap and lifted a thick leather-bound file and placed it onto the ground beside her. “This is the information that I’d gathered throughout the years—before and after I’d left the Effendi’s service. Giles—or Orion—had been assisting me since I’d helped to fake his death.” Yuri returned the lone board back to its place and opened the file. Liam came forward and sat down on his knees next to his sister. “Photos, floorplans and blueprints that I’ve asked Alec to hand to the Legion if something happens.” 

Liam was only half listening as Yuri flipped through the pages. He saw various handwritten notes next to the blueprints and maps. A few of the pages even had photos clipped to it that he recognised as important government buildings. 

“Detailed plans of every single notable building in Adaytren—especially those in the Royal City. Even floor plans for the prison facilities.” Yuri flipped past several pages before stopping at a page marked with red tabs. There were several candid photos of some guy that Liam found vaguely familiar. “Lists, notes and information of the crime lords and the Effendi’s staunch supporters; their identities, who they are, their families if they have any; what they’ve done for the Effendi and even their known locations.” Several pages were turned again, though this time, the pages were marked with green tabs. “Names and ranks of the most dangerous soldiers in the Effendi’s service.” 

Liam recognised a few of the names on the opened page; notable names that were on the Legion’s hit list or on their ‘Avoid at All Costs’ list. Yuri looked at Liam as he finally tore his eyes away from the file at last, his eyes wide with shock. 

How long had it taken Yuri to gather all this information? Hell, even with the number of years, if not decades, that the Legion had spent trying to gather information on the Effendi and his supporters, not even they had managed to gather this much. And yet, Yuri managed to gather all these information in as little as five years?

“Information that can really help the Legion in their fight against the Effendi if something…happens to me.” Yuri closed the folder with a light snap, binding it again with the worn leather strap. “Lists, notes and information that I’ve been gathering for years with assistance from Ethan, Hayden, Karen, Leticia and Orion…and even from a madam of a brothel whom I’m acquainted with in Solaris. It’s only recently that Alec and the Undertakers were added to that list.” Yuri looked at Liam with a grim smile. “Information that I know the Effendi wouldn’t want lying around, and which would also put Alec in danger if the Effendi ever found out that the Undertakers have their hands on it.”

Liam opened and closed his mouth like a fish several times without speaking. “You’d be hunted down to the ends of the earth if anyone ever found out you had this.” Liam almost can’t recognise his voice when he spoke, tapping his index finger onto the folder. 

He then recalled what Yuri had mentioned earlier—that she had been gathering the information even before she’d left the Effendi’s service. Had she been planning to betray him even back then? Her deserting the Effendi’s service wasn’t a spur of the moment decision?

“I was already planning to leave Dominion and the Effendi’s service even before we’d taken out Ivar Antonov and his slavery business.” Yuri answered. “The question is written all over your face.” She deadpanned. “Don’t ever become a spy, Liam. You’ll get busted easily. You just can’t lie to save your life.” She looked back down at the folder in front of them. “Lieben… He didn’t know that I’d been gathering this information. Back then, I already knew that I was unable to fully trust him. I just wasn’t aware back then how far he was willing to go as Legion’s commander.” She shook her head as Liam scowled. “But in the end, he’s doing all that he can to end this war against the Effendi. If you think of it that way, Liam, you can understand why he’s done the things he has.”

Liam scowled fiercely. “He still had no right keeping information about you from me,” he argued. Even after months, Liam was still pissed. He brought the topic back to the folder. “So… Ethan and Hayden… Even Karen and Leticia and Orion and Alec… They’ve been helping you all this time? To gather all these?” He asked, gesturing towards the folder. 

“To be fair, they only started helping after we left the Royal City.” Yuri corrected. “And… Gale helped as well.”

“Dominion…” Liam murmured, and Yuri nodded. “I don’t think that I’ve ever asked this. But the commander—Lieben—he mentioned once that the commander of Dominion was the one that trained you and…Gale? And even Ethan and Hayden?” He prompted, and Yuri nodded. “What kind of person is he?” Liam wondered. “There were more than a few rumours flying around about him in Adaytren.”

“Yeah, I can imagine. I heard more than a few myself.” Yuri gave a small smile. “But Hiram is not really a bad man. He turned me into what I am today, yes. But in a way, he saved me—us—as well.” Yuri paused, pretending to be busy securing the floorboards. “And honestly, between the Effendi’s Guard and Dominion, Dominion is the lesser of two evils.” Yuri appreciate Liam remaining quiet to let her speak. “And if it hadn’t been for Hiram, I wouldn’t have survived beyond my tenth birthday. He took me in. He taught me most of what I knew. I gained a family in Dominion. At least until everything unravelled.” She sighed. “And you know what happened after that.”

Liam growled. “He destroyed your life—”

“That’s not true, Liam.” Yuri shook her head immediately. “Hiram merely gave me the tools that I need to survive. I made my choice. I knew what would happen.”

Liam gave out a long loud sigh, wiping a hand down his face. “This is so fucked up,” he admitted. “Makes me wonder what would happen if the Effendi hadn’t taken you away. Would I even still be in Legion if you hadn’t been taken by him?”

“No, I think you’d still be in Legion either way.” Yuri answered at once. Liam looked at his twin curiously, and she managed a small, rare smile – the sort that reached her eyes. “You can’t leave people suffering—not if you knew you could do something to help.”

“You’re the same too.” Liam said quietly. “Didn’t you leave the Royal City because you’d had enough?”

“Maybe,” Yuri said at last. Liam tensed as Yuri’s watch beeped. She shut it off and reached into her pouch, drawing out a needle filled with golden liquid, and jabbed the needle into her left forearm. Liam could just see the remnants of some pale needle scars visible on the skin. “When I was a kid, Ezekiel did something to me—I got sick.” Yuri pulled the needle out of her arm and tugged her coat sleeve over it. “If I don’t take medication every twelve hours, I’ll die.” She eyed her brother as she placed the used needle back within her pouch. Liam didn’t look that surprised or curious. “Did Ethan tell you about it?”

“Before we went our separate ways again, yes.” Liam nodded. “He thought that I should know in case something happens.”

Yuri looked away. “…You sought the truth.” Yuri got to her feet gingerly, with her legs having gone to sleep beneath her due to how long they’ve been in here. Next to her, Liam did the same. “I sought time.” She clutched the leather file close to her chest as she turned to face Liam. “My price is a little higher.” She bit on her lower lip. “Let’s go.”

✯✯✯ 

“That’s enough out of you!”

Liam and Yuri turned from where they were currently picking out some fruits at a fruit peddler’s in Alsace, nearly a week after making the trip to Solaris. 

Liam wondered what was going on even as Yuri frowned and walked towards the direction of the commotion. The few people milling around were whispering amongst themselves, but made no move to interfere.

They were like damned sheep, Liam had realised one day; only following the crowd and obeying and believing what the leader of their nation said—never knowing any other way to live.

Liam finally managed to push through the crowd to his twin, who was standing near the fore of the crowd with a grim face. Liam soon saw why, when he realised that the entire commotion centred on an old lady facing two provincial soldiers stationed in the town by the Guard. An upset grocery paper bag lay at their feet, the few items within it spilling out onto the ground.

“You are the one to bump into us, woman!” One of the soldiers grunted. Judging by the flush of red on his face and how he barely seems to be steady on his feet, Liam can only assume that the soldiers have drunk the local bar out of liquor again. “What are you going to do to repay us?”

“I should be the one demanding reparations, young man!” The old woman—and here, Liam must really give the old woman props for standing up to soldiers from the Guard. “These are all the food that I had for the week!” 

Yuri’s eyes trailed down to the upset grocery bag at the old woman’s feet. The few foodstuff that were spilling out seems to be just an apple, a pear and even some food tin cans—which the old woman must have gotten at half price at best. Gaia knows that procuring goods in Adaytren these days is a task in itself, especially with winter just around the corner. Everyone is hoarding all the foodstuff that they can get to hole themselves up for winter.

“Huuuuuh?” The other soldier that is a good two heads taller than the old woman leaned down into the old woman’s face. Both Liam and Yuri’s eyes flashed dangerously with this sight. “You telling us what to do?” 

“How awful…” Yuri heard the whispers around her from the townspeople in Alsace. “It’s the third time this week.”

“Alan got his hunting rifle confiscated by them last week, I heard. Something about not being able to pay his tax.”

“With how much it is rising in recent years? Who could pay it?”

“What’s going to happen to this country?”

Yuri scowled. Is no one going to step up to help someone from their goddamned town?

“Is this really what the soldiers of Adaytren have been reduced to now?” The old woman cried shrilly, an angry flush of red slowly creeping up her neck and face. “By becoming bullies and tyrants? Will you and the Effendi be satisfied only when you’ve killed every single person in the country?”

There was a sudden hush around the marketplace just then, and Liam and Yuri exchanged worried looks; with the latter tugging onto the hood of her jacket so that it covers her head and face. 

“Did you just insult our lord?” One of the soldiers hissed, one hand inching towards his side.

Yuri took a step forwards, but her brother held her back. “Don’t!” Liam whispered into her ear. “They’ll recognise you in a heartbeat.” Yuri scowled at her brother, gesturing towards the old woman and the two soldiers with her eyes. She understood what her brother was getting at, but if they didn’t do something, the old woman would likely get beaten to death right in front of them. “I’ll go. I’m not as well known as you.”

And before Yuri could do or say anything to stop Liam, he was off—walking briskly towards the old woman and the two soldiers.

“Stop.” Liam ordered coolly. His silver-blue eyes were cold and unforgiving, and his face was unsmiling as he moved between the old woman and the two soldiers. “Have you lost whatever sense you had?”

“Huuuuh?” The first soldier glared at Liam. “What are you—her grandson or something? You trying to play hero?”

“If half of the Guard comprises of cowards like you, then I suppose I am.” Liam retorted. A sudden hush fell over the crowd.

Yuri really has to hand it to her twin; he truly does have some balls of steel.

“What are you going to do about it?” The second soldier sneered.

Liam raised a brow. “You know something? The Effendi might have cowed the entire nation into being silent, obedient little sheep who are terrified into keeping silent whenever they see something that shouldn’t happen. But he had also made the entire nation furious.” His voice was cold and low. More than a few of the townspeople looked at each other uneasily. “So here you two are—simple provincial soldiers; only two of you in an entire marketplace of people. Get the people here more riled than they already are, and I can’t guarantee that you’d be able to leave Alsace in one piece.”

“Damn it.” The second soldier – sober enough to still gather his thoughts – began moving away from Liam, dragging his partner with him by the arm.

“That’s better.” Liam called after the two even as they moved past the crowd, which parted ways for the soldiers to pass before the two then disappeared from sight. Finally, he turned to face the bewildered looking old woman. “Are you all right?” The old woman nodded. “You might want to be careful next time.” Liam murmured, picking up the spilled grocery bag and the foodstuff. “I applaud you for having the guts to stand up to them, but be mindful of where you are when doing so. Most people these days would gladly see someone beaten half to death or even killed as long as it isn’t them.” Liam looked around scornfully, and the townspeople all avoided his gaze as they dispersed.

“You don’t see many civilians having the guts to stand up to someone from the Guard though.” Yuri approached, still with her hood concealing her face. “Good thing that it didn’t break out into a scuffle. That’s attention we neither need nor want.”

“Tell me about it.”

“Are you both free?” The old woman finally seemed to have found her tongue. “Let me have the chance to thank you properly.”

✯✯✯ 

The old woman, who had introduced herself as Annie, led them both back to her house, located just one street down from where both Liam and Yuri had their temporary residence. 

It is a bare looking one room apartment with just the barest essentials. Even the worn looking rug on the floor that Liam and Yuri found themselves seated on seemed to have seen better days—as so many different coloured patches covered various parts of it that it is obvious at first glance that it had been well-used and loved.

“I’m sorry. I don’t have much in terms of drinks.” The old lady apologised even as she brought out two worn looking mugs that contained some peppermint tea. “This is all that I have.”

“Don’t worry about it.” Yuri reassured, picking up the mug and sniffing at the contents lightly—making sure that her actions aren’t that obvious to the old woman. Her enhanced senses allows her to detect poison in food and drinks just by smell alone—in much the same way as Hayden and Ethan.

Yuri nodded slightly to Liam, who was watching her, wordlessly informing him that the drinks are clean without any drugs or poison. Both twins took a sip. Yuri was however pleasantly surprised at how it immediately warmed her. 

“Are you two siblings?” Both looked at Annie again at her question. She smiled. “Twins perhaps?” She pondered, looking from one to the other. “You look a lot alike.”

Yuri let out a huff of light laughter. “Yeah, we get that a lot,” she mused. Next to her, Liam must have been thinking along the same lines, as he had a bittersweet smile on his face. 

The small television set in a corner turning itself on caught the attention of all three. Just like everything in the apartment, the television set must have been decades old—probably well even before the Effendi’s rise to power.

The sound is bad and full of interference—like the type that one hears with bad radio reception. 

Annie sighed. “I’m so sorry. The television is old and tends to turns itself on at random times,” she apologised, but she made no move to switch it off.

The moving images on the small screen became clear enough to all three in the apartment just then as the television static cleared enough for them to identify the people currently visible on the screen.

“…The Effendi…” Yuri murmured, watching the man on the tiny screen and his cold smile as he gave a speech from where Yuri recognised as the palace balcony. She also recognised Camellia standing behind the Effendi even as he gave his speech—teal eyes cold. 

Beside Yuri, Liam silently watched the image on the screen, a muscle in his cheek twitching as he felt a white-hot flame of anger surge in him, and he tried to choke it back down again. 

Annie’s sighing caught their attention, and they were broken out of their internal thoughts. The old woman was watching the moving images on the small television screen solemnly.

“It’s been more than fifty years since he came to power,” she mused. “How time flies. I didn’t think that someone from the original royal family of Adaytren would reappear in my lifetime. Honestly, I wasn’t even sure that there were any survivors from the Liest family; no one in Adaytren had seen anyone from that family since the nation became a democracy.”

Yuri frowned to herself, not letting her confusion show on her face. ‘Liest?’

“You know the royal family?” Liam was surprised.

“Not personally, of course.” Annie had a fond, nostalgic smile on her face. “But my generation went into depth about Adaytren’s history in school when we were children, so we know how our nation became a democracy to begin with. We kept meticulous records of our past back then.” The old woman added. “And of course, we know about our royal family.” Annie smiled sadly as she gestured towards the Effendi on the television screen. “You can’t really see it properly; but the Effendi has unique crimson eyes.” Liam’s own eyes widened when he remembered the unusual colour of Soma’s eyes, and how Yuri had mentioned once that Soma was so much the spitting image of the Effendi that he would normally wear a mask or a scarf covering his face. “Only the descendants of the Liest family—Adaytren royalty have eyes that colour. It is a trait only unique to them. The last king of Adaytren—the Hero Prince—he definitely had them as well. The Effendi… He looks a lot like his ancestor—Adaytren’s saviour.” Annie murmured. She looked at both Liam and Yuri. “How much do you both know about Adaytren’s history?”

“Not a lot.” Liam shrugged. “Much of Adaytren’s true history had been destroyed by the time we were born. The Effendi has been in power for years.”

With the chaos that the country had been embroiled in for years, Liam was certain that the people had better things to worry about than their history records.

“Adaytren had a long and bloody history—especially back during the time of the Dark Age.” Annie smiled wistfully, curling the fingers of both hands together. Yuri’s fingers twitched slightly on her knees—she recalled this bit of history from her lessons with Hiram and even Marcus as a child. The Dark Age—the civil war era from over two centuries ago. “Back then, nations were at war most of the time. Adaytren is no different. Whether it be internal fighting amongst the lords and nobles of the country; or whether it be battles and wars against other nations plotting to overtake the country; Adaytren has seen never-ending battles for years. It was the time of the Dark Age—a time of war and battles. Even children at that time were forced to take up arms and learn the skill of battle and war to survive. It is a time where blood never stops flowing.” Annie smiled sadly at the twins. “Even the discord and situation within Adaytren now can’t compare to the time back then.”

Liam grimaced as he tried to imagine a situation worst than the one in Adaytren, but found himself unable to. Yuri however could comprehend it quite well. Unlike Liam, she has seen the worst of mankind, and knew the lengths that one would go to for power and money.

“So at some point, the neighbouring countries and their ruling families all got sick of war.” Liam and Yuri were spellbound—listening to Annie tell the history of their country and the world. “And after years, if not decades of war, I’m honestly not that surprised. One of our neighbours, Algade was the first one to propose a peace treaty and for us to throw down our weapons. Back then, Algade was one of the most powerful, if not the most powerful country within the continent. The conditions of the treaty and what they’re proposing at that time are pretty generous—and something that none of the other nations want to refuse, given that they’re all sick of war at that time.” Annie’s smile was bitter. “Not one. But Adaytren.”

“The royal family—”

“No, not the royal family.” Annie shook her head. “The nobles and lords of the nation. Adaytren was run on a system of the nobility at that period in time. Even the king of the country won’t be able to do anything if enough nobles got together to refuse a decree set forward by him. The King and his heir, the Crown Prince both wished to accept Algade’s peace treaty, as they’ve lost the Queen and two of the princesses and their consorts during one of the battles. Both were tired. And the King was getting on in age back then—he wished to be able to live long enough to see peace come to his country, and he wants his heir to raise his family in a time of peace, and not worry if he has to lose his children in war—like how he did as a young boy, and then as an adult.”

“He sounds like a great man.” Liam managed to say. If someone like that King is the ruler of their nation now, would Adaytren still be in the state it now is? Or would they be back during the time of the Dark Age?

Yuri however is sensing a ‘but’ coming, given that Annie had stated that Adaytren was run on a system of the nobility back then. It is pretty similar to the current situation, though in this case, it is only whom the Effendi favours that holds the power.

“However, the nobles in the nation objected and refused.” Annie had a look of fury on her face momentarily. “The common people however backed their king. And thus, a bloody civil war broke out. One that dragged every single person in the nation within—even the children just barely old enough to know right from wrong. That civil war took the life of the King and the future Queen—the Crown Prince’s future bride.”

“Civil war is a ugly business.” Yuri murmured; she knows that better than anyone else.

Annie nodded; though she looked at Yuri curiously, feeling that the young woman knows it as fact and isn’t just saying it. “The Crown Prince finally had enough when his beloved died in his arms, and his father followed not long after.” Annie grimaced, knowing what is coming next based on the history books that she’d read as bedtime stories as a child. Back then, when it had happened, the people were split in two—half of them have supported the Prince’s actions. The other half had however condemned it. Is it any wonder then that the Crown Prince who is also the Last King had sentenced himself to self-exile? “The Crown Prince did the only thing he could think of to end the bloody conflict and to end the people’s suffering.” 

Yuri knew what is coming next.

“The Crown Prince did the one thing he could think of to save his people from further bloodshed and deaths.”

Because if Yuri was ever placed in such a situation herself, she would have done the same exact thing. 

Annie’s face was grim as she looked from twin to twin. “The Crown Prince turned his sword onto the nobles of the country,” she said unflinchingly, “those that were standing in the way of Adaytren accepting Algade’s proposition. He cut them down—destroyed entire bloodlines in a mere month—paving the path for his people. Freeing them from the bloodshed and terror that have haunted their country for generations.”

“Entire families?” Liam finally managed to find his voice, staring at Annie. “Why would he take out the families as well?”

Surprisingly, Yuri was the one to answer. “So that there would be no chance of someone seeking vengeance sometime down the line.” Yuri looked grim. 

It is after all what the Effendi had done to all those traitors or even anyone who had upset him. Entire families taken out—all down to the youngest child. Not always by a public execution either. Often, it is usually Jaeger, the Pursuers or even the Enforcers who were sent. A silent assassination in the middle of the night.

Annie nodded in response to Yuri’s words. “To the common people who have been largely oppressed by the noble families for years, the Crown Prince is their saviour. He not only saved their country; he also saved the lives of his people.”

“But not everyone thinks that way.” Liam realised.

Annie nodded. “He had been the last of the royal bloodline—the rightful king,” she answered. “Thus, the Prince did the last thing he could think of to save his country, and to prevent a full blown civil war from erupting in Adaytren. He turned Adaytren into a democracy—took whatever retainers that wished to follow him and left for Carran. It is a private land belonging to the royal family that is in reality just a tiny village near our northern borders—a place named after the gifts of nature that the Mother Gaia had granted us. It is a tough place to survive back then due to the cold weather that continuously plagued the northern regions, and I am sure it is the same now. I doubt that many people in Adaytren even knew of Carran’s existence today. It most likely wouldn’t be on any maps.”

Yuri understood what Annie is trying to tell them, and she exchanged looks with her twin who looked thoughtful. 

Adaytren’s saviour from over two centuries ago—the one who had single-handedly ended Adaytren’s civil war and had also freed the common people from the oppression of the nobles. The last king of Adaytren’s royal bloodline. And if what Annie had said is true…

“So the Effendi…” Liam trailed off slowly.

Annie nodded. “Yes. It is highly likely that he hails from Carran,” she answered. She turned her eyes towards the television screen that is now showing the Effendi giving some sort of speech—though with how bad the static sound is, they can’t hear anything that the Effendi is saying. “I was quite young when the Uprising happened, and the Effendi made an appearance—inciting the civil war that killed nearly all the members of Parliament. I was too young to understand—but I realised now that back then, Adaytren has some serious problems within their ruling council. Thus, it isn’t really that difficult for the Effendi to incite a rebellion to take over the country. Of course, everyone got cold feet when they realised just what he’s capable of doing, and how far he is willing to go.” Annie smiled sadly at the twins. “It’s been almost fifty years since then. When it first happened, it took us all by surprise. I remembered that they loaded me, my mother and my sister onto a cattle train and started dividing us. The ones on the left were sent to be executed or sent to the gas chamber—death either way. The ones on the right were sent to the labour camps. This was at a time before the system of the Child Soldier Program. My mother was sent to the left. I never saw her again.”

Liam gave a start when he realised that Annie had been giving a first-hand account of the situation in Adaytren when the Uprising had happened. Much like most of their history records, the situation within Adaytren when the Uprising had happened was lost. These days, no one even know what had happened after the Effendi had taken over the country.

Most of those who were still alive at that time were probably too afraid to even talk about it; or they were on the Effendi’s side to begin with—like Camellia Faylan. Hell, if Liam didn’t know that the woman is already older than fifty, he would have assumed her to be in her mid-thirties at best. She definitely still looked young and beautiful—much like the Effendi.

“It sounds like a horrible time,” was all that Liam managed to say. “I mean, at least you survived, right?”

Annie’s eyes flickered towards Yuri momentarily before turning her attention back towards Liam. “Because Dominion came through for us,” she answered, much to Liam’s surprise. “Dominion had always been the people’s ally. Their sworn duty is to the country of Adaytren itself, not to whoever is in power. They’ve always been that way, even now—since the time of Adaytren’s inception. If it hadn’t been for them, more people would have died. Endless villages and towns could have been irreparably destroyed.” The smile on Annie’s face was grim. “And regardless of the stories going around Adaytren now, I am and will always be thankful to them. No matter how difficult it is to believe, Dominion had always been the protectors and guardians of the nation. They have been in the past; they still are now; and they always will be.”

✯✯✯ 

“What do you think?” Liam asked quietly nearly an hour later as the twins made the trek back to their temporary residence. Both were careful to keep an eye out for soldiers. It doesn’t hurt to be too careful.

“What do I think?” Yuri echoed, looking at her brother from the corner of her eyes, already seeing white puffs appear whenever she breathed. It had been getting colder almost by the day, and it wouldn’t be long until winter claimed Adaytren completely. “What we heard earlier?”

Liam nodded silently. He had definitely not expected to be given a rather thorough history lesson when he’d woken up that morning. He wondered for a moment if the Effendi had given the order to have all historical records destroyed when he’d come into power. Anything to make it more difficult for someone to argue against his position.

“I don’t know about you, but I’m rather curious now.” Liam admitted.

“About the Effendi’s childhood and how he grew up to be the way he is?” Yuri injected even as they turned around a corner. “Yes. Me too.”

Their temporary residence was soon in sight, and much to the twins’ surprise, they saw Soma standing in front of the door, one hand tugging at the scarf concealing his hair and the lower part of his face, leaving only his red eyes as his only distinguishable feature. Even the rest of him was covered by a black fur-trimmed coat and jeans with black hiking boots. A small black case was visible in his left hand.

Liam was surprised that Soma hadn’t gotten arrested walking around in that getup. He looked suspicious even to normal civilians.

“Soma?”

“Delivery from Leticia.” Soma’s scarf muffled his voice as he handed the black case to Yuri. He sounded disgruntled. Yuri immediately placed it within her pack.

“At least you’re here, I guess.” Liam grunted, leading the way to the forested area that surrounds Alsace.  

Soma watched Liam and Yuri uncover the cleverly positioned natural camouflage used to blend their car with the forest. “Pardon?”

“There’s a place we need to go.” Yuri said at last after exchanging looks with Liam, who gave a curt nod. “I think you should come with us.”

“Where?” Soma was confused; watching as Liam got into the driver’s seat and started the engine. The car engine was quieter than normal; due to some mechanical job done on the vehicle by one of the Undertakers. 

Yuri opened the side passenger door, turning over her shoulder to face Soma. “Carran. The Effendi’s hometown.”

✯✯✯ 

It is a place that isn’t on any maps.

Annie’s words played over in Liam’s mind as he drove through the night. Yuri sat next to him in the side passenger seat, and Soma was in the back. 

What should have been a two-day journey to the northern region had taken them nearly three days. Better to take longer than to be detected on the more known roads.

They have made periodic stops at gas stations to fill up their fuel, also taking turns at being behind the wheel to allow all three of them ample rest. 

No one had said anything, but the atmosphere grew tenser the closer they approached the northern region. Unlike the other, more familiar regions of Adaytren, the northern region of Adaytren that hardly anyone goes to is an extremely harsh place to survive, with barely anything able to be grown there due to the fact that the natural climate is so naturally cold.

In fact, until Annie had told them about Carran, Liam honestly didn’t think that there could be a settlement there.

“Liest, huh?” Liam murmured. Next to him, Yuri was scanning the map on her lap—how she could see anything in the darkness is a mystery to him. The only light came from the vehicle’s powerful headlights. “The original royal family. And come to think of it, we never did really try to find out about the Effendi’s past and his reasons, did we?” Liam’s eyes flickered towards his twin before turning his attention back towards the road. Roads were perilous enough on a good summer’s day. “What are you going to do? Yuri? Soma?” He got only the sound of the car engine in response.

“I want to know more about him.” Soma finally spoke after Liam thought that the two would ignore his question. 

“Same here.” Yuri nodded. “I’m heading to Carran. I want to know more about the Effendi as well, and about this nation’s past.”

Liam drummed the fingers of his right hand atop the steering wheel. “Do either of you even know where it is? The northern region isn’t exactly small.”

Travelling to the northern region had its own dangers. And ironically, the danger wasn’t from soldiers, but from nature itself. Blizzards. Snowstorms. The occasional earthquakes. And hailstones the size of fists. Those were just some of the natural phenomenon that plagued the region continuously. 

Several old folk tales said that it had been cursed by the gods of old back when people still believed in gods and magic.

“I went to the northern region once. A long time ago.” Yuri answered, much to Soma and Liam’s surprise. Her eyes were surveying the map on her lap carefully. “It was only once, and I was there pursuing a deserter, but I know the layout vaguely. Besides, do you remember what Annie said?” She looked at her brother. “‘A tiny village named after the gifts that the Mother Gaia had granted’.” Yuri quoted. “Carran flowers.” She reminded the two young men with her of Adaytren’s unofficial national flower. “Pure white flowers symbolising purity and death.”

Liam’s eyes flickered to the windshield mirror where Soma is visible. 

It used to be an old tradition in Adaytren to have Carran flowers trailing with the ashes of a recently deceased as they’re scattered in the waters of the river. Back during the days when the traditions were still followed, the people believed that the flowers would cleanse the soul of all past sins and allow them to be reincarnated. 

These days, most of the dead were just burned—if they were lucky enough. Not even Yuri knew what exactly happened to the bodies of the dead in the Royal City. And for her peace of mind, she would rather not find out.

Feeling a pair of eyes boring holes into the back of her head, Yuri glanced up at the windshield mirror only to see Soma staring at her from the back seat. Sighing, she traced a line across the map with her index finger. “What is it, Soma?”

“What happened between you and Gale?” Soma asked bluntly. 

In the driver’s seat, Liam winced. Ouch. 

“Soma.” Liam warned, eyes flickering towards the windshield mirror before decreasing the speed as it is getting harder to see the road and where he is going, with the surroundings already starting to grow misty. 

“You can’t tell me that you’re not curious too.” Soma defended himself.

“Soma.” Liam warned again.

Soma ignored Liam and continued staring at the back of Yuri’s head. Her eyes were still trained on the map on her lap and seemed to be, for all purposes, not listening, but Soma knew perfectly well that she was. 

Hell, Gale often did the same thing in the beginning—pretending that he wasn’t listening or paying attention. Soma had long lost count of the number of times he’d gotten the wind knocked out of him when trying to take Gale by surprise to break out of his cell in the beginning. 

“I wasn’t lying when I told you that I truly detested Gale the first time I ever met him.” Soma continued as if Liam hadn’t spoken. He never took his eyes off of the back of Yuri’s head. “But at the same time, I was curious. I wondered just how fucked up the Effendi and the Royal City are to mess up one of their own that badly, and to put that look on his face.” Soma clenched his right hand into a fist. “My first thoughts when I first met Gale… My first thought was that…something in his eyes made him look so…lonely.” Soma admitted. “He came down often to talk to me—even when it wasn’t time for him to deliver my meals. Over the past two years, I started to get to know him better. Most of the time, our conversations were always about one person in particular—especially during the last six months.” Soma continued staring at Yuri. “Gale told me once that you both were former tag team partners. What does that mean? You both weren’t just normal partners, are you?”

Yuri rolled up the map on her lap without saying anything. “…Liam, switch,” she said. Liam stepped down on the brake, and the car came to a stop. Both twins then got out of the car on their side and switched seats.

The older of the two couldn’t help but let out a relieved sigh as he sat in the side passenger seat, rubbing at his eyes and at his wrists. This had been the longest that he had been driving during the past three days, and not to mention that it’s extremely dark, even by normal standards. There is no way that he can see properly in this pitch darkness and not send them over a cliff accidentally. But Yuri with her enhanced senses probably could navigate safely.

“So?” Soma asked again once the car started moving once more. “What’s the deal with you and Gale?”

Liam frowned, looking over at Soma over his shoulder. “Soma, give it a rest already,” he warned. “I mean it. I’m going to get angry if you don’t.”

“We grew up together like what Gale had probably mentioned at some point.” Yuri interrupted, and both boys turned their attention towards Yuri. She didn’t look at them, but merely stared out at the road in front of her as she drove, with the car’s almost silent engine giving out a relaxing hum. “My very first memory was already that of being in the Specialised Program. There were twelve others in that program as well—the majority of which I don’t even remember any longer. That is also where I met Gale…and Mikhail.”

To their credit, both Soma and Liam remained quiet even as Yuri spoke about whatever that she remembered during her time in the Specialised Program, and even the ‘graduation test’. It is actually remarkably similar to the ‘graduation test’ that Ethan and Hayden have taken back then. In the Specialised Program however, two children who have grown close together and have grown up together would be pitched against each other in a battle to the death. 

The ultimate test of turning one into the ultimate soldier.

“Hiram brought us both into Dominion not long after.” Yuri murmured, telling it in a way that made it seem like she’s speaking about someone else’s life and not her own. It always makes it easier for Yuri to talk about her past when she speaks about it this way—like it doesn’t concern her. “He trained us. Everything that I ever knew about combat, war tactics, sabotage and guerrilla warfare… He taught me everything I knew. He protected us.” Yuri glanced at Liam out of the corner of her eye. “Gale and I were made partners almost the instant when we became Enforcers. And at some point—when we were about thirteen, during a mission, Gale told me once what had happened to him before he was picked up by one of Jaeger’s scouts—whatever he could remember anyway.”

“Picked up?”

“What happened to him?”

Liam and Soma spoke at almost the same exact moment. Both turned to stare at each other with bewilderment before turning their attention back to Yuri. Yuri’s lips twitched, trying not to laugh. Honestly, for a moment, those two acted as if they are the ones who are twins.

“The Effendi’s Guard aren’t the only ones who ‘scouted’.” Yuri answered Liam’s question. “Jaeger and the Pursuers do too—though not often. And often times, the ones they scouted are normally enlisted straight into their own training program.” Yuri fell silent for several moments even as she let her left hand fall onto the dashboard and using her right hand to steer the steering wheel. “What I knew about Gale was told to me in confidence a long time ago; and I will not betray that trust.” She said at last warningly. The same way how Gale had never told anyone what she had told him a long time ago about what the Effendi and Ezekiel have done to her in the underground labs. “What I can say is this: Gale originally came from a small village to the far south called Hamlet.” Yuri lessened the speed even as she turned and went down the narrow mountain path. Even in broad daylight, going through this route is dangerous.

“…I never heard of it.” Liam remarked, brows furrowing. As a Legion agent, his undercover operative work takes him all over Adaytren, and he knows the country pretty well by this point.

“Not many does by this point of time.” Yuri shook her head. Until Gale had told her and she had gone digging into Dominion’s records, not even she had heard of Hamlet. It is probably part of Adaytren’s forgotten history by this point. She doubted that even Hiram will know of Gale’s past. “The village of Hamlet was wiped clean off the map over a decade ago. The Hamlet Genocide is what people call it. These days, you probably wouldn’t know anyone who even knows someone from that village.” Yuri swallowed down her anger—she always gets angry whenever she remembered what Gale had told her of Hamlet’s destruction, and what that she had managed to find out from records. “When Gale was about four, Hamlet was attacked by soldiers. By men wearing the uniforms of the Guard. Gale lost his entire family in a single night. He was picked up by Jaeger scouts after that.”

Liam scowled. The Effendi again? Is there anyone in this nation whose life that man hadn’t ruined? “The Effendi again. That damned bastard—”

“That’s not the truth, Liam.” Yuri cut in before Liam could go on another tirade about the Effendi. In the back, Soma was unusually silent. “Think about it. If it is the Guard, wouldn’t it be them and the Effendi that Gale hates and swore vengeance against?” The car let out a jerk as it ran over something—probably a rock or a tree branch. “It is the Legion that attacked and destroyed Hamlet. Gale saw everything.”

“What?”

Yuri looked at Liam whose face is pale. And who could blame him? 

She is certain that the Legion no longer have records of this—Hell, she has no idea if Lieben is even in command at that time. But if he does, and is the one who ordered it, then in certain ways, he can be even worse than the Effendi. It has taken even Yuri nearly an entire year to dig out everything about the Hamlet Genocide even with Dominion’s records.

“There were rumours at that time that several of the Effendi’s spies and agents were hiding in Hamlet amongst the people.” Yuri said at last, reciting what she remembered from the records. She has never told Gale what she’d found out; never knowing if it’s better for him to know versus not knowing. But then again, this is Gale that she’s talking about. He probably already knew the moment they became Enforcers. “This was at a time when the Guard as well as Jaeger were cracking down hard on the rebel factions as well as the Legion.” Yuri’s jaw tightened. No matter the reason and the situation, none of it is good enough to warrant Hamlet’s fate! “The Legion panicked.”

Liam shook his head in the side passenger seat. He knew what is coming next, but he couldn’t bring himself to cover his ears—

“The Legion Commander gave the order—”

—Because Liam had seen enough of the good and bad in people to know that the Legion indeed do have the guts to do something like that—

“They destroyed Hamlet all the way down to the last child to distract the Guard and the Effendi as their own escaped. In the past, the Effendi did have child spies and even child soldiers. The candidates of the Child Soldier Program being one good example. Gale was the only one to escape the Hamlet Genocide. Jaeger picked him up near the southern borders. And then, I don’t know what—but the entire incident was just…swept beneath the rug.” Yuri bit on her bottom lip with frustration. In several ways, Gale did have it worse than her. “Today, you probably won’t find many people who even knew someone from Hamlet. Gale is probably the only survivor. He has seen true Hell with his own eyes, and had seen into the depths of Gehenna itself. The Hamlet Genocide. That’s what that is. Hiram saved Gale and gave him a home—the same way that he did for me.”

“Does… Does Gale know this?” Soma’s voice sounded oddly calm.

Yuri’s eyes flickered towards the windshield mirror and back to the road in front of her. “…Most probably,” she answered. “The Legion was behind everything. And even for the Effendi, he sealed and destroyed most of the records on Hamlet. Maybe because he can’t stand knowing that the Legion outwitted him.” 

Yuri did however suspect at one time when she had confronted Camellia about Hamlet that the Effendi had sealed and destroyed some of the records because it is not something that the survivors can handle knowing. And at that time, there is only one known Hamlet survivor—Gale. Was the Effendi…trying to protect Gale in a way? 

“The world isn’t as perfect as you think it is. Gale has every reason to detest the Legion, and honestly, I agree with him. I can barely stand them too. While it is true that the Effendi and his people did many terrible things, is what the Legion did any different? At the very least, the Effendi and his people are true about what they are. But the Legion? People aren’t wrong when they call Legion agents double faced, you know? Why do you think the underground barely tolerated them? Gale will tolerate the Legion for my sake. But bear this in mind—he will never trust them. All those in Dominion—all of us have darkness in our hearts. Ethan and Hayden too.”

Liam was silent, his face pale—visible even in the darkness and the shadows casted over his body.

“‘Never hurt a child’.” Soma murmured from the back. “That is one rule that the entire underground held true to. Unless said child is from the Guard.” Yuri gave a curt nod, and Soma let out a bitter chuckle, slamming his hand onto his face. “You’ve got to be fucking with me. The Legion. The Effendi… Is there even any difference between them at all? Just…what is going to happen to this country?”

Liam let out a bitter chuckle, and Soma turned towards him. Liam’s face was shadowed by the darkness, with his shoulders shaking as he let out a bitter chuckle. “I wish that I can say I was surprised.” Liam finally said. “I wish I could. But I wasn’t.” Dad, did I make a mistake in joining the Legion? “The Legion. Hell, at least we knew that the Effendi is our enemy. But the Legion? In certain ways, they’re worse than the Effendi.” Liam covered his face with his right hand, peeking through the gaps of his fingers. “Will…this country even know any true peace?”

Yuri said nothing to that remark for several moments. The car gave out jerks every now and then as they drove over small obstacles in their path. 

“Peace, huh?” Yuri murmured at last. “The truth is that there probably is no such thing.” She ignored the burning gazes on her person. “From my time in Dominion, there really is no such thing. One mission ends. The next one begins. It is a never ending cycle. True peace just sounds nice. But the truth is that it doesn’t exist. Militia and all—the entire system was based on war. Even the Legion’s system is based on war, no matter what pretty sounding words they used to dress it up. By the time I was thirteen, I was already sick and tired of life in general.” A muscle in Yuri’s jaw twitched. “I got tired of everything. Everyone has reasons for everything they ever did. I’m sure Lieben did too.” She directed the last part to Liam who twitched. “Besides, this is life. You win some and you lose some. Life is never fair. We know that better than anyone else.”

The rest of the journey was then made in relative silence.

✯✯✯ 

It was late morning the next day when they finally pulled up in front of a tiny village, much to the relief of all three. Soma in particular was relieved when he could finally get out of the car and stretch his legs.

An elderly woman was sweeping away the snow gathered in clumps at the front of the village main gate when the trio have approached after leaving the confines of the car. She had on dark blue garments that seems almost like tribal clothing, with black snow boots on her feet. And unlike the trio who have on thick coats, the cold weather doesn’t seem to be bothering her at all.

The woman looked up as the three of them approached cautiously, the snow crunching beneath their boots. A suspicious look appeared on her face as she eyed them, and she tightened her grip on the shovel. Her eyes widened in surprise when she laid eyes on Soma, who trailed a little behind the twins.

“Zeram?” The woman whispered.

Yuri, Liam and Soma stopped in their tracks. Soma frowned. “What?”

The woman blinked as she continued staring at Soma, before shaking her head. “No… Of course not,” she murmured wistfully. “What brings you to Carran?”

Liam gave a sigh of relief. “Okay, we’re at the right place,” he said. He was in no mood to go cruising about for another three days in search of the elusive village.

Yuri gave her twin a dirty look. “I could have told you that,” she said frostily. She noticed the woman looked torn between amusement and annoyance. “My apologies, but is there anyone we can speak to? It’s a matter of…importance, you can say.”

The woman sighed. “It was only a matter of time. Come with me. I’ll take you to see my husband.”

✯✯✯ 

“It’s not much, but please have some tea.”

Yuri nodded in thanks to the man who’d been introduced as the woman’s husband. 

In total, Yuri probably had counted only about six or seven wooden houses along the way the old woman had led them through to her house.

“We haven’t received any visitors in such a long time now that I’m pretty sure everyone in Adaytren had forgotten about our existence.” The old man smiled as he sat at the low table together with the trio and his wife. “My name is Barlowe. This is my wife, Felicia. In a way, I am the head of Carran. And I’m also about as close as Zeram ever had to a father.” He looked at Soma as he said the last part.

Soma who had his cup of tea halfway to his lips, paused. That was the name that Felicia had called him by earlier.

Clearly, Liam had the same question on his mind, as he looked confused. “Zeram?” he echoed.

Barlowe sighed and his eyes looked wistful. Next to him, his wife looked pained. “You might know him better as the Effendi.” Barlowe answered.

“What?”

Yuri wrapped her hands around her cup of tea, resting her forearms on the surface of the table, never breaking eye contact with Barlowe. “So it’s true then,” she murmured. “We suspected that the Effendi hails from here.”

Felicia nodded sadly. “Yes, it is,” she nodded in affirmative. “As is Camellia.”

“What is this place anyway?” Soma demanded. “It isn’t on any maps. We only knew of its existence by vague news and rumours.”

“It’s private property—a private plot of land belonging to the original royal family of Adaytren.” Barlowe answered. “The people of Carran—however few there are—we were all descendants of the royal family’s retainers. And in the case of the Faylan family, they were the guardians of the royal family.” Yuri gave a light start. “We are all honour-bound to protect the royal family. Carran has lots of sharp-eared folk here.” Barlowe looked from face to face. “News might be a little slow to reach us, but we know enough.” He looked directly at the twins. “So we know who you both are of course. Liam and Yulia Michaelis.”

Liam and Yuri’s hands fell automatically to their weapons.

“How do you—”

“We’ve been keeping an eye and ear out on Zeram’s activities for all these years.” Felicia entered the conversation. “In recent months however, both your names always came up with anything associated with Zeram and his people.”

“If you’ve been keeping an eye on the Effendi and the atrocities that he’d committed, why didn’t you do anything to stop him?” Soma interrupted, narrowing his red eyes at the elderly couple who suddenly looked nervous. “You helped raised him. He might have listened to you.”

“We did, before he left the village long ago.” Felicia told Soma, a resigned air around her. “He refused to listen. There used to be more of us in Carran. But half of them—mainly the young folk—left with Zeram. About half of the soldiers that are in the Jaeger corps now are originally Carran descendants.” Yuri, Liam and Soma exchanged quick, bewildered looks with each other. “Unlike Dominion whose duty is to the kingdom itself, Jaeger are honour bound to defend the royal bloodline.”

Yuri stared at the contents of her cup. That really explained a lot.

“Young man.” Barlowe looked at Soma intently from beneath his bushy eyebrows. “You’re… You’re Zeram’s son, aren’t you?”

Soma scowled fiercely. “If by ‘son’, you mean that the Effendi raped and abandoned my mother, then yes, he sired me. But I claim no relation to that man,” he said frostily. 

Felicia smiled sadly at Soma. “So that explains it,” she murmured. “You look a lot like Zeram when he was young. And not just because of your hair and eyes.”

Soma scowled even further, and only Yuri’s hand on his arm stopped him from doing or saying anything further.

“We heard a little about Adaytren’s true history from someone we met recently.” Liam spoke, looking from Barlowe to Felicia and back again. “Ever since the Effendi came to power, all true records of Adaytren’s history was either destroyed or altered. We want to know more. What makes the Effendi—Zeram the way he is now? Why is he doing this to the country that his ancestors protected?”

“For revenge mainly,” Barlowe said at last, lifting his head to look at the three youngsters.

“Revenge?”

“If you know a little about Adaytren’s true history, then you must know the reasons why the Crown Prince self-exiled himself to Carran all those years back.” Felicia injected. Liam and Yuri nodded. “Humans have a long memory, especially for something of the calibre that the prince did back then to save his people. But stories and rumours also have a nasty habit of being blown out of proportion and exaggerated. In the olden days, people believed that speaking about bad things would bring bad luck. Sort of tempting fate, I suppose. Thus, the truth about the Crown Prince and his actions back then got blown out of proportion. Thus, anyone from Carran—especially the surviving members of the royal family, is treated as an outcast and a traitor, especially to those in the Royal City. Sure, the Crown Prince had his share of supporters and allies during the early days. But those were mainly amongst the common people. To the nobles, what are the lives of a few commoners as compared to the nobility?”

“Self-entitlement.” Yuri murmured.

“Yes.” Barlowe nodded. “Zeram’s parents died young—from a disease that was incurable back in those days. Though up here in the northern region, people get sick a lot due to various reasons. When they died, they left behind Zeram and his elder sister, asking us to raise them in their stead—the same way that we did for Camellia and Irvin.”

“He had a sister?” All three echoed at the same time, incredulous.

Yuri however tucked away the little bit of information about Camellia and Irvin—both whom she had known when she was still in the Effendi’s service.

Felicia nodded. “A sister about three years his senior.” The old woman smiled wistfully. “She was extremely beautiful and kind and gentle. Everyone in the village loved her, especially the children. No matter how hard life became up here, she was always smiling. But when Zeram was about thirteen, his sister fell seriously ill. And none of our medicines worked.”

“She was his only family.” Barlowe added. “Out of desperation, Zeram left with his sister and Camellia one night to seek help from the mainland. He went straight to the Royal City—the place with the most skilled doctors.” Barlowe sighed heavily. “He went from door-to-door, from morning to night, with Camellia next to him, begging for the doctors or for anyone to help him. Despite the weather, and that they had no money even for food, Zeram didn’t let up. He begged and asked everyone he saw. Even the soldiers. But no one did. Because of the very fact that he is from Carran and is also a surviving member of the royal family; and at that time in history, Adaytren sees those from Carran as cursed people—traitors. Particularly those that hailed from the Crown Prince’s line. And in the end, Yuliana died in Zeram’s arms.”

“…Yuliana?” Liam murmured absently. He could almost see a young Effendi, begging for help despite the bitter weather, carrying his sick and frail sister, only to be turned away cruelly due to his blood lineage. For the first time in his life, he felt sorry for the Effendi. 

“His sister.” Felicia answered, looking at Yuri as she did.

Liam looked at Yuri as well. Yuliana. Yulia. They almost have the same name, Liam realised. 

Barlowe got up from his place at the low table and moved to a table at the back of the room. When he returned, he had a photo frame in his hand.

“This is Zeram and Yuliana when they were young,” he told the trio of youngsters, handing the photo frame over to Yuri.

Both Soma and Liam leaned over to get a closer look at the black and white photo. All three of them recognised the Effendi immediately, even though they have never even seen a picture of him as a child. 

“Yuri, she looks a lot like you.” Soma commented, staring at the image of Yuliana.

“Yeah, I’ve noticed.” Yuri murmured.

Liam frowned as Yuri handed the photo frame back to Barlowe. “Do…you think that might be why…?”

“The Effendi is so obsessed with me?” Yuri finished her twin’s sentence. She had a grim look on her face. “Probably.”

“I know that nothing we say will change your minds about Zeram.” Barlowe looked resigned. “But he was a good, kind child. It’s just…” He struggled with his words before his shoulders slumped. “Fate has a funny way of altering one’s destiny. The Crown Prince fought and gave up everything to save his country. Zeram did everything he could to destroy it because of his desire for revenge for his sister—towards the ones that he felt killed her.”

Yuri, Liam and Soma had come seeking answers. They’d got them, but they were also left with more questions.

Yuri sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose. So this is the reason why, Camellia? “But this doesn’t excuse their actions—both the Effendi and Camellia,” Yuri said pointedly. “The people of this village swore allegiance to the original royal family. So you probably couldn’t—didn’t want to do anything to the last members of that family. But it’s different for us. I can’t allow him to ruin Adaytren any further. I’m giving our country back their freedom. We will not show any mercy.”

Barlowe closed his eyes in grief before opening them again. Next to him, Felicia looked about to protest before she turned her face away. “I won’t expect you to,” he said at last. 

“You know, you have a large responsibility to play in how Zeram—the Effendi turned out the way he is.” It was Soma who spoke. “You could have stopped him. Made him choose a different path. Turned him away from revenge. You raised him.” Soma pointed out. “You could have helped him after his sister passed. As much as the Effendi has turned Adaytren into the way it is, you played a large role in the state that the nation is now, too.”

The elderly couple said nothing; they didn’t have to. Guilt was written all over their features. “…Please stop him—stop them.” Barlowe said at last. “Stop them from making any further mistakes. This…isn’t what Yuliana would want for her brother. This isn’t what the Crown Prince would wish for. This isn’t what their parents would want.” He closed his eyes with grief. “Please… Save him from this darkness. And if you can’t… Then I ask you to please… Prevent him from falling any further.”

“We will.” Liam swore. “We swore to end his reign a long time ago. We’ll just be fulfilling that promise we made. What’s one more?”

“All right. We should go. It’ll take us another three days to return.” Yuri got to her feet. The others in the room followed suit.

“I’ll pack some food for you.” Felicia offered.

“There’s no need—”

“Please.” Barlowe interrupted, even as Felicia hurried to the back of the house and into the small kitchen. “I insist, especially after you came all this way.” He then led the way out of the house and towards Carran’s main gates. 

Yuri spied curious eyes peering out at them from the other houses in the settlement and resisted the urge to return the gesture. Felicia appeared once more as they stood at the entrance of the village with a dark blue bundle that she handed to Soma.

“For the journey ahead,” she told Soma, who took it with a grateful thanks. Felicia smiled sadly at him. “I know that you don’t think of Zeram as your father. But you have royal blood in your veins. You’d always be welcome here, Soma.”

Soma said nothing to that, but looked at Yuri, desperate to leave.

“We should go.” Liam said at last, looking at his twin who nodded. “We’ll pass on your message to the Effendi.” He told the elderly couple. “But don’t hope that he’ll listen. If it were possible for him to take note of others, he would have stopped this a long time ago.”

“Maybe.” Barlowe looked sad. “But even still, I see him as the child I raised. I…leave him to you.”

 “I doubt we’ll ever come back.” Yuri said. “But you will no doubt receive word if we ever succeed.”

Barlowe and Felicia both nodded. “Of that, we no doubt will.” Barlowe agreed.

“Let’s go.” 

All three turned and started the trek back to their car. Yuri barely made it more than five steps away from Carran before she stopped and looked up at the skies above her. “It’s just…such a pity.” Yuri murmured, shielding her eyes even as she looked up at the skies. “If things have been different, he might—would have made a great king.”







19

RESOLVE


“The hardest thing in this world is to live in it.” - Unknown

✯✯✯ 

“I will give my report now.”

Camellia listened to the report, occasionally glancing over to Zeram in the corner as she did so. The man’s face was stoic even as he listened to the report being given by the head of the Pursuer unit; Camellia’s second-in-command.

A sudden breeze shifted and blew through the open window in Zeram’s office, causing several strands of her blonde hair to waft out of her eyes. She ignored the rain that had become as natural to Adaytren as the sun was to other nations.

It had been a month since the raid on Allerton; Camellia could almost feel the tension in the air—especially from neighbouring villages and towns. It had always been there, at least for as long as Camellia could remember, but this time, it seemed…different, somehow. Rage simmered beneath that tension, and activity from the underground had gone strangely silent since. From the Legion, too.

And it almost made Camellia uneasy. Whenever the underground and the Legion went silent, it always meant that something was going to happen.

Irvin, Camellia’s second-in-command, looked over at her nervously just then, an unasked question present on the tip of his tongue. 

Camellia gave a curt nod.

“Commander Georges of Dominion has also expressed a wish to aid the people of Allerton.” Irvin said at last, and Camellia’s eyes widened.

Hiram Georges had never interfered in an official capacity as Dominion’s commander to render aid to the survivors of the subjugations. Perhaps even Hiram could sense the winds of change on the horizon.

A new era was coming.

“Denied.” The Effendi answered promptly, and Camellia gave her old friend a sharp look. His red eyes glittered with some unknown emotion. “And be sure to let it be known that anyone foolish enough to assist would face the consequences.” He let out a harsh cough, and Camellia frown with concern, spying the numerous pill bottles scattered across the surface of Zeram’s desk. Is he getting worse?

“Forgive my impudence, but this is not a wise course of action to take.” Irvin warned. 

Zeram scowled. “That is an order, Irvin,” he said frostily with a hoarse voice. And it might have been Camellia’s imagination, but she could swear that Zeram’s breathing seemed rather laboured. “Do not make me repeat myself.”

Irvin looked ready to argue, but he finally relented. “…Yes, sir.”

“If that’s all, Effendi?” Camellia spoke for the first time since Irvin had come to report in. The Effendi—Zeram looked at Camellia and nodded. “We’ll take our leave then. Irvin, walk with me.”

“Yes ma’am.”

The sound of the heavy doors closing shut behind them sounded ominous in the otherwise silent hallway as the pair took the long trek back towards Camellia’s office, in the wing that housed the Jaeger and Pursuer corps.

Camellia looked out of one of the windows as they walked. Even through the rain and the stormy skies, she could still see the common citizens of the Royal City out on the streets, particularly the ones that were reduced to being mere beggars on the streets. Several of them were just nothing but skin and bones, with majority of them not even moving at whatever corner that they were slumped against—just waiting for death to come and claim them.

Camellia felt another wave of guilt wash over her—the same way that it did over the past several years. This was worse than back then—back when they have decided to launch a coup against the Parliament in their youth—the then ruling body of Adaytren.

‘The Parliament was corrupt; accepting bribes and whatnot and allowing criminals to go off scot free as long as they have the money and the power to buy off the authorities.’ Camellia thought to herself, not even seeing anything at all as she looked out of the window. ‘We wanted to stop that. To save more people like how we couldn’t save Yuliana as kids. But Zeram… He’s starting to become no different than how the Parliament had been at that time.’ Camellia thought to herself bitterly.

Yuri’s subsequent betrayal and then desertion didn’t exactly come as a surprise to Camellia. Yuri might never have trusted Camellia for as long as she’d known the youth; but Camellia knew her old student well. She could tell that Yuri had grown jaded with the Effendi and even Dominion months before she left. Zeram hadn’t made things any easier by forcing Ezekiel into Dominion. Camellia was only surprised that Gale hadn’t left with Yuri.

“…Commander?”

Camellia found herself jerking out of her thoughts at the sound of Irvin’s voice, and turned to see his concerned hazel eyes gazing at her.

“It’s nothing.” She waved off his reservations even as she continued the trek towards her office with Irvin beside her. “And you can drop the formalities when it’s just us.” Camellia said as they approached the door of her office. She pushed open the door and entered, with Irvin right behind her. He shut the door behind him with a nudge of his heel. “How long have we known each other?”

“All our lives. But who’s counting?” Irvin responded immediately.

“Exactly. All our lives. Since we left Carran together.” Camellia answered. “Now it’s just you, me and Zeram that are left of our original group. All the others… Dead. With just their ghosts as memories.”

Irvin frowned. “Before the two of you became the Effendi and Commander Faylan, you were ‘Zeram’ and ‘Camellia’ to me. I saw everything that happened, right from the beginning. Zeram… He’s not the person he used to be. Not the man that I swore fealty to.” Camellia gave Irvin a sad smile. “We never wanted a war. But a war seems to be what he’s trying to start. It’s like sometime along the way, Zeram had forgotten just why we’re doing this.”

What had changed since the Uprising?

If anything, there was now even more deaths and suffering in Adaytren than before. Upon taking power and revamping the entire system, the first thing that Zeram had done was to kill anyone with any sort of connection or attachment to Parliament.

Camellia had been horrified at the time, but she had convinced herself that Zeram was doing his duty, as any king would.

But now, here they stood, only three of them left from their original group.

Adaytren was still isolationist, and Zeram didn’t seem to be making any signs to change that anytime soon. During the Uprising, and following that when they’d blocked off all trade routes and such, the few nations that Adaytren were friendly with tried to gain access to find out more about the situation, but were rebuffed every time. Now, Camellia was certain that the other nations had long given up, and any treaties or alliances that Adaytren might have once had with them were probably forgotten.

And even as much as Camellia didn’t want to admit it, she knew that the nation’s soldiers were exhausted. With all the battles that had been fought over the last few years, their military might wasn’t what it once was—especially with the Child Soldier Program’s tendency to kill off the ‘weak’ and to only keep the strong. 

Then the failed attempt to capture Yuri by using Karen as bait had cost them a tenth of their forces, not to mention leaving half of Zlarc in smoking ruins. Even now, nearly five months later, efforts of relief were only being initiated now—and even so, it isn’t much, as majority of their nation’s coffers were being poured into the military budget.

This was no longer about Adaytren or Carran and the way things were supposed to be—the way that the Crown Prince had meant it to be, or even the way that Yuliana would have wanted. Instead, it was like Zeram wanted everyone to suffer as Carran had. As Yuliana did before she had died. 

“Promise me, Camellia. Promise me that you’ll watch over him.”

Camellia stared at her clenched fist as Yuliana’s words rose to the surface of her memory. ‘Have you forgotten why we’re doing this, Zeram?’ she wondered.

“Do you seriously believe in that man’s legitimacy to rule and will willingly die for him? Look around you! Who do you think is putting Adaytren in the sorry state it now is? Is this something a leader should be doing?!” Camellia remembered the accusations that the young man—the leader of the Undertakers—had screamed at them.

“He won’t listen to me—us.” Camellia turned to face Irvin at last. The words not anymore went unsaid. “And it doesn’t matter what I feel. I made Yuliana and Zeram a promise. He’s all that I have left. I cannot abandon him. I’ll be with Zeram. Always.” She made a cross over her heart.

Irvin sighed. “We made our choices. The consequences are ours to bear. I’ve been ready for them for a long time. I hope you are once the time comes.”

With that said, Irvin then turned and left the office.

Camellia stared at her clenched fists, her nails digging into her palms. ‘Adaytren is on the brink of destruction.’ Camellia nibbled at her bottom lip. ‘Am I making a mistake? What would you do if you were here, Yuliana?’

Because all this…destruction and chaos and deaths and suffering couldn’t have been what Yuliana would have wanted. She would never want such a thing. Even when the people of Adaytren had rebuffed them and refused to help her even as she lay dying, Yuliana had never held a grudge or hated them. This wasn’t what she would want for Adaytren…or her brother.

Because peace wasn’t real peace when everyone was dead by the time it took hold.

✯✯✯ 

Soma and Yuri were both equally amused at how jumpy Liam became the moment they stepped into the Rose Maiden establishment—one of, if not the most influential brothel in Solaris. It wasn’t uncommon for the madam to shield a refugee or two who had fallen foul of the Effendi, and had came to Rose Maiden for shelter whilst they figure out their next move.

“Relax, will you?” Soma told Liam, amused. “One would think you hadn’t seen a girl naked before.” 

In contrast to Liam, Soma is calm and didn’t seem affected by the multiple girls who all seemed to be wearing such see-through dresses that they might as well not be wearing anything at all.

“Well, I hadn’t.” Liam glared at Soma, determinedly keeping his eyes on Soma’s face and not anywhere else.

Soma grinned at Liam. “Oh, so you’re a virgin?” he teased, and Liam blushed.

Liam was fortunately saved from having to answer when a woman walked down the brothel’s middle staircase.

“It’s been a long time, Yuri.”

There was a sudden hush at her appearance. From the way she dressed in a figure-hugging red dress and a black fur scarf around her neck, Liam could only guess that she must be the madam of the establishment.

“It’s a long time, Big Mama.” Yuri inclined her head respectfully to the woman.

“Cesar told me that you would be coming by.” Big Mama commented, eyes roving over the two guys standing on either side of Yuri. “Come with me.”

The trio followed Big Mama up two flights of stairs and down a long passageway before they were led into a room decked out in colours of mahogany, red and gold, with heavy curtains at the windows and thick carpets covering the floor. There was even an oak desk in the room, along with a glass coffee table and chairs.

“Take a seat.” Big Mama gestured towards the chairs. She then looked towards Soma who still had his hair and face covered. “It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you as well, Soma. Big miracle that you’re still alive and in one piece after getting your fool self arrested.”

Despite the woman’s harsh words, Liam could detect the concern lining it.

Soma sighed before reaching up to remove the scarf concealing his hair and lower part of his face, leaving it hanging around his neck. “It’s been a long time, Big Mama,” he responded politely. He looked at Liam’s perplexed expression. “I used to work here when I was a kid. Mainly running errands and stuff. Big Mama was the only one even willing to give me a chance. Then when I was a little older, I became a mercenary. I was always good at fighting—picking up the necessary skills on the streets, so it wasn’t too difficult for me. Took me awhile to find a middleman though. Big Mama was one of those few that didn’t care who I look like, so she was one of my regular clients.”

“It’s a bit stupid, but even the underground didn’t escape unscathed from the Effendi.” Big Mama sighed, taking a puff from her smoking pipe. “It took nearly twenty years after the Uprising before the people of the underground came to a kind of agreement with the Effendi.” She took another long puff from her pipe, breathing out white smoke. Liam resisted the urge to cough. “People only look out for number one. It’s kind of a sad truth. But it’s how the underground survived for all these years. It is how Solaris survived.” 

Liam didn’t know what to say, and with how Yuri and Soma exchanged looks, he was certain that those two knew more than what they were actually saying.

“So I heard about it from Cesar and Alec.” Big Mama changed the conversation’s direction. The woman looked at Yuri. “Three bags full of weapons and ammunition—of all kinds.” Liam tensed as Big Mama’s voice sharpened as she looked over the three of them. Surprisingly, Yuri and Soma didn’t look concerned. “Have you decided then, Yuri?”

Yuri gave a curt nod. “I have. We’re ending this.”

“Lots of people are probably going to die.” Soma added. “But better that than dragging it out longer and making the situation worse. Adaytren has been through enough.”

Big Mama nodded, seemingly satisfied. “Like I’ve told you before, Yuri; Solaris and the underground will be in this with you. We’ll stand with you. Until the end.”

Yuri nodded slowly, betraying no signs of hesitance or doubt that Liam was sure that she must have been feeling. “Until the end,” she echoed.

✯✯✯ 

All of them met up again nearly a month later in the safe house where Liam had reunited with Yuri. It is almost surreal to imagine that it had barely been six months since that day.

It felt much longer.

And now here they stood; Legion, the Undertakers and Blade; a group of people who wouldn’t before have even dreamt of working with each other or trusting each other as far as they could throw them. It gave Liam some hope for the future; that the end of the war wouldn’t mark the end of Adaytren.

“So it’s decided then.” Alec spoke, eyes drifting downwards to the table that they all stood around; bags of all kinds of weapons and ammunition scattered across the surface, amidst numerous maps. 

“Yes. One more month.” Leticia nodded from where she stood next to Giles who frowned with concern. “It’ll give us time to rally further support. We will need the support of the common populace, or we can’t win this war.”

“Won’t be very difficult.” Nicolas pointed out, looking from face to face solemnly. While everyone present were tense and serious, the Legion agents in particular looked concerned. “Everyone in this nation is sick and tired of living in fear all the time.”

Ethan looked towards the Legion agents present; the representatives of the entire Legion. He has no idea what had occurred between Yuri and Legion’s commander; but suffice to say that he is not Yuri’s favourite person at the moment. Hence why Liam’s team is currently Legion’s sole representatives in this ‘war council’.

“And the Legion?”

“The Legion stands with you.” Joshua answered stiffly. He looked at Liam who nodded, and Joshua then turned his attention towards Yuri and Alec who were standing together. “Just tell us when you want to act, and we’ll be there. All Legion agents will be assisting with the takeover.”

Hayden scoffed and every pair of eyes turned towards him. Joshua had some choice words on the tip of his tongue, ready to berate Hayden for what he presumed to be Hayden’s prejudice for the Legion, but Joshua’s words died away with the cold look in Hayden’s eyes.

“Karma.” Hayden murmured in a volume loud enough for everyone to hear. “The Effendi came to power because he overthrew the Parliament ruling Adaytren at that time. Figures that now we’ll be the ones overthrowing him. What goes around comes around indeed. It’s funny if you think about it.”

“I guess so.” Liam gave a weak smile, recalling what Barlowe had told them in Carran about the Effendi, and what had created the man that he was today.

“We’re betting everything on this.” Yuri spoke at last. No one could bring themselves to look away from the steel in her silver-blue eyes. For the Legion agents, they were reminded a great deal of Liam during those times when he was planning a mission. For those formerly in the Effendi’s service, they were reminded of the ruthless Enforcer that Yuri used to be. “Win or lose, this is it. If we fail, there will be no going back. No second chances.”

Alec nodded. “This is going to be different from the last time, when we broke into the Royal City to rescue Karen,” he explained. Karen frowned from her place next to the door, but said nothing. “This time around, we’d be aiming for a total takeover.”

“What of Gale, Yuri?” Ethan asked suddenly. With that question, every single head swivelled towards Yuri and Ethan who had asked that question.

“The Death Reaper?” Joshua questioned with narrowed eyes. “What’s he got to do with anything?” Liam hushed his best friend with a well placed glare. 

“I don’t know what that guy is thinking; but if he wants to back out, this is his last chance.” Ethan said, never taking his eyes off of Yuri who said nothing. “Talk to him, Yuri. Get through to him. He cannot continue this way.”

“He has to make his own choice, Ethan. I cannot make it for him.” Yuri said at last. “We were prepared for the consequences of our actions a long time ago. I knew what I was getting myself into. So did Gale.” Under Ethan’s hard stare, Yuri sighed. “I’ll talk to him one last time.” She said at last, and Ethan nodded. Yuri stared at her clenched fist. “The Effendi. Dominion. The Guard. Legion. Even the underground. We’ve all been planning this war for a long time—all for the sake of survival in the same country.” Liam was almost transfixed—staring at his twin as if seeing her for the first time. Even without looking at the others, he knew that they felt the same way. “So why does it always comes down to war?”

✯✯✯ 

“You look like shit,” Cesar greeted the moment he laid eyes on Gale.

Gale gave the weapons’ smith a dirty look even as he placed his handgun and his sword onto the counter. “Yeah, it’s great to see you too,” he said irritably. Granted, he knew that he hadn’t exactly been taking care of his appearance, and he probably looked like something that the cat had dragged in.

Cesar said nothing as he examined Gale’s sword with a critical eye before placing it back down. No further maintenance needed, and Gale sheathed his sword back within its sheathe on his back.

“What are you going to do?” Cesar asked suddenly, taking apart Gale’s gun carefully after spreading a cloth over the counter between them. Gale raised an eyebrow, and Cesar stared back, unimpressed. “We got lots of sharp-eared folk here, Gale. News are normally the first to reach us, no matter how much of a lid you have on certain rumours and news in the Royal City. You know that. The underground and the Legion have been unusually silent for months now. You know what that means. This war is going to come to an end soon. What are you going to do?” Cesar asked again gruffly. Gale said nothing, staring at the wall opposite him like seeing something particularly fascinating there. Cesar gave a low groan. “There are times when I really feel like shaking you until you see some sense.” He grumbled, reassembling the gun with deft hands and movements that spoke of decades of experience. “Why don’t you do what you want to do for once in your life?”

“It’s not that simple, Cesar.” Gale shook his head.

Cesar looked at Gale with sharp eyes as he passed the gun back. “You know, you remind me of how Yuri was years ago,” he said, not releasing  the gun even as Gale grasped the black steel. “She was undecided at that time, too. Not knowing what she wanted. Unsure of her place in this world. But she found it in the end, didn’t she? Found her path. And what did she do to find it? Come on, you know better than I do.”

Gale was silent for several moments. “…She followed her heart,” he replied. “Regardless of the consequences.”

“Exactly.” Cesar released his hold on the gun, and Gale placed it back within his hip holster. “She did what she wanted to do for once in her life. Something that you should be doing. How much longer do you think you can keep this up?” Cesar’s words struck a chord in Gale’s heart; Hayden and Ethan had said the same thing to him months ago. “Haven’t you done enough, Gale? Yuri isn’t going to wait forever. And you know as well as I do that she will not hold back if she has to face you as an enemy.”

Gale reached for his wallet. “How much do I owe you?”

✯✯✯ 

Gale’s heart was as heavy as his feet as he took the steps that led him out of Cesar’s underground weapons’ shop. He knew that Cesar had a point. As did Hayden and Ethan. And even Liam Michaelis.

But he could not abandon Hiram and Marcus. 

Even still…

Gale froze near the top of the stairs as he detected a presence hidden behind the wall, and he reached for his gun, not drawing it out as of yet. “Who’s there?” he demanded.

There was silence for several moments before a voice spoke, “Gale.”

Gale’s gray eyes widened; he recognised that voice.

“…Yuri?”

“Don’t move.” Yuri spoke; almost like she could read his mind even as Gale’s foot hovered above the step above him. Gale bit his bottom lip, unsure why he felt as if his heart was breaking. “We’ve decided.” Gale looked at the open entrance that lead to the streets, knowing that Yuri was just a hairbreadth away. “Two weeks. It will be entirely your choice to help us or not. It’s your last chance to back out, Gale. If you continue sticking with Hiram, the Effendi and the Royal City regardless of your true feelings, you’ll be treated as a traitor and an enemy. And know that I will not stay my hand once the time comes. Pick your path, Gale.”

“Yuri—”

Gale scaled the last three steps easily; but when he reached the top and emerged out into the Solaris streets, there wasn’t a soul in sight. 

The air was frigid and felt almost lonely. Gale only wished that he couldn’t feel anything at all.

✯✯✯ 

“Are you sure about this?” Soma asked Yuri even as they got into the car to take them back to the safe house. How Yuri knew that Gale would be heading into Solaris was a mystery even to Alec; though most assumed that Yuri must’ve had a few spies in Solaris, especially after Yuri and Hayden’s close shave with Ezekiel and the Pursuer Unit.

“I cannot force him to come with me if he doesn’t want to.” Yuri stated defensively as she started the engine.

In the passenger seat, Soma could only stare at Yuri incredulously. Seriously? Anyone with eyes could tell that Gale was at his breaking point. The guy probably didn’t even know what he wanted. If Yuri just asks him to…

Honestly, those two were so alike. And yet…

“You both are goddamned morons, you know that?” Soma said harshly as Yuri started stepped down on the accelerator. Yuri’s eyes flickered towards Soma momentarily before turning her attention back to the road. “You both… You always did whatever you want. You both always did things that you think is for the good of the other. Yet you never spared a thought about yourself—or even the people around you. Damn it…” Soma rubbed angry tears away. “Gale is exactly the same way! I never asked him to spare me. I never asked him to hide me. I never asked him to befriend me. And I sure didn’t ask him to break about a dozen laws; including sacrificing his own personal wellbeing just to get people to break me out of prison!” Soma almost shouted the last part as he pounded his fist onto the dashboard. 

Yuri made no indication that she heard him and that those words affected her; save for the slight tensing of her shoulders, and the tightening of her hands on the steering wheel.

“He never asked me what I wanted.” Soma admitted, his voice cracking. “Once upon a time; maybe right after I was imprisoned, I wanted nothing better than to get out just to get another crack at the Effendi. But after two years, it didn’t matter anymore. I still want that man dead. But Gale; my best friend. My brother. His own personal well-being and sanity is what matters more to me now. He never even asked what I wanted when he told me that he’d asked someone to break me out of Sina.”

“He does care about you; as a brother. As a friend. I’d only seen Gale go that far for one person apart from myself.” Yuri said at last. “He was trying to protect you—”

“I’d rather that he just spoke to me about it first before deciding everything for me!” Soma erupted. “That’s what makes me so pissed and frustrated with the pair of you! Everyone can see it! You both…” Soma shook his head, wiping away frustrated tears. “It’s all fine and well that you’re doing this for us. But have you never thought how we might feel if something happens to you?” Yuri’s eyes snapped towards Soma momentarily. “You’re both goddamned matyrs.” Soma let out a bitter chuckle. “Can’t you even spare a thought for yourself just once in your life?”

✯✯✯ 

“Sir, you called for me?” Gale enquired as he entered Hiram’s office. 

The man was seated behind his desk; and for once, there wasn’t any paperwork visible on it. Hiram placed the photo frame he had been holding back onto his desk as Gale entered.

“I did.” Hiram answered, nodding. Gale’s eyes flickered towards the photo frame on Hiram’s desk and back again. “You can sense it too. The underground and the Legion… They’re planning something. And I won’t be surprised if it has something to do with Yuri. Whenever shit happens, it almost always leads back to her.”

Gale scuffed the carpet beneath him with his right foot. “What will you do, sir?” Gale enquired, and Hiram turned sharp, assessing blue eyes back onto him.

“That should be my question to you, Gale.” Hiram responded. Gale looked perplexed. The commander of Dominion sighed. “You and Yuri are like my own children. I watched you grow up. I’m not blind, Gale. The feelings that you had for Yuri and vice versa went over the lines of being mere teammates even when she was still an Enforcer.” Gale fidgeted; he never realised that Hiram had known about it. And here he thought that he had kept it under wraps. “I was surprised when you didn’t leave with her.”

Gale grimaced. “Sir. Commander, I…”

“You’ve done enough for me, Gale.” Hiram stood up from behind his desk. “I cannot ask more of you. I know my sins and I’m prepared for it. Just like Yuri, you’ve spent nearly your entire life in the service of the Effendi.” Hiram made a gesture over his heart. “If you spend your whole life just obeying orders without following your own desires and wishes, you would never be happy.”

Gale reared back as if he’d just been slapped, a stunned expression on his face. Is Hiram truly saying what he is? “Sir—”

“I appreciate your loyalty to me, Gale. But I think it’s Yuri who will need you more now. Do what you believe is right. You are quite possibly…my greatest soldier.” Despite himself, Gale felt a swell of pride with those words. “My greatest student.”

“Sir, do you realise what you’re asking me to do?” Gale asked carefully. This was different from the time Hiram had dropped several large, obvious hints for Gale to assist Yuri, Ethan and Hayden from breaking out of prison. This could be considered treason itself; especially if Yuri was planning what he thought she was.

“I do.” Hiram responded. “There are too many mistakes that I’ve made in regards to you and Yuri. I will not make anymore.” He shook his head. “I’ve ruined enough of both your lives. No more.” He looked at Gale. “Do what you think is right, Gale. Don’t leave behind any regrets.”

✯✯✯ 

Gale spent the rest of the evening in his room, stewing in his thoughts.

Yuri or Hiram, Gale. Who’s more important?

Yuri. Of course it was Yuri. 

Gale had already known the answer the first time Ethan ever posed the question on that day months ago. But Ethan had also been right in calling Gale a damn coward—not wanting to face up to the truth even though it is staring at him in the face.

How much longer do you think you can keep this up?

Gale grimaced. He could understand now why it didn’t take Yuri much to leave the Royal City, with Ethan and Hayden following her. Was this what she had felt once upon a time? And then again, Yuri has never really given the Effendi her loyalty either. If there is anyone whom Yuri had ever pledged her loyalty to, it would be Hiram. 

Gale looked over at his bedside table, then reached to grab the photo frame half-hidden behind the lamp. Cradling the photo, Gale allowed a sad smile to grace his features as he gazed at the picture—an old surveillance snapshot of himself and two others dressed in white frock-like gowns.

“For once in your life, however, I want you to do what you want to do. Follow your own heart and make the decisions that you believe is right.”

Gale looked at the desk in his room where his weapons lay atop the surface, along with a palm-sized hacking device and a portable computer.

His fingers twitched.

✯✯✯ 

The light click-clacking of computer keys were the only sounds that could be heard in the dark office as Gale tapped away on the portable computer. Next to his elbow, the small hacking device hummed with energy.

Every now and again, Gale paused and listened for anyone coming; and he was relieved each time when he neither sensed nor heard anyone.

With his tongue sticking out as he concentrated, Gale typed as fast as he could, downloading the data from Camellia’s computer—detailed and extensive information on guard patrol patterns and the Royal City’s defensive mechanisms. Even passwords of various restricted places within the Royal City were not spared.

Gale’s heart skipped a beat when he caught the faint sound of footsteps approaching, and cussed to himself. He immediately yanked the cable connecting the hacking device to Camellia’s computer and turned off the monitor before ducking beneath the desk, hugging his portable computer to his chest, pulling the chair in as far as it would go; hoping that Camellia wouldn’t need to use her computer for anything.

And not a moment too soon, as the door to the office opened and the lights turned on.

“That’s insane!” Gale recognised the voice of the speaker; Irvin, the head of the Pursuer Unit and also Camellia’s second-in-command. 

“Then do you have a better idea, Irvin?” Camellia sounded thoroughly irritated. Footsteps headed towards the large ornate bookshelf in the corner, and there was the sound of papers flipping.

“Camellia, if you do that, that would mean—”

“I know!” Camellia snapped. She was silent for several moments. “But it’s the only choice we have. We can’t let this continue any further, Irvin. You know that. Will you stand with me?”

“I’ll be with you, Camellia. Always.” Irvin sounded particularly solemn. He then sighed. “Then I guess it means I’ll get Hayden once the time comes?” Gale barely managed to restrain a gasp. “And you do realise, of course, that if it ever comes down to it, we cannot afford to hold back against them? They’ll slaughter us if we do.”

“Yes, I know.” Camellia sighed. Footsteps walked towards the direction of the door. “Come on. Let’s go. I’ve got what we need.”

A pause.

“What’s wrong?”

“It’s nothing.” Camellia sounded suspicious even as the lights of the office were turned off. “I thought I smelt a rat for a moment.”

Gale let out a breath that he hadn’t realised he’d been holding in when both Irvin and Camellia left, and he couldn’t sense or hear them any longer. When Yuri had told him a long time ago that underestimating Camellia Faylan was a mistake that most wouldn’t make twice, Gale hadn’t thought much about it.

But now, he could readily admit that he hadn’t given his old partner’s judgment of people any credit. 

✯✯✯ 

There wasn’t much that could surprise Yuri.

So when Alec and Nicholas returned to the safe house a week before their operation after a visit to Solaris to meet with Cesar, it barely rendered Yuri speechless when they handed her what Cesar had handed to them.

 “It’s why Cesar called us out there. He said that Gale handed it to him three days ago and asked him to pass it onto you. He seemed to be in a bit of a rush when he did though, according to Cesar.”

“Yuri, what are those?” Liam enquired, peering over his twin’s shoulder at the portable computer that they’re all standing around. Numbers, diagrams and letters scrolled across the screen, making little sense to him at all. But judging from their expressions, it made a whole lot of sense to Yuri, Alec and Natasha.

“Detailed maps and blueprints of literally every entrance and passageway in and out of the Royal City; that they know of, anyway.” Alec was the one to answer; and he had a grim smile on his face. “Guard patrol patterns of the Guard, Jaeger and even Dominion’s regular forces. Passcodes and passwords to bypass even the most restricted places in the Royal City. Defense mechanisms that the Royal City had in case of an invasion. Information that we’ve been after for years now.”

“If anyone had found out, Gale’s head would be on the chopping board!” Yuri sounded almost amazed at what her old partner had done and risked. “This is treason.” And Yuri seriously doubted that Hiram had no knowledge of it.

“Then it seems like he’s made his decision.” Liam smiled. He looked at his twin who smiled back; that smile seemed a lot lighter than Liam was used to seeing whenever Yuri gave one of her rare smiles. “Right?”

“Right.” Yuri echoed her twin’s sentiments. “Gale has just handed us the information that we need. It’ll be easier to find the cracks and weaknesses in their systems now.” She looked from face to face. 

“When I made my attempt on the Effendi’s life, there were only guards as defence around the palace perimeter.” Soma volunteered that information.

It was Hayden that shook his head, his face grave. All those formerly in the Effendi’s service had the same expression. Yuri for one looked particularly grim.

“The Effendi doesn’t make the same mistake twice.” Hayden explained. “Even if he didn’t, you can bet that Camellia would have added layers of additional security to prevent another assassination attempt.”

“But with the information that Gale has provided, it’ll be easier to bypass the palace defenses that no doubt would take even Yuri hours to hack.” Ethan added. “All this information…” He shook his head in disbelief. “There’s no way that Hiram wouldn’t have known about it. He must have given Gale access to the map archives at least.”

“Does this mean we can expect support from Dominion?” Natasha enquired hopefully, but had her hopes dashed when Yuri shook her head.

“No, I don’t think so.” Yuri said. “If anything, the only person from Dominion we can expect to be on our side is Gale. Dominion has a duty to the Effendi. Hiram will do his duty as the commander by defending the capital city from invaders and attackers. Marcus will likely support him.”

“We can’t fight him.” Ethan concluded heavily, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Hiram knows what we’re capable of. Furthermore, I don’t trust my chances at victory against him; not when I couldn’t even defeat Gale or Yuri. And I honestly doubt that even Gale and Yuri combined can even land a hit on Hiram Georges. He’s Dominion’s commander for a reason.” He pointed out.

“We’ll leave him to my dad.” Joshua spoke up, his face solemn, arms crossed over his chest. “We’ll be meeting to go over the plan for a final time anyway, right?” He looked at Yuri who nodded. “It won’t be just us and whoever we managed to recruit for this operation. The whole Legion will be included. I’m not sure about the commander, but I’m sure my dad can take on the commander of Dominion in a fight.”

“I’m…not so sure about his chances of victory, Joshua.” Karen spoke uneasily. “Hiram Georges is the top soldier in the nation for a reason.” She echoed Ethan’s words from earlier.

Joshua shook his head stubbornly. “Dad says he has a plan.”

Yuri stared at Joshua for a long time without speaking before looking at Liam and he shrugged. “Fine, if you say so,” she said at last. “That’s all on my end. Alec?”

Alec shrugged. “Nothing notable to add. Just that the underground people are all ready to mobilise with a word from us.”

“All right.” Natasha nodded. She looked at Liam who smiled at her uneasily, and she returned his smile with one of her own. “We’ll keep in touch with the usual channels. And don’t worry; we won’t back out of this. The Commander himself threatened to execute anyone stupid enough to turn traitor.”

Liam and Yuri exchanged quick looks.

“We’ll be heading back to headquarters then.” Joshua announced tiredly. “Don’t do anything stupid, Liam.” He warned, and Liam rolled his eyes with annoyance. 

Yuri watched as Liam walked his Legion buddies towards the door to see them off, exchanging some heated words with his best friend. She then glanced at Leticia who had been watching her; so unlike the others in the room who were more interested in watching the banter going on amongst the Legion agents.

Leticia looked surprised when Yuri gestured with her eyes towards the stairs, and she nodded.

✯✯✯ 

“…I see. So that’s your Plan B.” Leticia murmured nearly an hour later in the room allotted as the safe house’s unofficial infirmary. She made a show of examining the medical supplies in the room to keep her hands busy. 

Yuri, leaning against one of the tables in the corner with her arms crossed over her chest, nodded, staring at Leticia with a heavy heart. She told herself that this was a necessary contingency. That perhaps this backup plan of hers might not even be needed. But if it did—if there was an off chance that all her backup plans would come into play…

“I have C too if needed. But I’m hoping it won’t come to that.” Yuri spoke quietly. “We’ve seen enough conflicts to last us a lifetime. C will just draw this out longer.” She pinched the bridge of her nose. “Funny thing for a soldier to say; but I’m kind of sick of war and fighting at this point.”

“I don’t blame you.” Leticia said at once. “Giles said once that the best service a soldier can render for their country is to make sure that their skills are never called upon. You’re doing the best you can for your country, Yuri. Never forget that.”

Yuri bit back the retort on her tongue. When had Adaytren ever been her country? She let out a sigh. “Leticia, you don’t have to do this if you don’t want to. The chances of your survival…” Yuri trailed off before letting out another sigh. “Look, let’s be honest. If it ever comes down to the point where you’re needed, you aren’t going to survive. I know this. You know this. This is a suicide mission. If you would rather not take it, I’ll come up with another plan even if I have to stew over it for another week—”

Leticia shook her head, heading Yuri off of whatever that she is about to say. “I’m doing this, and you have no need to feel any guilt whatsoever,” she said firmly. “I’m not going to miss out on my chance to take Ezekiel out. That man is much more dangerous than the Effendi and Camellia Faylan combined. Don’t worry about it so much, Yuri. If it comes down to it, I’ll take care of him. You have other things to worry about. I was a former undercover operative.” Leticia added, her eyes having a faraway look within them. “I can handle myself. I do not fear death.”

Yuri remembered hearing something along those lines from Camellia once when she was training under that woman. “You were one of Camellia’s best operatives before you left Jaeger’s service to be a mere trainer.”

Leticia gave a tight nod. “I don’t regret that decision,” she said firmly. “I wasn’t allowed to leave the Effendi’s service, like all soldiers, so I did the next best thing.”

“Will you tell Giles?” Yuri changed the topic quickly; back to Leticia’s ‘mission’.

“No.” Leticia shook her head. “I am content enough to see him for the last time before I die; a chance I never thought I’d have. It’s the same reason why you and Gale have placed your personal feelings and problems on hold—because you both know that there are bigger things to be worried about.”

Yuri was about to say something before she let out a gasp as she felt like the wind had just been knocked out of her and hunched over, gasping to breathe as the familiar tremors wrecked through her body.

With a shaking hand, she reached toward the pouch by her side, but Leticia was already on the move. The older woman had grabbed a pack lying on the table in front of her and took one of the needles from within it.

“Here.” Leticia was quick to reach Yuri, grasping her arm and pushing up the jacket sleeve and injecting the golden fluid. It took several moments before the medication took hold and the tremors stopped, but Yuri could still feel the after-effects of the pain.

“Thanks…” Yuri murmured as Leticia slipped the needle out from her flesh, disposing it into the wastepaper bin in a corner.

Leticia said nothing for several moments as she returned to the table she was at several moments earlier. “How much more time do you have left?” She wanted to know. She hadn’t heard the familiar beep of Yuri’s watch, so it couldn’t have been twelve hours since the last shot.

“I don’t know.” Yuri admitted. “I might not even have months left at this rate. I know my own body.” She added. Seeing Leticia about to argue, Yuri cut her off, “Don’t. I know what you’re going to say. You will need me against the Effendi or Camellia, and in the worst case scenario, against Hiram or even Marcus. Ethan and Hayden can’t beat them.”

“Do they know?” Leticia wanted to know. “Ethan and Hayden? And Liam? Alec? Gale?”

“Maybe.” Yuri shrugged. “I hadn’t exactly been trying to keep it a secret from them. I just…haven’t exactly been telling them the full truth, that’s all.”

“Yuri—”

“I know. I know.” Yuri grumbled. She worried at her bottom lip. “If we make it out alive against the Effendi, I’ll tell them.” Leticia nodded, knowing that that is the best she can get from Yuri. “I was never really afraid to die, you know? Hiram taught me, Gale, Ethan and Hayden the same thing. I’ve never once forgotten it. It is what kept me alive until now. ‘You don’t have to survive to complete a mission if it is important enough. And if you have to die, make damn sure that you aren’t the only one going’.” Yuri recited the words all but drilled into her head. “I was once one of them—a Dominion Enforcer whether I like it or not. I will not give up. Until my body can move no more, and until the bitter end, I will not give in.”

✯✯✯ 

“We overheard you and Leticia talking,” was the first thing out of Ethan’s mouth when he and Hayden both approached Yuri later as she sat out by the lake, watching the inky waters. Liam was visibly seated at the safehouse doorway, but far away enough to not overhear them. Ethan pointed at his right ear when Yuri raised an eyebrow. “Enhanced hearing, remember?”

“I forgot.” Yuri admitted. Ethan and Hayden were so normal most of the time that she sometimes forgot that they’d been genetically enhanced as well. Unlike her and Gale however, the effects weren’t as obvious with them. At least until one crossed blades with Hayden in battle. “How…much did you overhear?”

“About your backup plan.” Hayden answered, and Ethan nodded.

Yuri’s shoulders relaxed a little; relieved that they hadn’t caught the latter part of her conversation with Leticia. If Ethan and Hayden, or Alec and Liam had to know about it, she’d rather tell them on her own terms.

“I see.” Yuri murmured, turning her gaze back towards the waters of the lake where she could see the reflection of the billions of stars in the black velvet sky. “Then is there anything you both want to say to me?”

Ethan and Hayden both looked at her in surprise. “No?”

“Really?” Yuri turned towards them. “Maybe something along the lines of ‘Yuri, you are acting like a heartless bitch’.” She let out a bitter laugh. “Maybe all my enemies have it right after all; that I’m no different from the Effendi and his puppets.”

“What I think, Yuri, is that you’re acting like a leader.” Hayden said solemnly, and Ethan nodded his agreement. “This is war. There are times when we have to treat people as chess pieces on a board rather than actual human beings. How many times have we seen Hiram do the same thing?”

“Too many times to count.” Yuri tilted her head backwards to look at the skies. She raised her left hand above her, peering through the gaps between her fingers to look at the stars blinking back. “Back then, I never said much; but I didn’t like it whenever Hiram did that; treating our soldiers—particularly the regular forces—as expendable. It’s exactly the same way that Camellia did things. But now I can understand why he did such a thing.” She shook her head at her own previous naivety. “I was a damn fool.”

“Would things be better if you stopped now?” Ethan questioned reasonably.

Yuri weighed all the what-ifs before she shook her head. “No, they wouldn’t be,” she admitted. “Maybe in the short term, but in the long term…”

“Exactly.” Ethan nodded. “None of us are doing this because we want to, but because we know that it’s needed in order to save whatever’s left of Adaytren that we can salvage. Trust me on this, Yuri,” He added, massaging his temples, “We’re going to have countless problems after this from other nations, assuming that we survive.”

Yuri nodded. “If other nations invade us after this, we’ll be ripe for the picking.” She sighed. 

“You did what you had to do, and you know that. None of our hands are clean.” Hayden said forcefully. “In a war, there are no good people. Only survivors.” His shoulders slumped, as he stared at the dark waters. “Did I ever tell you both how I wound up in the Academy to begin with?” Hayden asked suddenly.

“Not really beyond the bits and pieces.” Ethan answered, and Yuri nodded. “I heard from Marcus once that one of the Effendi’s lieutenants found you amongst the war-trodden streets as a young child.”

“Yeah.” Hayden nodded. “My first memory is of wars and battlefields. Makes no difference these days. Everywhere in Adaytren is a battlefield.” He added. “I grew up near the borders where the guerrilla groups are constantly fighting against each other. Deaths and chaos surrounded me for as long as I could remember. One of the lieutenants picked me up, tossed me straight into training, and then before I knew it, I was in the Academy learning how to kill. Despite everything that happened, I don’t regret anything.” Hayden insisted, looking straight at Yuri. “I will make the same decision all over again if I have to. And I know that all the others would say the same thing.”

Yuri stared at Hayden for a long time without saying anything before she turned away. “Let’s head back in. We have a lot to do tomorrow.”

Liam was waiting by the door for them when the trio returned, almost glaring at Ethan and Hayden. “What did you say to her?” he accused, looking from Yuri to Hayden and Ethan.

Ethan was taken aback for a moment, seeing the accusing look in almost familiar eyes—Yuri’s eyes. It made him feel, for a moment, that it was Yuri glaring at him, not Liam. “Just what she needs to hear,” he said at last.






20

THE LAST STAND


“Death is not the biggest fear we have; our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive—the risk to be alive and express what we really are.” - Don Miguel Ruiz

✯✯✯ 

It almost feels like déjà vu, Yuri thought to herself as the scenery flashed past her. How many times had she taken this route when returning to the Royal City from some mission back when she was still an active Enforcer?

Today will be the day—the day when they’d take Adaytren back.

Right at that moment, Yuri knew that the others would be carrying out their own roles in this plan to retake the Royal City. The underground would have the most dangerous role in the beginning, as the ones entering the Royal City via the secret passageways to create as much ruckus as possible to draw attention away from the rest of them as they entered the capital city.

Surprisingly enough, when Yuri had first walked all of them through the plan step-by-step, the underground people didn’t mind in the least. All of them knew what they were getting themselves into when they first agreed to the temporary alliance. And they were willing to trust in a plan created by the Black Fang herself, in the hope that doing so could give them back their freedom and from the Effendi’s clutches.

Yuri fiddled with the leather bracelet around her left wrist; wearing it for the first time since she’d left the Royal City. From the driver’s seat, Liam’s eyes flickered towards her before focusing back onto the road.

“…One day, I’ll remember.” Yuri said suddenly, looking out of the window. “The good and the bad. Those that survived. And those that did not.” She paused for several moments, recalling her time in the Royal City. “Back then, everyone I saw was the same way.” Yuri let out a bitter chuckle. “Everyone had something they were drunk on. It was what kept them moving. They were all slaves to something. All of them.” Yuri finally tore her eyes away from the scenery outside to look at her twin momentarily. “Even us.”

Liam winced.

“You going to tell me what’s going on now?” Liam asked. “You’ve been acting weird for a while.”

Yuri shook her head. “It’s nothing,” she insisted.

“I’m your brother.” Liam countered. “I know I haven’t exactly been in your life for long, but I know when you’re lying.”

Yuri said nothing for several moments. “If I make it out alive,” she said, “I’ll tell you everything. No more lies. No more half-truths.”

Liam tightened his grip over the steering wheel with those words. “What do you mean, if you make it out alive?” he questioned dangerously. “You’re not going to throw your life away!”

Yuri shook her head. “I might not have a choice,” she said. “This is war, Liam. You’re a Legion agent. A high-ranked one at that. You’re not as naïve as to believe that people won’t die during war.”

Liam’s fingers turned white from gripping the steering wheel. “You promised.” Liam sounded almost desperate. “You said you wouldn’t die. I didn’t spend ten years searching for you only to have you be taken from me because of this fucking war.” Liam said forcefully, quickly blinking away tears. “This war has taken enough from me. I won’t let it take you too.” His eyes flickered towards Yuri and back to the road again.

“…I’ll do what I can. But I’m making no promises.” Yuri said at last. 

Liam chewed at his bottom lip. “That’s all that I’m asking,” he said at last, and Yuri gave a weak smile. He released his left hand from the steering wheel, reaching to the pack lying between the twins. When his hand closed over a familiar-feeling item, he drew it out and handed it to Yuri. The item turned out to be a portable video recorder—something issued to all high ranked Legion agents. “Tell your story. If we both make it out alive, I’ll make sure that it gets out to the world. So that future generations wouldn’t make the same mistake.”

Yuri gave a weak smile. She recognised the scenery and the familiar landmarks flying past them, indicating they were about thirty minutes away from the Royal City. She sent off a quick message to Alec and Ethan.

It didn’t take Yuri long to figure out how to operate the portable video recorder. Dominion issued similar devices to their Enforcers as well—especially if they were sent on recon missions.

Yuri held the recorder in front of her, having already pushed the record button. “I used to work for the Effendi as one of Dominion’s agents,” she begun, feeling rather foolish at speaking to a machine. “But before that, I was one of the candidates for the Specialised Soldier Program—a program designed to create the ultimate soldier. And now, I’m back in the place where it all began. This will be the last stand. A final battle for Adaytren’s freedom. Win or lose, we’re betting everything on this.” Yuri breathed. “My name is Yuri—”

Next to her, Liam tuned out the rest of his twin’s words, focusing on the task at hand, and running his mind through the plan of what they must do once they’re in the Royal City itself. Whether they like it or not, many people are going to die in this battle. Thus, they cannot afford to lose.

For this is it. The last battle. The final stance. A fight for Adaytren’s freedom.

Liam tightened his grip on the steering wheel, stepping down further onto the accelerator.

For you, Dad.

They’re ending everything today.

✯✯✯ 

It had started off as a quiet afternoon.

Soldiers on patrol were carrying out their duties, the Effendi was in his office with Camellia, and civilians were in their respective homes. Even Hiram was passing by the hours, safe in his office.

But even though things seemed to be quiet and peaceful on the surface, the fates had got something completely different in mind.

The very earth reverberated in a wave of motion, shaking and quivering as if an earthquake had risen without warning. There was absolute silence for a few seconds. And as quickly as the silence had begun, it shattered with the sound of explosions and gunfire.

The Royal City woke to the sudden disruption as the alarms started blaring. 

Several soldiers—most fresh graduates from the Military Academy—were immediately gunned down by the rebels that had gained entry into the Royal City without anyone detecting them.

Explosions started occurring simultaneously around the capital, taking out the most important buildings — the communications tower, the Guard headquarters, and the armoury.

The buildings crumpled like sand, with large debris crashing to the ground amidst the screams from the civilians. Several unlucky soldiers, who were trying to put out the flames, were unfortunately crushed by some of the larger pieces of falling concrete.

Buildings weren’t the only things to fall in the Royal City however; power lines were also amongst the first things to fall. The emergency generators, quick to turn on with the failure of the main lights, only offered power to the Palace and Dominion headquarters. The rest of the capital city would be thrown into complete darkness once night fell.

“Underground scum.” The soldier had an ugly scowl on his face as he pointed his rifle at the man standing before him, wearing a triumphant smirk. 

“We’re not really the ones you have to be worried about.” The man said cheerfully, almost as if he didn’t have a rifle pointed at him, twirling his dagger about in his right hand before pointing the sharp end at the soldier. His smile turned cold. “We aren’t doing this without a reason and without a plan. If I have to die, so be it. At least I’ll go down fighting.” And before the stunned soldier could react, the man moved with lightning speed, and easily slit the soldier’s throat with his dagger. “For Adaytren!”

A chorus of cheers went up from his comrades as they delved straight into the fray.

For Adaytren.

✯✯✯ 

Yuri hung on for dear life as Liam stepped on the accelerator, pushing the car to its limit. Just behind them, Yuri could hear tires screeching, and knew that the others would be quick to move in to back them up once they’d done their part.

“Hang on, Yuri! We’re making contact in three minutes!” Liam commented, his mouth twisted in a grim line as he tightened his hands around the steering wheel, turning his knuckles white. 

Yuri released the safety on her gun by flicking it with her thumb before leaning out of the side window as the first sights of the Royal City came into view. She flinched as the strong winds blew past her.

She didn’t let up, however, firing her gun at the soldiers that she could see around the main gates as they approached. The five bullets she fired hit their mark, and Yuri drew herself back into the car.

“Full throttle!” Yuri told her twin, changing the magazines of her gun out. “Let’s get there and wreck some havoc.”

Liam grinned. “On it!”

The tires screeched and protested as Liam pushed the car past the limits as they approached the black metal gates of the Royal City. Whatever soldiers that were still alive had scattered like dominoes the moment they saw the car approaching and didn’t let up in the least.

The gates loomed closer and closer.

Yuri screwed her eyes shut, bracing for impact.

With an ear-shattering crash of metal on metal, Yuri felt the car ram straight into the metal gates of the Royal City, that for years had been said to be indestructible.

Yuri felt her whole body lurch forwards with the impact; but the car didn’t stop. Liam stepped down further on the accelerator, turning the steering wheel around so that the car made a full three-sixty turn just as they passed the entrance of the capital city.

Liam and Yuri flung open the doors and started firing at the soldiers they could see. With every bullet released from the gun, a soldier went down.

Finally, the car came to a screeching halt. 

All was not silent, however. Right behind them, various other trucks and cars came barrelling through the opened gates.

“…Home sweet home.” Yuri murmured, stepping out of the car and readying her weapons.

✯✯✯ 

In his office, Hiram Georges closed the book that he had been reading, ignoring the blaring alarms and the shouts echoing from below within the streets of the Royal City.

“It’s Yuri.” He murmured to himself, finally looking up and around his office. “They’re here. It’s begun.”

* * * *

Alec cussed to himself as yet another wave of Guards surrounded him and his group. He was already covered in blood, and more than one member of his group was already tired from fighting them off.

Alec dodged the bullet of a particularly ferocious Guard and aimed his gun and shot three rounds into the soldier and the two others behind him. All three of them fell, sending the rest of the surrounding soldiers into a frenzy.

Alec sneered. Yuri was spot on, it seemed. And so was Gale. 

The training for these idiots was worthless. The military had really gone downhill in the last few years thanks to their own ego and confidence in their own power. Little wonder that Yuri and the others had so little trouble wrecking as much havoc as they had for the past year.

Nicholas and Lesley’s group were picking off soldiers easily, and Alec had both seen and heard another explosion go off in the direction of Karen and Kara, which lifted his spirits even higher. So far, the odds were in their favour. But there were still a lot of soldiers to fight, and the last part of the plan really depended on Yuri’s group. Alec tried to not to let his hopes get up too high.

Alec let out a breath and gave a start as a green flare was shot into the sky. 

‘Good luck, Yuri.’ Alec sent up a silent prayer for Yuri and the others to succeed and get back alive.

He ducked as a bullet grazed past his ear, and scowled at the soldier that had fired that bullet. Alec readied his gun again.

He’d keep moving, no matter what. He’d keep fighting.

✯✯✯ 

“Yuri, look out!”

Yuri turned, startled, only to see a nearby soldier pointing his rifle at her. He never got the chance to fire that shot; he slumped to the ground, dead. Behind him stood Ethan, grasping his red-stained sword. Hayden stood back-to-back with him, with a handgun in his right hand.

“We have to move now.” Ethan told Yuri, who nodded her agreement.

She raised her gun and shot a soldier approaching Hayden’s unguarded side. Yuri immediately placed her gun back within its holster and looked towards Liam who had just cut down another soldier. Blood stained his cheek and clothes. Not far away, Yuri spotted Soma, who had been amongst the group that had entered the Royal City right after Liam and Yuri broke through the gates.

“Liam! Soma!” Yuri called out as she fired a green flare into the sky. Most of the members of the resistance carried one just for this mission. “We have to go!”

✯✯✯ 

The route that they took to the palace was one that Yuri was familiar with, and yet, they met little resistance along the way. Most soldiers were out on the streets of the capital city, and whatever few that have remained behind were no match for their little group of five.

“Seems almost nostalgic.” Ethan said, voicing the thoughts of both Yuri and Hayden. “Three years since we’ve been back here. Never thought I’d ever see myself doing this when I first signed on at the Academy.”

“Do you regret it?” Yuri asked as she increased her speed and stepped up to the gigantic white elaborate-looking double doors of the palace, complete with lion head knockers, before pushing one open.

“No.” Ethan answered, even as he followed Yuri in. The others, who had been unusually silent the entire way, followed after.

The moment they were inside the palace, with the door closing shut behind them with an ominous bang, all five of them froze in their tracks. Standing in the middle of the spacious hallway were eight soldiers all dressed in Jaeger Unit uniforms. The black emblem of a jaguar on their right shoulders made it plain they were from the Pursuer Division.

Soma narrowed his eyes. “I wondered when this would happen. Didn’t think we’ll run right into them the moment we are in though,” he remarked, one hand on the gun by his hip. “What should we do, Yuri?”

Hayden closed his eyes briefly. “Figures,” he murmured before stepping out before his friends. “I didn’t think we’d run right into your squad right off the bat though, Lieutenant.” He addressed the tall man standing at the fore of the group. Hayden glanced over his shoulder momentarily at his friends before turning his attention back to the squad of soldiers standing in their way. “Sorry guys. I’ll be the one taking them on.”

“Hayden Ashford.” Irvin greeted. “It’s been a while. You did make quite a rep for yourself as an Enforcer. And then a different sort of reputation when you joined Blade.”

Liam made to move, but Yuri grabbed his arm and stopped him in his tracks. His sister had a grim expression on her face, but she made no move to stop Hayden. Neither did any of the others. Reluctantly, Liam backed down and followed their lead.

“So you did betray Jaeger and the Effendi after all, Hayden.” One of the Pursuers sneered. “You should have known better than to show your face around the Royal City again, especially after what you’ve done.”

“You’ve got another thing coming if you think that I’ve ever given either the Effendi or Camellia my loyalty.” Hayden sneered. As one, the Pursuers pointed their rifles at Hayden once more, but he didn’t give any outward reaction to it. “I’m not about to say it’s wrong. You’re loyal to Camellia and the Effendi—just like how I choose to follow Yuri. The Effendi and his ideals aren’t what I want to protect and fight for, however. I have no desire to fight for a man who is more interested in plunging this entire nation straight into Hell. So come on then. Let’s go!” Hayden held his fists up. “Let’s see if you lot can do what only Yuri and Gale have been able to do—beat me in straight combat. I’ll take all of you on!” Hayden proclaimed. “None of you are leaving this place alive!”

“Wait, what?”

“This is crazy, Hayden!” Soma protested. “You can’t take the Jaeger Unit on by yourself! We’ll help—”

“No.” Hayden cut him off. “You have a much more important job to do. Yuri, please.” He looked at her momentarily before tearing his eyes away to focus on the Pursuers. “I’ll catch up. I promise.”

Yuri, seeing something in Hayden that the others didn’t, nodded. “Stay alive, Hayden,” she said. “Let’s go.”

The remaining three hesitated, but followed Yuri after a moment. The Pursuers seemed ready to go after them, but something in Hayden’s eyes and threatening stance stopped them from doing so.

“Of course.” Hayden murmured in response to Yuri’s comment, even as the group of four disappeared down the hallway and around a corner. He tightened the straps of the gloves around his hands, a cold smirk tugging at the ends of his lips as he looked from face to face. “For once, I don’t have to hold my strength back.” He shifted his right leg behind him as he dropped into a combat stance. “Right?”

✯✯✯ 

Sparks flew as the sound of metal on metal rang out again and again.

Sigmund breathed heavily, wiping away the sweat that had pooled around his chin, adjusting his grip on his sword as he did so. He looked across at his opponent as the sounds of combat and screams and gunfire resounded around them.

“I see that Yuri and the others weren’t exaggerating in the least when they called you Adaytren’s strongest soldier, and that even they couldn’t hope to beat you.” Sigmund commented through huffs and pants. “Hiram Georges.”

Hiram stood across from Sigmund, his face expressionless. And in a stark contrast to Sigmund, he looked unruffled and clean as a whistle.

“It’s been more than twenty years, Lestat.” Hiram commented. “Honestly, I didn’t think you were still alive.”

“Well, I am.” Sigmund spat, his heart clenching as he recalled the last time he and Johan last met Hiram as teenagers, and how they tried to convince him to leave the Effendi’s service. “You should have listened back then, Hiram. We told you what would happen if you stayed.”

“I made my choice back then in the same way you and Johan both made yours.”

“Then was it also your choice to destroy the life of Johan’s daughter?” Sigmund snapped. For the first time since their battle started, Hiram reeled back. “There’s no way you wouldn’t know who Yuri was! Why didn’t you let Johan know, at least?”

“As difficult as it might be for you to believe, Sigmund, I didn’t know of Yuri’s existence until she was about ten.” Hiram answered curtly. “The Effendi kept all information about Yuri to himself and his closest confidantes. By the time I even knew of her, she was already almost moulded perfectly into the Effendi’s ideal soldier. The only thing I could have done for her was to get her out of the situation that she’d found herself in.”

“Then why didn’t you tell Johan? You’re Dominion’s commander; you know how to find him—”

“Johan was already dead.” Hiram interrupted. “I heard rumours at that time that you were killed as well, but I see that it isn’t true. Who else was I supposed to approach? And at that time, I didn’t know that Johan had another kid!” He looked at Sigmund. “I don’t intend to deny the mistakes that I’ve made regarding both Yuri and Gale. But I am still Dominion’s commander. And I have a duty to this country.”

Sigmund closed his eyes briefly. So it’s come to this then. Forgive me, Johan. Yuri… I might have no other choice in this.

“So it’s come to this.” Sigmund echoed his thoughts. “Are you for real, Hiram? Is the Effendi truly worth your protection? Your loyalty? A man like him? Is he truly for the good of Adaytren?”

Sigmund barely managed to bring his sword up in time to guard against Hiram’s attack. Even still, a deep slash appeared on his cheek as his arms groaned against Hiram’s monstrous strength.

“No.” Hiram growled, much to Sigmund’s surprise. “He is not worth it. But I’ve told you before—” Hiram dodged out of the way of Sigmund’s sword strike and swung his sword so quickly towards Sigmund that both his sword and arm only appeared as a blur. Sigmund let out a gasp as he twisted away from a fatal stab, escaping with a sliced abdomen. “Dominion’s duty will always be to this nation itself, regardless of who the leader is. I have a duty to safeguard this land and the capital city. Even from you.”

“Despite knowing what we’re here for?” Sigmund snapped, swinging his sword towards Hiram who merely brought his sword up to block it. “You know what the Effendi is doing! You’ve never agreed with it! I don’t know Yuri that well. But I do know for a fact that if there’s anyone that she has given her loyalty to, it will be you.”

Only the slight widening of Hiram’s eyes gave away his surprise and unease. Just a brief moment where Hiram was caught off-guard. That one moment that gave Sigmund the opening he needed.

Sigmund didn’t waste a beat; he immediately shot forward like a bullet, adjusting his grip on his sword. Before Hiram could recover from his surprise, Sigmund swung his sword with all his might, knocking Hiram’s sword from his hand and positioning the blade’s tip at Hiram’s neck.

Sigmund breathed heavily, never taking his eyes off Hiram. He hadn’t honestly expected a victory when he had expressed his wish to take on Hiram Georges.

Hiram let out a hiss as the fingers of his right hand twitched and his left hand clenched at the wrist bones of his right. “Showing pity to your enemy…” Hiram rasped, looking at where his sword had fallen a distance away, then back towards Sigmund who had removed the sword at his neck. “It’s pretty insulting.”

“Right back at you.” Sigmund retorted, resisting the urge to just fall to the ground. “You could have killed me easily. Why didn’t you?”

“Because I’m tired of it.” Hiram admitted at last. “All these senseless deaths. You and Johan were both right. I do regret it, in a way, but I do not regret staying on as Dominion’s commander. And now that it’s come to this…” Hiram looked at Sigmund. “Fulfil your duty as part of Legion, Sigmund. Kill me.”

Sigmund shook his head slowly. “No.”

“No?”

“No. I won’t kill you.” Sigmund said, sheathing his sword. “Adaytren has seen enough bloodshed to last us a lifetime, and there might be more to come after this is all over. Besides, Yuri would never forgive me. I don’t know her as well as you do, but I do know that much at least.” A sad smile tugged at the edges of Sigmund’s lips. “You’re not the only one who’s sinned when it comes to those two. Like so many others, I’ve failed both of them in more ways than I can count. This…is the least that I can do to make up for what I did.” Sigmund wiped his sweat-soaked bangs out of his eyes. “I don’t want you to die, Hiram. Because when this is all over, we’re going to need you and your expertise. And I want you to face your sins and face the punishment. We can leave the rest to the kids. It’s what they came here for.”

Sigmund looked towards the palace—vaguely visible now that night had begun to fall, as one of the few buildings in the Royal City with access to the backup generator.

“They’re not really kids anymore.” Hiram responded. “They haven’t been for a long time, even before they even took up their first weapon.”

Sigmund sighed. “Yeah, I know.”

Hiram looked towards the palace in the same manner as Sigmund, and a muscle in his cheek twitched. He couldn’t—wouldn’t stop the Effendi because of his own vows and his duty as Dominion’s commander. But Yuri… She might just be able to. 

She had the strength to do what he never had the courage to—defy the Effendi.

“Stop him, Yuri.” Hiram murmured. “Save Adaytren.” 

✯✯✯ 

There was a grunt and a loud crash as the body of a Pursuer was thrown into the wall, leaving behind hairline cracks.

Hayden dodged another bullet and kicked out towards the nearest Pursuer, sending them flying. Hayden breathed heavily, glaring at the remaining soldiers through his sweat soaked bangs.

“Looks like you’ve learned some new tricks since your time with us before we packed you off to the Academy.” One of the Pursuers commented, eyeing the numerous deep wounds visible on Hayden’s body. When Hayden made no motion that he’d even heard those words, the Pursuer scowled, “When did your duty become less important?”

“I stopped being your spy a long time ago.” Hayden breathed heavily, wiping away the sweat pooling around his chin. “I stopped being your spy when Ethan, Yuri and Gale accepted me without a second thought. I stopped being one when Dominion were the only ones to treat me as a human being, and not as a weapon.” Hayden ignored the pain throbbing throughout his entire body. “We’re not done yet, are we? Come on!” Hayden clenched his hands into fists and dropped into a combat stance again. “Until one side falls dead!”

“Don’t hold back, Hayden. Come at me with everything you got. The enemy won’t hold back just because you look like a kid, so you shouldn’t either.”

Hayden recalled Yuri and Gale’s words to him a long time ago when he was still in training with Dominion—back when he was still a fresh recruit and they were trying to teach him to control his inhumane strength.

Yeah, no more holding back. I’m not how I once was, Hayden thought determinedly before he moved, using every one of the skills that he’d gained throughout the years—even when he was training with Jaeger. Skills that he hadn’t utilised for years due to the fear of what he could do.

Hayden moved down the hallway, pushing his legs to move as fast as he could. He wasn’t as petite as Yuri or agile like Gale or even as light as Ethan; but even so, Hayden could still be much faster than the average man.

“Do you know one of the main weaknesses of a gun user, Hayden?”

Hayden dodged another bullet before he grasped hold of the wrist holding the rifle and held on tight. He smirked, hazel eyes turning cold as he met the gaze of the soon-to-be-dead soldier.

“Got you.”

“Get in close and disable their dominant hand. A gun user is close to being useless when engaging in close combat or losing the use of their dominant hand.”

There was a loud crack as Hayden snapped the Pursuer’s wrist cleanly. Before he could go down, Hayden lashed out with his free hand, closing it around the neck before snapping it as well, letting the body slump to the ground at his feet.

“Spread out, don’t get too close!”

“Idiots. You think that can stop me?” Hayden sneered, moving down the hallway and systematically taking out the Pursuers one after the other. The strength that he had always feared and had always held back was now serving as his greatest weapon.

“Sometimes, fear can be honed into a weapon.”

And you’re right about that, Gale.

“You should never have sent me to infiltrate Dominion to begin with, Lieutenant.” Hayden commented, whipping out his short blade at the back of his waist, giving it a few quick twirls before blocking the sword that threatened to take off his head.

“Yes.” Irvin agreed, not relenting in the least even as Hayden pushed his blade back without much effort. “But like with everything else, it wasn’t really your choice, was it? The experiments that gave you your strength, the training, and even sending you to the Academy, and later on, Dominion. None of it was your choice at all.”

“None of us ever had any choice at all in anything that we did!” Hayden snarled, swinging his blade towards Irvin’s neck, but it was blocked at the last minute by the lieutenant using the back of his left hand, ignoring the blood that spilled down his arm. “What you did to me is bad enough, but Yuri? You effectively destroyed her life!”

“It was the Effendi’s order,” Irvin spoke, monotone.

Hayden’s eyes flashed with fury. “So you ignored whatever basic common sense and human decency you had and ruined the life of one of my best friends?” he demanded.

“You’ve really changed, Hayden.” Irvin spoke, with a flicker of regret flashing through his eyes. “But you’re mistaken if you think that I’m going to let you get past me and to the Effendi.”

Hayden didn’t make any movement to dodge the next strike. He took it head-on—taking the sword that was embedded into his gut; moving his body just enough so that the sword will avoid any vital points.

Irvin’s eyes widened with shock; the first sign of emotion that Hayden had seen from the lieutenant since he had started taking on the Pursuers. “You…” He tried to tug his sword from Hayden’s body, but the latter grasped onto Irvin’s wrist with a bloodstained hand and held on tight.

Hayden coughed harshly, ignoring the pain in his body. “It’s…over…” he coughed before he thrust his sword, plunging it straight into Irvin’s chest.

For several long moments, neither said or did anything.

Finally, Irvin coughed, spilling out copious amounts of blood as he stumbled back from Hayden, the material of his already dark clothes turning even darker as the blood spread across his chest.

“What…did you do…?”

“Only what you taught me…” Hayden coughed, pulling Irvin’s sword from his body with what strength he had left. The weapon clanged to the floor as he stumbled backwards, only stopping when his back hit the wall. He slid down it slowly, never taking his eyes off of Irvin, opposite him. Hayden’s lips cracked a weak grin. “Aren’t…you proud… Lieutenant?”

Irvin breathed heavily, blinking rapidly to clear his vision, even though Hayden couldn’t see any blood. “It…stands to figure…” he rasped.

“Why didn’t you stop him—the Effendi?” Hayden wanted to know. “Why didn’t you protect the country?”

Irvin shook his head. “You…wouldn’t understand.”

“Yeah, I don’t.” Hayden said immediately. “I don’t understand why you’re doing all this to begin with. I don’t understand why none of the adults did the job they’re supposed to. In the end, it falls down to us to do it. When did the kids become the adults, Lieutenant?”

Irvin’s eyes alternated between opening and closing. “I…cannot go against…my vow,” he rasped. “I swore…a long time ago…to be his sword and shield. And to die for him…if necessary. Even if…I feel that he…is wrong…”

Those words told Hayden more than anything else could, as he recalled what Yuri and Liam told the rest of them barely a month ago.

“…Carran.” Hayden realised. “You’re from Carran.”

Irvin coughed harshly. “So you found out,” he said. “Yes. I was part of the original group that swore fealty to Zeram…to our king.” He breathed heavily. “Now… I can go…and see all our comrades…on the other side…at last…”

Irvin’s eyes slid shut and his head dipped forward, his chin touching his chest.

Hayden eyed Irvin’s motionless body. “You’re a fool, Lieutenant,” he said. “You and Camellia and Hiram and Gale… All of you… You’re goddamned idiots.” Hayden breathed heavily, looking down at the sword wound in his side before leaning his head back against the wall behind him. “Gale, you’re there, right?”

There was silence for several moments before there were the sounds of soft footsteps, and a lean figure stepped from around the corner. And by the nonchalant expression on Gale’s face, Hayden knew that he had likely been present since the start of the battle.

“I know that Hiram had his suspicions about you. And honestly, Yuri and I did as well.” Gale said. “But to think that you were with Jaeger all this while.”

“It was a long time ago.” Hayden stated. “They picked me up from the streets and trained me. Yuri… She wasn’t Camellia’s only student. She was just the first.” Gale looked at Irvin’s corpse before turning his attention back towards Hayden. “They sent me to the Academy after that. And I wasn’t alone. Jaeger did that all the time. I was just one of several soldiers that they sent as children into the Academy to gain trust and respect and rank. So that no one would suspect us of being spies—even the Effendi. I wasn’t supposed to get too close to my targets, or grow too attached to them. But I did. I failed.”

“You were never cut out to be a spy, Hayden.”

Hayden looked at Gale who looked neither surprised nor angry. “Did you know?”

“I suspected since we were in the Academy.” Gale admitted. “Your movements… They were always a little too polished to be that of a mere Academy recruit. I think Yuri suspected it as well. It’s why she recommended to Hiram for you to be one of Dominion’s new recruits—to keep an eye on you. You know, keep your friends close, but your enemies closer and all that.” Gale gestured. “You were never fooling anyone from the beginning, Hayden. Hiram knew you were Camellia’s agent from the start.”

“Then why did he…?”

“I asked him the same thing.” Gale admitted. “The commander, he told me that the first time he looked at you, he saw the same thing he did when he saw me and Yuri for the first time. He wanted to give you a chance.” Gale stuffed his hands into his pockets, tapping the toe of his boot against the ground. “The same chance that he gave me and Yuri. He gambled it on you. And it paid off. Someone like you isn’t meant to live in the darkness.”

Hayden chuckled bitterly, immediately regretting it as he aggravated his injuries. “And yet, the dark is all that I knew,” he admitted. “Dominion… You and Yuri and Ethan and even Alec and the Undertakers…” Hayden lifted his head to look Gale in the eye. “You were the first ones to treat me as a human. And when I learned more about Yuri’s past, it settled it for me. I think I stopped being part of Jaeger from that point.”

“If it makes you feel better, we never once doubted your loyalty.” Gale said solemnly, surprising Hayden. “Hiram gave you a chance. But it was Yuri who led you on the path to it.”

“Yeah, it sounds like her.” Hayden removed the hand that he had been using to press against his side. Gale’s eyes went towards said wound. “I’m fine.” Hayden answered the unasked question. He gave a grim smile, his face pale. “I was Jaeger-trained, remember? And a former Enforcer. My body’s tough. This much won’t kill me. Besides, I did what I came here to do.” He leaned his head back against the wall behind him. “You don’t have to worry about the Jaeger Unit anymore. And I think that maybe, some part of Camellia wants to stop this madness as well.” Hayden swept his bangs out of his eyes with his right hand. “Go to Yuri, Gale. I just need to rest for a bit. I’ll catch up soon. Do what we came here to do.”

Gale hesitated, nodding. He then turned on his heels and walked down the hallway before disappearing from sight.







21

JUDGMENT DAY


A man can be destroyed but not defeated. - Ernest Hemingway

✯✯✯ 

The sounds of rapid gunfire and explosions and even screams along with that of alarms blaring were all that could be heard within the confines of the office, muffled though it is.

The Effendi—Zeram was however unconcerned even as he looked out of the window in his office, cold crimson eyes roving over the explosions and fires occurring down below him in the Royal City.

“Yuliana…” The Effendi murmured, staring down at the streets—watching the tiny dotted figures of the soldiers and the rebels. “I’m doing this for you.”

And yet, Zeram can’t help but feel a pang of doubt and regret within him—it has been growing since the very first time one of his own people had turned on him within a few short years of him becoming the Effendi. One of those who had left Carran together with him.

“This isn’t right, Zeram! This isn’t why we’re doing this! Your sister—Yuliana would never want this!”

Would Yuliana have even approved of what he’s doing? She died suffering and in agony, with no one coming to her aid. And yet, during one of Yuliana’s more lucid moments when Zeram and Camellia were both going from door-to-door all those years ago, begging for someone to help her, Yuliana spoke to Zeram.

“Don’t hate them, Brother. Hatred is poison. Poison kills.”

Zeram gritted his teeth. “How can I not hate them, Sis?”

✯✯✯ 

“Think Hayden will be all right?” Liam asked as they walked through the palace hallway. 

“I know he’s strong, Yuri.” Ethan sounded worried. “But he’s taking on Jaeger, with Lieutenant Irvin amongst them!”

“…Will it make you feel better if you go back for him?” Yuri asked, stopping in her tracks suddenly and turning to face Ethan. He hesitated, looking over his shoulder at the way they’d come, then back to Yuri. “We’ll be fine by ourselves. You’re no good to us distracted anyway.”

Ethan chewed at his bottom lip before taking half a step back. “Sorry. I’m worried about Hade,” he admitted. “I…cannot let him die. I won’t let him die! I know there’s something about him that you’ve all been keeping from me for years—I’m not stupid. And I’m not blind. I saw the way you and Gale both looked at him from time to time.” Ethan told Yuri. “But he’s still my friend—my best friend. I’d trust him with my life, regardless of what he’s done.”

“Then you should ask him about it when you find him.” Yuri said mysteriously. “Seriously, he should have told you by now.” She shook her head. “Go to him, Ethan. And be careful.”

Ethan looked from Liam to Soma—both nodded at him encouragingly. He closed his eyes briefly. “Sorry. And stay safe!”

With that said, Ethan turned on his heels and went back the way they came.

“Will he be all right on his own?” Liam wanted to know even as they opened another door leading to another part of the palace.

“I made Ethan and Hayden memorise the layouts of the palace before we started this entire operation. He’ll be fine.” Yuri reassured her brother. 

Next to her, Soma said nothing. But then, Liam remembered that Soma probably knew the layout of the palace better than even the other two.

Soma latched out a hand to catch Liam by the arm even as Yuri started moving forward carefully—clearly, she knew where they are as well, and what this part of the palace contained.

“Liam, watch where you’re stepping, or you’ll trigger one of the traps—”

Right on cue, Liam felt his heel sink down at the sound of a switch being triggered. Soma groaned inwardly and Yuri froze. And then, all three were trying to dodge the slew of arrows and knives that were launched at them.

“I told you to watch where you’re stepping!” Soma shouted at Liam as he performed some acrobatic moves as he dodged a few knives that were aimed at his neck and performing a dodge roll to avoid the slew of arrows that almost turned him into a pincushion.

“You told me too damn late!”

Yuri dodged a barrage of needles before pressing herself against a section of the wall to take temporary cover from the triggered trap. Her eyes widened when she felt the wall against her back shift. Before she could react, the entire section of the wall turned a full circle, taking her with it.

“Yuri!” Soma and Liam called out in unison. The moment the wall shifted however, the barrage of arrows and blades stopped.

“Yuri!” Liam called out desperately, banging his fist against the wall where he’d seen his sister disappear. Not again…

“Stop trying to break your hand, man!” Soma dragged Liam away from the wall, using his greater height and shoulder-width as leverage.

“But Yuri—”

“Keep your damn voices down!” An annoyed voice reaches their ears, and both young men turned to see Gale approaching them, panting slightly, an annoyed look on his face. “You’ll bring every single soldier in the palace to us! I’m surprised they’re not here yet, with the trap you triggered.”

“Gale!” Soma looked relieved to see Gale, and Liam immediately went back to feeling the section of the wall where Yuri had just disappeared behind. “This wall…” Two pairs of eyes turned towards said wall. “Where does it lead?”

✯✯✯ 

Yuri found herself hurtling down a long chute of some sort before she was thrown unceremoniously onto the ground. The moment she took a look around, she found herself freezing as she recognised where she is immediately.

“On your feet, Yuri. Pay attention to your surroundings.”

“Not this place again…” Yuri almost groaned to herself. Every pore in her body screamed at her, and she moved: a blade just missed her neck by mere inches. Yuri turned, drawing her blade, her face grim as she faced the other woman. “Camellia…”

“I’ve taught you before, Yuri.” Camellia Faylan spoke coldly, a pair of twin daggers visible in her hands. “Pay attention to your surroundings.”

“Damn it.” Yuri cussed beneath her breath. “I was wondering when you would make your appearance. So you intend to stop me—us, then.” It was a statement, not a question.

Emotion flickered across Camellia’s eyes. This time, Yuri was quick enough to catch it, and she recognised it as regret.

“I made my decision. As you did yours, Yuri.” Camellia spoke at last. “My place is with the Effendi. I will not abandon him.”

“You know that what he’s doing is wrong!” Yuri retorted. “Yuliana would never want this!” Camellia’s eyes widened. “We went to Carran.” Yuri continued, “We met the elder, Barlowe. We heard about everything.”

“Then you should know that I cannot turn back now.” Camellia said, her voice shaking slightly. “The Effendi—Zeram… He is all that I have left.”

“What meaning is there in doing this, Camellia? You’re destroying the country and killing the people!” Yuri tried to reason with her former mentor, though she knew that it was a lost cause. Camellia was too loyal to the Effendi. “Surely you must know that?”

“What meaning is there in you doing the things you did then, Yuri?” Camellia retorted. “For what reason did you have to kill Antonov all those years back when you turned against us? You are doing what you think is right—the same reason I am doing this.”

“You once told me that there’s no meaning in revenge,” Yuri snapped. Now that she stopped to think about it, there may have even been a hidden meaning behind Camilla’s words, “and that it would only sadden our loved ones in the afterlife. But I think that’s a lie. I felt so way back then, and I still feel the same way now.”

“‘With hatred comes love’.” Camellia sighed. “When Yuliana died, Zeram forgot what love is. Only hatred remains. Until you are left with nothing but hatred, only then can you understand his motives.” Camellia had a small, sad smile on her face as she faced her protégé. “You might be right in saying that this entire thing is meaningless—and that all that we’re doing is just leading Adaytren and her people down on the path to death and destruction. Even so, so be it. When we destroyed the Parliament and killed all the leaders, Zeram was happy. I was satisfied. He’s doing this for Yuliana. He wants Adaytren to feel the pain and desperation that Yuliana did in her last moments. Can you even begin to understand how Zeram and Yuliana must have felt? Or how the people of Carran have suffered for all these years?”

Yuri stared at her former mentor. “No. But I do know how it feels to live each day just barely clinging onto life,” she said at last. “In the end, isn’t that just what the Effendi is after? By making Adaytren feel his pain?” Camellia looked surprised for a moment. Yuri shook her head. “No matter. This entire war is a mistake made by the generations before us. You asked me once back then—when I was first arrested for assassinating Antonov.” Yuri never took her eyes off Camellia. “You asked me if I ever regretted it. You asked me if I was satisfied. I didn’t kill Ivar Antonov for Kara, Alec or any of his other victims. When Antonov died, I felt happy. I assassinated Antonov because I wanted to. I was satisfied with that.” Yuri concluded. “Adaytren is a place where life is uncertain. Gale said that once. And there are crimes in this world that people have to be punished for, right? I thought there were surely others out there that would think the same way. And then, we started this. So…” Yuri lifted the blade in her left hand, pointing it at Camellia. “Let’s end this, Camellia.”

“I first trained you in this very room.” Camellia had a bitter smile on her face even as she raised her own daggers and dropped into a combat stance. “It seems almost fitting that the last battle between us will take place here.  Let’s end this, Yuri.” She echoed Yuri’s words from a moment ago. “Come at me with the intent to kill and with everything you got. Show me, then. Show me just how much you’ve grown!”

Silence fell between the two for several moments; neither one took their eyes from the other, hands around the hilts of their weapons. And then, as though in response to some sort of signal, both moved.

There was a clang of metal on metal as their daggers parried against each other, the blades trembling.

The blond gave a small smirk as a light scratch appeared on Yuri’s cheek, a slight trickle of blood flowing from the shallow cut.

“Careless, Yuri.” Camellia commented, then frowned as Yuri made no expression, and the fast-acting poison coating the blades taking no affect. 

“Naive, Camellia.” Yuri threw Camellia’s own words back before she swung the other blade in her right hand towards Camellia’s face. The older woman was quick to lean out of the way of the blade, putting more room in between the two. “How long do you think I’ve been preparing for this day? Do you think I wouldn’t take measures?” Yuri demanded. “I know exactly what you’re capable of. You were the one to teach me about poisons and how to concoct them. I’ve had an immunity against poisons for years. Ever since you and the Effendi saw it fit to welcome Ezekiel into Dominion and let him start fucking around with us.” She snarled, feeling her temper bubble slowly to the surface with the mere mention of Ezekiel. “Your parlour tricks won’t work against me, Camellia.”

“When did you start seeing us as the enemy, Yuri?” Camellia questioned.

“I’ve never once trusted you.” Yuri answered immediately, with a slight shake of her head. “If I trusted anyone at all throughout my time in the Royal City, it was the Enforcers. Dominion.”

Yuri’s breathing started to hitch and she coughed. Crimson liquid spilled from her lips. She wiped away the blood with the back of her hand, coughing to clear her lungs. She couldn’t afford to have another episode at that moment—not while facing Camellia Faylan.

Camellia said nothing as her eyes drifted to the floor where the droplets of crimson blood were visible against the grey concrete.

“How much more time do you think you have left, Yuri?” Camellia said at last. “You’re strong. But you’re also much weaker than you were.”

“Yeah, I know I’m dying.” Yuri said between coughs. “I might only have months left at this rate. I might not even survive long enough to see the end of this war. This might even be my last battle. But I don’t care!” She said harshly. “I’ll take you and the Effendi with me if I have to!”

“A suicidal idiot with a death wish,” Camellia said, raising her daggers once more.

Yuri adjusted her grips on her weapons. And then, she moved. 

Camellia cussed before parrying against the black blur that darted around the training room. Of course. She should have known. Yuri hadn’t been showing all that she’s capable of, even with her growing weakness.

Crack. Camellia hissed in pain and sank to her knees, cradling her right wrist, even as both her weapons were sent flying across the training room.

Yuri breathed heavily. “It’s over, Camellia,” she said. “Stop whatever it is that you’re doing. There have been enough lives lost. Don’t make me kill you, too.”

Camellia closed her eyes briefly. “…I won’t stop you,” she said at last. “You won. You’ve grown stronger in many ways, Yuri, despite your condition.” She raised her head to look at her former student. “So you can do what you want. That is the language that only we understood. Don’t we?”

Yuri sheathed her weapons. “…I’ll end this,” she said at last. “For Adaytren. And for all those that have died. Enough is enough, Camellia.”

Camellia smiled a bittersweet smile. “Go. I won’t stop you. I’m tired.” She admitted. “I just want it all to end. I just…wanted a simple life, you know? To find love. To make a family. To protect Adaytren. But then we started this. And started losing our path.”

Yuri took a step backwards. “I’ll stop him,” she said simply. “I promised Barlowe at Carran that I would. We’re betting everything on this.” She said before she turned and started walking towards the training room’s only exit.

The steel door closed with a loud, ominous bang behind her.

✯✯✯ 

Soma and Liam looked very relieved when Yuri met up with them again after leaving the training room. Gale was tagging along behind them.

“Yuri!” Liam seemed to be barely restraining himself from checking Yuri over for any injuries.

“You all right?” Soma asked, and Yuri nodded. 

She studied her old partner, standing behind Soma. The expression on his face and determined look in his eyes were entirely reminiscent of the expression that Gale often had back during their Enforcer days.

“Your mind’s made up?” was all that Yuri asked, and Gale nodded.

“No more turning back.” Gale stated.

No more turning back.

“Let’s go.” Yuri told the other two. “We’re not far from the Effendi’s office. Let’s end this.”

✯✯✯ 

The rest of the route towards the Effendi’s office was spent with not a word being exchanged between the four of them. Unsurprisingly, large numbers of soldiers blocked their path at multiple points. At the third time, Gale and Soma opted to remain behind to take care of the soldiers, telling Yuri and Liam to go on ahead. After all, more than anyone, it was the twins —Yuri especially — that had unfinished business with the monarch of their country.

Finally, the twins found themselves standing at the end of a passageway, approaching a large portrait of a man with raven-black hair and familiar crimson eyes dressed in historical royal garbs. 

Liam frowned, looking at his twin. Did they take a wrong turn? But judging by the look on Yuri’s face and how she strode towards the portrait, it didn’t seem to be the case. Liam’s eyes widened slightly as Yuri pressed one of the carved flowers on the elaborate golden frame.

A section of the wall nearby shifted silently, revealing a dark entrance. Liam looked at Yuri again, but his twin gave nothing away even as she approached.

For a long moment, neither of the twins said anything.

“The last door,” Yuri murmured to herself, clenching her hands into fists by her sides, staring straight into the passageway’s dark abyss, “if I step through these doors, will I leave my past behind?”

“Yuri…” Liam placed a comforting hand onto his sister’s shoulder.

Yuri nodded. Liam didn’t have to say anything more for her to get the message. “Let’s end this,” she said simply. “Let’s go.”

Both twins stepped into the darkness.

✯✯✯ 

We’re losing.

That was the only thought that crossed Zeram’s mind as he looked out of his window onto the streets that he could see, with the muffled sounds of battle, and with the occasional flashes from fires going on continuously since it had first begun. It must have been hours since, as it was well in the afternoon when the first wave of the rebels have broken through the Royal City’s first line of defence, and it is already nightfall by now.

And yet, despite the thought of him actually losing crossing his mind, Zeram found that he doesn’t care at all. After all, he had never really cared about the country that he was born in and that his ancestors have fought and sacrificed for. The one person that he truly cared about is no longer in this world. His heart and soul died with her the day she died.

“One day, you will regret this, Zeram. Your sister wouldn’t want this, and you know that!”

Barlowe’s words on the day when he’d first left Carran crossed his mind just then, and Zeram gritted his teeth. Yuliana wouldn’t have died if it wasn’t for them, he thought to himself. She doesn’t deserve to die! They caused her to suffer. The same way that Carran suffered for years.

“I am no one’s tool, Effendi. I belong to no one!”

Zeram recalled Yuri’s words to him when she was arrested all those years ago after she had assassinated Antonov. Her final words to him before she’d up and broken out of Sina together with Ethan and Hayden.

Another explosion down below in the streets broke Zeram out of his thoughts. It would only be a matter of time, Zeram knew. And there was only one person whom he knew of that would undoubtedly come for him.

As he contemplated things silently, the doors to the Effendi’s office swung opened silently, revealing two figures dressed in dark clothes that entered silently without the Effendi noticing.

Liam removed his hood to take a closer look at the Effendi—the first time that he’d actually laid eyes on the man himself.

Raven-black hair reaching to just a little below his earlobes and crimson red eyes with deathly pale skin—like he hadn’t been out in the sun enough. He is also shorter and thinner – not as robust as Liam had expected, not for someone who had thrown the entire country into chaos for a little over half a century.

In fact, the Effendi didn’t even look that dangerous at all, at first glance.

A low flash of lightning spread across the dark skies, illuminating the dark room momentarily, and Liam’s attention was caught by the numerous pill bottles scattered across the surface of the wooden desk.

Liam furrowed his brows. Is he sick?

That would really explain why the Effendi rarely showed himself in public if that is the case. After all, there would be more attempts at assassinations if this news was ever made public.

As much as Liam had hated the man’s guts for what he had done to the country and to his family, there was also a grudging acknowledgment. 

The Effendi might have had royal blood in his veins, but he had started out as nothing—being no different from a commoner out in the poorest areas of Adaytren. And yet, he had managed to garner the support and supplies that he’d needed and overthrow the ruling party of Adaytren, and then managed to stay in power ever since.

It was almost too surreal to admit.

Finally turning his gaze away from the sight outside his window, Zeram—the Effendi didn’t seem at all surprised to see Liam and Yuri standing in front of him.

“Liam and Yulia Michaelis.” Zeram stated, crimson eyes roving from one face to the next.

“You knew all along.” Yuri said simply. She didn’t have to explain the meaning behind her words.

“Of course, ” Zeram answered. “Out of all the people that have ever tried to assassinate me, no one else—save for Soma, has ever come this close before. That is what you are here for, is it not?”

Yuri let out a long exhale before reaching up and pulling down the hood from her head. “You’re not going to ask how we even got in?”

“At this point, I honestly can’t find it in myself to ask. Not when you always have the habit of surprising me anyway.” Zeram admitted. “You people never fail to amuse me. Or disappoint.”

“Right back at you.”

“We were at Carran awhile back.” Liam cut into the conversation that Yuri and the Effendi were having. Two pairs of eyes immediately fell on him. “We met Barlowe there.” Liam kept his eyes on Zeram. “Your retainer. We have a message from him: stop whatever it is that you’re doing. Your sister wouldn’t want this.”

 A muscle in Zeram’s cheek twitched as he glared at Liam, leaning most of his weight against the windowsill as he did so. “…Tell me something, Liam Michaelis,” he said in a low, dangerous voice. Liam swallowed, reminded of a viper about to attack. “If it had been you, and your only family died because an entire country refused to lift a single fucking finger to help when they could have, just because of what your family represented to said country, what would you have done?” He thundered. “Did my sister deserve her fate? Did Yuliana deserve to die?” 

“Regardless of what the past generations have done, you don’t take it out on an entire country!” Liam thundered. “The Crown Prince would have been ashamed of you if he could see you now. And do you think that your sister would have wanted to see you this way?” He gritted his teeth. “Regardless of what you’ve done to me and my family, I have never hated you. I just want this war to end, and to find my sister.” Liam looked fearlessly into the Effendi’s eyes. “When you die, do you think you can hold your head upright and face your loved ones on the other side?”

“Who knows?” Zeram coughed harshly. “I stopped believing in Gods and the afterlife the day my sister died. Besides, I don’t have long to live anyway.” He admitted, and Yuri’s eyes widened. So, the rumours were true? “I’m actually surprised that I managed to survive this long.” Zeram chuckled bitterly. “One thing I can be thankful for—it at least gave me the chance to make Adaytren feel my pain!”

“A hereditary illness, I’m assuming?” Yuri stated more than questioned. She narrowed her eyes. “Barlowe mentioned that it was an illness that killed your sister. And your parents.”

“Yes. Camellia has been trying to find a cure for years.”

Liam made a mental note to have Soma go for a full check-up if they survived their current situation.

Yuri shook her head. “It’s enough, isn’t it, Effendi?” she said almost tiredly. “You’ve proven your point. Stop this.”

Zeram stared at Yuri for a long time without saying anything at all. “You know, it’s a funny thing if you just stop and think about it,” he said at last. “So many people have been trying to shape and change Adaytren into their own ideal version and for their own selfish reasons. I did. So did several others before me. In a way, the Last King did too. And yet, regardless of who’s in power, there will always be those who seeks to overthrow them. The nobles did that with the Last King. I did the same thing with Parliament. And the rebel forces are now trying to do the same thing with me.” Zeram let out a long exhale. “But I think that in the end, the path that this country and its people would follow…would be your path, Yuri.” Silence fell for several moments. “But I wonder… How much more time do you think you have left, Yuri?”

“Long enough to deal with you.” Yuri answered, not giving anything away, despite the confused expression on Liam’s face. “And now that it’s come to this, tell me something. What happened to Mikhail?”

Zeram definitely remembered that name. After all, from what Yuri knew from Hiram, the Specialised Program ended with her and Gale. There weren’t enough resources or candidates after that.

“Who knows?” Zeram didn’t seem concerned in the least. “He betrayed and deserted us long before you even did, Yuri.”

✯✯✯ 

Alec looked around him at the chaos happening in one of the hallways of the palace, where they’d finally managed to get to barely an hour ago. 

Whatever soldiers that are loyal to the Effendi that weren’t killed were now bound with ropes or chains or even whatever that they had that they could fashion as weapons, with two soldiers being tied back to back with each other so that it’ll be more difficult for said soldiers to launch surprise attacks if they ever managed to get out of their bonds.

Kara and whatever other members of the underground versed in medicine were tending to the injuries of their own.

Looking around at the bodies lined in a neat row being covered with jackets or other makeshift shrouds made Alec’s heart clench. Especially when he recognised the distinctive blond hair of Lesley’s together with the dead. It didn’t help when he recognised Giles a few bodies down.

For a moment, Alec wondered to himself where Leticia was, and if she even knew.

“It’s not your fault.” Nicholas spoke up from behind Alec, and he tensed. He hadn’t even realised that his best friend was behind him.

Alec sighed and finally turned fully to face a solemn Nicholas. Like nearly all of them, Nicholas had blood visible on his clothes. A bandage held fast to his right wrist.

“Say that to Lesley and Giles.” Alec answered, jerking a thumb over his shoulder. “And to that the rest who were killed.”

“We knew what we were getting ourselves into when we first started this.” Nicholas said forcefully. “Lesley knew the risks.”

Alec sighed. “Wonder what’s going on with Yuri and the others,” he mused. “They should have reached the Effendi by now, right?”

“Knowing them, probably.”

There were sudden screams and shouts from behind Alec, and he turned, one hand falling to his side. “What—”

“Alec, behind you!” Kara was screaming, already reaching for her knives.

The only thing that Alec saw is a soldier from the Guard, standing not even two paces away from him, despite being bloodied and with his uniform torn, his hands still bound in restraints in front of him, yet, there is also a blade within his grasp; with it being raised high above his head. 

Alec couldn’t find it in himself to move even as he stared with horror. Then, there was the sound of a gunshot that sounded almost ominously loud in the hallway. Several people screamed when the bullet was fired.

And yet, Alec felt nothing at all.

He was surprised when he opened his eyes—never realising that he’d even closed them at all. Alec saw the soldier with a hole in his head, before he slumped over onto the ground dead.

Behind the now-dead soldier stood a figure dressed in a dark cloak, his gun out and with the barrel smoking.

“Keep your guard up.” A male voice spoke even as the safety was replaced and the gun was then slotted back into the holster at his waist. “Don’t get too nonchalant. We aren’t in safe waters just yet.”

“Who…?” Alec narrowed his eyes; he had never seen this guy before and he definitely didn’t remember the voice.

“Cesar sent me as one of Solaris’ representatives.” The hooded figure answered. “They thought you could use more help.”

“Another one of Yuri’s informants or supporters?” Nicholas frowned.

There was a slight hesitance. “Well, not quite,” The hooded figure said at last. Finally, he reached out with a pale hand, pulling back the hood of the cloak to reveal a head of untidy blond hair so pale that it was almost silver. Piercing golden eyes that seem almost familiar to Alec and Nicholas peered back at them. Judging from the way he carried himself, this man was no amateur to battle. A thin smile spread across his face. “I can’t let one of Yuri and Gale’s friends get themselves killed, can I?”

Nicholas stepped before Alec. “Who are you?” he demanded.

There were several suspicious looks from the people around them. Kara fingered her knives, and Alec knew that one word from him, and the new arrival would find himself skewered.

“Like I said, Cesar sent me as backup.” The man said. “I’m also here for Yuri and Gale.” He shook his fringe out of his eyes. “The name’s Mikhail. Pleasure.”

✯✯✯ 

“Mikhail…” Yuri murmured.

“Yuri…” Liam muttered, not knowing what to say.

Several long moments of silence lapsed between them, and the twins then saw the Effendi continuously look towards his door—and both could guess the reason why. 

Liam shook his head. “If you’re waiting for your brainwashed puppets, continue waiting,” he said. “Do you honestly think we would storm and invade the Royal City without several backup plans in place?” He smirked. “The first thing that we did was to take care of your most loyal followers.”

“And no one will be coming.” A voice came from the direction of the doorway as the heavy oak doors swung open, and there Gale and Soma were—both of them have blood stains covering most of the upper part of their clothes, with blood splotches also visible on their faces. “Those that decided to stay and fight have already been disabled by Alec and his people. We took care of the rest on the way up. As well as disabling all the traps and systems we came across.” Gale smirked darkly.

“A big change compared to the time I last came here.” Soma stated. “It’s over, Effendi. Your palace has fallen. As has your reign.”

“It’s not over yet.” Zeram growled. “It will not be until I say it’s over!”

“It’s done, Effendi!” Soma snapped, his hand falling by his side. “You’ve lost. You should have seen this! It’s enough. Adaytren has already seen enough blood.” His own crimson red eyes bore straight into Zeram’s own. “Surrender.”

“You’re fools if you’re sparing your enemy.” Zeram spat, eyes moving from one face to the next, finally resting onto the two Enforcers. “And here I thought that the Enforcers are the most merciless and ruthless amongst all my soldiers.”

“Don’t mistake mercy for being soft.” Gale said at once, frowning. “We’re assassins and soldiers, but we kill in the line of duty. You’ve never really understood how Dominion and the Enforcers worked, Effendi. Not once.”

“So once more, Adaytren is going to destroy and defy the royal bloodline?” Zeram snarled. “You might call me a cold-blooded killer and all, but what about you?” He glared at Yuri and Gale who much to their credit, didn’t flinch. “You’ve been killing even before you were eight-years-old! How many villages were wiped out and how many people have died at your hands by now? I’m betting that the death count is higher than any that I’ve managed in my lifetime!”

“You made them that way!” Liam shouted back at the Effendi. Soma looked to be one step away from skewering the Effendi on his sword. The four of them were surrounding the Effendi in a quarter-circle, with only the emergency lights in the office and the moonlight filtering through the clouds from outside the window being their only light source.

Neither Yuri nor Gale made any outward reaction to the sudden change in the Effendi’s tone, unlike Soma and Liam. There was nothing that they could say to that statement. 

Because it was true. All of it.

They were killers, plain and simple. Both had come to terms with what they were a long time ago—long before Hiram had taken them both into Dominion.

Because while they were killers, they were also survivors.

“Neither of us are going to deny anything that you just said, specially as every word is true.” Gale muttered in return. Surprised, Liam and Soma looked at him, taking their attention off the Effendi. “But there is one thing that we aren’t.”

“We target terrorists, traitors, Legion agents, rebels, and even enemies to the Crown.” Yuri added, her eyes narrowing dangerously. “That is Dominion’s role. We kill upon orders from Hiram, I won’t deny it. But Dominion never made a move on civilians before we left!”

Even that is one rule that Alec and all those that have allied with Blade have stuck to since they’ve started all this: never target the civilians. Back when they have targeted Zlarc when breaking Karen out, the targets and casualties have been mainly the soldiers—extremely detailed for a terror assault of that degree. 

“None of us have ever justify any kill that we made by saying we are entitled in doing it!” Yuri is getting a little worked up due to how forceful she is getting now, and Gale recognised it as one of the starting signs of her losing her temper. “None of our hands are clean! Even we admit that much!”

“I’ve never killed anyone that doesn’t deserve it.” Zeram raised his head and pinned them with an almost arrogant look, despite the fact that most of his weight is leaned against the window-sill next to him.

“Really?” Liam said coldly, “How many people are dead by now since you started your reign of terror? I daresay the numbers are probably in the thousands by now—whether it’s done by your hand or by your orders. And I remember the stories that were told about how you took power to begin with. You didn’t just kill the members of Parliament and the Legion agents tasked to protecting them and thus, are loyal to them. You killed their families. The families of the members of Parliament and the Legion agents. Every man, woman and child, all the way right down to the youngest toddler! Even civilians that just had something good to say about Parliament and were overheard weren’t spared! Those aren’t trained soldiers! They are mere civilians! How much of a threat are they to you?!”

“Who are you to question me anyway?” Zeram replied, looking at Liam with a look akin to disgust or contempt, “You who belong to that one organisation that committed one of the worst genocides ever known in Adaytren’s history and then tried to pin it on my soldiers. The Hamlet Genocide. Isn’t that right, Gale?”

Next to Yuri, Gale flinched at the mention of his lost hometown, and Liam looked as if he’d just been slapped in the face.

“That has nothing to do with Liam.” Surprisingly, it was Soma who had spoken. “He wasn’t the one to order the hit on Gale’s hometown. And we just said that we’ve never justified anything that we ever did. But you still are.”

“Honestly, I pity Barlowe and the people of Carran.” Yuri didn’t raise her voice. She didn’t even have to. Her point to this entire conversation could be made without having to scream it in Zeram’s face. “For following and having such faith and loyalty in a man that isn’t even one-tenth of the man that the Last King is. When you become a leader, Zeram—” Yuri almost spat the name out, “you look after them! You don’t use your own people as pawns on your own giant chess board in a hypocritical game of chess just because you have some beef with a country that you think killed your sister decades ago!” Yuri was heaving by the end of it.

“If you had ever cared about Carran and your own sister at all, you wouldn’t even have started all this to begin with.” Soma said somberly, recalling the photo that he was shown of a young Effendi and his sister. “This couldn’t have been what she had wanted. You could have become a better leader—a great king. Making Adaytren better so that none would suffer her fate. Instead, you decided to make Adaytren feel your pain instead. How much different are you from the people that condemn you and your family? In fact, you’re worse.” There was a bitter smile on Soma’s face.

“We share the same blood. If I’m a monster as you say, you’re no different.”

“Don’t lump Soma in together with you!” Gale said at once, scowling.

“Maybe.” Soma replied like he hadn’t heard Gale at all. “But I know that I’d sooner end my own life than become like you.”

Silence fell amongst them in the room for several moments, with the only sounds that could be heard being that of the battles still going on in the streets down below.

“If you’d just come out and tell the truth, I think I might actually have some respect for you,” Yuri said at last, breaking the silence, “because you got this close—” She held her index finger and thumb less than an inch apart from each other for emphasis, “—This close to changing everything—to wiping us all out.”

“You know, I’ve been wondering something for a long time. I’ve been trying to figure it out for just as long.” Liam said at last, closing his eyes momentarily before opening them again, staring straight at Zeram. “Yuri and Ethan and Hayden were right when they said you’re no fool. No idiot can bring Adaytren almost to their knees like this in just one lifetime when we were originally one of the greatest nations that had ever existed according to history records.” Liam exhaled. “What gives you the right to do all this to begin with? Why do you even think you have the right to do this to Adaytren?”

“I am the last of the royal bloodline!” Zeram snarled at Liam. “Adaytren is mine to do as I wished! Until you’ve lived the life I had, until you’ve endured the constant struggle of surviving day-to-day, feeding from hand-to-mouth and have seen the cruelty and ugliness of human nature and seen betrayal at its finest form, you can never understand!”

Yuri was unfazed by Zeram’s outburst, merely shrugging her shoulders. “So your parents died when they could have survived if only things were different? Big deal! I never even knew mine. And we both got our own brand of vengeance. It just took me a little longer. Your entire family was scorned and hated by the entire country for something you didn’t even do? What the hell do you think Gale and I went through when we were in your service?” A muscle in Gale’s cheek twitched like he’s resisting the urge to smile. “Soma was nearly killed on multiple occasions even before he is old enough to use a weapon just because he had the misfortune to have you as his father and wound up looking like you! Your sister died in your arms just because no one would help you because you’re from the royal family? My twin spent years thinking that I’m dead just because you wanted me as your own personal weapon!” Yuri’s chest was heaving by the end of it, having ran out of steam. “I came this close—this close to blowing his brains out that night.” Her index finger and thumb hovered close to each other—not quite touching, but not quite apart either. 

“What’s your point?”

“There is always someone that had suffered worse. That’s my damn point. And you inflicted suffering worse than what you’ve gone through onto the people of Adaytren for decades. This is life. Life is never fair. It’s high time you learned that.”

“I did learn it.” Zeram said bitterly. “That’s how I became what I am today.”

Soma let out a long exhale, one hand falling onto the sword by his side and wrapping his fingers around the hilt. “Then it’s a good thing that it’s over, isn’t it?”

“What?”

Soma moved first.

Before Zeram could react, Soma’s sword was buried through his chest. Two pairs of almost identical crimson red eyes met with each other even as the younger twisted the blade deeper and further through until the guard touched the chest.

“I’ve waited for this moment for years.” Soma said, as a cold smile spread across his lips. “I’m probably going to go to Hell for everything after I’m dead anyway. I’ll atone for my sins after that. This is for my mother and for everyone in Adaytren.”

Soma barely noticed that Yuri, Liam and Gale had approached him from behind, eyes trained on the Effendi even as the man let out grunts of pain and coughed blood, with Soma’s blade having gone completely through the Effendi’s body.

“I still don’t fully understand why you had to do this.” Yuri whispered as Zeram continued to struggle futilely, his life slipping away. “You see, I came to terms with what I am and what I did in order to survive a long time ago. What I really detest and can’t stand—is that you dragged Adaytren, your home country into a senseless war for decades! You’re the leader of Adaytren since the day you took power. You were supposed to protect and defend your people and country, not drag them into your little quest for revenge!”

“Even after this war is over, I have no idea if Adaytren is going to come out unscathed.” Gale said, shaking his head. “Every single country in the world has been watching Adaytren for years. We’ll be ripe for the picking after this.”

“Yuri!” Liam cautioned as he saw his sister step closer to Zeram. Gale caught him by the elbow, and Liam wisely decided to stay quiet. After all, the Effendi was no threat to Yuri any longer.

“For what it’s worth, you did give me the tools I needed in order to survive. You gave me the motivation I needed to grow strong. If you hadn’t kidnapped me as a child, I wouldn’t have met Gale and the others. So in a way, I am thankful to you. But… Was it worth it in the end, Effendi?” Yuri whispered the last part.

Zeram choked on his own blood, coughing out more of the crimson liquid. It flowed from his chest, spilling onto the ground below him. “…You…look like…her…” he choked, reaching out a blood-stained hand towards Yuri, but she stayed out of his reach. “…Like…my sister… Like…Yuliana…” He gurgled and coughed again. “I…was designed…to save the world. People…look up at the skies…and see hope. I’ll…take that from them…first…”

“Carran… Even until the end, they still believed in you.” Soma said, never releasing his hold on his sword even as he watched his biological father lay dying in front of him by his own hands. “You said you had no one. You’re wrong. You have them. You failed them, Effendi.”

“Maybe…” Zeram rasped. “I…have no regrets… I’ll…wait in the…afterlife…”

For several long moments that felt like hours, four pairs of eyes watched as the light slowly went out of Zeram’s eyes before he slumped over on Soma’s sword.

It was finally over.

Soma pulled his sword out of Zeram’s chest, and lowered the body of his biological father with surprising gentleness to the ground before swinging his sword to clear the blood from it and resheathed it.

“It’s over.” Liam was the first one to break the silence, and for a moment, he couldn’t recognise his own voice.

Yuri slumped against the nearest wall, looking as if a tremendous weight had just been lifted from her shoulders. Gale, however, looked out of the window.

“They’re still fighting.” Gale remarked, looking at them. “The palace has been secured, but the soldiers in the streets…” He trailed off.

Yuri let out a long sigh, causing the other three males in the room to turn towards her. Her bangs were shadowing her face even as she wrapped her arms around her body, her shoulders slumping tiredly.

“If you want to kill us, this is probably the best and only chance you’re ever going to have.” Yuri said, much to Liam and Soma’s confusion. Gale, on the other hand, already had one hand resting on the hilt of his sword, looking towards the partially-opened entrance to the office. Yuri raised her head and looked in the same direction as Gale, “Camellia.”

It only took a few seconds, but the door swung away from the wall and slammed shut, revealing that Camellia had entered the room sometime during the assassination.

There wasn’t any disguising Camellia’s inner turmoil. The tough as nails woman that both Gale and Yuri were familiar with throughout their time in the Effendi’s service was shaking, with silent tears streaming down her face. Blood soaked through the hastily-applied bandages on her right hand.

Camellia shook her head slowly. “No, it isn’t going to change anything,” she said, slowly walking past the four of them and over to Zeram’s body to smooth down his eyelids to at least give him some semblance of peace. “Zeram…”

Soma and Liam tensed when Camellia had approached, though they did nothing. Gale simply watched Camellia carefully whilst Yuri allowed Camellia to move past them to do as she wished.

“You could have stopped us from killing him if you really wanted to.” Yuri said suddenly. “Why didn’t you?”

“Because I knew that it had to be done.” Camellia answered, her voice trembling. “Irvin felt the same way, too. That is why he chose to face Hayden and fall in battle—choosing to die at the hands of his former student. Irvin had just stayed on for all these years for my sake. I could not possibly begrudge him on his last wish. But Zeram…” She trailed off, her shoulders shaking. Camellia shook her head. “At some point, he’d forgotten just why we started this in the first place. The civilians of this country, and his soldiers, simply became his chess pieces.” She shook her head. “This isn’t why we started this. Zeram was no longer the man whom we knew and followed back then.”

“You had a large part to play in this entire mess, too.” Soma said uncaringly. “Adaytren has became what it is today because of you and the Effendi. If you knew that it was so wrong, why didn’t you do something sooner? Why didn’t you stop him? Why didn’t you at least try?”

“I couldn’t, all right?! It’s Zeram! He was all that I had left!” Camellia shouted back at Soma before she dropped to her knees in front of Zeram in sorrow, all the fight in her suddenly gone. “I just…couldn’t.”

“You barely even tried during our battle, did you, Camellia?” Yuri spoke as she stared at her former mentor. She’d had her suspicions since her battle with the woman. “The Camellia that I knew is stronger than that. It shouldn’t even be that easy.”

“Maybe. But maybe I’ve grown weaker too.” Camellia admitted. “It’s as Irvin said. Maybe… Just maybe, I wanted someone to stop me—stop us.” Tears spilled from her eyes. “And now that it’s come to this, go ahead and finish it.”

“No.”

It was the first sign of surprise that they’ve seen from Camellia even as her teal eyes widened and she peered up at Yuri. Startled, Liam and Soma looked at Yuri. Her face was pale, and she gave nothing away, but she seemed determined even as she looked at Camellia.

“No?”

“I’m not doing this for you as some kind of pity or whatever it is that you’re thinking.” Yuri said harshly. “If we kill you here too, Camellia, who’s going to tell all those soldiers out there to stop? They’re definitely not going to listen to us.”

Liam nodded next to Yuri, getting what his sister was driving at. “We still have people out there fighting them off, but there’s a limit to how much they can take,” he stated. After all, unlike the Effendi’s Guard, the people on their side weren’t genetically enhanced. “You might just be the only one who can get all this fighting to stop now.”

Right on cue, another explosion made the room tremble, and all of them flinched at the sound.

The war would not truly stop unless Camellia called it to an end. If she didn’t, it would truly be the end of Adaytren.

“Recall the troops, Camellia.” Gale said with a sigh. “Stop this senseless battle, or you know as well as I do that they’ll just continue to fight until they die. Tell them that it’s over.”

“You sure you want to let your enemy live? Doesn’t sound like the both of you.” Camellia said. “After all, we’re the ones that started this madness to begin with.”

“Exactly.” Gale interrupted. “You started this. You and the Effendi. At the very least, have the backbone to end your era with your own hands.”

“I’m sick of war and fighting at this point. I don’t want blood to continue running in this country anymore.” Yuri said. “But I don’t want to see Adaytren destroyed either. So I’m asking you now, Camellia.” Yuri met Camellia’s eyes fearlessly, using whatever strength that she could still muster. “Is this over? Are we done?”

Camellia shook her head tiredly. “I don’t have the strength to continue fighting anymore,” she admitted. “Just…end all of this, Yuri. Let Adaytren know true peace for once in a long time.”

Yuri and Gale exchanged looks. Yuri then turned towards Liam and Soma, who immediately snapped to attention. “Could you let Alec know about this? Also, send up the signal to tell all our people to cease fighting. Tell them that it’s over.”

“Will do.” Liam nodded immediately, getting ready to leave the office. “What of the both of you?”

“We’ll be right behind you.” Yuri promised, not even looking at her brother—her attention was focused on Camellia.

Liam nodded silently before leaving the office with Soma close behind him. No one said a word for several long moments after their departure.

“You’re strong, Yuri.” Camellia said suddenly. “You and Gale both.” Camellia turned to face them, a bitter smile visible on her face. “If only…” She shook her head. “It’s too late for any regrets. I just ask that you leave Carran alone. They didn’t do anything, and they’ve suffered enough.”

Yuri nodded immediately, giving her consent. “Only a handful of us even knew about Carran’s existence. We won’t say anything. And we’ll be sure to ensure their survival.” Yuri promised. “Besides, I think it’s about time that Carran came out of their self-imposed exile.”

Camellia looked surprised for a moment before she gave a small smile. “Then if there is one good thing about this war, it is that,” she admitted. Her smile didn’t even come anywhere close to reaching her eyes. Camellia took a dagger from one of the pouches by her side—probably one of the non-poisoned ones. “We surrender unconditionally to the rebel forces.”

Before Gale and Yuri’s eyes, Camellia drew her dagger across her non-injured hand, slitting the palm cleanly and allowing the blood to run freely down the blade of the dagger and the hilt—almost covering it entirely with her blood.

An old way of acknowledging surrender.

Yuri and Gale watched as the dagger fell to the ground—the sound partially muffled by the carpet. Neither moved to pick it up.

“I won’t run.” Camellia told them quietly. “I’m tired of this. Take care of your people, Yuri.”

Yuri nodded slowly. “We’ll come for you once this is over,” she told her former mentor. “The people…will need someone to blame and hold responsible for the decades of suffering under the Effendi’s rule.”

“I won’t run or hide.” Camellia promised again, holding her head upright despite knowing exactly what her fate would be. 

“…Then I’ll hold you to your promise.” Yuri said quietly.

Gale moved closer to Yuri as she moved slowly, ready to join back up with Alec and all their friends. “Can you walk?” he asked Yuri quietly.

Yuri looked taken aback before she smiled a small smile. “…So you’ve noticed?”

“Of course.” Gale scoffed. “Do you think I’m blind or just plain unobservant? I would be dead by now if I were either.” He watched Yuri pushing herself upwards from the wall she had been leaning against. “You’ve been using the wall as your support since I entered. You don’t really have the strength anymore, do you?” Gale sounded sad and resigned.

“…I have strength enough to see the end of this at least.” Yuri admitted. “Let’s go.”

Gale nodded and the two then left the office together, leaving Camellia alone in the office with Zeram’s body.

Looking out of the window, Camellia felt a lump form in her throat even as she watched the first rays of sunrise peek over the horizon—dawning the start of a new day—a new era for Adaytren.

It’s over.

It’s truly over.

✯✯✯ 

Ezekiel hurried down the silent palace hallways, looking over his shoulder as he did so, paranoid of having one of the rebels or even soldiers taking this chance to end his life.

And like Hell he’d die here! If he couldn’t succeed in Adaytren, he’d go to some other country where he could gain fame as a researcher. Maybe Alsace? After all, they were a country well-known for their medical advances. Maybe with their assistance, he might even unlock the secrets to immortality at last!

Ezekiel broke out of his musings at the sound of a large crash, and a door leading to one of the other passageways in the palace was broken down, with splinters scattering everywhere.

“Found you at last, Ezekiel!” Leticia Light growled, her green eyes having an almost animalistic look in them as she stomped towards the scientist, identical short blades grasped in both hands. “I hope you didn’t think that you’d be getting away that easily!”

“L-Leticia!” Ezekiel stuttered, stumbling backwards, his hands trembling as he fumbled with his semi-automatic gun—likely the only weapon that he knew how to use somewhat proficiently. 

He might be an Enforcer, but in name only. The only thing protecting him against the wrath of the other Enforcers and soldiers throughout the years had been the political repercussions that would have fallen on anyone who so much as touched one hair on his head. The closest that Ezekiel had ever come to stare at death in the face had been all those years back when Yuri had demanded the location of Ivar Antonov.

“S-Stay back!” Ezekiel screamed, pointing the gun at Leticia even as she stalked towards him like a predator hunting its prey, uncaring about the fact that a gun was currently trained on her. “Just let me go, Leticia! I won’t kill you or even return to this country anymore! I swear!”

“And let you wreck havoc in some other country—the same way you did to Adaytren? Over my dead body!” Leticia barked. 

“You’re not that innocent either!”

“Yes, I know that.” Leticia growled, much to Ezekiel’s surprise. “I’ve been living on borrowed time since that day anyway. I’m tired of running and hiding. There’s nothing that I can do to make up to Yuri for what I did. I ruined her life. I ruined Gale’s too. And all the countless others throughout my time served as your assistant. This is the least that I can do to make it up to her. I’m taking you with me if I have to, Ezekiel! I swore it to myself!”

“S-Stay back, Leticia! I’m warning you!”

“You don’t have the guts to kill someone with your own hands, you snake!” Leticia retorted, stalking closer to Ezekiel as he stumbled backwards, almost tripping over his own feet. 

Ezekiel screamed as he squeezed the trigger, emptying the entire magazine of bullets into Leticia’s lower torso. The dark material of her blouse turned even darker as the blood spread across it.

Leticia lunged and grabbed Ezekiel by the collar and slammed him to the ground hard. She then immediately got atop of him and pinned him to the ground, stabbing the ground by his face with her blade.

Ezekiel froze as he could smell the distinct smell of the poison that coated Leticia’s blades, and looked towards the woman. The brunette woman was breathing heavily, but she was still conscious and fully alert.

“How…?”

How is she not dead yet?

“Have you forgotten?” Leticia rasped, not releasing her hold on Ezekiel’s collar. “I was originally an intelligence agent before I became your assistant. I was a spy. I was trained to survive. Every single soldier and agent in the Effendi’s service are genetically enhanced!”

Ezekiel wheezed, even as he stared up at Leticia with fear visible in his eyes. Yes, he had almost forgotten that.

“Even if…you kill me here, it won’t change anything.” Ezekiel rasped, flinching away from Leticia as best as he could even as she drew out her remaining blade. “It’s too late for her. Honestly, I’m surprised she isn’t dead yet.”

Leticia’s eyes flashed. With one clean strike, she brought her blade down and rammed it into Ezekiel’s chest. The man coughed, choking and gurgling even as Leticia drew the blade back out again.

“Yes. But at least I can make sure that you won’t be hurting anyone ever again.”

“You…foolish girl…” Ezekiel choked, clutching at his chest with one hand. “What… What have you done…?”

He recognised the smell of the poison that coated Leticia’s blades as one that he and Leticia have both worked on before she’d defected after all. 

One of his own creations. Not even he could survive this.

Leticia breathed heavily, sweat already coating her brow as she sank back onto her knees, smiling at Ezekiel. “What I was taught to do—and what you’ve always wanted me to do. I did everything and anything in order to achieve results, without hesitation or regret.” She pressed one hand to her gut. “Aren’t…you proud?” Leticia chuckled. “Now… At last, I can send you to where you truly belong, Ezekiel.”

“You…foolish girl…” Ezekiel could already feel his body numbing, gradually beginning to lose all feeling in his lower limbs. “I could…have the world… You…ruined…everything…”

Ezekiel’s eyes slid shut, and the breathing motions of his chest stilled.

“I would have given anything—done anything for you,” Leticia whispered at last. “But you betrayed me first.” It was getting harder to breathe. “I loved you once, you bastard. With love comes hate. Yuri said that once. And she’s right.”







EPILOGUE


The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. - Franklin D. Roosevelt

✯✯✯ 

The end of the war brought about quite a myriad of emotions.

There was disbelief, denial, happiness, before being followed by acceptance. 

Whatever survivors there were that were involved in the battle have busied themselves with the restoration, telling themselves that there would be time to grief later. Volunteers from Solaris—upon getting word of their victory, have scattered all over Adaytren to get word about the Effendi’s death throughout the country. It would likely take a week or so before the entire country would know about it, with how out of the way that some of the villages were.

Two days after the Effendi’s death, Yuri, Hayden, Ethan, Karen and Leticia gathered on the palace rooftop, watching the rebuilding taking place across the Royal City.

Here they stood—the ones who’d started the entire chain of events—and every single one of them knew without a doubt that things would get worse before they got better. But they’d pick themselves up and heal from it, like they’d done so many times before.

“Well, looks like everything’s over.” Ethan said at last with a sigh, watching Yuri silently dangling her legs over the side of the rooftop as she sat on the edge. “We’ve done what we set out to do.”

“Looks like it.” Yuri answered, getting to her feet slowly, trying not to let her real state of health be revealed to Ethan and Hayden. She honestly had no idea how she would tell everyone else, especially Liam, about her body steadily breaking down.

“So what are you all going to do now?” Karen asked quietly, looking from one to the other, eyes finally resting on Yuri.

Yuri only shrugged but Hayden sighed, exchanging looks with Ethan who only frowned. “I was thinking of staying to help to rebuild,” he said hesitantly. “Adaytren needs all the help that they can get now. We’ll need skilled diplomats to negotiate peace agreements with the neighbouring nations so we won’t be thrown straight into another war just when we’ve barely gotten out of one.”

Ethan nodded. “And Adaytren is in no state to fight anymore either way,” he agreed. “Anyway, we’re still thinking this over—Hade and myself.” Ethan gestured towards Hayden.

“We’re free at last. And so are you.” Leticia surprised everyone when she enveloped Yuri in a hug. 

“L-Leticia?”

“I’m sorry I can’t do anything further for you.” Leticia murmured, although everyone on the rooftop still heard. “Stay strong, Yuri. There must be a cure out there somewhere. Don’t ever give up, you hear me?”

Yuri stiffened as Leticia drew back from her with a weak smile, with a look of dawning realisation on her face. “Leticia, are you—”

“I don’t regret anything.” Leticia smiled weakly, looking from one to the other. “I swore a long time ago that I’d bring Ezekiel down, regardless of the cost. You gave me the chance to do that. And as I told you once before, Yuri—I am not afraid to die.” She took in a deep breath before exhaling. “Well! Should we go and join the others? I’m sure there are lots of things that we have to do.”

“Leticia!” Ethan called out to the woman, a look of concern and worry visible in his eyes, and even confusion. “You’re… You’re coming back to us, right? We’ll see you again?”

Leticia looked taken aback even as she looked at the four youngsters in front of her. Yuri was refusing to look at her whilst the remaining three looked confused. “Of course,” she said with a fake smile. “Now, I should get going. I promised some of those Legion guys I’d have a drink with them tonight before they have to leave for the other villages and towns. Maybe I can get Sigmund Lestat to drink a pint with me at last.” She smiled as she waved to them. “Bye.”

Goodbye.

✯✯✯ 

Liam placed flowers on the pile of growing offerings in the middle of what had once been the Royal City’s town square—set aside for the living to mourn the dead.

“Liam.” A familiar baritone voice made him turn, instinct making his hand fall to his side. Liam only relaxed when he saw that it’s Sigmund Lestat who is approaching him.

“Uncle Sig.” Liam greeted before turning his attention back to the offerings, muttering a small prayer beneath his breath. Honestly, he should find his sister soon; he hadn’t seen her since the end of the war.

Liam wanted to ask Yuri what she wanted to do now. 

He had meant what he had told Yuri before. He would gladly leave Adaytren and everything else behind if that’s what she wanted. Although honestly, Liam had a feeling that Yuri didn’t want to remain in Adaytren any longer either.

“Paying your respects?” Sigmund enquired, clasping his hands together and muttering a small prayer beneath his breath. How long had it been since Liam had been able to be with his godfather like this? Without having to worry about anything at all.

“I still think that it’s all a dream.” Liam admitted at last, “and that I am going to blink, and I’ll find that I’m back in Legion headquarters, ready to fight for our lives at any moment, and still desperately trying to find my sister.”

Sigmund kept his eyes on the small mountain of offerings meant for the heroes that had fallen in the last battle. 

“I don’t blame you.” Sigmund said at last. “It’s only been two days, but I sometimes feel like it’s been longer than that. That I am going to wake up at any given time and still find that we’re still in the middle of a war. And then I hear Legion agents going about their business or workers rebuilding homes, and then I think I’m back in the days of my youth once more, with Johan about to come and get me for a mission.” He rubbed at the back of his neck. “It’s been years since your dad died, but sometimes I feel as if there could have been something more that I could have done to save him.”

The silence hung heavy in the air.

“What should I do now, Uncle Sig?” Liam asked at last, finally turning to look at Sigmund. “I want to stay and help. But I also have Yuri to worry about. And I don’t know.” He shrugged. “I doubt that Yuri wants to stay in Adaytren.”

Sigmund nodded solemnly. “I think it’s time for you to do what you truly want instead of worrying about us all the time,” he said gravely. Compassion and worry made themselves visible in his dark blue eyes. And it made Liam’s throat want to close—make tears want to well up behind his eyes. “We’re meant to be the adults here, Liam. Let us do our duty for once instead of leaving it to you kids all the time.” He shook his head. “Granted, you’re nineteen now, but you have suffered more than anyone I’ve ever known—you and Yuri both. You need to leave this suffering behind, and take your sister with you.”

“But the rebuilding efforts—”

Sigmund shook his head, silencing Liam’s rather weak protests. “Trust me on this, Liam. We will not allow it to become what it once was. Alec and his people and several others from the resistance, even Ethan and Hayden would help us. Most of the Effendi’s old supporters and followers have been rounded up and executed, and those that are still are on the run will be found soon, I’m betting. There won’t be anyone left to bring about another war, and we will do our best to make sure that other nations don’t invade. The Effendi has burned several bridges over the past decades in order to keep us weak and terrified and downtrodden. It’s going to take a lot of work to reopen our trade routes and establish friendly relations once more, but we will get there.” Sigmund smiled a small smile at Liam. “Besides, for you, me and probably most of us, Adaytren is where we were born and which we’ve fought in order to protect. But for Yuri, she probably has no choice at all. And this country has too many bad memories for her. Let her start afresh somewhere else, Liam. In a place where no one knows her and where she doesn’t feel like she has to fight for her life all the time. It’s her chance, Liam. For both of you. Start afresh someplace else.”

✯✯✯ 

“You sure that you should be doing this?” Gale probed at Yuri as they walked down the spiral staircase to the bottom of the dungeons in what had once been the Sina Facility.

“This might…be my last chance to see him.” Yuri answered, turning to look at Gale over her shoulder before she continued down the dungeon hallway with no hesitance; there were no guards to be wary of and no prisoners in the cells now.

Gale felt his heart clench at Yuri’s slow walk, and let out a long exhale as he pulled out the ring of keys from his back. “You need to tell your brother at least, Yuri,” he said forcefully. “You don’t have much time left, and we both know it. He needs to know.”

Yuri felt Gale’s glare on the back of her head as she stopped before the door of the last cell. She turned to face him. “I’ll tell Liam after the celebration party.”

Gale nodded. “If you don’t, I’ll tell him,” he threatened, approaching the door and fitting a key into the lock. With a creaking, grating sound, the door to the cell opened and both youngsters stepped in.

Oil lamps along the walls offered enough light for them to see in the room even without their enhanced senses. Hiram Georges sat on the only bed in the cell, his hands shackled together at the front, dressed in a dirty white dress shirt and black pants, with his feet bare. Yuri, so used to seeing him neat and smart-looking, almost couldn’t believe the dishevelled man in front of them was Hiram.

“…Yuri. Gale.” Hiram sounded almost surprised to see them. He then smiled. “How long has it been since the battle?”

“Two days.” Yuri answered, slumping against the wall just next to the door. Gale occupied the other side, but kept a sharp eye on Yuri without saying anything. “Sigmund Lestat told me about your fight. Your fate is still being determined—along with Camellia and all those key soldiers that once fought on the Effendi’s side.”

“I wouldn’t be surprised if they decide to execute me.” Hiram responded. “I knew what might happen the day I took on this role.” He shook his bangs out of his eyes. “I am not afraid to die.”

“Yes. It’s how you’ve taught us from the very beginning.” Yuri agreed, raising her head to look at Hiram. “‘Fight and survive and do whatever that you have to do in order to achieve that’. We survived this long because of you.”

Hiram sighed. “What brings you two down here?” he asked bluntly. “I doubt it’s to reminiscence about old times.”

“You told me once that your actions were always for Adaytren’s benefit.” Yuri replied. “Would you still continue to fight and do everything you could for this country?”

“I never approved of what the Effendi did to this country. My loyalty and duty is to Adaytren itself, not to whoever is in charge.”

Gale and Yuri exchanged looks. “Adaytren needs all the help it can get now.” Gale was the one to speak. “We came down here because we wanted to know if you still had that honour and mindset that you’ve taught us.”

Hiram frowned. “What are you both planning?”

A small smile spread across Yuri’s face.

Adaytren is in safe hands now.

✯✯✯ 

The guillotine had been one of the preferred forms of execution for the Effendi, mainly reserved for high-ranking deserters and traitors.

Now the guillotine had been brought out once more, hopefully for what would be its last job.

The murmurs from the gathered crowd sounded almost inaudible to Camellia Faylan’s ears even as she walked up the steps to the execution platform fearlessly, her hands bound in front of her with thick rope. Her feet was bare, and she is currently dressed in a long white frock that just reaches to her calves.

Yuri and Alec stood on either side of the execution platform and exchanged looks as Camellia walked to her death, her head held high. 

She stood on the execution platform, looking out at the sea of faces that seemed almost blurred to her.

“It’s been decided,” was the first thing out of Alec’s mouth when both himself and Yuri as well as Gale came down to the cell that Camellia is being held in.

She’s been treated a great deal better than how the Effendi used to treat his prisoners—being given meals, and with her injuries being seen to before they’ve locked her in here.

“I’m going to be executed, aren’t I?” Camellia responded, looking at the three of them who were standing just outside her cell. It was a statement, not a question.

Camellia, of course, had known what her fate would be the day Zeram had died, and she had willingly given herself up to the resistance after getting the soldiers to stop fighting and to end the senseless war.

“…Yes.” Yuri nodded, using the wall to support her weight. 

Honestly, at this point, just how much longer does Yuri have? Camellia is almost surprised in a way that she’s still alive and still able to move on her own power, weakened though she is. And she is willing to bet that save for a scarce few, no one else even knew about Yuri’s physical condition.

Camellia looked towards the three youngsters without fear visible in her eyes. “If I’m going to die either way, I want it to be the three of you to send me on my way,” she requested bluntly, much to their surprise, if the widening of their eyes are of any indication. “I want to die with honour. And I want you to promise me one thing—”

Yuri met with Gale’s eyes—the latter of whom stood by the guillotine’s lever. 

“To protect Carran? You know we will.”

“I know. You will keep your word—a far sight better than what I’ve ever done. But no, that is not what I’m asking of you. Make this a better nation. Protect Adaytren.”

The harsh winds brought the sound of the distant tolling bell. 

Two times. Two o’clock.

“…It’s time.” Alec was relieved to find that his voice was steady. How had Gale and Yuri ever done such things during their time in the Effendi’s service, when he was ready to puke and give in even before the execution?

“It’ll soon be over, Camellia.” Gale murmured gently.

Camellia gave Gale a small smile as she closed the distance between her and the guillotine, no sign of any fear visible in her eyes. “I know,” she responded, and Gale flinched with that answer. She kneeled on the wooden platform, her neck resting against the guillotine’s base.

“I think I’m going to be sick.” Alec muttered to Yuri as he watched Gale draped a black cloth bag over Camellia’s head—both to obstruct her view, and also to prevent the sight of her head being removed from her body being viewed by the audience.

“Don’t watch then.” Yuri replied, never taking her eyes off of Camellia. Her legs were already shaking from how long she had been standing without support, and she hoped she could last for another few minutes. Up on the platform next to Camellia, Gale looked towards her direction, and Yuri nodded.

She forced herself to keep looking even as the familiar sound of the guillotine blade came swishing down, and then, it was over.

✯✯✯ 

Celebrations were carried out in full force two nights later in the Royal City.

Makeshift taverns and bars were set up hastily in the Royal City, mainly with upturned crates serving as seats, with people mainly contended enough to sit on the ground itself, having a kind of alcohol party—with whatever survivors there are donating all that they could for the celebration, which isn’t a lot.

Those that had been more affected by the war may not have felt like celebrating in the least, but they did not begrudge the rest of them. After all, there hadn’t been anything worth celebrating for the past several years.

As such, for the first time in memory, people from the Legion, members from the underground and regular civilians could be seen seated together, drinking joyfully.

Leticia smiled from where she leaned against the wall of what had been once a shop of some kind, watching the group of Legion agents and people from the underground drinking—most of them had been part of the resistance group that had helped to take the Royal City.

One of them waved to her, already with a deep flush of red spreading across his face. 

“Hey, Leticia! Come and join us!” He made a ‘come on over’ gesture that resulted in most of the contents of his ale mug sloshing over the group.

“Hey, watch where you’re swinging around that mug!”

“Don’t waste good alcohol like that, you idiot!”

Leticia took the chance to slip into the nearby alleyway. She huffed, sliding down the wall, pressing the fingertips of her right hand against her abdomen and drawing it away again only to see bright red blood visible on it—almost glowing ominously beneath the rays of the full moon.

The result of her final battle with Ezekiel.

Meow.

Leticia looked up weakly to see a small black cat with bright green eyes staring at her, meowing piteously as it cautiously approached.

“…Hey kitty.” Leticia rasped before leaning her head back against the wall behind her, still able to hear the sounds of the celebrations going on throughout the Royal City. 

“…It’s been a fun…five years…” It was getting more and more difficult to breathe. So this is death? Leticia chuckled weakly to herself, already feeling her strength fading. “…If this is…death… Then I am…afraid…no longer…” She coughed harshly. “S’rry Yuri… Let’s…meet again…in the…next life…”

Memories danced across the back of her eyes—when had things became so complicated?

“I’m leaving the Royal City tonight, Tish. And I want you to come with me.”

She remembered Giles, and how he’d approached her when he’d first announced his intention to leave the Royal City and the Effendi’s service. Barely a year later, when she’d heard rumours of his elimination at Yuri’s hands, Leticia realised what a fool she had been, and how much Giles had meant to her.

She was relieved when she had learned much later that Giles was still alive.

But it was too late for regrets, wasn’t it?

Even as Leticia’s vision started to turn hazy, she heard a familiar deep chuckle.

Giles… I’m coming…

Next to Leticia’s body, the black cat meowed pitifully.

✯✯✯ 

Liam hadn’t felt like joining in the celebrations with the rest of Legion. And apparently, his sister and some of her friends were of a similar mindset as well, as Soma and Gale could be found offering prayers at the memorial spot when he’d passed by the area on the way to Dominion headquarters.

Liam wondered for a moment if Gale was still feeling affected by the execution he had to perform just a day ago. 

“Yuri, are you here?” Liam called out as he reached the top floor of Dominion headquarters and pushed open the doors of what he had presumed must have originally been Hiram Georges’s office.

Yuri stood in the darkness before the desk, staring at a photo frame. The only lights visible came from the streets below and the moonlight above. 

Yuri half-turned as Liam entered.

“I thought you’d want to participate in the celebrations.” Yuri commented, placing the photo frame back onto the desk.

Liam only shrugged, slowly approaching his sister. He frowned internally; Yuri looked pale even in the darkness. “I don’t feel like it,” he admitted. “And I kinda want to talk to you anyway— I have since the war ended.” He swallowed the lump that had appeared in his throat. Yuri didn’t flinch away from him, and Liam took that as a good sign—though she turned back to look out of the window and at nothing in particular. “What…do you want to do now? Are you going to stay in Adaytren?”

Yuri didn’t say anything for several long moments. Finally, she turned to look at Liam, her breathing laboured. Liam’s eyes widened slightly before Yuri collapsed into his arms.

“Yuri?”

“…This is it for me…” Yuri rasped, her voice hoarse even as Liam slowly lowered her to the ground, never letting his sister go, alarmed. “This…is as far…as I go… I’m…at my limit…”

She coughed harshly and Liam was startled to see the bright crimson blood on her chin—a stark contrast against her pale skin.

“What in the…?”

Yuri lifted a shaking hand and grasped Liam by his coat. Her eyes were almost feverish-looking and clouded over. “…Get…Gale and Karen…” It sounded as if it took a great deal of effort for Yuri to even get those words out. “I…can’t…go on…anymore…”

✯✯✯ 

The events for the next several hours were a complete blur to Liam.

He had no memory of contacting Gale, but at some point, Gale and Soma appeared, and Gale had whisked Yuri off to one of the makeshift infirmaries in the palace.

Liam had almost lost count of just how long he’d been outside the infirmary waiting for news about his sister, his mind in a complete whirl.

He almost jumped when he felt something touched his cheek, and Liam looked up only to see a solemn looking Soma holding out a disposal cup to him. The guy had been with Liam since Karen had ushered Yuri into the infirmary, and Gale had entered to help her as none of them had been able to contact Leticia. Karen had even sent off a quick message to Ethan and Hayden to have them look for the woman.

That had been hours ago.

“It’ll help to calm you down.” Soma still held out the cup to Liam who took it silently, realising that it was half-full of hot coffee. He warmed his hands around the cup.

Liam was silent for several long moments, sipping at the cup slowly. “…Did you know?” he asked at last, his voice cracked and hoarse. It sounded as though he had been crying for hours when in actual fact, the tears hadn’t come at all. When was it, Liam had wondered, when he had even forgotten how to cry?

Soma only looked in Liam’s direction momentarily from his position against the wall before turning his attention back towards the closed doors where, Karen, Gale and Yuri were.

“…I’ve suspected that something is wrong with her for a while now.” Soma admitted at long last. “But I didn’t know for sure. And it’s not like Yuri herself was trying all that hard to hide it anyway. It’s pretty damn obvious even from when we first started planning to take the Royal City.”

Liam chewed on his bottom lip, biting it almost hard enough to draw blood. “…What kind of brother am I when I didn’t even notice anything?” he murmured to himself.

“In a way, I guess it isn’t really your fault.” Soma answered gruffly. “Twin brother or not, you’ve barely been in her life for a year. You can’t know her that well compared to some of the others. But if even I could see the signs, there’s no way you wouldn’t.” Soma studied Liam’s profile carefully. “Or could it be…that you didn’t want to admit it to yourself? You didn’t want to see it?”

Soma’s blunt words cut straight to the core of Liam’s soul.

Liam’s shoulders shook even as he set the coffee cup aside. “…Don’t say it…” he whispered, almost begging.

Soma acted as if he didn’t hear Liam, “You didn’t want to admit to yourself that your sister is dying? And that there isn’t anything that anyone can do for her anymore?”

In a blur of speed that Soma had no idea Liam was capable of, Liam slammed both hands by either side of Soma’s head, barricading him in, silver-blue eyes shining with silent fury that Soma was afraid of Liam for a moment.

“I said, don’t say it!” Liam thundered. For a moment, he looked mad enough to take out his gun and start shooting Soma.

Despite himself, Soma met with Liam’s eyes without fear. “You can’t avert your eyes from the truth.” Soma reminded Liam solemnly. “Don’t turn away from it, Liam, no matter how ugly the truth is. You’ll be no different from those whom we’ve fought if so.” He murmured, reaching up to peel Liam’s hands away from the wall.

Liam stumbled backwards, his eyes a whirl of confused emotions. “…I spent years searching for her, you know?” he muttered at last. “I only…wanted my sister back. To get to know her. But now…” Liam’s voice trailed off, cracking at the end. “It’s not fair. Why Yuri? Why her?” Soma looked away pointedly so he could tell the truth if someone ever asked—that he hadn’t seen Liam cry. “Hasn’t she been through enough? Why…? Why couldn’t it have been me instead?”

Soma didn’t know how to respond. He’d never had people important enough to him to wish that he had taken their place to suffer instead. And even now, he could make the count on one hand and still have fingers left over.

The sound of the doors to the infirmary opening caught both their attentions, and Liam hurriedly rubbed his sleeve across his eyes so that it wouldn’t look like he’d been crying.

“Gale!”

Gale looked worn and haggard. “What’s all that noise?”

“How is she?” Liam ignored the question.

“I don’t know.” Gale shook his head. “Karen kicked me out. It’s all up to her now.” He studied Liam carefully. “Yuri didn’t tell you anything, did she?” He stated more than questioned, but Liam’s silence answered more clearly than any verbal answer could. Gale sighed. “Figures.”

“Did you know about it, Gale?” Liam questioned fervently.

“About this?” Gale questioned and Liam nodded. The older boy sighed, his shoulders slumping. “Yeah. Right from the very beginning.” Gale admitted. 

“…Why didn’t she say anything?” Liam murmured, staring at the ground beneath his feet. “I’m her brother. I at least have the right to know…”

“She probably didn’t want to put that look on your face.” Soma stated bluntly.

Gale nodded. “The few of us who knew that Yuri…didn’t have long… Well, we didn’t take it that well when we first learned about it,” he admitted. “Leticia and Karen are former Dominion medics. They’re also the ones that you should be thanking for keeping Yuri alive until now. But even they can’t do much more.”

Gale hesitated, wondering how to phrase his next words. “What is happening to her now—it’s a by-product of the insane experiments that Ezekiel performed on her as a child.” He sighed, raking his hand through his hair, looking at a spot on the wall somewhere above their heads so that he didn’t have to look at the horrified expressions on Liam and Soma’s faces. “If you’d looked through past records relating to the Specialised Soldier Program, you would have realised that even those few survivors never lived long afterwards due to how the treatments and experiments done on them wrecked their bodies beyond repair. Mikhail and myself…” Gale swallowed a lump in his throat. “We’re the lucky ones. The side effects aren’t as bad with us, as Ezekiel never did as many treatments like he did with Yuri. Yuri… She isn’t so lucky.”

The doors to the infirmary opened again behind Gale before he could elaborate on his words, and three pairs of eyes snapped towards Karen who looked drained and solemn.

“Karen!”

“How’s Yuri?”

“Have they found Leticia yet?” Karen posed a question to Soma instead, ignoring Liam and Gale momentarily. 

Soma shook his head. “Hayden and Ethan are still searching the Royal City for her,” he admitted. He wouldn’t say it out loud, but he had a bad feeling that something had happened to Leticia for her to go out of contact so abruptly.

“Karen, how’s Yuri?” Liam found his patience wearing thin, and grabbed Karen by the elbow to make her look at him. “How is she?”

Karen hesitated, looking from one to the other before her shoulders slumped.

“I need you to stay calm and listen to me,” she said at last, eyes shifting from one face to the next. “It’s not good news.”

✯✯✯ 

Nearly a week later, when everything had settled down, Sage Lieben and Sigmund Lestat met again to decide on their path going ahead for Adaytren.

“So we’re officially returning to being a democracy then.” Sigmund stated more than questioned.

Lieben gave a nod as he read the report in his hand before looking at Sigmund. “Alec of the Undertakers had acted as the representative for the underground, and between the two of us as well as the remnants of the Enforcers, we have decided on the best route for Adaytren going ahead, and it’s obvious to all involved that a democracy will be the best thing to ever happen to Adaytren,” he said. “As for Hiram…” He trailed off.

“Gale and Yuri actually approached me about this two weeks ago.” Lieben admitted, and Sigmund looked surprised. “They spoke up for him. As did Karen and Ethan and Hayden. And much as I hate to admit it, we do need his help and expertise.” Lieben grunted.

“He’s not a bad man, Sage.” Sigmund defended. “Dominion are the people’s advocates—their protectors, regardless of who is in charge. It’s just that in recent years, the Effendi had more of a hold and control over them due to Ezekiel’s presence.”

“I know that.” Lieben grumbled. “So it’s been decided.” He handed a report to Sigmund who took it curiously only to find it to be an official document of pardon for Hiram Georges. “Five years of confinement to the Royal City, and another three years of monitored activities and he’ll be a free man. He is the strongest soldier in Adaytren, and a highly intelligent and shrewd man. Even the common populace admitted that. I might offer Marcus the same option, though I will need Ethan and Hayden to help. And speaking of those two…” Lieben frowned. “Do you have any idea what their plans are? Will they be staying or leaving?”

“Staying.” Sigmund answered promptly. “They said that someone needs to help to rebuild. And honestly, they know the ways of the militia, and how to construct one from scratch, much better than we do at this point.”

Lieben could admit that much. “And speaking of Dominion…” he trailed off slowly, pretending to be busy rearranging the papers in front of him before he looked at Sigmund. “Yuri and Liam… They’re leaving in two days, aren’t they?”

Sigmund nodded solemnly. “And if you had any common sense or decency at all, Sage, you’d let them,” he said. “Adaytren has done too much to them. It has taken too much from them—more than any other person. I’d let them both leave, with an invitation to return at any time. It’s the least that we can do. They’ve been through enough.”

Sage frowned at that, but he knew better than to argue with Sigmund. “And Gale?” he prompted.

“He’s leaving too.” Sigmund admitted. “On a self-finding journey or something, according to him. Who knows, he might even meet up with Yuri and Liam sometime in the future. Can’t keep him away from Yuri for long. Now that they’re no longer enemies, he can finally act on his feelings.” Sigmund gave Sage a sharp look. “And don’t you go getting any wild ideas, Sage.” He warned. “Only mad men and fools cross the Enforcers. We’ve just been through a war ourselves. I’m not about to be pulled straight into another one just because you can’t keep your hands off them.”

Sage raised his hands in surrender. While he didn’t like the idea of having the best fighters in Adaytren wander about unchecked, he knew that trying to control them would be fruitless.

“Soma is leaving too.” Sigmund added, much to Sage’s surprise. “I think he’s leaving with Gale. Yuri probably asked him to accompany Gale, though he probably would have followed him either way. Gale saved Soma’s life and protected him for another further two years, so he’ll want to return the favour. I think that it’s likely only Gale and Yuri and maybe Alec that Soma even gives a damn about; they’ve never cared about his heritage or how he looks.”

“By birthright however, it is his right to rule Adaytren—”

“But he didn’t want to.” Sigmund interrupted. “He isn’t a leader. Even Soma admits that much. He’s had enough. He wants to leave and live his own life for a change. You need to leave them all to follow their own paths.”

Sage Lieben let out a bitter chuckle. “…I must be a really horrible person in your eyes, huh?” he murmured.

“You are a leader.” Sigmund stated bluntly. “And to be one, it means you have to make decisions that will often make people unhappy. That’s why I am here; I keep you and your decisions in check, and make sure that that you’re making the right ones.”

Sage let out a long sigh. “There are hundreds of problems waiting for us to resolve, but for now…” He hesitated, trailing off. “It’s finally over.”

Sigmund nodded with agreement. “It’s finally over,” he echoed.

✯✯✯ 

It didn’t come as much of a surprise to everyone when Liam announced his intentions to leave Adaytren. Hiram Georges, whom Liam hasn’t exactly met face-to-face yet, had requested a message and a gift to be passed to Liam via Gale.

Hiram’s personal boathouse—‘for your unclipped wings to fly once more’, the former commander of Dominion had stated, as well as a message for both the twins: never give up.

Liam looked away from the waves breaking in the harbour, past the shoulders of Natasha, Gale and surprisingly, Mikhail who had come to see them off, at Soma who was leaning against a lamp post not far away, arms folded across his chest and nodding to Liam when their eyes met.

“Why didn’t Yuri ever say anything…?” Liam murmured, looking back over his shoulder at the boathouse. “Was she seriously planning to die without letting me know?”

Natasha, Gale and Mikhail exchanged looks. “That day when she’d collapsed, she was planning to tell you.” Gale said at last, and Liam looked taken aback. “Yuri knew about her condition from the very beginning. None of us even talked about it, thinking it wouldn’t be real if we kept quiet.” He admitted. “It’s why Hiram kept trying to persuade me to have Yuri return to the Enforcers. He thought that if Yuri did, the Effendi or Ezekiel might keep her alive longer.”

Natasha snorted. “That would never have happened,” she said immediately. She’d had few interactions with Liam’s twin sister, but what little she knew about Yulia Michaelis was enough for Natasha to know that Yuri would sooner hurl herself off a cliff before accepting either Ezekiel or the Effendi’s assistance. 

“Yes, she’s always been really stubborn.” Mikhail admitted, a soft smile spreading across his lips.

Soma came forward to join the group. “What are you going to do now?” He asked Mikhail, honestly curious. “I doubt Gale would mind if you came along with us.” Gale only shrugged in response.

“I’m going to help them rebuild.” Mikhail admitted. “They need all the help they can get now. And after that? Who knows?” He sighed, raking a hand through his hair. “Adaytren has never really been ‘home’ to me. The only time it felt that way was when we were in the program together.” He smiled sadly at Gale. “When I had you and Yuri by my side. If things have been different, we might even have been Enforcers together. Fate is a funny thing, huh?” Mikhail raised a hand and turned it at the wrist, indicating how easily things could switch places. “So your mind’s made up? You’re going to leave with Yuri?” He directed the question towards Liam.

Liam nodded. “I’m leaving,” he echoed. “I’m officially leaving the Legion, too. I only joined them to find my sister to begin with. Besides, Yuri needs me more now than the Legion does.” He added.

“Leticia did her best, Liam.” Gale leapt to Leticia’s defence, hearing an accusatory overtone. “Medical knowledge in Adaytren is outdated thanks to how isolated we’ve been since the Effendi took power. Honestly, it’s a bloody miracle that she managed to keep Yuri alive this long.”

“I know that!” Liam snapped. “I’m not blaming her. I know she’s done her best.” He glared at the ground, hurriedly blinking so that the angry tears wouldn’t fall. “If Ezekiel wasn’t already dead, I’d kill him myself. I only hoped that Leticia at least made him suffer!”

“Considering the state of his body when we found him, I’m sure that she did.” Natasha tried to hide an amused smile when she recalled how her squad had reacted upon discovering Ezekiel’s bloodied body next to an exhausted Leticia.

“What do you think I should do now?” Liam asked suddenly, looking from face to face. “I…don’t really have a plan. I only know I want to take Yuri away from Adaytren. And I doubt that we’ll be coming back again.” He let out a bitter laugh.

Not to the country that had inflicted so much pain and suffering on his twin sister.

Gale and Mikhail exchanged looks, a silent message passing between them both before Gale turned his attention back towards Liam. “Take her to Algade,” he told Liam. “Out of all our neighbouring nations, they’re currently the most advanced in terms of medical sciences and technology. We’re still establishing a treaty with them, but they might be more agreeable to Adaytren natives entering their waters. And they might be able to do something for Yuri.”

Liam nodded, a plan already slowly formulating in his head. “It’s worth a try,” he admitted. “However much time we have left…” He closed his eyes briefly, “I want to spend it to the fullest.”

Natasha nibbled at her bottom lip. “You know, maybe I should go with you after all—”

“Don’t be stupid, Nat. We’ve already been over this.” Liam interrupted. “Adaytren and the Legion needs you—”

“Well, you need me too.” Natasha retorted, annoyed. “You and Yuri. And don’t pretend like you don’t know Joshua is planning to go after you the first chance he gets, whether Lieutenant Lestat agrees or not.”

Liam sighed, rubbing his temples. “So that’s why he isn’t here today,” he muttered. Knowing Sigmund, he’d probably kept his son busy and somewhere where he can keep an eye on Joshua. “Whatever you and Joshua have in your heads, take care of Adaytren and the Legion first, before you come after me.” He said forcefully. 

Natasha scowled. “Fine!”

Gale laughed, and everyone present turned towards him with surprise. His laugh almost sounded like bells, and his smile reached his eyes. Liam could understand why Yuri had opened her heart to the guy.

“And here I thought that Yuri was bull-headed and stubborn.” Gale commented, and Mikhail hid a grin behind his hand. “Must be in the blood. You’re just like her. Hopefully, you don’t get into as much trouble as she did.”

“I should hope not.” Natasha deadpanned. “Not now when neither Joshua nor myself are there to hurl his ass out of the fire.”

 “You sure you don’t want to come with us?” Liam asked, and Gale shook his head.

“I want to see more of the world.” Gale admitted. “And I also want to make a stopover at my old hometown for a bit.” Both Natasha and Liam flinched at the mention of Hamlet, and Gale gave a small smile. “Yes, I know there’s nothing left. But I want to visit their graves. And tell them that our war is finally over. And maybe after that, I’ll come and find you.”

If Yuri is still alive by then, were the words that went unsaid.

“Yeah, we’ll be waiting.” Liam said at last. “Don’t be a stranger.”

An unreadable expression crossed Gale’s face as he eyed Liam carefully. The older boy then clapped Liam on the shoulder, almost knocking him over. “Protect her.” Gale said simply. He swallowed a lump in his throat, looking at Soma before turning his attention back towards Liam. “I’ll come to you as soon as I can. There’s just something that I need to do first.”

Liam nodded. “Yeah. Thank you for protecting Yuri when I couldn’t,” he answered. “Come and find us once you’re done with your wandering.”

“Yes.” A small smile appeared on Gale’s face. “A more permanent home… A peaceful life… One without fighting, and worrying whether we’d live long enough to see the next day. It sounds rather nice.” He smiled wistfully.

✯✯✯ 

The boat sped away from the Adaytren docks, leaving a foamy trail behind which dissipated after a few seconds.

Natasha, Gale, Mikhail and Soma all watched in silence until they could see the boat no longer—not even Gale and Mikhail with their enhanced senses.

“There they go.” Natasha was the first to break the silence, finally tearing her eyes away from the horizon, and turning to face Gale. “You sure you’re all right with leaving Yuri alone like this? Don’t you still have feelings for her?”

“I do. But I want to grow as a person and as a man before I return for her.” Gale answered immediately. “I want to see the world. Besides… I trust her brother to keep her safe.”

“He will. Liam will keep them both safe.”

“It’s surreal.” Soma said, tucking his hands into his pockets. “It’s almost a month since. But… We did what we set out to do. It’s over.”

“Yes. It’s been a long battle. A long fight.” Mikhail admitted. “It’s finally over.”

“But at what cost?” Natasha almost whispered to herself as she watched the three guys turn and walk away. “What did the war cost you? All of you? And Yuri?”

✯✯✯ 

“Sir, we will need you to meet with Ethan and Hayden in an hour.” Joshua Lestat informed Sage Lieben, poking his head into Sage’s temporary office in the palace. The younger man looked extremely harried, carrying a stack of papers in his arms. “We can’t put off building the new military hierarchy and system any longer.”

“Yes, I know.” Sage sighed and nodded. “I’ll be there on time. Just let them know.”

“Yes sir.” Joshua nodded firmly before he left, the door swinging shut behind him as he did so.

Several moments of long silence followed before Sage let out a long sigh, staring up at the ceiling. “Help me to make the right decisions this time, Johan,” he almost begged. “Let me do right by all those that have suffered. Especially for your daughter. She left Adaytren to me. To us. Let me live up to that belief.” Sage then opened the top drawer of the desk, reaching into it before drawing out a video recording device—one that Liam had returned to him along with his Legion pass and gun when he’d turned in his resignation a week earlier. The man pressed the power button, and was relieved to see that it turned on, and that it still had some juice left even as he played the last recording.

An image of Yuri appeared on the screen, already looking haggard and worried. Sage could see the car’s interior as the camera jerked with the vehicle’s movement, and if Sage wasn’t mistaken, that should be Liam in the driver’s seat next to her.

“I used to work for the Effendi as one of Dominion’s agents. But before that, I was one of the candidates for the Specialised Soldier Program—a program designed to create the ultimate soldier. And now, I’m back in the place where it had all begun. This will be the last stand. The final battle. A battle for Adaytren’s freedom. Win or lose, we’re betting everything on this.” A determined and fierce expression appeared on Yuri’s face. “My name is Yuri. Yulia Michaelis. And this is my story—one of destiny.”


