Starlight
Nikki Chartier

a Like The Stars novel (#1)
Copyright & License Notes
Copyright © 2013 Nikki Chartier.
All rights reserved.
First edition: August 29th, 2013

No part of this book may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the author, except where permitted by law.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please delete the file and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s hard work and dedication to creating this story.

Cover art: Pink Ink Designs

Author’s note:
This book was previously published as American Girl on Saturn under the author’s maiden name, Nikki Godwin.
Like The Stars
Starlight (#1)
Moonlight (#2)
Satellite (#3)


For more information, visit http://www.nchartierbooks.net or sign up for Nikki’s newsletter!


Dedication
David Desrosiers of Simple Plan, for making me a fangirl
Benji Madden of Good Charlotte, for making a fangirl out of Emily
And obviously, Emily – for the Emery you were then and the Aralie you are now.


1 | Shots Fired
My heart can’t take a Moo-llennium Crunch kind of night. The glow of my cell phone lights up the entire car. Dad’s face buzzes around in the cup holder like an electric firefly. 
I put the car in parked at the stop sign and inhale what feels like my last breath before I answer. It always feels like my last breath when Dad calls. I always know what he’s going to say. 
“Hello?” My heart doesn’t pound or thump or even flutter. It goes all corpse-like, completely lifeless inside of my chest. 
“Hey Chloe, have you guys dropped Paige off yet?” Dad asks. 
I nod, even though he can’t see me. “Yeah, just left her house.”
“Alright, well, we need you and Aralie to come on home. We’re thinking about going out for ice cream,” he says. 
“Oh,” I say. “What are you craving tonight?”
Please don’t say Moo-llennium Crunch. Please don’t say Moo-llennium Crunch. 
I glance over at Aralie, who’s texting in my passenger seat as if the ice cream conversation isn’t going on next to her. I don’t know how she stays so freaking calm at times like this. The ice cream conversation always means something bad has happened – something really bad, on a national level – and when your secret-service-agent of a dad tells you to get home, there’s room for panic. But Aralie never panics. 
 “I’m thinking just plain vanilla tonight,” Dad replies. 
The gods of cell phone transmissions rejoice as his words carry over the airwaves. He rambles on with the typical dad-lecture about safe driving, but I’m too thrilled about my heart’s resurrection at the word ‘vanilla’ to even listen to him. I probably say the word ‘okay’ eight times before ending the call with him. 
“So, vanilla disasters,” Aralie says after I give her the rundown of Dad’s info. “Let’s see what kind of headlines CNN is running.”
Her face lights up in the blue illumination of her cell phone screen. Vanilla disasters are usually big disasters that won’t affect us personally – hurricanes, tornadoes, or escaped inmates. They’re still big deals, and to anyone who’s being affected, it’d be more of a complex Moo-llennium Crunch kind of disaster, but for us, it’s vanilla. Moo-llennium Crunch disasters are for big things like 9/11, terrorist attacks, or pretty much anything that puts the USA on high-alert. 
“Okay, check this out. Circus Elephant Shot in Drive By Shooting,” Aralie reads. “You know PETA is all over that. Hmm. They’ve upped the reward for any tips that may lead to finding that dude’s body that was stolen from the morgue.”
That headline has been on every news channel, internet site, and trending on Twitter for weeks. Even Dad is sick of hearing about the kid, and he’s the type to volunteer for odd cases. That corpse is long gone, and the sick creeps who stole it will have to live with that on their consciences.
“Oh my God,” Aralie says. She buries her phone into her chest and throws her head back laughing. “Shots Fired at Spaceships Around Saturn’s NYC Show!” 
I almost laugh too until I imagine the look on Emery’s little five-year-old face if something happened to her beloved boy band or worse, her precious Benji Baccarini. I let off the accelerator and coast along the streets waiting for Aralie to say something. 
“Don’t give me that look,” she says. “They’re all fine. Even Benji Bikini. I deserve a laugh after sitting through two and a half hours of werewolf lust and listening to your annoying best friend through it all.”
She has a point, so I keep driving. Aralie and Paige were my only options for seeing Bloodstream, the second movie in the Rainwater Trilogy, in theatres. It’s not like I could go with my old clique after the break up heard around the world. In fact, if I never see Deacon McCullough again, it’d be too soon. He’s a Moo-llennium Crunch kind of disaster. 

Black cars and SUVs fill our wrap-around driveway before we even get home. I pull around to the side of the house and park my car. No one thinks twice when our house is slammed with government agents. There could be a national crisis happening in our living room, and the entire city would be oblivious. Sadly, this is typical. 
“My money’s on the elephant,” Aralie says. “What do you think?”
“By the lack of PETA vehicles, I’m going to go with the kid from the morgue,” I say. 
I sling my purse over my shoulder and follow my sister to the front door. As predicted, uniformed officials rush around in our house. Mom brushes by, making mention of bed sheets and clean towels, while Dad wraps himself up in a conversation with homeland security agents. I don’t need an ice cream conversation to tell me that this goes beyond circus elephants and drive by shootings.
Whirlwind mode takes over. The uniforms become a dark blur, spiraling around me like a massive black hole sucking me into the depths of space. There’s so much static and noise fizzling in and out. It doesn’t even feel like our living room anymore. 
Dad finds Aralie and me somewhere in the mix of it and pulls us toward the dining room. Mom sits at the table, and Godfrey, our fake butler and pseudo-grandfather, stands behind her. Did someone die? Their faces have aged in minutes. 
“We haven’t explained the ‘why’ to Emery yet,” Dad begins. 
He sits next to Mom and motions for us to sit across from them. Godfrey remains a statue.
“We don’t want her to get upset,” Dad continues. “There were shots fired tonight in New York at the…”
Oh, I know this isn’t happening. Did he seriously call us and get us home because of Emery’s boy band? Dad clearly doesn’t understand the emotional turmoil I’ve faced since prom night when I was officially labeled ‘The Ice Queen’ of the senior class. My summer plans were to forget about stupid boys. Yet Dad calls us home to tell us someone’s blasting off at five, admittedly, cute Canadian boys? 
But that’s not even the worst of it. 
“….on American soil…feel obligated to protect…sort of like witness protection.” Dad’s words come in spurts. 
Emery bursts into the kitchen, and Dad falls silent. Her golden blonde curls flap in the air as she runs toward us, hugging her Spaceships Around Saturn pillow to her chest. 
“Do you think they’ll sign it? I need a Sharpie! Chloe! I need Sharpies!” She screams the words in my face. Her eyes get all crazy, like a taxidermy laughing hyena.
Mom gives Dad those sad eyes. She and Godfrey hurry Emery back upstairs, and Dad leans in on the table. He uses his serious voice. 
“Here’s the deal. We don’t exactly have a plan of action for situations like this. There was a media frenzy, and our number one priority was the safety of those boys,” he says. “So in the midst of it all, someone suggested hiding them out while we follow leads, and I volunteered to let them stay here.”
“Ohhh God.” Aralie groans. “I thought you said this was a vanilla disaster. It’s feeling pretty Moo-llennium Crunch to me. You think Emery will actually keep her mouth shut when Benji Bikini is in our house? The world will know in three minutes with her mouth.”
“Baccarini,” Dad corrects her. “Please be respectful while they’re here, Aralie. None of those silly nicknames. Emery will be silent because we’re going to be on lockdown. The Saturn boys and, well, you girls.”
Lockdown. I don’t even know what Dad’s definition of ‘lockdown’ is, but it instantly sounds like misery. Being locked down with Spaceships Around Saturn is the dream of nearly every teenage girl worldwide, but we have plans this summer. Our social calendars are full, and that Cancun trip took months of begging, convincing, and negotiating. 
Now our summer is a prison sentence. 
“It shouldn’t take very long,” Dad says, as if it’ll make things better. “A week, maybe two. We already have a few leads, and we’ve got a huge team of people working around the clock to catch the person or persons responsible.”
Sometimes I think he forgets when he’s supposed to be in dad-mode. He slips back into government jargon so easily. Simple conversation always sounds like a press statement. He even has that political tone.
Aralie sighs next to me. “Why can’t you just put them in witness protection or something?”
Dad shakes his head. “Witness protection would keep them in society under aliases. We really need them to fall off the map. This will be their safe house until the situation is under control. But that means they can’t be seen, and you girls can’t really afford to leave any more than absolutely necessary. The less you’re exposed to the public, the less chance of the secret slipping.”
I can’t allow myself to listen as Dad rattles off the list of things we’ll have to miss out on during this lockdown. There goes my summer, Aralie’s summer, and our entire calendar of pool parties and festivals and sunshine. There goes Cancun. 
Those glorious plans shrink further and further away from me until they’re just tiny dots being sucked into the galaxy…all the way to Saturn.

Our living room is like a piece of candy on a sidewalk, swarmed with government ants and SAS staff. Dad ushers all of us back toward the couch. Emery beats us there, all snuggled up to her bright purple SAS pillow that’s shaped like the planet Saturn and has the guys’ pictures on it. If there is a poster child for Saturnites, Emery is it. This is so not the first impression I want them to have of us.
Dad nods to a lady with dark hair across the room. She’s probably old enough to be my mom, but she’s wearing a black cocktail dress and bling. She was probably headed to some awesome after-party in NYC. She steps into a corner with her cell phone. That nod from Dad must’ve been some kind of secret agent signal.
“This is Wendy Smith-Lewey with Kathryn Hunter Public Relations Company,” she says into her phone. “Our official statement to the press is as follows.” 
She clears her throat before reading a carefully-worded document.
“Tonight, shots were fired at the boys’ show in New York City. The boys of Spaceships Around Saturn were immediately removed from the location and taken to a safe house until further notice. The United States government responded quickly to the threat and have eliminated the possibility of further danger. Shows for Boston, Washington D.C., and Nashville will be rescheduled for a later date. More reschedulings or cancellations may follow as the situation progresses. Right now, our number one priority is the safety of Spaceships Around Saturn and their many fans who attend their shows each night. We will be closely in contact with government officials throughout this investigation. Thank you.” 
She bolts out of the room as quickly as she entered to read her press statement. A slew of agents follow her outside. As the crowd dwindles and Dad stalks the windows, I realize we’re minutes away from being the envy of every girl across the globe. 
Emery hums next to me and bounces on the couch. 
“Benji…Bikini…Baccarini,” she sings to herself in a random tune. 
This is a thousand times worse than when I lost the coin toss and had to follow the guys on Twitter for Emery. Aralie likes to inform people that I follow not only the band’s account but each guy individually. Not having to follow them was an ultimate victory for her. 
However, I can’t ever see what’s up with my favorite rock band because @Benji_Baccarini tweets all day, every day. If I could rewind tonight and get my summer back, I’d even retweet Benji’s pointless ramblings about his new shoes and hoodie weather and ugly hotel carpet.
Headlights twirl around the room. Dad rushes to the door, but Emery’s beloved Benji Bikini isn’t here yet. Instead, a tall Cuban guy with boulders for arms and a tight black T-shirt walks in. 
“Hey Tank!” Emery yells across the room, waving her arms excitedly.
I cringe and wish there was a way I could slip in between the couch cushions to the land of lost pennies, dust bunnies, and bread crumbs. If Emery is this thrilled over seeing SAS’s bodyguard, I don’t even want to imagine the moment those Canadian boys step through our doorway. 
Tank smiles and waves back to her. I feel like the ultimate loser of all eighteen-year-old losers because I, Chloe Branson, am familiar with Tank Rodriguez, and no girl my age should know who he is unless she’s directly linked to Spaceships Around Saturn. 
I guess, in some way, I am linked now. I’m linked by a cosmic force called lockdown.
Aralie stretches out on the other side of Emery and asks the one question that neither of us want an answer to. “When are they supposed to get here?”
Emery’s eyes light up with that laughing hyena glaze again, waiting for Dad to announce the arrival of Benji Bikini and his four brothers from Saturn. 
But Dad doesn’t get a chance to answer. 
The doorbell beats him to it. 
2 | Meet the Band
The idea to wedge Emery between Aralie and myself wasn’t strategized, but I do believe it was a genius plan. She wiggles around next to me, craning her neck to see into the foyer. Every possible person from planet Saturn files in through our front door. I don’t recognize anyone else, so I assume they’re probably management teams, public relations staff, vocal coaches, and whoever else may tour with the band.
Team Saturn flows from the foyer into the living room, lining our living room walls like paint. Then Dad and Tank rush for the door, and Emery’s arms flail with excitement. Aralie clamps her hand over Emery’s mouth the moment we see his blonde hair. 
Benji Baccarini – the face of Spaceships Around Saturn – stands in our foyer, on our hardwood floors, breathing in our American air conditioning.
Even I’m a bit star-struck.
He looks like he does on the posters on Emery’s bedroom walls. He has a perfect blonde surfer shag and bright blue eyes and looks like he was plucked right off of a sandy beach rather than somewhere in Canada. He stretches his arms back while talking to Tank. The rings on his Saturn tattoo morph into a blur on his arm. 
That hyena look in Emery’s eyes begins to creep me out. She can barely catch her breath, so her words come out in a crazed whisper. “Benji Bikini is in our house!” 
“Baccarini,” I whisper back. 
I admit, it used to be funny when Aralie called him Benji Bikini just to get under Emery’s skin, but now that he’s thirty feet away from us – in our freaking house – the nickname is so not funny.
Dad introduces the guys to Mom and Godfrey, then points toward the couch. Benji’s the only one in my line of vision, but he doesn’t smile when he glances up. I wonder if it’s because their summer tour has been ruined. Or maybe it’s because of that stupid purple pillow Emery is clutching. Either way, I don’t like his expression.
Dad motions them into the living room, telling them to grab a seat, and I swear, I feel the panic bubbling up in my chest. This must be how Emery feels whenever she watches their DVD and squees like a fangirl. If my heart is near exploding, I can’t imagine how fast her little heart is fluttering right now. 
This is crazy. I’m not even a boy band kind of girl. Sebastian’s Shadow, my favorite band, is rock – screaming rock – with edgy guitar riffs and hardcore drum loops and metaphorical lyrics about ripping your heart out. Who knew the guys of Spaceships Around Saturn are actually ten times hotter in person than on Twitter?!
I may be able to tolerate lockdown just for the eye candy. Aralie, on the other hand, sighs dramatically and slouches on the couch. If any of us could pass for a rock star, it’d be Aralie. She’s as much a poster girl for the punk rock scene as Emery is a Saturnite. Benji Bikini doesn’t rank very highly on Aralie’s list.
Fortunately for my and Emery’s cardiovascular health, Benji finds a spot on the loveseat across the room. 
Noah, the tattooed brunette, sits next to him. He doesn’t look like the boy band type at all. He has more of the emo, punk rocker vibe about him. He’s as out of place as Aralie is.
Tate settles in on the other side of Aralie, introduces himself to her, and says, “Welcome to the summer of hell.” How sweet. He’s my age, but I swear, the guy looks fifteen. He has the kind of baby face that pre-teen girls are attracted to.
SAS’s resident bad boy, Jules, slams himself against the wall in true jerkoff fashion. He folds his arms over his chest and shoots evil eyes toward Benji. He’s probably relaying some Saturn-ish telepathic message about how miserable this is going to be.
“Mind if I sit?” A voice breaks me away from deciphering the cosmic communication between the bromance known as Jenji. 
I glance up to see Milo, the only SAS guy with any sense of maturity, standing over me. He nods toward the armrest, and I quickly jerk my arm back toward myself. He eases onto the armrest, and the scent of his body wash makes my head swim. Can you faint from awesome boy scent? 
Emery never says much about any of the guys aside from Benji, but I feel like I know the basic gist of who they are from their tweets. Noah and Tate are goofy and immature. Jules tries too hard to keep up a badass image. 
Milo is the one who stays calm and collected through everything. He talks the others down from the ledge. He gets visible tattoos although management wants to keep him wholesome. He’s only rude when he’s been pushed to the limits, and he adds a lot of extra letters to the end of words because Spaceships Around Saturn has “the best fans everrrrr.”
But he’s never once tweeted that he smells like heaven or has eyes the color of the caramel inside of a Milky Way candy bar. These are the kinds of things girls need to know, Milo! Especially before you sit down on the armrest next to them! 
Dad clears his throat, takes his place at the center of the room, and introduces himself as Secret Service Agent Scott Branson. He uses his official government voice. Then he looks to Mom. She rushes over to the couch, behind us, and leans over. 
“Emery, sweetheart, I need you to come help me,” she says quietly. 
Emery’s face scrunches up like an ugly baby doll. Her eyes squint, and she pouts her lips. Mom doesn’t buy the sad face, and even though tears drip down Emery’s cheeks, Mom carries her out of the room. That purple pillow remains in Emery’s grip. Thank God she took it with her.
That poor child has no clue that her precious Benji Bikini…Baccarini…had shots fired at him tonight. I zone in on Dad so I can avoid making eye contact with anyone else in the room, but Milo nudges my shoulder.
“Slide down,” he mouths. He nods his head sideways. 
I scoot over closer to Aralie, forcing her closer to Tate, and Milo eases down onto the couch with us. He wedges me tightly between himself and Aralie. He repositions as best he can for comfort, then glances at me and mouths, “Thanks.” 
I remain as still as I possibly can because if I move the slightest inch, his skin will brush against mine, and I don’t think I can take it.
If Emery was ever right about anything, it was Spaceships Around Saturn. Yeah, it was lame and clichéd and totally stupid when she’d say they were ‘out of this world,’ but really, these guys aren’t from Earth. At least not Milo. 
No human boy smells this good or has eyes that caramel-ish. I’ve never seen a guy fit so perfectly into a T-shirt. The dark gray fabric hugs every curve of his body, every muscle in his arm, every ripple of his abs. Ohmygod this isn’t happening. I am not checking out Milo Grayson of Spaceships Around Saturn.
I’m dreaming because something this insane would only happen in my dreams. Or in Emery’s dreams. This isn’t real.
Part of me wants to take a deep breath and get myself together, but I know if I inhale too deeply, his body wash will rush through my sinuses and into my brain and down through my blood cells, and then my heart will erupt into little pieces of Saturn. 
I settle on shallow breaths and remind myself that he’s just a guy – a human guy – who happens to be in an internationally famous Canadian boy band. He just happens to be even more beautiful in person than on Twitter, and screw this – he’s totally from Saturn. Earthlings don’t look like this.
Dad clears his throat, bringing me back to planet Earth, and explains the situation, repeating what everyone already knows – shots were fired, government is following leads, guys have to hide out – as we all pretend like this is the first time we’re hearing it. 
“But right now, we have to sort through what leads may be real and what may be rumors,” Dad says. “We have officials working around the clock to get you guys back on tour as quickly as possible. Hopefully this won’t take any longer than two weeks.”
“Two weeks?” Jules bolts off the wall with asteroid-like impact. “Do you know how many shows we have over two weeks? People schedule their summer vacations around us!”
Benji jumps up and grabs Jules’s arm, pushing him back toward the wall, but it’s useless. Jules pushes Benji away and hurries across the room, into the foyer, and out the front door. Milo forces himself up from the couch to go after Jules, but Tank holds up his hand and halts Milo from going outside. Instead, the bodyguard goes after the bad boy, and Milo squeezes himself back in between me and the armrest. I wish he’d stop moving so much. 
“I’m so sorry, Mr. Branson,” Milo says once he’s comfortable again. “Jules has a tendency to blow up about things.” 
My dad says something about stressful situations and how it’s understandable to be tense at times like these, but I keep playing back “Mr. Branson” in my head and imagining what it’d be like if Milo was a normal Earthling who I could bring home to meet my dad. Thank the gods of Saturn I couldn’t see that moment when they first met in the foyer. I might’ve faltered witnessing that initial fatherly handshake. 

Dad waits a few moments before he carries on. Jules and Tank don’t come back inside, so we venture from explanations into the “rules ceremony.” 
The guys have to remain at our house, either inside or around the back patio, at all times. They cannot venture off on the property and risk being seen by neighbors, media, or passersby. They cannot access social media accounts or be present online at any time. They must turn in their cell phones so hackers cannot locate them through cell towers and reveal the coordinates of their location.
“But I met this really awesome girl tonight,” Tate says from the other side of Aralie. “She was like…the coolest girl ever. I met her at the hotel, before the show, and I promised I’d call her after the show was over.”
“You’ll have to contact her once this is all over,” Dad says. “If she was there tonight, she knows what happened and should understand the situation.”
“You don’t get it,” Tate says. “She was awesome and really pretty. Her name is Hannah, and she almost didn’t give me her number because she didn’t believe I’d actually call.”
Milo leans forward, looking past me and Aralie at Tate. 
“Was she the blonde in the pink shirt?” he asks.
Tate nods his head, almost panicked.
 “She reminded me of that girl whose number you got last night,” Milo says. “And the night before that.”
Tate sticks out his tongue. “I really was going to call this one, though,” he says.
Dad intervenes with some well-rehearsed spill about how this isn’t the ideal situation for anyone and having to make the best of it, but he’s just static to my ears. 
Who does this Hannah girl think she is? What makes her so special that a Spaceships Around Saturn guy would ask for her number? If Milo asked for my number at a show, I don’t think I could scribble it down fast enough for him. But from the way Milo talks, it sounds like Tate gets a lot of phone numbers.
There’s something said about prepaid phones and “agents will bring them if you need to contact home” as well as management monitoring their phone calls to family members during lockdown. Luckily Aralie and I have to maintain as much of a normal life as we possibly can…just without much of a social calendar. At least we can keep our phones. I don’t know how Benji will survive a possible two weeks without Twitter. 
“And we don’t want Emery, our youngest daughter, to know what happened tonight,” Dad says as Jules walks back into the room.
The bad boy walks behind us and posts himself against the wall behind the couch. He smells like rotten cigarettes. 
“She’s a big fan, and she’s too young to fully comprehend why anyone would do something like what was done tonight, so if we could just keep it under wraps around her, that would be greatly appreciated,” Dad concludes. 
With social media and today’s technology, Emery will know before sunrise. There’s no way to keep this a secret. Dad should know this.
The guys exit with their management team shortly after to get the last bit of their belongings from the cars outside and turn in their cell phones so we don’t have crazed lunatics shooting at our house. Or worse – crazed fans tearing our house down to get to their favorite Canadian boys.
Moments later, Godfrey shows the guys upstairs to our many guest rooms, and Mom returns to the living room. Aralie and I don’t speak when she sits down on the ottoman across from us.
“Emery is finally asleep,” she says. “Hopefully the guys can settle in some tonight before getting the full force of her in the morning.”
Mom’s the only one who laughs, though. Emery is the least of my concerns. My entire summer is now nonexistent, and I’m lusting after Milo Grayson. Seriously? I have bigger problems. Emery isn’t an issue – for once. 
“Listen, Chloe,” she says in that sympathetic mom-voice. She had the same tone the night Deacon and I broke up. “You really need to call Paige and let her know that Cancun is cancelled for this summer.”
She says all of the right motherly things – “I know how much you girls were looking forward to this.” “I hate that we have to cancel, but this wasn’t part of our plans.” “Maybe next summer you can go for even longer than we’d planned this time.”
It’s not her fault. I can’t even blame the guys of Spaceships Around Saturn. Honestly, even if it was partially their fault, they’re too pretty to blame – except maybe Jules because he really does seem like a jerk. I hope whenever the USA government catches this idiot, my dad has a very long talk with him or her about how much crap we’ve all suffered through because of those bullets.

Two hours ago, I was thanking God for sending Paige to me because she’s the only friend who didn’t abandon me after the Deacon break up. I was naïve to think anyone would stick it out with me. Deacon had the entire high school in his back pocket. Apparently, being his girlfriend meant I should’ve given him what he wanted when he wanted it. Who knew having principles would work against me?
I step outside near the pool for a moment of silence to make the call. Car doors slam shut around the house, and engines start up. The management team and last few agents are finally leaving, which means we’ll soon be alone with Spaceships Around Saturn. I scroll through my contacts, select Paige’s name, and hit the call button before I can chicken out. 
“Hey!” she shouts through the earpiece. “I was just about to text you.”
She rattles off something about sneak peeks of the trailer for the final installment of the Rainwater Trilogy, and in the midst of her words, I blurt it out.
“Our trip to Cancun has been cancelled.” Ugh. That sounds so harsh.
“It’s what? Why? Since when? How could this happen?” Her questions go on without her coming up for oxygen.
“My dad told us when we got home,” I say. “Something about…terrorists…and stuff. He couldn’t give us any real details, you know, all that secret service business.”
I wonder if Paige can tell I’m stuttering through my words. I hate lying to her. I hate ruining her summer plans. This was her senior trip too, and she was only getting to go because my parents paid for it when her parents couldn’t. 
“Didn’t you beg and plead?” she asks. “We’d be careful. It’d be all three of us – me, you, and Aralie. We wouldn’t let each other get hurt or whatever.”
I should’ve begged Aralie to make this phone call instead. She doesn’t like Paige anyway. She’d have no problem hurting her feelings. Aralie is blunt and brutal in ways that aren’t always good. It’ll make for an interesting summer with Spaceships Around Saturn. Ugh, this sucks. I have a world-famous boy band in my house, and I can’t even tell my best friend.
“Well, Chloe, thanks a lot for ruining my summer. After all I’ve done for you, this is how you repay me? Really? You’re the worst friend ever.” With that, Paige hangs up on me.
Mom gives me sad eyes when I walk back into the house. 
“How’d it go?” she asks. 
I shrug my shoulders and say good night, then I head up to my room. I don’t want to think or lust or feel anything for the rest of the night. 
Tate was right – welcome to the summer of hell.
3 | Special Request
My phone buzzes on my pillow for the millionth time this morning. It’s Paige. Again. I open the message but only half-read it. It’s just a repeat of everything she’s already texted me this morning – another plea for me to talk to my parents and a well-thought-out apology for the terrible things she said last night. 
I knew she’d get over it. I’m really not even mad. I just don’t feel like dealing with her on top of Spaceships Around Saturn. I can’t tell her that, though. It feels weird even thinking about having them in our house. Maybe it was all a dream. Maybe Emery’s obsession has gone to my brain, and it was all an extraterrestrial dose of fiction.
But just in case it was real, I make a point to brush my hair, put on some makeup, and dress in non-pajama clothing before heading downstairs. Aralie’s complaints float up the staircase from the kitchen as I descend them. It already feels like a typical morning in the Branson household. 
Typical…until I round the corner and see Benji Baccarini planted at the dining room table. Last night floods back into my brain – Milo’s body wash, Milo’s caramel eyes, Milo calling my dad ‘Mr. Branson’ when Jules stormed out. So maybe “last night” doesn’t flood back into my brain – but Milo does.
“I have to do laundry,” Aralie says. 
“You can do it when you get back. Chloe will go with you,” Mom says. 
Aralie has never wanted to do laundry a day in her life, so if she’s using laundry as an excuse not to do something, this ‘something’ must be pretty awful. 
And Mom just volunteered me for it as well. 
My sister takes notice of me as soon as I walk into the kitchen. 
“Chloe,” Aralie says. “Tell Mom we can’t go grocery shopping for the band. It’s too risky, right?”
She shoots me this ‘you better agree with me’ look and waits for my reply. Grocery shopping for the band? These are five guys. Buying that many groceries would definitely look suspicious. 
“She has a point,” I agree. “Someone would know it wasn’t all for us. Our family couldn’t eat that much if we tried.”
Mom sighs and turns away from her glittery picture frame project on the counter. 
“You girls make everything so complicated,” she says. “I’ve already sent Godfrey out for the frozen items, and he’s picking up anything boy-related that they may need. Your dad left this morning, heading back to follow the investigation. I can’t afford to take Emery out in public right now. She’s too excited.”
I hate it, but Mom’s argument is stronger than Aralie’s. There’s no way we could let Emery back into society right after she witnessed her beloved Benji Bikini sitting on our loveseat. I sigh the ‘sigh of surrender.’ 
“We’ll do it,” I say. 
Aralie snatches a small stack of papers off the countertop. 
“You haven’t seen their lists!” she yells. “Benji’s goes on for two pages, and Noah has special instructions on his. Seriously, he described the packaging to make sure we get the right brands.”
Mom’s eyes bulge, but she doesn’t speak. We already know what she’d say, but she’s not going to scold Aralie in front of Benji and draw more attention to what was just said. I walk over to Aralie, take the lists, and look them over. She’s right – Benji’s is long, Noah’s is detailed, and…
“Well, this one is easy enough,” I say, holding up the third list. “Oreos and milk. Seriously? That’s my kind of list.”
Benji laughs from behind us. I glance over, but he’s eyeball-deep in a tattoo magazine, probably picking out his next piece of ink. 
“That’s Milo’s list,” Aralie says. “He’s clearly the least complicated of the group.”
Oh, sister dear, that’s what you think. He wasn’t crammed onto the couch next to her last night, squirming around and brushing his skin against hers every few seconds. She didn’t have to breathe him in or look into his eyes or suffer the burn scars from the hot lava melt of hearing him say ‘Mr. Branson.’ Was she even in the living room last night?
Aralie grabs her keys off the table, shoots a glimpse over her shoulder to me. 
 “I’m driving,” she says. 
Mom hands me her credit card and a list of supplies she needs for her craft classes. I fold the lists and tuck them into my jeans pocket until I can get back to my room and grab my purse. I could probably make a fortune off these lists online once this is all over and done. 
But I don’t know if I could part with Oreos and milk that easily.
“Aralie!” Mom calls out as I’m heading upstairs. “Don’t forget Emery’s special request.”
I stop on the third stair and look down at my sister, who’s waiting in the foyer for me.
“Special request?” I ask. 
Aralie laughs. “Oh, just wait. I’m going to let you handle that one.”

If I’d known Emery’s special request, I might have fought harder not to get groceries. I would’ve played off Aralie’s laundry excuse. I might’ve even thrown in some down and dirty yard work. But here I stand, with two loaded shopping carts, next to the birthday cards and stationery, staring at the rack of posters hoping no one I know sees me browsing the solo shots of Benji Baccarini. 
Aralie plays with her cell phone from behind the other shopping cart, leaving the final decision up to me. Emery wanted one where he’s smiling because if he’s serious, he looks mean like Jules – Emery’s words, not mine. She likes him better in T-shirts because he “looks normal like us.” I pick the one with the lime green background. There’s plenty of green space for him to write personal messages to her. 
I slip poster A7 into the cart, among the milk and Oreos and Noah’s low-fat angel hair pasta noodles with the green and red logo. Aralie beats me to the checkout line and unloads her cart. The items creep across the black conveyor belt.
“Big party? Or summer houseguests?” the cashier asks. 
She smacks her gum when she talks, and I want to smack her across the face. It’s none of her business.
“Out of town visitors…distant relatives,” Aralie says. “So distant you’d think they were from another planet.”
My face flushes in shades of red that would put Mars to shame, and I feel like this blonde-haired girl behind the register knows. She knows we have a boy band hidden in our house. She knows that Benji was sitting at our table this morning while Emery showed Noah and Tate around the backyard. I look away so I can’t inadvertently give her too much info through eye contact. I didn’t think I’d be this paranoid.
The tabloids and teen magazines stare back at me now. And there they are – even in the freaking checkout line at the grocery store – Spaceships Around Saturn, plastered on a magazine cover, decked out in tuxes for an awards show. I don’t even like the color bronze, but Milo’s vest and tie are as bronzy as a statue, and damn, it does him well.
By now, I’ve bypassed Mars and am certain my face is flaming like that big red bubble on Jupiter. I can’t look at the cashier, I can’t browse the tabloids, and I feel like every person in this grocery store is staring at us because they know!
“Don’t look back,” Aralie whispers as she eases toward my shopping cart. She grabs a few items, places them on the conveyor belt, and whispers again. “Deacon is two registers over.”
I drop my head quickly, hoping he won’t see us if we stoop down low enough to hide behind the candy racks. 
“Has he seen us?” I ask. 
She shakes her head. “I don’t think so. Just lay low, and he’ll be gone in a minute. He probably won’t even recognize my car out there.”
I begin to empty the second cart. The items beep and beep and beep until I hear the gum-smacking cashier complain about a scanning issue. Before I can fully process what’s not scanning, I hear her voice through the loudspeaker. 
“Price check on register three. I need a price check on the poster A7 of Benji Baccarini,” she announces. “Price check, register three. A7 poster of Benji Baccarini.”
Her voice echoes across the universe. An older lady rushes over to help her, explaining that she only needs to announce ‘price check’ and her register number. She says something about customer privacy and how not everyone wants a public service announcement of what is being purchased. The cashier answers the register’s phone and types in some numbers to get the poster’s price. I could’ve told her the price – the Canadian equivalent of one million US dollars’ worth of humiliation. 

I can’t get in the house fast enough. There’s a good chance Mom will be receiving a phone call soon from the grocery store telling her that Aralie and I are banned from shopping there until further notice. It would’ve been okay if Aralie hadn’t opened her mouth. I was doing just fine. I’d scooped up the last bit of my dignity and took the walk of shame to the sliding doors with Emery’s A7 poster in hand. I was fine. 
Until we spotted that fancy little blue sports car blocking the path to Aralie’s trunk. Deacon was hanging out the window, with his two best friends tagged along, clucking out the words, “Bock, bock, Baccarini!”
As if that weren’t enough to make me want to splatter onto the pavement and become part of the asphalt, Aralie’s backlash and obscenities were. And in pure high school fashion, the manager ran outside, jumped down Aralie’s throat for her “use of profanity on the premises,” and he politely asked Deacon to leave so as not to “provoke her” anymore. Deacon smiled that classic Deacon McCullough smile. Then he said, “Yes sir,” and drove on his way.
Now, rushing across the garage toward the kitchen door, I don’t think I’ll even be able to find words to tell Mom how awful it was. Even if I’m quoting Deacon, I don’t think I can bring myself to actually say the words “bock, bock, Baccarini.” 
Yeah, there’s absolutely no way I can cluck Benji’s last name out loud. Especially when he’s in our house.
The door bursts open in front of me, but I keep my head down. I cannot face a Saturn boy right now – especially one whose last name is Baccarini. I hurry across the kitchen, but I slam smack into one-fifth of Spaceships Around Saturn. I don’t even have to look up. I know who it is by the smell of his body wash. 
“Are you okay?” Milo asks. 
I don’t look up at him. I can’t. Those caramel eyes are way too beautiful to look into again. There’s no freaking way. 
I nod my head. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
I try pushing past him, but he doesn’t let me go around. Instead, he pulls me to the side and allows Godfrey to squeeze past us. Aralie runs in behind me. She doesn’t slam into a fifth of Saturn, though.
“Oh my God. Mom!” she screams instantly. 
Milo can’t stop me this time. I sprint around him, chasing after Aralie, but Mom hurries into the kitchen before we can escape to the land of private mother-daughter conversations. You’ve gotta be kidding me. We’re not really going to have the bock-bock-Baccarini conversation in front of Milo, are we?
Aralie begins the story with Emery’s poster not scanning. She tells it so dramatically, in grave detail, down to the gum-smacking and loudspeaker announcement. 
By now, Tate and Noah have joined ‘Story Time with Aralie’ and stand in the archway between the kitchen and dining room. Milo lingers between us and the garage door until Godfrey comes inside carrying too many bags at once. 
Milo rushes to the door and grabs two of the bags. 
“I can help you bring these in,” he offers. 
Godfrey thanks him for the offer but tells him it won’t be necessary.
Milo hesitates for about three seconds before walking out toward Aralie’s car. 
“Suck up,” Noah mutters behind us. 
“Oh shut it,” Tate says. “You know he likes to make a good impression.”
“Really? We’re on lockdown. We’re missing out on our lives, and Milo is worried about good impressions? Give me a break,” Noah says. 
I’m so with Noah – I need a break! I need a break from Deacon drama, Milo’s eyes, and bock-bock-Baccarini. I make a mad dash between Tate and Noah toward the stairs. I absolutely cannot listen to Aralie cluck Benji’s last name. I can’t bear the humility of Tate and Noah laughing while Milo tries to play Mr. Nice Guy because he pities me and my misfortune. 
“Chloe!” Mom yells after me. 
Oh God, please don’t make me come back in there and listen to this. I was there. I know all too well what went down. 
“Can you please go relieve Benji of Emery? He’s been in Saturnite Hell since you left,” she says. 
I nod and continue my ascend toward Mr. Baccarini. 
For once, I don’t mind dealing with Emery.

I manage to stay hidden within Emery’s Saturn-covered walls for two hours. We sort out her five zillion plastic beads by color so she can bake them later and make suncatchers. She wants to make a blue and green one for Benji. We string together six attempts at a friendship bracelet until we finally have one that looks boyish enough. The blue string frays a bit, but I don’t point it out because I don’t want to go for a seventh attempt. It’s for Benji. 
But aside from making things for Mr. Bock-Bock-Baccarini, Emery has enlightened me on all things Spaceships Around Saturn. 1) Noah is a jerkface – Emery’s words – until he has his strawberry milk each day, but then he’s fun. That’s what Benji told her anyway. 2) Tate laughs at everything. 3) Milo is way too serious and acts like a grown up. Emery says he’s really boring. 4) Benji sings in the shower. 5) Jules smells like crushed ladybugs, but I’m pretty sure it’s his cigarettes that Emery smells on him.
Aralie screams down the hallway, and I knock over a bowl of pink beads in the process of jumping up. Emery’s eyes widen, but I don’t stop her from following me. Clothes fly around in the hallway as soon as we step out of Emery’s room. 
“Who do you think you are?” Aralie screams. “I’m not your mom or your maid or whatever you have on tour!”
Jules tumbles backward out of her room. Two T-shirts and a pair of jeans fly out of her door and smack him in the chest. 
He regains his composure and leans back toward her room. 
“You said you were doing laundry,” he says.
Is he really that stupid? A pair of black boxers and a blue T-shirt fly from Aralie’s room into the hall. I keep Emery back and don’t dare venture forth myself. Jules is on his own. The wrath of Aralie is a force not to be messed with. 
She screams about his laundry, the smell of his cigarettes, the fact that he clearly dyes his hair black to look like a badass because his eyebrows aren’t as dark, and there’s mention of his tattoos before Mom and Godfrey make it upstairs.
Even through Aralie’s protests, Mom continues saying, “I’m sure this was just a big misunderstanding.”
Godfrey gathers Jules’s clothes while Tate does his best to calm Jules down. Emery was right – Tate laughs at everything. He’ll learn quickly enough not to laugh when Aralie is pissed or he’ll be on the receiving end of her verbal slaughter, just like Deacon and Jules. She’s two for two today. Tate shouldn’t push it. 
I slip away from Emery, disappear into my own bedroom, lock the door, and tuck my headphones into my ears so I can drown out the world with the screams of Sebastian’s Shadow.

My bedroom light blinds me when I open my eyes. I bury my face into my pillow and feel around for my phone. 12:37 AM. 
One message from Aralie: You missed supper. Jules is an ass.
One message from Emery: U miss food. Aralie hates Jools.
I’m surprised my parents let her keep her phone. Then again, the only numbers she has are ours and Godfrey’s. That phone isn’t much of a threat. Aralie and I have to tell her how to spell everything anyway, so we know what she’s texting.
One message from Mom. It’s the longest of them all. And it’s disheartening. 
I decided not to wake you. I’m sorry your summer hasn’t turned out as planned. Don’t let Deacon and those other guys get to you. You’re a beautiful girl with so much ahead of you. I don’t want to see you slip into a depression over a boy. Things will get better. Food is in the fridge if you wake up. 
I’m officially starving, and Mom thinks I’m depressed. Great. I’m far from depressed over Deacon. Humiliated, yes. Pissed off, yes. But depressed? No. That boy isn’t getting any more of my tears. I push myself off of the bed, shake my hair around until it looks half-decent, smear my eyeliner around evenly under my eyes, and then venture downstairs. Hopefully everyone else is asleep and no one will see this zombie-ish makeup job I have going on. 
The fluorescent light above the kitchen sink hums when I flip it on. I dig through the fridge, but nothing sounds good. Nothing but milk and Oreos. I open the cabinet, grab the cookies, and settle in alone at the adjoining dining room’s table. Benji’s tattoo magazine stares up at me, so I flip through the pages looking for cute, easy designs that I could draw later. 
Between the sleeve of Oreos and the flipping of the pages, I never even hear footsteps until he’s in the dining room, standing across the table from me.
“Well, good evening, Ms. Branson,” Milo says. “Is this a private party or may I join you?”
4 | Private Party
Be witty. Be cute. Be something but don’t just sit here with your jaw dropped!
“Are you always so formal, Mr. Grayson?” I ask. 
I amaze myself with how steady my voice is. I was certain I’d stammer through that. 
He scrunches his mouth to one side, glances down at his T-shirt and sweatpants, and looks back at me. 
“If I were wearing khakis, I’d say yes, but in this case, eh, not so much,” he says.
This boy is so beautiful that I’d take him to a five-star formal restaurant in swim trunks and flip flops. He’s modest, though, which makes him even more likable. Damn him. 
“Well, this isn’t much of a party, but you’re definitely welcome to join,” I say. 
I look down at the clover tattoo staring up at me from Benji’s magazine. I hope Milo doesn’t plan on staying down here for too long because I’m not sure my pounding heart can hold out. It might literally thump out of my skin and onto the table.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Milo says. 
He leans down onto the table, propping up on his elbows. His figure shadows the little bit of light in the room so I’m forced to look at him. 
“It’s after midnight, and I’m alone with a pretty girl and Oreos. That’s definitely a party,” he says. “The only thing I’m missing is a glass of milk, so if you’d point me in the right direction, we can get this party underway.”
Oh. My. Saturn. 
He’s totally flirting with me. This is flirting, right? Maybe I’m over-thinking it. Maybe he’s just being nice. Ugh, why does Aralie have to be sleeping when I need her to decipher weird boy code for me!? Then again, if she was in here with me, the alien from Saturn, and the Oreos, I’d have to admit to her that I’m so craving him more than I’m craving these cookies.
I manage to point in the direction of the correct cabinet and avoid eye contact while he takes it upon himself to pour some milk. Then he settles in across from me at the table. 
“Word of unsolicited advice,” he says, reaching across the table and tapping Benji’s ink magazine. “Tramp stamps are trampy. Butterflies are boring because all girls get them. And never use ‘it was cute’ as an answer when someone asks why you decided on a certain tat.”
His hand moves from the magazine to the tray of Oreos. He chooses the third cookie from the left, leaving a gaping hole in between the Oreos. 
“Don’t worry,” I say. “I wasn’t planning on inking myself any time soon.”
“I’d hope not,” he says. “I doubt you’ve had the proper training to ink yourself.”
He smiles, drops his Oreo into his glass of milk, and lets it sink to the bottom. He reaches back over and picks up the cookie that had been in front of his sunken treasure, leaving one Oreo teetering out of orbit in the pack.
“So, exciting day?” He changes the subject. “Sounded like it from your sister’s checkout line story. She was dramatizing it, right?”
I wish she had been. Aralie has always had a flair for the dramatic, but even as she acted out Deacon’s goofy facial expressions and squawked out Benji’s last name, I’m sure she performed a stellar reenactment of how it went down. Thank God I didn’t have to see it. 
“Afraid not,” I say. “It was just as awful as she probably said it was, if not worse.”
He dips his Oreo into his milk and takes a bite of it. I reach toward the tray and debate if I should grab the lone cookie he left behind. Maybe he has a good reason for leaving it. I grab a different one, leaving the outcast to flounder.
I flip the page in the magazine and focus on a tattoo of a maple leaf. I bet Milo wishes he could be back home in his own house in Canada right now instead of trapped here. 
“But your life is probably a lot more dramatic than mine,” I say. 
I’d much rather not talk about Deacon right now – especially with a gorgeous boy from Spaceships Around Saturn.
Milo laughs. “It has its moments,” he says. “Sometimes fans can get a little crazy. Paparazzi does too. We don’t get much sleep. But that was definitely the first time we’ve ever been shot at before.”
“Maybe you guys will be able to catch up on some sleep while you’re here,” I say. 
God, Chloe. Lame much? They don’t care about sleep. They run on caffeine, adrenaline, Oreos, and magic boy band juice from Saturn. They would rather be on a sleepless tour than a sleep-filled lockdown.
“Doubt it,” he says. “Well, the other guys will sleep, but I’m nocturnal. And – no offense – but it’s hard to sleep late with the little Saturnite running through the house.”
I shouldn’t smile at Emery’s expense, but I can’t fight it. 
“No kidding. I live with her fulltime. I have to stay up late to get anything done. But it’s still weird to see teenage boys crash before midnight,” I say. 
Milo looks away from his half-eaten Oreo and scrunches his mouth to one side again, like he’s puckering up to kiss someone next to him without turning his head. 
“You really don’t know your Saturn trivia, do you?” he asks. “I turned twenty in November, thank you very much.”
That explains his maturity level. He’s so level-headed and clean-cut and every parent’s dream of what kind of guy a daughter should bring home. Not to mention he’s brunette and super hot on top of that. He’s the all-American non-American guy. All-Canadian maybe?
“And Jules will be twenty in about a month,” he says. “Not that he acts it or anything. Benji and Noah are nineteen. Tate’s the baby, eighteen.”
I wonder if Emery even knows how old they are. In her mind, they’re probably all sixteen, and she’ll stand a chance with Benji when she’s older. Hopefully they’ll be out of here before Jules’s birthday. I’m pretty sure he’ll be pissed if his venture out of teenage-hood is spent on lockdown with the Branson sisters. 
“I expected more from you,” Milo says. “My Twitter followers should at least know my age.”
“How did you–”
He cuts me off mid-question. “The aforementioned little Saturnite filled us in on your misfortune with the coin toss,” he explains.
Note to self: Don’t say anything in front of Emery that you don’t want the guys to know about. Obviously she likes to share stories. Hopefully she hasn’t told them too much.
“It wouldn’t be so bad if Benji didn’t have something to say every five seconds,” I reply. “You think he’ll be able to handle the withdrawals while he’s here?”
Milo shrugs. “I’m sure Emery would listen to anything Benji wants to tweet about. She could be his sounding board.”
Speaking of Twitter… 
“Why the extra letters? Do you really need four extra Zs in the word ‘amazing’?” I ask. 
He smiles. “Yes, I do actually. You can’t use bold or italics on Twitter. I have to make my point somehow.”
He reaches toward the tray and grabs the lone Oreo. 
“Okay, this is my last one for the night,” he says. “Half it with me?”
Seriously? If I wasn’t the envy of every Saturnite in the world just by sitting across the table from him, I’m definitely the envy of them now because Milo Grayson wants to half his precious Oreo with me. And the thing that sucks the most is that no one knows about it to be jealous of me!
He holds the cookie up and waits for a response. 
“Yeah, we can half it,” I say. 
I reach across the table for it, but he jerks his arm back. The sleeve of his T-shirt hugs his bicep tightly, and oh how I wish to be that fabric. 
“Not so fast,” he says. “Let’s make it interesting.”
Could this be any more interesting? Hello – you’re gorgeous and famous and sharing cookies with me! Any more ‘interest’ and I might burst like a firework. 
“If you get the side with the cream, I’ll give you my honest male opinion about your checkout line drama today,” he says. “But if I get the cream side, you have to tell me, honestly, who you think the best looking guy is in Spaceships Around Saturn.”
Oh God. He’s for real. Does he know? He totally knows. He knows I’m lusting for him from behind this glass of milk and tattoo magazine. He knows that his eyes make me melt and that I clearly watch him on Twitter because I know all about amazzzzzing. Now he wants to make me ‘fess up. 
“Deal.” I say it before I can chicken out. 
I can always lie and say Benji’s name. He’s the fan favorite anyway. Benji Baccarini is Spaceships Around Saturn for so many girls.
Milo leans forward, positions himself over the table, and holds up that fated Oreo. I push my glass of milk aside because the last thing I want is to knock it over with my quivering nerves. Then I lean toward him, grip the cookie with my fingers, and inhale every bit of his body wash that I can while I twist my half of the Oreo away from his half. 
“Damn,” he mutters. 
I’ve never been so thankful for the cream in an Oreo before now. I instantly burst into fangirlish giggles, straight from Planet Emery. I can save my dignity for another day, and I didn’t even have to lie to the beautiful boy. All of my anxiety wafts away into some unknown part of the universe where silly nervousness goes to die.
“I really thought I was going to get an ego boost out of this,” he says, as if it’s a terrible defeat that he lost the cream side of the cookie. 
“Apparently you don’t need it since you clearly assume that I was going to say your name,” I say. 
Milo laughs. “I figured I was your type. I guess I’ll never know, eh?”
I submerge my half-Oreo into my milk and bite into it. I can’t even look at him now. Those butterflies in my stomach probably flew back just to look at him. If I were a butterfly of nerves, I’d definitely risk the anxiety to fly back and look at him. 
“But a deal is a deal,” he says. He sighs, all defeated again. “I think you’re better off without that guy. He’s immature, has no dignity, and needs to be knocked down from his pedestal. You can do much better than a guy who clucks Benji’s last name across the grocery store’s parking lot.”
He swigs the last bit of his milk and pulls the soggy Oreo from the bottom of the glass. He pops it into his mouth, walks over to the sink to wash out the glass, and places it in Mom’s extra sink where she asked them to put dirty dishes. He’s so freaking well-mannered. 
He walks back over to the table, pushes his chair in, and runs his tongue over his teeth. 
“Well, Ms. Branson, it’s been a pleasure, but I need my beauty sleep or else I may end up looking like Jules, and that would be a shame for all of us,” he says. “We should do this again sometime. Good night.”
He heads toward the stairs but stops and looks back. “And from what Emery says, you’re too pretty for that jerk anyway.”
5 | Gossip and Rumors
The doorbell rings the instant my bare feet touch the hardwood floor of the foyer. Perfect timing. I don’t bother to wait for Godfrey. It’s probably government agents or someone Dad sent here to check on things. I peek through the glass, but the muscle man in the black V-neck is definitely not an agent. 
“Good morning,” Tank says as soon as I open the door. “I’ve been asked to personally delivery this to Milo.” He holds up a guitar case. 
“C’mon in,” I say, motioning him with my arm. 
I haven’t been up long enough to know where Milo is, and really, after last night, I’m not ready to see him. It took hours and a lot of sleep deprivation for those butterflies to settle down. Now that they’re finally asleep, I don’t want to wake them. 
“I knew I heard your voice!” Benji sprints past me and attacks Tank in a massive hug. “What are you doing here?”
Tank pushes the blonde superstar off of him with one arm and holds up the guitar case with his other hand. Benji bombards him with a million questions about the investigation and when they’ll be free and about what people are saying on the outside, but Tank doesn’t provide many answers. He almost sounds rehearsed when he tells Benji that the United States government is “working on this night and day.” 
I glance outside. A black SUV sits in our wraparound driveway. I wonder if Tank is wearing a wire. I wouldn’t put it past them. They could’ve sent an agent to deliver Milo’s guitar, but they sent Tank to ease the guys’ nerves and give them a familiar face. It’s one of the more obvious tricks. Dad’s told us that before. 
“Sorry, my man, I gotta jet,” Tank says much too quickly for Benji’s liking. “They got me on lockdown too.” 
Tank pulls back on the V of his shirt and points to the wire. Seriously? What the hell do they think we’re doing in here? I’m scared to sign online or use my own cell phone now. They’re probably watching everything that happens in our house. I may be showering in the dark from now on. At least until the lockdown is over. 
Benji takes Milo’s guitar, and I motion him back before letting Tank walk outside. They’ll know that Benji talked to him, but for Benji’s sake, I don’t want the agents to get a glimpse of him. They’ll assume we let him peek outside all the time. 
The SUV circles around the drive and exits through the gate. There’s no way they can keep a watch on this entire place. We live in a freaking mansion with more guest rooms than a bed and breakfast. They should trust my dad more than that. He’s taught us well. We may not like lockdown, but we sure as hell don’t argue. 
I stroll into the dining room behind Benji. Noah sips on strawberry milk while Emery talks about painting coffee cans for Mom to plant flowers in. Aralie and Jules sit at the other end of the table. Aralie plays on her phone while Jules stares at her as if he could burn holes into her skin with his eyes. 
No sign of Tate or Milo aka the bromance of Tito aka the lamest bromance name I’ve ever heard. Maybe Milo is actually sleeping. Maybe he’ll sleep all day, and I can avoid him. 
Jules looks away from Aralie long enough to notice the guitar case. 
“Who brought that?” he asks. 
“Tank,” Benji says. “He wasn’t himself, though. Agents brought him. They made him wear a wire. This is some bullshit.”
Emery’s eyes pop from their sockets, and Benji takes instant notice. 
“Sorry, Emery,” he says. “I’m going to have to get you some in-ears, like what we wear when we’re on stage. Then you can sing to yourself and block out all the other noise, like my cursing.”
Emery slips off of her chair next to Noah and walks around to where Benji and I stand. She’s wearing her serious face, and she clutches that friendship bracelet with the blue frayed ribbon in her hand. 
“You can’t say that word or my mom will get mad because I told her you were my best friend, and best friends can’t say bad words,” she says, all matter-of-fact.
Then she laughs. Oh God, why does she have to laugh? She never had this crazy hyena thing in her eyes until Spaceships Around Saturn showed up, and now she looks demonic and clown-like every time she laughs or smiles. 
“But I won’t tell Mommy you said a bad word if you wear my friendship bracelet,” she says in a sing-song voice. 
It takes about five seconds for Benji to get that blue and green bracelet tied around his wrist. He tells her he’ll keep it forever and promises to wear it during their first show back on tour. She asks him if he’ll post a picture of it on Twitter, and she then tells me to retweet it when he does. 
Jules rocks back in his chair as Benji, Emery, and I find a seat at the table. 
“So, Emery, where’s my friendship bracelet?” the bad boy asks. 
Aralie sets her phone on the table. “You don’t get one because no one wants to be your friend,” she tells him. 
His chair rocks back and forth. If he loses his footing, it’d be the ultimate win for Aralie. 
“I have fans all over the world. A lot of people want to be my friend,” Jules argues. 
Aralie laughs. “Oh, right, your 6.9 million Twitter followers. You do realize that Benji has 11.3 million, right? Those are real time numbers. I just checked.”
Jules slams his chair onto the floor. 
“That’s 6.9 million people who love me and would gladly do my laundry,” he says. “You’re the envy of 6.9 million people, and you can’t even appreciate it.”
Noah smirks behind his strawberry milk. I guess the rumors are true about how he doesn’t speak until after he’s had his strawberry milk each morning. Weird. 
I decide to speak up in Aralie’s defense. 
“Actually, you’re wrong,” I say. “I’m one of those 6.9 million people, and I can’t say that I love you, and I definitely don’t want to do your laundry.”
Luckily, for everyone’s sake, Mom enters the room just in time to intervene and end what could’ve been round two of Aralie vs. Jules. She loads the dishwasher before coming back over to the table. She has the sympathetic Mom-face on. 
“Girls, it’s probably a good idea for you guys to skip Lauren’s party tonight,” she says. She holds up her hand to stop Aralie before she bursts into objections. “I know you’ve had this planned for a while, but your dad called this morning and said he’d just feel a lot better if you guys stayed here tonight. There’ll be other parties.”
Really, there won’t be. These are my post-graduation parties that’ll only happen once because I’ll only graduate high school once. It sucks, yeah, and I don’t like it, but I think Aralie is more upset than I am – and she doesn’t graduate for another year. 
My sister jumps up from the table and follows Mom back into the depths of the kitchen.
“What are we supposed to say?” Aralie asks. “It’s not like I can say, ‘Sorry Lauren, I’m hiding a boy band in my house’ or something like that.”
Mom sighs. “Tell her Emery is sick with some flu virus, and it’s contagious. You and Chloe have been exposed, and your parents won’t let you leave the house. Blame Dad and me.”
I lean past Benji to glance into the kitchen. Aralie leans back against the fridge. 
“It’s not fair that I have to miss out on my life because someone wants to shoot Jules. Really, I can’t blame them!” Aralie yells before pushing off the fridge and running upstairs.

Two hours later, I’ve sent all the appropriate ‘Sorry, Emery is sick, and we’re contagious’ texts. I got roped into it after Aralie’s tantrum. I have yet to see Milo today, although I know he’s downstairs. He and Tate didn’t bother getting out of bed until long after I was back in the safety of my bedroom. I’m tempted to go downstairs just to see what he’s wearing. Probably a T-shirt. But those T-shirts hug his body like I wish I could. 
Yeah, definitely not going downstairs after a thought like that. 
But that doesn’t stop Emery from coming upstairs. Her footsteps are fast and swishy, so I know it’s her. I race to my door and pull it open before she has a chance to bang on it. 
“You’re getting faster,” she says. She smiles a normal smile, thankfully, and looks around the hallway. “Are you gonna watch the premiere with us?”
I rack my brain for whatever premiere she’s talking about, but I’ve got nothing. She knows it too because she opens her mouth immediately. 
“For ‘Music Up, Windows Down!’” she shouts in my face. 
“Oh! Their new song!” I’m almost as excited as she is when it clicks. 
I can totally play this cool. I can pretend I’m watching it because Emery made a big deal out of it and begged me to. It’ll be a good way to break the ice again after last night. Thank God for my little Saturnite.
“Yeah, I guess,” I say, practicing the whole ‘play it cool’ thing. 
Emery hugs me and tells me that she’s going to ask Aralie. I doubt she’ll have much luck with the middle sister, but it gives me a chance to slip downstairs and blame baby sister for making me watch the premiere. 
The guys are in our second living room – the one with the huge sectional, flat screen TV, and Dad’s surround-sound system. Dad has the Xbox and all of his boy toys in here. I only use it for the flat screen. We just refer to it as Dad’s game room.
Jules has his arm draped over Benji’s shoulder glancing through another tattoo magazine with him. I wish I’d grabbed my cell phone. That’d be an awesome shot for those goofy Jenji memes. Tate curls up to himself in the corner of the sectional. 
Noah waves me over. “Wanna squeeze in with us?”
By ‘us,’ he means himself and Milo. Hell freaking yes, I want to squeeze in. Noah makes this way too easy for me. He slides away from his beautiful band mate and allows me to squeeze into the space between them.
“Nice seeing you here,” Milo says.
My cheeks blush, and I pray they’re not as flaming as they feel. I glance around for the remote control to flip on the TV. Milo grabs my arm and pulls me back when I reach for it on the coffee table ahead of us. 
“Emery wants us to wait for her,” he says. He slips his arm around my shoulders and leans in to speak more quietly. “So you’re stuck in awkward silence with us.”
Noah leans in on my other side. “Is it awkward yet?” he whispers. 
The two of them burst into laughter, as if this were planned before I even walked into the room. I push both of them away with my elbows. 
“I think I’ll go sit between Jenji,” I say. 
I grab onto Noah’s knee to push myself up from the sectional because God knows I would nervously slip and grab something I shouldn’t if I were to even touch Milo. But this was a stupid idea because I still have to step over the limbs known as Milo’s legs to even get close to the Jules Rossi-Benji Baccarini bromance. 
“Good job,” Noah says. “You made her leave, Milo.”
I’m one step in between Milo’s legs when he purposely trips me and purposely catches me. His arms feel as strong and warm and perfect as I imagined they would. I could seriously melt into his skin and become one with him right now. 
He spins me to his right, slides over next to Noah, and pulls me into the spot between himself and the corner of the sectional. 
“You can’t sit with Jenji. Emery won’t allow that,” Milo says. He looks at Noah then back at me. “I’m not used to girls running from me like that. It sort of hurts my feelings, ya know.”
He pouts his lip, just like Emery would, and Noah does the whole fake-comfort thing. Milo buries his face into Noah’s shoulder to fake-cry. So much for maturity.

I’m saved by my sisters, who rush into the room and make Milo look up from his pout fest. Aralie whispers something to Tate, and he slides down to give her the corner spot. She pulls him back toward her and cuddles up next to him like they’re the best of friends. I think I’m missing something, but I don’t have time to worry about Aralie and her boy band crushes. I have to deal with my own. Right now he’s sitting next to me with this perfect smirky smile on his face, and I’m sort of dying here. 
Emery picks up the remote, turns the TV on, and flips directly to the music channel for the premiere. As the beautiful boy next to me predicted, she invites herself to divide Jenji in half and inserts herself into the equation.
Ten seconds later, Emery stands up. 
“I can’t sit by you, Jules,” she says.
She gravitates in our direction and crawls into the gap between Tate and Noah. 
Then she makes her announcement. “Jules smells like crushed ladybugs.”
Any tension that may have been in the room instantly falters with our laughter. I half-expected Jules to fly off the sectional cursing and screaming. Instead, he laughs. 
“It’s his cigarettes,” Benji clarifies. He leans over to his bromance brother and sniffs. “Sorry dude, Emery is right.”
Jules pushes him back, but a smile stays on his face – for once – and I’m relieved.
Emery turns up the volume, and the TV silences the room. I engage my attention with the shampoo commercial on the screen so I won’t allow myself to sneak glances at Milo. Really, I don’t want to glance at any of them because they have to watch their premiere in our mini-theatre instead of being in NYC debuting this video in front of thousands of screaming fans. 
Two boys over, I hear Emery inhale sharply when the girl on TV says something about the moment everyone’s been waiting for. Milo leans forward and places his elbows on his knees. This would’ve been their first appearance after their NYC show less than forty-eight hours ago. Instead, no one knows where they are. 
“As you all know,” the pixilated girl says. “Shots were fired at the Spaceships Around Saturn show Saturday night, and the guys couldn’t be here with us today. But there has been a lot of speculation as to where they may be hiding out. We’re going to go to our audience and see where they think these Canadian hotties might be!”
“What!?” Emery jumps up, standing like a ninja on the sectional. “Someone shot at you!”
So much for sheltering her. Tate motions for her to sit back down and says something about crazy people trying to break the speakers. Noah agrees and says those idiots hate Spaceships Around Saturn’s music and wanted to ruin their show. So now they have to hide out until our dad catches them. 
Emery seems oddly content with their explanations and focuses her attention back to the TV. I’m extremely impressed with how simply Tate and Noah handled what could’ve been a Moo-llennium Crunch moment. They made it so easily vanilla. 
The host bounces over to a redhead in a bright pink SAS tank top. 
“I think they’re probably on a private island, maybe in Hawaii,” the ginger says. 
“They probably went back to Canada and are really at home,” another girl says. 
She looks as if she’s been crying. I bet her summer revolved around this premiere and seeing the boys live.
The TV host takes one more theory from an audience member. The girl stands up, wearing a white T-shirt with the boys’ pictures on it, and she looks directly into the camera. 
“I heard that Milo is dead.”
6 | Twister, Tattoos, and TV Debuts
Milo shoots up from the couch. 
It doesn’t help that other girls in the audience start to agree, and the rumors quickly circulate. He was hit during the shooting. He took the bullet pushing Tate out of the way. He died at the hospital later on. He died backstage. The rumors go on and on and on. 
Noah pulls Milo back down between us. 
“Dude, you’re not dead. Management will clear it up as soon as they see this. Just chill, okay?” Noah says. 
“Easy for you to say,” Milo snaps. “Our fans aren’t saying that you’re dead.”
“Milo!” Tate shouts from across the sectional. “You died a hero. You saved my life. Why can’t you just be happy about it?”
I don’t fully understand bromance, but the smile on Milo’s face is obviously a good sign. I’ll accept that Tito exists if it makes Milo smile like that. He stretches one arm around Noah and wraps the other around me. He falls back against the cushions and gets comfortable before their video debuts. 
I wonder if the ‘arm around Noah’ move was just a ploy to wrap his other arm around me. Maybe he’s trying to play it cool. He probably didn’t want anyone to think anything of it. 
“Those poor girls,” Milo says quietly. “Did you see how many of them were crying? This was supposed to be one of the highlights of their summers, and we’re not even there.”
Oh screw it. He’s not even concerned with me. He’s worried about his stupid fans! He only put his arm around me because he didn’t want me to feel left out since he was showing Noah some love. Tate was right about the summer of hell. 
“Here it is! Be quiet!” Emery yells. 
I bite down on my lip so I don’t laugh. Only my baby sister would yell at a boy band to be quiet during the premiere of their own video. Emery keeps it real. Emery keeps me on Earth.
The video for “Music Up, Windows Down” is everything I expect from a Spaceships Around Saturn music video. Benji is shirtless, so he can show off his many tattoos. Jules tries to look like a badass. Tate and Milo play up to the camera a lot. But Noah…
“Who was your stylist for this video?” I ask as soon as the video ends. “Those shorts were the most awful thing I’ve ever seen.”
Maybe I have a bit of Emery’s bluntness in me too. Probably not. Noah’s shorts were just that ugly. 
“You didn’t like them?” Noah asks. 
Aralie chokes on her own laughter. 
“Noah, they were cornflower blue,” she says. “And they came down to your shins. Those were old man shorts. You know, like the ones old dudes wear when they go golfing or something. You’re supposed to be the rock star of the group, not wearing Godfrey’s clothes.”
I can always count on Aralie to back me up. She and Tate laugh at something else she mutters that only the two of them can hear. 
Noah looks at Milo. “Dude, I’m getting blasted here, and you’re not even going to help me out?” he asks.
Milo shrugs. “I don’t figure a dead guy can really do much to help.”
I await another meltdown from Milo over the rumors of his demise, but Godfrey walks into the room, and everyone goes silent. Eerily silent. 
“Mr. Kingsley,” Godfrey says, looking toward Tate. “Your request.”
Tate smiles the biggest smile of all smiles and grabs the box from Godfrey’s hands. It’s a Twister game. He jumps up and rushes over to the pretty boy next to me. 
Tate grabs Milo’s arm, hauls him off of the sectional, and drags him out of the room. Aralie is close behind them, and Jules surprisingly follows her. He probably wants a cigarette right about now. Emery runs behind them, as not to miss any action, so I figure it’s best if I go along. 
“Chloe,” Benji says. “Wait up.”
I stop halfway across the room. Benji and Noah both stare at me. 
“We need to talk to you about something,” Noah says. 
The dormant butterflies in my stomach wake up and shoot around as soon as the words leave Noah’s mouth. Oh my God. Please don’t let them know. 

Benji slips his arm around my shoulder and proceeds toward the kitchen. The patio door shuts. Everyone else is outside. Noah slinks up next to me, and I hate their mischievous smiles. Something’s up. 
“So, um, a little bird told me something,” Benji says. 
“Yeah,” Noah agrees. “We hear you’re pretty good with Sharpies.”
“And artwork,” Benji adds.
Okay, this is so not about Milo or stomach butterflies. Oxygen rushes back to my lungs, and my chest reforms to its normal shape. Sweet summer air. I can breathe. 
“This little bird doesn’t happen to be named Emery, does it?” I ask. 
I don’t imagine the guys calling anyone else a ‘little bird.’ Emery is the only one who would even think to tell them that I can draw. I don’t actually draw. I can’t sketch people or still art or anything magnificently awesome. I just doodle – shooting stars, non-nervous butterflies, flowers, spirals, whatever. 
“She showed us some of the magnets you made,” Benji says. “She acts like you’re Van Gogh, so we played along.”
Wow, thanks for the compliment. It’s nice to know you guys pretended like I was a great artist when you know I’m not. Benji clearly needs some lessons in Flattery 101 from Milo. That boy knows how to sweet talk. 
Noah jumps back in. “We were hoping maybe you could give us some practice ink.”
I forget how tatted up these boys are. I bet they’re trying to lose that goody-goody boy band image and add some edge, but with faces like those, they’re far from grungy rock stars. They’re way too pretty. 
Noah pulls his shirt over his head and turns to show me the artwork along his shoulders and back. The internet swore Noah had more ink than Benji, but he hides it very well. The internet was right. 
There’s an entire galaxy of drawings and doodles and ink splotches on his skin. His upper back is painted with stars and moons and spaceships. A mermaid fin pokes out of his shorts. I don’t even want to know what else is under there. 
“I really need ideas,” Noah says. “So maybe you could help?”
“But I call first dibs on you,” Benji says. 
They ease ahead of me and block the exit to the patio until I agree. I don’t care if I’m a terrible artist. I’m a decent doodler. And any girl who says no to Benji Baccarini and Noah Winters is an idiot.

Thirty minutes later, Noah towers over us and complains because he’s had to play two rounds of Twister with Emery while I scribbled designs onto Benji’s arms. 
“Okay, fine.” Benji groans and stands up. “I’ll keep the little bird entertained for a while.”
“Finally,” Noah mutters. 
He replaces Benji on the poolside lounge chair, but unlike the pretty blonde, Noah actually gives me enough room to sit comfortably with him. I think Benji was more focused on his tanning than fake-tatting anyway. I should’ve drawn butterflies and kittens down his arm. He’d have never known.
But I feel badly for being so hard on Benji. He does a good job of playing BFFs with Emery. I think the Twitter withdrawal is starting to kick in. At least that’s what I blame his sometimes-snarky attitude on.
Noah gets straight to business. 
“I really want a full back piece,” he says. “I just don’t know how to work it so the sea meets outer space in a way that flows, you know? What do you think?”
I completely crack up. 
“I’m not a tattoo consultant or graphic artist,” I remind him. “I can’t even draw that well. I just scribble around and make up goofy stuff for Emery.”
He picks up a lime green Sharpie and tests the color on his wrist. 
“I’m not expecting a masterpiece. Just something fun,” he says. “Besides, I’ve gotta catch you while I can. Apparently you belong to Milo after hours.”
There go my Sharpies. Hot pink, bright orange, and sky blue leap from the lounge chair from my sudden movement and roll across the concrete. I dive toward them, like those markers are the most important thing in the universe, and Noah laughs. 
“I guess I said the magic word, eh? Details. Now,” he says. 
Fortunately he keeps his voice low, and everyone else is out of earshot. I don’t know how much he knows or what Milo has said, but I’m not about to divulge any more information than I should about last night. I doubt I could speak about it in actual words anyway. Just the thought of saying that I find Milo attractive makes me flustered. 
“Oh c’mon,” Noah whines. He elbows me and takes the Sharpies from my hand so I can’t use them as a distraction. “The boy sat in my room for fifteen minutes last night working up the nerve to go downstairs and talk to you. Then he came back and said, ‘We ate cookies. See you in the morning,’ and went to his room. Give me something, Chloe.”
Ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod. This lockdown is so much better than high school! Thank God I just graduated or else senior year would’ve been miserable. I can’t imagine how much life is going to suck for Aralie this fall when she goes back to mundane existence after a summer like this. Then again, the gorgeous and ever-so-perfect Milo Grayson didn’t come downstairs to talk to her. 
I inhale the scent of Sharpies and sunscreen. 
“We’re not having this conversation,” I say.
Noah flips the top off of the sky blue Sharpie and draws a lightning bolt on his forearm. 
“This sucks. I’m finally in the loop about something, and no one will give me details,” he says.
He can pout his lips and bat those pretty green eyes at me all day long. I’m not talking. If Noah wants to know something, he can ask Milo. My brain morphs into a mushy blob of caramel, Oreos, and warm, fuzzy drops of Saturn. I can’t even process this. 
I dare to glance up at the others in the yard. Jules leans back in a patio chair while Aralie and Tate face off in a round of Twister. From here, it looks like Aralie is winning. Benji and Emery man the board, and Milo shoots Tate repeatedly with a water gun. 
When Tate can’t get his left hand on blue and tumbles, he blames Milo for shooting water in his eye and demands that Milo play the next round as punishment. 
“Chloe!” 
My name echoes across the yard and bounces off of the house when Tate yells it. He jumps up and down next to Aralie, waving his arms like he needs a lifeboat to pull him from danger. 
“We need you!” he shouts out. “Come play against Milo!”
Noah hides his face so the others won’t see his laughter at my predicament. 
“Go on,” he says. “Go get twisted with Milo. I’m gonna get a front row seat for it.”
He grabs my arm and hauls me with him against my will. He doesn’t let go of me until we’ve joined the others. That plastic Twister game stares up at me from the grass, completely daunting.
I still attempt to object. “Why can’t Noah play against him? Or Jules? They haven’t played a round yet either.”
Milo steps forward and folds his arms across his chest. His shirt hugs his skin, and he melts me faster than the summer sun melts a popsicle. 
“You’re just scared I’ll beat you,” Milo taunts me.
Oh screw it. I can’t chicken out after a comment like that.
“Fine then,” I say. “Let’s play.”

I map out a game plan in my head while Benji and Emery position themselves with the board. Emery demands the first spin. I kick off my flip flops and step up to the plastic. 
Four colors. Six circles per color. Twenty-four circles. I’ll take the twelve closest to me. I think I’m flexible enough to beat Milo. 
“Okay, here’s the rules,” Benji says. “We have to play Emery’s way. So she’s gonna spin for Chloe, and I’ll spin for Milo.”
Emery flicks the spinning arrow. 
“Left foot on yellow!” she yells out.
I keep to my half of the plastic. But it’s the closest yellow circle to Milo’s half. 
“Right foot on blue!” Benji shouts out. 
Milo smirks and mirrors my position, standing directly in front of me. I’m eye-level with his chest, and the sunshine bakes us. 
Emery calls right foot on blue, and Benji reverses it with left foot on yellow.
For a second, I almost think they’re doing this on purpose, but no one else – aside from Noah – has any clue about my Oreo night with Milo. We’re now face-to-chest. I stare at his shirt, wondering if his heart thumps like a bass drum when he’s this close to me. Oh what I’d give to be the girl who makes his heart pound like vibrations through a stage floor.
I wait for Emery to shout out my next order, but I’m met with silence. I glance around Milo. Emery runs away from Benji and chases after a butterfly. 
“Since she’s out of pocket, this one is for both of you,” Benji calls out. “Right hand on red!” 
I take two seconds too long to strategize my next move. Milo leans forward, reaches over me, and places his right hand on red – on my half of the plastic – and forces me to bend backward. His position is awkward, but mine is worse.
“Oh, sorry,” he says. “Did you want that spot?”
No one else can see the sneaky smile wrapped across his face, and I’m so, so thankful. It’s a dead giveaway that there’s at least a flirtationship going on here. He probably hears my heart. Maybe he’ll write a song to its beat, and it’ll be Spaceships Around Saturn’s next big single. 
I reach back diagonally and place my hand on the red circle above Milo’s. He has the advantage, and he knows it. I hope Mom and Godfrey remain indoors until this round of Twister is over. This position isn’t quite so PG13. Oh God, I’d completely collapse on the plastic and die if Mom walked outside and saw me practically pinned underneath Milo. It’s not my fault, Mom. It was right hand on red!
Emery shouts out that the next spin is hers, but Benji’s announcement makes this porno-position even worse. 
“Emery broke the spinner! Hold what you’ve got!” he yells.
My ‘right hand on red’ does its best to hold up my bodyweight, which would be much easier if I weren’t distracted by the beautiful boy with caramel eyes. He’s too close for comfort – so close that I can hear the swishes of his T-shirt each time he moves. 
Somewhere off in the universe, outside of Milo Grayson, Aralie yells at Emery for flicking the arrow into the grass. Benji tells us to ‘hold on’ again, and Tate says finding the spinner is going to be impossible. 
Noah laughs. He’s the only one laughing. I guess the joke’s on me. 
Milo clears his throat. 
“Would you like some entertainment? I can sing for you,” he offers. He glances over at Noah. “Hey Winters, pick a song!”
Noah’s eyes shrink as he goes through his mental playlist. His face lights up with one of Emery’s hyena smiles. 
“‘Boyfriend’ by Bieber,” Noah suggests. “You know, our Canadian brother and all.”
I wish I had a tattoo gun rather than Sharpies. I’d take those needles and ram them into Noah’s skin until he was an inky pulp from Saturn.
And there’s absolutely nothing I can do because Milo is about to say hello to falsetto in three…two…
Milo’s fingers find their way into my ribcage. 
“No!” I collapse onto the multi-colored dots in a fit of fangirl giggles.
“Sweet spot?” he asks. He smiles over me, completely victorious. 
I push him back. “You cheated!”
“Milo wins!” Noah shouts out. “I really thought you had it, too, Chloe. I can’t believe you just crumbled like that.”
“He cheated,” I repeat. 
Milo shakes his head in protest. Noah has the audacity to agree with him. And thanks to Emery’s lost spinner in the grass, the plastic is my only other witness. 
Noah saunters over to us like a rapper trying to pull off a classic swagger. 
“Good job, Milo,” he says. “You know how clumsy girls can be. I knew you’d take her down.”
I peel myself off of the plastic, grab my flip flops, and head back toward the house. I’ve had enough exhilaration and angst for one afternoon. The video premiere was enough. Porno-Posed-Twister with Milo was too much. But I can’t escape Spaceships Around Saturn even if I try. 
Milo and Noah come up behind me like a black hole engulfing a shooting star. 
“Whoa, where are you going?” Noah asks. “I need you to work some Sharpie magic for me.”
I spin around by the pool. The blue water glistens behind him. 
 “Why don’t you ask your Canadian brother to help you out? I’ll even lend you the Sharpies, traitor,” I say.
Noah attempts a jaw-dropped shocked expression, but his dimples pierce through and make it impossible for him to look appalled. He moves closer to me. 
“If you wouldn’t keep secrets from me then I would’ve backed you up,” he says through his teeth. “I need to be in the loop.”
An evil thought crosses my mind, and I instantly do what I can to erase it. But it’s sort of like typing an English essay. You type a line. You think it sucks. You slowly backspace. Then you realize it helps meet that three-and-a-half-pages criteria, so you keep it. This evil thought is too good for the backspace button. 
“You want in the loop?” I ask. 
He nods rapidly and his smile bounces up and down. 
“Okay,” I say. “Spell ‘loop’ backward, and you’ll totally be in it.”
I wait half a second for the word to click in his brain before I push him with all my energy into the cold water behind him. A splash of H2O floods the poolside concrete and splatters over my feet as Noah bobs to the surface. I rush to the patio door before he has a chance to climb out and throw me in. 
But Milo blocks my escape. 
“Are you free tonight?” he asks. 
“As free as I can be on a lockdown,” I reply.
He slides the patio door open and motions me inside. 
“I’ll hold Noah back,” he says. “As long as you promise to meet me out here at midnight.”
7 | Twenty Questions
The numbers on my phone jump from 11:59 PM to 12:00 AM. Midnight. I silence my cell phone, slip it under my pillow, and glance down the hallway before tiptoeing out of my room. I hurry down the stairs, through the kitchen, and catch my breath before I walk over to the patio door. 
This whole “late night with Milo” thing was much easier when I was sitting at the table and he just showed up. Now I actually have to stand without my knees shaking. I have to walk toward him without tripping. I should’ve gotten here early, but I hated to look eager. 
He looks up from the poolside lounge chair when I slide the glass door open. He stands and walks toward me but stops halfway and picks up Emery’s firefly jar. He examines the lid with its poked holes. 
“Little Saturnite’s, I’m assuming?” he asks, shaking the empty jar.
Seriously? He asked me outside at midnight to talk about Emery’s jar for catching glowing bugs? Just because he’s famous and gorgeous and can sing amazingly well doesn’t mean I want to sit outside with him on a hot summer night and talk about bugs with him.
“Yeah,” I say, instead of lashing out over bug talk. “She likes to catch as many fireflies as she can on her way across. Then she gets in her tent, zips it up so it’s pitch black, and watches them glow.”
“Her way across where?” he asks. 
“Our property,” I say. “Her tent is out near the treehouse. It’s a long walk. I think it’s outside of your boundaries, though. You guys aren’t supposed to venture off.”
He smiles. “Well, I’m feeling rebellious. Plus, it’ll give us plenty of time to talk. C’mon.”
He reaches out his hand, and I stand here like an idiot because I don’t even know what to do. The butterflies in my stomach engage in a boxing match with each other. What if I reach out and he jerks his hand back and laughs at me for thinking he actually liked me? 
“Okay, never mind then,” he says. He pulls his arm back to his own body. “Will you at least still walk with me?”
Yep. I’m officially an idiot. All I can think about are the millions of girls who would kill – literally murder – to be in my place right now. And what do I do? Reject the boy with the caramel eyes. 
I can’t even speak, so I just nod and motion toward the yard. He walks a few steps ahead of me, jar in hand, and I rack the depths of my mind for something to say. 
He taps his fingers on the lid then unscrews it. 
“Are you gonna help me catch fireflies or am I going to have to do the bug thing alone?” he asks. 
“I can handle fireflies,” I say. 
Fireflies are nothing compared to the butterflies I’m feeling.
We walk a few feet across the yard, and the moonlight glints off the side of his face. I wonder if he knows he’s as beautiful as he is. I’m sure he does. He’s told every single day that he’s perfect and gorgeous and amazing. Maybe he’s going through withdrawals from not having fans throw themselves at him. Maybe he needs me for an ego boost. Maybe I’m his confirmation while he’s here. Ugh, that sucks. I so don’t want to be a confirmation. 
A spark of yellow glows ahead of us, and Milo sprints in its direction. My flip flops aren’t much protection against the wet grass. It feels slimy against my skin.
“Got him,” Milo says. He twists the lid back onto the jar and hands it to me. “I’ll catch them if you can handle the lid.”
The little bug glows. It’s like holding a star or catching lightning in a bottle. I hold the jar against the night sky and watch the firefly flicker on and off. 
“Let’s play twenty questions,” Milo says. 
He doesn’t look at me, though. He stares off into the distance, probably gauging how fast he’ll need to run to catch up to that sparkling mass of fireflies across the yard. 
“That could get dangerous,” I say. 
Twenty questions is on the level of truth or dare. There are some things I’m just too scared to answer. And really, there are some questions I’m too scared to learn the answer to. 
“Okay, we’ll go Emery-style and make our own rules,” he says. “We don’t ask questions we wouldn’t be willing to answer ourselves, and if at any point we feel awkward about a question, we don’t have to answer it. Fair enough?”
It’s like my own Twitter Q&A with Milo Grayson. Who cares if I’m an idiot? Right now, I’m the luckiest girl in the universe. 
“Fair enough,” I say. “You go first.”

“Question numero uno,” Milo says as we walk toward the string of trees that line our property. “In your honest opinion, who is the best looking guy in Spaceships Around Saturn?”
I feel like Aralie the instant I put my hand on my hip. Milo glances over at me and bursts into laughter. He shakes his head. 
“I knew you wouldn’t go for that. Let me try again,” he says. 
The silly smile never leaves his face. The moon acts as his spotlight, making sure the world sees his smile. He completely lights up the dark night.
“Favorite song of all time?” he asks. 
“‘Bleeding Butterflies’ by Sebastian’s Shadow,” I answer. 
I feel like I’m bleeding butterflies these days. Sebastian’s Shadow was onto something. Maybe they could see into the future and knew that Spaceships Around Saturn would form and become famous, and every girl in the entire universe from Earth to Saturn would bleed butterflies any time one of the SAS boys was in the vicinity. 
“You’re a Shadow fan? Isaac Torrey is the reason I learned to play guitar,” he says. 
Oh my God. He is a fan of my favorite band in the entire world. No one around here listens to Sebastian’s Shadow. Well, none of my friends do anyway. Sebastian’s Shadow is too screamy, too dark, too emo, too whatever for my friends. No one that I know appreciates awesome guitar riffs or deep, symbolic lyrics, but Milo Grayson does! 
“I love them,” I say, almost too fast. “They’ve been my favorite band for the last three years. I saw them last year, and they were amazing live. And they’re the nicest people ever.”
Milo nods much too quickly. 
“I met them backstage at an awards show,” he says. “I completely got all star-struck and froze and could barely talk to Isaac. He’s so underrated. He’s a musical genius.”
I can’t imagine Milo ever being star-struck. He’s more famous than Isaac Torrey could ever imagine being. I smile at the thought of Milo being tongue-tied and starry-eyed. 
“I have a picture of me with Isaac,” I say. “It was at the meet and greet before their show. My ex-boyfriend accused me of cheating on him when I posted it on Facebook. It was the greatest compliment ever.”
“Well maybe I need to take you with me to the next event where I may cross paths with Sebastian’s Shadow. You can introduce me and help me get the words out,” Milo says. 
Hopefully that spotlight of a moon isn’t casting down on me. I’m the one who’s tongue-tied and starry-eyed now. Thankfully Milo is more concerned with catching fireflies.
“Your turn,” Milo says. 
Every Saturnite out there probably knows the answer, and Emery could tell me over breakfast, but I ask him anyway. 
“The bromance with Tate – what gives? You seem closer to Noah,” I say. 
He laughs and nods. 
“I am closer to Noah,” he admits. “But when we first got signed, for some reason I ended up next to Tate in most of our promo pictures, and because my arm was usually around him, the fans ran with it.”
“Ohhhh, so Noah is more of your type then?” I can’t help myself. 
“Hey now,” Milo says. “You didn’t want to tell me your type, so I can’t possibly feel comfortable telling you mine.”

Thirteen fireflies and too many questions later, my butterflies have settled. He’s told me about his family, growing up in Canada, and that his favorite color is blue. He prefers Italian dressing over Ranch, and his favorite parts of being in a boy band are the brotherhood, the whole ‘living your dream’ bit, and the fans. The worst parts? No privacy, no sleep, and the fans. If my brain didn’t remind me every three seconds that he’s famous and perfect and on Emery’s bedroom wall, he could totally pass for a super cool, regular human boy. 
He unzips the flimsy door to Emery’s tent while I hold the sparkling jar. 
“Ladies first,” he says, motioning me to go inside. 
I crawl into the tent, and Milo’s silhouette enters behind me. He sits down across from me before zipping us inside. We fall into darkness minus the little speckles of light in my hand. 
“So,” Milo says from somewhere within the tent. “What’s the deal with Godfrey? I thought butlers wore tuxedos and were unbelievably proper.”
I laugh. Godfrey was here before I was. Sometimes people mistake him for our grandfather, and we just let them think he is. Dad’s parents died when he was young, and Mom’s family lives across the country. We see our grandparents twice a year, tops. Godfrey suits the role better anyway.
“His wife owned a flower shop before I was born,” I explain. “Mom used them religiously, but his wife was diagnosed with cancer and died shortly after. It was really fast. Godfrey lost the shop paying for medical bills, and he was about to lose his house too. Mom and Dad had just gotten married, I was on the way, and Mom gave him the guest house and a job.”
“And he’s been here ever since?” Milo assumes. 
I nod, but he can’t see me. 
“He’s more of Mom’s personal assistant. Or errand-runner,” I say. “He has a lot more free time now that Aralie and I can drive ourselves places. But with Dad’s job, he wasn’t always here to help Mom run in different directions, so Godfrey did.”
“Well, it sounds like you have a pretty awesome life here,” he says. 
That would be so lame if it wasn’t coming from the mouth of an international superstar. 
“Can I quote you on that when lockdown is over?” I ask. 
“You can quote me on anything you’d like,” he says. 
I hear the smile in this voice, and I’m grateful for the darkness. Now I can plaster that goofy fangirl grin across my face, and he’ll never know. 
We sit in the tent with our glowing jar for another few minutes while he rambles on about song lyrics and stupid marketing tactics they’ve used and all of the awesome places he’s visited. He talks about the time they were kicked out of (and banned from) a hotel because Benji and Jules decided to go swimming in the outdoor fountain. Then he talks about Noah’s bad tattoo jobs and how Tate collects phone numbers at nearly every show. 
“This is so weird,” he finally says, completely ending all talk of his Saturn brothers. 
“What’s weird?” I ask. 
Now is one of those times I wish we weren’t in a dark tent. I can’t see his face. I bet he’s doing that thing with his mouth – that puckered up sideways kiss thing that he does.
“I never get to have actual conversations with girls,” he says. “Most of them just scream or cry, and the others are too shocked to speak.”
Saturn’s angels are singing! He’s totally oblivious to my fluttering nerves. My attempts to hide my newly-found Saturnite status have worked.
“I’m pretty good at keeping my cool around famous guys,” I say. “Isaac Torrey will totally back me up on that.”
But Isaac Torrey looks nothing like this beautiful boy. Of course I kept my cool around him. And he’s like thirty…and married. He’s not even on the same planet as Milo. 
“I don’t doubt that,” he says. “What do you say we set these guys free?” 
He reaches for the jar, and his skin brushes against mine.
I will not scream like a fangirl. I will not scream like a fangirl. 
He grasps the jar and shuffles over to the zipped up doorway. He crawls into the night air and extends his hand to help me out. This time, I take it. 
We walk hand-in-hand halfway across the yard until he decides this is the perfect spot to release our jar of stars. He sets my hand free so he can untwist the lid. One by one, the fireflies disband and rejoin the summertime air. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that you could draw?” Milo asks as he reseals Emery’s jar.
“Why didn’t you tell me that you could play guitar?” I counter. 
“You never asked,” he says.
I smile. “Neither did you.”
He nudges me with his elbow and treks on toward the house. He tosses Emery’s jar back and forth between his hands, and I hope it doesn’t shatter on the patio or the entire household will be outside to see what’s going on. 
Luckily he sets the jar right back where he found it and walks to the sliding glass door. Before he opens it, he looks back at me. 
“Can you give me some practice ink too?” he asks. 
“Hmm,” I say. “Depends. Can you write me a song?” 
A smile spreads across his face, and I know I’m smiling like a total fangirl at my bravery.
“Next time we do this, you bring your Sharpies. I’ll bring my guitar,” he says. 
8 | Explosives
“Chloooooeeeeeee.” Emery hisses my name from my bedside. “Chloooooooeeeeeeee.”
I feel around for my cell phone and glance at the time. It’s too early in the morning for Emery to be in my room whispering my name at great lengths.
“What?” I mutter into my pillow. 
“Tate’s head is on your door,” she says. 
Her words are as clear as the windows after Godfrey has Windex’ed them. 
I push off of the bed just enough to see her face. She’s serious, but there’s no way Tate’s head is on my door. Did Emery get all hyena happy in the night and decapitate him or something?
“What are you talking about?” I ask her. 
My attempt to glance at the door is useless. She closed it behind her on the way in. Oh God. What if she has gone crazy and decapitated Tate and plans to hang my head on the door next to his? What if we’re her trophies from the summer of lockdown?
Emery isn’t a guillotine or a game hunter. That late night firefly-catching session must’ve really jacked up my brain. I need more sleep. But I’m awake now. My mind explodes with fireflies and Saturn droplets and the fact that Milo said there’d be a next time. 
“Tate’s head is on your door,” she repeats. “Aralie put it up there.”
I throw the covers back. Aralie could definitely be a guillotine. She might could even pass for a human game hunter. But then Jules’s head would be on my door instead. I know that much.
At the risk of being seen with bed hair and smudged, leftover makeup, I venture across the bedroom and pull my door open. Emery wasn’t lying. A magazine cut out of Tate’s head is taped onto my door. 
“I was going to get him down for you,” Emery says. She walks over to me. “But I can’t reach him. I think you should stick it back on Aralie’s door. She’s crazy.”
The tape is still fresh on the back of the photo and peels easily off of my door. I take the few steps down the hallway to Aralie’s door and gently press Tate’s head to the surface so I don’t alert her. She probably just did it to entertain Emery anyway, so I’ll play along. Emery slaps me a high-five upon seeing my handiwork and rushes down the stairs in a mess of giggles. 
I disappear back into my bedroom to brush my hair and freshen up my makeup. There’s no way I’m going downstairs looking like death-warmed-over. Any other summer day? Sure, who cares. When Spaceships Around Saturn is crashing at your house? Never. 

Emery harasses Benji with another Q&A over breakfast. Yes, he likes the friendship bracelet. No, no one else has ever referred to him as ‘Benji Bikini’ to his knowledge. Yes, chocolate milk is better than regular milk. No, he doesn’t like bananas. Where does she even come up with this stuff?
“I saw something about you on the Twitter,” she says.
It always cracks me up how she calls it ‘the’ Twitter. She also watches ‘the’ YouTube. As annoying and loud-mouthed and wild as she can be, it’s moments like this that make me appreciate her five-year-old mind. 
Benji takes another gulp of milk. 
“Please don’t talk about Twitter,” he says. “I’m going on three days without it, and I feel it.”
Emery ignores him and continues. “She said you have twenty-seven tattoos. Do you?”
Benji buries his face into his hands. 
“I have a lot,” he says into his own skin. 
“Twenty-seven?!” Emery’s eyes bulge like a scared frog slipping off of a lily pad.
“Yes!” Benji throws his arms into the air. “Yes, I have twenty-seven tattoos, and I plan on getting twenty-seven more.”
Note for girls on Twitter: @Benji_Baccarini does not like to talk about his tattoos at breakfast. 
I grab a muffin from the plate on the table, wave to Mom in the kitchen, and disappear out onto the back patio. The Saturn boys will have to fend Emery off on their own. It’s too early, she’s too fangirlish, and I have to deal with her year-round. They can have her during lockdown.

An hour later, Emery hauls me back inside, away from the warmth of the morning sunshine. I follow her back to Dad’s game room. The guys are already in here. Aralie curls up in the corner of the sectional.
 “We’re all here,” Emery says with a proud smile. “Now we can watch the DVD.”
“What DVD?” I ask. 
“Our live DVD,” Milo answers, nodding toward the flat screen. “You know how arrogant we are. We like to watch ourselves.”
Noah looks over at me. 
“And you need to be here so you can tell me how awful my tour stylist is,” he says. “In fact, you should come sit on the other side of Milo. That way, you can lean around him and give me that disgusted look you gave me yesterday when you dissed my shorts.” 
If everyone in the room wasn’t looking at me, I’d give Noah the best evil-eye possible, but with this audience, it’d possibly raise questions. If nothing else, it’d get comments. So I bite my tongue, crawl over Noah’s and Milo’s outstretched legs, and squeeze into the empty spot next to Milo. I smell his body wash from here. I have to stop sitting so close to this boy.
 Emery shushes everyone and starts the DVD. She spends more time glancing around to make sure we’re all paying attention than she does watching the TV herself. I feel like she’s going to give us a Spaceships Around Saturn pop quiz when it’s over. Maybe I should take note of what the guys are wearing, just in case she asks. Or maybe I should count the number of wardrobe changes. 
We sit through the first two songs in silence. Then, in true-Emery-style, she’s the first one to speak up in the middle of the third song. 
“Why is that girl crying?” she asks. “I would be happy at your show, not a stupid crybaby.”
 Benji answers, probably on impulse, since she’s usually grilling him. 
“They just get emotional because we’re they’re favorite band,” he says.
Emery studies the TV for a moment. “Why do all those people make posters?”
“So we’ll notice them,” Benji says. “They want to stand out.”
Noah cracks up, and dread rushes through my veins. I don’t know what he’s about to say, but I know it’s going to involve me. 
“Chloe would make one,” Noah says. “She likes to draw. It’d probably say, ‘I love Noah’s shorts!’”
Milo elbows Noah in the ribs. 
“She wouldn’t waste a poster on your shorts,” Milo says. “It’d say, ‘Milo wasn’t dead. He was with me!’”
“Ooh la la,” Tate pipes up. “Let the rumors begin. Chloe Branson – the girl who destroyed Tito. How dare you!”
Milo shoots this sly grin my way, and I absolutely crumble to a million pieces. I can somewhat handle his flirtatiousness when we’re alone…in a dark tent…where he can’t see my face. But here, in my dad’s game room, with his four Saturn brothers and my two Earth sisters, I just can’t. 
“You know,” Milo says. “You’d have all kinds of juicy gossip about you. Destroying Tito, hanging out with the dead guy in Saturn…”
Whatever else he was going to list is immediately cut off by Jules, who leaps up from the sectional and points at Aralie. 
“Dead guys are your thing!” he shouts. “You’re the one who likes that zombie band.”
He spins around and looks to Benji for help. 
“Dude, you know the one,” Jules says, talking with his hands. “We always laugh at their contacts and weird hair colors, how they’re trying to be all rock star and trendy and sing about blood and all that shit.” 
“Language!” Milo shouts. “Emery’s in the room.”
Jules sighs all dramatically, and I wonder how he even pulls off this whole bad boy vibe. Sure, he looks the part. Black hair, dark eyes, eyebrow piercing, tattoos, reeks of cigarettes. He’s stereotypical at best. At least One Direction’s “bad boy” Zayn can sing…and draw. Jules isn’t even that talented. He’s just here to fit the quota, I guess. 
Benji’s blonde eyebrows narrow together then his eyes widen. 
“Yes!” he says. “Mutated Arteries or something? That guy has the red and black hair. They’re effed up.”
“Mutilated Arteries,” Emery, of all people, corrects Benji. “It’s Mutilated. And that is my sister’s favorite band, so you need to be nice.”
She grabs the remote and pauses her forgotten DVD. The screen freezes on a woman who is far too old to be holding that “I want to date and mate with Tate” poster. She’s old enough to pass for Tate’s mom. 
“Thank you, Emery,” Aralie says. She pushes herself off of the sectional and crosses the room to standoff with Jules. “At least my band actually plays their own instruments. It’s more than I’ve seen any of your band do.”
Milo clears his throat next to me, but I shake my head. He doesn’t need to jump into this battle. Instead, Benji does. Of course he would. He has to defend Jenji. This is one of those moments that calls for an epic eye roll, but I don’t want to break my attention away from them.
“I can play piano,” Benji says. “Milo plays guitar. Noah can play the drums. We do actually have other talents, just for the record.” 
Aralie laughs. “Then what talent does Jules have? I didn’t hear his name in your little instrumental list, and he sure as hell doesn’t have the best voice of you guys.”
Milo squirms around next to me, readjusting his T-shirt and glancing awkwardly around the room. Tate pulls his legs up toward his chest and buries his face into his knees. Emery swaps panicked expressions with Noah. I feel exactly how they all look.
Benji folds his arms over his chest, and I’m pretty sure he’s going to defend Jules to the death. But he glances in our direction. Emery pouts her lips, and her eyes widen with this sad-faced-doe look, and Benji sits back down. Did Emery seriously just put a dent in Jenji?! Holy hell. Why must we be on lockdown? The Twitter-verse needs to know that my baby sister just burst the Jenji bromance bubble. 
Jules shakes his head and laughs. It’s almost condescending. 
“When you’re an international superstar, then you can bitch about whether someone has talent,” he says, stepping a bit too close to Aralie. “You’re just a pretty rocker girl who wants a badass rocker boy.”
Aralie shoves Jules with both hands, slamming him back into the sectional and crushing the right half of Benji’s body. Benji pushes Jules off of him and dashes toward the safety zone – with us. He sits next to Emery, and she snuggles up between him and Noah like she’s in boy band heaven. 
“At least when I find me a badass rocker boy, he’ll know how to do more than stand on a stage and try to look good while his band mates out-sing him!” Aralie’s voice rises to an octave that I’m not sure even Milo could hit. 
Jules jumps up again but doesn’t advance toward my sister. 
“This is bullshit!” he shouts. “I should be out there living our DVD, not watching the damn thing on lockdown!”
“Well,” Aralie says, crossing her arms. “I can’t blame them for shooting at a jerkoff like you!”
Through the cursing and shouting match, Emery hasn’t winced – until Aralie said ‘jerkoff.’
“Uhh, Aralie?” Emery speaks up. “Remember what Mom said? You’re supposed to say ‘jerkface’ if I’m in the room.”
Oh, Emery. Why? Why must you taunt Aralie when she’s two breaths away from slamming her fist into Jules’s face and making his eyebrow ring meet his skull?
“Shut up!” Aralie shrieks. 
Mom rushes into the room, arms flailing and jaw dropped. She’s really slacking off on her refereeing skills. She never takes this long to enter a shouting match. Aralie and Jules remain as statues, still facing off next to the frozen image of a cougar who wants to mate with Tate. 
“Okay, okay, let’s just all calm down,” Mom says in her soothing-mom-voice. “What’s going on? Why the screaming?”
Jules talks first. “Aralie said I couldn’t sing. She insulted all of my talents.”
“After he made fun of Mutilated Arteries,” Aralie clarifies. “And I only said what everyone on Twitter has already stated.”
Mom sighs and looks over at the rest of us. We stay planted, like a jury who is staring at a judge yet too scared to hand over our final verdict. So we remain silent and emotionless. 
“Aralie, can you please not insult our company?” Mom asks. 
My sister opens her mouth to argue, but Mom holds up a finger to stop her. Then Mom turns to Jules. 
“And can you please not insult my daughter’s favorite band just because you may not like them? You do a great job at provoking her,” she scolds the bad boy. 
She steps back and examines the competitors for a moment. 
“You two are so much alike,” she tells them. “Such explosive personalities. Can we just try to get along – or avoid each other – until the end of this lockdown?”
Aralie gives Jules a death glare and storms out of the room. Benji clears his throat to draw Mom’s and Jules’s attention.
“I think I’m gonna go for a swim,” Benji says. “To cool off. Jules should come with me.”
Mom says it’s a wonderful idea, and the bromance of Jenji exits the room. Emery jumps up to follow, but Mom stops her. She says that the guys need some “boy time.” 
Emery disappears upstairs, leaving me with Tate, Milo, and Noah…and the pixilated cougar on the screen. How has no one mentioned this crazy old woman who wants in Tate’s pants?
“We should probably go with Benji and Jules,” Tate suggests. 
Noah agrees, something about showing Jules that they’re all here for him. Noah and Tate head outside, leaving me alone with Milo and the screenshot. 
9 | Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama 
“I should probably go with them,” Milo says. “Jules is having a harder time with this lockdown bit than any of us.”
Obviously. He picks fights with my sister any chance he can. Laundry. Twitter followers. Now her favorite band. It’s like he makes it a priority to piss Aralie off. He knows he’s going to provoke her and get under her skin, and he thrives off of it. How dare he play the victim card in front of Mom like that. That untalented jerkoff. 
“You’re right,” I say. I have to get rid of Milo before I take my anger toward Jules out on him. “Go give him one of those mature Milo Grayson lectures. Offer him some Oreos.”
“Are you kidding? I only share Oreos with you.” He smiles a perfect smile and heads toward the pool. But he stops and looks back. “I’ll see you later?”
“Definitely.” I say the word too fast. 
Luckily he disappears around the corner. The patio door squeaks when he pulls it open. I wait to hear it click shut before I grab the remote. I stop Emery’s DVD. That old chick can date and mate with Tate some other time. I rush upstairs to my bedroom – away from arguing sisters, untalented bad boys, and cougars after Saturn. 
And there he is on my door. Tate’s head. Again. I peel it off, stick him back on Aralie’s door, and shut myself away in my bedroom. I don’t know what’s so damn funny about Tate’s head on our bedroom doors, but I don’t even feel like arguing. 
I crawl onto my bed, flip open my laptop, and browse the gossip columns to see what new theories have been posted about Spaceships Around Saturn and where they may be. I’ve read everything from a deserted tropical island near Cuba to an underground cave in the depths of the Rocky Mountains. It’s amazing what people come up with on the internet. 
I head over to Twitter to see what’s being said, but I pull up Milo’s account instead. His last tweet was the night of the shooting. 
It reads: About to play NYC! Get pumpedddd! I have the best life everrrr!
His extra letters make me smile. Below his tweet is a retweet of Noah. 
NYC is about to get Saturnized! Bring it loud! We wanna hear you scream!
My heart actually sinks like a mutilated artery. I feel so terribly sad for them. There they were, in their hotel rooms or maybe backstage warming up, tweeting to their millions of fans. All of those Saturnites were in the audience, waiting for this big NYC show, with their posters and their Spaceships Around Saturn T-Shirts. 
Milo thought he had the best life everrrr, and Noah was excited about the loud fans. God, this sucks for them. There’s even a twinge of pity in my faltering heart for Jules. I shouldn’t have said he was untalented, even if I never verbalized it. He’s obviously got something that appeals to 6.9 million followers. This is what he meant, though. He should be living that DVD, not watching it on lockdown with us while arguing with Aralie. 
I don’t know how long I stare at Milo’s Twitter feed before there’s a knock at my door. I slam the laptop shut, so no one will know what I was doing, and announce that the door’s open. Emery peeks her head inside. 
“Hey,” she says. “Can you do me a favor and get on the Twitter and see what’s going on?”
She slides in between the door and the frame like a little snake slithering into my bedroom. Then she bounces over to my bed and hops up with a big smile. 
“The guys haven’t been on Twitter,” I remind her. “They don’t have access, remember?”
She nods. “I know. I just wanna see what all those stupid girls are saying about our boys.”
She says ‘our boys’ in that same insinuating voice that Tate used when he said ‘ooh la la.’ Part of me knows that she only chose my room to come into because I follow them on Twitter. But another part of me wants to believe that she knows I’m secretly becoming a Saturnite. 
I laugh and open up my laptop. I click the ‘home’ button on Twitter before she can see Milo’s feed plastered on my screen. The screen refreshes in record nanoseconds. 
“What I am looking for first?” I ask. 
“Look up that Zoe girl who is always talking about Benji,” she says. 
Sadly, I know exactly who she’s talking about. Zoe is maybe fifteen, a huge Benji fan, and has pink streaks in her blonde hair. Her profile picture is one of her with Benji when she met SAS in January. She also tweets fifty to one hundred times a day, mostly to Benji, and she has two million followers herself. People retweet her religiously. She’s like a Saturnite cult leader.
I type the Z into the search bar. Zayn Malik from One Direction pops up instantly. Without thinking, I click on him, and Emery sees that blue button that says I’m following Zayn all lit up before I can hit the back button in the browser. 
She gasps. “You follow a One Direction guy?” 
I should lie. I should say it was an accident. I don’t know how I clicked to follow him. It must be a mistake. But she’ll see right through me. 
“He can sing, like, amazingly well,” I say in my own defense. “And he draws. He tweets pictures of his drawings, and I like to look at them. He’s their best singer. Give me a break.”
She studies my face for a second, glances at Zayn’s rarely-updated Twitter feed, and squints her eyes at me. 
“Who is the best singer in Spaceships Around Saturn?” she asks, all serious and businesslike.
I fake hesitation to make her think that I’m having to debate my answer. 
“Milo,” I finally say, holding back all of my eagerness. 
She stares at me even harder now. “Who is a better singer – Milo or Zayn from One Direction?”
This time, I don’t hesitate. 
“Milo,” I say. “Definitely Milo.”
She smiles a pageant-winning smile, slowly and happily. 
“Good!” she says. “You can follow Zayn.”
Nice to know I have the permission of a five-year-old to follow a boy band guy outside of Spaceships Around Saturn. I didn’t think she’d be so kind to an Earthling like that. 
We browse Zoe’s Twitter feed, which is nothing but wishes of return for ‘our boys.’ I dig through a few other feeds that Emery suggests, but there’s nothing out there that we don’t already know. Actually, we know more – we know exactly where they are. They’re in our swimming pool at the moment. 
“I can’t believe someone shot at them,” Emery says quietly. “That’s sad. What if they got shot or hurt or something? Then I would cry like a crybaby.”
Her face goes all sad, like a hound dog puppy with big eyes and droopy ears. She stares at my screen, and her eyes glaze over. I’m not sure if she’s going to cry, so I unleash the last bit of hope for gossip that I have. 
“Have you ever watched Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama?” I ask her. “She’s a YouTube girl.”
Emery shakes her head while I type in the URL for Darby’s channel. I just discovered Darby days ago, when the Saturn guys first showed up at our house, but I’ve watched most of her videos and fallen in love with her wit and silly gossip.
Her photo pops up on the screen. She’s a fellow brunette with blonde highlights, maybe sixteen years old. She sort of looks like a dolphin with wide eyes and a silly mouth-shut grin. At least she doesn’t pose with that stupid duck face. 
Emery and I stretch out on my bed, and I position the laptop on my pillow. Darby’s segments are only about a minute or two long, but she posts daily. Most days, it’s about Spaceships Around Saturn. She’s a self-proclaimed Saturnite, and she’s Team Tate, so I figure Emery will like her. I admit, it helps me like her knowing she doesn’t want Milo. 
I click on today’s post, which I haven’t watched yet. The headline pops up, and I burst into laughter. I face-plant into my blankets. 
Emery pauses the video and says, “What!? What!?” nonstop in a total fangirl panic. 
I pull away from the blankets, inhale, and glance up at the screen. The words are frozen in aqua blue. Was SAS’s Shooting Faked For Jules to Have Cosmetic Surgery?
As soon as I see the words, I fall back into my blankets. Emery pulls the computer screen down so I can’t see it and waits for me to regain some composure. Finally, I push myself up into a sitting position. 
“She wants to know if the shooting was faked for Jules to have plastic surgery,” I say. 
Emery stares at me like it’s the dumbest thing she’s ever heard. Maybe she doesn’t understand. Okay, maybe it’s not that funny. I push the screen back and hit play. A picture of Jules making a pained face while scratching his eyebrow piercing pops up next. 
“So guys,” Darby says through my speakers. “We all know Jules has had that eyebrow piercing for quite some time now. Some of you love it and find it super sexy. And some of you, like me, think it’s an atrocious piece of metal sprouting from his face.”
She curls her nose up, and the screen flashes to a picture of Jules. I admit, it’s a better picture of him. He’s wearing a tight black shirt and doing that badass smirk that he usually can’t pull off. The piercing doesn’t look so bad. It really fits his look.
The photo fizzles out, and a new one takes its place. He looks like he was mid-sneeze when some paparazzi stalker snapped this one. Half of his face is crinkled up, with his mouth in a creepy snarl and his eye half shut. The picture slowly enlarges, zooming in on his eye and piercing. 
Emery doubles over in giggles. I pause the video – Jules’s half-eye plastered on the screen – and I laugh along with her. It’s like his piercing has sunken into his face and fish-hooked his eyeball from the inside. Eww, gross. I really hope he was mid-sneeze.
I hit play because I can’t take that face any longer. Emery and I focus our attention back on Darby, who has thankfully reappeared after those screenshots.
“So here’s the latest scoop,” she says. “Word on the street has it that there was never a shooting at the NYC show. A speaker blew. But the guys had to fall off the earth for now because Jules needed some…cosmetic work done…to fix his face.”
I exchange glances with my baby sister. I shrug. I have no idea what Darby is talking about, but she quickly informs us. 
“I’m sure all of you earring-wearing girls know about infections,” she says. “Imagine how gross of an infection you’d have if your eyebrow piercing got infected.” She cringes and sticks her tongue out. 
“Gross,” Emery whispers. “He has an infected face? He’s in our house! I don’t want to catch his eyebrow germs.”
I pause Darby’s video for the millionth time it seems. I never have to pause during her segments, even when they’re amusing. Watching with Emery takes this to a whole new level of hilarious. I watched two hours of these things last night after I came in from catching fireflies with Milo. However, aside from his lifesaving tactics, there isn’t much on Darby’s channel about him. Emery hits play before I can explain that Jules’s face is perfectly healthy.
“Well,” Darby says. “Guess who’s infected? Yep. Our own Saturn bad boy, Jules Rossi. The reports are all over the map, but some say it left a minor scar. Others? They say he needed full facial reconstruction on the left side of his face!”
Emery inhales sharply. “Oh gosh!”
“Emery,” I say. “His face is fine. He’s here, with us. You see him every day. This is all just gossip.”
Darby continues speaking. “I thought you guys might need to prepare yourselves for what Jules may look like once the tour has resumed, so here are some possibilities thanks to the wonders of Photoshop. Until tomorrow, this is Darby signing off from Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama!”
She blows a kiss at the screen. Then the altered images of Jules’s face pop up in a slideshow. The first one has a blue glass eye in his socket. Emery cringes, but I laugh. The next shows his nose squished into a thin line down the center of his face and his eyes drooping. Emery laughs this time. The last one has his eye pulled tightly to one side, stretching it thin. His eyebrow is also pulled toward his ear, flattened out as not to show the “infection scar.”
“He looks like Mulan,” Emery says. “But uglier.”
I exit the browser. I just can’t take it anymore. 
“Don’t tell the guys,” I say. “You can’t let them know about Darby. I watch her every day, so you can start watching it too. But it has to be our secret. You especially can’t tell Jules.”
She nods her head like I’ve threatened her with her life. But then she sighs. 
“I have to tell you something,” she says, hanging her head. “It’s a big secret.”
This actually terrifies me. 
“I…I like…” She freezes. “I like Harry Styles more than Jules even though Jules is in Spaceships Around Saturn.”
Her shoulders fall, and her chest releases like she’s just spilled her guts and can finally breathe again. 
I run a fake zipper across my lips and toss the imaginary key. 
“It’s safe with me,” I assure her.
 “It’ll be our sister secret,” she says. “We can be secret Saturnites together. And you can follow Zayn, and I’ll like Harry more than Jules.”
Oh God. Does she think I’m a true Saturnite now? I mean, yeah, behind closed doors or hidden in tents, sure. But with Emery? That’s a bit beyond my comfort zone. It’s too late to turn back now, though.

Tate mumbles about his skin looking like a prune as he walks past my slightly-opened door. The guys have been in the pool since the Aralie vs. Jules showdown earlier. Benji says something about how he’s about to die from starvation. I never look up from my broken DVD player. I’ve learned their voices by now. So I know it’s Milo when someone asks if I need help. 
He stands in my now open doorway in his dark blue swim trunks. Shirtless. Oh my Saturn, why must he be shirtless inside of my doorframe? A white towel hangs over his shoulders like a hero’s cape. 
“It’s jammed,” I say, fiddling around with the DVD player as not to look at his body. “It does this sometimes.”
He welcomes himself into my bedroom. His damp towel slides down his back when he reaches for the DVD player, but he catches it before it hits my floor. He glances around and wraps the towel around his waist, hiding his shorts. Then he shrugs. 
“I didn’t want to throw my wet towel on your floor,” he says. 
I’m probably foaming at the mouth like Jules would be if his piercing really did get infected and the infection spread throughout his brain. Milo Grayson is in my bedroom, with a towel wrapped around him over his swim trunks, looking like he just got out of a hot steamy shower. He’s shirtless, and he’s tinkering with my DVD player. Be jealous, Saturnites! Be jealous!
Even though he smells like chlorine and sunscreen, I inhale as much of him as possible without being weird because no girl should ever outwardly sniff a guy, no matter how awesome he smells.
“What movie do you have in here anyway?” he asks. 
He glances down at me, and I feel amazingly short. The sunset creeps through my window and hits his caramel eyes, and I swear they light up like a meteor shower. 
“Rainwater,” I somehow manage to say. 
“Ahh, the werewolf movie,” he says. “The second one is out now, right?”
I nod. Yes, Bloodstream is out. That’s where I’d just left from when Dad called with his ‘vanilla disaster’ that was actually a Moo-llennium Crunch type of disaster because I didn’t know I’d fall for Milo Grayson. 
 “I could probably get tickets to the premiere of the third one,” he says. “In fact, I’ll make that call as soon as this lockdown is over. You should go with me.”
I feel as pulse-less as Aralie’s favorite zombie band, even though they’re not really zombies but just sing about them. Did he seriously just ask me to a freaking movie premiere with him? Oh Chloe, shut up. He doesn’t even have tickets. He’s only bragging because he could get them just by dropping his name and batting those beautiful caramel eyes. He said I should go with him, not that he wanted me to go with him.
“Speechless?” he asks. “I’ve done that to quite a few Saturnites, but I didn’t expect it from you, Ms. Branson.”
He nudges me with his shirtless elbow, and I examine the music note tattoos that wrap around his forearm up to his bicep. My face burns the shade of that apple on Twilight’s book cover. Why did he have to bring up paranormal creatures? 
The DVD player spits out the tray, along with Rainwater. Milo pulls the disk out and hands it to me. But he pulls his hand back before I can grab it. 
“Not so fast,” he says. “If I can snag tickets to the trilogy finale, will you go with me? I mean, it looks good for promotion if I go, but I don’t want to get the reputation of loving werewolves or anything. I’d need you with me.”
This is crazy. This is so crazy. Crazy, crazy, crazy! 
“Yes,” I say. “I’d definitely go.”
He hands over the DVD. 
“Good,” he says. “I’ll add that to the list of things to talk to my publicist about when I talk to her again. First I’ve gotta get her to convince the world that I’m not dead. Then we’ll talk tickets.”
I completely agree with Milo’s last tweet. I have the best life everrrr! My mind swims with caramel eyes, movie premieres, and his perfectly-carved body standing in front of me. 
Then it all comes crashing down in a second. Emery dances past my door. She runs back and does a double take at us. And then she screams. Her little footsteps bolt down the stairs, and before I have a chance to run after her and ask what’s wrong, she announces it to the entire house. 
“Milo is naked in Chloe’s room!”

My vocal chords twist together like Medusa’s snakey hair. Damn it, Emery. Shut up, shut up, shut up! Milo curses under his breath. We both rush into the hallway just in time for Mom and Godfrey to run up here, nearly tripping over each other. 
“This is a huge misunderstanding, Mrs. Branson,” Milo says immediately. “Her DVD player was jammed, and I stopped in to help her.”
“And he didn’t want to put a wet towel on my floor,” I say, jumping to his defense. “So he wrapped it over his swim trunks.”
“The door was open the entire time,” Milo says. “Nothing happened. I fixed her DVD player. That’s it. Nothing more.”
My heart hurts just a little when he says it. Nothing more? You offered to get tickets to the premiere of the biggest movie trilogy out right now, and then you basically begged me to be your date. How is that nothing?
“His swim trunks are under the towel,” I say instead, just to re-emphasize that Milo was not naked in my bedroom.
A crowd has gathered behind us. I don’t look over my shoulder at the other Saturn guys, but Noah snickers, and Tate mumbles something about ‘getting it on.’ Aralie laughs afterward. What a traitor! Then again, I didn’t help her with Jules. The real traitor is Emery. What happened to secret Saturnite sisters? I’m keeping Harry Styles a secret. How would she feel if I said she liked a 1D guy more than a Saturn guy? If she wasn’t a five-year-old, I’d blast it over a loudspeaker. 
“I can show you,” Milo says. “They’re blue.”
Mom opens her mouth, but Emery screams again. I never realized she was hiding behind Godfrey.
“Nooooo!” Emery’s footsteps hurry back down the stairs. “I don’t want to see his butt!”
Dear creatures of Saturn, please inject me with the infection that destroyed Jules’s face. Don’t give me cosmetic surgery. Just let me die and carry my shame and embarrassment to my grave with me. Sincerely, Chloe Branson
Mom steps forward. “I’m sorry, you guys. This was just a huge misunderstanding. Emery’s little, and she just…I’m sorry.”
She waves the crowd behind us to go on. There are a few footsteps and shuffles. I assume everyone is gone since Mom waits a moment to speak.
“I’m really sorry, Milo. Chloe’s used to Emery’s mouth by now,” she says. She’s using that tone. The Deacon break up tone. “I really hope she didn’t embarrass you too much. I know nothing happened, so please don’t worry about that.”
Um, infection, now please. Straight to my brain. Kill me on impact. Please!
Milo shakes his head. 
“It’s fine,” he says. “Next time, I’ll change before I attempt any handiwork around the house. I’m gonna go get dressed now.”
He quickly excuses himself and disappears around the corner down the hallway. Mom mouths “Sorry” to me, but the damage is done. The humiliation and embarrassment and defamation are all done deals. She hurries back downstairs, probably to lecture Emery, and I turn back to my bedroom door.
And there he is. Tate’s freaking head plastered back on my door. Emery probably ran to Aralie’s room as soon as our Darby session was over. What a little Saturnite traitor. I debate ripping Tate’s face apart because he’s smiling so goofily at me. In the depths of my mind, I literally hear his laughter. Instead, I look directly at the picture, say, “Shut up,” out loud, and slam my door.
10 | Crushed Ladybugs
Two days. 
Two long, boring, heart-wrenching days. 
Two days of silence and distance and avoidance of eye contact.
This must be what it feels like to stand outside of a venue watching your favorite person in the world sign autographs for hundreds of other girls then having security guards pull him away just before he writes that first letter on your CD cover or band photo. I can’t even get an M from Milo. I feel like those hopeless girls with giant posters hoping to stand out in the packed auditoriums. Or the girls who camp out in the hotel parking lots and never get close enough to snap a picture. Ugh. I feel like the cougar who wanted to date and mate with Tate, minus the Tate part, obviously.
Noah has given me sympathy eyes over his strawberry milk each morning. I want to ask him what he knows, what Milo has said behind the scenes, but Noah isn’t going to tell me because I don’t tell him anything. Nothing has been the same since Emery ran downstairs screaming that Milo was naked in my bedroom. 
I don’t get why he won’t talk to me, though. I was there too. I was humiliated and embarrassed and slandered just like he was. All eyes were on us, not just him. I’m part of this too, Milo! You can’t be “naked in Chloe’s room” without the whole Chloe part. 
Thunder rattles the window pane in my bedroom. That looming storm will be here soon, and I promised Mom I’d run to the store for her to get more batteries for her flashlights. I suggested that Godfrey go, but Mom says she gave him the day off after all the recent drama in the household. I guess that’s her way of referring to the mistaken nudity and my sister’s almost boxing match with Jules. 
I cross my bedroom, pull back my door, and Tate’s freaking face is still plastered to the surface. I bet the guys have wondered for the last two days why in the hell I have Tate Kingsley’s face on my door. I wish I had an answer. I peel him off and return him to Aralie’s door. I don’t know what she gets out of this, but I’ll humor her. 
The guys are playing Xbox in Dad’s game room when I go downstairs. Benji and Jules debate with Noah about how to beat this level. Tito remains quiet. I wonder if they’re even in there. Mom looks up from the dining room table when I walk through. She’s alone. I was hoping maybe the i/o of Tito was in here as well. 
“I’m sorry you have to go alone,” she says. “But Emery isn’t safe for the public and after Aralie’s grocery store episode, I don’t think she is either.”
“It’s fine,” I say. I grab her credit card off the table. “Just flashlight batteries?”
She nods. “I’ll text you the exact sizes.”
I nod and rush back upstairs to grab my keys, phone, and purse. Footsteps follow me, but I’m too far ahead to see who it is. I push my door nearly shut behind me, just so I can bask in the moment when Milo pushes it open. There’s a soft knock. I smile to myself and tell him it’s open.
I spin around, excited to see his caramel eyes again in a moment other than asking me to pass the salt, but there’s no caramel or chocolate or any kind of candy for that matter. There’s an eyebrow piercing.
“Hey,” Jules says, almost uneasy. “Um, can I ask you something?”
He hesitates but pushes the door shut behind him. Great. Now I’m behind closed doors with Jules. After Milo was “naked” in my room. Emery is going to make me out to be a Saturnite slut before this lockdown is over. 
“I, uh, sorta need, like, the biggest favor ever,” he stammers. “You’re eighteen, right?”
Is he about to ask me to buy porn for him? Oh God, please don’t let this be about something X-rated. 
“That depends on what kind of favor you need,” I say. 
He laughs, and his face softens. He doesn’t laugh enough. Or smile enough. I wish this lockdown didn’t suck so much for him. 
“I’m down to my last two cigarettes,” he says. “I’ve been using them sparingly, but I won’t last the rest of the time here without them. I can’t ask Godfrey to get some for me. I’d feel like a loser.”
Yet he isn’t concerned with what I’d think about him. Or if I’d judge him. For some very odd reason, this makes me feel awkwardly comfortable. Is there such a thing as awkwardly comfortable? 
“I don’t know,” I say. “I’ve never bought cigarettes, and I really don’t want to be seen buying them. People talk.”
“Pleeeeease, Chloe,” he begs. “Isn’t there some small family-owned place you could go? Or a random gas station you usually don’t go to?” 
He almost reminds me of Emery with those sad eyes. 
There’s a small service station about three blocks from here, out toward the park. I could go there. No one frequents that place, and not many people will be out in stormy weather. The few times I’ve been there, the owner’s stoner grandson was working the register. He’ll be too high to even realize I came in and bought cigarettes. 
“Okay, fine,” I say. “But if you breathe a word to anyone–”
He holds his hand up. 
“I gotcha,” he says. 
He hands me a ten-dollar bill from his wallet and tells me what he needs. 
I doubt one pack will last him the rest of lockdown, but maybe it’ll help him cut back. Maybe he’ll decide to quit smoking. Then he can get vocal lessons. Stop, Chloe. That’s mean. 
“Thank you so, so much. You’re my lifesaver,” he says. 
I just nod like a bobblehead and watch him slip out of my bedroom. I’m getting in too deep with this Saturnite stuff. 

I pull in at the service station. There’s an old beat up truck outside. It looks like the only form of human existence. I grab my keys, Jules’s money, and toss my purse onto the backseat. I lock the doors, glance around, and hurry inside. If anyone saw me, it’d be secret service agents watching my every move. I think I’m clear, though.
The door creaks open, and a bell dings above my head. The stoner kid turns around and smiles a goofy smile. 
“What’s up?” he asks. 
How professional. Isn’t “How may I help you?” a standard business greeting?
I stammer through asking for one pack of crushed ladybugs in a cancer stick. He digs around in the rack above the register and rings up my purchase. It’s quicker and less painful than ripping off a bandage.
Once I’m back in the car, I grab my purse, shove his cancer sticks and change inside, and head back to the house for more segregation from Milo. I just wish I knew what he was thinking. Is he avoiding me because he’s embarrassed about the towel incident? Is he afraid someone will get the wrong idea and it’ll get leaked and ruin his nice boy image? 
Oh God. It clicks in my brain, and I want to jump in my own spaceship and fly away to Saturn. He’s afraid I’m getting the wrong idea. That has to be it! He knows I’m slowly falling for him (okay, slowly is the biggest lie ever), and he doesn’t want to lead me on. He doesn’t want to be the guy who broke my heart because he didn’t feel the same way. He doesn’t want to fall into the same category as Deacon and be some jerkoff who ends up on my hate list forever.
It’s the only thing that makes sense. I can’t even hate him for it. At least he spared me, right? He didn’t lie and drag my name through the mud. He didn’t call me an Ice Queen. He was perfectly nice about it, and that makes me feel even worse. Milo knows that once this lockdown ends, he’ll go back to touring, I’ll go on to college, and he’ll be nice to me on Twitter every now and then. I’ll get a follow back out of all of this lockdown stuff. My life sucks. I’m going to make a T-shirt when this is all over that says “I Hid Spaceships Around Saturn and All I Got Was a Lousy Twitter Follow.”
I reach for the CD player to blast Sebastian’s Shadow for the rest of the drive home. Maybe it’ll drown out my insecurities and false hopes and any thoughts of Canadian boys. I feel for the CD button, punch it, and turn up the volume. But I didn’t punch the CD button. I hit FM. Milo’s voice pours through my speakers. 
This is the summer of hell. 

Jules meets me in the garage the moment I pull in. He’s either incredibly impatient or Aralie blew up at him while I was gone, which might’ve resulted in smoking his last two cigarettes. He rushes around to my car door and jerks it open.
“Did you get them?” he asks. 
“Have you been standing there watching for me?” I ask him. 
“I’m nicotine-dependent, okay?” he says. “I’m craving here. I’m being discreet. No one knows I’m out here.”
I dig through my purse, grab the pack of cigarettes, and attempt to fish out the loose change. Then he tells me to keep it, like I’m a freaking waitress or something, and darts back inside. I gather Mom’s batteries and trail inside behind Jules. 
When I get upstairs, my door is free of Tate’s head – for once. I take it as a sign that maybe my luck is changing. Everyone else was downstairs when I got home, so it wouldn’t be obvious that I’m stalking Milo if I go down there. 
After running a brush through my hair, just for good measure, I venture down to Dad’s game room, which seems to be the hangout these days in our house. Benji and Noah stretch out on a pallet of blankets in the floor with Emery. Aralie sits in between Jules and Tate. I guess Mom’s “please get along or avoid each other” resulted in getting along…for now. And then there’s Milo – with his godforsaken acoustic guitar. 
Milo’s eyes meet mine for half a second then he looks to Noah. Noah glances over his shoulder and bolts up into a sitting position. 
“Chloe!” Noah exclaims all too happily. “Are you going to join us?”
Everything in me wants to say ‘no’ because his BFF Milo is ignoring me and shattering my pathetic little heart. Now they expect me to join them in their own acoustic set…listening to Milo sing…and play guitar…and be perfect. 
I hesitate a second too long, and Noah leaps up and pulls me toward the sectional. 
“Sit with me,” he says. 
He knows something. Milo has said something. He probably told Noah to keep me away from him, to always fill the gap between us, to hold me back if I come too close for comfort. Noah follows orders well. He strategically places himself between Milo and me – closer to me, just in case I make any rash moves toward his boy. 
Benji sits up next to Emery and asks for a song request. He lets her have first pick since she’s the ultimate Saturnite. 
“‘Too Close to the Edge.’” She’s all smiles after her request. “Chloe really likes that one.”
She’s so proud of herself, selflessly choosing a song she knows that I love. Maybe it’s her way of thanking me for keeping her Harry Styles secret or for introducing her to Darby. Or maybe it’s for helping her make that friendship bracelet that’s still wrapped around Benji’s wrist. Or for the humiliation I suffered buying poster A7 of Benji Bock-Bock-Baccarini. 
She probably chose it because Mom gave her an extremely lengthy ‘Mom talk’ about accusations and loud announcements to the entire household. Yeah, it’s a guilt thing. 
Milo glances at me but looks away the moment he makes eye contact. He strums the first few chords, and I die. I literally just die right here on the sectional, next to Noah Winters, in front of SAS and my sisters and the storm clouds. 
There’s no way I can listen to them play “Too Close to the Edge” with an acoustic guitar in my freaking house. I really liked it because it was the one song that really captured how I felt when everyone turned on me, and I was the laughing stock of the senior class. I was standing waaaay too close to the edge then, and I’m standing even closer to the edge now. 
I swap glances with Noah, and I think I’m getting the hang of this cosmic connection thing because he totally understands. 
“Hey, wait,” he says. “Let’s save that one for last, since it’s her favorite. Let’s do something a little more upbeat.”
I quickly agree, and Emery doesn’t object. She dances around stupidly and does her best fist pumping for a few songs. I don’t move a muscle. Neither does Noah. At least someone in this room is aware that I’m breaking down. 
It may be summer, but I’m thankful for that sliver of winter. 
11 | Apologies
Last night’s storm stole our electricity and forced us all upstairs before the guys could get back around to singing “Too Close to the Edge” for me. I adore Earth and its atmosphere and bad weather. I don’t think I’ll ever complain about a rainy day again. 
Noah is the only one at the table when I walk through the dining room this morning. It’s a carbon copy of every other morning – Noah, silence, and strawberry milk. 
“You okay?” he asks. 
Well, that’s new. 
“You haven’t finished your milk,” I say. 
He shrugs. “I know. I don’t care. Are you okay?”
“Yep,” I say in the most monotone voice I think I’ve ever spoken. I sound manly and robotic. Eww. 
He grabs his glass and follows me into the kitchen. Mom isn’t in here either. Did Noah and I miss some special memo that says we’re not supposed to get out of bed today? I pour a glass of milk for myself while Noah says that strawberry milk is better. I’m sort of hungry, but at the same time, if I dare to put anything in my mouth, I may upchuck it, and that’s grosser than my robot voice. 
“He doesn’t blame you,” Noah says in a near whisper. “He was embarrassed. He’d never, ever do anything like that, and he didn’t want your family to think he’d even try. If you wanted to get Milo naked, you’d have to strip him yourself.”
I crack up, not because it’s funny or because I even want to laugh, but because I’m glad someone finally brought up the mistaken nudity. Everyone’s thinking about it, so let’s just clear the air and cut the tension already. Thank you, Noah.
He still avoids eye contact while talking about it, though. Aren’t guys supposed to be all pervy and immature about nakedness? Instead, Noah plays with a magnet I made months ago. It’s a glittery purple flower. Emery glued googly eyes to it. 
“It doesn’t give him the right to be a jerk,” I say. 
I sip my milk, but it tastes gross now. 
“He’s just…Milo’s a nice guy. Like really nice. He’s that guy who everyone takes advantage of and expects him to have all the answers,” Noah explains to the flower. “He didn’t want you to think he was trying anything or that he was trying to tempt you or I don’t know. It was just a low blow for him, and he’s embarrassed.”
Someone shuffles through the house, and we both stand still, holding our glasses of milk and lingering by the fridge like two total weirdoes. Milo and Jules round the corner and stare at us – like we’re two total milk-drinking weirdoes.
“Morning,” Milo says. 
He brushes past me, completely ignores me, and grabs the milk from the fridge. 
Jules waves a cigarette at us and ventures onto the back patio for his morning nicotine fix. Milo pours a glass of milk, digs through the cabinet for the Oreos, and walks back into the dining room. He doesn’t say a freaking word. 
Noah chugs the rest of his strawberry milk. 
“I’m gonna try to talk some sense into him,” he whispers.
He puts his glass in the sink and leaves me with the fridge and its many glittery magnetic picture frames. Emery’s goofy grin flashes from all of them. Someday, I hope she has a toweled boy in her bedroom, and I hope someone mistakes it for more. 
I can’t make out the whispers in the adjoining room, and Jules makes more noise than necessary when he comes back inside. He joins them at the table, asks something about sports, and a normal conversation resumes. 
I’ve halfway worked up my nerve to run past them and return to the confinement of my bedroom. Even though I’d watch Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama and obsess like a typical Saturnite, at least I wouldn’t have to look at Milo in person.
Mom enters the kitchen and shreds away all of my half-courage. 
“Chloe, sweetheart, I need to talk to you,” she says. 
There’s not a single social event I can think of that I may need to cancel today. No parties. No festivals. No lunch dates. Maybe Aralie had something planned, and I have to do damage control. 
“This is really hard for me to say, but Ms. Sue called me this morning,” she says. 
Who in the world is Ms. Sue?
“She said you stopped by their store last night,” Mom continues. “She wasn’t trying to rat you out, but she was very concerned and wanted me to be aware of what was going on.”
Oh God. The cigarettes! I ease over a few steps and look into the dining room. Jules stares back at me, wide-eyed and stupid. Then he looks away and buries his face. Noah hits Jules’s arm, and Jules motions for them to shut up. He’s seriously going to let me take the fall for this! I turn my back to the dining room because I have to keep my composure through this, and seeing Jules Rossi right now is not helping my composure.
“Chloe, I know things have been rough these last few months,” Mom says. It’s the sympathy tone. “But smoking isn’t the answer. If you need to talk to someone, you can always come to me or Dad or even Godfrey. Or we can pay for therapy sessions.”
“Mom, I’m not smoking,” I insist. “And I don’t need therapy. I’m completely fine. Really.”
She tilts her head and studies me like she did on graduation night, while she cried because her baby was all grown up. She has those same worried eyes now that she had when she talked about setting her baby bird out to fly on her own. Please, Mom. Don’t call me a baby bird while 3/5 of SAS is listening. 
“Sweetheart,” she says. “I just know you went through a lot with that break up, and seeing Deacon the other day couldn’t have made things any easier, especially when he acted like he did. I know you had big plans this summer, and I wish things could’ve gone as planned.”
“I’m okay, Mom,” I say through my teeth.
“Then why were you buying cigarettes, Chloe? Ms. Sue wouldn’t just make that up,” she says. 
Her voice pleads with me, like she’s truly heartbroken and worried. She doesn’t even seem mad about it. I don’t know who this Ms. Sue woman is or where she was hiding at that service station, but damn her all the way across the universe for running her big freaking mouth. 
“They were for me.” The voice is directly behind me.
But it’s not Jules. 
It’s Milo.
“I’m really, really sorry,” he says, looking at Mom instead of me. “I shouldn’t have asked Chloe to get them for me.”
He places a hand on my shoulder and makes real, caramelizing eye contact with me. 
“I’m sorry, Chloe. I shouldn’t have done that to you, and I really wish I could take it back,” he says. 
I blink my eyes a few times, quickly, like an idiot who just rammed a mascara wand into her eyeball, but it fights back the tears. Mom may not be reading between the lines, but this is a real apology – just not for cigarettes. 
“Milo,” Mom says, almost shocked. “Your voice…Why would you risk it with cigarettes? I didn’t know you smoked. I just never would’ve imagined.”
He clears his throat and pulls his hand away from my shoulder. 
“I, uh, normally don’t,” he stammers. He’s a terrible liar. “It’s just, with the lockdown…and everything else…I’ve just been really stressed. It’s a lot of pressure, and I take on too much, and I just needed something to calm my nerves.”
His words run together at rapid speed. I wonder if Mom knows he’s lying. Panic floods his face, like he might deteriorate any second and confess that the cigarettes aren’t his after all. If Mom knows he’s lying, she doesn’t show it. In fact, she plays along – or believes him – and gives him the lecture about lung cancer, not smoking in front of Emery, and not littering outside.
He just nods his head and says, “Yes ma’am,” the entire time.

Jules really will need reconstructive facial surgery by the time I’m done with him. It’s been an hour since he sat at the table, looking away, letting Milo take the fall for his nicotine habit, and my blood is still boiling. 
I fall back on my bed and glance at my cell phone. That little voicemail symbol stares back at me. Paige called while Milo was defending my honor. Luckily my phone was still upstairs, so it couldn’t ruin the moment for me. 
Milo Grayson played my knight in shining armor this morning, and I can’t even tell Paige about it. I hate ignoring her, but I also hate lying to her. The longer Spaceships Around Saturn is locked down in our house, the bigger a web of lies I have to weave. 
I pull my cell phone to my ear and dial into my voicemail. The robot lady tells me that I have one unheard message. No kidding.
“Hey Chloe, it’s Paige. Um, I hope you’re not still mad. I thought giving you a few days to cool off might help, but um, I wanted to hang out, just to talk or whatever. Could you please call me? I really miss you…okay, uh, bye.”
A few days? It feels like the SAS guys have been here for three weeks! Ugh. It’s not that I don’t want to talk to her. I do – I just can’t talk to her about anything that’s going on. There’s no way I can see her. I’m on lockdown. Okay, that’s an excuse. I could slip away for a few hours. But who’d want to?
I decide to suck it up and call her back. She answers on the second ring. 
“Chloe! Hey!” she shouts through my earpiece. 
She instantly rambles off a long apology for calling me the worst friend ever, says she’s going to Florida later this summer with Lauren’s family since Cancun got cancelled, and then she asks how Emery is doing.
“Emery?” I question.
“Yeah, her summer pneumonia or whatever?” she says, like I should know what she is talking about.
“Ohhh,” I say, remembering the little white lie. “She’s better. Definitely back to her usual annoying self.”
“Is she freaking out about Spaceships Around Saturn?” Paige asks. 
My throat feels like the Sahara Desert, dry and scorching. I suck my cheeks in and out like a delirious puffer fish, trying to build up some sort of moisture in my mouth. 
“What do you mean?” I eventually croak out. 
“The shooting,” Paige says. “The hiding out thing. Isn’t she freaking out to know where they are and if they’re okay? I heard that one guy got shot.”
I’m filled with mixed emotions. There’s relief – Paige doesn’t know, and Paige doesn’t suspect. But then I’m pissed! That one guy has a name. It’s Milo Grayson, and no, I will not share. I fake a laugh even though I’m sure I have my angry face on. 
“We’ve tried to keep her away from the news as much as possible. She doesn’t understand why someone would shoot at them,” I say. 
I wish she’d change the subject.
“How can you?” Paige speaks like I’m insane. “It’s everywhere – literally freaking everywhere. I can’t turn on the TV or get online or go anywhere without seeing them. I guess Emery will be fine as long as her Benji boy is okay, though, huh?”
Right. Long live Benji Baccarini. Who the hell cares about Milo Grayson?
“Oh God!” Paige shrieks into my ear. “Speaking of Benji, I heard about your Deacon drama at the grocery store. Actually, everyone heard about it, but what an ass. Why does he do this shit? He only makes himself look like a fool.”
Great. Everyone heard about it. Everyone knows that I, Chloe Branson, bought the A7 poster of Benji Bock-Bock-Baccarini, formerly known in our household as Benji Bikini. The saddest part about it is that everyone is laughing at me rather than at Deacon. I wasn’t even the one clucking. 
I open my mouth to agree that Deacon is stupid. There’s a knock on my door, so I immediately tell Paige to hold on and mute the phone, just in case. As I walk toward the door, I seriously hope it’s Jules on the other side so I can kick him across the galaxy. Or worse, into Aralie’s bedroom. She could do more damage than a black hole or asteroid collision. 
Instead, I open my door to a clean-cut brunette with caramel eyes, a perfect smile, and a tight T-shirt. That same dark gray T-shirt he was wearing the night he arrived and I wanted to melt into his arms on the couch. It takes every bit of strength I have not to let my jaw hit the floor. He starts to say something, but I halt him with my hand and wave my cell phone at him. 
“Hey Paige?” I say, as soon as I un-mute my phone. “I’ve gotta go, but you can text me.”
I end the call before she ever gets a goodbye out of her mouth. 
“Hey,” Milo says, lingering outside of my bedroom. “I’m fully-dressed this time. You think I could come in?”
It’s funny how he asks permission when fully-dressed yet invited himself in when he was next to naked. I don’t point out the irony of it all, though. I don’t want to risk pushing him away when I finally have him back at arm’s length. I motion for him to come inside. 
He hesitates with the door. Leaving it open prevents Mom from thinking something’s going on behind closed doors, but it also gives Emery a chance to see him back in here. At least he’s not in a towel this time. He leaves it open and follows me to my bed. 
I sit down and pull my legs in toward me, but he stops and examines the file cabinet near the footboard. It’s covered in tons of homemade magnets, courtesy of me and my traitor baby sister, and a few snapshots. It actually looks pretty naked in comparison to what it used to be. Every ex-friend and ex-boyfriend and ex-memory have been taken down. 
He glances over at me and pulls himself away from studying my dull life on the metal slate. He makes himself comfortable at the foot of my bed, a fair distance from me in case we’re seen, and looks around again before speaking. 
“I owe you an apology,” he says. “For the last few days. For how I’ve acted. I just…I didn’t know how to handle it.”
And there it is – the admittance that he couldn’t handle the mistaken nudity incident. I wonder if that could be filed under ‘wardrobe malfunction.’ Probably not. There wasn’t much of a wardrobe there to malfunction. Mistaken nudity is more fitting.
He sighs. “I was embarrassed, to say the very least. The whole thing just gave the wrong impression, and I’d never–”
“It’s okay,” I say, completely chopping his apology in half. “I already know. And Noah’s been defending you since it happened, not that I needed him to tell me, but he’s definitely defended your honor.”
Speaking of…I feel my eyes widen instantly, and I open my mouth to thank him for this morning, but he clues in before I say the words. 
“Don’t,” he says. “You’re welcome, but you don’t have to thank me. I was just trying to do the right thing.”
“By letting my mom lecture you about lung cancer and ruining your perfect voice?” I ask.
He laughs. “She never said my voice was perfect. I couldn’t let you take the fall for it, though. And Jules will pay dearly. I’m not sure how or when, but he will. I’ll see to it.”
A million thoughts skyrocket through my mind. I want to know that we’re okay, like really okay and not just okay in the sense of we’re moving past it. I want to know that maybe he’s still interested, and maybe we’ll still have late nights where we sneak outside and play twenty questions or split Oreos in half. I feel like I’m living in the daydream of every girl across the globe. Except it’s real. And when things get real, they get scary – at least when a beautiful boy from Spaceships Around Saturn is involved. 
 Oxygen rushes into my lungs, and I steady myself to begin asking questions. I decide to begin by asking if we’re good now, but Mom’s head pokes in my doorway before I say the first word. She smiles, and I wonder if she even realizes I have a gorgeous, fully-dressed boy at the end of my bed. 
 “I’m glad I found you guys,” she says. “You two were the very ones I was looking for. I need to have a talk with you...both.”
12 | Hide-and-Seek
I don’t move a fiber of my body as Mom walks across my bedroom. I don’t even breathe. My brain gets all fuzzy, and I feel dizzy. What does she want to talk to Milo and me about? Why not me then Milo? Why us? 
It has to be about what happened. She doesn’t want us to be alone together because Milo struts his towel around in my bedroom, and Emery gets the wrong impression, and we’re untrustworthy and slutty and made a mess of lockdown.
She folds her hands together in front of her and paces in front of my bed. Just spit it out, Mom. Tell us that you can’t trust us to be alone together.
“My craft class is this afternoon,” she says instead. “Your dad said I needed to keep up a normal schedule, but you know I can’t take Emery out. It’s way too soon.”
Okay, maybe this isn’t about the towel or about trust issues. But what does babysitting Emery have to do with Milo?
“Godfrey is running some errands for me, and it’ll be a while before he’s back, so I’m gonna have to leave all of you here…unsupervised.” She frowns one of those worried frowns. 
I actually feel horribly for my mom. Every time she speaks to me, she has this sad face and sad eyes, and she speaks in that heartbroken-daughter voice. She probably hates having to come talk to me. She automatically goes into gloom mode, sheltering the little baby bird as much as possible because she thinks I’m too fragile to fly. 
“Emery will be fine,” I say. “She stays here all the time with Aralie and me.”
Mom sighs. “I know. It’s just with the lockdown, I feel like I need to be here. I don’t want the house to catch on fire or something bad to happen,” she says. “That’s why I’m leaving the two of you in charge.”
Milo’s eyes widen, and he looks as confused as I feel. An hour ago, Mom was lecturing us about cigarettes – individually. Now she’s leaving us in charge – together.
“Look,” Mom says, using that ‘straight to the point’ voice. “You’re the only one of the guys who has shown any real sense of maturity, and as a mom, I pick up on these things. You two are the oldest and most mature. Therefore, I trust leaving you two in charge.”
Wow. Here I was thinking she was coming to tell us the very opposite. 
“Um, Mom, all of the guys are older than me,” I remind her. 
“You’re the oldest of the girls,” she counters. “I just need you two to keep this place intact for me. Don’t let Aralie and Jules kill each other. Don’t let Emery torture Benji. You know, the usual.”
I love how our “usual” household behavior has turned into separating Aralie and Jules and saving Benji from fangirlisms. What did we do before the guys of Spaceships Around Saturn showed up? And worse – what will we do after they leave?
A moment later, Mom goes to announce to the rest of the household that she’s leaving us in charge while she attends her crafting class. Milo falls back on my bed and looks over at me. 
“I thought she was about to say something about us being alone together,” he says, voicing the same fear I’d had just minutes ago. 
I agree, but new fears creep up in my mind. There’s no way Milo and I can control my Earth sisters and his Saturn brothers. We’re a monarchy that will quickly be overthrown. But when I think of it that way, it’s not so bad. At least I’d be the queen to his king. 

Fifteen minutes after Mom leaves, the house still stands. Jules and Aralie are still breathing. I don’t think Emery has asked Benji a single question in at least the last seven minutes. We may pull this off after all. Milo goes to find the Oreos while I wait in my bedroom for his return.
“I’m borrrrrred,” Tate says, dragging himself down the hallway like a zombie with a limp leg that has to be hauled behind him.
“And I’m Twitter-deprived, so shut up,” Benji calls out afterward. 
I watch for the pretty blonde-haired boy to heave past my door next, but he doesn’t follow. Emery probably grabbed him and locked him away in her bedroom for more Q&A sessions about whether he likes salt on his watermelon and if her pink beads are prettier than her purple beads. 
 I rush into the hallway to search for Benji, but I find him immediately. He stands in Aralie’s doorway, which is a first. She’s usually hanging out with Tate or throwing things at Jules. 
“You’ll have to ask Chloe for magnets,” Aralie says. “Maybe she can make some of the little Twitter bird for you.”
Benji looks up at me and beams. 
“Your sister gave me note cards,” he says. 
No one should ever smile that big over note cards. He waves the stack of neon-colored cards at me, and his eyes dance around with his silly smile. He’s been around Emery too long. There may not be any saving him at this point. 
Aralie meets me at her doorway. 
“It’s for his Twitter withdrawals,” she explains. “I told him he could use these, stick them on the fridge, and we’d reply to him. So you have to reply.”
“Don’t worry,” I say. “I know all about At Benji Underscore Baccarini. I’m fully aware of the crap he tweets. I have plenty of smartass replies ready for him.”
I wait for Benji to shoot me one of those evil-eye glares that are classic of Team Jenji, but he doesn’t. Instead, he laughs. 
“Remind me to follow you on Twitter when this lockdown is over,” he says. “I’ll tweet to you all the time.”
Before I can think up some witty comeback, footsteps close in on me at supersonic speed. Tate’s arms sling around me, encasing me in his grasp, and he stumbles around trying to regain his balance, zigzagging me along with him. 
“I’m bored, Chloooooeeee,” he whines.
Tate lets me go, but his shoulders slump in this pathetic attempt at depression. I attempt an apology for his boredom, but it doesn’t do any good. He just gives me sad eyes and a pity face. 
Then his face lights up like a firefly. 
“Let’s play a game,” he suggests. 
A smile wraps from ear to ear on his face, and he looks twelve years old instead of eighteen. He looks the youngest of the guys. His hair is always a mess, and his bangs fall in his eyes. He sort of reminds me of an anime character because you rarely see his eyes, and he always smiles far too happily for anyone else’s liking. 
“No,” I say. “The last time we played a game, Milo cheated. I can’t stand for that.”
“Are you still mad about that?”
I spin around, and Milo walks toward me with the pack of Oreos in his hand. 
“Because, if you are,” he says, circling around me. “I’ll admit that I cheated. Okay? I cheated. You should’ve won. Noah can even vouch that I cheated.”
I glance around at Tate, Aralie, and Benji. Where is Noah? Oh God – where is Emery?
“Where’s Emery?” I ask, directing the question more to Milo than anyone else because he’s the only one who’ll probably bother to calm me down.
“With Noah,” he says. “And Jules. They’re downstairs watching one of the Toy Story movies on DVD.”
It’s a good thing Mom left Milo in charge. I’m failing at this whole mature, older sister thing. I should know where Emery is, not that Tate is bored and Benji misses Twitter. 
Tate bounces around me.
“I’m gonna go get them,” he says. “We’re going to play hide-and-seek…in the dark. There has to be a ton of places to hide in this house.”
Aralie laughs and runs out of her room. 
“I’m in,” she says.
She locks arms with Tate, tells him that she’s going to hide with him, and bounces down the stairs to collect Noah, Jules, and Emery. Benji shrugs and follows behind them.
“So much for Oreos,” Milo says.
 He turns and walks to my bedroom, tosses the package of cookies onto my bed, and meets me back in the doorway.
“I think you should hide with me,” he says. 
He grabs my wrist and pulls me toward the stairs with him.

Once we’re downstairs, Emery explains how this is going to go down, since she’s obviously the rule-maker for everything in our house. She stands up on the coffee table, but neither Milo nor I bother to tell her to get down.
 “I know every good hiding spot in this house,” Emery boasts.
 “I’m seeking,” Benji interjects.
 “Ohhhh,” Emery says. “I’ll help you. I know all the good spots, so I’ll be able to find everyone.”
 Benji slouches next to me. He must’ve thought he was going to get a free moment away from her. She yells at Noah and Jules ahead of time and tells them not to jump out or growl or do anything that might scare her. She also assumes, out loud, that Tate will be the easiest to find because she’ll hear him laughing.
 As soon as she and Benji close the door to count to one hundred, we all disperse. Noah and Jules already have a plan, and Aralie drags Tate in the opposite direction.
“Where to?” Milo asks.
I glance around to make sure we’re truly alone before I grab his hand and run back upstairs. He tags along, quickly and quietly, as we hurry down the hallway of the second floor. We bypass my bedroom, Aralie’s room, and then Emery’s room. Instead of turning left toward the guestrooms, where Spaceships Around Saturn have been crashing, I lead Milo toward the third floor staircase. 
“Emery is scared of the third floor,” I say. “We may be alone for a while.”
We move up the staircase a bit more quietly. Then I lead Milo down the hallway to Mom’s old crafting room. Sunlight pours through the sheer white curtains and reflects off of the wooden flooring. Milo notes that the acoustics probably sound great in here with such a high ceiling. Thick layers of dust hug the old tables and piano that Mom quit playing years ago. Inside of the wall is a huge walk-in closet. I reach inside to flip on the light, but the bulb is shot. 
“Can you handle the dark?” I ask, spinning on my heel to face Milo.
“Are you not hiding in there with me?” he asks. “You know, I won’t have fireflies to make me feel safe this time. I kind of need you.”
Do you hear that, Saturnites? Milo Grayson kind of needs me. Of course, you don’t hear it, though. This is lockdown. I can’t share my excitement with anyone. Maybe Noah will be willing to listen to details later. I can make him feel ‘in the loop’ about things.
Milo steps into the closet and reaches his hand out for me. There’s not a question in my mind as to whether I want to hide in a dark closet with him – who wouldn’t want to? – but my mature older sister side kicks in.
“Do you know how bad this is?” I ask him. “We’re supposed to be in charge, but we’re hiding out in a dark closet with each other.”
His mouth scrunches to one side as he shrugs. 
“Technically, you’re not actually in the dark closet with me yet,” he says.
I grab his hand and let him tug me toward him. He doesn’t close the closet door all the way, allowing just enough light to leak inside so that I can see his silhouette. He leans back against the wall, sinking into the shadows, and pulls me to him. 
His breath is warm against my ear as he holds me close to him. “You know,” he whispers. “When we found out about the lockdown, I never expected this to happen.”
His grip tightens around my waist, and I run my hands along his arms. 
“That shirt looks so good on you.” I say it now since I know I’ll never be able to admit it outside of our dark hiding spot. 
“You can’t even see my shirt right now,” he whispers directly into my ear. 
“I don’t have to,” I say, somewhere just above a whisper. “I thought that the first night you got here, when you were sitting on the armrest.”
His hand moves up to my face and pushes my hair back over my shoulder. Then his fingers trail along my cheek and down my jaw line. 
“You wanna know a secret?” he asks. 
I nod but am not sure he sees me. I assume he does since he keeps talking. 
“I only asked you to move down on the couch because I could smell your peach shampoo, and I wanted to be closer,” he says. 
He runs his fingers through my hair. 
Oh, Apricot Showers, I’ll never use another shampoo as long as I live. If there was ever a commitment ceremony between an Earthling and her shampoo, it would be between us because I’m committing my hair to the scent of peaches for eternity. I may seriously have to speak some vows next time I wash my hair. 
He inhales. “You want to know another secret?”
“If it’s anything like that last secret, then yes, please,” I say. 
He laughs for half a second, but his arms tense, and I know he’s about to get serious. I like the serious side of Milo. It’s one of the main reasons I’m attracted to him in the first place. But right now, his seriousness scares me. It’s intense and real. 
“I’ve always been the guy in the band who said he’d never get caught up in some girl,” he confesses. “I’m the one who lectures the other guys about our image and girlfriends and how messed up things can get if we try to balance a relationship on top of our careers, and–”
He stops, right in the middle of whatever he’s trying to say. I swear, in this silence, he probably hears my heart shattering like a broken water globe hitting the wooden floor below us. So this is how to he lets me down…in a dark closet…in a room with great acoustics…while Emery is searching the house for us. 
“Chloe,” he whispers. “I was wrong.”
He lifts my chin up toward him, cups my cheek with his hand, and kisses me without hesitation. His lips are soft and warm and every ounce of perfect I always knew they’d be. Any Saturnite who has ever daydreamed about kissing Milo Grayson probably dreamed it’d be this way, minus the dark closet, and I’m the lucky girl who actually got to live that daydream.
I cave in to all things Saturn and let my hands move to his chest and abs, finally exploring places only my eyes had dared to venture. That dark gray T-shirt clings to him like a thin layer, separating our skin. But the fabric smells like laundry and Milo, so I can’t even hate it for standing in between us. Instead, I grasp the shirt, squeezing and maybe even tugging on it.
He pulls his mouth away and laughs. 
“If you want this shirt that badly, I’ll give it to you,” he says. 
I sink into his chest with my hands still intertwined with dark gray fabric. Footsteps sound in the hallway, and Milo tightens his arms around me. 
Emery’s voice rings out from a distance. “Don’t! It’s scary in there!”
The footsteps from a moment ago belong to Benji. The door to Mom’s old crafting room creaks open. I hold my breath as I wait for Benji to cross the room and discover us, but the door shuts as quickly as it opened, and they’re gone. I guess Benji decided it wasn’t worth it or maybe we wouldn’t bother to come up here. 
“I think we’re clear,” Milo says. 
He runs his fingers through my hair and pushes the closet door open. The light hits the side of his face, just like the moonlight did when we were catching fireflies, and I swear, they can see the glow all the way on Saturn. This boy is beautiful. 
“So, you think we can pick back up tonight?” he asks. “Outside, midnight? Guitar and Sharpies?”
I nod. “It’s a date.”
13 | Alien Morse Code
Milo waits on the back patio for me. He’s punctual – right at midnight. I’m always a minute or two later, which is ironic because I watch the clock for an hour waiting for 12:00 A.M. I just believe that a guy should wait for a girl, even if it’s only for a few minutes. 
The note cards on the fridge stop me from immediately going outside, though. I walk over to see what Benji’s “Twitter feed” has to say. His tweets are handwritten on lime green note cards. There’s a stack of multi-colored cards on the counter for us to use to reply. I guess Benji claimed the green ones for himself. 
The first one reads: I wish Aralie wouldn’t hate on Jules. I love that guy. #Bromance
The next one: But she gave me note cards, so it’s cool. #FakeTwitter #ThanksAralie
I put my bag of Sharpies on the counter, fish for the black Sharpie, grab a pink note card, and write: @Benji_Baccarini Maybe YOU should do his laundry for him then. #JenjiForever –Chloe
After retrieving my makeup bag full of Sharpies, I venture outside. Milo is stretched out on a lounge chair with his guitar resting on him. 
“You’re late, Ms. Branson,” he says. 
“Benji’s Twitter feed was calling out to me,” I say. 
“I guess I’ll let it slide this time,” he says. He stands and holds his guitar up proudly. “Anywhere we can go so no one will hear us?”
“The treehouse is a pretty good spot,” I suggest. 
He reaches for my hand. “Lead the way.”
For the most part, we walk in silence, and for once, it’s really awkward because all I can think about is that dark gray T-shirt and his mouth against mine and how he’s been very casual and calm all afternoon as if the kiss in the dark never happened. He even sat through the second and third Toy Story movies with Noah, Emery, and Jules afterward. Did I seriously daydream the whole thing?
The treehouse feels farther from the house than usual, but I blame it on my own frantic state of mind. Emery’s the only one who has even bothered to come out here this summer, which means the inside is most likely decorated in pinks and purples and possibly with posters of Spaceships Around Saturn.
Milo lets me climb up first while he holds my Sharpies. Then he hands them up to me, and I reach down to carefully take his guitar. I wonder how many girls have had the opportunity to take Milo’s guitar from him. Something tells me that I’m the first.
 I use my cell phone as a source of light until I find the black strand on the floor. I plug in the clear Christmas lights, and everything glows when Milo reaches the floor. Mom thought Dad was crazy for having the treehouse wired for electricity all those years ago. I wonder if this was what Dad had in mind at the time – that his someday-teenaged-daughter would be sneaking out after midnight with a gorgeous boy who plays guitar. Probably not or else Dad wouldn’t have built the treehouse to begin with.
 I sit down on a lime green beanbag with his guitar and my bag of markers. Milo walks around, taking in the room. As predicted, there’s a lot of pink in here. Emery’s plastic tea party set is on the table with a bright pink tablecloth beneath. Aralie’s splatter-painted frame and mirror still hang on the wall. 
Milo stops in front of the section of Sharpie’d wall.
 “Is it safe to assume this was your contribution to the interior design?” he asks.
 My hand sinks into the beanbag when I try to push myself back up. I haven’t looked at the drawings on the treehouse walls in so long that I’m embarrassed to see what I might have over there. I join Milo in front of my artwork.
 “Emery usually tells me what to draw,” I say upon seeing the dragonflies and shooting stars. At least there aren’t kittens drawn on the wall.
“So…” Milo says. “When do I get my piece of artwork?”
“When I do get my song?” I ask. 
He smiles. “That is a work-in-progress.”
I squeeze his bicep. “Well, maybe I should draw a work-in-progress right here.”
He turns toward me and wraps his arms around my waist. Then he pulls me close to him in a warm, tight hug. The Christmas lights twinkle in my peripheral vision, in and out of focus like fireflies dancing around us. 
“Okay,” he says. “Truth is, I do have a song for you, but it’s not one I wrote. It’s one that I reworked Milo Grayson style.”
He takes my hand and leads me over to the beanbag. I fall back into the lime green one, and he pulls a black beanbag over next to me. He settles in with his guitar, sneaking smiles at me as I wait with anticipation. 
He strums a few chords. “You ready for this?”
I’m more ready than a field of dust before a tornado. I’m ready to be swept away beyond my control. The beanbags crinkle, and I want them to shut up. Tonight should only be filled with the sounds of Milo’s voice and guitar. 
Maybe it’s a new song from their next album, a sneak peek at what the world will be blasted with next from the beautiful Canadian boys. 
“If I mess this up, don’t get mad,” he warns me. And then he sings the words. 
We sit alone in the morning light. You make a wish for blackened midnight skies. I watch the tears fall from your eyes because the world paints itself with bleeding butterflies.
“Oh my God,” I blurt out. 
Milo laughs and stops playing. 
“You’re not supposed to interrupt a superstar at work, Ms. Branson,” he says. 
I zip my lips, just like I did with Emery and her Harry Styles secret, and toss the key. Milo nods in approval then starts over at the beginning of the song. 
It takes every ounce of self-restraint not to attack him with the tightest hug in the world. My friends never understood this song. I don’t think Aralie even gets it. When Sebastian’s Shadow sings it, Isaac plays heavy, complicated riffs, and Nolan screams half of the lines. 
But here, with Milo, listening to a broken-down, clean acoustic version with his perfect and warm voice, the song feels nostalgic – sad even. It’s like I’m finally awake and hearing this song with brand new ears. Why did it take three years and a lockdown with a boy band to find another soul who understands this song?
Milo exhales a deep breath when he strums the last chord. 
“Was it awful?” he asks. 
He places his guitar on the floor next to him, and I instantly dive toward that black beanbag and throw my arms around him. He doesn’t audibly laugh, but I feel it in his chest. He leans back and looks me directly in the eyes. 
“It was perfect,” I say. 
His smile is also perfect, but I don’t tell him that part. The entire universe feels balanced right now. Fireflies light up the dark sky, and morning is forever away. For tonight, I can be the girl in the Sebastian’s Shadow song who cries on the rooftop with a boy who tries to comfort her. I can be that girl who is saddened by the fact that butterflies must bleed to give color to the world. Tonight, I can be her, and Milo can sing, and we can pretend that this lockdown will last forever.
“I’ve been working on it since you told me that it was your favorite song,” he says. “Your song is still in progress.”
I can’t fight it anymore. I slide my hand to the back of his neck and pull him toward me so we can pick up where we left off in the closet today. But he stops me. 
“Not yet,” he says. “You still owe me some ink.”

After repositioning the beanbags side by side, Milo stretches back and pulls his shirt sleeve over his shoulder so I can have his full arm to draw on. I think he just wants to show off his biceps, though, and I don’t blame him nor would I ever complain. I twist the lid off of my black Sharpie.
His other bicep is already tatted with an image of Saturn and the old English letters of MDG under it.
“Anything in particular you want?” I ask. 
He shakes his head, just like Benji and Noah have in the past few days. These guys give me way too much credit. Noah finally managed to get a dolphin out of me, though, and Benji still has faded remnants of a rocket on his forearm.
I examine Milo’s arm and hope I can keep a steady hand. Even now, I feel stomach flutters when I’m this close to him – especially when he looks at me with those caramel eyes. 
“So, what’d you tweet back to Benji?” he asks, interrupting the hum of the crickets and toads outside. 
“I told him that he should do Jules’s laundry for him,” I answer. 
Milo laughs, and his arm pulls away from me. At this rate, I might as well just draw an atlas of the USA on his arm because crooked lines are about all he’s going to get out of me. 
“Jules isn’t so bad,” he says. “Really. I know he seems like such an ass, but this lockdown is killing him. He has this irrational fear of failure, and being here – not touring, not working – makes him feel like he’s fizzling out.”
I try to understand as best as I can, but he still had no right to leave a pile of his clothes at the end of Aralie’s bed. He had no right bashing on her favorite band. And he definitely had no right to let Milo and me take the fall for his cigarettes.
My blood runs hot as soon as the smell of crushed ladybugs comes back to me. 
“Is that why you lied about the cigarettes?” I ask. 
I cap the lid back on the black marker and exchange it for the red Sharpie.
Milo shakes his head. 
“No, he should’ve manned up,” he says. “That pissed me off. He should’ve never thrown you under the bus like that, so I had to do something.”
“Well,” I say. “It was greatly appreciated.”
He leans over and kisses my cheek. “No problem.”
 “So, tell me more about Canada,” I say, hoping he’ll talk while I draw so the butterflies in my stomach won’t wake up again.

Twenty minutes later, I study the final outline of a maple leaf on Milo’s arm. I draw a heart inside of it and fill in the rest of the leaf with the red marker. He’s talked about the Canadian weather and how he hates the stereotype that all guys from Canada like hockey. He prefers basketball. He said that Emery asked if he has ever seen a real moose, and Aralie thinks it’s weird that they don’t have a president. Apparently I didn’t miss much during those two days that he ignored me.
“I also told Emery that Justin Bieber lived next door to me, but she didn’t care. I don’t think she believed me,” he says. 
“She’s smarter than I gave her credit for then,” I say, tracing the lines of the maple leaf with a purple marker. 
I doubt Milo will think this little piece of Canada is all that awesome, but I think it’s super cute. The fact that I think it’s “super cute” is confirmation enough that Milo will hate it.
“Done,” I say. 
Milo twists his arm to look at my attempt at an ink job. He’s not as flexible as he wishes he was. I so would’ve kicked his ass at Twister if he hadn’t cheated. I walk over to the mirror and take it down from the wall. He follows and examines my artwork in his reflection. 
A smile appears on his face as he runs his index finger over the flesh-colored heart inside of the leaf. 
“So, if the leaf represents my homeland, what’s the heart represent?” he asks. 
I hook Aralie’s splatter-painted frame back on the wall. 
“You,” I say. 
This time, he goes in for the kiss. While my mind says it’d be funny to push him away and throw some witty line at him like he did me, my heart says to absorb every kiss I can while he’s still here. 
I let myself collapse into his arms and the scent of his body wash. His lips are soft against mine, like how I imagine a cloud’s kisses would feel. There’s no rough tongue-jabbing or attempts to play tonsil hockey. There’s no uncomfortable groping or inappropriate contact. I never thought kissing could actually be sweet until now. He’s not like the guys I’ve known. He makes me never want to know another guy again. 
“We should get back,” he whispers when he pulls away. “Not that I want to.”
“Me either,” I say. “But you’re right.”
I gather my Sharpies as he gets his guitar. I send him down first with our stuff. Then I fish my cell phone out of my pocket to use as a flashlight once I unplug our fireflies on a string. 
“Hey, wait,” he calls up the ladder. 
I look around for something he might’ve left behind, but I’m certain he only had his guitar with him. I stand in the middle of the treehouse and wait while he climbs the ladder. He walks over to me once he’s inside the wooden walls. 
“Let me see your phone,” he says. 
Without hesitation, I hand it to him. He wraps an arm around me, pulls me close to him, and stretches his other arm out to hold my phone in front of us. 
“Smile,” he says. 
Once he pulls my phone back to us, he shows me our photo. It’s unreal to see me cuddled up next to Milo Grayson while he’s wearing that perfect dark gray T-shirt. The frame of Aralie’s mirror is behind us, and Christmas lights glow around us. It could almost pass as a perfect summer night with a hot boyfriend if I didn’t know that he was unbelievably famous. 

The walk back to the house is quiet aside from the sounds of the crickets and toads that Milo had talked over earlier. Now they chirp out weird noises that echo across the night sky. 
“You know what they sound like?” I ask, breaking their night song. 
Milo looks at me in the moonlight. His mouth scrunches to one side, and I know that’s his way of asking me what I mean. 
A smile wraps around my face. “Aliens doing Morse code,” I say. 
“You’re kind of a genius, Chloe,” he says, wrapping an arm around me and hugging me close to him until we reach the back patio. 
We’re silent as we sneak back inside. Milo walks slowly and carefully so his guitar won’t make a sound. We make it up the stairs and almost to my bedroom when I hear footsteps. Aralie’s bedroom light flicks off instantly. There’s a “shhhh” sound, and everything falls quiet again.
Milo puts a finger over his mouth, and I nod. Luckily my bedroom door doesn’t creak when I push it open. I flip on my bedroom light long enough to get inside and turn on the TV. My room glows a shade of blue from the DVD player’s logo. Milo flips the bedroom light switch back off as quickly as Aralie did with her own.
“I’ll be back,” he whispers, holding up his guitar. 
He closes the door nearly all the way behind him. 
When he comes back, he wears nothing but a pair of black sweatpants. He closes the door and walks over to where I’m sitting on my bed. Even with just the blue glow from my TV, I can’t miss the dark gray T-shirt in his hand. 
“Your sister isn’t alone,” he says, keeping his voice low. 
He sits down next to me with a mischievous grin. 
“Who do you think it is?” he asks.
“Tate,” I say without a second thought.
Aralie has clearly been flirting with him since the guys have been here, and it’d only make sense for her to end up with the other half of Tito. We could be the sisters who destroyed a bromance. 
“I think it’s Jules,” Milo says. “They’re like those couples who always fight but are crazy about each other, you know?”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Grayson,” I say. “There’s no way. They just fight. They never have those ‘crazy about each other’ moments.”
He shrugs. “Maybe. But it’s either Jules or Tate.”
There’s no either. It’s definitely Tate. 
“Alright,” he says. “I’m gonna go to bed, but I wanted to say good night first. And you know, I had to tell you about your sister trying to wreck our band by hooking up with Jules.”
Milo kisses me before I can argue in Aralie’s defense. Then I walk him to my bedroom door, mostly so I can peek into the hallway and see if there’s any clue as to who is in my sister’s bedroom with her. 
“Hey,” Milo says. “I was going to ask you. Did you want me to wash it first?”
He holds up the T-shirt, and I feel my eyebrows contort into a weird expression – like Jules on Darby’s gossip channel. 
Milo laughs. “I told you that I’d give you the shirt.”
“You were serious?” I ask. 
He nods, and I pull the shirt out of his hands. There’s no way I’m letting him wash this thing. I want it to smell like him for as long as it can. 
“I take it you want to do my laundry for me, eh?” A smirk forms on his face. 
“No,” I tell him. “I believe this belongs in my laundry now.”
14 | Pizza Parlor Lunch Date
My mind is trapped somewhere between maple leaves and bleeding butterflies this morning. I don’t let my thoughts roam any further because the little voice in the back of my head keeps repeating what Milo said last night – “I had to tell you about your sister trying to wreck our band by hooking up with Jules.”
I wondered before if their single statuses were lies to keep them more swoon-worthy to the fans, but after having them here for this long, it’s pretty clear that girlfriends aren’t in the picture. Maybe they really believe that having girls involved will wreck the band. If that’s true, what is Milo doing with me? And what is Tate or Jules or whoever doing with my sister?
I push away my worries and replace them with the memory of a maple leaf with a heart in it. Then a frenzied panic rushes over my skin and gives me a nauseous chill. How do I explain the artwork on Milo’s arm?
I blink a few times to make sure my mascara has dried before I run downstairs to see what’s happening on Saturn. Aralie, Tate, and Jules are in Dad’s game room. Aralie slings her arm back, holding the Wii controller. The little avatar girl in green rolls the bowling ball. 
“Hell yes! What now?” Aralie yells after her animated-Aralie bowls a strike.
Jules makes a gagging noise and stretches out on the sectional while Tate congratulates Aralie on her strike. Seeing the three of them together makes me feel even more awkward today than it has before. 
“Chloe!” Aralie shouts, rushing across the room to me. “Come in here. Have you seen Milo? I need him in here too.”
My throat closes up like I’m having an allergic reaction. I can’t even speak, so I just shrug and shake my head. Is this the part where she announces that she’s a Saturnite and is the first SAS girlfriend? She obviously needs Milo here since he’s the mature and sensible one of the group. He’s the one she’ll have to convince. Maybe she really is dating Tate. Oh God, I hope she doesn’t make a “I’m dating and mating with Tate” poster for their ‘welcome back’ concert.
Tate dashes across the room and volunteers to go find Milo. Aralie walks over to Dad’s DVD shelf and hands Jules a few sheets of paper. I bet he wishes he had a stick of crushed ladybugs right now. He looks miserable. 
Milo walks in with Tate riding on his back. Tate jumps down and smiles proudly at my sister. Yep. She’s totally hooking up with Tate. 
“Good! You’re here,” Aralie says. “You two, sit.” She points at Milo and me. 
This is the first I’ve seen him since he gave me his shirt. He’s wearing royal blue today. It looks good on him too. I wonder if I can just keep his entire wardrobe when he leaves. Emery has already accused him of being naked once. Round two won’t kill him.
“Ladies first,” Milo says, motioning me to go ahead of him.
I sit down on the sectional, and he sits next to me – way too close for public comfort. It’s hard to focus when his leg is brushing against mine. Tate laughs and joins us on the other side of Milo. An accomplished smile spreads on Aralie’s face as Jules stands up and walks to the center of the room. 
Jules shuffles through the papers that Aralie handed him until he finds the right one. He clears his throat and avoids looking over at us. 
“Dear Chloe,” he begins in the most monotone voice ever. “I’m sorry I wasn’t man enough to stand up for you about the cigarettes. I’m a coward, and I have a terrible addiction. I need to quit smoking or I may get kicked out of the band…What the hell, Aralie?”
He looks at my sister, but she holds a firm expression. 
“Read,” she demands.
He sighs. “…or I may get kicked out of the band and replaced with a bad boy who looks better and sings better. Smoking could give me lung cancer, which I can’t afford because I’m the worst singer…Oh hell no.”
Aralie clears her throat, and Tate laughs. I wonder what kind of blackmail she has on Jules to make him suffer through reading an apology that she clearly wrote for him. 
Jules shakes his head. “…I’m the worst singer in Spaceships Around Saturn. I’ll never sound as good as Milo. I am ashamed of myself. Emery was right. I smell like crushed ladybugs. Please forgive me.”
Tate throws his head back and laughs like the mad scientist who brought Frankenstein to life. Aralie chokes back her laughter and demands that he read the other apology next. Jules gives her a death glare. Ugh, I wish I knew whatever it is that she knows. It must be juicy.
“Dear Milo,” Jules reads. “You are twice the singer I’ll ever be. You are twice the man I’ll ever be. You’re good-looking, mature, and think with a level head, unlike myself. I’m sorry I lied about the cigarettes. I am a dick.”
Jules crumples up the apology letters, throws them at Tate, and leaves the room. 
Aralie walks over to where Jules previously stood. 
“You are dismissed,” she says.

An hour later, after convincing Milo (more like begging Milo) to let me color in the heart inside of the maple leaf, I roam the house looking for my sister. Paige invited us to go to lunch with her and Lauren, and there’s no way I’m going alone. I don’t want to go, but I think a break from the house will make me feel better. Maybe I’ll actually stop thinking about Milo and what’s going on between us. 
I check Dad’s game room, but Tate and Jules are alone playing video games. Benji is in the shower. I only know because I could hear him singing a One Direction song with all his heart. I hate to tell him, but he needs to leave the high notes to Liam Payne. Thankfully Milo’s cover songs are much better than Benji’s shower songs. 
Note to self: Don’t think about Milo singing cover songs. It’ll just drive you crazy.
I find Aralie outside near the pool with Milo and Noah. Emery is with them. She’s probably just waiting for Benji to get out of the shower. Why does it feel like things just keep getting weirder and weirder around here? 
“Hey Chloe,” Noah says as soon as I step onto the concrete of the patio. “I saw Milo’s maple leaf. It was definitely a Chloe Branson original.”
Aralie gives him an epic, dramatized eye roll. 
“Noah, it’s a leaf,” she mumbles.
He raises his eyebrows. “Did you see the before or after version?”
“Whatever,” Aralie says. “You’re annoying. This is why I don’t hang out with you.”
She stands up and walks toward the patio door, but I stop her. I quickly give her the run down that Paige wants to meet up for lunch, and I don’t want to go alone. Aralie can’t stand Paige, so it surprises me when she says she’ll go. Maybe she just wants a few moments back on planet Earth too. 
Emery goes inside with Aralie, leaving me with the only other people in this house who know my secret. 
Noah smiles. “I liked the heart. You should’ve left it.”
“Noah,” Milo says in his serious voice. “You remember what she did to you last time you provoked her, right?”
“Don’t!” Noah shouts. He hugs his own body. “I love this shirt. I’ll hush, I swear.”
The patio door slides open again before Milo or I can scold Noah for talking about our relationship – whatever it may be – out loud. Aralie stares at us. 
“We have a problem,” she says. “Mom said we have to take Emery with us.”

My heart is a rapid drum beating out of control. I stare at the double door entrance of the pizza parlor, but I can’t bring myself to get out of the car. Aralie stares ahead too, knowing that Paige and Lauren are inside waiting for us.
“My stomach is growling,” Emery whines from the backseat.
We’ve lectured her the entire drive over here, but I still don’t feel confident. Mom lectured her before we left the house. I can’t believe Mom put us in this situation. Yes, I know Emery is driving Benji to the point of Prozac, but we’ll all need a prescription once Emery slips up and our house is bombarded with Saturnites. 
“Okay, here’s the deal,” Aralie says, twisting around to look at Emery. “Do not mention Spaceships Around Saturn at all.”
“But…but…what if they ask who my favorite singer is?” Emery asks. 
I look at her in the rearview mirror. Her face is scrunched up like an ugly baby doll again. Oh God, please don’t let her start crying. 
“Em,” I say. “No one is going to ask. They don’t care about the guys. They won’t even bring them up.”
She breathes a heavy sigh, and her little shoulders slump forward. There has to be something in Emery’s little brain other than spaceships, Saturn, and Benji Baccarini. Maybe she’ll just sit quietly, eat her pizza, and we can leave fairly soon because she’s with us. She’ll be our ticket out of here. Oh who am I kidding? She’s going to sit down, scream out Benji’s name, and contort her face back to the taxidermy hyena smile. 
Aralie opens the passenger side door. 
“Let’s just get this over with,” she says. 
We walk like it’s a death march, taking us away to our executions. Emery clings to my arm, squeezing my wrists every few seconds. Aralie spots Lauren and Paige in a corner booth. At least we won’t be in the middle of the room. If Emery does slip up, maybe we can hush her and escape before word spreads around the entire pizza parlor. 
Then again, with Lauren and Paige, there’s no chance the lockdown could ever remain a secret. Emery better not breathe a word about Spaceships Around Saturn. Paige waves as soon as she spots us.
Aralie slides into the rounded corner booth first. We stick Emery in between us, and I take the seat closest to the exit. If this goes badly, our plan is for Aralie to talk loudly enough to drown out Emery while I drag the little one to the car in a hurry.
“Finally,” Lauren says. She flips her hair over her shoulder. “Now we can order. I’m starving, and the Branson sisters are never on time.”
I bite down on my lip as the waitress scribbles down Lauren’s order. I knew Lauren would be pissed off at us. We missed her party right after the lockdown happened. Because of our lockdown, she now feels obligated to take Paige to Florida with her. Plus, she’s always thought I was a fool for not sleeping with Deacon because “every girl in school wants a piece of him.”
And I don’t appreciate her referring to us as the Branson sisters. The only person who ever addresses me with my last name is Milo. He’s pretty much the only person who has that privilege.
Emery squirms around next to me. 
“How long until they get it ready?” she asks.
She’s taken a sudden new liking to pepperoni, Benji’s favorite, and she swears she’s craving some right now. 
“It’ll take just a little bit,” I say. “They have to….”
I don’t finish my sentence because I hear his voice. My body moves in slow motion as my head turns toward the flat screen on the wall. The music video for “Music Up, Windows Down” is on the freaking flat screen! And it’s Milo’s verse! 
Before I can completely die inside, Emery’s voice echoes across the universe. 
“This is my favorite song right now!” she shouts out. “I love Spaceships Around Saturn. Benji is my favorite person in the band.”
“He’s cute,” Paige agrees. “I can’t believe someone shot at them. I wonder where they are. I bet they’re back in Canada with their families.”
Lauren nods in agreement. “They probably won’t even finish their tour here, and if they do, they’ll never come back.”
Emery’s eyebrows bend together. Her lips semi-pout, but I really think this is supposed to be her angry face.
“Benji is mine,” she says through clenched teeth. 
Oh seriously, Emery? Someone just said your favorite band would never come back to America, and you’re worried about someone taking Benji from you? He’s nineteen. He’s not going to date you.
Paige laughs. “Don’t worry, Emery. You can keep him. He’s not really my type. I think I would rather have a baaaad boy,” she says, almost singing the word ‘bad.’
Emery shakes her head. “Um, Jules is not going to like you. And he smells like crushed ladybugs anyway.”
Lauren curls her nose. “How would you know what he smells like?”
As confident as ever, Emery smiles. 
“He smokes cigarettes,” she declares.
“Well, yeah,” Paige says. “He’s the bad boy. He’s supposed to.”
I cannot believe we’re even having this conversation. I have to end it before things go too far. Since Aralie hasn’t jumped in to defend Jules, I’m pretty sure she’s Team Tate. I can’t wait to tell Milo about this when we get back. Oh God, Chloe, really? Don’t think about Milo!
“So,” I interrupt. “When are you guys going to Florida?”
“Next month,” Lauren says. “We had planned to go sooner, but since Paige’s trip got unexpectedly cancelled, we rescheduled so she could go with us. It’s not really fair that she has to miss out since other people apparently had issues.”
“Yeah,” Emery agrees. She props her little elbows on the table and leans forward. 
We all wait in this epic moment of silence – like in a movie – waiting for the building to explode or zombies to erupt from the ground. Maybe Aralie’s zombie-obsessed rock band would rescue us. I’ve already met Sebastian’s Shadow, and Emery’s met Spaceships Around Saturn. It’s only fair that Mutilated Arteries would be next. The Branson sisters are two for three. We could do it. 
“That’s like…” Emery pauses and looks at me. Then she looks back at Paige and Lauren. “It’s like when you tattle on someone because they are naked in your sister’s room. Then you get in trouble for tattling, but the naked person doesn’t get in trouble for being naked.”
Oh. My. Saturn. I want to sort of…no…completely die right now. If there is anything at all from this lockdown that I want to forget about, it’s the mistaken nudity. Emery’s misunderstanding costs me two days with Milo. That doesn’t even include the humility, embarrassment, and broken heart. 
“Aralie,” Lauren says. “You’re dating someone?”
Of course. Ice Queen Chloe would never have a naked boy in her room. Not even the ever-so-gorgeous Milo of Spaceships Around Saturn. I can’t believe I thought for half a second that they’d think it was me. 
“No,” Aralie says. “Emery’s just talking crazy. She’s five years old, remember? None of us have boyfriends.”
She shoots Emery an evil eye, and I’m thankful because it shuts Emery up for the time being. The last thing I want to talk about is Milo and mistaken nudity in my bedroom. The word ‘boyfriend’ is completely banned from my vocabulary for the moment. 
Leaving the house was a bad idea. I should’ve just stayed home with Noah’s wisecracks and Benji’s bad high notes and Milo’s caramel eyes. Shoot, I could take Aralie and Jules in another boxing round. I’d even let Tate laugh the entire time. 
Lauren glances back up at the flat screen. The music video ended moments ago, but now there’s a news segment about the guys. Fans cry to the cameras about missing out on the shows. These girls all talk about how it was going to be the highlight of their summers.
“They’ll never come back here again,” Lauren says. “I mean, you come to the USA for your first big tour here, and BAM! Someone tries to kill you. I bet they hate America.”
“No!” Emery screams. She leaps forward, halfway onto the table. “They love America!”
Aralie and I grab our little sister simultaneously and pull her back. This has gone too far. She’s going to snap any second. Mom should’ve known better than to let Emery out of the house. There’s no way to contain an almost-six-year-old Saturnite. The universe isn’t ready for people like Emery. Scratch that – there isn’t anyone who can compare to Emery.
“Calm down,” I tell her. “I’m sure your boy band will come back to America, and I bet Mom and Dad will buy tickets for you. We’ll make it happen if you just caaaaalm doooown.”
I drag out the last two words like Milo would on Twitter. I don’t think the little Saturnite knows what to do with herself. She’s in a big world where she can’t tell her biggest secret ever. Why couldn’t the flat screen just play footage of One Direction instead? They’re so much more famous than Spaceships Around Saturn.
The waitress interrupts Emery’s panic and places two large pizzas on the table ahead of us. I grab a slice of pepperoni for Emery. She wasn’t lying about being hungry. This is the first time since lockdown started that I’ve seen her care more about eating than talking about Benji. 
I’m three bites into a slice of cheese pizza when my cell phone rings. I dig into my purse and see Mom flashing on the screen. 
“Hello?” I say, hoping she’s not calling to tell me that lockdown is over and the guys left.
“Why, hello, Ms. Branson,” Milo says. 
“Hi…Mom,” I stammer. “Is there a reason you’re calling at such an inconvenient time? You know I’m with Paige and Lauren, right?”
“Oh Chloe,” Milo says. “Am I making this awkward for you?”
Awkward is an understatement. I pray that Emery doesn’t hear his voice through the speaker. Surely Milo knows to keep his voice down. I can’t believe Mom let him use her cell phone to call me. She has to be in the room with him. She wouldn’t risk giving the guys her cell phone without monitoring them. Then again, she trusts Milo. 
He clears his throat. “I’m sitting here with my dick-of-a-friend Julian Rossi, who wanted to know if you’d be so kind as to bring us food.”
 “Hold on, Mom,” I say into the phone. I get up from the table. 
Aralie looks at me with that sisterly look that clearly says that she knows I’m not talking to Mom. In fact, she flags down the waitress and asks for a to-go box as I step away from the table. I don’t say anything else until I’m in the parking lot. 
“Milo Grayson, do you have any clue what you just put me through?” I ask. 
He laughs, and I can’t even be mad. 
“I’m sorry,” he says. “Really though, we’re starving. Jules said Aralie would never do him a favor, and you wouldn’t do it for him because of what happened the last time you did him a favor. So I’m calling. Your mom said you wouldn’t do it unless you felt guilted into it, and she suggested I call since I defended your honor earlier.”
I sigh and dig through my purse for a pen. 
“Order when ready, Mr. Grayson.”
15 | Bleeding Butterflies
I linger around the kitchen in my pajama pants and a tank top. The sun has barely risen outside, and I don’t know how I’m even awake. Noah and Milo kept me up watching movies until far too into the night.
The microwave spins around, heating leftover pizza from the night before. Aralie, Emery, and I had to drive around the block a few times until Paige and Lauren left before we could pick up the enormous order that Milo and Jules requested. The microwave beeps once, and I open it before it can wake up the entire household.
“Good morning, beautiful,” Milo says from behind me.
I spin around, wishing I’d taken the time to wash off yesterday’s makeup and repaint my face. At least I ran a brush through my hair, which is more than he’s done. How is it that he’s still cute with messy hair and sleepy eyes?
He wraps his arms around me, pulls me to his chest, and kisses my forehead.
“Why are you even awake?” he asks.
“I could ask you the same thing,” I say.
He yawns in response, and I laugh. That’s pretty much how I feel. I grab my barely-warmed pizza, and Milo follows me to the dining room table. He sits next to me, eating the pepperonis that I pick off of the slice, but he doesn’t say anything else.
After a silent breakfast, we step out onto the patio to watch the sun creep into the clouds. Milo sits poolside and dangles his legs into the water, sending ripples across the steady morning pool.
“Let’s go swimming tonight,” he says. “You know, just the two of us. After midnight.”
I sit next to him and dip my feet into the water. It’s colder than I expected for a summer morning. A chill rushes over my skin, and goosebumps sprout on my legs.
“You’re getting brave,” I say, nudging him in the side. “You know we could get caught, right?”
He shrugs. “I’ve already been naked in your bedroom. It can’t get much worse than that.”
I lock my arm around his and rest my head against his shoulder. Hues of pink and orange streak across the sky. An overwhelming sadness hits me when I think about butterflies having to bleed and die to give our world color each day.
“You know what?” he asks. “We should totally–”
He stops talking, and I hear why. 
Voices. Well, a voice. 
Aralie laughs about something, and Milo splashes his foot in the water to alert her that someone else is outside.
She falls silent. There’s a “shhh” again, like the other night in her bedroom. Footsteps scurry across the grass in another direction.
Milo’s eyes light up. 
“We should go see who is with her,” he whispers.
“Then we’d have to explain what we’re doing out here alone,” I whisper back.
He squints his eyes to see, but the privacy fence blocks our view. I wonder if they can see us, if they’re looking through the cracks and wondering why I’m cuddled up next to Milo at sunrise.
A whoosh slices through the air, and Emery’s purple beach ball flies over the fence. It thuds against the water in the pool and floats toward us. I jump up and rush across the patio, leaving a track of wet footprints behind me.
But Milo likes playing into this game far too much. He grabs the pool net and pulls the plastic ball over to him. He shakes the water off of it and takes a few steps back. Then, like an NFL star about to win the Super Bowl, he kicks the ball with all his might. It soars over the fence like a purple planet falling out of space.
“Go!” he whispers as he dashes toward me.
As soon as we’re safe inside the kitchen, Milo grabs the curtain and jerks it across the sliding glass door. It sways for a moment, like it’s unsure of itself. We rarely ever block our view of the pool.
 “We need a window,” Milo says, still keeping his voice low.
Sometimes, I think guys are more into the drama and gossip than girls are. He stares at me, wide-eyed and waiting for a response.
“Upstairs,” I say. “But we have to be quiet.”
We hurry back up to Mom’s old crafting room with the piano. It has the best view of the backyard, from the pool all the way to the treehouse, although the treehouse is so small from here.
The yard is empty, though. No sign of Aralie. No sign of Tate or Jules. They either found a way back in while we were seeking them out or they’ve found a great hiding spot outside. For all I know, they may be in the treehouse. 
But I bet a Saturn boy isn’t singing a cover song to my sister.
Milo cranes his neck to see out of the window. He sighs in defeat.
 “I should just go look in their rooms and see who’s still here,” he says. 
 Even though I can’t see the expression on my face, I feel like I have one of those Mom faces on. I’m too young to start sounding like her, so I don’t say anything. I wish I could wipe my face back to an expressionless slate.
 “What?” Milo asks. “I just want to know.”
 He shrugs it off like it’s no big deal and walks across the room to the door. I follow behind him, down the staircase, and back to his bedroom. It’s weird being in here. The guest rooms are on a wing of their own off of my, Aralie’s, and Emery’s hallway. We never bother to come down here, and if we do have overnight company, it usually consists of Mom’s high school friends. Then we definitely avoid venturing down this way.
 Milo has made it his own. Papers sprawl across the desk with random song lyrics. There’s a few pages of sheet music and a pack of new guitar strings. His guitar rests against the wall, next to a pile of dirty clothes. If there was an Xbox in here, it’d feel like it was really his room.
 “I’m sorry,” he says, stretching out on the bed. “I’d just feel better if...”
 His voice trails off, and he flips over to bury his face into his pillow. Clearly he doesn’t want to have this conversation. I sit at the end of his bed, feeling as unwanted as Jules’s laundry at the end of Aralie’s bed. He wants to know who Aralie is sneaking out with so he can lecture them about the dangers of having a girlfriend while being in a boy band.
 “You’d feel better if what?” I ask. “If you knew? So you could stop whatever is going on with them? So you could stop Aralie from ‘wrecking’ the band?”
 His face remains buried. Therefore, he misses my air quotes around the word ‘wrecking.’ I don’t like how this is all of a sudden Aralie’s fault. Tate is just as guilty as she is, and Milo has no reason to judge them because he kissed me during hide-and-seek.
 He rolls over and forces himself to sit up.
 “No,” he says. “I wanted them to come clean first so management won’t blast me as much when I tell them about us.”
Us. He just said us. As in, both Milo and me…as one. Not only that but he used the big M word – management. My lips quiver as I breathe in and try to form words. Instead, I just exhale unsteadily like I’m hyperventilating or dry heaving.
He watches me for half a second then slides down to the end of the bed. He doesn’t say anything, but he takes my hand and squeezes it. Then he places it against his chest. 
“Here’s my theory,” he says. “If one of us has a girlfriend, that one guy will catch all of the hell. But if two of us have girlfriends, then we can team up and argue our sides of it.”
Girlfriend. Why these insanely awesome yet terrifying words, Milo? How can he even expect me to respond to that? I can’t even breathe, much less speak! 
“I’m sorry,” he spits out after seeing the evident panic on my face. He lets go of my hand. “You never said you wanted to be my girlfriend. I’m rushing things, aren’t I? This is crazy, right? You don’t even know my birthday or my middle name or all of those other things that you probably should know before I talk all crazy.”
His birthday is November twenty-first. His middle name is David. His favorite movie is Point Break, and he wishes he lived near a beach. He could survive on milk and Oreos and be happy. 
I don’t tell him that I know these things or then he’ll know that I spent too many hours Googling him and memorizing every detail of his existence. I feel like the term ‘fangirl’ is an understatement. Saturnite doesn’t even cover it. I’m definitely worthy of a Saturnite upgrade. Maybe I’m a super-Saturnite? I mean, the boy did kiss me. That counts for more, right? 
“Chloe,” Milo says, interrupting my fangirlisms. “Say something? Please? Tell me to shut up or that you hate me? Anything?”
“I don’t hate you,” I say, instantly wishing I’d said something else first. 
“That’s a start,” he says. 
I want to tell him that yes, he’s rushing things, and yes, this is crazy, but no, I don’t care one tiny bit. I’m absolutely crazy about him – even in this super short amount of time. It wouldn’t even be an issue if he was just some guy from school. Then it’d be completely normal to be obsessing after a week because I’m a girl, and that’s what we do! But he’s famous, and I’m nothing, and his management team isn’t going to be cool with the whole lockdown-hookup deal.
However, I can’t even begin to say these things. Instead, I just completely lose it and laugh. 
“At least you’re not crying,” Milo says. 
“There’s no reason to cry,” I assure him. 
But then it hits me. There is a reason. Lockdown won’t last forever. I think that may be worse than suicidal, color-draining butterflies. He has to get back on tour, obviously. He has to keep making music and living his dream and making millions of people – girls – happy on a daily basis. Lockdown is preventing him from doing what he does best. Yeah, it benefits me, but that’s like living in a black and white world. 
That’s why the butterflies have to die. The world needs color. The world needs Milo. 
I lean in and kiss him on the cheek. 
“I’m gonna go take a shower,” I say. “We’ll talk later?”
He nods, but I think he’d nod if I said I was going to go jump off the roof. He’s in that robotic guy-mode where he’ll go along with anything and everything I say so he won’t mess anything up more than he thinks he already has. 

I fall back onto my bed and let my wet hair soak my pillow. I would’ve stayed in the shower for hours if the water hadn’t started to get cold. There are too many people using the hot water supply in our house these days. 
Down the hallway, Aralie shouts something about Mutilated Arteries and slams her door. Moments later, Emery runs past my bedroom. Her footsteps are so distinct. She screams something about Twitter. She must be looking for Benji. I could lie in bed all day, avoid the world, and be perfectly content with it.
That’s a lie – I’d be miserable because I’d be avoiding Milo as well. I force myself to get up, throw myself together, and travel back downstairs. I can’t chicken out. Once lockdown is over, the guys will be back on the road, with millions of girls throwing themselves at them on a regular basis. This may be the only chance I ever have to really make this guy mine. 
Emery is running her mouth when I round the corner downstairs. I follow her words until I find her in the smaller living room off of the foyer, where we sat the night we first learned about lockdown.
“I’m wearing green, and you’re wearing green, so that means we’ll be together forever,” she explains to Benji. 
I glance down at my white tank top with the black trim. Thank God I’m not wearing green or Emery would accuse me of wrecking her relationship with Benji. Milo looks my way when I walk into the living room. He’s wearing a white T-shirt. A black triangle is in the center of his shirt. It’s a play button, like on a CD player. There’s a pause button next to it. 
Great. We’re both wearing white with a touch of black. We’re meant to be together forever.
“Ooooooh,” Emery coos when she sees me. “Chloe and Milo are wearing the same colors.”
Of course, Emery would notice something like this. A goofy grin pops up on Milo’s face. 
“Sorry, Chloe,” he says. “You’re stuck with me forever now. Emery’s rules.”
Benji pulls his shirt off and tosses it to Milo. “Wanna trade, bro?”
Milo throws the green shirt back to Benji. “No way…bro.”
Benji stares at the shirt in his hand for a moment, like he doesn’t want to put it back on because it’s cursed with eternal links to Emery. A heart with a keyhole decorates his chest. I wonder if he has the key tattooed somewhere else.
Emery ignores – or maybe doesn’t understand – Benji’s insult. 
“Yesterday, Chloe’s friend Lauren said you wouldn’t be my best friend if you met me,” she informs Benji. 
One, Lauren isn’t my friend. And two, kudos to Emery for actually keeping our secret through Lauren’s rude comments. I dare to venture across the room and sit on the couch with Milo. It’s a bit nostalgic, sitting on the same couch we sat on the night we first met…when I was captivated by his caramel eyes and amazing boyish scent.
“But,” Emery says. “You know what I told her? I said that if I met you, I’d make you a friendship bracelet, and you would like it, and you would wear it every day.” 
Benji holds up his wrist. That blue and green hand-braided bracelet looks back at me. The blue string has unraveled just a little more, but I don’t make mention of it or Emery will want to fix it or make a new one altogether.
 Milo watches me with this sneaky yet adorable smile. I wish I knew what he’s thinking. Just when I think he’s about to say something, Emery cuts him off. 
“One day,” she says, facing Benji as he surrenders to putting his shirt back on. “Will you get on the Twitter and tell everyone that I really am your best friend? And can you post pictures of us? And a picture of your bracelet? And tell everyone my name? On the real Twitter – not the fridge.”
Mom clears her throat from the doorway. 
“Emery, honey, I’m sure Benji will tell everyone about the new friend he made during lockdown,” she says. “Now, go put your shoes on. You’re going to my crafting class with me today.”
A splash of ‘hallelujah!’ drenches Benji’s face. This lockdown may be a break from the madness of touring and crazed fans, but the poor boy hasn’t caught a break from Emery since he’s been here. I bet she babbles on even in his sleep. 
Emery’s shoulders slump, and she drags herself toward the staircase, glancing back with sad eyes every few seconds hoping Mom will let her stay here with us. Mom gives her no reprieve, though, and Emery eventually trudges up the stairs, stomping each one like she’s crushing ladybugs for Jules’s next pack of cigarettes. 
Mom looks back at us. 
“Enjoy the silence,” she says, looking at Benji.
Benji laughs and mumbles something about catching up on sleep. He darts upstairs before Emery makes her way back down, probably hoping to escape before crossing paths with the little Saturnite again. 
Mom grabs her keys and asks Milo and me to “hold things together here.” She leaves us alone in the living room. 
Milo reaches over and grabs my hand. 
“Looks like we’re alone again,” he says. “You ready to talk about this morning?”
16 | Tabloid-Worthy Story
This may be the scariest conversation I’ll ever have in my life. Okay, maybe not ever, but thus far, yeah. Still, this conversation has to happen, and it’s not going to get any less intimidating between now and the end of lockdown.
“Not here,” I say. “Let’s go somewhere else, and we’ll talk.”
Mom and Emery may be leaving, and I have no clue where Godfrey is, but there are still too many ears in this house for a conversation like this. Milo gestures around him then shrugs. He’s right – there is no safe place to talk. 
I stand up and wave him to follow me. The treehouse is too far away from the house to hide out in right now. Anyone could see us making that long walk back across the yard. The less public we are, the better chance we have of getting through this conversation without an interruption. I don’t know what his Saturn brothers are doing, aside from Benji’s napping, but hopefully they’ll stay occupied for now.
At the top of the staircase, I see a shadow lingering in Aralie’s doorway. Tate leans out, and panic consumes his face. 
“So, uh yeah, can I borrow that movie?” he asks into Aralie’s bedroom, much more loudly than necessary. 
I glance back at Milo, who stoops down on the steps and motions for me to go on. I mouth the words ‘my room’ to him and continue toward my doorway without him. Tate grasps whatever DVD Aralie hands him and hurries back toward the Saturn wing off of my hallway. I leave the door open and wait. Moments after Tate’s bedroom door shuts and echoes, Milo runs into my room.
“You were right,” Milo says as soon as he closes my bedroom door. He twists the lock and glances over at me. “It’s definitely Tate.”
“He knew he was caught,” I say.
Milo leans back against the door. 
“I can’t believe he hasn’t told me,” he says. “We’re Tito. He’s supposed to keep me in on these kinds of things.”
“Right,” I say. “Because you totally keep him in the loop.”
Milo attempts a sarcastic kind of face, but he totally fails because he can’t stop smiling. He strolls across my room and sits next to me on the bed.
“Well…” he says after a minute or two of silence. “This can either go one of two ways. One, I can apologize for getting ahead of myself and never bring it up again. Or two, we can figure out how to make this work.”
I take a deep breath to prepare myself for what I’m about to say. “Then we’ll make it work.”
“You’re sure about that?” Milo asks. “You don’t need time to think about it or weigh your options or think out all the pros and cons?”
I shake my head. “No, I’m definitely sure.”
“Good,” he says.
He pushes me back on the bed, his bodyweight trapping me between him and my purple bed sheets. His lips sketch a map along my jaw line until they find my mouth. Everything about the way he kisses me is perfect. 
He pulls back and smiles. 
“You know what?” he whispers. “Lockdown was the best thing that’s happened to me since Spaceships Around Saturn.”
I can’t help but laugh. 
“Someone tried to kill you guys,” I remind him.
“I know,” he says, settling in next to me on the bed. “But we’re alive, and I met you, and things turned out okay, right?”
For now, anyway. I still don’t know how he thinks we’re going to make this work after lockdown. I’ll never see him. He’ll be constantly busy in the studio and on the road and catering to the millions of girls who adore him. By the end of the summer, I’ll be lucky if he even remembers my name. 
I run my fingers through his hair then push him back so I can sit up. 
“What are you going to tell your management team?” I ask.
As much as I wish I could just melt into this moment and enjoy every second that he’s here with me, I can’t stop thinking about how different it’ll be once he’s gone. 
He sits next to me in silence, like he’s trying to come up with something to tell his manager because he hasn’t actually thought of it yet. 
“I’ll be honest,” he says. “You’re the first real girl I’ve been able to spend time with in a while, and you like me for me, not because I’m famous and incredibly sexy.”
He smirks and waits for my reaction. When I don’t say anything, he wraps his arm around me and pulls me closer to him. 
“I’m not gonna stop seeing you just because lockdown ends,” he says. “And the fans will get over it. I can’t be single forever just because they like to daydream about being in your shoes. They’ll still have Benji, unless Emery kills them all.”
I can’t help but laugh. Thinking of Emery post-lockdown is a scary thing. She staked claim on Benji Bikini long ago, but now her claim has risen to a whole new level. He really is wearing her friendship bracelet. He played hide-and-seek with her, helped her spin the arrow during Twister, and taught her to like pepperonis. She truly is the envy of every Benji Baccarini fan in the universe, and she’ll make sure they all know about her. 
Milo’s arm tightens around me. 
“We’ll figure this out,” he reassures me.
“What about the other guys?” I ask. 
“Tate’s dating your sister, so he’ll have the same issues to deal with,” he says. “I’m sure he can pass those phone numbers on to the other guys.”
“And how do we tell them? And my family?” I’m getting so far ahead of myself.
Milo smiles. “Your mom already likes me. It’ll be easy. We can tell her when she gets back if you want.”
As much as I love the idea of going public with Milo, I don’t think I’m ready. The limelight is going to be hard. The Twitter threats will pour in. There’ll be camera flashes everywhere I go. I’ll really be entering the craziness.
“Not yet,” I say. “If Mom knows, she’ll want to keep an eye on us. Let’s wait until the end of lockdown. Then Aralie and Tate can come clean too, and the four of us will fight it head on.”
He nods. “Whatever you want, Ms. Branson.”

Mom texts me a few minutes before her crafting class ends to see if anyone needs anything while she’s out. I forced Milo to sit through the first Rainwater movie on DVD while Mom and Emery were gone. Oddly, no one has come looking for us. I figure Benji’s still asleep, Aralie’s with Tate, and Noah and Jules are entertaining each other. Who knows. I don’t even care. 
“Let’s go make the rounds and see if anyone needs anything,” I say, forcing myself off of my bed. 
I poke my head out first, to make sure no one is spying. Then I push the door open for Milo to join me. He sees it as soon as I do. 
“Why is there a cut out of Tate’s head on your door?” he asks. “I’ve seen it there a few times, but I didn’t feel right asking until now.”
“No clue,” I admit. “It keeps reappearing. Emery said that Aralie put it there.”
I peel Tate’s smiling face off of my door and return it to Aralie’s door. I wonder if this will end when lockdown is over or if I’ll forever have Tate Kingsley’s face smiling at me when I leave my bedroom.
Aralie, Jules, and Tate are downstairs playing another round of bowling on Dad’s Wii. According to Tate, Noah and Benji are both still asleep. I try to watch my sister’s body language toward Tate – and Jules, just in case – to see if I can read into a relationship, but she gives me nothing more than her arms slinging around and excited jumping each time she bowls a strike. 
They basically ignore me when I ask if they need anything, so I drag Milo to the kitchen with me to make sure we’re fully stocked on everything. I hand him my phone and have him text my mom a grocery list as I dig through the cabinets and take inventory.
We’re nearly out of Oreos. Noah needs more strawberry milk, even though he’s not down here to tell me that.
“And lemons,” I say. “Tell her to get three times more than necessary.”
Benji likes lemon water. He never told us, but he always puts lemon in his water, and we’re down to the last two. I don’t think any of the Saturnite fan sites have even mentioned it. I guess maybe it’s not important enough to tell magazines, but living with him on a daily basis, I’ve caught on. I think Mom has too. She doesn’t buy lemons often, but she has lately. I wonder if she’ll miss the SAS guys when this is over.
“Anything else?” he asks, looking at my cell phone like it’s a foreign object.
“That’s got us,” I say. 
He hands my phone back to me. 
“It’s weird texting,” he says. “I’m finally coping with not having a phone on me, and then you suck me back in. I miss the real world.”
Oh, this boy breaks my heart. I don’t want to give him to the real world, but I hate seeing how much this hurts him.
“Hey,” I say, reaching out for his hand. “Let’s go back upstairs, and we can watch the gossip channel on YouTube that Emery and I watch. It’s all about you guys.”

It’s after midnight, but Milo is doubled-over on my bed because he can’t stop laughing at Jules and the eyebrow infection. We’re both late for our swim date, but I think Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama was what he needed to feel reconnected to reality and his fans. 
Against protective-girl code, I even let him look at the zillion of tweets that his fans sent to him. He wasn’t logged into his account, and he had no online presence, so we didn’t break any lockdown rules. Most tweets were the same – girls wishing SAS would get back on tour, girls hoping they’re safe, girl begging Milo to make an online appearance so they know he’s alive, and of course, those few “I love you, please marry me” tweets. I’ll block those girls later. 
He leans over and kisses my cheek. 
“You’re the best,” he whispers. “I needed that.”
“So, are we swimming or internet stalking you all night, Mr. Grayson?” I ask. 
“Let me go change,” he says. “I’ll meet you down there?”
I nod and lock my door behind him. The butterflies in my stomach flare up, dancing around in silly circles like Noah does onstage in the guys’ live DVD. It’s like they know when I’m about to have alone time with Milo, and they wake up and flutter around just for the occasion. I almost don’t mind them. As long as they’re with me, they don’t have to bleed for the sunrise. 
I tug at my bikini, over-thinking every inch of my body and how I look and what he’ll think. As many times as I’ve been in the pool with the guys, I’ve never felt so insecure. But after having the ‘let’s be together after lockdown’ talk with Milo, I’m critical of everything I say and do and especially how I look. I wrap my towel around me and head downstairs. 
The sliding glass door swishes when I pull it back. Milo looks over his shoulder at me. 
“Took you long enough,” he says. “I thought you’d changed your mind.”
Five minutes isn’t long at all in girl time. He should know this. He deals with thousands of females daily, outside of lockdown anyway. I walk over to the concrete steps, toss my towel onto a lounge chair, and step into the water. 
“That’s cold,” I say, pulling my leg back out of the pool.
“C’mon, Chloe,” he groans. “Get in here, and I’ll keep you warm.”
Screw it. Chill bumps spread over my skin as I step deeper into the water. I take a deep breath and force myself to swim over him, allowing the cool water to engulf me. 
I wrap my arms around his neck, and he pulls me into a kiss. A very warm kiss. His hands rub along my back. I think he makes me shiver more than the cold water does. 
He keeps me close to him while we talk about Tate and Aralie, how we’ll deal with pissed off fans, and upgrading my phone for international calls and texts because we’ll need it once lockdown ends. Months ago, while living through the aftermath of the break up from hell, I never thought I’d trust a guy again this soon. Then again, I never imagined Milo coming into my life either.
He leans in to kiss me, but the kitchen light comes on through the window, and I pull away.
“Someone’s awake,” I say. “Someone’s up. Oh God. What if they come out here?”
Milo slips down in the pool, barely keeping his head above water. I stretch my neck to see through the window, but I see nothing more than a shadowy figure moving around next to the fridge. If it’s Mom and she finds me alone in the pool after midnight with Milo, I’ll have to confess. She’ll know. Moms always know. 
We wait in deafening silence. It’s like my ears are ringing with extreme anxiety and anticipation. The shadow moves across the kitchen toward the glass door, and I panic. 
“Ohmygod, ohmygod, ohmygod. They’re coming!” I whisper through my teeth.
“I can hold my breath for about two minutes, so hurry,” Milo says. 
He inhales a deep breath and drops underwater. He wraps his arm around my shin and squeezes his hand into my skin. I try to relax as much as I can. I prop my elbows up on the concrete and loosen my shoulders, so maybe I can pass for ‘just lounging in the dark.’ If it’s Mom, I’ll tell her I just needed to clear my head and have some alone time. Hopefully she won’t notice the pretty boy underwater who is tangled up with my leg.
But it’s not Mom’s head that pokes outside. 
“Noah!” I say, half-relieved yet half-angered at him for scaring me. 
I reach down and nudge Milo’s shoulder. He doesn’t instantly come up, so I feel around for his arm and pull him. He gasps for air and blinks the water out of his eyes. 
Noah stands poolside with his hands on his hips. 
“Well, Milo David Grayson,” he says. “From the looks of things, it seems you were hiding from me.”
“Well, Noah Pierre Winters,” Milo says as water drips down his face. “I was hiding from you, even though I didn’t know that you were you.”
Now, I actually do relax my shoulders since I know it’s not my mom sneaking around and finding out my secrets. If it had to be anyone, Noah would’ve been my first choice.
“We thought you were my mom,” I say. “Or Godfrey. You know, someone who didn’t need to find us together…in the pool…after midnight.”
For this to be so non-scandalous, it feels like a tabloid-worthy story. Truthfully, a lot of things with Milo have felt tabloid-worthy, and he’s the least tabloid-worthy of all the guys in Spaceships Around Saturn. That’ll probably change once we go public.
Noah sits on the concrete and pulls his knees back into himself, like how Tate curls up in the corners of the sectional. 
“Is this what you guys do for fun?” he asks. “Sneak out while everyone else sleeps?”
Milo shrugs. “Apparently everyone else isn’t sleeping tonight,” he says.
There’s a hint of sarcasm, or maybe annoyance, in his voice. Noah flashes him a smartass kind of smirk and pushes himself back up into a standing position. 
“You guys are boring,” he tells us. “I don’t know why I expected any kind of action. I mean, it is Milo, after all.”
I debate telling him that the action happens behind closed doors with Aralie, but I decide against it to protect my sister’s reputation. I don’t know what happens behind her closed door anymore than she knows what happens behind mine. When she’s ready to announce that she’s dating Tate, she can. I’ll just wait impatiently until then.
Noah yawns. “I’m going to bed. I’ll see you lovers in the morning.”
As he walks back toward the door, there’s a loud double chirp in the night. Noah spins around and looks at me. He heard it too. He walks slowly and quietly back toward the pool. I grab Milo’s arm to keep him still next to me. The water sloshes around us. 
“What was that?” Noah whispers. 
“What was what?” Milo asks – out loud.
Noah and I both shush him, and the double chirp echoes again. I feel the panic spread on my face. My eyes widen, and I’m fully aware that I have that doe-eyed Emery face going on, but I can’t stop it. 
I know the double chirp. 
It’s Dad’s car. 
“That’s my dad,” I whisper. “He wasn’t supposed to come back until tomorrow.”
Noah backs up toward the door, but he doesn’t have a plan of action. Sure, he can go inside, but there’s a very likely possibility that he’ll run into my dad. 
“Wait!” I whisper. “Noah, please. Come here. I need you to do something for me.”
He’s going to hate me for this. Maybe he’ll forgive me. I don’t have a choice. I can’t get caught alone with Milo. There’s only one thing I can do.
Noah leans closer to the pool. 
“Your dad’s gonna kill you guys. I’m not getting busted with you,” he says. 
“You don’t have to,” I say. I motion him closer with my hand. 
He leans over the water, ready to hear this big secret plan of action. But I don’t say a word. I grab the collar of his shirt and pull him into the pool.
17 | Fishing Trip
 “Noah,” I say to his door, knocking for the third time. “Will you just open the door already? I have your clothes out here.”
The shadow of his footsteps linger on the other side, but he still doesn’t unlock or open the door. I knew he’d be mad when I pulled him into the pool last night, but I didn’t see any other way to keep Milo and me a secret. 
Dad is so clueless to girl stuff. He really believed that the three of us couldn’t sleep and decided to go swimming without Emery hanging all over us. In fact, he laughed and said he didn’t blame us. Then he told us not to stay up too terribly late because he had ‘big things’ happening in the morning. And finally, he questioned Noah’s swimming apparel. 
“I was just really excited and jumped in,” Noah had said, forcing a smile while his shirt clung to his skin. 
And that’s why Milo and I got up extra, extra early to do Noah’s laundry. I bang on the door one more time, but Noah tells me to go away because he wants to stay dry. I give up.
I haul the blue laundry basket down to the next door, which is open. Milo looks up at me from the small duffel bag he’s packing. 
“Noah’s being a diva,” I tell him. “Pack his clothes with yours.”
“Great,” Milo says. “I’ll get to listen to him bitch and moan for the next two days.”
That means I won’t get to listen to Noah’s whining for the next two days. I get where my dad is coming from, wanting to give the guys a break from our house, but this two-day “guys only” fishing trip is going to be misery for the Branson sisters. Well, at least for Emery and me.
I drag Noah’s laundry over to the bed and hand item by item to Milo. He grabs another bag and packs Noah’s clothes. 
“Maybe it’ll go by really fast,” he says, reading the sad expression that I know is splashed on my face. “I’ll be back before you know it.”
“Or lockdown could end and they’ll just send you back on tour,” I counter.
That’d be my luck. Dad and Godfrey would take the SAS guys to our cabin for a two-day ordeal of video games, fishing, and grilling, and the United States government would catch whoever shot at the guys. Instead of coming back here, agents would just send them on to the next city on the tour and ship their belongings to them from our house.
“If they send me somewhere else, I’ll be on the first flight back to you, okay?” Milo says.
He leans over and gives me a quick forehead kiss before he continues packing.
This is what it’ll be like when lockdown really is over. Except I imagine there will be a lot more people in our house. All of SAS’s staff will be here. Management teams will be shuttling the guys into black cars with tinted windows. Security will line the property. I wonder if Milo will even have a chance to slip me a forehead kiss then.
“Chloe?” Milo stares at me, trying to bring me back to Earth. 
“Sorry,” I say, handing him another shirt of Noah’s. “I was just thinking.”
“You okay?” he asks.
He takes Noah’s shirt but doesn’t bother to pack it. He just hugs it close to his chest and watches me while he waits for an answer. 
No, I’m not okay because you’re leaving me for two days. I’m not okay because lockdown will eventually end. I’m not okay because I’m terrified about our future and what’s going to happen once you’re back on tour and away from me. I’m one girl out of the literal millions who want you. How could I ever be okay? 
“I’m fine,” I lie. “I just hate losing two days of lockdown with you.”
“You’re not a good liar, you know that?” he asks, cramming Noah’s shirt into the bag.
A knock on the door makes me turn around. Benji stands in the doorframe, a hand against either side of the door. The word SLUT stretches in black letters across the faded red T-shirt. It shouldn’t make me smile so much.
“Hey man, five minutes, and we’re outta here,” Benji says to Milo, completely ignoring the fact that I’m standing here. “And if we have to share beds, I call dibs on you.”
Milo laughs. “Sounds good,” he says. “See you downstairs.”
Benji gives me a half-wave before disappearing. It’s the happiest I’ve seen him since he got here. These two days will be pure bliss for him – no Emery, no Aralie vs. Jules arguments, no drama whatsoever. It’ll just be him and his boys chilling like they’re on a vacation from their crazy lives. 
“Why is Benji claiming you? I thought Jules was his guy,” I say. 
I sit down on the bed and hope these five minutes stretch on forever and ever. Milo zips up the first duffel bag and sticks Noah’s last shirt into the other one. 
“Benji and I share a place back in Montréal,” he says. “We had an apartment before that, and he used to have to crash with me if he had family visiting. I’m a heavy sleeper, and I never move. Noah kicks all night, and Tate will leave bruises on you.”
Oh the money I could make if I had pictures of these guys in bed together. The bromance shippers would go insane over it. But I really don’t think I could do it. I like Jenji together too much to destroy them.
“Don’t worry,” Milo says. “Just because Benji might be in my bed doesn’t mean that I don’t want you.”
He zips up Noah’s bag and slings it over his shoulder. I wait on his bed while he delivers Noah’s belongings back to the diva himself. This room is immaculate, like Milo cleaned up all forensic evidence that he’d been here just in case he doesn’t come back. He even made the bed. I wonder if the sheets smell like him. I might have to sleep in here tonight.
“Alright, Ms. Branson,” he says from his doorway. “Looks like I’m headed out. You care to see me off?”
He walks across the room, picks up his duffel bag, and reaches out for me with his other hand. I let him pull me up from the bed. He drops the bag and wraps me up in a hug that’s warmer than freshly baked cookies. 
“Two days,” he says. “And then I’m yours again. Technically, I’ll still be yours even when I’m sleeping with Benji.”
He smiles then gives me the quickest of all quick kisses, just to be on the safe side. He grabs his bag, and I follow him to the door. I reach for the light switch, and that’s when I notice the one thing he left behind.
“You’re not taking your guitar?” I ask. 
He shakes his head. “Nah, doubt I’ll have a chance to even play it.”
We trudge slowly down the staircase to deliver him to his captors, and I feel like I did walking into the pizza parlor to meet up with Lauren and Paige. I never thought I’d compare Dad and Godfrey to Lauren and Paige. Eww. 
Everyone else is downstairs surrounded by bags and fishing poles. Dad holds a cell phone to his ear and says something about an ETA. Their transportation must be close by. Godfrey strolls through the room in a polo shirt, old man golfer shorts like Noah wore in their new video, and a fishing cap. He has a plastic bag in his hand. 
“Mr. Kingsley,” he says. “Your request.”
Tate’s face lights up like a creepy jack-o-lantern. 
“G-man, you are the best!” Tate shouts. 
He digs around in the bag and pulls out a package of gummy worms. He doesn’t say a word as he tears through the plastic and pulls a red and orange worm out. He tilts his head back and feeds it to himself like a mother bird would feed a baby bird. 
“Dude, really?” Jules says, walking over to Tate. “You know you can’t catch fish with gummy worms, right?”
Tate laughs as he gnaws on the candy.
“I know,” he says. “But I was looking at the bait earlier, and they were all sparkly and gummy, and all I could think of was how good they’d taste if they were candy.”
Seriously? Tate wants to eat fishing bait, and he still has eight million Twitter followers who probably want to date him. I’ll never understand what Aralie sees in him.
Dad walks back toward us, finally off of the phone, with a tackle box in hand. He’s dressed like a civilian. He’ll probably be back in his government voice before they even get to the cabin. That’s an hour’s drive.
“Alright,” Dad says. “I have one more surprise for you guys before we go.”
Jules looks up. “We don’t have to come back here?”
“Sorry Mr. Rossi, but no, that’s not it,” Dad says. “I had to pull a lot of strings just to get permission to let you guys leave the house, and it took a lot of clearance to get this approved, but someone else will be accompanying us to the cabin.”
Dad ventures toward the front door and peeks outside. He doesn’t say anything until the sound of engines purr in our driveway. Two black SUVs and one little black car sit in front of the house – super-tinted windows, just as I imagined. 
We all file onto the front porch, and the guys haul their bags along. Two agents emerge from the car and move toward the back of the SUVs. They each open the doors and motion for the guys to bring their bags. The back door of one of the SUVs opens, and Benji drops everything. 
“Tank!” he screams, diving into the muscle man. “Wait, are you hooked up?”
Benji motions to his own chest, referring back to the day that Tank brought Milo’s guitar and was wearing a wire. 
“Nah, bro,” Tank says. “They let me off the ball and chain for the next two days.”
He helps Benji load stuff into the back of the SUV, and then the bromance of Jenji hurry into the SUV with their favorite bodyguard. Emery pouts because she didn’t get a goodbye hug, and Aralie steals a few of Tate’s gummy worms.
“Shoot,” Milo says. He turns to my dad. “I’m really sorry. I forgot my guitar. I can’t go two days without it. I’ll be right back.”
He turns and makes a mad dash back up the front steps. Five minutes ago, he said he wouldn’t have a chance to play it. Now he can’t live without it?
Noah smirks from behind a small carton of strawberry milk before he disappears into the second SUV with Tate and Godfrey. I’d love to be a fly on the wall at the cabin. Tate’s friendship with “G-man” would be enough to humor me for two days. 
Dad lingers around for a moment, waiting for Milo, but the All-American Non-American boy hasn’t returned. 
“Can someone go see where he is?” Dad asks, motioning back to the house. 
Noah’s head pops out of the SUV. “Yeah Chloe, go tell Milo to hurry up.”
I am so dumb. I nod to my dad and run up the front porch’s steps, inside the house, and up the staircase to our hallway. Milo knew he’d be coming back for his guitar. Why didn’t I get the hint?
“Milo,” I say, rushing into his room. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you were–”
He grabs me and pulls me into a kiss before I can get the rest of my words out. It’s a panicked kiss, rushed and ravenous and crazed. His fingers twist into my hair, and he pulls away just long enough to inhale and dive back in.
I manage to push him back. “My dad’s waiting on you.”
“I know,” he says. “I just needed a really awesome goodbye-for-now kiss.”
“That’s why you left the guitar,” I reason aloud.
He laughs. “Yeah, I figured you’d catch the hint and follow me back upstairs.”
My brain was clouded with worry that I’d never see him again. Catching hints was the furthest thing from my mind. Milo grabs his guitar and leads the way back downstairs. He hugs me quickly in the foyer and steals a kiss before we go outside. Then it’s as if “we” don’t exist.
“Sorry about that, Mr. Branson,” he says, rushing past my dad and into the SUV with Tate and Noah. He never even looks back.
Dad gives Mom last minute instructions and phone numbers while I wait on the steps with Aralie and Emery. Aralie chews on a gummy worm, and Emery’s face quivers as she fights tears. If it hurts this much to let the guys go for two days, there’s no way we’ll keep our sanity once they’re back on tour or in other countries. I don’t even want to let them cross the border back into Canada. Emery is going to be a disaster when lockdown is over. I feel her pain already.

Two hours later, across the dining room table, Emery furiously colors a picture of an elephant in her coloring book. The room would be silent if not for the scratching of her crayons. She glares at the paper, like she’s trying to burn holes into the elephant. 
Mom sits at the end of the table, sipping from a cup of tea and pretending to read a crafting magazine. Her eyes focus on nothing too often for her to actually be reading. 
Aralie stomps down the stairs too loudly – or maybe it’s just the silence – and bounds into the dining room. 
“Is our house always this damn quiet?” she asks, hands on her hips.
“Aralie, language,” Mom reminds her. “We’re just used to having company.”
“Mom,” Aralie says in that ‘who are you kidding’ tone. “The house was never this quiet before lockdown. Emery isn’t even talking. It’s like someone died. Do you know how much our lives are going to suck after lockdown ends?”
Emery stabs the elephant with her gray crayon, over and over, like she’s murdering the paper. It rips, and the crayon marks on the table. 
“My life sucks right now!” Emery screams, throwing her crayon against the wall. 
“Whoa, Emery. Calm down, sweetheart,” Mom says, abandoning her tea and magazine to gather the broken pieces of the gray crayon. “They’ll be back Thursday.”
Aralie scoffs. “Yeah but for how long? Lockdown won’t last forever.”
Mom places the waxy pieces onto the table and uses her fingernail to scrape off the gray mark on the table. She looks exhausted, just from picking up a broken crayon. She looks up at the three of us, and she sighs one of those heavy, defeated breaths before sitting back down at the end of the table.
“I never thought we’d be here,” Mom says. “I knew Emery would throw a fit after lockdown ended, but I never expected you, of all people, to even care about Spaceships Around Saturn.”
Aralie crosses her arms and doesn’t say a word. What has gotten into her? No defensive arguments…no explanations. She just stands there.
Emery gasps. “Aralie is a Saturnite? Like me and Chloe?”
“Chloe?” Mom and Aralie say my name simultaneously.
All eyes descend on me, and I want to crawl under the table. I could deny it, but what good would that do? That’d just make me look like a Saturnite-in-denial. So I counterattack with the only weapon in my arsenal.
“Thanks a lot, Harry Styles,” I say to my traitor of a baby sister.
“Chloe!” she yells. “You weren’t supposed to tell them that I like Harry Styles!”
Aralie laughs. “She didn’t. You just did.”
“Chloe…tricked…me.” Emery says the words through clenched teeth.
Mom buries her face into her hands, much like how Benji does when Emery bugs the hell out of him at breakfast. 
Emery’s entire face shakes, and although I know she’s doing it on purpose to portray her anger, she still looks freakishly scary. She jumps down from her chair and stomps across the room toward me.
“Well, you know what?” she asks me with an attitude that reminds me of Aralie. She looks around the room. “Chloe said Milo was the best singer in Spaceships Around Saturn, and she wears the same colors as him, so…”
Then she looks back at me. “You’re gonna be stuck with him foreverrrr, and you’ll have to marry him, and that sucks for you because he’s boring!”
She bolts around me and up the stairs before I can say a word. I just stand here, somewhat in shock and somewhat in amusement. Being stuck with Milo forever? Sorry, Emery, but that absolutely does not suck for me. 
I bet she’s up in her bedroom daydreaming about our future weddings – mine to Milo and hers to Benji – and laughing at my misfortune. 
“See?” Mom asks. “It won’t take her long to get back to typical Emery once lockdown is over. The guys have only been gone for a few hours, and she seems like herself again.”
Aralie groans. “Don’t remind me,” she says. “Chloe, why’d you have to provoke her?”
I shrug. It’s not like I meant to. 
“Because,” I say, thinking of a good comeback. “We don’t give Benji Bikini enough respect for giving us an Emery-vacation.”
18 | Secrets and Lies
Mom hauls one last garbage bag outside. I open the lid, and she slams the bag into the trash can. That was the last of the pizza boxes. We’ve spent our entire morning hiding any trace of Spaceships Around Saturn in our house. Emery was far from pleased when Mom asked her to take down the A7 poster of Benji from her wall. There were too many “Dear Emery” messages handwritten on it. Emery is already counting down the hours until Thursday morning when the guys return so Benji can look down on her from her bedside once again. 
I stand over the kitchen sink and scrub my hands with Mango Mandarin soap. Call me spoiled, but I really don’t remember the last time I helped take the garbage out.
“Days like this make me appreciate Godfrey,” I say to Mom. 
She laughs. “Godfrey’s had a nice vacation with the guys here. Milo always helps out with stuff, so Godfrey has caught some slack.”
I think I’ve reached a new record. I hadn’t thought about Milo from the time I walked out to the trash can until now. That’s was what, two minutes? Maybe I can go for three minutes next time. 
“He’s a really nice boy, don’t you think?” Mom asks. 
Apparently she doesn’t want me to achieve three minutes. Oh screw it. I’m a lost cause for the next hour now that she’s got him on my mind. 
I turn off the water and dry my hands, half-nodding to Mom because I don’t want to have this conversation. 
“He asks a lot about you,” Mom says. “If you wanted to continue to have a…friendship with him once this lockdown is over, I wouldn’t mind, just for the record.”
Ugh. That pause before ‘friendship.’ She knows. She so totally knows.
“He’ll follow me on Twitter,” I say. “And that’ll be the most of it. They’re famous, Mom. We’ll just be a memory.”
She crosses her arms and leans back against the countertop. I busy myself with reading Benji’s updated note card Twitter feed on our fridge. Apparently he has taken a new liking to sweet tea, can’t wait to get more ink once lockdown is over, and swears on his life that he’ll update the real Twitter about his new BFF Emery as soon as he gets his phone back.
I pick up a pink card and debate what to ‘tweet’ back to Benji. I give this card every ounce of my attention, even though I see Mom still watching me in my peripheral vision.
“From what I gather,” she says. “You’re not ‘just a memory’ material. He said you were special.” 
Mom has that voice, the sing-songy voice that Emery used when she pointed out that Milo and I were both wearing white with a touch of black. Thank God it’s not the sad-baby-bird voice.
My heart thumps like it did the night they arrived, while I panicked on the couch and wondered how fast Emery’s heart was racing. Play it cool, Chloe. Just play it cool.
“He said what?” I ask, doing my best to fake amusement or maybe even confusion.
“Welllll,” Mom drags out. “Noah said something about Aralie’s name, and I said that I’d wanted to name you something unique and special, but Scott wouldn’t let me. We made a deal that he could choose your name – Chloe – and I could name our next girl.”
Okay, Mom, get to the point. I know. Dad named me because he thought you were going through a hippie phase and making up names. You got pregnant shortly after I was born, threw the compromise in Dad’s face, and the name Aralie was born. 
“And?” I prompt her.
“And Milo said that you were special, even without a creative name,” she says. “Then he added that he likes your name very much.”
I glance over the note cards on the fridge. There’s one to Benji from Milo. It’s some creeper line about watching him through the window. Sometimes I wonder just how well I know Milo Grayson after all. I uncap the pen on the counter. 
“And?” I ask Mom again. 
“That was it,” she said. “Noah cracked up at him, while drinking milk, and he spit it all over the floor. He ran out of the room laughing, and Milo apologized and offered to mop for me.”
“So wholesome,” I say, attempting sarcasm. 
I write the words “creeper alert” on my pink note card, draw an arrow pointing upward, and stick it on the fridge under Milo’s window remark.
The doorbell rings. Mom ends all talk of Spaceships Around Saturn and clears her throat. 
“There’s Paige,” she says. She sounds as enthused as I feel. 
“What about Benji’s Twitter feed on the fridge?” I ask. 
“I’ll mop,” Mom says. “Just keep her entertained and out of the kitchen.”
Mom waves me off to the front door. I know she’s supposed to be my best friend, but lately, I’d trade Paige for the tatted brunette who spits milk on our kitchen floor any day.

“She texted me after that and said that she saw him at the movies with Sydney, so I said to hell with him,” Paige rambles on. “I can do better, right?”
I nod along, just like I have for the last thirty-five minutes while she informed me of every detail of her dating hardships since summer began. What a waste of thirty-five minutes. I could’ve been watching Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama or silly YouTube clips of the guys. I could’ve been brushing up on my SAS trivia or even stalking Benji’s real Twitter feed for new gossip. I could’ve been helping Emery make a friendship bracelet for Jules. Since when did my life orbit around a Canadian boy band?
“Chloe?” Paige asks. “Are you even here? You seem like you’re light years away.”
Oh, you have no idea, Paige. 
“Yeah, I’m here,” I say. “I was just listening. I didn’t want to interrupt.”
 “It’s cool,” she says. “So, what’s been up with you?”
She makes herself comfortable by stretching out on my bed. She props up on an elbow, and I debate what I can say that might sound halfway believable. I can’t tell her what I’ve really been up to. 
And that’s when her eyes widen and she sits up, looking around herself in a panic, like she’s lost her cell phone. She grabs Milo’s dark gray T-shirt that I may or may not have slept in last night. It still smells like him. 
“Chloe, seriously? Whose is this? He smells delicious,” she says in one breath. “I can’t believe you have a guy in your life and didn’t tell me. That’s why you’re always busy and why it takes you three days to answer my texts. Spill it!”
I force myself to laugh before I spill a ton of lies onto my bed. 
“It’s not what you think,” I tell her, even though it’s so what she thinks.
However, due to lockdown regulations, I’m not at liberty to tell her that, yes, there is a guy in my life. He’s famous and beautiful and talented. He has caramel eyes, a great sense of maturity about him, and recreates my favorite song acoustically. He’s sort of perfect, Paige. 
“My mom’s friend’s son…” I say, making it up as I go. “He’s in summer school because he failed English, and Mom volunteered me to help him with his English paper.”
She stares at me, still holding onto Milo’s shirt. I want to rip it from her hands. Every second she touches it, she contaminates it. The scent of his body wash absorbs into her hands. I’m about to flip out Emery-style.
Paige looks at the shirt. “And he just took off his shirt in your room?”
“No,” I say, reaching for it. “He spilled his water bottle on it and acted like a diva, so Mom gave him one of Dad’s shirts to wear. He forgot it when he left. Mom can return it.”
I pry it away from her and toss it onto my pile of dirty clothes. She looks unimpressed. 
“Chloe, I know a lot of crap happened between prom night and graduation,” she says in Mom’s Deacon-break up-voice. “And I understand that you might want to keep new guys a secret because of all the drama and gossip and stuff, but you could tell me. You know that, right?”
I spend the next thirty minutes reassuring her that, yes, I know I can talk to her about boy problems, and yes, I’d tell her if I had a new guy in my life. I’m stabbed with a slight sting of guilt because I know I’m lying through my teeth. From the look on her face, she knows I’m lying as well. As soon as lockdown is over, I’ll tell her everything – well, almost everything. Some of those Milo moments just feel worthy of being private memories. 

Emery comes to my bedroom minutes after Paige leaves. I pause Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama to see what the little Saturnite has to say. 
“I’m sorry I said you had to marry Milo,” she says. “He’s boring. You shouldn’t have to marry a boring person.”
“It’s okay,” I tell her. I don’t mind Milo and his ‘boring self.’ “I’m sorry I made you confess your Harry Styles secret.”
She shrugs. “Just don’t tell Benji.”
She rearranges the magnets on my file cabinet and sits through two episodes of Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama with me before she finally gets around to the real reason she came into my bedroom. 
“I need your help,” she says. “I need to make a poster and some friendship bracelets. I already picked out the colors.”
After the wasted hours with Paige, I have no problem succumbing to the fandom of Spaceships Around Saturn. At least this will pass the time until Milo is back here with me. 
19 | I Bleed the Most for You
Emery sits on the hardwood floor of the foyer with her giant poster. Mom will be sweeping up glitter for the next three years. Sparkles glint off of Emery’s face. The sign reads ‘Welcome Back! I missed you!’ I drew a heart with rings around it, like Saturn. It’s unbearably cute, and I’m secretly proud of my creativity. I’m sure Jules will laugh at it and make me feel like an idiot the second they return, so I enjoy the moment while it lasts. 
The guys were supposed to be back three hours ago, but Dad said there was a delay in security, so they’ve been stuck at the cabin. I’m as anxious as Emery for them to return. Aralie has checked the time too often and has broken Emery’s record for asking Mom for updates. I think these two days have defeated Aralie too because last night, she danced around the kitchen singing lyrics to “Music Up, Windows Down” like only a Saturnite could do.
“Em, why don’t you go up to your room and play?” Mom asks. “I’ll holler for you when they get here. You’ll have plenty of time to get downstairs.”
“No,” Emery says. “I’m not moving.”
The little Saturnite remains a part of the foyer’s floor for the next hour while I entertain myself in my bedroom with YouTube videos of the guys. 
The siren known as Emery goes off as soon as vehicles enter our driveway.
Aralie rushes into the hallway just as I do. Excitement swallows her face. It’s rare to see her smile like this. She’s not even trying to portray a badass exterior tonight. 
“Act normal,” she says. “You know, like our ages and not Emery’s age.”
I nod in agreement and follow her down the stairs, as quickly yet as calmly as we can. The front door is already open when we get downstairs. Tate and Godfrey come inside first. 
“Tater Tot!” Aralie yells, rushing over to him. 
He drops his bags and hugs her, spinning her around in circles. Emery bounces next to them, all smiles even though she doesn’t give a flip about Tate Kingsley. She sings Benji’s name quietly and watches the front door, waving her poster all the while. 
Noah waves to me as he ascends the steps into our house. Milo is behind him, deeply engaged in a conversation with Tank. The butterflies in my stomach dance around to their own little choreographed routine, one that they save just for Milo. I don’t even mind tonight.
Noah walks over to me with one arm outstretched. 
“Did you completely die inside without us?” he asks, pulling me into a one-armed hug. 
“I did,” Emery answers. “Chloe only did sometimes.”
Noah laughs. “I know where her mind was during those sometimes.”
I elbow him in the side and pull away as Milo walks toward us. Oh my God, I’ve missed his smile and his eyes and his whole freaking face. I never thought I’d be that girl who used the lame ‘I miss your face’ phrase, but I’m her – I’m that girl because I missed his face. Let the Saturnite corruption ensue. 
“We survived,” Milo whispers to me.
It takes every droplet of strength in my body not to throw myself onto him and wrap myself around him. I want to hug him until my arms give out. 
“You wanna help me carry this stuff upstairs?” Milo asks, holding his guitar out toward me.
Hint or not, I totally catch on this time. My fingers tighten around the guitar strings, and they dig into my skin. I want to squeeze them tighter and tighter until there’s a permanent indention in my fingertips. That way, when this is all over, there’ll be a lockdown scar to remind me that this all really did happen. 
Back in Milo’s room, he drops his bag onto the floor, and I carefully place his guitar on the bed. Then I spin around and am engulfed in his arms. If Earth fell from the Milky Way galaxy and was eaten by a black hole, it wouldn’t even matter right now. At least I’d have died happily in Milo Grayson’s arms. He cups my face in his hands and kisses my forehead.
Noah clears his throat from the doorway. Milo backs away from me with an electric-shock kind of force. I might as well have yelled, “Clear!” and pushed him in his chest. 
“Dude,” he says to Noah. “Don’t scare me like that.”
“You’re the idiot who left the door open,” Noah says. 
He strolls into the room and sits at the end of Milo’s bed. As much as I hate that he interrupted our moment, it’s probably better this way. Footsteps move up the staircase, and Tate laughs. Aralie is with him. Emery’s voice is faint, but she’s heading this way too. Benji must be two steps in front of her. 
Milo reaches over for his guitar. He places it back against the wall.
“I wrote a song for every day we didn’t talk,” he says. 
Noah falls back on the bed laughing. “Milo, really? That’s the lamest line I’ve ever heard.”
“No, seriously,” Milo says. “I wrote a song.”
“Exactly,” Noah says. “A song. As in one song. Because we left Tuesday and today is Thursday.”
Milo smiles. “And I wrote a song for Wednesday.”
“Loser,” Noah mumbles before he sticks his tongue out at Milo. 
Our little triangle is interrupted by Benji and his shadow named Emery. 
“Hey, Mr. Scott wants us all downstairs. He has an update on the case,” Benji says. 
A sadness floods Emery’s eyes, and I wish I had a tissue to offer her. Benji looks hopeful, like he may not have to suffer the excitement of Emery much longer, but my spirit feels crushed. My butterflies don’t even dance with nervousness or fear. They just crumble inside of me.

All management teams, secret service agents, and bodyguards are gone once Dad assembles us into his game room. We spread out on the sectional – the Branson sisters, the Saturn guys, and Mom and Godfrey. It’s much less formal than Dad’s last big meeting with all of us. 
Jules is wearing a black T-shirt with a white rocket ship on it. The words ‘My Rocket is Bigger Than Yours’ paint his chest. I think that may be worse than Benji’s SLUT shirt. 
“I wanted to give you all an update as far as the case is concerned,” Dad says, pacing back and forth between us and his flat screen. 
Milo doesn’t move at all next to me. I watch his chest for a second, just to make sure he’s breathing. Benji, on the other hand, can’t sit still. His legs bounce, and his knee knocks into mine every three seconds. 
“There’s good news and bad news,” Dad says. “We have a very solid lead, and we’re in the process of following it right now. If this pans out, you guys should be free to go by the end of the week. But until then, lockdown remains.”
He waits for a moment, for someone to complain or interject or ask questions, but no one speaks. Not even Jules and his big rocket. 
“So um, the bad news,” Dad continues, after realizing none of us are going to ask. 
And then Jules speaks. “I thought ‘lockdown remains’ was the bad news.”
“For you, yes, that is the bad news,” Dad says. “If you guys want to go on upstairs and unpack, you can. The rest of this doesn’t affect you, but you can stay if you want. I just need my family to stick around for a minute longer.”
Benji is the first one on his feet, leaving a gap on the sectional between Emery and me. Noah follows him upstairs. Jules and Tate swap glances. I expect Jules to get up and follow his tatted brothers, but he remains. Milo doesn’t budge. 
“Okay, well,” Dad says, in his dad-voice. “I hate to have to do this, but we’re not going to be able to go to the Up, Up, and Away Festival this year.”
“Dad!” Aralie shouts out. “That’s the only thing we ever do as a family. Aside from holidays or whatever. Mom has pictures of me as a newborn at the festival.”
I know the picture she’s referring to. It’s hanging on the wall in the hallway near Mom and Dad’s bedroom. I was a year old, wearing that awful red dress with ruffles that swallowed me. My eyes and mouth are wide open, and I look like the goofiest baby in the world. Aralie was just a few weeks old. It was before Mom had to color her hair and before Dad had circles under his eyes from working crazy-long hours. 
“This isn’t fair,” Aralie says. “I’ve already bought my dress for it, and you know I never dress up for anything but Up, Up, and Away.”
“What is that?” Jules asks. 
Aralie explains it as the annual hot air balloon festival that comes here every year. It’s usually just before the fourth of July, like a prequel of sorts to get the community together. There’s a huge hot air balloon show over the river, and you can see the balloons from basically anywhere in town. It’s absolutely gorgeous. 
Mom stands up and walks over to Dad, discussing something with him in low voices so no one else can hear. Milo glances at me with sympathetic eyes. 
“Okay,” Mom says. “How about this? You and Chloe can go, but Dad, Emery, and I will have to miss this year. But you’re right, it’s not fair to you girls that you have to miss something that we do every year just because of lockdown.”
Emery jumps into argumentative-mode, demanding that she deserves to see the hot air balloons up close too. Big teardrops stream down her splotchy cheeks as Mom tries to calm her down. Dad hands her a tissue, but she swats his hand away and continues to cry.
“We won’t go, Emery,” Aralie says, slumping on the couch. 
Jules gives Aralie a one-armed hug, and she nods to whatever he says to her. Looks like someone grew a heart at the cabin. I never saw that coming. 
Mom flashes Aralie a thankful-proud-sympathetic smile…if there’s such a thing. 
Emery snots into a handful of Kleenex. Her breath quivers as she inhales to speak. 
“At least I will still have my birthday,” Emery announces. 
Dad sits on the ottoman in the middle of the room and buries his face into his hands Benji-style.
“Yeah,” he says. “Um, about your birthday...”

It’s after midnight when I finally make it downstairs onto the back patio with Milo. He doesn’t say anything when I walk outside. He stands and walks to me, wraps me up in a hug, and we stand on the patio for minutes until I finally pull my head away from his chest to look at him.
“Hell of a night,” he says. 
“No kidding,” I agree. “Let’s walk.”
We stroll through the grass toward the treehouse, and my brain replays the insanity of Emery’s postponed birthday party and Aralie’s eventual meltdown over missing the Up, Up, and Away Festival. On top of that, Mom informed me that Dad thinks very highly of the All-American Non-American boy as well. 
Milo climbs up first and plugs in the lights. This has become so routine for us that he knows his way around the treehouse in the dark. I avoided even looking out here while he was gone because the reminder was too much. We’ll have to burn the treehouse down when lockdown ends. I can’t imagine being here without him. 
Selfishly, I hope this lead doesn’t pan out. It’s awful of me to feel that way, I know, but I don’t want the guys to leave. This lockdown has become our normalcy. I don’t want to go back to silence. I want our house to be full of echoes of Xbox games, Aralie’s arguments with Jules, Benji’s shower songs, and Milo’s guitar. Can’t we just keep them forever?
Right now, Milo is my butterfly – wanting to bleed his ink to give the world some color. Yet he’s trapped under glass, being observed and maintained like a research specimen. All the while, I sit here telling him how beautiful his colors are and how the world needs to see them, but behind closed doors, I’m aiding and abetting the mad scientists who want him in a jar. 
“Hey, you okay?” he asks. 
I walk across the treehouse toward him, and we settle onto the small futon that serves as Emery’s couch. He wraps an arm around me and pulls me closer to him. Mmm, I’ve missed the scent of his body wash. Paige was right – he smells delicious. 
“Talk to me,” he says. “What’s on your mind?”
Oh, you know, I just want you to stay here forever trapped under glass even though I’m fully aware that the world needs you to bleed for it. 
“If you were a butterfly, what color would you bleed?” I ask. 
He looks at me like I just asked him to pluck his eyeballs out. Then his face softens a bit. 
“Blue,” he answers. “And you, Ms. Branson?”
I think about my own question for a moment. I don’t want to be typical and say my favorite color like he did. 
“Orange,” I say. 
He studies my face. “Why orange?”
I try to dream up some pretty line about the sunrise and how the pinks and oranges streak across the sky, but it’d sound prettier in a Sebastian’s Shadow song than from my mouth. So I tell him the truth.
“Because blue burns orange,” I say. “I figure no two colors could ever be closer than those igniting a flame.”
“Maybe you should be the one writing lyrics instead of me,” he says. “That’s deep.”
“Shut up,” I say, looking away at the fuzzy pink rug that Emery must’ve brought up here in the last two days.
“Hey, I was serious,” he says. He reaches for my cheek and turns me back to face him. “I’ll be the blue to your orange any day.”
I lean back against him, under the safety of his arm, and try to think of something to say that isn’t drenched in worry, sadness, and butterfly’s blood. 
He tells me about the fishing trip, how he and Benji worked on some lyrics, and that Noah slipped in the mud and fell in the lake all on his own. 
“And then Benji told me that we may need to form a new bromance because Tate and Jules have become best friends during lockdown,” he says. “I think it’s all the Xbox playing.”
“Well, you are the one looking at Benji through the window,” I say. “And he wanted to share a bed with you. Maybe Benlo will be the next thing. Or Minji?”
Milo laughs and pulls away from me. He walks over to the corner of the treehouse and grabs Emery’s lime green and purple pillows. Thank God she doesn’t have her SAS pillow out here. He props them up in the corner of the futon and rests back on them. 
“Come here,” he says, stretching his leg out behind me. 
He’s too tall to fit comfortably on the futon, but he does his best. I lie down with him, resting against his chest. He secures his arms around me. 
“You know, I don’t appreciate you calling me a creeper on Benji’s fake Twitter,” he says. “There’s actually a story behind that.”
I wonder if fans on the real Twitter know something I don’t know. I have this insane hunger to devour all things Spaceships Around Saturn so I never feel out of the loop, like right now. I bet other Saturnites knew that Benji and Milo share a house in Montréal. I bet someone even knows that Benji likes lemon water. The internet had to tell me that Jules is naturally a blonde and dyes his hair black to fit the bad boy image. These guys have been living here. I should know these things by default. 
“Right after we got back from Australia, Benji and I moved into the house we have now,” he explains. “We were suffering from jet lag, so Benji decided to sleep for twenty-something hours, and I decided to be nocturnal and stay up for twenty-something hours.”
That makes sense. Benji likes sleep. Milo likes to roam with the vampires.
“I’d recorded a lot of stuff to watch when we got back, like Bruno Mars on Saturday Night Live,” he says. 
I never took him for a Bruno fan. Hmm. I’ll add that to my SAS knowledge. 
“So I was on the couch, in my boxers, singing my heart out while Benji slept upstairs, and you know that feeling, like someone’s watching you?” he asks. 
“Oh yeah,” I say, nodding against him. “I live with Emery. I always feel like someone is watching me because she usually is.”
Emery is definitely the epitome of a creeper. She may not be some weirdo looking in windows, wearing a ski mask, or lurking with a camera, but she is on a creeper level all of her own. Benji might even appreciate the paparazzi after lockdown with Emery. 
“Well, I had that gut feeling that someone was there, so I tried to play it cool. I glanced over to the window, and there was this girl – from her nose up – literally watching me through my window,” he says. 
Okay, maybe Emery hasn’t reached ultimate stalker status in the world of Saturnites. Yet. In the future, anything goes, especially once Benji announces to the world that she’s his new BFF. She’s going to be the most popular Saturnite in the world. People will adore her and think she’s cute. She might even be Twitter famous. I’m sure the fans will respond to her much more nicely than they will to Aralie and me. 
“What did you do when you saw her?” I ask. 
“Screamed,” he says. “I just…screamed. Like a freaking idiot. Screaming.”
 I completely crack up imagining Milo – cool, calm, serious Milo – screaming like a banshee in his boxers while Bruno Mars sings in the background. 
“It’s not funny,” he says. “Benji ran downstairs in a half-sleep, stumbling over things, and the poor girl…I think I scared her more than she scared me because she bolted fast.”
A few more giggles slip out, as much as I try not to laugh at him. The scene plays out in my mind as if I actually saw it on a YouTube clip. 
Milo hugs me to him. “At least you’re laughing now,” he says. 
He’s right. I feel like I haven’t really laughed in days. My thoughts have been on lockdown ending, Milo leaving, and missing out on my hot air balloons for the first time in eighteen years.
I force myself to smile, then I kiss him before he can say anything else. He’ll probably want me to talk about the things that are on my mind so he can reassure me and make everything better. He’s good at making things better, but right now, I’m not really up for it. 

Crickets and toads chirp in the night as we trek back toward the house. I still like to believe it’s really aliens doing Morse code. That just sounds much more exciting.
“So, my orange butterfly, can I wake you up early in the morning?” Milo asks. 
“I can’t be your butterfly,” I say, wishing immediately that I hadn’t. “You can’t be mine, either.”
“Whoa, what?” He stops in the middle of the grass and pulls me back toward him.
His skin radiates in the moonlight. He was meant to shine. He was meant to bleed colors. 
“Chloe,” he says. “Talk. Explain. Something?”
“I don’t know how,” I say, trying to unfizzle my thoughts. 
“Words!” he says much too loudly. “With words! Speak! Words!”
“Shhhh,” I say, pulling him toward me. “You can’t be my butterfly because…they bleed and die and dissolve into wing particles. But you have to bleed, even if I hate it.”
“Okay, if you want to talk in metaphors, I can do that,” he says. 
Oh Saturn. Why? Why must he be beautiful, talented, and smart?
“You’re right,” he says, pulling his arms free of my grasp and taking my hands in his. “Eventually, the sun will rise, I’ll have to bleed with my butterfly brothers, and the rest of the world will get to see my blue ink, not just you.”
I never thought I could smile at the thought of Milo leaving, but this boy seriously just made it happen. 
“But here’s the thing,” he says. “I may bleed every single day for the world, but I bleed the most for you.”
20 | Night of Surprises
The sun gleams through the blue and green suncatcher that Emery made for Benji. It sways in the breeze, rocking back and forth above our patio. He helped her hang it there yesterday morning. He told her any time it caught the sun, it meant that he was thinking about her. If she wasn’t almost six, it’d have been utterly romantic. 
Our house has been back to normal for the last two days…almost. Something must’ve happened while they were at the cabin because they’ve all changed a bit. Since the guys came back Thursday night, Aralie and Jules haven’t fought once, except for their rivalry for top scores on Wii bowling and baseball. Noah said, “Good morning,” to everyone yesterday before he even had his strawberry milk. And Milo, well, he’s always been super sweet, so not much has changed with him. 
At first, I thought Dad might’ve said something fatherly and firm to them, but Dad left Thursday night and hasn’t been here to see the result. But now, watching Benji and Emery’s suncatcher on a Sunday morning, I feel like something’s just really off. 
“Chloe,” Emery says, sliding the patio door back. “Benji said you need to quit sitting around alone and come help him.”
Of course, he said that. He has a freaking perfect tan just from looking at the sun. Some of us need more time with the Vitamin-D source. 
“Why does he need me?” I ask, lifting my sunglasses to look at her. “Can’t Noah or Jules or you help him?”
She folds her arms and stomps her foot. 
“He said he needed you, Chloooooeeeee,” she says, dragging out my name for emphasis.
I grab my T-shirt off of the lounge chair, pull it over my head, and follow her into the kitchen. Benji stands in front of the counter with Mom’s muffin pan and a lot of lemon slices. 
“Hey,” he says. “I need your help. You guys have a deep freezer, right?”
He better not have pulled me out of the sunshine to ask about a freezer. He slices into another lemon, and I notice the blue and green bracelet still wound around his wrist. He wears it every single day. All of the SAS guys have bracelets now thanks to Emery. Milo’s is blue and gray. I wonder if he’d trade it for my pink and black one. 
“Yes,” I answer. “Why do you need a deep freezer?”
“I’m trying something,” he says. “Ms. Shelly sent G-man for some stuff. I’m gonna make lemonade when he gets back. Right now, we’re making ice cubes.”
It’s so weird to hear my parents referred to as Mr. Scott and Ms. Shelly. I can’t even go there with G-man for Godfrey. Emery helps him fill the muffin holes in the pan with water, and Benji drops a huge slice of lemon into each one. I think Mom’s craftiness has worn off on him.
I help Benji carry the muffin pans to the freezer and find a way to miraculously keep them flat among the other items. When we walk back into the kitchen, Emery stands in a chair near the sink with the water sprayer aimed like a gun. The water is already running, so I do the only thing I can do – hide behind Benji. 
Emery giggles like she does when we watch Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama. Benji mutters curse words under his breath. Emery quickly turns the water off and runs through the house laughing. 
“Great,” Benji says. “You know, I’m trying really hard to be nice to that kid, and this is what I get for it.”
He pulls his shirt over his head and examines the water damage. 
“Here,” I say, taking it from him. “We’ll stick it outside. It’ll be dry within an hour.”
I take the T-shirt and drape it over a lounge chair while Benji cleans up the water in the kitchen floor. Maybe he shouldn’t have been nice to Emery. She’s taking advantage of it now.
The letters BACCARINI stretch across the top of Benji’s back, like a name on a sports jersey. There’s an anime Grim Reaper with giant wings flying in the middle of his back, between his shoulder blades. I shudder when I think of how much those had to hurt. 
“Thanks,” he says, looking over his shoulder at me when I slide the patio door closed. 
He turns his attention back to the note cards on the fridge and scribbles another ‘tweet.’ I don’t stick around to read it. 

“What do you think they’re doing?” Aralie asks from within the confines of her bedroom. “We’ve been trapped in here for nearly an hour.”
I wish I had an answer for her. Emery rolls around in the floor, completely uncaring that her cute little yellow dress is getting wrinkled to hell and back. 
Mom asked us to stay in one of our rooms, the three of us together, until she and the guys were ready for us. That alone scares me. She also told us to wear what we’d bought for the Up, Up, and Away Festival, which is scarier. 
Aralie swipes another layer of sparkles across her eyelid and touches up that hideously red lipstick she’s taken a liking to. She blows herself a kiss in the mirror. 
I lie back on her bed, much like Emery in the floor. Earlier, Emery said my dress reminded her of a cupcake, so I’m feeling less than glamorous right now. My hair falls around me as I turn to watch Aralie model in front of the mirror. She’s as much a diva as Noah is. 
Emery recounts Benji’s lemon ice cubes and how Mom sent Godfrey to the store for more items. Maybe we’re having Emery’s birthday celebration a day early. Apparently we’re going to celebrate it with a lot of lemon-flavored stuff. Eww.
“I’ve got it,” Aralie says. “Say you have to pee, walk down the hallway to the bathroom, and see if you see anything.”
“I will!” Emery volunteers, jumping up from the floor. “Now that you said that, I really do have to pee.”
Aralie sighs. “Fine,” she says. “But don’t act suspicious.”
She might as well have just told Emery not to breathe. That kid is going to be more suspicious than the loser who shot at Spaceships Around Saturn.
Emery slips out of the bedroom, and I watch her wander along toward the bathroom. She walks much too slowly and somewhat dances her way down the hallway. I close the door when I hear voices. Mom said no peeking, and I’m pretty sure all of the guys would rat us out.
Aralie twirls around in her silver and green dress, humming the tune of a Mutilated Arteries song. The SAS boys haven’t corrupted her entirely. 
I wait at the end of her bed, where Jules’s laundry is forbidden to be, and listen to anything that may give us a clue as to what’s going on. But the only thing I hear is Emery’s footsteps.
She bursts through the door and slams it shut behind her. Her face is all hyena crazy again.
“I saw Noah,” she says. “He was wearing khaki pants.”
Aralie and I both stare at her, waiting for more. 
“And?” Aralie asks, motioning her hand in circles to tell Emery to get on with it.
“That was it,” Emery says. “He was in khaki pants and a polo shirt and looked nice.”
He looked nice? Not weird or preppy or boring, but nice? Oh God. Emery is turning into Mom! I continue to stare at her, wide-eyed, I’m sure. I don’t even know what to say to that.
But it is strange that Noah is wearing khakis. He’s been in jeans, cargo shorts, and swim trunks every time I’ve seen him during lockdown. I didn’t figure he even owned khakis. He’s not the dress-up type, but neither is the sister spinning in her Slytherin-colored dress. 
There’s a knock on the door, and we all jump back, trying to act completely normal. Mom pokes her head in and smiles before entering and closing the door behind her. She’s wearing that slinky purple and black shirt that Aralie picked out for her and a pair of black capris. She looks nice, if anyone does.
“Sit down,” Mom says, pointing toward Aralie’s bed. 
I sit closest to the headboard and soon regret it. A poster of Mutilated Arteries looks down on me, and even though it’s just a photograph, I feel like their overly-tatted drummer is literally watching me. He folds his drumsticks in an X-shape over his chest. He looks scary. I hope Noah doesn’t go overboard with the ink like that guy.
“I have an announcement via Spaceships Around Saturn,” Mom says like a real publicist. “Because Emery’s birthday party had to be postponed, and due to our family having to miss the Up, Up, and Away Festival, the guys of Spaceships Around Saturn, along with a very helpful and crafty lady, have put together an alternative event for us and would like for you girls to join them. Right now, back patio.”
I laugh at that last line. So very Mom of her. 
“This should be interesting,” Aralie says. 
She’s the first one up and out of her bedroom. Emery dances along behind her, singing her own little song about how this is the best night ever. Mom laughs and looks at me. 
“Personally,” she says. “I think the guys outside are much cuter than any guy you would’ve met at the festival tonight.”
I decide to humor her. 
“You know what? You’re right,” I say. I stand up, flatten out my dress, and smile. “At least about three-fifths of them.”

The patio is lit up with twinkle lights and tiki torches. Jules helps Dad man the grill. He laughs at something with Aralie, and it weirds me out that they’re sort of friends now. I guess Tate got through to him. 
Benji rushes over to me as soon as I step outside. 
“You have to see this,” he says, grabbing my arm and dragging me toward the jug of lemonade. “How awesome am I?”
What is it with these boys and ego boosts? I look into the lemonade, and there they are – lemons frozen in water, round-shaped like they’d been frozen in a muffin pan. Benji’s creativity is actually sort of awesome, so I cave in and nod to his question. He’s the least dressed up, in black skinny jeans and a polo shirt. 
Emery stomps over to us. 
“Why are you trying to be Chloe’s friend today?” she demands to know.
“Yeah,” Noah says, walking up beside me. He drapes an arm over my shoulder. “You know the deal, Benj. Aralie hangs out with Tate and fights with Jules. You entertain Emery. And Milo and I get Chloe because we’re the best triangle in the house.”
Noah drags me away with him to see Milo. He stands alone with Tate, maybe salvaging what he can of Tito, but looks our way when Noah clears his throat. Noah takes over conversing with Tate and hands me off to Milo. Hello, butterflies. 
“Nice seeing you here,” Milo says. He leans over and whispers to me. “You look amazing.”
I feel like I’m the star in some clichéd teen movie. I have it all – summertime, a beautiful boy in a button-up shirt, the dress, and twinkle lights. Fireworks should go off any minute, and some popular boy band will play during the ending credits. Hey, look at that, I also have the boy band. Is it time for my close up shot?
Just as I try to find words to say ‘thanks’ or ‘you too,’ I catch Mom’s gaze and her motherly smile, and my heart fizzles. 
“My mom knows,” I whisper.
“She what? How?” he asks, shifting his eyes around but refusing to look toward my parents.
“She suspects,” I correct myself. “She’s all but asked me what I think of you.”
For the first time in a few days, he does that silly sideways kiss thing with his lips. He’s obviously deep in thought about something.
“So, Ms. Branson,” he says. “What do you think of me?”
I lean over to him, so the other guys won’t hear, and I tell him the one thing I know he’s wanted me to admit since lockdown began.
“I think you’re the best looking guy in Spaceships Around Saturn.”

Hours later, Aralie compares the bug zapper to an electric chair for mosquitoes. She sits in between Tate and Jules and complains about the smell of cigarettes. She’s quite the charmer. Of course, Tate laughs.
Milo finally gives his guitar a break. He’s played too many SAS songs, too many oldies that Dad requested, and any random song that Benji and Jules could think of because they apparently know every lyric to every song since the beginning of music. 
Noah settles back in next to me on the lounge chair we’ve been sharing most of the night. He has a plate of spicy fries with him, and I steal a handful. 
“Milo!” Noah shouts. “Chloe’s been stealing my fries all night. Trade seats with me.”
Noah squeezes in with Benji and Emery while my guy eases down next to me. 
“If you want fries that badly, I can go get you some,” Milo offers.
I shake my head. “It’s not as fun if I’m not stealing them.”
“Alright,” he replies. “I’ll get fries for myself. Then I’ll be back to join you, okay?”
I nod. “Don’t forget ketchup.”
Mom’s eyes meet mine for half a second when I glance back to make sure Milo really does get ketchup. Her face is beaming like a spotlight. I really didn’t expect her to be happy that her daughter may have a thing for an international superstar. Isn’t that supposed to throw up red flags of impending heartbreak and late night tears? God, Chloe. Shut up. Don’t think about crap like that. 
Milo lets me steal as many spicy fries as I want, and unlike Noah, he never complains. I focus on the fries so I won’t look up and see the hot air balloons creeping into the night sky. They seem so far away, so small. 
Mom, Dad, and Godfrey sit inside, with the air conditioning. When the patio door finally slides open again, it’s Godfrey who emerges from the house. He holds a box in his hands, and I wait for him to approach Tate, since that’s usually where it goes. 
“Oh shoot,” Milo says. “Can you hold this?”
He hands me the almost-empty plate and rushes over to meet Godfrey. He takes the box and steps inside. Mom and Dad both get up and walk toward him, then Mom disappears into the kitchen. I finish off the last few fries, chug down half a mason jar of Benji’s lemonade, and wait for Milo to return. All of the adults follow him.
“Aww, G-man pulled through,” Tate says. “What’s in the box?”
Wow, Tate doesn’t even know. Well, he doesn’t know what’s in the box, but obviously he knows that Milo wanted something and Godfrey probably had to pull strings to get it. 
Mom smiles. “It’s our last surprise tonight. It was Milo’s idea.” 
21 | Up, Up, and Away
Mom rushes over to the rest of us much too happily. She glances up at the hot air balloons in the distance. They’re little orbs above the tree line – blue, red, orange, green, yellow – shining in the night. They look like distant planets, and I’m the sad little alien who wishes she could see them up close. 
“Since we couldn’t go see the balloons this year,” Mom says. “Milo had an idea to bring the balloons to us. And somehow, Godfrey worked his magic and found what Milo wanted.”
As Milo steps closer to us, I see the words on the box – wish lanterns. There’s a diagram on the side of the box, showing how to light and launch them.
Emery gasps and jumps up with a star-struck gaze.
“Those!” she screams, pointing at the box. “That’s like on Tangled!”
My heart overflows with butterfly’s blood. The lantern scene in Tangled is the most beautiful scene from an animated film. Ever. 
Emery is completely beside herself, bouncing around and inhaling sharply because this is bigger than her little Saturnite brain can handle. She probably feels like a princess right now. 
Milo opens the box and takes out the five pre-packaged lanterns. Emery is first in line, wanting to hold it and love it and spill her Saturnite heart all over it. Dad and Benji tag-team her for double safety precautions. 
Noah grabs the next one and walks over to Mom. 
“Looks like you can be my leading lady tonight since your hubby’s taken,” he says. 
Aralie rolls her eyes at him, and I wish she knew Noah like I do. Most of his ‘sarcastic’ remarks are really just poking fun at Milo and me. He’s not the annoying jerkoff she thinks he is. Then again, maybe Tate’s not as annoying and immature as I think he is. Once they come clean after lockdown, maybe I’ll get to know him on a better level. 
Aralie takes the next lantern from Milo and unwraps the plastic. She examines the instructions for just a moment before Jules walks up to her. 
“Don’t even think about it,” Jules says, taking the lantern from her. “You know damn well that you don’t need to play with fire without a real man around to help you.”
“Hmm,” she says. “Do you plan on helping me look for a real man?”
“Oh, I know a real man,” Jules counters. “And he has a big rocket.”
Aralie’s elbow meets his ribcage, but he just laughs and follows her out into the open yard with the others. Tate eases up next to Milo and reaches for the next lantern.
“You shouldn’t play with fire,” Milo tells him. 
“Dude, G-man is gonna help me hook this thing up,” Tate says. 
I think the first thing I will ask Aralie after lockdown is how Tate became such good friends with Godfrey…and how Godfrey feels about being called G-man all the time. 
Tate and Godfrey walk across the yard – Tate talking nonstop while Godfrey nods and smiles.
Milo holds up the last pre-packaged wish lantern and waves it at me.
“Looks like you’re stuck with me, Ms. Branson,” Milo says. “Just as Emery predicted.”
“Ugh,” I moan. “And you’re just so boring.”
“Oh God, Chloe. Stop making me want to kiss you when other people are around,” he says. 
He takes the last lantern and pulls me along with him into the yard with everyone else. 

Dad peels the wax paper from the lantern and examines the fuel pack like he would investigate a government case. Pre-assembled, Dad. Just follow the instructions.
We let him take the reins and light the first one. He probably thinks we’re all little kids who need hardcore supervision. The fuel pack slowly ignites into a flame, and Dad flips the yellow lantern over. 
“This thing is as long as me,” Emery says. 
She’s right. The ones in Tangled must’ve been different because these are much bigger. They’re like mini-hot air balloons. Tate and Godfrey fall in behind Dad and flip their lantern over as well. I’m surprised Dad or Godfrey didn’t give us a speech about the mechanics of nature and physics and how these things actually launch.
“Okay, Emery,” Benji says. “You have to make a special wish before we send this off.”
She bounces. “Is it gonna go to the clouds?”
Milo laughs. “It’s going all the way to Saturn,” he says. “That’s where they came from.”
If I wasn’t busy peeling off this wax paper, I’d elbow him for that. Emery is going to go back to school this fall, the first-grader who spent her summer with a boy band, talking about wish lanterns that Milo had imported from Saturn. 
Emery claims that she’s made her wish, and she helps Dad and Benji balance the giant lantern until the wind finally grabs it and carries it into the night. 
“I wished that you’d never leave!” she shouts at Benji. 
Benji groans. “You can’t tell people what you wished or it won’t come true.”
Emery kicks at the grass and flops down on the ground. She has the ugly baby doll face. Plus it’s past her bedtime. This should get interesting. 
“I hate my life!” she screams. 
Mom abandons Noah and their lit lantern to scoop Emery up from the wet grass. The waterworks come full force.
Noah and Tate launch their lanterns at the same time. Mom carries Emery inside, and Dad follows. Godfrey is three steps behind. It’s past his bedtime too. 
Benji hovers over Aralie and Jules as they work on lighting the fuel pack on their lantern. He’s probably hoping to wish on theirs as well. He’ll wish that Emery’s wish never comes true.
Milo flicks a lighter in his hand and turns the lantern toward him to ignite it. 
“You were right,” he says. “Blue burns orange, and no colors could ever be closer.”
He turns the lantern upside down, and I help him balance it with my hands. It’s so much like a yellow hot air balloon, just smaller…and ours. 
“Okay, make a wish before the wind gets it,” Milo says. 
My wish? Oh, what to wish. Through all of the shooting stars and 11:11s, I’ve wished for silly, pointless things. This – this lantern wish with Milo – needs to be special. As much as I’d love to pull an Emery and wish to keep him here forever, I can’t. He has to be Milo Grayson from Spaceships Around Saturn. And I have to be strong for him. 
I wish for strength.
Then the wind takes our lantern.

It’s much later than our usual meeting time once everyone has fallen asleep. For Benji to be as exhausted as a zombie without a brain-fix, he stayed up much later than I’d liked tonight. I never thought we’d get rid of him. 
Milo told me not to change out of my dress, but I feel so awkward sneaking out at nearly two o’clock in the morning dressed like this. He paces across the patio when I get downstairs. He’s still in his khakis and button-up shirt.
“Let’s go,” he says, before I even get the patio door closed. 
He grabs my hand and hurries off to the treehouse. We’re usually sneaking back into the house right about now. This is all kinds of rebellious and wild. I sort of like it. 
When we reach the treehouse, Milo doesn’t climb up. Instead, he leans against the ladder and reaches out for my hands. He pulls me to him.
“You know, until the other night,” he says. “I didn’t realize just how much your life had flipped upside down. I mean, you guys had lives before we got here. You had plans and friends to see and things to do.”
If he’s trying to apologize for making us miss the Up, Up, and Away Festival, he can stop now. Our night was magical and amazing thanks to them. I don’t think I’ll ever care if I go to the Up, Up, and Away Festival again. The festival doesn’t have wish lanterns or Dad’s grilling or a live, acoustic performance by Spaceships Around Saturn.
“It’s okay,” I say. “I got you out of the deal, so I think it was fair enough.”
He locks his hands behind my neck and presses his forehead to mine.
“You’re just being nice,” he whispers. 
Two weeks ago, this boy was trying to pry an ego boost out of me. Now he’s playing coy? I pull back to face him, but for the most part, he avoids eye contact and smiles sheepishly. I wish I could capture this moment. No one would ever believe that Milo Grayson had a moment of weakness. 
Fireflies twinkle in the night, little specks of yellow against a black sky. One floats close by, flickering on and off. I wonder, if by some chance, it’s one of the fireflies we caught during our other late-night rendezvous. Maybe it remembers us. 
Milo reaches out for it and catches it in his hands. He cups it between his palms, and I lean in to look at it. It lights up and blacks out, lights up and blacks out. 
“Coolest bugs ever,” Milo says. 
“And they don’t even have to bleed for anyone,” I say. 
He releases the firefly, and it sparks a few times as it dances away from us. 
“It’s weird,” I say, watching it glow in the distance like the hot air balloons did earlier. “They only light up for a second or two, but they always make me smile.”
“Sort of like a shooting star,” Milo says. 
My thoughts consume me again. Bleeding butterflies. Flicking fireflies. I’m going to mourn the loss of lockdown with bugs. Maybe I should enlist the crickets and toads to sing at the funeral service. “Alien Morse Code” can be a new funeral hymn.
“What are you thinking?” Milo asks. 
I will not tell him that I’m dwelling over this again. No more bug talk!
“Why did you tell me to keep the dress on?” I ask. 
It’s not really a lie. I was thinking about it…when he told me not to change out of it earlier. 
He just smiles. “Let’s climb up,” he says. 
He steps up on the ladder and goes ahead of me this time, thanks to the dress. I wonder how many guys from my high school would be gentlemanly enough to do the same. From my former clique, the answer would be none. 
Milo helps me into the treehouse, which goes over much more awkwardly than usual thanks to my wardrobe. At least I wore flip flops instead of those heels Mom bought ‘just in case’ I changed my mind. I don’t care if heels are in. I’m a flats kind of girl.
“Dance with me,” Milo says, extending a hand. 
The Christmas lights reflect in his eyes, and I swear, they actually make his smile brighter. 
“What?” I ask. Did he really just say that?
He steps closer to me. “You heard me. Dance with me,” he repeats. 
Yep, he really did just say that. I reach out for his hand, but I stop. This is almost too ‘teen movie.’ Isn’t this a scene from one of them? They weren’t in a treehouse, though. Maybe near a pool? I remember Christmas lights. This is surreal. 
“Why?” I ask, even though I know it’s a total insult and I should just dance with the boy.
“You’re impossible.” He sighs and paces the treehouse floor. “I’ll spare you the details, but your mom has talked about how awful your prom night was, and I thought, maybe, I could help make up for it. I mean, you’re already in the dress, so why not?”
I wish I knew why I have to question everything and complicate matters. I need to stop being so logical and rational and just let this boy make me happy when he wants to instead of questioning everything he says and does. I shouldn’t make him pay for Deacon’s mistakes. 
“If you don’t want to,” Milo says. “I can pick up my broken sense of pride and just dance with it instead.”
“No,” I say, willing him with my mind to leave his broken sense of pride on the floor. “I’ll dance with you.”
He smiles and extends his hand to me again. This time, I take it without reservation. He spins me around once then pulls me close to him. 
“So, are the night critters going to provide music for us?” I ask. 
Obviously my mind is still on lockdown’s funeral hymn, the crickets, and the toads. 
“I was thinking I could just sing for you,” Milo says, his breath warm against my ear. “Any requests, Ms. Branson?”
Umm, yes, can I completely melt and become part of Saturn’s rings now? Wait, maybe they’re made of ice. I should’ve paid more attention when I had to build that goofy solar system model in second grade. Emery’s been born since then, though, so I’ll use her as my excuse for losing brain cells. 
“Your favorite Saturn song,” I say. 
I have no idea what it is, but this is a clever way to find out. He pulls back and looks at me, lips scrunched to the side. 
“We didn’t get to record my favorite Saturn song,” he says. “Benji and I wrote it, but the label said it wasn’t clean enough for a boy band and that it’d corrupt our image.”
A flood of paranoia rushes over me. What could be so bad that the label wouldn’t let them record it? It’s probably about some girl they met on tour and had a little too much fun with at an after party or in a five-star hotel room. 
“What’s the song about?” I ask, already regretting it. But I know he wants me to ask.
“It’s about a girl, who’s been broken by a stupid guy,” he says. He runs his fingers through my hair as he talks. “She goes to a bar to drown her sorrows over a few glasses of wine. And then this guy sees her and wants to put her back together, but she’s too scared to give over her heart because it’s been shattered before.”
I dare to tilt my head upward so I can see his face. His eyes look even more caramelized with Christmas light speckles in them. 
“It’s called ‘Un-shattered’ because it’s about un-shattering someone’s heart,” he explains. 
“Was there really a broken girl?” I ask. Shoot me. I have to know.
He shakes his head. 
“Not at that time, no,” he says. “Unless Benji had one that I never knew about. We just liked the idea and wrote it. The label said the bar scene wasn’t good for our younger fans. They didn’t want them to think drinking away your sorrows and leaving with a stranger was okay. They missed the deeper meaning.”
I guess it comes with the territory. Boy bands can’t be rated-R. No sex, no steam, no late nights in bars. At least boy bands are moving forward, though. There was a time when only the stereotypical bad boy was allowed to have tattoos. 
“So,” Milo says. “Will you do me the honor of listening to my song and dancing with me?”
I nod, letting myself fall victim to all things Milo Grayson. As he pulls me close and sings a soft melody, everything is right. 

I wait at the bottom of the ladder for Milo to turn off the lights in the treehouse. He shuffles around, and plastic crinkles above me. I glance around, but I can’t see what he’s doing. The treehouse goes dark. 
“Hey, I have something for you,” he says as he climbs down. 
He holds out a pack of blue tissue paper. Just tissue paper. Then he gently shakes it, and it opens up. It’s another wish lantern. A blue wish lantern.
“I wanted us to have a special one,” he says, pulling a lighter from his pocket. “So this is ours. Just ours. And we’re going to wish on it together.”
He steadies the lantern in the moonlight and flicks the lighter for a flame. Blue burns orange and lights the fuel pack. He tilts and turns it until the fuel pack is ablaze, then he flips the lantern over. I balance the pre-assembled bamboo against my fingertips as the wind slowly gathers its strength for flight. 
“Okay, this is for us,” Milo says. “What’s your wish? It’ll be our secret.”
I think for a second, watching the blue paper lantern glow between us. It’s going to drift away in a moment, far into the night sky, lost among the clouds. It’ll eventually flicker out like a firefly, but right now, while it glows, I smile. 
“My wish is for you to be my firefly,” I say. “After lockdown ends, we’ll only see each other in moments, for short flickers of time.”
“And it’ll always make us smile,” Milo says. “I’ll be your firefly. I think I like that even more than being a bleeding butterfly. Be mine too?”
Our lantern lifts from our fingertips and wobbles for just a moment, spreading its imaginary paper wings and taking flight. It glows like a blue spaceship, orbiting its way back to Saturn, where it belongs. 
“I’ll be your firefly too,” I say. 
He pulls me into a hug, and we watch our lantern flicker away into the night. 
22 | I Want Revenge
The screen of my laptop lights up, and I wait impatiently for the internet to connect. It takes about three seconds, but I’ve wanted to see photos from the real Up, Up, and Away Festival since last night when I saw the hot air balloons in the distance. 
I’m not even sad that I missed it. More than anything, I want to see the photos so I can smile to myself because my night with Milo and Spaceships Around Saturn was so much better than the festival ever could’ve been. 
I sign into my Facebook account to multiple notifications. 
Paige Harding has tagged you in 36 pictures. 
Thirty-six pictures? Of what? I’ve barely seen her all summer, and the last time I even remember her having a camera near me was graduation night. She uploaded those pictures as soon as she got home. 
I pull up the first photo. It’s of Deacon. With Paige. Kissing. Not like the way Milo kisses me but in the way that rabid dogs bite each other’s faces off. Her caption reads: Sometimes you just have to give a man what he wants. Sometimes you have to woman up!
Twenty-four comments wait below. 
Lauren: Damn Paige. Doing it is one thing but tagging her? That’s low.
Random jerk from school: Ha! The Ice Queen just got burned!
The jokes continue throughout the conversation – all of them at my expense. Why am I the laughing stock? Why am I the one who is talked about badly? Deacon clucked – freaking clucked – Benji’s last name in the parking lot while harassing my sister and me, and Paige is a backstabbing friend who only did this so she could tag me and act like a badass.
I slam my laptop shut as my bedroom door flies open. 
“Don’t get on Facebook!” Aralie shouts, rushing toward my bed. 
She grabs my laptop and hugs it to her chest.
“I’ve already seen it,” I tell her, pulling my laptop back to me. 
She gets up and closes the bedroom door, then joins me back on the bed. 
“I cannot believe that little bitch,” Aralie says. “I knew I hated her for a reason. I’m going to unfriend her right now, as soon as I tell her exactly what I think about her slutty ass.”
“Don’t,” I say, reaching out to stop Aralie from leaving or moving or whatever it is she’s thinking of doing right now. 
My first reaction was to unfriend Paige and everyone else from school. It doesn’t matter if I rid myself of Deacon long ago. He’ll know that I saw the photos. I’m tagged in all thirty-six of them, and I’ve only seen the first one. 
“We can’t unfriend her,” I say, flipping the screen back up on my laptop. “I’m going to untag myself from these pictures, and we’re going to pretend nothing happened.”
Aralie stands up and paces on my lime green rug. 
“Chloe,” she says through her teeth. “You’re too freaking nice to her and to that jerkoff ex of yours. They need to get theirs. I know, I know – karma will work itself out, but damn it, I don’t have time for karma. I want revenge now.”
There she is – my Aralie. The girl who curses people out if they say something about someone she loves. The girl who has to be held back because she really will kick a guy in his guy parts. The girl who lived across the hall before Spaceships Around Saturn joined us on a lockdown. They’ve softened her…a lot. I like the nicer, less-edgy Aralie. But some days, I need that wild child in her to resurface. Like today. 
“Look,” I say. “When lockdown ends, you have a memory card full of pictures that will be the envy of girls all over the world. You can post them. Tag me in them. Tag Mom in them. Make sure everyone who could possibly see them does. Including Paige. So you have to keep her for now, just long enough for revenge.”
My sister laughs manically. 
“Oh! I have to show you something,” she says. 
She dashes out of my room and returns with her digital camera. She’s used it more during lockdown than she has in the last year. The only other time I remember her taking so many pictures was at the Sebastian’s Shadow concert. 
“Look,” she says, flashing a picture of Milo and me from last night. 
We’re on the back patio with twinkle lights glowing behind us. I remember the moment. Aralie interrupted us while we were discussing how we were going to be able to sneak out later. She screamed for us to ‘look happy,’ so Milo pulled me into him and smiled. We look unbelievably happy. 
“You know,” Aralie says. “If he wasn’t all famous and stuff, he could pass for your boyfriend.”
Right. Because a famous guy wouldn’t actually be my real boyfriend. I know she doesn’t mean it the way it sounds. I don’t even care. At least I’m not dating Tate. 
She flips through her hundreds of photos, showing me the funniest and cutest ones. She’s basically documented all of lockdown on that memory card. I hope she’s backed up those pictures somewhere. My heart will mutilate itself if we lose them. 

As soon as Aralie leaves my bedroom to play Xbox with Tate, I untag myself from all of Paige’s pictures. I do my best not to read the comments, but my God, so many people are eating the drama like it’s their favorite desserts. All of these idiots from high school have something to say, like it’s any of their business. Most of these people didn’t even talk to me in school. I don’t recognize some names, but apparently, everyone knows who we are. 
The last photo is another of Paige and Deacon. All freaking thirty-six pictures were of them. But this one is more genuine. It’s reminiscent of Aralie’s photo of Milo and me. I bet Paige sweet talked him and told him to look cute so she could post it on Facebook immediately.
Yes, Facebook. I do want to remove myself from the photo. Just like all of the other ones. I wish I could remove these images from my mind altogether. I wish I could remove Paige and Deacon from my life for good. If only you could unfriend, delete, and block people in reality like you can on social media accounts. 
I sign off and push my laptop away. I want to cry. And I can’t tell anyone that I want to cry because everyone will take it the wrong way. 
I’m not sad because of Deacon, and I definitely don’t want him. I’m so beyond over him. I’ve been over him because he’s an idiot. In fact, I want him to move on with some other girl so everyone can gawk over her and forget about me. 
I’m sad about Paige. Because she was supposed to be my friend. Because she was the only one who stuck by me. Because lockdown happened and she knows I’ve been lying to her so she did this to me in retaliation. But most of all, I’m sad because the one person who I thought would always be there turned out to be someone who was never truly my friend in the first place. 
Ugh. I need to vent and cry and curse and scream, and I can’t because Mom and Aralie will think I’m hurt over Deacon. I can’t tell Milo because that’d just be stupid. No one tells the new guy about anything that relates to the old guy. I just need to be mad about Paige. 
And I know who will let me. 

Noah carries a glass of strawberry milk outside with us. He’s already heard from Mom. She panicked over breakfast when she saw the photos. Luckily Noah and Benji were the only ones in the room with her at the time. 
We sit on our lounge chair from last night. Less than twenty-four hours ago, Noah forced Milo to swap seats with him so I’d stop stealing his fries. I wish I could just rewind all of it. I’d still take his fries, but I wouldn’t have logged onto Facebook this morning. 
“So, let’s talk about it,” Noah says after one sip. 
I can’t wait to brag to the Saturnites of the world that Noah actually talks to me before he finishes his glass of strawberry milk each morning. Milo told me that lockdown has been the only time he’s ever seen Noah talk before finishing his milk. It makes me happy, like I have a real friend who’ll let me ramble about life and cry on his shoulder even though it disrupts his morning milk intake. 
“I hate my life,” I say. I sound just like Emery. “Paige is a backstabber, Deacon is the biggest idiot alive, and everyone in this freaking town is laughing at me.”
“Umm,” Noah says. “I’m not laughing.”
Why does it feel like the world is crashing down around me? After prom, I thought things couldn’t get much worse. Then lockdown happened, and my summer was cancelled. And Paige backstabbed me and made a mockery of me. I admit – lockdown hasn’t been bad. Lockdown is going to end, though. What will happen then? Yeah, I like to believe it’ll all work out and there’ll be a happily ever after, but when does that really ever happen?
“You know what you need?” Noah asks.
 I look up from my own self-pity. His green eyes stare back at me through his messy dark hair. I didn’t think he could look any more punk rocker when he got here, but in two weeks, he’s grunged up a lot. He looks more ‘bad boy’ than Jules does. I hope his stylist never makes him wear old man golf shorts again. They’re so not Noah. 
 “What do I need, Noah?” I ask, as much as I don’t want to hear his goofy answer, whatever it may be.
 “A new best friend,” he says. “You know, someone who listens to your problems, even when he hasn’t had his milk yet. Someone who keeps your new boyfriend a secret from everyone, even though it makes him look like an idiot sometimes. Or – best yet – someone who still covers for you after you pull him into the pool...fully dressed.”
For what feels like the first time in ages, I laugh. Noah’s right. I need a new best friend, and he’s more than proven himself. Besides, if I’m going to make this thing with Milo work, I might as well finally let Noah in the loop because they’re a package deal of sorts. 
“None of this will matter after lockdown anyway,” Noah says. “Your life is gonna change so much. These people are going to feel like idiots.”
Aralie’s face flashes through my mind. She’ll find too much pleasure in posting her lockdown pictures when this is over. I can’t even blame her. I hope she tags me in every single one of them. So what if I haven’t been one-hundred percent honest this summer? I couldn’t be. My entire family has had to lie to protect Spaceships Around Saturn. The government made us do it.
“You know what else?” Noah asks, placing a hand on my back like I’m Emery’s age and in need of comfort. 
I glance up and wait for his next monologue. Poor guy. He doesn’t realize I’m agreeing with everything he says in my brain. 
“What?” I ask.
“Not to get all bromantic on you or anything,” he says. “But Milo is a hell of a lot hotter than that thing you dated before.”
“You’re right,” I say. “That’s not bromantic at all.”
Noah laughs and opens his mouth to say something, but the words never come. He watches behind me, through the patio door. Then he quickly looks away. 
“Your boy’s up,” he says. “He just walked into the kitchen with Tate.”
I can’t see Milo. Not yet. I can’t face him when I’m still a mess of nerves and anger about Paige. I can’t tell him why I’m upset, and I know myself well enough to know that I can’t just fake it until I make it. I can’t let him think for half a second that I’m upset over Deacon. This is not the time for wrong impressions. 
“I can’t see him,” I tell Noah. “I need a few hours to just…get my thoughts straight about Paige. Just to be mad and then calm down. I know, it’s stupid, but maybe it’s a girl thing. I just can’t face him yet. I don’t want him to know anything’s wrong.”
Noah takes a huge gulp of his milk, chugging a third of the glass at once. 
“I’ll distract him,” he says, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “Give me a minute to get in there. Then you can slip in and go back upstairs. I’ll keep him away for as long as I can.”
“You’re the best,” I say. 
He laughs. “Just remember that next time you want to push or pull me into the pool.”

I watch Noah through the glass door as he makes his way over to Milo. He talks with his hands. Milo’s mouth scrunches to one side. Maybe Noah is pitching some big songwriting idea to him or a concept for their next music video. Whatever it is, Milo’s deep thinking. 
Emery rushes out onto the patio before I can go inside. I hope she doesn’t expect me to watch Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama today. Or make friendship bracelets. Or draw more Saturn hearts with rings on posters. 
“Chloe!” she shouts. “Do you know what today is?” 
Yes, Emery, I do. Today is the one day of lockdown where I want to avoid all things Saturn and all things Milo…at least until midnight.
“What is today?” I ask. 
She crosses her arms and glares at me. “You better notta forgot!”
The galaxies align and shoot stars and fireworks across the universe. 
“Of course not,” I say, realizing that I’m utterly screwed. “I’d never forget your birthday.”
23 | Over
I manage to get inside, up the stairs, and almost to my bedroom door. I don’t make the journey alone, though. The one and only Benji Baccarini follows me. For this to be Emery’s birthday – aka the day she gets anything and everything she wants – I’m surprised she’s not behind us. 
He falls back on my bed, stretches out, and makes himself too much at home. Even with as many times as Milo has stepped into my bedroom, it feels weird having Benji in here. It doesn’t matter if I’ve been on lockdown with him for two weeks. He’s still intangible to me. He’s still Benji Bikini. He’s been on Emery’s bedroom walls for over a year. Having him in my bedroom takes surreal to a whole new level.
“So, I think I know how I want the rocket,” Benji says, holding his arm out. “Third time’s a charm, eh?”
I’ve drawn and redrawn and redrawn his rocket ship – on his arm, on paper, on the inside cover of his tattoo magazine. He maps out exactly what he wants along his forearm. I grab my bag of Sharpies and don’t even bother telling him I’ll do it later. I need a distraction, and Benji is as good as any other. 
After ten minutes, Benji sighs loudly. I glance up from his arm and the rocket I’ve drawn too many times. 
“Your friend really sucks,” he says. “Ms. Shelly showed Noah and me the pics this morning. What a bitch to do that to you.”
The rest of this town may not be on my side, but Benji Baccarini and Noah Winters are. 
“It’ll work out,” I say. I don’t sound very convincing, though. “Aralie will blow up Facebook once lockdown is over and post every picture she has.”
“Dude! Hit me up on Twitter too,” he says. “I’ll retweet all the freaking time.”
Emery rushes into my bedroom. “And tweet about me!” she yells. 
I keep a tight grip on my Sharpie as Emery bounces onto the end of the bed. She turns her back to us and fiddles with the magnets on my file cabinet. After they’ve been rearranged to her satisfaction, she looks back. 
“I need you to come downstairs with me,” she says. “Both of you. It’s my birthday, and I want to play a game with everybody.”
I color in the rest of the rocket quickly, and then Emery leads us down to Dad’s game room, where the rest of Spaceships Around Saturn plus Aralie have gathered. Noah sits next to Milo, on the far side of the room. I sit with Benji, closest to the doorway. 
Emery skips toward the center of the room and steps up on the coffee table. 
“For my birthday, I want us to play house,” she says. “And Benji is going to marry me.”
Oh God. I cannot sit through playing house with Emery. This is just opening up a can of mutant worms from another planet, and her little now-six-year-old brain has no clue. You can’t marry people off when romances are happening behind closed doors. 
“Aralie can marry Jules,” Emery says. “Because Mom says you guys fight like a married couple all the time.” 
Aralie jumps up from the sectional, leaving her spot next to Tate. 
“I’m not marrying Jules,” she says. “I can’t and I won’t. There’s no way.”
 “Fine,” Emery says through clenched teeth. She sits on the table beneath her. “Just marry Tate then.”
Emery’s eyebrows pull together, and her eyes turn to small slits. Why is she so angry that Aralie won’t marry Jules? I get it, it’s Emery’s birthday and she gets her way, but who really cares if Aralie marries Jules in a game of house? She’s hooking up with Tate anyway. It’s only right that she “marries” him. 
Aralie resumes her spot next to Tate, and Emery’s shoulders slump as she sighs. 
“Chloe,” Emery says. Oh this is it. She’s about to reveal my fate. “You can marry Milo since he was naked in your bedroom.”
I never thought a day would come where I’d want to avoid Milo, but today is that day. I just can’t handle it yet. My mind is still wrecked from Paige. I haven’t had time to thoroughly cry or break things or rip up pictures of her. 
“I don’t think so,” Noah says. “Milo wasn’t naked in Chloe’s room, and it’s not fair to force them on each other just because of a misunderstanding. Plus it just makes things awkward, so I’ll marry Chloe and give Milo a break.”
“Oh you will?” Milo asks. 
The expression on his face kills me. It’s a look of confusion. Maybe hurt. Maybe betrayal?
Noah gives him a “you know better” look that I don’t think anyone else picks up on. He stares at Milo the way Benji and Jules stare at each other when they’re relaying cosmic messages. 
“I was just trying to defend you,” Noah says. “You can have Chloe if you want her.”
“No,” Milo says. “I think you’re right. It’s just awkward. She’s all yours.”
Well, that hurts. There’s a sting in his voice. He’s mad. What does he want me to do? Announce over Emery’s birthday cake that we’ve been sneaking out together at midnight for two weeks? Ugh. I can’t even look at him. I stare at the fake rocket tattoo on Benji’s arm instead. 
Emery stands up and walks around the room. She stops in front of Jules. 
“Since Aralie won’t marry you, I guess you can be my dog,” she says. 
Aralie’s laughter echoes throughout our entire house. I bring my legs up onto the sectional, pull my knees toward my chest, and bury my face so I can’t see anyone else. I don’t want to see Milo flip out on Emery when she tells him that he can be my and Noah’s pet. 
Jules shouts that there’s no way in hell he’s being a dog. Aralie makes a snide remark that he can date Milo. Then Noah asks if gay marriage is even legal in our state. 
I turn my head and look at Benji. He slouches next to me on the sectional, examining the rocket on his arm like he’s making changes again in his mind. 
“I quit!” Jules yells. “I’m not playing this stupid game. I don’t care what day it is.”
“Aww,” Aralie taunts. “You’re such a bad sport, Jules.”
“Then you be her damn dog, and I’ll kiss Tate,” he says. 
I glance up just in time to see Jules fly past me. Benji runs after him while Aralie giggles and whispers something to Tate. 
Emery stands up and stomps out of the room behind the bromance of Jenji. So much for playing house. For once, I’m thankful Jules is an ass. 

A few hours and one long nap later, I successfully close the lid on the shoebox of Paige photos. After lockdown, I’m finding a really awesome bonfire and adding Paige’s face to the flames. I slide the box under my bed when someone knocks on my door. 
“Hey,” Noah says. “Can I come in?”
I tell him it’s open as I sit on the bed. He walks in with Emery’s extra-large birthday card in his hand. Milo is with him. 
“You want to sign the card we made?” Noah asks, sitting down next to me. 
I unfold the poster-sized card and read over the goofy birthday messages to Emery. I scribble something along the lines of hoping she has the best birthday ever, that I love her, and how I’m glad she gets to spend the big six with ‘Benji Bikini.’ 
“Awesome, thanks,” Noah says. He turns to Milo. “C’mon dude, let’s go find Aralie and get her to sign it.”
“Go on,” Milo says. “I’ll be there in a minute.”
Noah lingers in the doorway with Emery’s card. He mouths ‘sorry’ to me before he disappears down the hallway. I hear a knock on Aralie’s door, and Noah’s voice fades out as he goes into her bedroom. 
“Hey you,” Milo says, walking over to the bed. “What’s up?”
He sits next to me, and everything about him consumes me for the zillionth time this summer. That sexy boyish smell. His ever-so-caramelized eyes. The way he scrunches his mouth to one side when he’s thinking. 
I decide to try the whole nonchalant, ‘nothing is happening’ vibe. I simply shrug my shoulders and shake my head. He doesn’t need to know what’s up.
“Chloe, you’re a terrible liar,” he says. “It’s been written all over your face all day. Talk to me. Something’s up. I can see it.”
Just tell him, Chloe. Be honest. Paige made out (and possibly more) with your ex-boyfriend, took pictures of it, uploaded them to Facebook, and tagged you in every last one. Just say it. She ruined your day, and she made you look like an idiot. It’s about Paige. All about Paige. Just tell him. He’ll understand. He’s logical and rational and understanding and amazing. Just say it.
“Everything’s fine, really,” I lie again. “I’m just tired.”
He watches me for a moment, probably trying to read my face and figure out why I’m lying to him. He knows I’m lying, but I can’t force myself to spit the truth out. It’ll come out all wrong, and then he’ll get the wrong idea, and I’ll lose him. 
“What were you and Noah talking about earlier? Outside?” he asks, looking down at the blankets on my bed. 
He tugs at a loose string on the top cover and avoids eye contact with me. 
“Just about last night…and stuff.” I don’t even believe myself anymore. 
Milo is right – I’m a terrible liar. I feel like I’m in an awful comic strip with a huge speech bubble in front of my mouth that just says, “Lie. Lie. Lie. Oh look, another lie.”
“Just stop,” he says. “Is this about me? Or us? You’ve been avoiding me all day, and don’t you dare say you haven’t because you know as well as I do that you’ve practically been running from me.”
He looks as confused and sad as Mom did when she lectured me about smoking cigarettes and how smoking wasn’t the answer to solving my problems. But Milo isn’t going to come to my rescue this time. Damn it. Why can’t I just be honest and spit out the words? You speak with words, Chloe. Words! Remember? 
“So you are avoiding me,” he says in response to my silence. “That’s why Noah’s been holding me back all day. He’s the decoy, the distraction, right?”
He jumps up from my bed, like it’s suddenly poisonous and he can’t come into contact with it. He takes a few steps back. I’ve never seen him this mad. 
“Let me guess,” he says. “Noah knows what’s going on, and he’s supposed to break it to me later. Let me down gently, right? You know, if you didn’t want to be with me, all you had to do was say it.”
Oh my God. No, no, no, no, no. This is not happening. This is all just a huge, massive, gigantic misunderstanding. This is a thousand times worse than mistaken nudity – and I thought nothing could be worse than mistaken nudity.
“No,” I finally say. Finally, words! “You’ve got this all wrong, Milo.”
“Oh really?” he shoots back. “From where I’m standing, it looks pretty clear. You know, this is why management doesn’t want us in relationships. Too much drama. Too much trouble. This was stupid. I don’t know why I thought I could actually make this work with you.”
He paces the rug, shaking his head, for a moment. And then he laughs. 
“I’m so stupid,” he says. “I knew better than to ever let this happen. Don’t bother getting Noah to break up with me for you. I don’t need him to let me down easy. It’s okay. I can handle it. It’s over. We’re over. And I’m counting down the minutes until this lockdown is over so I can walk away from this for good.”
He slams my door behind him. 
And I still have no words. No sounds. 
Just a floodgate that bursts open and the river of tears behind it. 
24 | Spilling Secrets like Strawberry Milk
I check my face one last time in the mirror. The tears have subsided, but I don’t want any trace of them left on my face. I recoat my eyeliner before heading downstairs for Emery’s birthday dinner. 
Benji sits at the end of the table with an empty seat next to him. I already know it’s reserved for Emery. Luckily, the seat directly across from him is empty. Noah sits next to the empty chair. I don’t look at anyone else as I make a beeline for the end of the table. 
“Hey eldest one,” Dad says as I rush past him. “You feeling old now that Emery is six?”
“Are you feeling old now that I’ve graduated high school?” I ask in return. 
Dad laughs. “Nice comeback,” he says. “You’re finally learning.”
“Benji taught me,” I say as I readjust my chair so I can’t see Milo on the other side of Noah.
Mom calls for Emery, who wanted to make a grand entrance. As usual, I held her up being late for her dinner. Everyone watches the archway for her to enter, but Noah looks over at me. 
He mouths the words ‘what happened?’ and motions his head toward Milo as nonchalantly as he can. He sort of looks like he’s having a spasm.
I don’t have a chance to even semi-answer. 
“Good news, everyone,” Dad interrupts. “We have a suspect in custody in regards to the shooting, and we believe he worked alone. We’re still in the interrogation process, but if all goes as planned, you guys should be able to get back on tour in a few days.”
Why is it that everyone seems to think that official government matters are clearly more important than the destruction of “Chloe and Milo” as we were? 
Now we’re separate. Just Chloe. Just Milo. An Earth girl. A Saturn boy. Unaligned.
In between the “hell yeah!” shouts and high fives, I completely drown in the realization that lockdown is about to end. The guys will leave, Noah won’t be my new BFF, Milo will never speak to me again, and Benji might say ‘hi’ on Twitter every few months. I’ll go on to college and return to a mundane existence, always wondering what could’ve been. 
Emery emerges and silences everyone upon her entrance. She wears Benji’s SLUT T-shirt, which hangs to her shins. She holds a mask up to her face. It’s a mask of…Benji. Except she’s cut his eyes and mouth out of the magazine pin-up. And she’s glued his face to a giant popsicle stick. I’ve never seen Benji Baccarini look so utterly creepy. I can’t even laugh.
“It’s my birthday,” Emery says in a deep voice. 
“Emery, what are you doing?” Mom asks. “Get that off of your face.”
“My name isn’t Emery,” she says. “I’m Benji Baccarini.”
Her typical fit of giggles explodes from her mouth and through the cut-out mouthpiece of her Benji mask. Her laughter bounces off the walls in the dining room.
She skips over to the empty chair next to the real Benji and climbs atop. She looks around at us and smiles the brightest of all smiles. Her teeth glisten through the hole in Benji’s face. This would be hilarious if it was two months ago. 
Instead, it’s cringe-worthy because we’re on lockdown with Spaceships Around Saturn, and Benji is sitting directly across from me. And really, Benji is the last thing on my mind. I’d gladly replace the mental image of Milo with Benji if my brain and heart would let me.
Emery clears her throat while Mom grabs pizza boxes from the kitchen. Obviously Emery doesn’t go very high-class for her birthday dinner. Then again, I shouldn’t expect much from the kid who is wearing Benji’s SLUT shirt. 
“This is the best birthday ever,” Emery announces. “I’m so happy that you guys got to be here with me. Lockdown has been the best time of my life. Except for when Milo was naked in Chloe’s room.”
Dad’s eyes bulge. “What is she talking about?” he demands to know.
“Oh God,” Aralie says. “Dad, it was a huuuuuuge misunderstanding. Milo had clothes on, and Emery was being a freak.”
Dad ignores Aralie and turns to Mom. 
“She’s right, Scott,” Mom agrees. “Emery just misunderstood something and really blew it out of proportion. It was absolutely nothing.”
Dear creatures of Saturn, Hey, remember me? Chloe from planet Earth? Um, I’m still waiting on you guys to inject me with the infection that destroyed Jules’s face. I sort of need it right now. I can’t wait any longer. Sincerely, Chloe Branson
Dad doesn’t buy Mom’s casual attitude toward the mistaken nudity.
“How can…” Dad stops and shakes his head. “How do you mistake someone being naked in our daughter’s bedroom? How could Emery possibly misunderstand that?”
“Are you kidding me?” Aralie shouts. “Dad, really, this is Chloe you’re talking about. She’s the perfect daughter, remember? And Milo’s harmless. He’s the least likely of all of them to end up naked in anyone’s bedroom!”
“Aralie, I just asked–” Dad says. 
But she cuts him off. 
“Seriously, Dad,” Aralie says, pushing her chair back. “How can you even begin to think Emery knows what she’s talking about? Look at her!”
She slings her arm out, knocking Tate in the chest, and points at Emery. 
Emery’s angry, squinted eyes pierce through the holes of her Benji mask. Her lips pucker up like she’s being forced to kiss the ugliest boy in the first grade and she’s pissed about it. 
“Well,” Jules speaks up. “As interesting and dramatic as our time here has been, I can definitely say that I’m glad lockdown is nearly over. I’m ready to get back on the road, back on stage…”
“And back on Twitter,” Benji says, finishing Jules’s sentence. 
Jules laughs. “Yeah, back to a life where people do my laundry for me.”
From now on, I think “laundry” should be the L-word. Forget about ‘love.’ Laundry should be a taboo topic or a curse word. It should be something that when talked about, everyone gasps and can’t believe someone would dare mention it. 
“Okay, I can’t do this,” Aralie says, standing up. “I’m so sick of you doing this to me. It’s not funny, and you’re not cute, and all it does is piss me off.”
“Hey, you know I was just kid–” Jules only gets half of the word out of his mouth.
“No!” Aralie yells back. “You weren’t kidding! You love to throw it in my face that 6.9 million girls want you and that I should be so damn grateful that you give me the time of day. But you know what?”
“Don’t,” Jules says, sliding his chair back. “You said we’d wait to do this.”
Aralie slams her chair back into its place under the table. 
“We would’ve waited if you hadn’t mentioned your godforsaken laundry again!” she screams. “You’re the one who comes begging me to watch movies with you all hours of the night. Or what about ‘Babe, just one more sunrise, please?’ Do you know how much sleep I’ve given up to spend time with you?”
Oh. My. God. Aralie and Jules?! 
“Hey,” Tate says, reaching out and grabbing Aralie’s arm. “It’s okay. Just calm down.”
“Oh, I know you didn’t just go there,” she says. “You – you, Tate freaking Kingsley – were supposed to be on my side. I should’ve known as soon as this came out, you’d run to defend Jules. You’re such a coward, and if I find your head on my door one more time, I will end you!”
Holy Saturn, I am dying here. I can’t even get my brain around this. Have I seriously been that wrapped up in Milo Grayson that I missed out on everything? Milo was right – it was Jules the entire freaking time. So Tate was a decoy? Oh God. Tate is her Noah. He was in the loop. He probably played it up and acted all friendly with her so no one would suspect that she was really sneaking around with the bad boy who smells like crushed ladybugs. Jules isn’t a third wheel – Tate is.
Benji leans his chair back and opens his mouth, but Aralie is a line of nuclear bombs, exploding one by one. 
“Don’t speak,” she demands. “You’ve bitched and moaned enough for everyone during lockdown, and you’ve covered the fridge with your pointless ramblings.”
“You gave me the note cards,” Benji shoots back. 
“Yeah,” she agrees. “To shut you up. And it didn’t work.”
Noah cracks up beside me, and Aralie turns her attention to him. 
“Oh God, “ she groans. “Jules may be a jerkoff, Tate may be a traitor, and Benji may be a diva, but you are the most annoying person I’ve ever met, and that says a lot with Chloe’s bitchy backstabbing friends.”
“What did I ever do to you?” Noah asks. 
He tries to do that whole offended and hurt bit, but he looks just like he did the day that I pushed him into the pool. His dimples show through, and it’s just enough to piss you off even more when you’re already ill with him. 
“What don’t you do?” Aralie asks. “You’re a drama queen over your stupid milk, and you think you’re hilarious with all your sarcastic comments and inside jokes with Chloe.”
Then she points at Milo.
“And I don’t know what you’ve done, but I’m sure you’ve done something!” she shouts at him. 
Ohhhh yes, he’s done something. He’s completely shattered my heart. Get him, Aralie.
Noah sighs. “Don’t trip on Milo,” he says. “He doesn’t even talk to you.”
“Shut up!” Aralie shouts. “I don’t give a damn if you’re hooking up with my sister. I don’t like you, and you’re annoying, and hopefully she’ll see it too so she can dump your ass.”
She runs toward the kitchen, jerks the patio door back, and takes off in a dash outside. She disappears behind the privacy fence that surrounds the pool.
“Ms. Shelly, Mr. Scott,” Noah says next to me. “I’m not hooking up with Chloe. She’s great and all, and we’re friends, but that’s it.”
“Yeah,” Emery agrees through her Benji mask. “Noah doesn’t sneak out with her at night. Milo does.”
I’m certain my heart just ruptured into little pieces of broken planets and dying stars. Why haven’t those stupid Saturn creatures put me out of my misery yet?! They clearly aren’t going to come through for me any time soon.
So I do the only thing I can. 
I jump up, run through the kitchen, slam the patio door, and chase after Aralie.
25 | Here Comes a Scarf
The dew clings to my flip flops as I rush through the grass toward the treehouse. Of all places, Aralie just had to choose my and Milo’s late night spot to escape to. I thought she’d be rebellious. I figured she would leave the house and crash some party. Instead, she hides here. 
This is pretty much the last place I want to be, but I steady myself and climb the ladder. Okay, scratch that. I’d rather be here than in our dining room facing Milo right now.
Aralie looks over her shoulder at me when I climb up. 
“Thank God it’s you,” she says. “If you’d been Tate Kingsley, I’d have decapitated you and really stuck your head on a door.”
“You weren’t the one putting his head on my door?” I ask. “Emery said you put it there, so I just stuck it back on yours.”
“No,” she says, sitting on the black beanbag. “Why would I do that? Emery said you started it because Tate was always hanging out with me.”
I’m starting to get the feeling that Emery is more involved in the Saturnized shenanigans than I thought to give her credit for. Tate’s head was probably her idea from the beginning.
Aralie leans back and stares at the wooden ceiling. She looks defeated, which is so rare for her. She never lets anyone get under her skin. Maybe that’s why she likes Jules. He can get to her even if she doesn’t want him to.
“We used to come out here every morning,” she says. “I swear, I’ll never be able to step into this thing again without imagining sunrises and smelling cigarettes.”
I’ll never be able to come up here without thinking of fireflies and hearing Milo’s guitar. I’d have never thought that Aralie would be in this very treehouse with a Saturn boy too. She watched the bleeding butterflies with Jules while Milo sang about them to me. 
“All that time, I thought it was Tate,” I admit. I sit on the lime green beanbag next to her. “I just figured it couldn’t be Jules with the way you guys fight.”
Just as I think she’s about to spill her guts about Tate, Jules, and all things Saturn, the ladder creaks and little footsteps follow. Emery’s head pokes up into the treehouse, minus her Benji mask. She crawls in, and Mom’s voice floats up into the room.
I get up and walk over to Emery, who is still looking down at Mom. I see why – Mom’s arms are full with a pizza box and six-pack of Dr. Pepper. I reach down to gather our dinner, and Mom climbs up to assess the emotional damage. 
“Are you girls okay?” she asks. 
Her sympathetic-mom-voice is back, but this time, it’s not just aimed at me. In fact, Aralie doesn’t even know that I’m included in the sadness yet. She still thinks I’m hooking up with Noah, and all is well in my world.
I just nod my head because I don’t want to talk about the guys. Aralie must feel the same way because she nods and cracks open a Dr. Pepper can. 
“Emery wanted to join you guys,” Mom says. “She said she spends every birthday with her sisters, and she wasn’t going to stay with a bunch of jerkfaces who were mean to them.”
“Yeah,” Emery says, pulling her rug over then sitting next to me. “I even left Benji. Stupid jerkfaces.”
“Well,” Mom says. “If you’re all okay up here, I’m going to get back to the house because your dad was refereeing when I left, and I may not have a dining room once I get back.”
As much as I want to question her, I don’t because Emery is here, and I haven’t had a chance to tell Aralie about Milo. I’d rather not have her hear it from Mom. 
Once Mom is gone, Aralie continues our conversation over Dr. Pepper and pizza. 
“But yeah, like I was saying,” she says. “I adore my orange scarf. It’s really cute and fun, but it’s kind of loud and can get on my nerves at times. You know, itchy fabric and all. It’s the scarf you wear when you’re hanging out with your best friend.”
I shoot her a smile over my Dr. Pepper can. Tate was completely a decoy.
“So you prefer your black scarf then?” I ask, bringing the topic back around to Jules. 
“Definitely,” she says. “I mean, it’s dark and sort of moody, but it matches everything. It fits me so well. I know it clashes with my band tees because they’re black too, but it’s like that scarf just gets me and my style, you know? I can wear it anywhere, kind of like your red scarf.”
That’s my cue. I don’t imagine Noah’s essence as red, though.
“Um, not exactly,” I say. “My red scarf is like your orange scarf. It’s good for best friend days, but it’s not the one I’d sneak out of the house wearing at midnight.”
Aralie’s eyes widen. “Which scarf would you wear at midnight?” she asks, leaning forward in total serious-mode. 
“My blue scarf,” I say. “Blue is subtle and serious and…”
“Boring,” Emery says with her mouth full. “Can we talk about something else? This is my birthday, and I don’t wanna talk about those stupid boys.”
The gig is up. Emery really does know. I don’t know what she knows or how she knows, but she spilled my Milo secret moments ago inside. She definitely knows. 
Aralie sighs. “Have you heard us say their names? No. We’re talking about clothes and accessories.”
“No, you’re not,” Emery says. “No one wears a scarf in the summer. It’s too hot.”
“Blue scarf…” Aralie says to herself, ignoring Emery’s argument. 
Does she really even have to debate it? How many times has Emery called Milo ‘boring’ this summer? I’ve lost count. Then again, she was trapped in between Halloween colors, so maybe she didn’t see through it after all. 
“Oh come on, Air,” I say. “Emery has had the green one all to herself, so process of elimination.”
“Yeah,” Emery agrees. “Benji is mine so Milo is Chloe’s. Gosh.”
Aralie slams her face into the palm of her hand. 
“I am such an idiot,” she says. “That makes sense. He’s totally your type, and he looked all happy and in love in those pictures the other night. Oh my God. I even said he could pass for your boyfriend! I didn’t know he actually was.”
Was. That’s correct, Aralie. Past tense. No longer current. That was just last night on our patio before we launched our wish lanterns. Before Milo brought me right here to this very treehouse and asked me to dance while he sang about un-shattering my heart. Before he blew up in my bedroom today and ended us forever. 
Emery releases a deep, heavy breath. It sounds like relief. 
“Finally,” she mumbles. “I was sick of keeping those secrets. I didn’t even tell Benji.”
“What secrets?” Aralie asks. 
Emery pushes her plate and can away from her, like she’s about to present some big demonstration and needs as much room as possible.
“I know that you have a signed poster of Jules inside your closet,” she says. “I saw him give it to you that night. You stuck your head out of your door and whispered, ‘Daaaa cooooast is cleeeeeaaaarrrrr,’ and he ran into your room.”
Her face even moves in slow motion as she reenacts Aralie opening the door, poking her head out, and whispering to Jules. 
“I never said the coast was clear,” Aralie says. “I told him to hurry up before someone saw him. You should’ve been asleep anyway.”
Emery shrugs. “Milo gave Chloe his T-shirt,” she says. “He walked down to her room holding it, and I was scared he was gonna be naked in her bedroom again, but he had pants on.”
I don’t even question why she’s awake at odd hours of the night. She probably stays up just to spy on us. I can’t even defend myself against her mistaken nudity accusations anymore. I’m tired of fighting and keeping secrets and lying to everyone about everything. 
And then I remember Mom’s referee comment. 
“What do you think happened with the guys?” I ask. “Why would Dad have to play referee?”
I’m glad Dad is back tonight. Godfrey turned in early, as much as he hated to miss Emery’s birthday dinner, but I think lockdown exhausts him. He couldn’t have handled Aralie’s eruption or Emery’s Benji mask or the backlash that may have happened after Aralie and I bolted for the treehouse. 
Emery pipes up again. “Jules yelled at Milo. Then Noah got mad at Jules, and they got in a fight. Dad and Benji had to break it up.”
I ran too soon. Part of me wants to run back to the house right now so 1) I can make sure Noah is okay but also 2) I can get details as to what in the hell happened after I left. 
Aralie sighs. “Boys will be boys,” she says. “I’m surprised Benji didn’t jump in on the action and throw punches too.”
Emery shakes her head. 
“Benji was nice,” she says. “He told them not to fight because it was my birthday, and they were ruining it. But he’s still their best friend, so I had to leave him too.”
I reach out and snatch Emery up in a tight, squeezy hug. I don’t care if she thinks Milo was naked in my room. She can be a traitor and like Harry Styles. She can even lie about why Tate’s head is on my door. Right now, she’s freshly-six-years-old, and her birthday celebration was ruined thanks to her favorite boy band and their drama with her older sisters. 
Aralie tackles us and kisses Emery on the cheek. Emery laughs and tells us that we’re annoying just like Tate and Noah, but she giggles until we hear the ladder creak again. 
We pull apart instantly and sit perfectly still. I can’t even hear myself breathe. I knew it’d come down to this. Someone would eventually come out here to offer an apology on behalf of the band. 
Then Emery says exactly what we’re all thinking.
“Uh oh. Here comes a scarf.”
26 | Midnight
“Quick,” Aralie says. “Who do you think it is?”
“Orange,” I say.
“No, green,” Aralie says. 
“Blue!” Emery exclaims. 
The three of us sit practically in a row, like baby ducks, waiting for whichever Saturn boy it is to make his appearance. Cue the dramatic music. 
Emery shouts that she’s the winner as soon as Milo pops up from the ladder. I’d have given anything for it to be Tate and his stupid always-laughing self. Or even Jules and his crushed ladybug scent. Anyone but Milo. He has no right to even step into the treehouse anymore. 
He lingers on the ladder and doesn’t actually come in. He stares at us like he’s forgotten how to speak. Words, Milo. You speak with words. 
“I’ve never had stage fright before,” he finally says. 
He climbs in, and I have half a mind to push him back into the black hole that will suck him back to the ground. Gravity would be on my side tonight. 
He stands for a moment, still watching us, then finally kneels down across from Emery. 
“You’d think performing in front of thousands of people each night would prepare you for public speaking, but um, I kind of want to throw up looking at you guys right now,” he says.
Aralie coughs. 
“Not much of a charmer, are you, Milo?” she asks.
“I didn’t want to be the one to come out here,” he admits. “You were right when you said I’d probably done something to screw up. I really…royally…messed up.”
He glances at me for half a second before hanging his head to avoid eye contact. I’m glad he does. I can’t handle seeing his eyes right now. I’ll never eat caramel candy again. 
“Emery,” he says, looking up at my baby sister. “On behalf of Spaceships Around Saturn, I’m sorry we ruined your birthday dinner. We should’ve behaved better because you’ve been nice enough to share your birthday with us.”
Emery sighs and looks at him with sad eyes and pouty lips. 
“It’s okay,” she says with a heavy breath. “I just don’t like jerkfaces being mean to my sisters.”
“You’re right,” he says. “We shouldn’t have said some of the things we’ve said today, and I don’t know about the other guys, but I have a lot of groveling to do later, if your oldest sister will let me.”
Emery’s forehead crinkles like a piece of bacon.
“I don’t know what you just said,” she tells him. “But whatever that is, you better do it.”
“Oh, don’t worry. I will,” he assures her.
He stands up and looks around the treehouse. I’m not sure if he has more to say to Emery or if he’s waiting for one of us to speak up. Maybe he’s thinking about all of the other times he’s been in here and how those days were better than today. Maybe he’s thinking of a maple leaf with a heart inside of it or singing the lyrics of “Bleeding Butterflies” inside his head. 
“So, Emery,” he says. “You think you could come back inside and blow out your candles? Your mom worked pretty hard on that cake, and I don’t want to end up disappointing her too. I’ve done enough of that today.”
Aralie grabs the pizza box and tells Emery to help her carry the stuff back to the house. I don’t move as Emery passes stuff down the black hole to Aralie. Milo lingers around. I keep hoping he’ll go back to the house instead of waiting for us.
“Alright, Em,” Aralie calls up. “Let’s go.”
Emery glances over at Milo, then at me, and looks back down the hole, steadily shaking her head at Aralie. 
“I wanna hear what this boring jerkface has to say,” Emery says through her teeth. 
She’s anything but discreet. She folds her arms across her chest, taps her foot a few times to let Milo know that she’s waiting, and stares into us like she’s trying to shoot space lasers from her eyeballs. 
“Emery!” Aralie shouts. “Get down here now!”
Emery stomps her foot and growls before climbing down. She mumbles something about it being her birthday and how unfair this is before her voice fades into the night. 
“Can I have a minute?” Milo asks, as soon as he’s sure we’re alone. 
My eyes follow him as he walks toward me. He sits on the black beanbag that Aralie just abandoned and waits for my answer. 
“What happened to counting down the minutes until you could be away from me forever?” I ask, turning my eyes back to the wall because I can’t handle this. 
“I screwed up,” he says. He reaches over and runs his hand along my arm. “I screwed up in the worst ways.”
I pull my arm back to myself. He’s not telling me anything that I don’t already know. I prop my arms against my knees and bury my face so I won’t have to look at him. If I see his face right now, I’ll burst into tears, and I refuse to break…at least while I’m alone in the treehouse with him.
“You have every right to be mad at me,” he says. “I’m mad at me too.”
Silence swallows us for a few minutes, aside from the night crowd singing “Alien Morse Code.” I bet the crickets and toads know by now. They woke up as the sun fell out of the sky and read the headlines about Milo and me. This is their tribute to all we were before today. This is their goodbye song. The fireflies are probably dancing around with their light bulbs turned off, refusing to flicker so they don’t shine upon the leftover pieces of my already-broken heart. 
“Will you meet me tonight?” Milo asks, shattering the silence. “I know you probably don’t want to, but can I at least have a chance to explain? To beg and plead?”
I do want to hear what he has to say. I want to know what was going through his stupid brain earlier today when he flipped out and made assumptions that made zero sense. I want to know if he knows the truth – about Paige and the photos. 
But the logical part of my mind says that I should just let it go. Lockdown is going to end as soon as Dad’s colleagues finish questioning this guy in custody. Milo will go back on tour, and he’ll meet some supermodel or pretty new actress trying to make it in Hollywood, and I’ll be a memory. I’ll be a flicker in the night. I’ll be a bleeding butterfly who fizzled out and gave all of her color to the world. I’ll just be the girl from lockdown who was good with a Sharpie. 
“I’ll think about it,” I say. I stand up and walk past him. “Emery’s waiting.”

Emery sits at the table with her giant turquoise birthday cake in front of her. It’s shaped like a seashell, and I’m sure she’d have preferred a Saturn-shaped cake, but Mom bought the seashell pan a month ago when Emery was obsessing over mermaids.
She requests that the guys sing happy birthday to her, which works for us because no one wants to attempt to sing when you have professional musicians in the room with you. I focus my eyes on the seashell until the guys finish singing. Emery demands the slice with her name on it. 
I tell Mom that I’m going to go upstairs, and she doesn’t question me or force me to stay for Emery’s sake. As long as Benji is there, I doubt Emery will even know I’m gone. 
“Wait up,” Noah says from behind me. 
I stop halfway up the stairs and wait for him. He nods for me to go on, so I head to my bedroom. He closes the door behind us. 
“Milo’s an idiot,” he says. He follows me to my bed and sits down. “He told me what he did today, and I told him in a lot of four-letter words how stupid he was. And then I told him about Paige. I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay,” I say. “I didn’t want to have to tell him, so it’s better that you did. What happened with you and Jules?”
Noah laughs. 
“We’re cool,” he says. “You know, it happens. We’re guys. We fight sometimes. It’s not the first time. Probably won’t be the last.”
“Um, I need better details than that,” I tell him. 
He explains, play-by-play, how it went down. As soon as I ran after Aralie, Jules verbally blasted Milo for having a secret relationship with me since he’s the one who is so hardcore about doing what management asks of them. In true Milo-fashion, he didn’t defend himself, so Noah stepped up to the plate and told Jules to mind his own business. 
Jules returned that same statement to Noah, resulting in Noah getting up and going around the table to get in Jules’s face. I seriously wish I could’ve seen it, even if it was just through the patio door. 
“Then Jules pushed me, and I hit him in his jaw, and the next thing I know, your dad was yelling, and Benji had his arms around me pulling me back,” Noah says. 
“I can’t believe you hit Jules,” I say. “And Milo didn’t say anything?”
“Nope,” Noah says. “He and Tate just stood off to the side watching with your Mom. She said something about how lockdown was getting to everyone and how fighting isn’t the answer. You know, all that mom-like stuff.”
And that’s when Mom grabbed Emery and brought her outside to us. I wonder if Emery even wanted to hang out with Aralie and me tonight. No, actually, I know she did. Emery hates fighting and yelling, although she’s the queen of tantrum-throwing. That was a side of Spaceships Around Saturn that she hadn’t seen yet. Hopefully she won’t see it again.
“Your dad gave us a lecture, and Benji cursed me out for throwing punches,” Noah says. “I knew better, but I was so damn pissed off. And then Milo dragged me out of the room and told me what he’d said to you and I wanted to hit him too.”
Note to self: Noah possibly has anger issues. 
Noah stands up and glances around before walking toward my door. 
“You want me to bring you a piece of the seashell cake?” he asks. 
I shake my head. I don’t think I can digest anything right now. I’ve found Milo’s stage fright. There’s no way I can face him at midnight. Management was right. Relationships are too dramatic and painful and shattering.
“If you change your mind, let me know,” Noah says. “I’ll be your messenger for the night.”
He closes the door behind him, leaving me in solitude with my emotions. I replay memories in my brain from the last two weeks on lockdown. From Oreos to Twister to fireflies to hide-and-seek. From the day Milo was “naked” in my bedroom and the two days he ignored me to the morning he defended my honor and lied about Jules’s cigarettes. From an acoustic version of “Bleeding Butterflies” to slow dancing and launching wish lanterns. 
Then all of those moments fade to black with one conversation. 
Emery’s birthday celebration rages downstairs until she’s too tired to be excited. Footsteps move past my door for an hour before the house settles for the night. It’s quiet for too long. 
I lie in the dark and don’t look at my phone until I hear footsteps. 
It’s midnight. 
That’s Milo.
I allow enough time for him to get downstairs, through the patio door, and halfway across the backyard before I make a decision. 
Unlike our many midnights before, tonight, I won’t follow him.
27 | Blue Burns Orange
Eight minutes later, I slide the patio door shut behind me and rush toward the treehouse like a Saturnite stalking her favorite Saturn boy. Actually, I am a Saturnite stalking my favorite Saturn boy. I’m just fortunate enough that he’s waiting for me in the treehouse and not hiding behind Tank like he would any other time. 
I climb the ladder in record time. Milo stands in the middle of the room and looks over at me as soon as I enter the treehouse. 
He opens his mouth, but he says nothing. His chest sinks, and his eyes are melted pieces of caramel candy. He looks so defeated. He walks over to the futon against the wall and collapses onto it with the last bit of energy in his body. 
“I didn’t think you were coming,” he says, his voice so low I can barely hear him.
“I changed my mind,” I say. 
Ten minutes ago, I didn’t think I would come out here either. But the house was so quiet that I could still hear the crickets and toads singing our song, calling out to me to join them in the night. The butterflies in my stomach awoke, throwing punches like Noah, and I knew with everything in me that I’d regret it for the rest of my life if I didn’t do this. 
I join him on the futon, and he hesitates before wrapping an arm around me. He’s warm. He smells like his body wash. He’s still Milo – my Milo. 
“I panicked,” he whispers. He inhales deeply before he says more. “I don’t know why I get these things in my head, but I was sure that you’d changed your mind about us. Then you were avoiding me, and Noah was acting weird. I instantly went to the worst case scenario.”
Now isn’t the best time for flattery, but I’m absolutely flattered that his worst case scenario included losing me. He could have any girl in the world, but he’s worried that I don’t want him.
As much as I’d love to stay wrapped up in his arm avoiding eye contact, I turn to face him, so I can really see his caramel eyes. 
“I didn’t want to tell you about Paige because I was afraid you’d take it all the wrong way,” I admit, although I know Noah’s already told him. “I just needed to deal with it first.”
“You could’ve told me,” he says, running his hand over my hair. “I’m a little more understanding than you’ve given me credit for. Well, you know, aside from today. All of my insecurities came out in full force.”
Laughing is probably the worst thing I can do right now, but I channel Tate Kingsley and completely crack up. Milo stares at me like I’m a three-headed alien. 
“Insecurities?” I ask. “Milo, really, have you seen yourself? Have you heard yourself sing? You’re the epitome of perfection to most girls.”
“Well, you can be the one to tell them that I’m far from perfect,” he says. He hangs his head again, like he’s ashamed. “I’m so sorry, Chloe. Really. About everything. I’m…stupid? Crazy? A guy? A stupid, crazy guy?”
This was supposed to be our serious, heart-wrenching conversation, but I absolutely cannot stop laughing. I feel like Emery when she gets to giggling over something so silly and goofy. Maybe I’m just exhausted or lockdown really has worn me down like it has everyone else. 
“You’re human,” I tell him. 
And this time, I even believe it. All of the anger and the tears and the brokenness that I felt an hour ago and expected to feel for days and weeks to come has faded out with the clouds. I don’t care what his management team says or who Paige is making out with or what the entire town has to say about me because Milo Grayson is a stupid, crazy guy, but damn it, he’s my stupid, crazy guy. 
He starts to say something, but I clamp my hand over his mouth. 
“Stop,” I say. “Oh God. I feel like Aralie. But really, stop apologizing.”
“Mmm,” he says, pointing at his covered mouth. 
I pull my hand away. 
“She left you a note,” he says, pointing behind me. 
I turn around and see Emery’s old kiddie pool in the tree house. It’s that huge inflatable one, but someone’s blown it back up. It’s filled with pillows and blankets. 
There’s a bright red envelope sitting on top of it. It’s as loud as Aralie’s red lipstick. 
I push off of the futon and retrieve whatever my sister has left behind. My name is scrawled across the front of the envelope in big black letters. She didn’t bother to seal it. 
Inside is a printed copy of the photo she took of Milo and me, the one in which she said he could pass for my boyfriend if he wasn’t famous. She was right – we do look unbelievably happy together. I want to see him smile like that again. I want to smile like that again. 
I open the piece of notebook paper that’s included. 
Chloe – 
Jules actually arranged this cute little setup for us, but I figured you might need it more than me. No, I’m not being a pervert, so stop thinking that. I know you guys will be out here tonight, and even though things are shot to hell right now, I know you’ll work through it. Let’s get real – you and Milo have much more potential to be the Saturn power couple than Jules and I do. The paparazzi will love me more, though. Just saying. Anyway, give this picture to Milo. I’ll leave a copy on your file cabinet after you sneak out tonight. Forget about the rest of the world, and enjoy what little bit of lockdown is left with that BORING boyfriend of yours! 
Love you, Aralie
PS: Please be out of the treehouse before sunrise.
For her to have just now found out about my blue scarf, she definitely has us figured out. Maybe we are more obvious than we realize. Mom didn’t even flinch when Emery announced that Milo and I sneak out every night. No one stayed up tonight to stop us from doing so again. Maybe we’re the only two who don’t see how amazingly perfect we are for each other. 
I settle into Jules’s swimming pool bed and motion Milo over to join me. Who knew Jules had a romantic bone in his body? Maybe that infection in his eyebrow had something to do with it. I can’t wait to introduce Aralie to Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama. 
“My sister left something for you,” I say, holding out the photo toward Milo. 
He takes it in his hands and examines it before sitting down with me. A smile wraps across his face – a real smile, like a mirror image of the one in his hand – and my heart flutters. 
He sits down next to me as I tuck Aralie’s letter back into the bright red envelope. 
“We look good together,” Milo says. “I think you need to be mine again.”
“Are you sure your insecurities can handle it?” I ask. 
“If it means having you again, I can handle anything. And if I have a moment of weakness, Noah can hit me,” he says. 

A light blue sky creeps into the treehouse with us as I open my eyes. Holy Saturn. It’s daylight. Aralie is going to kill us. 
I turn to the pretty brunette next to me. I hate to wake him. His chest rises and falls as he breathes. I run my fingers through his hair and kiss his cheek. 
“Milo,” I whisper in his ear. “Hey, wake up.”
He stirs just a bit but doesn’t wake up. I could watch him sleep for hours just because he’s beautiful, and I know he never gets enough sleep, but Aralie’s face keeps flashing through my mind. I can’t deal with her wrath before sunrise. 
“Milo,” I say again, out loud this time. “Wake up.”
His eyelids flutter like butterfly wings, quickly and calmly. Then he shoots up like he’s been stabbed with a syringe full of Jules’s eyebrow infection juice. 
“Oh God,” he says. “What time is it?”
He pushes himself up to look outside. Now I’m wishing I’d brought my cell phone with me. I don’t even remember falling asleep. I remember talking about how crazy things would be after we went public and how he was glad all of the other guys knew about us now. I remember lying in the swimming pool bed with his arm wrapped around me. I just don’t remember the black sky and cricket songs fizzling into light blue clouds and birds chirping. 
“I don’t know, but we have to go,” I say, holding up the red envelope. “Aralie will kill us if we’re still out here when she and Jules show up.”
Milo laughs and helps pull me up from the swimming pool. 
“I told you it was Jules,” he says. Then, to show his maturity, he sticks out his tongue.
“Oh hush,” I say. “And fix Jules’s swimming pool bed back like it was. You know, since you know him so well.”
He shoots me his best attempt at an evil eye, but he can’t fight his smile, so he just looks absolutely goofy. I respond by sticking out my tongue. I can play on his level.
After straightening things up to Aralie’s standards, we descend the ladder and head back toward the house. I hope and pray to the creatures of Saturn that my dad isn’t awake yet. I can see him now, sitting at the end of the dining room table. He’ll have the newspaper spread out in front of him, a cup of hot coffee, and a fatherly stare of disapproval…times two. Aralie and Jules will be walking past him just as Milo and I sneak in. Oh Saturn, please. Just come through for me now since you haven’t any other time I’ve asked. 
The morning dew hugs my flip flops as we trek through the grass. Milo wraps his arm around me and pulls me closer to him. 
“You’re a brave soul, Milo Grayson,” I tell him. 
He stops walking. “Why is that?” he asks. 
“You kept me out all night while my dad was home,” I say. 
He laughs, grabs me in a hug, and spins me around. The envelope in my hand presses into his back and crinkles against his shirt. The world can bleed its butterflies dry, and in this moment, I won’t even pity them. 
“I had to be brave,” he says, this time in all seriousness. “I’d rather let your dad yell at me once than to walk away from here knowing I’d lost you forever.”
The patio door shuts in the distance, and Aralie’s laughter floats through the morning air. I guess secrecy isn’t high on her list anymore since she blasted all of SAS over Emery’s birthday pizza last night. 
A streak of pinkish-purple decorates the clouds as the sun tries to peek through. The morning’s first butterfly just slit its wings to bleed. My heart wants to ache, but I think I’m finally seeing the beauty in the sunrise. I actually want the butterflies to bleed because I know they’ll heal overnight and do it all over again. They do exactly what the world needs them to do. They share their colors, even if it hurts, and in the dark of night, the fireflies take over while the butterflies tend to their wounds. I admire their strength. I hope I can be as strong as they are when lockdown ends.
“Well, look who it is,” Jules says as he and Aralie make their way toward us. “Mr. Management-said-we-can’t-have-girlfriends…and his girlfriend.”
Aralie elbows him. “Shut it or your laundry is going in the pool,” she warns him.
As much as Jules wants to bug the hell out of Milo, he holds back. It’s written on his face as clearly as the scent of crushed ladybugs is on his clothes, but he heeds Aralie’s warning well. 
Milo smiles victoriously and tugs me closer to him. 
“Good night, lovers,” he says before we continue toward the house. 

Emery’s giggling wakes me up a few hours later. She stands on the other side of my bedroom door. There’s a flutter of whispers, like thirsty butterflies, followed by muffled laughter. 
I ease off of my bed and tiptoe to the door. I strain my ears to hear. 
“Put it higher,” Emery says as quietly as possible. “That way she’ll think Aralie did it.”
I knew it! No one else would ever think to put Tate’s head on our doors. That was Emery from the get-go. Now, it’s time to see who her accomplice has been this entire time. 
I distance myself from the door so I can jerk it open in full swing. I grip the doorknob, and in supersonic speed, I fling the door toward me. 
Tate Kingsley stands wide-eyed and goofy-smiled on the other side. 
“You?” I ask. I really thought it’d be Benji. “Why are you putting your own head on our bedroom doors?”
He glances around for some hint at what to say. Emery folds her arms over her chest and glares at him like she’s waiting for an answer as well. 
“Emery made me do it!” he yells, slinging his arm toward her. “It was all her idea. She just needed someone to cut my head out and reach the top of the door. I was forced into helping.”
He bolts down the hallway toward the guest rooms. Emery runs behind him, yelling that she is going to throw scrambled eggs at him because it’s the most disgusting food in the world. I haven’t had enough sleep to deal with this, but I don’t want to waste another second of lockdown asleep. 
I leave Tate’s head on my door and go in search of Milo. 
28 | Bonfires and Photographs
“And you know you’re welcome here any time you need a break from things, or even if you just feel like dropping by,” Mom’s voice says as I enter the kitchen. 
Milo leans back against the counter like it’s no big deal that he’s just hanging out in the kitchen with my mom. His smile is unbearably charming. No wonder Mom likes him so much.
Mom glances toward me once she realizes Milo isn’t paying attention to anything she’s blabbing about. 
“I knew it,” Mom says, pointing a finger at me. “I told you Milo was a nice boy, and you tried to play it off like you didn’t even notice him, but I knew it…I knew it the moment he lied about those cigarettes.”
This should be humiliating and embarrassing, but Mom sounds just like a high school best friend spazzing out because she knew you had a crush on the cute guy from English class.
I laugh. “Were Aralie and Jules obvious too?” I ask. 
She shakes her head. “No, I thought it was Tate.”
I wait for Milo to say that he told me so, but he doesn’t. He just keeps smiling that oh-so-perfect smile, and I melt like caramel candy under the sun. I join Milo by the counter and watch as Mom digs through the cabinets for random ingredients. 
“I am so ready for lockdown to end,” she says to a bag of giant marshmallows. “Then Aralie can post those pictures, and everyone will know exactly what we’ve been doing this summer.”
Milo cracks up but doesn’t say anything as Mom rambles on about her high school friend Jill who got her daughters tickets to see SAS back in December. She offered to get a T-shirt for Emery from the concert, and Mom politely refused the offer. Emery cried upon hearing the news, and she said it wasn’t fair that Santa brought tickets to those “stupid-face girls” but didn’t bring tickets to her for Christmas. 
“But Emery gets the last laugh now,” Mom says. “The nerve of that woman to say those things in front of a five-year-old, knowing that Emery is their biggest fan.”
She shakes her head and sorts through boxes of graham crackers and packages of chocolate. 
“What are you trying to cook?” I ask, steering the conversation away from Mom’s non-friend Jill. 
“Oh,” she says, turning back to Milo and me. “Your dad went to get a few things. He wants to have a bonfire tonight.”
I instantly turn toward Milo and pull him into the tightest hug I can squeeze. I breathe in the scent of his body wash and laundry detergent. I want to hold onto him until his skin particles absorb into my flesh and mingle with my blood. 
“Hey, anaconda grip,” he says. “What’s up?”
Dad wants to have a bonfire. That means we’re celebrating. That means they caught the guy. 
“You’re leaving,” I say. 

No one speaks in Dad’s game room. I sit between Noah and Milo, wishing one of them would break the silence. We haven’t told Emery. Technically, Dad hasn’t even told us, but I know. Mom didn’t deny it either, which is more than enough proof. This is the end of lockdown.
“I never thought I’d be sad about this,” Noah says. “I thought I’d be ready to leave.”
I know they want to perform again. They’re ready to be back on stage, singing their hearts out to thousands of screaming fans and living their dreams. I want them to go bleed lyrics for the world. I just want them to bleed for me too. I’ve grown to like having them just for us. How many families can say they’ve hidden a boy band for three weeks?
My thoughts are interrupted by the blast known as Aralie flying into the room.
“Did Mom tell you to save everything on your phone to a memory card?” she asks, like it’s a Moo-llennium Crunch kind of crisis. 
I nod. “About an hour ago,” I say. 
“And you’re done?” Aralie asks. “Do you know how much music I have on my phone? And I have like a million pictures. I have a whole folder of just Jenji memes. Obviously you don’t use your phone like I do mine.”
“You’re getting new phones,” Milo blurts out. “And new numbers. Your mom was talking about it this morning.”
It feels real now. Lockdown is ending. The Branson family will be a public fixture, the family who hid Spaceships Around Saturn. And this entire stupid town will post my phone number all over the internet. I definitely approve of a new number that no one knows. All of Paige’s apology texts and explanation calls will be sent to a number that no longer exists. 
“And there’s an even better part,” Milo adds. “You’re getting international calling and texting. That way, you can keep up with me no matter what time zone I’m in.”
“Gag me.” Noah groans. “You come up with the worst lines. No wonder you were cool with the whole ‘no girlfriends’ thing. You had to be shot at for a girl to give you any attention.”
Aralie laughs, and although I’m sure that was an indirect insult toward me from Noah, I laugh too because for once, Aralie isn’t calling Noah an idiot for something he says.
“Yeah,” Aralie says. “I’m leaving on that note.”
She runs back upstairs, probably to finish backing up everything on her phone. Noah debates out loud how many interviews and appearances they’ll have to do on the topic of lockdown before they actually get back onstage. 
“They’ll have us on some morning show as soon as we’re out,” Milo says. “We’ll probably go straight to a hotel and prepare for interviews. Then we’ll have an appearance the next morning. They’ve already got talk shows and radio shows on standby for when we’re free.”
Dad clears his throat from the doorway to alert us of his presence. He holds a black bag in his hand. 
“I’ll deny ever saying this,” Dad says. “But if you have something in particular you want to wear for that morning show appearance, wash it today because you’ll be on screen Thursday morning.”
“Thursday?” Noah asks. All color leaves his face. 
Dad nods. “Yep, Thursday, but you didn’t hear it from me,” he says. 
If Milo’s theory is correct, they’ll leave tomorrow. They jet off to some fancy five-star hotel, be drilled by management and their PR team, and they’ll probably get lectured on what they are and aren’t allowed to say. The guys will be told to get a good night’s sleep and to be well-rested for the cameras. Then Aralie and I will be up super early Thursday morning to watch them on a morning show over a box of tissues.
“So, what does that mean for us?” Milo asks. 
Dad steps toward the couch and hands Milo the black bag. Milo peeks into the bag and looks at Dad with confused eyes. 
“It means you’re leaving tomorrow,” Dad says, confirming Milo’s theory and my fears. “Welcome back to reality, boys.”
I grab the bag from Milo’s hand and reach into it. I pull out a plastic Ziploc bag with a cell phone and charger in it. Tate’s name is written on the bag in black marker. 
Noah snatches the black bag from me and digs around until he finds his own cell phone. He hands Milo’s phone to him, and I grab the plastic bag with Benji’s name on it. I cherish the moment because I know in a matter of minutes, my Twitter feed will blow up with @Benji_Baccarini and all of the Saturnites across the globe will have him back. Noah grabs the other bags and dashes upstairs to let Tate and Jules rejoin the world. 
Milo taps on Benji’s bag in my hand. 
“Sorry Ms. Branson,” he says. “But it’s time.”

I step outside to the familiar sounds of “Alien Morse Code.” The crickets and toads sing much, much louder tonight. This is their last lockdown performance. Tomorrow night, when I venture outside, I’ll be alone and Spaceships Around Saturn will be gone. I wonder if they’re chirping goodbye messages across the night sky. They’re probably singing well wishes for the guys and songs of hope for the Branson family. 
My new phone vibrates in my hand. One new message. From Noah Winters.
Why are you standing on the patio like a weirdo? 
I look across the yard, and he waves to me. I don’t think he knows how much I’ll miss him. Of course, I’ll miss Milo more, but Noah owns a little piece of my heart too. I shouldn’t play favorites, but Noah is definitely next-in-line to Milo in the hierarchy for my favorite Saturn boy.
The last colors of butterfly blood drain from the sky as darkness falls. Tate tosses another match into the fire while Benji updates Twitter again. 
Milo’s return to Twitter was pretty simple. It consisted of, “We’re baaaaaaaaack! #TiToLives!” Then he followed me and Aralie. He stuck his phone on his charger, and that was about it. Benji hasn’t put his phone down since I put it in his hands.
Three people are missing from around the bonfire – Jules, Milo, and Dad. Uh oh. 
I look to Aralie, and she reads the sister-code on my face before I even have to ask. 
“Dad is giving them the boyfriend lecture,” she says. “I want to die.”
I sit next to Noah, but Aralie gets up and joins us. That’s a first. She even leaves Tate behind. She pulls up a picture on her phone and holds it up for me to see.
“That’s the first picture I’m posting on Facebook as soon as I have clearance,” she says, almost talking in Dad’s government-voice. 
It’s the picture of Milo and me, the night of we set off wish lanterns. The night he promised to be my firefly. I think Aralie may actually love that picture more than I do. She’s proud of it. 
“And my caption is going to say ‘My sister’s new boyfriend is hotter than yours.’ What do you think?” She smiles demonically, sort of like Emery does at times. 
“It’s perfect,” Milo’s voice says from behind us. “Thanks for the compliment, by the way.”
Jules walks past us and joins Tate in Aralie’s previous spot. She practically dives over the bonfire to get to them. Milo sits next to me and smiles. Dad’s lecture must not have been too harsh or he would be avoiding me like those two days after Emery’s mistaken nudity moment.
Dad takes over the grill for Godfrey as Mom helps Emery make another s’more. I doubt Emery will eat anything of real substance tonight, but she says she’s still celebrating her birthday since last night’s celebration was ruined by Aralie’s outburst. 
“How’d it go?” I ask Milo. 
“Not bad really,” he says. “I think a lot of it was aimed more at Jules. Your dad likes me.”
Noah agrees. “He talked to Milo a lot during that fishing trip. I think your mom told him to.”
Oh, she would. Mom’s known all along that something was up with Milo and me. She probably told Dad to get to know him and see what he thought about him.
“Dad!” Aralie yells, rushing toward the grill. “Can we tell people now? I mean, they have their phones back, so people can trace the coordinates and all that other crap you said before.”
Dad hesitates as he swirls the spatula around in his hand. 
“I’m not sure the guys would want you to announce that, Air,” he says. “We’d have screaming girls lined up all around our property. It’d be Emery on steroids.”
“We can handle it,” Jules says, walking up next to Aralie. “We deal with it all the time. I just don’t know if Aralie can handle it.”
She rams her elbow into his stomach and smiles at Dad. 
“I can handle it,” she says. “And I know Mom, Chloe, and Em can too. Please let me post these pictures already. I’m about to die here.”
Dad laughs. “I didn’t expect this from you. Emery, sure. Chloe, maybe. But never you.”
“God, Dad,” she says through her teeth. “I’m a Saturnite, okay? I’m a freaking Saturnite. Now can you just give me clearance to post these stupid pictures?”
“You have clearance,” Dad says in his secret agent voice. 
“Hell yes!” Aralie shouts, jumping up and down. “I’m going to use my laptop. It’s quicker than doing this on my phone.”
Jules grabs her arm. “Are you not going to eat?”
“Not right now,” she says in a panicked voice. “I have to post these.”
She pulls her arm free and runs toward the house. Tate says he has to watch this and runs after her. Benji screams not to post any bad pictures of him, and Emery says to post every picture of her. I’m just thankful Mom picked up our new phones today rather than after lockdown officially ends. Things are about to get crazy. 

An hour later, I pull up my Facebook account. I burst out laughing as soon as I see the notification. Aralie Branson has tagged you in 238 pictures.
Milo turns away from his guitar and looks at me across the treehouse. 
“Care to share?” he asks. 
I hold up my phone so he can see the notification. He shakes his head and reminds me to remind him later that he needs to send Aralie a friend request. Apparently the guys all have theirs blocked so no one can request them. This is what super-Saturnite status feels like. I love it. It’s like I’m truly with the band. 
Milo settles in on the futon, but I walk over to the window. The bonfire fizzles a bit and everyone else has gone inside, but Jules and Aralie are still cuddled up next to the last bit of flames. His arm drapes over her shoulder, and she shows him something on her phone. They actually look like they belong together. 
I look back to my cell phone and click on her name on Facebook. Her new profile picture is one of her and Jules in her bedroom. She’s in her Mutilated Arteries T-shirt with his arm around her. I still feel like an idiot for assuming it would be Tate. She looks so much better with Jules. 
Milo strums a few chords, and I glance back. He motions me over to the futon, so I join him. Then he grabs my phone. 
“What’d Aralie have to say about everything?” he asks as he scrolls down the screen.
Before I can give him a summary, he finds it and laughs. I read it probably fifty times in a row after she posted it. 
“Hey guys, you know how I’ve basically been blatantly lying to everyone and cancelling plans and making you think I suck at life? Guess what. My life is better than yours because Spaceships Around Saturn has been crashing at my house for their lockdown!”
There’s an update shortly after her status that states that Aralie Branson is in a relationship with Julian Rossi. I wish I could ‘like’ it a thousand times over. 
I grab my phone from Milo and click on Aralie’s “Lockdown with Spaceships Around Saturn!” album. I select the picture of Milo and me and make it my profile picture. I need to take lessons from Aralie more often. She’s proud of lockdown, and I plan on being proud too.
“Chloe,” Milo says, dragging me out of lockdown daydreams and back to Earth. “You’ll have plenty of time to see what people are saying after I leave tomorrow. Can I please have you tonight?”
I power off my phone and ease closer to him on the futon. He leans in and kisses my cheek then pulls himself back into the corner away from me. 
“This is a rough version,” he warns me. “I’m gonna record it when we get back to Montréal, and Benji can do harmonies for me. Noah can add some drums. Then it’ll feel like a real song.”
I do what I can to steady my breathing and the ever-constant butterflies swishing around in my stomach. It’s as much their song as it is mine. 
He plays a few chords, and my butterflies become statues. 
“There’s a sunrise in her eyes, the scent of peaches in her hair,
And I know how much she hates it, so I try not to stare,
But what I haven’t told her is that I can hardly speak
in those perfect moments when she’s looking back at me.”
My butterflies melt into a puddle of orange butterfly blood. His lyrics talk about everything from slow dancing in the dark to watching fireflies, and I literally feel like the crickets and toads are in tune with his guitar. The entire night is singing this song. 
This song. My song. A song that may end up on a future Spaceships Around Saturn album. A song that might be sung in front of thousands of girls at future shows. 
Milo was right. He does have to bleed for the world. He was born for this. The world needs all the blue butterfly blood it can have. He needs to bleed this song for them.
But he’ll always bleed the most for me. 
29 | Goodbyes
I wake up on the sectional with my cheek pressed to Milo’s shirt. I push myself off of him and glance around. No one else is awake. Emery, Noah, and Tate are stretched out on a pallet in the floor. Benji must’ve moved onto the sectional after baby sister fell asleep. Jules and Aralie are cuddled up in the corner on the far end. I don’t know how I’m even awake. We literally stayed up until after sunrise. It can’t be much later now.
Milo stirs and shifts his body as I try to get up without waking him. I fail. 
“Where are you going?” he asks through somewhat of a yawn. 
“Did you hear that?” I ask. 
He rubs his eyes and shakes his head. Maybe I dreamed it, but I swear, I heard a panther or some kind of wild cat screaming. I have just a bit of my dad in me. I have to investigate. 
I stumble through the barely-lit room, making sure I don’t step on one of Milo’s Saturn brothers. He follows behind me, yawning most of the way. 
Mom sits at the dining room table drinking coffee and playing on her new phone. She looks up at us and smiles. 
“Look at this picture I posted this morning,” she says, holding her phone up. 
It’s a picture of all of us asleep in the game room. Her caption reads: This is the first time in three weeks they’ve all been asleep at once! My house is so quiet!
Milo laughs, but I hear the panther again. I look around the room quickly. Then Mom points at the window. I peek through the blinds. Although they’re just specks from here, I see a line of people against our gate out by the street. 
“Who are those people?” I ask. 
“Screaming Saturnites,” Mom says. “They’ve been here since I got up to get the paper. One girl asked if Tate Kingsley was really in our house. She started crying when I said that he was. Your dad said this morning that the craziness comes with the territory.”
“How much do you think she’d pay me for Tate’s grocery list?” I ask. 
Milo wraps an arm around my shoulder. “Welcome to Saturn,” he says. 
He makes his way toward the kitchen and digs the Oreos out of the cabinet. There’s no way I’d ever sell those grocery lists. Milk and Oreos will be mine forever. He pours two glasses of milk and brings one to me. 
“Wanna half Oreos with me again?” he asks. 
I couldn’t ask for a better last lockdown breakfast. 

I sit on Milo’s bed as he packs everything he owns into two duffel bags. Dad said that their cars would be here to pick them up in an hour. I play on my phone while he packs. Benji tweeted a picture of himself and his “new BFF Emery” this morning. I wish I could retweet it a million times. I think it made Emery’s life. 
My Twitter feed is going to be much more insane now that Spaceships Around Saturn sort of belongs to the Branson family. Benji’s constant tweets aren’t even annoying me today, not even the one about needing new shoelaces. 
Aralie runs past Milo’s door like a feral dog, drawing my attention toward the hallway.
“What?” she screams outside of Jules’s door. 
I can’t hear his reply. 
“That was your big news? You texted me over that? No one cares!” she yells. 
“Seven million people care!” he shouts back. 
She crosses her arms and sighs dramatically. Then she walks into Milo’s room. 
“Jules hit seven million Twitter followers,” she says. “And apparently, as his girlfriend, this is supposed to make my day. For the record, it doesn’t.”
She storms back down the hallway. Her bedroom door slams. She’s definitely back to herself. I think she may take lockdown’s finale worse than the rest of us. Maybe she’ll be the first to cry. I don’t want to be the first to cry. I’m always the first. Even before Emery. I’m going to be strong today. I won’t break until one of them does first. 
Benji strolls in next, with Emery shadowing him. Is Milo’s room the central meeting place for today? Did I miss the memo? I just want to spend these last few minutes alone with the boy.
“I think you have something for me,” Benji says to me. 
He tosses his phone from one hand to the other. I don’t know what he’s talking about.
“Chloe, the mock up of my new ink,” he says. “C’mon, you know that. I wanted to take a picture of it and show it off on Twitter.”
I send Emery to my bedroom to get the sketchbook off of my bed. Benji’s rocket is drawn in there. So are multiple designs for Noah to add to his back piece. There’s a couple of aliens sitting under a palm tree on an island watching the stars. And there’s an octopus reaching a tentacle up into space to pull a spaceship down for the aliens to travel back home. He may not use any of them, but at least he has some ideas now. 
Once Emery returns, I tear out the rocket ship and hand it to Benji. He flattens it out on the desk in Milo’s room and takes a picture. He says he’ll mention me in his tweet. He leaves with Emery in tow. 
Milo snatches the sketchbook from my hand and flips through the pages. 
“Can I have this?” he asks. 
He holds up the book. It’s on the drawing of a heart with rings around it. The same heart I drew on Emery’s ‘welcome back’ poster. 
“I want to show that to our design team,” he says. “It’s epic. They’ll hate themselves for not coming up with it.”
He flips to the next drawing. A blue butterfly…bleeding blue music notes down the page. He runs his fingers over it, and I wish I knew what was going through his mind. The next page simply says, “Never change who you are.” Fireflies dance around the words. 
Milo closes the book and hugs it to his chest. 
“Please?” he asks. “Please let me have this.”
I nod. “It’s all yours, Mr. Grayson.”

The silence downstairs is tense and sad. Duffel bags surround us. Milo’s guitar case rests against the stairs. All Twitter follows are in place. All Facebook friend requests have been sent and accepted. Cell phone numbers have been exchanged. Final photographs have been taken. 
We all sit in the living room near the foyer, just like we did that first night. Benji hugs Emery for the millionth time, reassuring her over and over that he’ll see her very soon. Mom and Godfrey are quiet, exchanging sad expressions now and then. They’ve probably already discussed how hard life will be for “the girls” after SAS is gone. 
Dad paces the floor while the rest of us sit around listening to the crazy fans outside. It’s a long way to the gate, but I feel like they’re just outside the window. Aralie swears the crowd has grown throughout the day. We’re closing in on noon. 
I’m sure Aralie’s Facebook announcement has gone global by now. Her pictures popped up on Google searches this morning. Maybe Darby will talk about us on Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama. I’d feel legitimately famous then.
A roar of screams bursts through the atmosphere. The creatures on Saturn probably even hear it all those light years away. Dad hurries to the front door but motions for us to stay where we are. 
Engines shut off outside, and Godfrey exits through the kitchen to move Dad’s car. He’s staying here to guard the house while we take the guys to the airport. That old man is a brave soul. A few agents come inside and grab the guys’ belongings. Dad tells them to be careful with Milo’s guitar. Then he changes his mind and says he’ll take it out himself. Dad definitely likes Milo. 
Emery squeezes Benji and begs him not leave. 
“Just five minutes,” she pleads. “I can’t let you leave yet. I’ll miss you too much.”
My heart longs to break for her, but I’m determined to be strong, which is why I’m avoiding the caramel eyes that I know are looking at me right now. His hand moves along my arm, and his fingers play with the friendship bracelet on my wrist. 
“Trade me?” he asks. 
I place my hand over his. He wears his Emery-made bracelet too. Dark gray and blue. 
“Are you sure pink and black are good colors for you?” I ask. 
My question remains unanswered. He leans his head against mine and unties my bracelet. He wraps his around my wrist and ties a gray-blue knot. 
“Care to help me with this?” he asks, forcing me to look at him. 
My butterflies are all aflutter right now. I wish they’d lend their wings to helping me tie this knot rather than freaking out and twisting my guts into knots. 
Engines growl outside as Milo helps me pull the knot together. This doesn’t feel real.
“Okay guys, let’s go,” Dad hollers from the front door. 
Anything we could’ve said is instantly drowned out by the high-pitched shrieks outside. Two black SUVs sit behind Dad’s car. 
“Emery,” Dad says. “I know you’re going to be mad, but you have to ride to the airport with me. There’s too much chaos, and you’re too little to get caught up in it. I’m sorry, but these rules come with the territory.”
Tears flow down her cheeks as she begs and pleads and swears on Santa that she won’t get hurt in the craziness, but Dad forces her into his backseat. 
Godfrey descends the front steps. 
“Mr. Kingsley,” he says to Tate. “Your request.”
Tate stares at the unmarked box for a moment. He raises his eyebrows, asking questions with his face, but Godfrey doesn’t reply. 
“Thanks G-man,” he says. “I’m gonna call you. I promise.”
He throws his arms around Godfrey, and I feel the tears welling up. Tate has sort of become the grandson that Godfrey never had. Apparently I’ve missed all of it because I was hanging out with the wrong half of Saturn. I hope Aralie can give me all the details later. 
Tate climbs into the first SUV with Aralie and Jules. Benji motions for Mom to ride with them, and he heads over to the second SUV. The screams echo around us. They probably saw his blonde hair. Noah climbs in behind Benji. 
Milo holds his arm out. “After you, Ms. Branson.”
The door slams behind him. The windows are too dark for anyone to see inside, but those crazy Saturnites at the gate and lining the street know. I hope Dad locked his windows. Emery will have them down in two seconds just to scream that Benji is hers. 
We park at the end of the driveway. Police escorts and secret service vehicles ease along our street. Uniformed officers maintain order with the fans. Dad’s car pulls out in between a police car and a black SUV. A few more vehicles pass before my mom and sister’s vehicle moves onto the street. Two SUVs separate us before we join the parade of insanity. More fall in behind us. 
“Who are all these people?” I finally ask, peering as best I can through the window. 
“Decoy vehicles,” Noah says. “You’ll get used to it.”
I hear Dad’s voice in my head. It comes with the territory. 

We circle around the airport a few times before the SUV actually stops. I don’t bother asking why. Maybe it’s some security measure to throw off the crazies. It’s like Dad said last night while he flipped hamburgers on the grill. All of this happened just because some idiot guy was pissed that his girlfriend chose to go to the SAS concert instead of going out with him on their one-year anniversary. I don’t know why he thought shooting at the guys would make it better. Now he’ll face attempted murder charges and probably reckless endangerment or whatever else they can tack on.
But that crazy, jealous boyfriend gave us lockdown. I don’t know if I should hate him or mentally thank him for what he’s done. 
Agents and SAS staff members unload the bags and haul them off. The guys probably have a crew that simply handles baggage claims. We don’t get out of the SUV until Dad opens the door and motions for us. 
Tate rushes toward Benji waving an Xbox game in his hand. 
“Dude, look what G-man got me!” he shouts. “I didn’t even ask for it. I don’t even know how he knew that I wanted this one.”
Benji laughs. “That’s the one you were going to buy after our NYC show, but you never made it to a store.”
Aralie beams with pride. I wonder if she had something to do with that. Emery rushes over to us with her arms wide open. Benji grabs her and spins her in circles. He promises to get her concert tickets. She says she’ll make a poster so he’ll notice her. 
I make the rounds with Mom and Aralie, hugging the guys and saying our goodbyes-for-now. Mom engages herself in a conversation with Benji and Emery. Aralie grabs Jules and her “Tater Tot” to the side, leaving me with my half of Saturn. 
Noah pulls me into a hug. I don’t know what to say to him. I just squeeze him until I feel like the ink from his tattoos may leak into my skin if I hug him any tighter. 
“Don’t forget me,” he says. “I know you’ll be all wrapped up in Planet Milo, and he’s hot and stuff, but I’m still your new best friend.”
Forget Noah Winters? I pushed him into our pool. Then I pulled him into our pool. I made him speak before he had his strawberry milk, and I shared my dark Paige secret with him. He was the first person to text my new number. He was also the one to announce that I was Milo’s girlfriend to the world via his “I’m gonna miss Milo’s girlfriend after lockdown. #MyNewBFF” tweet. Thousands of people followed me after seeing my Twitter handle at the end of it. 
“You’re unforgettable in the best ways,” I say. 
He smiles. “I’ll see you in like…a week. And if Milo gets all weird, I’ll take care of it.”
He rubs his fist into the palm of his other hand before hugging me one last time, leaving me alone with the one and only Mr. Grayson.

Milo pulls me into a hug immediately. I try to take in every inch of his existence because I know things will never be the same again. We’ll never be us in the sense that we were during lockdown. I inhale his body wash. I run my hands over his T-shirt and the way it hugs his body so perfectly. I trace my fingers over the MDG inked into his arm under his Saturn tattoo. 
His caramel-colored eyes stare back at me when I look up at his face. His mouth scrunches up to one side. What is he thinking? Is he trying to find the words like I am?
“I’ll call you whenever we get where we’re going,” he says. 
How typical. I’ll call you. Be careful. Have a safe flight. I’ll see you later. These are the kinds of things I’d say to Benji, not Milo. 
“I’m gonna miss you,” I say, my voice barely above a whisper. 
“Hey,” he whispers, leaning close to my ear. “I’m with you every morning when the butterflies bleed and every night when the fireflies flicker, okay? I’m just a phone call or text away. Always.”
“I feel like there’s a million things I need to say or should say,” I tell him. “But I can’t even find the words.”
“It’s okay,” he says, nodding. “You don’t have to say anything. I already know.”
His hands intertwine with strands of my hair as he leans in and kisses me. I never want the taste of his kiss to leave my mouth. 
He pulls away and brushes my hair back over my shoulders. He stares at me for a second, kind of like Mom does when she talks about her baby bird. But I feel like I’m the one who is setting him free. The mad scientists can’t hold him down any longer. I have to lift the glass and let him fly. 
“I’ve gotta go,” he says, looking back over his shoulder. He kisses my forehead. “See you soon, firefly.”
Noah wraps an arm around Milo’s shoulders as soon as my boy joins his Saturn brothers. He’s in good hands, even though I hate to let him go. 
Emery leans against my leg. She’s too big to be carried, but I pick her up anyway. She presses her golden blonde hair into my brunette locks. She sniffles, but no tears fall. She’s determined to be strong too. She waves goodbye as they disappear through the empty airport. 

My family walks in silence to Dad’s car. Aralie is stoic, reflecting zero emotion in her face. If I couldn’t see her breathing, I’d think she was a corpse. Emery’s lips quiver, and she doesn’t speak. She and I both know too well that if she tries to talk, all of her emotions will pour out. I can’t believe she’s being so strong. She’s a six-year-old who just said goodbye to her beloved Benji Bikini. Tears, Emery. Shed them already so I can. 
We crawl into the backseat in a zombie-like trance. Aralie plays with her cell phone to avoid conversation. Emery hangs her head, and I stare at the back of Dad’s seat so I can’t look at the sky and think of butterflies. The butterflies in my stomach aren’t even moving. I wonder if they died when Milo left. I hope not. They give me a sense of security these days, as much as I wish they’d behave themselves better at times. 
Aralie hands her phone over to me as we pull out of the airport’s parking lot. Her Twitter feed is on the screen. Milo just updated fifty-three seconds ago. 
I miss my girl already. See you soon, firefly.
I know better than to click on the picture he tweeted with it, but I do anyway. It’s us on the back patio this morning. Emery took the picture. Benji’s suncatcher dangles behind us. I’m smiling much too ecstatically while Milo kisses my cheek. It’s so goofy-happy. 
I hand Aralie’s phone back to her before I can take it all in and fall victim to a Saturn-sized meltdown. And that’s when the Branson family breakdown happens. 
Mom begins to sob. 
30 | #IWantToBeABransonSister
#IWantToBeABransonSister.
This may be my favorite hashtag of all time. It’s at least been my favorite since we set the boys back into the universe eight days ago. Our house has been eerily quiet. Mom tears up over breakfast quite often. Crazy girls still sit outside of the gates at our house, and people take pictures of us at the grocery store. It’s weird. 
Three days after lockdown, Milo begged the SAS fans to leave Aralie and me alone. The expected death threats rolled in. Some Saturnites came to our defense. Others stated the fact that Dad is a secret service agent and people needed to watch what they said. And a few crazies still told us to die. We didn’t tell Emery about those. Her brain can’t handle much more excitement. She actually likes posing for the random cameras, so we let her enjoy the fame. 
I think the greatest thing that’s happened since lockdown ended was when Darby dedicated an entire YouTube segment to the Branson sisters. All of the SAS guys follow her on Twitter now, thanks to my special request, and Darby’s Daily Dose of Drama has become an advocate to help stop the Saturnite insanity aimed at the Branson family. I knew I liked Darby for a reason. 
Okay, so Darby’s the second best thing. The best is lying in this super-fancy hotel bed in New York City. The Spaceships Around Saturn ‘welcome back’ show is tonight. Emery made a poster that says, “I AM a Branson sister!” Aralie made one too, but I’m hoping she won’t actually take it. We’ll have enough attention without her “Milo wasn’t dead! He was with my sister!” poster. 
 Maybe she’ll shop all day and won’t grab it in the rush of things tonight. This will be our first public appearances with the guys since lockdown ended and the world knew we were all official. Aralie and I watched their morning show interview last Thursday, just as Milo predicted they’d have. 
He played coy when asked about lockdown romance. He never denies me, but his face turns a few shades of Mars, and it makes my heart flutter. And then it makes me crazy-sad because my butterflies really did die with his exit. Even with the screaming fans, weirdoes with cameras, and constant internet drama, I haven’t felt so much as a nervous butterfly blink. I miss them almost as much as I miss Milo. 
My cell phone buzzes in my hand and interrupts my Twitter feed. A photo of Milo and me pops up on the screen, and Spaceships Around Saturn sing through the speaker. 
“Hey you,” I say instantly. 
He laughs. “What’s up, firefly?”
I tell him that I’m alone in my hotel room. Aralie insisted that she needed to look hot tonight, since this was her first public outing as Jules Rossi’s girlfriend, so Mom and Dad took her to see NYC. Emery demanded new clothes too. I’m sure she’s posing for paparazzi somewhere in this giant city. Dad has enough security at the hotel to keep me safe from a nuclear bomb. Our entire floor is blocked off. 
“Well, I’m sending something up to your room,” he says through the earpiece. “Don’t peek through the peephole either. Just open the door when they knock. I want it to be a surprise. But stay on the phone with me so I can hear your reaction.”
I jump off the bed and rush to the door before anyone knocks. I’m impatient and excited, and I just can’t wait. Milo won’t know if I open…
“You didn’t wait for me to knock!” he yells from down the hallway. 
I dash down the hallway toward him and collide into his arms. He wraps me up tightly and laughs before pushing me back into the hotel room. I toss my phone onto the bed and pull him into the best ‘I’ve missed you’ kiss I can manage. I’ve missed him so, so much.
He pulls back, still laughing. The sunlight from the open blinds dances in his eyes, like speckles of glitter floating around on a piece of candy. 
“It’s insane outside,” he says. “I wasn’t sure how I was ever going to get inside to see you.”
“And now the Saturnites and paparazzi know you’re here,” I say. 
He nods. “You know tonight will be crazy, right?” he asks, like a concerned parent.
He pulls away from me and walks around the hotel room. He scrunches his mouth to one side. My heart already hates the way this feels. Words, Milo. Speak with words. 
“I was just thinking,” he says. “I don’t want this whole public appearance thing to ruin the show for you tonight. Maybe tonight isn’t the best time for us to be seen together. People are going to go crazy trying to get pictures. I just don’t want them to ruin this experience for you.”
No. No, no, no, no, no. I did not fly to New York City with fanatical girls threatening my life just for him to decide this isn’t the best time. There is no way I’m letting his insecurities and worries and ‘management said’ attitude ruin this. Where’s Noah when I need him to punch my stupid boyfriend?!
“What are you suggesting then?” I ask, trying to keep my cool. 
He shrugs. “I thought maybe we could just grab lunch and get it all over with now so there’s no pressure tonight,” he says. 
“Now,” I repeat the word. “Now is…perfect.”
I can’t hide the sigh of relief in my words. A smile creeps onto his face. 
“You didn’t actually think I was backing out on you, did you?” he asks. 
I don’t reply. I don’t want to admit that I actually doubted him. He pulls me into a tight embrace, tilts my face up toward him, and kisses my forehead. A black and pink bracelet hugs his wrist.
“You can’t get rid of me that easily, Ms. Branson,” he says. “So, lunch? Just the three of us? Me, you, and Tank?”
There’s Dad’s voice again, running through my brain. It comes with the territory.
“Lunch sounds good,” I say. I grab my room key and cell phone.
“Jules and Tate went to meet up with Aralie earlier, so I knew you were here alone,” Milo says as we walk into the hallway. “I asked your dad if it was okay to come see you and take you out for lunch.”
Sending a boy to my hotel room when I’m alone? Yeah, Dad really likes Milo. 
Tank waits for us in the hall. I walk between the bodyguard and Milo to the elevator. 
“Just stay directly behind me,” Tank explains. “Milo will be behind you. It’s better for your safety if you’re between us.”
“Whatever you do, just keep moving,” Milo says. “These people get crazy, so just keep pushing through. Don’t worry about being nice.”
“They have security outside,” Tank says. “But that doesn’t guarantee anything. The car is waiting, so just beeline for it. I’ll stop at the car door and let you guys in first.”
“Do not let go of my hand,” Milo says. 
I feel like I’m in that scene from Titanic when the ship is plunging into the freezing ocean. Jack says the suction will pull them under. He demands Rose not let go of his hand. That’s exactly how Milo’s voice sounds right now. 
I just keep nodding to whatever they say. I knew post-lockdown with Milo would be insane, but there’s nothing I can do to prepare for the madness outside. Nothing will calm my erratic heartbeat or nervous breathing. 
An ocean of fear floods over me as we walk through the hotel lobby toward the glass doors. Two policemen stand inside. More uniforms wait outdoors. 
High-pitched screams echo off of the hotel walls. 
Bright camera flashes burst like a firework show. 
And then there’s an ever-familiar flutter. 
A smile sweeps my face as I feel them waking up from their eight-day nap. A calm wave of relief rushes over my ocean of fear. Lockdown may be over, but this is just the beginning. I should’ve known they wouldn’t abandon me when I need them the most.
“It’s now or never,” Milo shouts over the screams outside. “You ready?”
He squeezes my hand, and my butterflies dance to the tune of “Alien Morse Code.”
I glance back at my boy and his caramel eyes. 
“I’ve never been more ready.” 
Thank you!
Thank you so much for reading STARLIGHT! If you enjoyed this book and want to support the series and author, please consider leaving a quick review. Be sure to check out Aralie's version of lockdown in MOONLIGHT next! 

If you want to know when more teen romance books are released, sign up for Nikki’s newsletter and get alerts! You may just see the Saturn guys again! ;) 
Acknowledgments 
If Spaceships Around Saturn was real, I'd give lifetime VIP tickets, friendship bracelets, and Oreo cookies to the following:

*The many bloggers/fellow authors who promoted this book – From the cover reveal to the release day blast/blitz to the blog tour, you guys have helped spread the word about my little book, and I'm so very grateful. My heart fluttered every time someone added my book "to read" on Goodreads or tweeted about Starlight (formerly American Girl On Saturn). Your kind words and excitement gave me a confidence in this book that I didn't have before. You're all worthy of Saturnite status!

*The Directioners, Beliebers, and followers of the many, many fandoms out there – Thank you for your fangirlisms. You're all a part of this book in your own ways. You guys inspired Saturnites. 

*One Direction – Obviously. These five beautiful guys really do light up my world like nobody else. Thank you for so much inspiration and amazing music.

*Simple Plan – This band taught me what being a fangirl was all about waaaay back in 2002. Thank you for being the only band who has held it together over the years. I've grown up with you. You are the real Canadian loves in my life. 

*Hawthorne Heights – You guys give me strength. Thank you for being MY Sebastian's Shadow.

*Mom – Thank you for not killing Emily and me when we randomly change your cell phone wallpaper to photos of One Direction. Thank you for being a Harry Styles fan (even if it's because he's the only one whose name you can remember). Thanks for putting up with years of music fandoms (from boy bands to punk rockers and back to boy bands again) from Emily and me. You always go along with it, even if you don't appreciate the photos inside of your kitchen cabinet. 

*My fellow author, music lover, and friend Rebecca Lewis – I'm so very thankful to have found a friend in you. I can squee over bands (and 1D!), and I know that you understand what it's like to live for the music. I still think I should kick your neighbors out and move in next door so we can stalk bands, hang out on the beach, and freak out over 1D together. 

*Rachel Adams Schmermund – You've been with me through my fangirlisms from the time we were 16 and I was freaking out over David until now. Remember when you were leaving for Germany, and we were having what should've been a nostalgic farewell but instead I rambled about One Direction and Hawthorne Heights? That's why you're my best friend. You get me when no one else does. Thank you for reading this book in its roughest form, as I wrote chapter by chapter, and cheering me (and Chloe!) on. It made me squee like a Saturnite every time you caught a reference to one of our bands. I doubt anyone else could appreciate some of those things, but I know you always do. Thank you for 2008 – that year changed my life. I'm so glad you were there for the ride and that we finally found WORDS to say what we felt. <3 <3 <3 and 11:11 wishes just for you!

*Emily Godwin – This book would not exist without you. Literally. This book was an idea that you dreamed up and shared with me in the Taco Bell parking lot. Thank you for reading half-chapters and telling me how great they were, even when I hated them. Thank you for the random (Emily-made) Liam Payne memes that you texted me in the name of inspiration. Thanks for choosing (and naming) my bromances. Thank you for being Emery in the past and Aralie in the present. Thank you for mistakenly assuming the boys next door to Aunt Danita's house were naked that time – I knew it'd be hilarious someday. Thank you for convincing me to download One Direction's album while we were in Florida. And thank you for not killing me when I sent you that text on November 21st, 2012. I told you I wasn't crazy. ;) I luhhh yeww. 

*David Desrosiers & Liam Payne, in particular – Once upon a time, a girl fell happily in fangirl-love with two amazingly talented and beautiful musicians who shared an August 29th birthday. They were two sparkling lights that never failed her and always made her smile, even on her darkest days. Thank you both soooooo much for being my fireflies and sharing your birthday with this book. <3
About The Author
Nikki Chartier is a dream chaser, caffeine addict, and young adult/new adult author. Her books are often about surfers, musicians, and relationships. She is an avid surf fan who always wants Gabriel Medina to win and prefers cold weather even though most of her books are set in beach towns. She lives in the southern USA with her awesome husband and adorable pup.

For more books and information, visit http://www.nchartierbooks.net

