
Steve's SciFi Shorts – Volume 1
By: Steve Simons
Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2009 → 2011 Steve Simons

This book is also available 
as an Audio Book  from PodioBooks.com

For more titles from this author and latest news, check out 
www.SciFiStories.co.uk


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please download an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not download  it, or it was not downloaded for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and download your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Most of the stories in this book come under the category of Parental Guidance (G-PG  =Parental Guidance).  The exceptions are shown below with a <G-U =Universal suitable for all> marking.
        Introduction
1.   The R4C Rescue                         ( 30 Mins )  <Rated U>
2.    Better To Travel in Hope           (19 Mins  )
3     Angel Without A Name              ( 35 Mins )
4.    Be Careful What You Wish for  ( 30 Mins )
5.    Testing, Testing 1,2,0                  ( 12 Mins ) <Rated U>
6     Life, at what cost                        ( 30 Mins )
7.    This Little Piggy                         ( 30 Mins )
8.    Something isn't Right here          ( 24 Mins )
9.    Ulayia                                          ( 28 Mins )
10.  To See or Not to See                   ( 11 Mins )
11.  What About Max                        ( 46 Mins ) <Rated U>
12.  Re-Birth                                      ( 68 Mins )
Introduction
This first collection of Steve's Short Stories brings a mixture of the darker side of Science and what man is probably capable of achieving, whilst also bringing some humour.  These short stories have allowed Steve the luxury to make a  study of a particular topic that has reared its head in the world of science or technology and is currently being discussed.  Steve through use of his imagination and word processor, has explored where such developments could take human kind.  There is even a story that could be a ghost story, or is it about a ghost?  To round things off Steve even glimpses into the domain of romance.  Something for everyone?  Maybe, we'll leave it for you to decide.
This book represents about  6 hours of entertainment (of course the exact time depends how fast or slow a reader you are, but this estimate is based on the Audio Book version of this book).  The book took two years in the making, is supplied FREE of charge. 
1. R4C Rescue

A door opens, nothing unusual in that, doors open all the time. What is unusual, is the reaction of those around the door, as the silver haired man emerges from the dark corridor into the brilliant light.  The people around stop and stare at him. Not quite what he was hoping for.  After all he had taken particular care to ensure that the clothes they were wearing would enable them to blend in.  He wonders if it has anything to do with his companion, but as he quickly turns to check, the young man following him, appears no different from normal. 
The silver haired man whispers to his younger companion, "It would appear Bob, that somehow our cover has been blown."
"It would appear to be the case Professor.  The map and message, indicated that this warehouse was not being used and that it was in a particularly quiet district.  We have landed in the right time frame haven't we?"
"Yes, absolutely, I checked the co-ordinates twice." replies the silver haired professor.
"If you remember, I did suggest the other door might be a better choice." replies Bob, shading his eyes from the very bright sun.
"Never mind, we will just walk on as if we expected to emerge into this square, with all these citizens staring at us." The Professor walks on confidently, watched by all those around him.
Bob on the other hand is more aware of the staring faces and does a superb impression of an underling trying to keep up with his master. The latter doing his utmost to get away from this place as quickly as possible.  Whilst the former struggles to keep up and also avoid eye contact with the locals.
The hotel, an unassuming building, that merges easily into its surroundings.  The lobby looks much more appealing than the exterior.  It is quite luxuriously decorated and furnished, a pleasant surprise after the somewhat stark exterior.  
The desk clerk seems quite friendly and greets the Professor and Bob by name, without asking for any form of identification.  He asks Bob to press a finger on a pad, then informs the two gentlemen that their rooms are ready, 693 and 694.  He looks first at the Professor, then at Bob, as he announces the numbers.  The clerk then points towards a shiny indentation in the wall opposite. The Professor strides towards it confidently, as if he has done this many times before.  Bob, however,is not so sure about this.
When the Professor disappears in front of his eyes he is even more unsure that this is the right thing to do.  Bob looks nervously back towards the clerk, who indicates that Bob should also walk into the indentation, he indicates that it will take him up to his room.  Bob nervously steps in.  He feels a bit strange, a queezy feeling in the pit of his stomach.  The shiny surface in front of him fades away to be replaced by a corridor, with doors leading off of it.  Bob is relieved that to the left of him is the Professor.
"Most strange way to travel eh?" asks the Professor as he walks towards Bob, then continues, "You'll be fine in a moment."
Bob asks, "How did the clerk know our names?"
The Professor smiles as he replies, "The e-dentities that I asked you to set up before we left the TOPITAS.  Their proximity reader picked up our e-dentities as soon as we walked through the hotel door."
The pair approach Bob's bedroom door, it slides open, revealing an empty room.  
Bob exclaims, "The clerk appears to have allocated me the wrong room, it is empty."
The Professor replies, "Well you wouldn't be wanting to share it with another lifeform surely?"
"But Professor, it is completely and utterly empty, no furniture or anything." Bob looks quite dismayed at the prospect of trying to sleep in such a room.
The Professor whips out a device from his pocket and starts tapping rapidly at it.  Shortly he announces, "Ah I have it, e-rooms, these are e-rooms.  The guest can design their own living space, using a panel just inside the door. Here it is!" The professor taps a screen on the wall and it instantly comes to life, showing various options that are available for the guest to choose.
The Professor retires in the direction of his room, he gets halfway, when a thought suddenly occurs to him, he says, "Oh, don't go in the room, stay in the lobby area Bob!"
"Too late." comes a rather subdued reply.  
The Professor runs back to the open doorway and peers in, to see that Bob now has more legs than he had before, 6 to be precise! Four of which are quite ornate carved wooden ones.  In fact bob appears to be part of a chair.
"Stay where you are Bob, I have an idea to solve your problem." The Professor sets off towards the indentation in the corridor.
Bob, sounding particularly worried, replies, "Please, whatever you are planning to do, make it quick as I am feeling particularly strange, I just hope its not a case of woodworm setting in."
"I will be as quick as I can." The Professor walks into the indentation and disappears.
The Professor is glad to see that there is no-one by the reception clerk, he walks briskly straight up to the desk, "I wonder if you could help me, I am in need of assistance to transport a rather valuable chair to a local warehouse."
The Clerk is rather confused, as he recalls no deliveries coming for the professor before or since his arrival, but being used to unusual requests he says, "Yes certainly Myster More.  I will get one of our porters and a levi trolley. When would you like them?"
"Oh thank you, now would be most opportune if that could be arranged." The professor smiles and confident that the clerk will do as asked, turns and disappears into the indentation again.
Bob is quite relieved to see the Professor return so quickly. He is somewhat more dubious however, when the Professor is quickly followed by some character with what appears to be a floating sledge, with a handle on it.
The Professor waves at the porter and indicates the open door to Bob's room, "In here."
The porter issues a stifled laugh when he first sees Bobchair.
The Professor and porter attempt to lift Bobchair onto trolley, but like all inanimate objects it does not remain still and it is difficult to lift.  After some stern talking and guidance to Bobchair from the Professor, the pair manage to at last get Bobchair onto the trolley.
The porter is amused at the fact that the professor had spent his time talking to the object to try and convince it to stay still, but it seemed to work.  Perhaps this visitor is a chair whisperer.  Well you hear about such things.
The Professor asks if they would need to strap the chair to the trolley for safety.  The porter assures him that the micro suction pads should hold it securely.  
Bob says, "You can't take me through the streets like this.  Everyone will notice us."
The professor mumbles, "Should have thought about that before getting merged with a chair!"
The porter is shocked to hear the chair speak.  Until now it has appeared to be merely a rather strange chair.  As he pieces together the words that the professor had mumbled, he realises what has happened.  He attempts to offer a plan that is alternative to the one the professor is pursuing, but the professor just holds up his hand and says, "Not now we must get this chair to the warehouse."
Bob asks if they have a sheet to cover him with.  
The professor replies, "Not got time, the quicker we get there, the quicker we can get this sorted out."  
They set off for the reception.
Typical that when you least want an audience, you get one.  The reception is heaving with guests, who can't believe their eyes when they see the human chair, it looks like some legendary creature.  
Bob is extremely embarrassed about all this, but somehow manages to smile.  This makes the guests even more curious.
The Professor says to the porter, "Its OK I can take the trolley from here, on my own, it looks easy enough to use, I'll get it back to you very quickly."
The porter objects, saying that he cannot let hotel property out of his sight.  The professor argues that with all these guests, the porter will have enough on his hands.  The porter reluctantly produces some device out of a pocket of his uniform and asks the professor to leave a deposit.
Fingerprint having been recorded, the professor finds himself walking at rapid pace and heading out of the hotel, pushing the trolley.
The square was is as packed as before, so before anyone has the slightest chance to spot them, the professor takes a diversion, heading for the second entrance to the warehouse.  They soon find themselves inside.  Although it is quite dark, they can clearly see themselves by the entrance to the large craft that is their craft, the TOPITAS. The other Bob is pacing up and down whilst the Professor is calmly seated on a chair, the very chair that Bob is currently merged with.
The Professor exclaims, "See my idea worked!"
Bob, the other Bob, the one that was pacing up and down, has stopped.  He is staring at himself as Bobchair, he can't believe how ridiculous he looked.
The two professors and human Bob, quickly but carefully, remove Bobchair and get him aboard the TOPITAS.  They bid farewell, the Professor closes the TOPITAS door and sets about his urgent task, whilst Bob, the human Bob, pushes the levi trolley back to the hotel with the chair and the professor on it.
There is a cheer in the reception, as the guests believe that the whole human chair thing was a magic act or a publicity stunt.
The professor stands and bows, to create even more applause.  Bob wonders which was worse being Bobchair or suffering this, but he falls in line with the act, smiles and waves.
~~~~~~~~
Bob's door alerter sounds.  He is taking a shower.  As he expects the visitor to be the professor, he presses door open button.
There's a rather attractive young lady standing outside, looking straight at him.  She asks, "Do you always greet your visitors this way?  I have been sent to fetch you Professor.
Bob grabs a towel and covers himself, then realises that it is getting wet as the shower is still running.  He stabs the shower off button.  "Do come in.  Sorry I thought you'd be..."
"Older or a man?" The lady asks.
"The latter actually.  I thought you'd be the professor."
Two girls pass by the open door one says, "Nice room." The other gigles.  
The lady says, "Oh, please forgive me, I thought you were the professor, only they told me on the desk that...."
"I am his assistant, he is next door.  Probably also taking a shower if I know him." Bob replies, still feeling rather awkward at the fact that he is still standing in the shower naked with the door wide open.
"I thought you did know him?  You said you were his assistant?" the lady looks somewhat puzzled.
"Yes I am and do, I merely meant, that is what he would normally do."
The lady enters the room. 
Bob is both, somewhat relieved that he will be able to close the door, but also still rather embarrassed that the lady is approaching him.  He presses the door close button, and is quite relieved when the lady takes a seat in a chair facing away from the shower.  Bob quickly slips out of the shower dispensing with the wet towel and replaces it with a dry one.  He quickly locates his clothes and starts to get dressed.  He now wonders why he had placed the shower in line with door.  
As Bob walks behind the shower, towards the chair that the lady is in, he slips on some shower gel on the floor and ends up flat on his face on the floor in front of her. 
The lady exclaims, "Where do you come from? Your people have some mighty strange habits and rituals.  There I go again, my boss keeps telling me to watch what I say, I didn't mean any offence."
Bob realising that the embarrassment focus has shifted from him to her now, takes pity on her and says, "No problem, none taken.  I forgot I was in a hotel and that the shower was in line with the door."  Bob picks himself up off of the floor, the lady makes no movement.  As Bob rises in front of her, he notes although her clothes are quite plain, they have a certain flair.  Which makes him wonder what she does for a job.  perhaps she is in the tourist line and hence the reason she has been sent to collect the professor.
"Right." the lady says, sounding rather dubious.  
Bob thinks back to the reason for her utterance and remembers he was explaining the shower.  She continues, "I am Mia.  I work with Richard Glaceons, I believe you have worked with him before."
Ah so she is something to do with the person who had sent the message to the professor, that prompted their visit here, in the first place.  Bob replies, "Not me, but the Professor has."
"Oh Yes, Professor Moretime?" asks Mia.
"Actually it is just More." says Bob
"I could have sworn that it was Moretime, not professor Just More." says Mia.
"Its not either." corrects Bob.
"Now I am confused." replies Mia.
Bob notices how pretty Mia is, she has long auburn hair, which kind of curls under, to touch her neck, it bounces up and down as she speaks.  The dark makeup around her eyes accentuates her blue eyes.  Bob notices that she is staring at him and he remembers that he owes her some sort of explanation, explanation of what, oh that's it. Bob replies, "His name is Professor More.  If you like we can go and fetch him, he's next door."
They are soon standing in front of the professor's door and Bob presses the door alerter.  The door slides open.  The Professor is naked in the shower with his back to them.
Bob says, "We'll come back later."
"Oh what on the moons of Jedhaed have you been merged with now!" exclaims the somewhat exasperated professor.
"Nothing!" replies Bob, equally annoyed at the accusation that he would want to repeat the experience being merged with something else, let alone be that stupid. "I have Mia with me."
"You have your what?" The professor, still somewhat terse.
Bob calmly replies, "Mia is from Richard."
"He's sending gifts now is he? I have told you before we can't take pets."
"Mia is not a pet, she is part of Richard's team." Bob smiles apologetically at Mia, but she is not looking at him, but instead looking straight at the professor.
The Professor turns round to see Mia standing beside Bob.  She looks the Professor up and down and exclaims, "Nice top hat."
The Professor smiles, the door slides shut just as the professor says, "See you in the reception.  Nice to see you too Mia."
~~~~~~~~
"Just one question Professor?" asks Mia.
"Yes?" The professor smiling like a Cheshire cat.
Mia not quite sure whether to ask the question or not now, clears her throat then asks, "Why the top hat?"
"Oh, I didn't want to get my hair wet." the professor replies quite nonchalantly.
"But a top hat?" asks Mia.
"Very distinguished, I have been told." replies the professor, then continues, in a quieter voice, "So where is Richard?"
Mia looks about to see that no one is watching them.  Having assured herself that there is no-one around, she replies, "I will take you to him."
~~~~~~~~
As they enter the safe house, yet another plain looking building, a rather tall and stocky gent stands and holds out his hand, he says, "Glad you were able to help us out.  I am at my wits end, we have tried everything, hence my call to you.  Hotel alright?"
"Just a slight mix up with a chair, but all sorted now." replies the professor.
Richard decides that as the professor's comment sounds complicated, he will avoid seeking an explanation of that one.  Richard goes on to say "I hope my message was clear."
"Perfectly, once Bob had decoded it. Oh this is my assistant Bob by the way."
"Pleased to meet you Mr Byetheway."
Bob says, "What is it with this planet, can't get people's names right. You have e-dentity devices yet you still can't get it right.  I am Bob Martin."
"Well I was confused when the dwelling reported that there was a BUM approaching." richard replies.
"Those are my initials, Bob Ulysees Martin." corrects Bob, most indignantly.
"Have there been any further developments?" asks the Professor.
"What in Bob's name?" asks Richard.
"No, in the case you are working on. Any further leads as to where your brother has been taken?" The professor asks.
"Oh I see.  None as yet.  We are still unable to find out where they are keeping Edward." Richard sits and indicates chairs for Bob and the Professor.
"Alright, we can probably help out if you can let us have details of Edward's e-dentity and when he arrived, that would be helpful."
Richard hands the professor an e-reader, "It is all on here, thought that might be your first approach."
The professor hands the e-reader to Bob and says, "Could you run this through CITOS and see if you can find any residual traces on any planetary LANS, sometimes people accidentally reactivate the e-dentity units and even if momentarily the local net would pick it up."
"Good thinking professor." Bob accepts the device.
"Hey...." Mia calls out to Bob, when he looks back at her, she continues, "Mind if I tag along?" 
Richard looks at Mia quite disapprovingly.
"No harm, I suppose," the professor says, "Mia may be helpful to you Bob."  The professor completely misses Bob's, please don't lumber me with an assistant, look. The professor just dismissively waves him off.
Mia seems quite happy at the prospect of finding out how these visitors will tackle the problem.
The professor says, "Oh Can you bring a force field detector when you come back”
Bob doesn't ask why, but his face does.  There is no reply forthcoming however, as the professor turns his attention back to Richard.
~~~~~~~~
The vehicle seems somewhat crowded and come to that hot.  The people inside, have been waiting in it for some time now.  The fact that all the lights are off adds to the sense of unease and discomfort.  The street itself is dark and empty.  
They wait, the tension mounting. 
Suddenly several devices beep in the darkness.  A distinctive voice exclaims, "We have go."  It is Richard's voice.  The people who have been cooped up in this smallish vehicle all pile out through every possible exit.  They spill out onto the street, nervously advancing up, it towards the even darker building up ahead.
The fresh air is welcome. 
Richard asks in somewhat of a whisper, "Right what do we have to do professor?"
"Just walk this box around the target building and bring it back to me." The professor shivers slightly as the night air, so much colder than the interior of the vehicle, hits him.  He wishes he had done some research on the expected night time temperatures and dressed in somewhat warmer clothes now.
Richard suggests to one of his operatives that they get some coats for Bob and the professor.  The operative, somewhat reluctantly heads back to the vehicle and returns with two coats, holding them out for the two visitors.
The wait for the box to return, seems like an age, but it is only ten minutes or so.  The professor, gratefully receives the box, glad that now he has something productive to do.  He taps away at it for a while then calls Richard over to look at the screen.  The professor says, "There are two force fields in use, one here and other here.  Your brother could be held in either."  
Richard lifts his arm and speaks into his cuff, "OK we are go for power."
There is suddenly a loud crashing sound a couple of streets away, as a magnetic grab releases some metallic girders.  There are voices and someone asks if someone else had paid the energy bill.
Richard calls some of his operatives over to look at the professor's screen, he points to the locations of the force fields.
Shortly afterwards there is a lot of activity as Richard's people mount their attack on the building to release his brother Edward.
Richard paces up and down as he nervously awaits the outcome.
A report comes in that someone has been spotted leaving the building.  Richard instructs them to go in pursuit and arranges back-up.
After several nerve wrecking minutes, there is a report that the building has been sweeped, three people have been taken captive, but Edward is not amongst them.
The operatives that were in pursuit of the person who had escaped the building, before the raid, report that they have lost the person.
Richard throws his hands up and exclaims, "If only he knew, it is our people after him!"
The professor asks, "You are sure it is him then?"
"It has to be, where else is he?" Richard is frustrated, having come so close. "The problem is, he had such good instincts when he was in the service, that he is likely to go to ground now and the chances of either this lot or us finding him are pretty remote.  He was good, very good."
The professor is silent for a while, then asks, "Does he have an M.O. that would only be known to you, as his brother?"
"The only thing that I can think of, is getting to something historic, it is what we always used to do; but the nearest historic structures that I know of are the temples of Jedhaed.  Without access to e-dentity and funds he won't be able to leave the planet, let alone get to the temples." replies Richard.
"Are you sure there isn't anything on this planet that could be remotely classed as historic?  There must be something surely?" the professor asks.
Richard is silent for a while then says, "Well there is.... no even that has been redeveloped and there's nothing left of the original."
"What?" the professor asks in a somewhat dis-paring voice.
"The trading hall.... is built on the site where markets have been held for centuries, but there's nothing left now of the original structures." 
The professor asks, "Is this a well known fact, that markets had been held on the same site?"
"Well to history buffs that have some knowledge of the planet, I suppose." 
"Does Edward come into that category?" the professor, not waiting for a reply goes on to say, "After all you knew."
Richard smiles, as he replies, "True, he probably does, he may have read something on the flight here. After all, that's how I found out about it."  Richard instructs the agents to make their way to the trading hall and see if they can find the person they were pursuing.  
The wait is painful.
When a call finally comes in, Richard is surprised that it is a request for  back-up.  Surely if it was his brother, once Richard's people have identified themselves, he would put himself into their care?  So why do they need back-up?
The caller is insistent that the situation is disparate and they don't know how long they can hold their attackers off.
Richard orders the back-up support, then turns to the professor and says, "That obviously was not Edward, it has to be one of this lot.  Looks like we have even more work ahead of us.  I was so convinced that we had cracked it."
The professor says nothing.
Richard gets another call, at the conclusion of which, Richard tells the Professor, "The news is not good, our agents now need even more back-up.  Apparently there is a massive disturbance in the trading hall, so much so, that the authorities are now involved. This was supposed to be such a simple low key operation, now it is turning into war!"
"You do have a problem on your hands." the professor suggests.
Richard protests, "Hey what happened to team work professor?  We have the problem, it was your efforts that brought us here, to this building.  Probably best if we adjourn to the trading hall and see if we can rescue this situation."
"Sorry, I merely meant....", the professor quickly re-thinks what he was going to say and instead says, "You are right, a sound suggestion." 
The journey does not take long.  The trading hall is a massive building, its exterior is quite impressive it has carvings that represent that fact that trading has taken place on this site for centuries.  The interior is heaving with people.  There is a disturbance in the right hand corner of the large ground floor area, there are raised voices.
Richard leads the way, closely followed by the remainder of his people and of course the professor and Bob.
As they get nearer to the mass of people shouting, Richard catches brief sight of someone he thinks he recognises.  He turns, points to his people and indicates they try and sort out the confusion ahead.  Whilst to the professor and Bob, he indicates they follow him, in pursuit of the person he has just spotted.
The person that Richard, the professor and Bob are now pursuing, is dressed in a long flowing robe that covers their face, quite normal clothing for some clans on this planet.  Which is precisely why Richard is determined to keep the individual in his sights.  Richard just hopes that the professor and Bob can keep up, he dare not take his eyes of of the individual.
Suddenly there is a flash of the side of the person's face, it is almost as if someone had given Richard and electric shock as he realises it is his brother Edward.  He just hopes that Edward recognises him and stops.  They are still too far apart though for Edward to even register that he is being followed let alone recognise his brother in the crowd around him.  He seems to be doggedly concentrating on his escape.  It is then that Richard realises that Edward is not alone, someone is leading him away. Is this a friend or foe?
The person with Edward turns their head and looks straight at Richard.  
Richard stops instantly and pretends to be interested in some article on a nearby stall. 
The professor complains, "Ow! What are you doing?", as he collides with Richard.
"Professor!" Bob protests as he in turn bumps into the professor, not knowing,  that actually Richard was to blame.
Richard in low voice says, "Its my brother, I think he's being kidnapped again, there's someone with him."  Richard, picks up the article and comments on its workmanship.  
Bob picks up the intent immediately and joins in the praise.
The Professor rubbing bruises on his arm, protests, "If it is your brother, why are you messing about with that?"
Richard looks across towards his brother and the other man.  They are still heading away, but in a new direction, at even greater speed.  
"If only I could catch Edward's eye." Richard whispers.
"Well you aren't going to achieve that messing about with that thing." The professor complains, then heads off in pursuit again.
Richard puts out a hand and grabs the professor's arm.  The professor protests, "Do you mind! You have already injured me once, do you want to catch up or not?"
Richard hands the article he is holding, to Bob, then he says to the professor, "Sorry, but I think we can head them off if we head over there."
The two men head off at speed in the direction indicated, leaving Bob holding the article.  Bob tries to put the item down, but the stall owner, fearing loss of a sale, is now engaging him in conversation about the article.  Bob fearing that this discussion will become quite protracted and he will lose the professor and Richard is forced to buy the item, just to get away. The transaction completed, Bob heads off at speed after the professor and Richard.
The person with Edward appears to be quite concerned that they can no longer see the small group, their head scanning the crowd quickly, trying to pick out faces.  Richard has already spotted what is going on and has turned and is heading in a new direction and he has also slowed down. He waits a reasonable time before turning to check if it is safe to resume their original path.  Richard is pleased to see that Edward and the person with him, appear to be assured that they are no longer being followed.  Richard asks, "No sign of bob, can you see him?"
The professor looks about himself and replies, "No, I do hope he's alright."  the professor nods in the direction of Edward and the person with him, "Are they still onto us."
"No they appear to believe we've gone." Richard replies, then picks up speed in an effort to achieve their objective.  The distance between them closing by the second.
Suddenly the person with Edward appears to be rather edgy again and changes direction.
Richard exclaims, "Oh heck it's Bob, they have spotted him heading towards them."
"Where is he?" asks the professor.
"Behind us to the left.  Just wish he was better at disguising the fact that he's pursing them.  Ah this could work in our favour, he's changed direction."
Richard and the professor double their efforts and are soon ahead of Edward and the person with him.  
Edward looks straight at Richard.  Richard takes best advantage of this opportunity, turns and faces Edward full on, so there's no mistaking who he is. He also signs that the professor and Bob are with him.
Edward appears to be relieved, he heads straight for Richard, ignoring the person that he is with.  They are concentrating on Bob in any case.
Richard hugs his brother and aware that they haven't a lot of time to play with takes him by the arm, the group head for the nearest exit.  The professor just has time to sign to Bob that he should meet up with them at the TOPITAS.
Bob meanwhile spots that there's a further group of people who appear to have interest in Edward's former companion.  Their interest is so definite that the person is no longer looking at Bob.  Bob takes advantage of the fact that heat is off him and he briskly heads off towards the exit nearest him.
~~~~~~~~
Richard enthusiastically shakes the professor's and Bob's hands, "I really cannot thank you enough for your help here.  It is so good to have Edward back."
The professor replies, "Our pleasure, glad we could be of help."  Then he turns to Bob and asks, "Just what have you got there Bob?" 
Bob smiles, "I don't know professor, but I just wish that Richard had picked something smaller and lighter.  It was not easy to run with this thing.  At least it is kind of decorative, it will add to the TOPITAS's decore."
"Not exactly my taste, I have to admit, unless you are that attached to it, why don't you just leave it here?" suggests the professor.
Bob takes one last look at the object as if making up his mind, then puts it on the floor. 
The four men say their farewells.  Bob and the professor step aboard their craft, giving one last wave before the door closes.  
"Do we need to move further away" asks Edward.
"No need." replies Edward.
The large craft noiselessly fades and disappears, leaving the two brothers in the now almost empty warehouse.  It would be empty if it were not for them and the item that Bob had left behind.
<The End>

2. Better To Travel In Hope 

It was Christopher's first flight, let alone, first change of home.  Christopher was 6, yes the ripe old age of 6, he was into his second year at school.  He quite liked school, there was lots to do and find out about.  He had been quite looking forward to becoming an astronaut, heading out into deep space and a new home.  Mum and Dad had been looking at the information with Christopher, he almost felt like he had been living at his new home for the last couple of months.  He knew what their new house looked like, what the shopping mall contained, the local play centre and even his school looked like.  He had visited these places virtually several times already.  Apart from not actually setting foot in the rooms, Christopher knew their  layouts well.  His Mum thought it would make him feel more secure about the move.  The only thing that Christopher was not too happy about was the fact that Nanna and Gramps weren't also coming with them, but mum had said he could keep in regular touch with them.  It just didn't feel right that they wouldn't be able to give him a hug again for some time to come.  Dad said the flights cost so much that it would take several years before they would be able to afford to come back.
The day had come at last and here they were at the space port waiting to be called to board the craft that will be their home for the next three months, yes three months.  Mum had said it would seem like a long holiday.  Christopher had not seen so many people in one place before.  Quite a few were of alien race, of all shapes and sizes.  Christopher could not help but stare at some of them, they looked so... so..... strange.  His Dad had told him that it was rude to stare.  However, as Christopher noticed many of the aliens were equally intrigued and staring at the humans, he felt it just evened things up.
There was this one alien family that seemed quite interesting.  The youngest of the family seemed quite fascinated by Christopher and his little game, which involved dragging his suitcase around the departure lounge and pretending to check it in.  The alien father chats to his child and suggests that she ask the child's name and introduce herself.  The girl moves over to Christopher, gliding easily on her rippling lower limbs that move her along like a caterpillar's multiple legs.  It was almost like moving on smooth tracks. Her three eyes blinked rapidly, something her race did, to attract attention to themselves and to show that they are interested in someone else.  Christopher not knowing their body language and customs, thinks that she means him or his suitcase some harm.  The father says something and the girl slows right down and stops blinking.  This makes Christopher feel more at ease.  He smiles at the girl, as a sign of friendship.  She turns and starts to retreat at speed until once again her father speaks to her, obviously explaining that the human child means her no harm.  She turns and approaches again.  Once she has reached what she considers a safe distance, she speaks to Christopher.  Christopher looks over to his Mum and Dad in the hope that they can help out with the communication, as he hasn't a clue what she is trying to say.  Her front upper limbs are pointing to herself and she issues forth some rather melodious sounds.  Christopher's Mother has joined them now and she says, “That's a lovely name isn't it Christopher?  She is asking your name now.”
Christopher notices that the upper limbs  are now pointing at him.  He is glad that his Mum had explained this, otherwise he would have run a mile.  He points to himself and says, “Christopher.”
The girl makes an attempt to repeat “Christopher” then advances slowly and before long the pair of them are playing nicely together.  Whilst the parents exchange pleasantries, including why they are making this flight.  Turns out that ooos-low-fack, for that is the girl's name, has never seen her grandmother and they were on their way home.  They have been living on Klesti for some years and had just managed to save up for the flight home.  The alien father comments that having Christopher on the journey was bound to be lucky, after all wasn't it a tradition that earth travellers often carried a Saint Christopher token with them hen travelling as it was supposed to bring luck and ensure a safe journey.
The announcement that everyone has been waiting for, is made.  It is at the same time a relief and also a disturbance to the friendships that have been struck up.  Everyone gathers up their luggage and en-mass they set off for the area called the gate, two doors leading to a narrow corridor which takes them all to the craft itself.  As they progress down the corridor, they come to some windows, through which is the large craft, which is to become their home for the next 3 months.  Christopher's father stops and excitedly points out the view of the craft to Christopher.  The man behind them is rather impatient and complains about the delay.  Christopher's Dad points out that this was an important moment for Christopher as he won't be able to see the exterior of the craft until they get to the other end.
The impatient man, says that if they don't get a move on they won't get to the other end.  
Christopher looks quickly at the craft, but as he can only see a small part of it, he's not as excited as his father is, it just looks like another bit of the space port to him.  Christopher moves on to catch up with his  Mum, much to the delight of the rather rude and impatient man, who remarks, looks like your son has more sense that you.  Christopher's father is really mad with the man by now, but doesn't want to show himself up in the crowd, so decides to also move on.
Soon they are being greeted by the cabin crew, who are robotoids, capable of conversing in 63 languages.  This is the first time that Christopher has seen a robotoid up close, he is fascinated.  The nearest robotoid detects the e-ticket that Christopher's Mum is carrying and it speaks to her in English, it directs her to a lower deck, displays a map that suggests that they miss the first lift and go on round to the next.  The explanation issued by the robotoid is that there are bound to be long queues.  There are lots of people milling around in the narrow corridors ahead of them.  Christopher wonders if they are all going to fit onto the craft.  He hopes that the corridors aren't always so crowded as it won't be much fun trying to explore and get around the craft over the next 3 months.  Christopher's dad catches up with them, he was having trouble with one of the cases, it got stuck on the ridge that joined the space station and craft walkways.  The person behind him, was getting impatient again and had barged past.  Their partner protested that they did not have to be so rude all the time.  A sentiment that Christopher's Dad definitely agreed with.  He hoped that this lot were on a different level to them and that he does not keep running into them.
Christopher is concerned that Dad is lost, but his look of concern turns to a smile when he sees that his Dad is now catching up.  He barges past Mr Rude, who almost falls over, much to the amusement of his partner and Christopher.
The robotoid had been right about the queues, the queue leading to the first lift is horrendously long, Christopher and family are glad to be walking on to the next lift.  There are people wondering around in a daze, trying to find their cabins, first travelling in the direction of the flow and then trying to move against the flow.  Christopher is worried that he will get lost in all this confusion.  Eventually they reach the next lift queue and are glad it is quite short.  The lift doors open and the people pile in, as if it will be the last lift ever.  It is a tight squeeze, but luckily the ride does not take long.  The doors open and the people rush forward.  Christopher's Mum holds his had tight and says in a loud voice that this is not their floor and they need to get back in the lift.  When sufficient number of people have left the lift, Christopher's Mum pushes their way back into it.  Dad is still outside as the doors  start to slide shut.  The alien family that Christopher and his family had been conversing with are near the lift controls, the father reaches out and touches the door open button, before the lift has a chance to resume its journey.  Christopher and his Mum smile at him and nod their thank you's.  The doors open, revealing a relieved Dad, who quickly steps back aboard.  The doors close and the lift resumes its journey.  The doors soon open again revealing a nearly empty corridor.  Christopher's Dad exclaims, “Now this is more like it.”  The alien father also agrees.  Christopher's Mum consults the display in front of them and it shows where their cabin is.  The Alien family do the same.  They soon depart in opposite directions.  
Christopher is really glad when they arrive at their cabin.  The door slides open as they approach.  They enter, expecting to see the interior immediately, instead they appear to be in some sort of lobby area.  There is a speaker somewhere announcing that they may store their cases and outer garments in this area.  An inner door opens as the outer one closes.  Christopher breaks free from his Mum's grasp. He is delighted at the sight that greets him, it looks like a regular cosy lounge and food area.  There is even a toy box for Christopher to keep his toys in.  Christopher excitedly runs from item to item in the room.  His Dad deposits the cases in one corner of the room, whilst his Mum darts off to inspect the bedrooms.  Christopher's Dad checks out the workstation and entertainment facilities.
They all end up sitting down and expressing their pleasure in that what they have is very good and will “meet their needs nicely.”
The remainder of the journey passes well and Christopher and his family make friends with other passengers, passing many hours in contented conversations, games and enjoying the entertainments that are laid on by crew and the more talented passengers alike.
Then one day Christopher wakes up and senses that something is wrong.  The craft does not seem to have its usual sounds and the room is very cold, there are no lights on apart from a handful of  little twinkling points of light dotted throughout the cabin.  As Christopher emerges from his room, he finds his Mum and Dad trying to get the workstation to operate, but they appear to be having no luck.   Christopher's Dad remarks, “Oh no Christopher is up now, what are we going to do.”  
Christopher's Mum suggests that he go back to bed as it is very cold and they don't want him to get ill.  Christopher is far to interested to know what is going on and refuses to go back to bed.  His Dad announces that he is going to go out and try and find out what the problem is.  He gets fully dressed, then heads for the lobby, then suddenly remembers that there is no power, so the doors will not open.  
Suddenly there is a rather muffled announcement over the speaker system, it conveys that there appears to have been some sort of power failure and that the crew an Captain are working to try and fix the problem, in the meantime they urge passengers not to panic and to stay in their cabins.
Mum decides to fix some breakfast, but then remembers that without power the food generator will not work.  It is at times like this when she wished that she had packed some emergency ration food packs.  They decide that as it is so cold, they will all huddle in the main bedroom, to share warmth.  The time seems to drag by, and Christopher, whilst initially keeping his parents entertained with his play, soon gets bored.  They resort to some old style games that Christopher's Mum remembers from her childhood..  Then there's that muffled sound again, Christopher's Dad asks them to be quiet as the announcement could be important.  They do not catch the whole announcement, but the bits they catch, indicate that they had actually arrived at their destination, but something was wrong  on  the planet  and whatever it was had also affected their craft and as a consequence they were now adrift in space and without power.  They were unable to contact anyone, there appeared to be no-one alive on the planet.  They had tried to contact it long before they arrived and had lost power.  Despite best attempts the captain and crew had been unable to restore power.  They had also been unable to summon any other form of help.  They were now hoping that a freighter scheduled to visit soon, would be able to rescue them.  In the meantime, they were trying to get passengers out of their cabins.  The announcement dies out, the lights flicker and some go out.
Christopher's Dad says that the chances of the crew attempting to release them in the near future was pretty remote, after all they will concentrate on first and second class passengers first, the third class ones would come last on the list.  Christopher wonders what all this means to him, will they never get out of here and as his stomach growls, it reminds him, will they ever get anything to eat again?
Dad searches around for anything to attack the door with.  He takes some of the trim off of the wall but finds that as it is made with soft lightweight material it is useless for his purposes.  He next starts attacking the furniture.  Christopher's Mum, is quite concerned that they will get into trouble with the space liner company for damaging the cabin.  Then Dad points out the ridiculousness of her concerns and that if they don't get out of the cabin, they will not survive and the space liner company wouldn't be able to do anything to them anyway.  Mum still protests, pointing out that the freighter was on its way.  Dad points out that they hoped it was on its way and in any case whatever had affected their craft may affect the freighter too.  He resumes his attack on the furniture.
All this makes Christopher most uneasy.  Their nice lounge will no longer be nice.  They will have nowhere comfortable to sit upon, now that Dad has broken it.
Dad next turns his attention to the door.  It takes some time and a great deal of effort, before he manages to break the shielding panel, giving him access to the edge of the door.  Christopher offers a number of times to help out, but his  dad is reluctant to let him have a go.  Eventually Dad  manages to slide the door open.  When it slides back, the air is suddenly refreshed a bit, as the fresh oxygen rushes in.  Dad takes a moment to get his breath back, then starts attacking the panel on the outer door.  This one seems to give in faster, either it is thinner or Dad has perfected his technique.
Soon the outer door is sliding open, once its initial resistance is overcome.  They all leave the cabin and head off to their alien friend's cabin on the other side of the deck. The door is still sealed shut.  Dad attacks the panel to one side with gusto, but finds it harder to damage it.  He takes a rest and can hear knocking coming from within the cabin, this renews his determination to open the door.  Eventually he manages to break the panel enough to be able to lever the door open. To his relief they find their alien friends had managed to open the inner door.  They all head for the nearest stairs, knowing that the lifts will not work.  The stairs are hard work, but they manage to rise up to the leisure deck, there a few people milling around looking somewhat dazed and confused.  The captain, can be seen some way off surrounded by a large group of people.  He is trying as best he can to communicate something to the masses, but being of Trulliox descent, he is finding this difficult as there are not a lot of races who understand Trullioxian.  Christopher's Dad gets as close as he can to the captain and strains to hear what is being said.   Ooos-low-fack's father has joined him.  Christopher's Dad catches a few words, but not enough to make sense of what is being said.  When the captain has finished a large group of people break away and appear quite disappointed.  Christopher's Dad,  ooos-low-fack's father and another get together and try and make sense out of what they have between them caught of the announcement.  When they rejoin their families, their faces cannot conceal the bad news.  They tell of the fate that awaits them.
Apparently the planet had been attacked, all energy generation capability had been destroyed, the atmosphere polluted, here was some form of reaction taking place in the planet's core which was building up to the extent that in a few hours the planet and anything in its vicinity will be ripped apart.  Whatever had affected the planet's ability to generate power had also affected their craft.  It also transpired that the scheduled freighter had also arrived and was likewise trapped here helpless in space.
Ooos-low-fack's father remarks, I don't even think Saint Christopher will be able to get us out of this fix.
The two children play together quite happily, unaware that their very existence was about to end.  But perhaps it is better to travel in hope than to arrive.
<The End>
3. The Angel Without A Name

Why the desperation to leave that place so quickly, when he does not even know what or where it is?  Come to that, he doesn't even know who he is.  The need for a sense of identity, of belonging to somewhere, there it is again.  He had felt this before.  Now when was it, that he had this desperate sense of needing to know who he was?  It was in that, that place, with its tubular structures and so much white, he had never seen so much white, apart from those things that were attached to him, they broke up the white, but not by much, they were only small, leading to that grey box that made those noises.  Just what were those noises?  They were so annoying, to the extent that he just had to get out of that place.  What was it about the obsession with white, even down to the garments he wore?  He knew that he did not normally wear these garments, but just what did he wear?  Who was he?  There, that question again, just suppress it for the time being, it got him nowhere to think about that one again.  He had gone from the place, where he found himself, into the one next to it.  Where a man lay sleeping, the kind of sleep he imagined he had been in until he had awoken.
Out of desperation he hunted this place for anything that he could wear, that was not this awful white.  On searching the box like thing, beside the thing that the man was lying upon, he found some garments that were not white, imagine it, not white.  He could hardly contain himself, what was that feeling that had come over him.  The search for another name, but none came forth, so he satisfied himself with the fact that he now had garments that thankfully fitted and looked so much better than the white.  At first he had trouble figuring out just how to put these garments on, then an image came to mind, just how he knew not, but it clearly showed how these things were to be worn.  The image was of a man wearing such garments.  Once dressed, he turned his attention to getting out of this place. 
The man lying down, stirred out of his sleep and spoke.  Knowing not what the man was saying nor the meaning behind it, he understood only that the man was in need of some soothing noises, so he made what he thought were appropriate noises and was rewarded as the man smiled and went back into the comfort and safety of his sleep again.  Whilst he turned his attention back to escaping that place, that was the concept he was searching for, escape.  He headed through the door and towards the light at the end of this, this box like structure, with see through panels either side and entrances similar to the one he had come through.  Towards the light, he must go towards the light.  Just what drove him on, he knew not, but towards the light he confidently headed, avoiding those beings that got in his path.  He was not challenged in any way.  The latter fact had surprised him.
Now he finds himself sitting here on this hard surface, watching, watching these beings, these, people, as they go about their doings, not doings, but business.  How does that happen? I think something, then something within me corrects me, tells me what things should be called, what their proper name is.  If I know, why can't I think it right first time?

What is that woman up to over there?  Unlike the rest, all rushing around without a second to spare, she sits alone, watching, just watching, just like me.  She looks, what is the word?  She looks sad and lonely, but what is this?  She smiles, but why this change?  The thought 'He was an angel' comes to me, but who and why?  I understand.  A man had given this lady a piece of paper that gave her the power to buy some food and a drink, this had happened before now, last night, is when it took place.  If only she had not used it all, she would not be hungry now.  The lady is touched by that man's kindness again as she remembers what he had done.  Angel, the name echoes in my mind.  Like a bolt of lightening, it strikes me, that  is what I am, I want to be like that man, to help people like this lady, that is my task, my purpose, I feel it in my core, my very being.  At last I have found out who I am, I am Angel.  Rather than just sit here watching, I should take part, do my best to help those in need of my support.

My attention is suddenly drawn towards a noise, a disturbance, in the midst of all this activity, there is something not quite right, there is a raised voice, but one that is out of tune with the rest.  The voice belongs to a smaller person, not a smaller person in just the physical sense, but in the sense of understanding as well as size, a child, that's it.  The child is unhappy about something and is protesting to someone, someone quite close, but not just close in distance, but close in that they know each other, the man, what is he?  The man, is the child's father, that is it, he is the child's father, he cares for the child, but he feels a loss of control in the situation, a sense of desperation, of despair, how can he end this, this rift between him and his child?  There is a sense of, of unreasonableness, the child, it is the child who is being unreasonable, the father has tried, tried hard to make the child see that it's protests are unreasonable, but the sense of desperation is very high, what can he do, what should he do?  I get a sense that these are two different questions with two different answers, both perpendicular to each other, pulling in different directions, setting up another source of despair, of longing for this to end, but at the same time, doing what is best for the child, to set it on the right path or to set it on a path to make it happy and contented again. I, Angel feel the man's dilemma, feel his pain.  I too want what is best for the child, for is it not, the very nature of Angel to want the best for it's people?

The father has made a decision that he thinks, satisfies both questions and gives the child the purse.  He tells the child to get what it wants, but it is not getting a penny more than is in the purse.  The child protests that there isn't enough to get what they want. The child throws the purse away.  I feel the father's torment rise again, the purse lands near to me.  I hope that the child will come to pick it up, it will come to me for guidance, but what should I tell it, what should I say to make a difference to add to what its father has already told it.  The child does not head towards me, instead runs away from both me and from the purse.  Feeling that the answer lays somehow in the purse itself, I pick it up and and run in pursuit of the child.  I call out to the child, pleading for it to stop, to take its purse.  I feel the father's concern, his horror that I am chasing his child, but he hears my plead to the child to stop, to take the purse.  The child ignores me and runs on.  I put on an extra burst of, of what, of speed, that's it.  The child senses my change and it changes direction, to my relief it is heading back towards its father, who just waits to see what will happen.  As the child gets ever nearer, the father starts himself to run, to run towards the child.  We both catch up.  The father holds onto the child preventing it from running away again.  His mind is somewhat more settled, in more of a state of calm, he has settled the questions, has made his decision, as I hold out the purse for either to take.  The father is determined that due to the child's state of mind, it is not going to give the purse to the child, a lesson has to be learned here, it must stop here and now, this can not go on.  The words that come out of the father's mouth do not match those that I somehow know he is thinking.  He takes the purse, opens it and empties out the contents into my hand.  Pieces of paper float down into my hand, along with a few metal disks.  The child stops its struggling, knowing somehow that it is all over, the disbelief is clear to read, the child cannot believe that its father has given away its money, its money.  How can a caring father do such a thing and to a complete stranger? 

I, Angel, on behalf of the child, protest at being given the child's, what was the word, the child's money.  The father feels confident that he has found the solution to the lesson and insists that for my, for my trouble, I should keep this spoilt brat's money, but what happened to the child, how did it get replaced with this object of dislike?  The father now dislikes his own child and calls it by another name, a name of, a name of brat, a name of dislike.  Yet still there is a feeling of, a feeling of care, of wanting to do the best for the child, a feeling of love, that's what the father calls it, love.  I, Angel must support this feeling, I sense it in my core, that Angel must support, must nurture this feeling of love, the same feeling that man last night had shown towards the lady to whom he had given the piece of paper.  Pieces of paper, I hold the answer in my hand, the answer to that lady's immediate needs, a meal, a drink  I am sure now that what the father is doing is right, is out of love, love for his child.  The sense of brat has decreased, the feeling that what is done, is right, it is strong in the father now, it is strong in me.  I make appropriate noises to confirm that right has been done.  I cup my hands over the paper and turn to walk away.  The child hates me, in that one instant.  I feel sadness in the fact that the child hates me, I want to make the child happy again, I want to give it back its money, but the questions come back to my mind and I am convinced that the father is right in his love.  Without further hesitation I continue to to walk away, back to where I was sitting.  I am relieved to see that the lady is still there.  I go straight to her.  She looks at me in fear at first, that is until I hold out my hands and open them to show the paper that she needs.  I make appropriate noises and the lady smiles, she thinks 'You're an Angel'.
There I have it on good authority, I am Angel, I am love.
I turn and walk away.  The lady watches me as I walk away.  I feel her pain, her dilemma.  But I have given her the paper she needs, what more can I do?  I stop, I turn and I hear her croaky voice and her thoughts are the same, in unison she says to me, with all her being, 'please, come and share a meal with me Angel, I need you to talk with me.'
We sit, I make appropriate noises, as I want to know why she is not like the others, busy, with paper enough of her own.  She tells me her story, of the time when her mother died, of her aunt who took her in to her house, yet she was so cruel, little  child, no more than that, the little girl, with the long flowing brown hair and bright blue eyes, could not believe that this lady was her own mother's sister. Her desperation to get away from that cruelty, it had lead her here today, with no, what had she called it, no education, no job, no money.  But in all this, I sense that whilst life has not been good to this lady, she has her moments of kindness, of sympathy, of love.
My head hurts, but quite why I cannot tell.  I suddenly have visions, as if they were before me, instead of the table, the food and the lady.  I see broken metal, lights, odd shaped things, through a haze, a haze of smoke.  I am hurt, I feel pain, I stumble from thing to thing, I hurt myself even more.  Then the visions clear and I am back again.  The lady is concerned about me.  She has got up and is standing beside me, she is, she is caring for me.  I assure her that I am alright, that it was something I cannot explain, as I do not understand it myself.
The lady sits down again and asks me about myself.  I do not know about myself, so how can I answer?  I simply reply, I am Angel.
The lady smiles a wry smile, like one being the subject of a, what is it called, a joke, that's it, a joke.  Then suddenly her expression changes and she has the look of understanding upon her face, as if a shared, a shared, oh what is the concept I am searching for, searching for a secret, that's it, a shared secret.  There is a great sense of trust about her, I have a strange feeling about me now, what is it now, I felt it when watching the people earlier; when one lady spotted another, who seemed to be dressed particularly well, or at least that is what she thought.  Ah it comes to me now, not one thing but two, envy and jealousy.  That's it I feel envy, no not that one, jealousy, that this lady before me has knowledge about me that I do not, but just what is it?  I want to know.  What, she thinks, that I work for some supreme being, someone who has set me the task of looking after his creations.  She thinks I am some servant of a games master?  The thought of it repels me, I work for no-one, I work  for the good of everyone, I am not some puppet of some supreme being.  My chain of thought is broken as yet more visions flood into me, like a river overflowing its banks and rushing down the streets and taking over the houses and.... I see this place of calm, of few buildings, there is much green around this place, some tall but wide structures, ah trees I believe.  This is the countryside, I think.  I see a rectangle, upon it has some black marks, but what do they mean?  It is a name, of a person?  No, the name of this place.  I have an overwhelming desire to go to this place, but where is it?  What is the name?  That will be the key to finding this place.  I look at the name again and it comes to me, Winstoneleigh.   I have a feeling that I will see people who are linked to me in some way, at this place.  I must get there, the sense of desperation rises within me.  
The vision clears, but the desire to get to that place has not.  The lady with me is looking at me again with great concern, it makes me wonder what I do when these visions come upon me, it must be pretty worrying whatever it is.  The lady asks if I have just had a communication with the almighty, she must be referring to this supreme being that she favours so much.  I without saying anything, smile and ask her how I can get to Winstoneleigh.  The lady is quite surprised at my question.  She goes into deep thought, the place is at least known to her, but her recollection of exactly where it is, eludes her searching mind.  Then I feel the joy as she remembers that it is an out of the way place only reached by road, whatever that is, oh yes she supplies the answer, something called cars uses this means of getting to places, then she thinks that I probably don't own a car, so she suggests using the bus.  Before she even speaks a word, I ask what bus is and where can I find it?
The lady whilst surprised at first remembers that I am Angel and she thinks of a series of patterns, I have seen these before, oh yes on that grey box thing that I was joined to at that, that horrible place of white. 
The lady's thinking changes to another identifier, a name, what is it, she isn't being clear, oh yes here it comes, Radchester.  I have to get the bus to Radchester and that will take me to Winstoneleigh, such a complicated way of doing things.  My last remaining question, remains unanswered as yet, where do I find this bus?  I have to resort to asking, as the lady is not going to volunteer the information that I need from her.  
Not only does the lady tell me where I can find this bus thing, but she asks me if I have some money for the, what does she call it?  Oh yes the fare, a piece of paper comes to mind, but not of the same type that I handed to the lady earlier.  This is somewhat simpler and much smaller, it has far less in the way of patterns on it.  The lady refers to it as a ticket.  Such a strange way to live our lives, with such complicated things needed to get what we want, get to where we want to go.  I am sure that there are simpler ways.  Then briefly some come to mind.  The chip in my hand, I had forgotten completely about that, implanted at creation and stays with us for our lifetime, so much easier than these pieces of paper swapped for other pieces of paper and all to say that I can travel on this bus.  Just how I got on this bus I fail to remember, but here I am with the others, staring out of the see through panels, trying to make sense of the things going past us and the things we are passing by.  What was it, the man said when I got on the bus, it will take about forty five minutes.  This meant nothing to me, apart from his thoughts that it was a marker of something called time.
Apart from the fact that this bus thing is rather, what is the word? Ah thank you sir, rather bumpy and jerky, two very interesting concepts and strange words to go with them.  The man across the path, is also not too comfortable, although he seems to be in more of a rush than me to get to his place of destiny, I think that is what the man in charge of the bus, the bus driver, that is it, that is what he is called, the bus driver.  He asked me what my destiny was.  I at first, had told him the name of the bus, Radchester.  He said I did not have enough money for Radchester, that is when I remembered what the lady had said, it should cost you no more than a fiver and do not ask for Radchester, but instead ask for Winstoneleigh.  So my destiny was set upon the paper called a ticket as Winstoneleigh, although try as I might I cannot get the patterns on the ticket to match up with what I had seen in my vision.
The journey seems to take a long time, at first it is quite interesting, with new things that I had not seen before, my fellow, what had the bus driver called us?  Passers?  No that was not it, ah passengers, my fellow passengers supplied names for the things I was seeing.  They often supplied other bits of information, such as they loved these or they were afraid of those.  The man across the path, even recounted a story about when he was chased by one of the four legged things called a ball.  I can feel his fear.
Here at last is the pattern matching my vision, Winstoneleigh.  The bus driver even calls it out for me and smiles as he stops the bus and opens the door for me to leave.  I find myself waving my hands enthusiastically to my fellow passengers.  Most wave back, all except the man with his mind still on that fearsome creature, the ball.
Here I am, what now, I ask myself.
Two people walk towards me, they look me up and down and give me a strange look.  I wonder why, am I wearing my clothes incorrectly for this place?  I am getting no clues as to why they seem to be, what is the phrase now, ah yes, so unfriendly.
I sense someone is behind me, this confirmed as I feel a finger tap me on the shoulder, accompanied by a man asking me, 'You're not from round these parts are you?'
Such perception, I think to myself, amazing how does he know?   As I turn to face the man, I am surprised to see that he has about 3 parts of my 4 in terms of height, oh sorry that was to say, three quarters of my height.  His lack of height is due in most part, to the fact that he is bent, leaning forward, as if on his way down to pick something up that he has dropped, but then changed his mind in mid course.  He has hair on his face, much of it too and it is white, no more like grey, but not as grey as that box.  It is, quite untidy, if I can say that of some who has hair upon their face.  A most strange sight it is.  
The man has been observing my stare, not put off by my silence, he resumes, saying, “Thought so.  What you doing 'ere then, come to visit someone?  If you're 'ere for business, there ain't none, even the post office close a fortnight back.  Mrs Jenkins had to give up her knittin' business as it were going to cost too much to get 'er stuff to us next nearest post office.  If you're thinking of setting up a business, folks round 'ere wouldn't trust you, afore you been livin' 'ere for good on ten year or more.  Look at what 'appen to the newsagents, he be open but four days 'afore he had to give up and sell off as a house.  That were a shame after spending all that money doing he up and all.”
I marvel at the way this man is freely giving me all this information and in exchange for what, he merely wants to know what I am doing here.  If only I could give him an answer, for I do not know myself even, what purpose my visit here is to serve.  I must just wait for the next vision to make itself known to me.  In the meantime, how should I satisfy this man's, this man's questions, no curiosity, I think is the word.  He looks at me awaiting an answer to his plea, to know what I am doing here.
Unrelenting, the man starts on another line of questioning, only this time he attempts to answer his own question, in the hope, presumably that I will agree to one of his scenarios.  He says, “I know, you seen one of they pictures in one of the county glossies and you quite like the look of it and fancied a trip out 'ere.  Must be, as you don't 'ave a car and the bus is a long way and too unreliable a method of transportation for a business trip, unless you is planning a long stay, but then you have no suitcase or overnighter.  Perhaps you have fallen upon bad times and have a long lost relative what lives in these parts and you're about to throw yourself upon their mercy....”
My view of the man fades away, as does his voice and instead I find myself upon a hill, looking down on the village, some distance off below me.  It is blackness, the blue sky with white patches has changed to black with white spots here and there.  There is a lighter sort of black on the ground before me, apart from the fact that on the bus this stuff looked green, yet is now without green, but more like black.  I can still make out quite distinctive buildings, such as that, what did the man call it, ah yes the post office and over there is the newsagents, which now looks pretty much like any of the other houses.  Then the tall building with a pointed roof off further to the right.  I have a strong feeling that this place, the hill, is where I should be going next, but how do I get to it from where I am now?  As I look around, I see a path to my right, it leads right down between the buildings.  The vision fades and the blues sky returns, along with it this man who is still going on non-stop about my reasons for being here.  Not wishing to upset the man, I make appropriate noises to indicate that his first guess of me seeing pictures of this place, made me want to visit.
The man kind of smiles, at least his face wrinkles up, it is difficult to make out exactly what he looks like under all that hair.  That hair, this time it is my turn to be curious.  I ask the man why he has hair on his face.  He is quite taken aback by the question and for a while is silent as if consulting some external source of knowledge.  Then he takes a deep breath and I brace myself for another, what is it called?  Oh yes I brace myself for another dose of verbal onslaught.  I am surprised as the man simply replies, “Well us don't bother much about such things, when us is alone, does us?”
I am left to wonder who the us is, if he means to include me, I hope I do not look like him.  As I have not seen my face, well not since that place of whiteness, when I was shocked as I saw part of a person looking at me through the wall.  Then worked out that I was looking at myself in some reflecting surface, ah yes mirror, I think it is called.
The man volunteers, that the meadow down by yonder stream, just on down by the churchyard,  is said by many,  to be quite a sight to behold.
Thinking that this will be an ideal opportunity to lose the man I make appreciative noises and walk off in the direction that he indicates.
The man, not prepared to let go of me that easily, so to speak, asks, “So us will see you latter then will us?”
I, not intending to keep the deal, but just wanting to satisfy the man again, make appreciative noises, which seems to satisfy the man.  He watches as I walk towards the building with the pointed roof, the churchyard I think he called it.  I can feel him still staring at me, watching to either make sure I do not stray off the suggested path or do not come to any harm.  I know not which, his motivation drives him towards.
Really I want to turn right, before I get to this churchyard, but I have this strong feeling that I will be re-directed towards this meadow thing that the man so much wants me to experience.  As the black time has not come, I am sure I have the time, there that concept again, the concept of the passing of time, whatever, it is the marker of.  I disappear from the man's view, as I turn down behind a building, oh thanks, the man has just told me it is a house.  He thinks I am a nice chap, but a bit strange.  Strange, he thinks I am strange.  He takes, the, what is the phrase, he takes the first prize there thinks I.
I can see at the bottom of this path that there is a place of large greenness and other colours dotted in-between.  This must be the meadow that the man speaks of.  I walk down into it and take great joy from experiencing this place and hearing that strange continuous sound.  I have heard something like it before, where was it?  Come now I must remember it, ah yes it comes to me now, the place of white had some sort of white curved thing on the wall and when someone came into my room I heard a noise like the one I hear now.  The person had moved one of those shiny things before the noise started.  This is different though, it seems like it will not end now.
The visions come upon me again, shame, as I was enjoying this place, this meadow and I wonder if the noise is the scream that the man mentioned.  It is black time now, those spots in the sky, the place of Winstoneleigh spread below me.  I must be back on the hill.  I look around, there are faint sounds, but it is strange when compared to the blue skies time, as that is much noisier.
Something suddenly catches my eye, off to the right, is it a bigger spot that is moving, getting bigger by the moment?  Yes it is getting bigger, it is coming towards the hill, towards me.  I have this overwhelming feeling that I am about to see friends again, people who mean even more to me than those I have seen earlier, earlier today.
The spot grows even larger and there is a faint noise now to go with it.  The noise grows as does the spot.  It is taking better shape now, I have seen this before, I have definitely experienced this before.  It brings much joy to me to see it, to hear it, to experience it.  I wait in joyous expectation of being re-united with my friends, my people.  Today has been good, being Angel, but I have the strong feeling that there is more to Angel, more to me, than I have known today.
The thing that hovers above me is making quite a deal of noise now.  I suddenly feel my whole being flooded in light, in warmth.  The blackness has gone and is replaced by blue, silver and orange.  I know these colours.  I have an overwhelming feeling of home, of belonging, this is my place, these are my people.  I feel and understand the language and concepts that they are sharing with me.  They, like me, are joyous that I have been brought back to my people my race, my home.  There in the distance I also feel a sense of awe, of wonder of loneliness.  It is the old man who wanted to know what I was doing at his place.  He is now satisfied that he has his answer, oh no he is not satisfied, he has a longing in him, it tells me that he wished he had talked to me for longer and found out more about me.
I think to my people about Angel and Angel's need to make people happy.  They understand  and before I know what is happening, the old man is standing beside me. Angel is content, the old man is content, my people are content, I explain to the old man that we are going home now.  He smiles, I know he smiles, his hair upon his face no longer hides his smile.  He is no longer alone, he has us and we have him...... doesn't us. 

<The End>

4. Be Careful What You Wish For

Six months to get here.  Six months of proposing, supposing, planning and now finally here.  They are heading down towards the planet.  Only three from a total crew of twenty.  It was always going to be this way.  Even William, the pilot of this small shuttle craft has more than one specialism.  Sarah specialised in culture, archaeology and architectural studies.  Pieter's specialisms lye in the directions of medicine, biology and chemistry.  The latter being an overlap with William, oh yes William as well as being an ace pilot, was interested in geology and chemistry.  What a team?  Just right to explore a deserted planet which had been rumoured to at one time to have an amazing civilization on it.  The fly by pictures had indicated that this must have been the case, as they showed incredible structures, that were obviously designed and constructed, rather than natural in formation.  Closer inspection indicated that the whole seemed to be interconnected with some sort of transport infrastructure.  Despite months of observation and various readings, there seemed no signs of life.  
This team of three were now charged with finding out more about this planet and its peoples. 
Pieter, despite a stern telling off from the captain, had refused to wear regulation craft to planet clothes.  Pieter strong in character and a face to match, long thin and stern looking, his dark curly hair adding style and individuality to his look.  Pieter has a serious outlook on life to match his looks.  When standing, and there was not much chance to do that in this small craft, he was taller than the other two.  He had said, when they first met, that his height, was why he had been picked as part of the team; as he could see further than the other two and could keep an eye out for distant but approaching trouble.  Despite Pieter's serious outlook on life, the latter comment was not his only stab at humour, he has quite a dry sense of humour, that often left the recipients wondering if he is joking or serious.
Sarah, quite short in stature, but certainly no push over, has light brown hair, a round face, that could almost be described as chubby, yet the rest of her body did not come into the same descriptor, in fact she was quite slim.  It was almost as if her head had been transplanted onto another body, the two seemed somewhat of a mis-match, although the overall appearance was quite attractive, well certainly to William anyway.  He had been pursuing Sarah since day one of their training.  He was sure that her determined stance on not mixing love life with work colleagues, was on the verge of cracking.  Sarah had been spending more time with William of late.  He was sure that their slight overlap of interest in geology and history wasn't the only cause of this.
William, now how to describe William, medium height, a roundish sort of face, not quite as round as Sarah, he was slim and very fit, being keen to spend a lot of time in the gym in order to keep up his state of fitness.  He wouldn't describe himself as a fitness nut though, he just liked to look after himself.  William has dark brown hair, blue eyes, quite a happy go lucky character, although he could have his serious moments.  
Although William is concentrating on the landing, he takes the odd opportunity to check out the monitor and take in Sarah's beautiful face.  He sees the look of fear on her face, he knew she didn't like these craft to planet transfers.  She had confided in him some time ago that she was always worried that something would go wrong.  The long flights between planets didn't worry Sarah, one little bit.  William smiles as he thinks, 'Don't worry Sarah I'll look after you, nothing is going to happen to you, the landing will be a smooth as silk, I can assure you.  William is quite shocked, as it appears as if Sarah is looking straight at him through the monitor, almost as if she had heard him.  Maybe she has just spotted his smile, that's it, she has spotted his smile.
Pieter says, “Hey steady William, you don't want to smear us on the planet's surface, you seem to be coming in a bit too fast.” 
William checks the readings and comes to the conclusion that Pieter is just being mischievous and probably detected Sarah's fear and is playing on it.  William wishes that Pieter would mind his own business, if only William could reassure Sarah without making it more obvious that she is afraid.  He resorts to to simply saying, “Actually we're bang on target, doesn't pay to slow down too soon or we'll use up too much fuel, we have got to get back you know.”
Sarah snaps at pieter, “He does know what he's doing, I've seen him practising on the simulator and he's an ace.... according to the system.”  The latter added as an authoritative statement rather than as matter of personal opinion.
William smiles as he thinks, 'That's my girl, fight the nerves, don't let Pieter get the upper hand.  Thanks for the support by the way.'
The landing is as promised on the label, as smooth as silk.  Sarah breathes a sign of relief as William shuts down the engines and other controls.  Then William declares, “OK time to suit up ladies and gents.  As you're closest to the locker Sarah, do you want to go first?”
“What give you guys the thrill of watching me, no happy to go last.  No need to play the gentleman card, I know the truth about you two.” Sarah replies with a large smile.
Pieter replies, “Not as if you have to strip off to get into the suit, come on Sarah we've seen your undies before anyway.”
William comes to Sarah's defence, “It's OK she doesn't have to go first, you're next in line Pieter.  I'm sure you won't mind obliging.”
Pieter, decides he's outnumbered and just makes a fuss about the awkwardness of getting out of his seat and across to the  suiting chamber. 
William waits for the green light, then slips out of his chair.  He lands beside Sarah.  His eyes run a quick scan of her delectable body laying there, on the flight couch.  He doesn't mean to pause quite as long as he has.  
Sarah asks, “Do you have a problem William?”  William is tempted to say something about finding her really attractive or something like that, but resists.  Instead he makes some excuse about thinking he had forgotten something.  Sarah smiles an all knowing smile, then says, “Better get a move on, or Pieter will think we're too scared to leave the shuttle.”
William heads off to the suiting chamber.  He sees that Pieter has not closed the outer airlock.  William mutters something about laziness and sets about closing the outer airlock, after checking that nothing is in its way.  He is suited up in next to no time, thank goodness for these newer light weight suits, the previous ones were far too bulky and made such exploration a really cumbersome task.  As William fastens his suit he dwells on the thought of Sarah getting suited up in a few moments in this very chamber, he wishes he could be a fly on the wall so to speak.  Everything about the way Sarah moves sets him all of a quiver.
The instruments, tell William that the external temperature is a quite comfortable eighteen degrees Celsius, a heck of a lot better than the coldness of space.  He waits for the chamber to cycle.  He is startled as he feels something touch his right arm, then hears Sarah's voice over the comms unit as she says, “What not gone yet, if you think you're hanging around here forget it.”
The airlock ready, William stabs the open button  and waits for the door to finish opening.  He turns and Sarah is precariously balanced on one leg as she pulls on her suit.  William is tempted to lend a hand, but knows that she'll just get cranky if he does.  She seem so vulnerable as she balances there and struggles to get into her suit.  William muses that in every other respect her movements are usually graceful, yet give her a task like this and.....  William's attention is drawn back to exiting the craft as a sound in his ear tells him that the airlock door is open and he must enter the chamber.
The ground feels like a fine sand, not a blade of grass or even a weed in sight.  This sandy soil isn't very deep though, below is some sort of hard surface.  The combination of the hard smooth surface and the sandy material made the landing so smooth, well that and William's skill of course.
William looks around for Pieter, he's nowhere immediately to be seen.  Suddenly there is movement out of the corner of William's left eye.  He hears Pieter ask, “Well you going to stand there all day or are you going to give me a hand?”  Pieter is removing equipment from the store in the side of the shuttle.  There is already a considerable stack of odd shaped boxes piled on the ground.  
William offers to assemble the trolley and Pieter accepts the offer, he never liked assembling that thing anyway.   
Sarah is soon helping Pieter load the boxes onto the newly assembled trolley.  The three of them set off for the structures, Pieter and William dragging the trolley behind them.  Sarah wondering on ahead, keen to start exploring.
Sarah comments, “Seems strange to build a city in a desert.”
Pieter says, “Maybe it wasn't a desert when this place was built.”
There's no reply.  
They soon reach the closest part of the structure. The first item visible is some sort of art installation , or at least that is what it appears to be, it doesn't seem to have any functional purpose, more for decorative effect.  They walk down the side of what appears to be a tallish building.  There are no windows, the wall is perfectly smooth and silver in colour.  Sarah taps on the wall and ascertains that whilst it looks like metal, it does not have a metallic sound.
The group reach some sort of entrance.  They examine it closely, but cannot find an easy way to open it.  William digs around in one of the boxes on the trolley and comes up with a couple of strong looking bars.  William and Pieter set about forcing the door open.  After a great deal of effort they are successful.  The interior is really dark.  William gets a light out after putting the bars away.  They pull the trolley inside and are glad that the light is doing its work and illuminating the vast internal space well.  Although there isn't really much to light at present, this area seems to be some sort of lobby area, with large open space, looking very much like the entrance to a shopping mall.  Some distance away, there are long balconies, with what look like vertical tubes connecting them.

William and Pieter stop pulling the trolley, William pulls out another two lighting panels and hands one each to Pieter and Sarah.  They gladly take them as William explains, that it is in-case they get separated.  They abandon the trolley, and walk on into the main part of this building.  The way ahead looks quite eerie, even with two of the lighting panels shining straight ahead.  It is almost as if in the shadows far ahead, someone or something could leap out at any moment.  
There are things littered all over the floor, as well as a reasonable layer of dust, which gets kicked up as they walk through it.  The three find that they have to walk carefully, to avoid tripping.  It is partly the dust that makes the way ahead look so eerie.  There are partitioned areas to left and right, some completely open with what looks like furniture within, whilst others have some sort of frontage, some semi transparent and others opaque.  Plenty of signs of previous occupation, things like cups, bottles and the like laying around, most look as if they have just been left where they were last placed, almost as if there had been a fire drill at this place and the people had never returned when it was all over.  The scene goes on and on, with very little change apart from the occasional openings where the balconies of the floors above could be seen, when the three look up.  Every so often they came across one or more of the vertical tubes.  There appeared to be nothing in them, it was almost like having large ventilation tubes with open doorways leading straight onto each floor.  The three could find no way to get up to the higher floors. 
Every so often when something of interest catches their eyes the three stop and examine it.  Pieter takes several samples of the dust and some other materials that he finds.
 Light can be seen up ahead.  The three wonder if this means that there are still people around and that this is where their settlement is.  Nervously they approach, expecting to be pounced upon at any moment.  The closer they get, the more tense they become, until eventually they emerge into the light and find that it exists because, this is an open area, that whilst it has a roof over it, the roof is transparent and is letting the daylight in.   There are no special signs of occupancy that would indicate that anyone was still living here.  The dust was just as thick as elsewhere and items littered around, just like the other areas they had been through.  Ahead lies some sort of large plaque, like a place name.  The language not known to them, they are unable to read it.  They walk towards it and inside this new area are rows and rows of what look like shelves.  Sarah examines them more closely and pulls something off of the one nearest to her.  The item is semi transparent, or at least parts of its surface are transparent, whilst others are not.  It is like a rectangular box.  Sarah takes it over to Pieter and William, she says, “I wonder what these are?”
William points to what looks like a bank of screens to the right and says, “I wonder if it has anything to do with those.  They walk over to the row of identical oval things that look almost like picture frames.  As they do so, lights suddenly come on high above them.  The three freeze as if they had been guiltily caught stealing the item that is still in Sarah's hand.  Nervously they look about them, but there is no sign of movement or life.  Then suddenly off in the distance they spot what looks like a human figure stood still by one of the racks.   Pieter reaches slowly for his weapon, which he felt, he had no need of before now.  The figure makes no move, presumably as terrified as they are.  William suggests that Pieter keeps his weapon ready for use, but out of sight.  William likewise retrieves his weapon ready for use.  The three slowly advance towards the lone figure, which is still not making any attempt to move.  Sarah can be heard to swallow hard out of nerves.  It makes Pieter and William jump to suddenly hear the noise over their head sets.  After having scanned all around themselves and assured themselves that nothing has changed they continue to advance.  They get close enough to see that the figure is actually the equivalent of an advertising cardboard cut out.  
The three breathe a sigh of relief, retrace their steps back to the row of screens.  William points to an indentation in the desk and Sarah slots the rectangular thing that she has been carrying, into it.  The screen instantly comes to life.  It seems to be displaying some sort of logo and a menu.  Without any reference material, it is impossible to tell what the items are.   Sarah stabs one and shrugs her shoulders saying, “Well it was worth trying anything.”
Some sort of presentation begins, there is faint sound, but because of their suits, they cannot hear it clearly.  Sarah pulls a microphone out of one of her suit pockets she places it by the screen.  It is also at this time that Sarah realises what the metallic structures in front of the desk are for, it is a kind of seat.  She manages to perch herself on this arrangement and Pieter follows her lead.  The three watch the presentation for a while.  As familiar items are displayed on the screen and the associated words also displayed, between Pieter and Sarah they manage to work out some sort of translation.  Pieter notes on his ePad what they have discovered.
William gets bored and decides to wander off.  He has decided to explore the other shelves to see if there is anything else of interest here.  After some time, he comes back with a few more of the rectangular boxes and fires up another screen.  The first two boxes are of no interest at all.  The third one however, appears to be of great interest, it appears to be something about chemistry and biology.  William waits for a convenient point to disturb Pieter and Sarah.  Pieter shows great interest in what William has found, whilst Sarah wants to persist in her study of the box she is viewing.
After about two hours, Pieter, suddenly lets out the cry, “So that's what happened to them!  I don't believe that they were so naïve.”
William who had only been able to partially follow the thread of things, asks, “What have you found?”
Sarah joins them as Pieter points to the screen.  He has managed to pause and rewind the presentation.  He plays it and explains what he thinks he has discovered, “The people of this planet thought that they had discovered a way to cure most ills, that came in the shape and form of viruses.  They invented the ultimate anti-virus treatment.  It kills all viruses.  See this sequence here, all those coloured patches are viruses of various types, now they are administering the anti-virus and look..”
William and Sarah as one say, “The viruses are being killed off.”
Pieter says, “This is somewhat sped up, but you can see how fast it is.  The sequence seems to be over a period of a day's rotation, which in our UTC time frame is about  half a day.”
Sarah asks, “That's great isn't it?”
William says, “I don't think so, it may seem like a good idea, but we actually need some viruses to survive and certainly other life forms need them to maintain their food supply.”
Pieter says, “Absolutely right William.  This lot not only killed themselves, but they killed their planet also.  They invented the most efficient killing organism ever.”
Sarah says, “Surely the anti-virus itself must also be dead by now, with nothing left to eat it must have starved to death?”
William nods in agreement.  However, Pieter says, “Not so, viruses until activated are just a collection of chemicals in a convenient package.  They can survive almost anything in a state of suspension.  Put them in contact with any living cells and they are revived again.  This anti-virus works on similar principles.  As soon as the package comes into contact with living cells or a virus package, they become activated again.  They could last in suspension forever if needs be.”
William says, “So our suits and equipment could be contaminated?”
Pieter replies, “I would say our stuff has definitely been contaminated.”
 “We can't stay in our suits forever.”  William exclaims, then continues, “We would be infected as soon as we open our suits.”
Pieter adds, “Nothing aboard the shuttle will decontaminate the suits either.”
Sarah asks, “Surely it can't be that bad.  They assured us that the airlock decontam would deal with anything.  You're just panicking, we will be OK.”
Pieter replies, “If only it were as you say Sarah, I would dearly love that to be.  But what we have seen here tells us the worst.”
Sarah grasping at straws says, “These people may have faced some sort of natural disaster and been forced to abandon the surface, for all we know they may be living underground, or could have fled the planet to live elsewhere.”
Pieter replies, “The disaster they faced, was of their own making Sarah.  There was no escape from it, none whatsoever.  The anti-virus did its work too well.  The evidence is all around us.  There is no sign of life left.”
“You'll have to prove it to me, I just cannot believe it.” Sarah says.
William asks, “Is there anyway that we can prove the existence of the anti-virus?”
Pieter replies, “Yes we have the portalab on the trolley, if we can retrieve that I can test some of this dust around us and see if any of the anti-virus still exists.”
William says, “OK let's go back to the trolley and see what we can find out.”
Sarah replies, “Not on your Nelly, with all this information around here, I'm not going, there's still too much to learn.”
William suggests, “OK you stay here and Pieter and I will fetch the trolley.  We could do with some food and water anyway.”
Pieter says, “Right lets get going then.”
~~~~ Later ~~~~~
“Sorry Sarah, that proves it, look here on the screen, see the coloured patch, that is the anti-virus.” Pieter triumphantly says.
“Don't know what you're happy about, we're going to die here just like these people did.” Sarah replies.
“Sorry I didn't mean to sound so happy about it.” Pieter replies, “I wish I had not been proved right.”
Sarah asks, “Have we nothing on-board that would fight against this thing?”
The reply is simple and straight to the point, “Nothing.”  Sarah can tell from Pieter's tone, that he says this with great regret.
There's silence for a while, then Sarah says, “That's it then, we just have to do what we came here to do.”
“What's that?” asks William.
“Find out as much as we can about these people.” Sarah replies.
William says that he had best inform the others what they have found and they had best get out of here.
Sarah says, “They should only go once we have transferred to them what we have discovered.  I have packaged my first discoveries, you two had best do the same, then at least this mission hasn't been a total waste of our time...... and lives.”  Sarah can't help but start crying.  
William rushes over to comfort her.
Pieter, feeling very uncomfortable at this outburst of emotion, decides to go off in search of more information boxes and to see also if he can make any sense out of the structure of this library.  He knows he should be recording his findings to transfer the details to the mother craft, but he just cannot hang around Sarah and William.  There's just something about the way that those two carry on, it makes Pieter uncomfortable and angry.  Don't they know it annoys him.  They behave as if he wasn't around, so he might as well not be around.
~~~~ Later ~~~~
Pieter hears William's distressed call and Sarah's laboured breathing.  He didn't mean to be gone as long as he was.  He had found more display screens and had been viewing the other boxes that he had found, then got engaged in what he was viewing and completely forgot the time, everything else had faded into the background.  Pieter rushes back to where William and Sarah are.  Sarah is laying on the ground, she and William are out of their suits.  
Pieter immediately thinks the worst of the pair.  
William rushes over to Pieter and Pieter asks, “Are you two nuts, why did you take off your suits?”
William explains that Sarah was finding it difficult to breathe, she was also complaining that she was very hot and William could see no purpose in her being more uncomfortable, than she already was.  As she was the last to suit up, she was probably already infected from whatever had come  in  through the airlock, when William had entered it.
Pieter asks, “But why have you taken your suit off?  You could have lasted longer, as you would not have been infected?”
William replies, “What is the point, without Sarah, there would be nothing.  In any case, she needed comforting, I couldn't do that in the suit.”
Pieter wonders what sort of comforting William is alluding to, but then the professional in him kicks in, when he see the state of Sarah's skin, there are all sorts of blisters and skin defects showing.  Pieter knows that she can't have long to go before the really serious symptoms will kick in.  However, he must try his best to make her exit is as comfortable as possible.  He fetches some medicines from the trolley.  He instructs William to put some cream on Sarah's face and arms.  He fetches a hypapp and administers a dose of pain killer.  Sarah's face is contorted in pain.  Between laboured breaths, Sarah lets out a little yelp of pain as the hypaapp administers the drug.  
William is gently applying the cream, as he does so, he asks the question, “Any..... any idea, how long?”
Pieter knows it can't be long now, but as to exactly how long, that could be anybody's guess.  He simply replies, “A matter of hours maybe.  We just have to make her comfortable. “  He can see that the pain relief seems to be taking effect as her face is less contorted now, although the breathing remains laboured.
William asks, “Can you do anything for her breathing?”
Pieter tempted for a moment to explain what is happening, inside, but thinks better of it and just replies, “Afraid not.  I know its not nice but there's nothing we can do.”
Sarah gasps and holds up her hand , catches William's, in so doing stops him applying the cream and she says, “I know you love......” sharp in-take of breath, then continues, “...me and …. I'm sorry I haven't been easy to.....” another in-take of breath, “.... get on with, but I didn't want...... to complicate things..... I loved you when........” again laboured breath, then, “I first saw you.....  I could see you were a …. are a kind and sensitive....... man,  The mister right ….. I have been searching for.”  Again laboured breathing and a long pause before she lets out a brief but painful scream, she clutches her stomach, doubles up.  Then after a few seconds, she resumes, “Its a shame that I found you too late.  I will always love you, as much as I know you....”
Sarah exhales and her head slumps to the ground.  She breathes and says no more.  She doesn't need to, William knows.  He pulls her limp lifeless body to him and hugs her.
Pieter undoes his suit.  William briefly looks at him with the unasked question on his face.
Pieter says, “What's the point?  I might as well go now, there will be no one to see me off anyway.”
William says, “Sarah and I will be waiting for you.”
Pieter now wears the questioning look.
William simply replies, “On the other side.  We will wait for you to join us.”  He holds out a hand to Pieter and he continues, “We've always been a team, why should that stop now?”
The hypapp, normally an instrument of curing does its work swiftly and painlessly dispatching first William, then Pieter.
The dust of the Humans and the dust of the Destiak lays together, but neither are here, for they have found their peace elsewhere..
In search of your peace, of your cure, be sure that you tread the path of humility, do not dare to think that you tread the path of a god, for there lies much sorrow, much pain and loss.
<Is this the end?>
5. Testing, Testing, 1, 2, 0

Julia hated it when Matt was hooked up to the Nuro, his attention always seemed to be elsewhere.  This morning was no exception. That little device stuck to the side of his face, with its flickering light, indicating he was deep into searching for or taking in some information or viewing a vid.
It was almost impossible to get Matt's attention, Liv had described it as like Matt having another woman and Julia having to compete for Matt's time.  Liv, short for Olivia, was Julia's older sister.  Liv was OK but could be a bit smarmy, as in she played the older and wiser card too many times for Julia's liking. 
Resigning herself to the task of getting some breakfast, Julia goes straight for the dispenser, catching the reflection of herself  on the nearest wall, she thinks, 'That's something else I hate, the effect of dammed weightlessness on my hair, its impossible to get it to look good.”  Julia had toyed with the idea of getting her hair cut really short for these stints on the moon station, but she could never  quite bring herself to actually get it done, despite assurances from Liv, that it would 'grow back in next to no time.'    Yes, it would just get to a reasonable length and the next tour of duty would come around.  Anyway Matt loved her long hair as much as she did.  If only it was more manageable!
“Hi you're up at last.” Matt took Julia by surprise as he spoke the words, she thought he was going to be in his trance state, at least for the time it took her to fix and eat breakfast.
“You were up early, considering you pulled a late shift.” Julia replies.
Matt smiles, “Couldn't sleep.”
“What your experiments not going to plan?” Julia strokes his face.
Matt looks down at her hand and is amazed that even though they are out in the weightlessness of space, Julia could still keep her nails in pristine condition, painted as though she were about to go out to dinner to some really posh restaurant, in a few minutes.  He smiles, moves his head so quickly that as he kisses her fingers she jumps in surprise, not expecting the contact.  This causes her to move quite quickly across the food area.  She feels the thump as her back collides with a cupboard.
“Hey careful sweetie! You don't want to hurt yourself.” Matt remarks.
Julia reproachfully says, “You know I don't like you doing that!  So anyway, why couldn't you sleep?”
Matt does his mock hurt look, then replies, “All this stuff on the net about piracy, just makes me nervous about our little trip.”
“That's not for a while anyway.  You don't want to take any notice of what they put out on the NuroNet, its probably just some journalist's wild imaginings, that has everyone fired up.”
“I know, I know, but I just can't help wondering if there's something in it.”
Julia smiles, “You know you're so gullible, taken along by the next newest thing going on the Nuro.  Surely whoever dreamt this whole thing up has gone too far now, claiming that whole planets have disappeared.  If it were pirates what benefit can they find in making whole planets disappear, especially as there have been no ransom demands.  What are they hoping to gain?”
“Maybe there's more value in the things they are taking, than some form of ransom, after all whole planets will have loads of minerals and other resources and what better way to own it, than to take the whole thing?”
“Yes but what about the existing inhabitants?  I'm sure they would have something to say about it.” Julia protests.
“Ah but what if in the very process of taking the planet, all the inhabitants died instantly, there would be no-one around to object.”
“You know Matt, you're such a charmer.  It all seems too fanciful and fiction like for me.”
~~~~~~~~~~
New Technology, the very sound of the category is exciting, let alone the technology itself..  At least that was how Mike Lessiter felt.  He had been aboard many such ships before, but each time the excitement was just the same.  The name may be different, this time QN-E22-063, but the excitement is still there.  Funny how the Queen's Navy were not sentimental about the naming of the their ships, purely functional labels.  Mike could remember the days when things were different, when he worked on the commercial development testing, when the ships would have exciting names like “Swordfish Flash”; now that was a craft, so sleek and fast, boy was it fast.
The attraction of Navy?  Well it sure wasn't the paintwork or the names, but the technology, it far surpasses anything Mike had seen or used before.
Mike just hoped that this latest baby won't disappoint.  Although why he should even think this; disappointment and Queen's Navy did not go together, it just isn't their way.  Their designs are triple tested before any component is even made, let alone used.
At least test pilots, like Mike, were still needed, to give the final kit a thorough run through before it is put into operational status.  
Mike liked the fact that he and his fellow pilots would be the first to fly these things.  And with a track record of only two failures in 22 years, that has to be a good success rate.
Conventional drive had taken them out into the clear space lanes, well clear that is apart from other craft using them.  Clear, in this sense, meant clear of stars and planets.  That was important when testing out new kit like this.  There would be hell to pay if when the first time you switched on the new technology it not only blew itself up, but also took out a planetary system or two. 
Kelly gives Mike the all clear to shut down the conventional and fire up the new drive.
Mike's right hand shakes as he reaches out and touches the controls, to carry out the needed actions.  
Despite the sound shielding, it was instantly obvious that the drive had shut down.  The absence of that droning noise was impossible to ignore.  At first it was as emotionally painful, as when the drive first fires up; like a rope burn, you can't take your mind off of it at first, but then gradually you ignore it, until suddenly someone rubs on some sort of anaesthetic and you feel it again, before the pain goes.
Then there is the new noise, a lot quieter, but a different sort of threshold of feeling.  This one not in the ears, but a strange feeling affecting the whole body.  Not pain, but more a feeling of unease, like the anticipation that something was about to happen, but the longer it goes on, that feeling of unease does not subside.
Mike exclaims, “Just look at her shift! Ulios was right, we are going to need a new unit of measure for this type of travel.  Apart from the systems we are approaching, I can't see anything out there, it's so fast!  How the hell can you steer this sort of beauty without crashing through dozens of planets and systems on your way.”
“That's where the navsys comes in,” Kelly replies, smiling, “You can't steer it, apart from deciding where you end place will be.”
Mike smiles back, the excitement reflected in his voice, “This is a whole new way to travel isn't it?”
Kelly replies, “Not so sure I'd want to do much of it in a craft like this though, my  stomach is killing me.”
“With me it's more an all over feeling of impending something and I can't put it down to the usual excitement.” Mike comments.  Then he stabs a control and asks, “Hey guys how is it for you?”
Several voices come back at once, all describing different effects, but all of them adverse, some more so than others.
Mike sums it up, “So all in all for short trips only then guys?”
The un-resounding result is a definite yes.
Kelly announces, “Good job we've arrived at our destination then.”
~~~~~~~~
“What the hell was that Jetar?” Asks the person with most braid on his uniform.
“I do not know sir, but whatever it was, has swept us billions of light years off our course.  The navsys has identified this area of space as possibly being in sector Gamma Theta 22.” replies the nearest person on the somewhat cramped bridge of the ExoCellios a rather impressive battleship of the Kaldie system.
“From your response, I suppose we won't be home in time for tea after all.” remarks the first person, who then adds, “I suppose we had best tell them and set a new course for home.”
The third person in the room says, “I don't think you have a full appraisal of the situation sir.”
“More like I don't understand what the heck you are saying.” 
“Well we are so far off course and so far from home that we won't get back in our lifetime and any message sent home will arrive long after all our relatives have passed away.”
“Mmm that is worse than I thought.  So Jetar what do you think caused this?  Is it possible it could happen again and take us back?  Or should we wake the Captain and put her in the picture?”
~~~~~~~~~
“So they have definitely stopped flying those craft then?” Julia asks.
“Yes, none have flown in the last fortnight.” Matt replies as he tries to figure out which sachet he is going to tackle next.  He is thinking that it would help if they were colour coded.
“How did they link the disappearances that happened before the thing first flew?” asks Julia.
“Interesting one there, the person who invented the drive went back to their original principles and calculations and once they realised that the drive not only affected the area of space around the craft being propelled, but also things elsewhere in space, they suddenly made the link that the effect could also travel in time.  That is when the penny dropped.  It also explained why it wasn't always other craft, but sometimes whole planets.  Just goes to show you can be really careful about your theories and calculations, reducing risks and dangers as much as you can, but until you test it out, just can't be sure that it will work and be safe.”
<The End>
6. Life, At What Cost?

I 'ave been here so many times before, it almost seems like a second 'ome; a 'ome I'd rather not 'ave.  As I'm now 17, that's a lot of return visits.

Perhaps I should start at the beginning.  When I was four, signs of the illness started to appear.  At first THEY were unsure as to what was causing me difficulties.  When they discovered what it was, me mother says she would, 'ave rather not known.  Especially given the cure, but she seems to 'ave long since come to terms with it.
They first started messin' about with the basis of this treatment in the early twenties, now its twenty forty eight and there is five others like me ,out there, somewhere.  Yeah there was failures along the way, but they never told us about them, weren't in anyone's interest.
The door to me room opens,  “Are you decent?" The all too familiar voice of nurse Williams asks.
I reply, "For once, yeah."  She always has the knack of coming in when I'm getting changed, 'ence the question.  Not that it should really matta, but they love to keep up pretence in this place.
"We have a new guest arriving today, about your age according to the records." Nurse Williams walks in, smiling as ever.  I know she means well, but I 'ate that smile.  See what I mean about pretence, they can't even be honest enough to say patient.
I greet the news with dread, another person that I'll be expected to get along with and I could do without that, especially at this time, after what 'as happened.
Every time I 'ave to come back to this place, it takes me away from college, school in me earlier years.  From those what I 'ave become friends with.  It takes me out of things for at least a month, sometimes longer, if it don't go quite to plan.  You'd have thought that I'd 'ave become used to it by now.
Every time I go back to me normal life, me so called friends are very strange towards me.  They looks at me like I 'ave suddenly grown two 'eads.  They say I 'ave changed, well of course I've bloody changed!  Usually it makes me taller, longer in the arm and a couple of times I 'ave needed an upgrade of my torso.  The previous not being capable of supporting the new longer limbs.  Then there was that upgrade to my head, I had started to get headaches and they said me brain had outgrown its cage.  Cage, I ask you?  Makes me sound like a bloomin' zoo specimen!
"Well aren't you curious to find out more?" Nurse Williams enquires.
I dare not answer what I really feel, as I know  she'll give me a lecture about not feeling sorry for meself.  I can certainly do without another of those, I feel like I could explode.  I just 'ave to disguise it and pretend that I'm alright about all this.  It seems to make them all happier if I do this big pretence.  If only I could be meself.
"Alright you're dying ta tell me, do I know 'em?" I remember to smile as I ask the question.  Although this isn't my real face, I 'ave learned to drive it really well.  I had to re-learn everything that a baby takes for granted. Hence, the years that I had no contact with other children, THEY didn't want me scaring 'em to death.  The fact that when I first saw meself,  I nearly died of shock, meant nothing to them.  Or at least it seemed to have no effect on them.  THEY was too interested that signal to noise ratios were low enough, actuators and sensors were performing well.  The fact that there was a person, me, behind all this didn't seem to matter, not to the scientists anyway.  The psychologists were different though.
"No, you do not know the new visitor." Nurse Williams replies, smiling back at me.  There's some mischief in that smile, I wonder what she 'as up her sleeve now.  She is obviously going to make me work for this information.
"Is it a Lemon or a Cadbury?" I just love to get her going with what little slang I know.  Although I 'ave no real interest in the answer, as no doubt, it'll be some moody kid, who I'll be required to give the usual pep talk to, about it not being so bad.  Completely at odds to how it, actually is.  Why do they make me do this shit?  I often promise meself that I'll tell it as it is, but as soon as I see the fear in their eyes, it takes me back to how I felt.  Last thing I would 'ave wanted then was the raw truth.
The psychologist would spend ages chatting through me fears and feelings about what was 'appening to me.  Perhaps it's part of cost cutting, or perhaps they just feel I am balanced enough and 'ave had enough coaching to enable me to cope on me own.  I could do with a bit of honesty though.  I can't even talk with me mother, she always gets on the defensive and takes me problems as something she could 'ave done something about.  Instead of making me feel more at ease, it makes me feel guilty that I 'ave these thoughts and feelings, so now I do the pretence, you know, that I'm coping with it all.
I am brought back to the 'ere and now as nurse Williams  replies, “As I do not know what  you have just asked and I know you are not going to tell me, it is a girl."  She smiles as she replies, like she's just scored points over me.
"What's wrong with 'er then?" I ask.
Nurse Williams' disapproving look is enough to make me instantly know I've stepped over one of the many unacceptable lines, too many for my liking.  She and the others all insist on positive thinkin' and talkin', see something going wrong, as an opportunity, not a threat and all that half glass full crap!  It's crap, the whole lot of it.  Why they didn't just let me die on the operating table, when I was out of it and knew nothing, beats me.
“Car accident." she replies, like she's playing a fish on a line.  I'm supposed to keep up this feed me a bit of line and I'll take the bate crap.
I find it difficult now to figure out what was actual memory of the early years and what was told to me.  Add to that the window dressing that THEY applied to situations.  It was like brainwashing.  THEY was so good at it that they had me believing their version of the truth.  Even me own mother did it.  'Er justification would 'ave been that it made it all more bearable.
Alright then, let's play nurse Williams' game, "Total or partial replacement?"
In my case, I had to have regular replacements or upgrades as THEY called 'em.  That usually meant both arms and legs being replaced at the same time, so that balance could be maintained.   And if there's one thing this lot and me mother couldn't 'edit' with their version of things, was me return visits to this hell hole. The stays was always filled with dread, although I rarely had any pain, there was always awkwardness and embarrassment; as I had to learn how to drive the latest upgrades.  And it was never easy.  See I even think like a bloody machine, anyone else would say 'use'.
"Partial." nurse Williams replies, she just loves this game..... too much for my liking.
Me mum and this lot had decided to send me to school with other kids as I was apparently getting' too, what did they call it? Morose, that was it, morose.  I was quite excited about it at first and thought I could get on with the other kids, but they treated me more like a pet, fascinated by what I could and could not do.  It was like a science project to them.  I hated it!
"Top or...."  I draw the line there, I just can't say it.  Might conjure up images and I'm up to here with those.  just don't go there.
"Legs." she replies.
"Not so bad then, should be a quick job."  I sound as unfeeling as one of the surgeons.
"Let us hope so.  Poor girl has suffered enough, according to the notes.  Both her parents were lost in the accident."
Poor kid, but don't pile any more guilt on me, I have enough to cope with.
"Do you need anything?" Nurse Williams quickly surveys the room, just to make sure there's nothing that I overlook when I reply.
"A pair of legs would be nice." I laugh.  As there's no response, I know my attempt at humour has missed the mark entirely, so I add, "Na ya can take the breakfast stuff if you like.”  then in an effort to sound positive and keep 'er 'appy I add, “I'm just going to take in some new tracks, that I spotted on the Nap.  As mum sent me a voucher I can do more than window shopping now, if I like 'em."
"You lucky thing you.  I will just take these then." She reaches for the tray, just before she departs she looks round and suggests, "Perhaps we can listen to some of your new music later?"
"Yeah, be good.  Later then." See what I mean about pretence, she pretends to be interested, yet she couldn't give a monkeys really.  I'll have to be careful which ones I play.  My real choices will be too morose for 'er liking, because that's how I feel.
~~~~~~~~
She looked somewhat different than I expected.  I caught brief sight of her a few days back, when I was out in the corridor test driving me new legs.  
The first pair had a problem in the net connex apparently.  Some berk had fitted four point oh ready connex protocol webbing and I'm only two point oh.  Not that I really understand the difference meself, apart from four point oh isn't, what did that techno geek call it?  Oh yeah, backwards compatible.  Get this, at 17 I'm outdated, can you get that?
No doubt she'll get the best and be four point oh from the off.
Anyway I was telling you that she didn't look anything like what I expected.  I was expecting some daddy's girl blonde.  Instead she was kind of plain looking, In fact her hair really short and dark brown.  I thought it was a lemon at first, sorry lemon squeezer, you know, a geezer, a boy. 
It was when they did the handover thing what they do; case notes, name, date of birth, natty health number and all that.  They mentioned her name, Felicity Greenway.  Felicity, pretty name, even if the face don't match.  Well ya know what I mean.  You kinda expect 'em all to be 90210, these days.  You know that early twenties thing, what's making a big comeback on the vid.  Well most of 'em at my college thinks they are 90210.  I gotta admit most of 'em looks the part too.
She, this Felicity, must 'ave been half out of it with the drugs and all, as she was just lyin' there starin'.  She gave me a brief glance, like she was taking note of where the doors was and I was one of 'em.  There was no spark in 'er eyes.
Anyway that was a few days back now.  According to Nurse Williams she's had the tests and measurements and they should be kitting her up in a day or two.
I Wonder if she knows anything about what happened and her losses?
Nurse Williams said I could go down and meet her today if I wanted.  If I wanted!  That tone in 'er voice, indicated there weren't actually much choice in the matter.  I'll be expected to do my ambassador bit.  I gotta tell you I ain't been lookin' forward to this, one bit.
The knock on my door.  It feels like the knock when they is coming to collect the condemned man.  I try to sound cheery, as I invite Nurse Williams in.
The walk down the corridor is short, too bloody short for my liking.  Nurse Williams taps on the door.  The response from Felicity, is totally unguarded, unfiltered, un-sanitised. "What the bloody hell do you want now?"
"I have just brought you the visitor I promised you." Nurse Williams replies, then asks that question that I know so well, "Are you decent?"
"No I'm stark naked and dancing my butt off." comes the  reply from within.
I just have to laugh, even if it is beneath me breath.  At least she has a sense of humour, even though it is tinged with anger.
Cautiously Nurse Williams opens the door, peeks in, she seems reassured by what she sees. So much so that she opens the door wide and walks in.  "Well here he is."
There's a mumble from within, but nothing I can make sense of.  Nurse Williams  looks round at me and indicates I follow her in.
Felicity looks somewhat strange kind of propped upright on the pillows, the bedding dropping earlier than you'd normally expect to see, but then I've been there many times myself.  A lack of legs does this.  It just seems strange to see someone else like it.
I feel awkward as I say, "Hi, how's it going?"
She looks me up and down, as if she's sizing me up before a fight. She says,"Bloody hell its robo man.  Is this some sort of motivational stunt?  Send some guy in with a Hollywood makeover to make me feel better about things, you people are sick!"
Nurse Williams says, “There is no reason for you to behave like this, if you had half an idea what Ian has been through, you would never even think, let alone say anything like that.  He has come here out of the goodness of his heart to see you.”
Bloody, 'ell no need to lay it on that thick, more like I 'ave been dragged 'ere against my will.  Felicity's face carries that well recognised 'whatever' look.  I can't blame 'er.   I say, “It's alright, she wasn't to know that I am for real.  Most people don't when they first see me.”
You'd have thought Nurse Williams had been insulted herself, when she replies, “There is no reason to be so rude.”  The latter mainly aimed at Felicity.
“Perhaps it would be better to come back another day, when Felicity has....” I just don't know how to finish that sentence.  Has what? 
Nurse Williams looks disappointed, but before either of them has a chance to say anything I slip away.  I'm just too embarrassed.
I 'ear Nurse Williams giving it some, saying that she hopes that Felicity is happy with herself and that it is no stunt, I really am like I am.  
Then I 'ear Felicity' say, “I couldn't give a shit what he's been through, the last thing I want now is to be reminded that I'm going to become a freak too now!”
What a bloody nerve calling me a freak!
~~~~~~~~
I wait a couple of days to let things calm down.  Me included.  I actually feel sorry for 'er, Felicity I mean.  While she ain't going to be as bad as me, probably feels just as bad to 'er.  If she's still feeling mad, well she's in good company.
I tap nervously on the door, hoping there's no-one else in the room.  I 'ear Felicity say, "If you're expecting me to open the door, forget it I'm still too knackered from this morning's walkabout. Come in, I'm decent..... before you have to ask again."
I smile as I recognise the frustration.  I push the door open and walk confidently in.  I ask, "How's it going? Tiring to learn how to drive these things isn't it?"
“Oh its you.  Did they..." Felicity nods towards the open door.
“No they didn't put me up to it, I just wanted to see how you was getting on.  It's bad enough having to cope with the changes without feeling you're on your own."  She's actually listening to me.  The look of 'whatever' is no longer on her face.
“Tactfully put, considering I've just lost my parents."  The anger still there, but I can't blame 'er.  She asks, "Why do you want to bother wasting your time with me?"
“Because no-one is a waste of time." I reply.  Bloody 'ell I sounds like one of THEM, the glass half full brigade.
“I can assure you I am, why don't you piss off, go and annoy someone else?"  I can feel the venom in her voice.  If she was a snake, I think I'd be backing off now.  As she's a hurt human being, in need of some support, I'm not minded to give in so quickly.  In any case I recognise the approach, I 'ave used it meself before now.
“Look I'm not in the mood for any goody two shoes, things could be worse, talks.  As far as I'm concerned they are as bad as they can be and no amount of talking up is going to make any difference." She looks away from me.
Determined, I close the door and walk further into the room.  I don't know why I did it, probably out of rebelliousness at her stand against me.
She obviously thought I had gone, the shock on her face when she turns back round.  She says, "I'll scream if you touch me."
"Why would I want to touch you, just want to have a chat."
"Well I don't want a chat, I've had enough of chats, the bleeding psycho guy was here yesterday giving me all that."  Her hand imitating the movements of someone talking nineteenth to the dozen.  Strange phrase that, my mum often uses it, I haven't a clue what it really means.
“So you test drove your new legs then?" I point to the legs sitting on the chair in the corner, "How did you get on then?” no response, but I am not put off so easily, I continue, “Not easy is it?"
She sits in silence staring at me, presumably in the hope that I'll give up and clear off.
"I've had several refits now and its never easy to get used to each new set of legs, you'd expect it to be easier with each set."
She points at me and asks, "How did it happen?"
"Tact and diplomacy all round then, touché, I believe they say in the films." I laugh and continue, "No problem, I prefer honesty, to what they dish up in this place.  I had some sort of bone eating disorder which meant that they 'ad a race on, to provide me with an alternative body."
"That's awful. So how much of you is there left?" she asks, the curiosity genuinely showing on her face.
"All of me is here." I reply with a smile.
"You know what I mean. The original you, the non-machine parts." she says.
"Just my brain apparently."
"So how do you eat?" Her head tilts to one side, as it moves I spot something I hadn't noticed before, one eye doesn't move.  She has spotted my interest and responds, "My you're a sharp one, most people don't notice for a good while longer, one of my eyes is a glass one, lost it in the accident.  The real one not the glass one, if you see what I mean?"
"Yeah I know what you mean, what  bummer!  Oh I don't eat, I have to drink this special fluid what gets processed and it feeds me brain."
"When did all this, you know, happen?" She pats her bed as if inviting me to sit down.  We've probably got a couple of hours before the nursing staff start their pre-dinner rounds, so I sit down on the bed, making sure I'm not too near her, don't want to crowd her after all.  
I remember I owe her a reply, "They started when I was about four or five."
"So you were just getting about, under your own steam, so to speak and that struck?  How did you feel about it?  You don't mind me asking?"
I smile, its a kind of involuntary action.  I have been asked this many times, but its usually done with more diplomacy.  I like this girl's direct and honest approach, its refreshing. "I don't really remember a lot of detail, but I do remember being scared shit-less when I first saw what they had done to me, that was before I had all the nice artificial skin, the limbs, face and all.”  I laugh, she looks at me puzzled as to why I'm laughing.  I explain, “Sorry my sense of humour is weird, I just said scared shit-less and the laugh is I can't shit, my diet is all fluid.”  She looks at me a bit strange then nods.  I continue, “Anyway, they had housed my brain in a protective shell and the whole was in a metal frame that had connections to the outside world."
“That's just downright scary. I thought all this was bad enough." She waves her hand down in the area where her legs would be.  She asks, "What has it been like since?"
There's the question, the one that no-one has had the courage to ask.  How do I answer that one?
There's just one answer to such an honest and sincere question, the truth. “Sheer hell." I reply.
"I bet." she replies, but in keeping, with her honesty, she doesn't leave it there, she asks, "How?"
We spend the next hour and a half discussing my life, how others have behaved towards me, how I have felt about it all and I can't believe it, I even find myself talking about the girl at college, who until a week ago, I thought was the love of my life.  That was until she took a liking to a new geezer and told me to get lost and that there would never be a future with a freak like me.
We hear nurses voices working up the corridor.  I say, "I'd best go, been good talking with you, good luck with those." I point towards her new legs.
"Come back again, please?" her smile shows she genuinely means it.
Someone genuinely wants to see me again, I can't believe it.
~~~~~~~~
Typical I 'ave just been told that I'm being discharged this afternoon.  I get to meet someone I finally get on with and THEY do this to me.  I just have to sneak in and see Felicity and tell her what's going down.
I feel a bit like a secret agent, as I creep down the corridor.  To think, I was cursing the short distance between our rooms and now I'm wishing it was even shorter.
I tap on the door and wait.  I hope she doesn't take too long.  The longer I hang around here, the more likely I am to be spotted.
There's no response.  I tap again, in-case she hasn't heard me. 
Still no response.  As I'm really keen to see her again and don't want to get caught hovering out here, I open the door and hope that she's not getting changed or anything like that.  I'm really disappointed to find that she's not in her room.  The bedding is all pulled back. 
Perhaps she's just gone down to physio.  I might as well wait, after taking all this effort to get here.  I can hide behind the door if she's accompanied, when she gets back.
I suddenly notice that there's a nice perfume in the air, can't say I have smelt it before.  I can see a small delicate bottle on 'er bedside cabinet.  I just have to satisfy my curiosity and find out its name.  I gently pick up the bottle, the writing is quite fine, worn and difficult to read, there's a floral motif beside the name.  Well even if I can't read the name the motif is memorable enough.  I sniff the bottle, yes this is the source of that heavenly smell.
The door swings open and guiltily I put down the bottle, hoping that whoever has entered has not seen my actions.
I hope it is Felicity.  I am disappointed as I 'ear a geezer rather gruffly ask, "What are you doing in here?"
What the 'ell do I answer, looks dead dodgy me going through Felicity's stuff.  'Ang on, no need to get too carried away, I was just checking out the perfume.  I reply “I am waiting for Felicity,  presumably she's gone down to physio?”
The geezer looks rather dodgy 'imself, he looks at the floor, then at me and says, "I am afraid not son, she passed away this morning.” 
That news is like someone just stabbed me.  I can't believe that it is true.  She can't be gone, I was only talking to 'er yesterday.
The geezer continues, “She had an unexpected heart attack.  Did you know her well?"
"No." I can't believe it, gone!  I had just started to get to know her, to appreciate her directness, 'er honesty and she's gone, "No just a passing acquaintance really.  We was chatting yesterday."  I stop meself before I start rambling on.  What's the point?
I find meself wandering down the corridor, past the now empty nurses station.  For once, there's no one around.  I'm on auto pilot.  Lost...I just can't believe it, gone, just like that.
Back at my room I pull the bottle out of my pocket, I stare at the label again. Too much time spent in 'ospitals, you pick up a thing or two.  I know the name and also its effects.
I need to find something to crush the tablets with, typical nothing around. Then I remember my MP5 player in the locker.  As I crush the tablets on the top of the locker I think that this isn't very hygienic.  Normally I'd be worried about damaging my player too, but it all seems too trivial now.
Thank goodness there's still some of my nutrient fluid left.  I remove the lid and sweep the dust into the bottle with my hand.  I replace the cap and shake the bottle.  I quickly find a hiding place for the now half empty bottle of tablets, after all I don't want them to find it in time.
I pick up the fluid bottle, remove the cap, lift it to my lips, pause; there's a moment of guilt, I know I shouldn't be doing this, but I have suffered enough at THEIR hands, at LIFE's hands.  There's no point in going on any more.
I just can't go back to facing that lot again, I'm supposed to return to “normal” life again after all what 'as happened.  What go back and face Julie after what she said to me, knowing that she's bound to 'ave told the others as to why we aren't 'anging out together any more.  I 'ad hoped that in Felicity I would 'ave at last 'ad someone on at least part equal terms, someone who understood part of what I 'ave to suffer.  Now she's gone.
No matter how I much I 'ave tried fool myself that it would get better, it never 'as.  I 'aven't even gotten used to the embarrassments or frustrations.
I tip up the bottle trying to behave as if I am just taking a normal drink.  My 'and shakes.  I 'ave never done anything quite like this before.  I can see Felicity's face, that defiant look that she first gave me, it spurs me on.
I tip the bottle right up and make sure every drop has gone. I lay down.

Freaks together, Felicity and me.  We can't 'ave this world to share, maybe, just maybe, we can share the next; without pain or humiliation, just honesty and love.
~~o~~o~~o~~
	Note From The Author – This story does not actually represent my views, it was written as an exercise in exploring this viewpoint.
<The End>

7. This Little Piggy

It was Matthew Dad who wanted to buy the toy, Matthew said he didn't like it.  Then Matthew frequently said he didn't like anything.  He was four after all.
The family were on holiday, well house sitting actually.  Elizabeth's sister had gone on holiday and had had asked Elizabeth and family if they would like to come up and stay at her house and look after their cats, rather than her having to put the cats into the cattery.  
Elizabeth thought that Matthew would enjoy having the cats around and Tom thought it would be a chance for a holiday, after all they had no money this year, for a holiday.  Elizabeth and her sister, Pauline, were delighted that Tom had agreed.  Pauline had told Elizabeth that it was a weight off her mind, as she did not really like putting the cats in the cattery, they were much happier at home.
The house sitting had not started well, the key was not in the place that Pauline had said that it would be.  Elizabeth didn't like to ring Pauline, in-case she was already out of the UK and the call would cost Pauline extra.  Tom said that, it would worry Pauline, even more if she found out latter, that they had trouble getting in.  Reluctantly Elizabeth had called. As it happened Pauline's flight out had been delayed.  It turned out her husband had put the key in an old hiding place, not aware of the arrangement that Pauline had made with her sister.  Elizabeth had kicked up a fuss about the spider sharing the key's hiding place.  Pauline said, that was precisely why she had chosen the new location.  Elizabeth and Pauline agreed that the key would go back into the new location.
The cats were already at the doorway awaiting, to greet their temporary family.  They knew Elizabeth and Tom of old, so it was a pleasant surprise for them, but as for this fast moving little fellow, they were not quite sure about him.  The more nervous of the cats shot out of the door, to escape Matthew's attentions.  That was the next problem, this cat disappeared for several days, causing Tom and Elizabeth lots of worry about his welfare.  The other cat seemed to be quite content sleeping on the window sill, especially as Matthew couldn't reach him there.
Anyway back to the toy, the family had gone to town to explore the shops.  Being a quaint market town, Tom and Elizabeth, loved exploring the shops.  Where they lived, the town centre was rather bland with the same old, same old shops.  Despite being a bit of a posh area, there were several shops that sold things at bargain prices, in fact the shop where Tom saw the toy, was one such shop.  The toy was in a basket with other things, all described as a “seconds”.  Tom had turned it over and over in his hands, examining it closely, but he couldn't see anything wrong with it.  As there was no label or packaging, Tom just assumed it was a stuffed toy pig, it was soft, cuddly and quite appealing.  Well, as I have already said, Tom liked it anyway.  Elizabeth often said that Tom was a big kid.  When Tom had shown Matthew the pig, he said he didn't like it and pushed it away, he was more interested in three books that he had on his lap.  Elizabeth said that if Matthew didn't like it, then Tom was not to get it.  But Tom argued that Matthew often took to things, after he'd had them for a while.  Elizabeth ignored Tom and instead started negotiation with Matthew, to reduce his selection to one book, as she couldn't afford all three books.  Tom turned the pig over in his hands again and again, whilst he made up his mind whether to get it or not.  It was only two pounds and he was convinced that Matthew would take to it, after all with such a cute face who wouldn't.  Tom slipped off to the the checkout and handed over the pig and two coins.  The man behind the counter informed Tom, “You realise it doesn't come with batteries?”
Tom was quite surprised at the comment, he didn't realise that it did anything.  He asked the man what it did, to require batteries.
The man behind the counter, turned to his colleague at the next checkout, he held up the pig and asked, “Maureen, what do these things do, you were playing with one the other day weren't you?”
Maureen red faced, denied playing with anything and said that she had been testing it.  She informed Tom that by pressing various places the piggy speaks.  The man threw the pig to Maureen.  She pointed to the trigger areas.  Apparently, pressing its nose turned it on and then pressing it's toes, it said a phrase for each toe.  Then squeezing its tummy made it squeal in laughter.
Tom asked what batteries it took.  Maureen turned the toy over and opened a slit in its back, turned it sideways and stared inside. Then she announced “double A's, four of them”
Tom asked if they had any and the man replied that they didn’t but directed Tom to a shop just 'down the way'.  The man asked if Tom wanted the toy and Tom nodded, the man rang up the correct price and handed Tom the receipt.  Maureen threw the pig to Tom.  He caught it easily.   Maureen remarked that she could not understand why people kept bringing it back, as it was really cute and she couldn't find anything wrong with it.  Tom agreed that it was really cute and added that it must be a bonus that it talked.
Tom hid the toy behind his back and walked back over to Matthew and Elizabeth, who were still deep into their negotiations.  Tom assisted and convinced Matthew to go for the book that had his favourite  character in it.  Elizabeth went off to pay for the book and Tom gave piggy to Matthew.  Matthew was still not over enamoured about the toy.  Tom was, however, still convinced that Matthew would take to it.  He steered the pushchair over to Elizabeth, she handed over the money, took the book, after telling Maureen that she needn't put the book in a bag.  Maureen glanced down at Matthew and said, “So this is the young man who got the last piggy, am sure that you will enjoy playing with it.”
Elizabeth ribbed Tom saying that she was not sure who would have more fun with it.  
Maureen asked, “Big kid eh?”
To which Elizabeth replied, “Yes its like having two kids.”
When they left the shop Elizabeth glanced at her watch and announced that they had best get some lunch.  Tom said he just had to get something and would catch up.  He darted off down to the shop that the man had told him about and sure enough there were the batteries and quite cheap too.  This was a bargain day.  
Tom rejoined Elizabeth and Matthew, they had not gone far, too many nice shops with attractive window displays.  
Tom was quite worried at first as Matthew no longer had piggy.  Then Tom spotted that the bag at the back of the push chair had swelled in size.  Elizabeth saw his disappointed face and said, “Don't worry it's in the bag, he kept throwing it on the ground.”
Latter when they got back to the house and Tom had done his chores like feed the cat, hoping that the other one would come back soon; Tom retrieved piggy and fitted the batteries.  Then he tested piggy out.  It was quite noisy but fun, as Tom squeezed the nose and it squealed.  Then as Tom worked his way across the toes, piggy said, “This little piggy, went to market; this little piggy stayed at home; this little piggy had roast beef; and this little piggy went whee whee all the way home.”
Tom took the pig into Matthew and demonstrated it.  But Matthew was not interested, he was watching one of his favourite TV shows.  Matthew threw the pig to the ground, it landed on its stomach and started squealing with laughter. Even this did not distract Matthew.
Elizabeth came in with Matthew's dinner and asked what all the noise was about.  Tom told her it was Matthew's new toy.  Elizabeth complained that it was a bit noisy.  Tom picked up the toy, hunted around and found a small scrap of material in Pauline's sewing basket.  He was sure Pauline wouldn't mind if Tom took it.  He opened piggy's back, removed the rectangular box inside, folded up the cloth several times, put it into the recess and then put the box back, sealed up the back again and tested out piggy again. He was pleased with the result.  He went to hand the piggy to Matthew, but was told off by Elizabeth, she said, “Not now Tom he's having his dinner.”
Tom a little disappointed, put the pig down where he thought that Matthew would find it.
The next few days passed by, Matthew showing only mild interest in piggy.  Much to Tom's disappointment.
The second cat returned, but was still rather dubious about Matthew's attentions, but joined his brother on the window sill, content that they were both out of Matthew's reach.
Holiday over, they return home. As the car was rather small and its all a tight squeeze, piggy, not being Matthew's favourite was packed away in the suitcase.  Throughout the journey home, piggy got triggered as the car went over bumps or turned a bend.  It issued forth random renditions of its phrases with a squeal and laughter thrown in for good measure.
Elizabeth protested and asked if Tom could take the batteries out.  Tom said that he did not have a screwdriver and in any case it was quite comical really, that there was this toy trying to entertain itself from inside a suitcase.  For some reason Elizabeth didn't see things Tom's way, neither did Matthew, come to that.  The journey home wasn't much fun.  In fact the whole holiday had been a bit strange, not what Tom would describe as their best.
Over the coming weeks, piggy did not gain any favour from Matthew, in fact it seemed to spend more of it's time in the toy box than out.  Tom had forgotten all about taking out its batteries, every so often it issued forth one or more of it's phrases at random, as Tom or Elizabeth searched for one of Matthew's toys.
One night Elizabeth and Tom were watching a film on TV, it was one of those frightening films and it got to a really quite part where the suspense was being built up, when suddenly there was a squeal.  They both jumped thinking at first it was something to do with the film.  Then realised it was piggy.  They were mystified as to what had set it off.  Tom suggested that perhaps one of the other toys fell on it.  Elizabeth insisted that Tom take the batteries out, as Matthew didn't like it anyway.  Reluctantly Tom took the batteries out and put the toy back.  As Tom closed the lid to the toy box piggy let out a squeal of laughter.  Tom wondered how it had done this, as it had no batteries.  Elizabeth accused him of not having taken the batteries out.  Tom held the batteries up in his hand.  Elizabeth, not satisfied, opened the box retrieved piggy and realised as she pushed the trigger points that Tom had taken the batteries out as he'd said.  
Tom offered the explanation, that it may have just had enough electricity in the circuitry to issue forth its last rendition of its laugh.  Elizabeth dropped piggy back into the toy box and uttered, “He who laugh last.”  then she uttered a rather contrived laugh.
Matthew was still not interest in piggy, even now that he was without batteries.
The following week, Elizabeth told Tom one evening, that she had “Put that dammed pig in the back of the cupboard in the kitchen, it is driving me nuts, I could have sworn this afternoon I heard it saying its phrase
Tom said that it was probably in her imagination and that she was so used to hearing piggy that she had just remembered the phrases that it used to utter and that every time she saw it, she was reminded of those phrases.  Elizabeth agreed that there was probably something in that and added that in any case it was out of the way now.
Nothing further happened until late one night, when watching a horror film, Elizabeth was sure she could hear screaming, she dashed upstairs to check on Matthew, but he was fast asleep. Elizabeth went back down and Tom had just arrived home.  He was concerned as Elizabeth looked worried, he asked if Matthew was alright.  Elizabeth told him that Matthew was sound asleep.  
Tom heard the sound track of the film coming from the lounge.  He said, “Why do you do it, you know that those films always spook you up, you're better off not watching them.”
Elizabeth said that there wasn't anything worth watching on any of the other channels and that Pauline had said this one was good.
Tom and Elizabeth settled down to watch the film, after Elizabeth had asked the usual questions about Tom's business trip and he had confirmed that it was OK, but he didn't think the client was that impressed with their presentation, he didn't see any orders coming their way.  Elizabeth did her best to reassure Tom that he would have done his best and they couldn't expect any more.
As it was one of those boring bits in the film, Elizabeth went into the kitchen to make them both a cup of hot chocolate.  The boiling kettle seemed to be making more noise than usual.  Elizabeth thought that she could hear a scream again, but thought that it must be coming from the film.  Trust her luck to miss a bit where there was something interesting happening.  
There was a thud. It made Elizabeth jump.  Tom called out, “Are you alright love?”
Elizabeth, cautiously walked around the kitchen listening for any further sounds, but apart from the kettle and faint sounds coming from the lounge, there was nothing.  Then suddenly another thump, followed by another.  It was coming from the cupboard door.  Elizabeth ran into the lounge, Tom looked up and asked what on earth the matter was.  Elizabeth told him, that there was something in the cupboard.  Tom thought this ridiculous, as he knew there was stuff in the cupboard, their stuff.  He decided to humour Elizabeth and went out to check.  He listened at the door but heard nothing, as by this time the kettle had boiled.  Tom opened the cupboard door and everything seemed perfectly normal. Tom put his head inside and looked around, listened, but there was nothing out of the ordinary.  Tom announced that there was nothing there and started to close the door, when suddenly something darted out of the cupboard, landed on Tom's chest, catching him totally unawares and knocking him off balance.  Tom fell backwards onto the floor.  There was a familiar squeal and laugh.  Whatever it was, leapt off of Tom, landed on the nearest kitchen work top, scrabbled away.  Tom got up, rubbing his head.  
Elizabeth's voice could be heard coming from the lounge, as she asked if Tom was alright.  Tom was not quite sure how to answer that one as he was still wondering himself what had just happened.  As he swung round to see where, whatever it was, had gone; when suddenly something thumped into his chest, he felt enormous pain in his chest.  Something trickles onto his left hand.  Tom looked down, there was something grey and …. and … oh the pain in his chest, what had happened?  It's grey and.... pink! Tom held up his hand, it was blood!  He was bleeding.  
Tom heard Elizabeth walking towards the kitchen, Tom shouted, “Stay away!”
“What is it?  Is it a mouse?” asked Elizabeth, the fear could be clearly heard in her voice.
Tom could feel that whatever had been thrust into his chest, was being pulled out again.  Just what was this on his chest?  There was a last painful tug and something shiny and covered in blood swung up and the cry, “This little Piggy went to market” was uttered.  Then the blade sinks into Tom again, this time higher up, the pain was so intense that Tom doubled up.  He tried to grasp what ever was inflicting these injuries, but the pain was too intense as the blade was pulled out again with painful twisting back and forth.
“This little piggy stayed at, home.” was the next phrase and at its conclusion the knife sunk in again, even higher up.
Elizabeth asked, “Just what is going on out there Tom?”  As he didn't answer, Elizabeth said, “I'm coming in!”
Tom tried between grunts of pain to tell her to stay out, but it's too late.  Elizabeth appeared at the doorway.  She screamed at the sight of all the blood on the floor and come to that on Tom.  She looked around the room and saw the broom, she grabbed it.
Tom felt the knife being pulled out, despite the pain, he pleaded with Elizabeth to get out of there and get some help. The knife swung up again and the phrase, “This little piggy, wants roast beef.”
The knife sank in again even higher up, being twisted as the thing climbed up Tom's chest.  Then Tom saw Elizabeth approaching with the broom held up high.  Tom suspected that he would come off worst if Elizabeth strikes with that broom.  Tom appealed again to Elizabeth to get out of there and get help.
The broom swung down and hit the thing on Tom.  It let out a squeal and issued the phrase, “This little piggy had none.” with that it pulled out the knife.
Elizabeth swung the broom back up to take another swipe.
The thing leapt off of Tom, landed on the blood stained floor.  Elizabeth swung the broom down as hard as she could and it landed squarely on the head of the thing. It squealed and issued forth the phrase, “And this little piggy.” the thing turned to face Elizabeth and leapt off the floor.  She lifted and swung the broom sideways and hit the thing on its side whilst in mid air.  As it sailed towards the glass panelled back door, it finished its phrase, “goes Whee Whee all the way....” 
There was a loud smashing sound as the glass broke and from outside the word “Home “ could be heard. 
There was silence, apart from Tom's laboured and painful breathing.  Elizabeth dropped the broom and went to Tom's side to see if she could help him get out of the kitchen.  He turned and Elizabeth helped him head towards the lounge door.  Elizabeth grabbed the phone as they passed by it on the way to the door.  As they walked, she tried to dial the emergency services.  Tom grabbed the door keys as they head for the door.  When safely outside, Elizabeth takes Tom to the bonnet of the car.  He leans against it, whilst Elizabeth tells the operator what the problem is.  At first the operator thinks that it is a prank call, but then senses Elizabeth's fear and worry.  The operator promises to get an ambulance and police to the house as quickly as possible.
Elizabeth suddenly remembers Matthew, she finishes the call and dashes back into the house.  He is horrified to see a trail of blood on the floor coming from the lounge, towards the stairs, as she approaches the stairs she can see the trail leads upstairs.
Elizabeth pauses a moment as she thinks how she is going to stop this thing, she tries to remember what is upstairs that she can use as a weapon, but come to the conclusion that she had best retrieve the broom from the kitchen.  Carefully but quickly she retrieves the broom and bounds up the stairs, all the time keeping an ear open for any noises, but there are none.  When her eyes reach landing level, Elizabeth checks for any open doors, but there are none.  She continues to bound up the stairs keeping a look out for that manic thing, prepared to swing at it at a moments notice.  
There's a click noise.  Elizabeth recognises it immediately, it's the noise that the door catches make when the doors are opened.  To Elizabeth's dismay she sees that Matthew's door is opening.  There it is, on the floor, that thing!
Elizabeth swings the the broom up and it lands with a heavy thump smack on target.  The thing lets out a squeal, it turns to face Elizabeth and it says, “This little piggy..... is mad!”  It speeds towards her.  Despite the limited space, Elizabeth swings the broom sideways and smacks the thing on the side, slamming it into the stair rails.  
The creature turns slowly and heads towards Elizabeth.  It has obviously been affected by the last hit as it is not as responsive as it previously was.  Although it lets out a blood curdling squeal.  
Elizabeth swings the broom up again, steps backwards and then swings the broom down with all of her mite.  The broom again lands fair and square on the creature, stopping it in its tracks.  It squeals and says, “This.... little ….. piggy....” there's silence and no movement.
Elizabeth swings the broom up and smack down again and again.  The creature falls over but does not move again.  It says, “Has.... had.... enough.”   
The broom swings up and down again, several times.  There are siren sounds coming from outside and flashing lights can be seen reflected off of the stairs wall.  Elizabeth not satisfies that this over yet continues to beat the creature, but it offers no resistance and utters no more sounds.
There's the sound of foot steps coming up the stairs, a dark uniform can be seen through the stair rails and a friendly voice says, “It's alright love, help has arrived.”  
Reluctantly Elizabeth drops the broom.
<The End>

 8. Something Isn't Right Here 

Gandahar walks in puts his mug down on the counter, flips the button on the side of the kettle and greets me with the usual, “Alright?  Hows it going?”
I could enter into the usual pleasantries, but I'm worried too much, so I launch straight into, “There is something not quite right about the Prof”, I look straight at Gandahar, as I say this, I am trying to gauge his reaction.  Cool as a cucumber, as usual. Silence, like, he's waiting for me to qualify the statement.
“What old George?  He seemed alright to me, as obnoxious as usual.” Gandahar replies.
I am shocked at Gandahar's informality,  I am so used to people using the full title of Professor George, I reply somewhat, in a gritty tone, “It's only you that winds him up, if you didn't do the analysis thing, he'd probably get on well with you.  It makes him feel insecure.”  I can see from Gandahar's face that I'm just annoying him and as I'm seeking his advice, I decide to leave it there and instead continue, “I'm sure there's something not right with him, he seems so tense,  In fact I'd describe his mood as intense.  Totally unlike him altogether.”
“Perhaps he's just really involved in what he's doing.” Gandahar suggests.
“if I didn't know better, I would say that someone else had replaced him.  If it were the case, though, whoever it is, knows him inside out.  The mannerisms, the subtle ticks of his head, as he gets annoyed about something or someone.  The pet names he has for the people and places around where he works.”
“If you ask me, its you who is getting too intense.”  Gandahar volunteers.
“Yes, it probably seems that way, but the fact that he has drastically changed the direction and area of his research, is just totally unlike him.  Normally he doggedly sticks to what he's working on until either it's completed, or one of the seniors convinces him, that it's a lost cause.  To the best of my knowledge no-one has even made even the slightest suggestion, that he's heading up a blind alley.  In fact they've all been really enthusiastic about his project, even the Dean has put in more than the odd word in praise of the Prof's work.  He's even secured extra funding for the Prof's research.  So why the sudden switch?  I just can't see the reason for it.”
“I must admit that seems a bit odd, but perhaps he has just had a eureka moment and had an idea for something better.” Gandahar smiles smugly, as if he'd just come up with the only answer that could fit.
“He won't even talk to me about the switch, not that he really has to, after all I'm only an post-grad.”
“Well if his new ideas are that revolutionary, you wouldn't expect him to share all, would you?” Gandahar reaches out for the kettle and pours out the steaming liquid into his mug.  Then exclaims,  “Oh damn it!  I forgot to put some coffee in.”
“Have some of mine, just on the side there.” I offer, then reply, “But he's always been so free with his ideas and thoughts before now.  He's even taken to locking away his notes at night.  He couldn't care less normally, in fact until last week it was me who put his notes away at the end of the day and that was only because the Dean had a damned good moan about security.”
“There you go then, he's onto something big and he wants to keep it quiet.” Gandahar, so convinced he has hit upon the solution, turns his back on me and carries on making his drink.
I can feel the frown forming on my face, I just can't believe it, but then I suppose the eureka experience could hit any one of us at any time.  I'm sure if it happened to me, I'd want to share it with the Prof, if only to check out the logic of the idea, but this, this is just not the Prof.
“Hey perhaps that's it!” Gandahar spins round as he exclaims, “He's caught sight of someone else's notes and that's what has sent him spiralling off into a new direction. He wouldn't want to let on that he's nicked someone else's research.  That would shut him up for sure.”
“No he wouldn't be that dishonest!” I protest, “After all, he did his nut when Jenkins suggested some skulduggery over some tip off, that he got about someone else's research.  I just can't see that he'd then go and do the same sort of thing.”
“Ever heard of double standards?” Gandahar asks as he opens the fridge and starts rummaging around for something.
“If you're looking for milk, ever think of buying your own?”  I ask, somewhat frustrated.
“I only have one hot drink a day, it would be a waste to buy a whole pint,  then tip most of it down the drain.”
“What about afternoon tea, you never turn that down? I even have to supply the tea bag.  Anyway what's the matter with sharing the milk you buy with us?”
“Oh we are touchy today! OK how about you let me have some of yours and I'll get some milk now and again, happy?”
“I would be if I could get to the bottom of this thing.” I reply.  Then I stand up, “Well best get back, don't want him looking for me.”
“If he's that intense, he probably won't know you've left.” Gandahar suggests.
“Trust me, he will, I can assure you.”  I put my mug on the counter by the sink.
“Tell you what I'll wash up your cup as part payment for the coffee and milk.” 
“What? Oh yeah, thanks.” 
I am about to close the door when I hear Gandahar offer the advice, “Don't worry, too much about it, this type of work tends to drive 'em nuts anyway.  Just keep your nose clean and you'll be alright.”
That's great advice coming from Gandahar, he's only working on his own, because no-one gets on with him, apart from me that is.  Gandahar has annoyed more faculty staff than I've had hot dinners. Surprises me that he's still around.  The fact that he's netted a few wealthy sponsors, I suppose puts him in good books with the Dean.  If there's one thing that Gandahar excels at, it's the sales pitch to sponsors, he has some kind of magnetism, that draws them in.
~~~~~~~~
I don't believe it, he's left his notes on the bench.  I wait a reasonable time, then retrieve the notes, secret myself away in a concealed corner, where I'm unlikely to be spotted.  
Even the cover of the notes has changed.  Looks somewhat different to the lab's normal cover.  I don't recognise any of the icons on it.
Hell! He has nicked someone else's notes, there's a completely different lab name at the top.  Yet it still has his name in the appropriate owner's name section.  I don't believe it, he has nicked someone else's research notes and claimed them as his own.  I flip back through the pages and I am surprised to see that every one has his writing on it.  Surely if these were someone else's notes, the handwriting would change part way through.  What's the chances of two academics having exactly the same writing?
Keen to find out what he's up to, I flip back to the current page. There's a lot of shorthand in his notes, that frankly leaves me totally mystified.  The initials GS and various numbers keep cropping up, I have seen these numbers on the growth dishes, but what it means, beats me.  I decide to flip back through the book, to see if there's any explanation.  I suddenly catch sight of something, 'Gene Splicing'.  I can't say that I have heard of the term before, yet somehow it sounds like some new form of grafting technique, where you take the lower part of one plant and join it to the top of another.  Blimey, that is a departure!  Normally the professor concentrates on the cross breeding of plants.  We have made some strange mixtures, all in the name of progress.  The aim being to improve resistance to disease, improve the taste or some other factor.  We specialise in food crops.  The Prof reckons that this is where the money is going to be. 
How does grafting fit in with plant breeding?  Perhaps you end up with stronger plants and their offspring benefit somehow.  The crafty blighter!  There was me thinking we were doing well and he's stolen a march on his own research!
I'm curious now to see exactly how the Prof is doing this grafting.  I carefully put his notes back where I found them and go off into the culture room to see if I can find any examples of his handiwork.  The samples look pretty much as they would have using his previous methods.  The only way to see this grafting, I suppose is to look at a plant under the microscope.  I pick a plant that won't be missed and put it on a slide.  After examining it very carefully at painfully slow magnification, I can see nothing out of the usual, not a sign of grafting, no cuts at all.  All I can say is, if the Prof is using this technique, he's dammed good at it and must have an incredibly steady hand as I can find no sign of any cuts or joins on the stem at all.  So the mystery continues.
~~~~~~~~
“Don't let on that I know anything, Gandahar, or it'll be the chop for me.  Do you reckon he stole the idea?” I ask.
Gandahar stares at the wall for a moment then says, “Like you said, its not really his style, but perhaps he's been moonlighting at another lab and got the book and the idea from there.  You'd have thought, though, that he'd be discrete enough to leave his notes at home or at the other lab.  What was that memo about from the Dean's office?”
“How did you know about it?”
“Oh come on, the Dean's office, light blue grids?  Everyone knows they only come from the Dean's office!” Gandahar has his usual all knowing smile.
“Oh yeah I never thought of that, I caught sight of the memo this morning, the Prof had left it laying on the bench when he went for his break.  I was in the middle of mixing up a batch of chemicals ready for his next run, so he said I could take my break when I'd finished.”
“Yes, yes, but what did it say?” Gandahar asks impatiently, screwing up his face as he takes a gulp of his drink only to find its too hot.
“Only that they were querying why the Prof was using chemicals and suppliers that weren't on the faculty's prescribed list.”
“Crafty old fox thought he could get away with it?  They don't miss a trick, the Dean's office.” Gandahar tops up his drink with some cold water.
“He'll be alright surely, when he provides a rational explanation.”  I'm worried as its not just the Prof's neck on the line, but mine also.  I need this job.
“Rational and the Dean's office don't go together!  So what's the deal with the chemicals?”
“I wish I knew, got to be something to with the grafting, or gene splicing as his notes put it.  I still can not figure out how he's doing the grafting thing, he had some sort spinning device made up specially and spends a lot of time at the microscope, in fact he spends more time at the bench now than going out to check on the field tests.”
Gandahar smiles, “So that would explain, why you're out so much, you're checking on the field crops eh?”
“Yes.”
“So in general how would you rate the success of his latest experiments in comparison with the previous techniques?”
I move a bit closer and lower my voice, “That's the weird thing, whatever he's doing now, he's having greater success  and the turn around time is so much faster.  It seems like, whatever properties he wants a plant to have, he has it in place in a matter of weeks rather than months!  If we were back in the dark ages it would be described as some form of alchemy.”
“I like it, the black art of plant breeding!” Gandahar smiles at his own humour. 
“Sounds like good a title for a book, but hey, don't say anything we're supposed to know nothing of what he's doing.”
The door opens and in walks the Professor, I step back, so its not so obvious that we're discussing something in confidence. I just hope I haven't turned red with embarrassment or the shock shows on my face.
The Prof looks up from some papers he was looking at and says, “It is alright you know, you are entitled to a break.” He smiles, he actually smiles!
“Thanks.” I feebly reply.  Hell I did have a guilty look on my face after all, thankfully he thinks I just feel guilty about taking a break.
Gandahar, being Gandahar puts his now empty cup down and says, “Well unlike some I haven't got time to stay around here chatting all day.  Might catch you lunchtime?”
I was hoping that Gandahar was going to stick around and lend some moral support.  I reply, “Possibly.”
The Prof busies himself fixing up a drink.  I put my cup in the sink.
“Not going down with something I hope?” asks the Prof.
I guiltily ask, “No, Why?”
“Youv'e just tipped half a cup of coffee down the drain.”
“Milk may have been off.” I reply.
“Shame, I was going to borrow some of yours, if I might?” Has the prof been taking something or has someone got to him, its almost like he's returned to his old self!
~~~~~~~~
It was a shock for us all, murder, on campus.  A suspected murder, the police called it.  Someone apparently had found evidence of lime being used to dissolve something out at one of the disposal areas.  Fitting I suppose that it was done there.  No body found, but then, if lime had been used, there wouldn't be a body.
Who would do such a thing?
It had everyone nervous to go out at night, at least not alone.  
Gandahar says, “I don't know why everyone is getting so jittery.  For the body to be fully dissolved like that, it was probably done a few weeks back and everyone has been fine over that time.  Probably whoever did it, has long since left.”
“Aren't you in the least unhinged by it?” I ask.
“No, mind you I might change my mind if someone comes at me with a large axe.  Lets face it, there was probably and argument about something or other and the murderer has long since legged it.  Unless the murderer has left some clues around, the likelihood of the police solving the case is pretty slim.”
“Perhaps the murderer is confident of that fact and is still around.” I suggest.
“Oh for goodness sake stop spooking yourself up, there's enough people round here doing that without you joining them.  I thought you were above that sort of thing.  Anyway what's the latest on your man?  Heard he'd hit the big time.”
“Yes, all his work seems to have paid off, he's got some big agri-supplier interested in a new strain of rice that he's perfected.  Tests show that it's resistant to attack from pests and several forms of blight, also the yield is considerably higher than normal strains.  The Agri-supplier is willing to buy the patent outright, making the Prof and University millions.”
“You likely to see a share?” asks Gandahar.
“You kidding, you know the track record there, I'd be lucky if I got a mention in the Prof's paper.”
~~~~~~
“So where is he today, finally decided to check out the field plots?” Gandahar asks.
“No, the Federal and Food Approvals Authorities have approved the Profs plants and he's gone with the Dean to the Agri-Suppliers, to sign some papers.”
“Finally come around then?” Gandahar says as he forks over the food on his plate with suspicion.
“What's the matter with it, mine is alright.” I comment, then picking up on what Gandahar was talking about, I say “Well the authorities have to be thorough.”
“Too darned thorough if you ask me, too ready to stand in the path of progress.”
“We are talking foodstuff here, they have to make sure its safe before issuing licences to let it into the food chain.” 
“Come on what can happen?” Gandahar protests.
“Something about affecting the eco something or other.” He is still being fussy about his meal.  It is annoying me now.
“What the Ecological balance?  Oh I'm sure they take that into account.”
“Yes, but to ensure that nothing is missed, such studies should take years and be carefully controlled.”  I read something to this effect in a recent article in Science Chronicles and Discussions.
“Rubbish, not necessary, you can eliminate a lot of species effects by systemic analysis.”
“That's what the Professor says.  But if you miss just one link out of the analysis, no matter how small, it could be the one that spells disaster.”
Gandahar putting on his superior air face replies, “A load of poppycock put about by whimsical air heads who want to think they are connected to the earth.”
“Just the sort of thinking the Professor has.”
“Ever thought you were wrong and we just could be right?  There's something in numbers you know.” 
I argue, “There's also something in logic, having a view to the bigger picture and thinking things right through.  Yes you can achieve a lot through analysis, but at the end of the day, you only have to miss one factor and bang, its like a house of cards, the worst scenario happens.”
~~~~~~
“Caught the Dean and the Prof gloating over the latest royalty payments, I think its disgusting considering the fact that other colleagues now think that the insect species mutations are due to the Professor's new crop types.  I had my suspicions that the Eco chain study had not been thorough enough.”
Gandahar replies, “Nothing is proved though, could be anything, the papers said, could even be down to use of different chemicals at local factories.”
“Yes, but it seems a strange coincidence, that just a few months after introduction of the new crop varieties in various countries, the mutation process begins.  Who knows where those will lead, they could affect even more species further up the food chain.”
“You're just being a reactionary.” Gandahar accuses me, then continues, “Be careful of such thinking, you'll never go far in this business, if you easily give into the reactions of the day.  You have to keep a cool analytical head, in this game, not get carried away by every fad that's going around.”
Well I wouldn't have believed that my trusted colleague, Gandahar, would take the side of the Prof and turn against me.  Yet the fact that he has been trusted all this time, makes me question my own thinking, have I become too woolly, carried away by the extremists?
~~~~~~
“Still nothing heard of Professor George?” Gandahar asks me.
“Nothing, he just hasn't reported for work and the Dean's office can't get in touch.  The police suspect he's been kidnapped or worst.”
“The police involved?  Who would want to kidnap him?” Gandahar obviously can't believe his ears.
“For his money?” I suggest.
“Oh yes, never thought of that.”
“Leaves you in a difficult situation.” Gandahar actually sounds sympathetic.
“What do you mean by that!  Surely they won't think I did anything to him?”
“No, no, I didn't mean that, although heaven knows he was difficult enough to work with, but you were coping well with him.”
“What do you mean then?” I try to read Gandahar's face, but am getting no clues there.
“Well without the Prof, there's no job for you.”
The latter hits me like a bolt of lightning, “You're right, apart from maintaining the plants he was working on. I never thought of that, I kept thinking he'd turn up again.  It could be that murderer, he or she may have struck again.”
“I'll ignore your woolly thinking, but you might want to consider your options regards preparing to work for someone else, in-case the Prof doesn't turn up again. Best to have a back-up plan.  You'd be best seeing what potential openings may be coming up and gearing yourself up for them.  The Prof may have even decided he's had enough of this work, made his money and done a runner.”
“Yes but surely if that's the case, he'd have taken the money with him.  But the police reckon its untouched.”
Gandahar's face shows, that for once I have the upper hand, he confirm this with, “Most strange!  Looks like an apology is due to you, perhaps the murder scenario isn't so crazy after all.”
Strangest apology I've ever had, but then we are talking Gandahar.  So even he thinks the professor could have been the latest victim.
~~~~~~
“This is Professor George, he comes to us highly recommended from Cambridge University, that's Cambridge England.  And this Professor, is your new research assistant Wesley Jackson, a very promising post grad, been doing some excellent work with Professor Kline, you probably know of Professor Kline, in connection with plant stress factors.  Unfortunately Professor Kline's research has run out of funding.”  says Victor Dekron, the head of the Biology department of the University of Texas in Austin.
“Pleased to meet you Professor, I am quite looking forward to assisting you with your research into 'Gene Splicing'.  I was fascinated to read your synopsis, it looks like an exciting field to be working in and I just hope I am up to the task.” says Wesley.
The Professor smiles and holds out his hand to shake Wesley's and replies, “I am sure we will get along famously, as for your skills, your Head of Department highly recommended you as we heard there and I have no doubt that you will live up to his expectations.  Stick with me and you will learn a lot my boy.”
“Well if I could leave you Professor in Wesley's capable hands, as I have a faculty meeting in a few minutes.  I will collect you just before lunch and introduce you to the rest of the faculty, we have a lunch arranged in your honour.”  Victor shakes the Professors hand and disappears.
Wesley asks, “Just how did you get interested this line of research Professor, if you don't mind me asking?” 
“No, not at all, I could see that something had to be done to increase food production.” the Professor replies.
Wesley asks, “From the viewpoint of increasing profitability?”
“Good heavens, no.  From the viewpoint of feeding the starving, it just does not make sense, if we can develop the technology to feed the world and stop the suffering, I see it as our duty to do it.”
“Noble thoughts Professor.” Wesley smiles.
“Why thank you Wesley.  Now would you like to show me around, I am keen to settle in and get started.”
The Professor is relieved that this time he does not have to dispose of his counter part in this dimension.  It almost felt like he was getting rid of a member of the family, as if it were a brother, even though it had to be done, the Professor found it most distasteful.  
The idea of starting out in different country this time, was a stroke of genius and it was lucky that his parallel self had died a few years ago, without achieving anything noteworthy in his lifetime.  This time it will be easy.  The Professor just hopes that he can find a gene splice that works and doesn't cause a global catastrophe.  He clutches his lab notebook close to his chest.
At least he can learn each time, from past mistakes.
<The End>
9. Ulayia

Why this time, why me?  The words unspoken, but having the same feeling, the same power, as if I had screamed them out.  I am not one for letting vent to pure emotion, but this time it is different.  This time there is no logic, no apparent loopholes, no rescue ship on its way.
Usually I can keep calm, work through things logically, to see a ray of hope when others will only see the desperate state of affairs, that they seem to find themselves in.  My tutor once praised me for my ability to seek a logical answer to a crisis.  He said that these were the qualities that made for an excellent star-liner Captain.  Where are those qualities now?  
All I can do is scream, just scream, no words no sense, just pure emotion.  Pure frustration.  Pure, what's the word?  Ah that's it, anguish.
~~~~~~~~~~~
I suppose all this doesn't help anyone, least you.  Perhaps if I told you something more about me, about how I got here, it might help.
There, I have stopped screaming, somehow that feels a bit better.
Yes I was going to tell you about me.  Who am I?  I often wonder that myself.  I am not one of these highly social people who find themselves at the centre of attention , someone that everyone knows.  Many would like to, but that is not how I work.  There, that logical streak in me again, let me depart from all that, it is enough to say that I am Ulayia, that pretty, but strange girl who keeps very much to herself. At least they think I'm pretty, but I am not convinced.   I am a, what would yo call it?  Ah yes a student, a trainee.  I am hoping to become a star-liner pilot, well captain would be my ultimate aim, especially after my tutor raising my expectations.
How did I get here?  Well, the academy insist that every star-liner recruit has to put in at least four trips, as a non serving crew member, usually aboard a star-liner.  We have to do this before we start in on the main thrust of our training, to make sure they have the right stuff for service aboard a star-liner.  That's the rule.  
My first trip had been plain sailing, pardon the pun, it was just a regular cruise, aboard a ship taking passengers between star systems.  There were even short stops on each planet, a chance for me and and my colleagues to get our  land legs again and to explore new cultures and places.  That trip had been both exciting and  routine.
Then, this trip, aboard a freighter, with only 4 crew members plus me.  At most only two of the crew have been awake at anyone time, except  now.
It was supposed to be a simple trip; take the cargo out and bring a new cargo back; experience of a straightforward round trip.  Only it hasn't panned out that way.
It was also supposed to be a safe experience, without all the stresses of being a serving member.  That's the theory.  It would have worked out that way, had THIS not happened.
All was going well, almost three quarters of the way to the destination and I was actually enjoying the flight.  I have been on duty at varying times, with all of the crew in this time.  Some have been more bubbly than others, ZenQ Bartison for instance, always has jokes or stories to pass the time away.  Whilst it usually doesn't suit  my persona to take an active part in such things, I had quite enjoyed ZenQ's humour and friendship.  Now Jed  Harrison is very much a thinker and I enjoyed musing philosophical ideas with him, debating for hours things like, does an event still take place if you aren't there.  As for Tez Martins, he seems to be the one that knows this craft inside out,.  If you want to know any of the technicals, Tez is your man, at least that is according to Tez.  At first I thought he was quite a big head, know it all.  In fact he's actually quite sweet, when you get to know him better.  I found, he has a good sense of humour.  
Finally, there's the Captain, William Heston, ZenQ made the mistake of calling him Bill once, you'd have thought ZenQ had hit him, the look the Captain  threw ZenQ.   ZenQ being ZenQ, carried straight on with what he was saying, appearing to ignore the look altogether.  But I noticed, that no one has called him Bill since.  
The Captain, what can I say about him, he keeps himself very much to himself, doesn't give much away about himself, quite like me in that respect.  He is quite young, certainly the youngest Captain I have ever seen.  Dare I say, he isn't bad looking either, although I wouldn't describe him as 'dishy', more like acceptable looking.  The sort of guy you could take home to your parents and they wouldn't object. What a way to classify a person?  For all I know he may be well settled with a partner.
Anyway enough about the crew.  Let's get back to what has just happened.  I was 'on duty', which basically means watching what the duty officer has to do, in this case it was Jed.  
Things were going well, when suddenly, there was a massive explosion to the rear of the craft.  The craft immediately went into an uncontrollable spin and from the wreckage spread around the craft it appears that we have been hit by a comet or something like that.  Whatever it was, continues on as if nothing has happened.
I just couldn't believe my eyes, wreckage, strewn all over the place, the spinning, without engines how will we ever stop the spinning.
Questions, questions going through my head, no answers, just questions; all that wreckage; and it came from us.  It feels like that's me out there.. My life is in pieces, all going well then suddenly without warning it's all gone.  I am going to die out here in space, we are going to die out here.  This wasn't supposed to happen, this is supposed to be a safe environment, so I can experience space travel to see if it suits me, but this, this.....
….Pieces of me out there floating around unable to help themselves! I can't stand it, I just can't cope!  
What's that screaming noise?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The slap across the face, its a shock!
My only thought, 'Why?'
The reality hits me, as sharply as the slap across the face, 'Its William, he slapped me, but why, what have I done to him?'
The anger wells up inside me!  I stare at him.
Confusion, total confusion, he pulls me towards him and hugs me, William hugs me!
'Why what have I done to him? He isn't becoming strange is he?'
Then I am aware that the others in the room are looking at me, they have strange looks on their faces, not normal.  I wonder  'Oh heck what's going on?  Are they all going to do something to me?'
The memories come back to me, the wreckage, the crash, the feeling of despair.... the screaming. 
'Oh no, that was me screaming!  But why?  That's totally unlike me! He is warm.... William, he is warm and still hugging me, soft, yet a firm reassuring hug.'
I hear William whispering, “It will be alright, don't worry Ulayia, I won't let anything happen to you, you're safe.”
'How, there's nothing you can do surely?' I start to think, then he grips me again, the warmth still reassuring me.  
I can feel the power of his conviction in his hug.  'He really cares for me.  He isn't as cold as he appears.'  I like this feeling of security, I haven't felt this secure, this loved since I was a child.
Their faces, filled with concern.  That's it, concern, concern about me, little insignificant  me.
I know that in order for William to be able to keep his promise that nothing will happen to us, I must let him get on with his job.  I must let them all get on with what they should be doing, to save us, to save the ship.  I stiffen up and softly say, “Its OK thanks, I will be OK now, sorry about that.”
William's grip instantly relaxes, he steps back and he replies, “Nonsense, you have nothing to be sorry for, it was a shock, a shock for all of us.  You OK now?”
“Yes thanks.” I reply, regretting the fact that I no longer have his reassuring, warm arms wrapped around me.
Jed says, “Na warning, na warning.”
William asks, “What are you talking about Jed?”
“There was na warning Sir, it just come of the out of the black, there was nowt us could do Sir. No warning like.”
I feel I should back Jed up, “Jed is right there was no warning at all.”
“Hey, it's alright, there's no blame here, what we need to do is concentrate on how to get out of this mess.  Jed, did you activate the DistressPosi beacon?”
“Na Sir, I put out the all crew on deck, then Ulayia started screamin' and I didn't know what to do.”
“OK activate it now please.  ZenQ can you please see if we have any form of propulsion and stop this dammed thing spinning!  Tez can you help me do a damage assessment?”
Tez doesn't respond, he's staring out of the window, at the wreckage whizzing by.
“Tez! It'll be OK, can you help me please?” William asks, then continues, “We need to do a damage assessment.  Jed, now you've activated the DistressPosi, can you and Ulayia find out where the nearest craft are and work out how long it will take them to get to us?”
I hear ZenQ say, “What's up, the nerd forgotten he's part of the crew.”  I just hope Tez doesn't hear him.  It's a shame that they don't get along, ZenQ thinks Tez is a cocky know it all, he told me so when we were on duty together.
Tez joins William, whilst I join Jed.
“So what's chances of us having a ship close by then, you prepared to place a bet then?” Jed asks me.
Me and gambling, just don't go together, I don't do risky, it doesn't make sense.  I'm worried I'll upset Jed, if I tell him that though.
Jed smiles, “Hey kid! Don't fret, I was joking.”
'Kid!' Why, he's not much older than me and he has the nerve to call me kid! I throw him one of my disapproving looks.
Jed obviously worried he's offended me and rightly so, says “Sorry pet, I was only joking wi ya, I didn't mean anything by it.”
'Pet!' I can feel myself going on the boil again, then it struck me.....  Jed joking, it's the first time I've ever caught him Joking, majority of the time he's been serious, talking philosophy and sharing his knowledge of this space travel thing, telling me about things he's done and seen, but it's all been serious stuff.  My feelings soften towards Jed and it must be showing in my face as Jed smiles.  To show all is forgiven I ask, “Right how are we going to do this then?”
“Ya know navsys?” Jed asks. I nod and Jed continues, “Well it can show us not only where we are, where we're headed......”. I know all this, nearly everyone except ZenQ has told me, but I patiently wait for the key information.
Jed staring at me like he's trying to read me from my face, carries on, “It can also show what's around us.”
We are now stood before the navsys and he points at an icon on the screen, “This allows us to extend the range of the display and as you know....”  He is good, he picked up from my face that I knew all the earlier stuff.
Jed continues, “Touching any item on screen tells you info about the item, in the case of another craft, all it's info, like name, destination (that's if they wanna reveal it like), direction of travel, speed, nature of craft, distance away from you, time it'll take at current speeds we're both travellin' and whole host of other stuff.”
I an attempt to keep things on a lighter level, I ask, “Does it show the colour that the craft is painted?”
Jed throws me a strange look and immediately I regret my attempt at humour.  Then Jed smiles and says, “Typical girlie question eh?”  We laugh.  I am conscious that William is looking at us.  He has a serious, but not stern look about him.  It intrigues me.  It's not a 'be quiet over there' look, but more a, 'what is going on'.  Is he jealous?  I can't help it, I smile at him.  His serious look continues for a moment longer, then softens to a sort of smile, one that isn't obvious.  He has a somewhat guilty look about him.  Call it womanly intuition, call it what you like, but I know that for a moment he was jealous.  So there was more to that hug, than there should have been.  Does William have feelings for me that he's kept bottled up until now?
William's face has changed, there's a definite smile there now, tinged with something else. OMG!  I don't believe it, he feels the same as I did when we were in that embrace.  But what if he has a partner somewhere, we shouldn't be feeling this way!  But I don't even know if he does.  It hits me again, I know so little about him.  Yet dare I even think it let alone say it?  I think I love him, or at least I'm in love with him.  He clearly has similar if, dare I think it? The same feelings for me.  When did a this start though?  I have to admit, I admired him from first sight, apart from the first impression that he seemed awfully young to be a captain also he had that authoritative air about him and like I said, whilst he isn't drop to knees dishy, he is very good looking.    When his strong arms engulfed me, wrapping me in in his warmth, his love, that was the point that convinced me.  Come to think of it, all the time I have been aboard, he has shown me the up-most respect, whilst he has kept his 'distance', he has shown a great interest in me.  Not the usual follow me around everywhere that I've experienced from some.  The day we were on duty together, he spent most of the time coaching me in the duties and concerns of a captain, as if he were training me to be one.  If he felt something for me then, he did an excellent job of covering it up.
Back to the here and now, I am conscious that I have been looking solely at William for some time.  I turn my attention back to Jed.
I am shocked as Jed quite indiscreetly, yet in a low voice says, “Young love eh?”
I can't control myself, as I throw him one of my disapproving looks.
“What?  Ya aren't?” Jed asks, he doesn't  wait for a reply and goes on, “Well I can tell you for nowt, he's besotted wi you, been going on about nothing else since ya been aboard.”
The words as powerful as William's earlier slap.
Wanting to resume discretion again, I look back at the screen and ask, “So what have we got here?”
“Sorry, didn't mean to offend ya, just thought someone should say somit.  Don't tell him I said owt, or he'll be cross.”
My silence is enough to make Jed move on, but I feel guilty, he meant well and I reward him like this.  It's just, it's just some things should not be said. 
My mum always said I had a very old fashioned way of looking at things. I suppose that just proved it.  Most girls these days are pretty much in your face, come straight out and say what they are are thinking, not me.  Don't ask me why I'm like this, but I believe that if something is meant to be, it will be and does you no good chasing after it if it isn't meant to be.  Take what happened to Paula, she took a fancy to one of the students at the academy and did her best to make it known that she wanted him.  It obviously wasn't meant to be, he dumped her after only a week.  Paula was devastated.  
I didn't take the cautious approach though, when it came to my career, I have been really driven on that. 
Jed  brings me back to what we are supposed to be doing, by saying, “Nothing closer than a day's journey.”
I suddenly spot something, and point excitedly asking, “What's this?”  As I stab at the screen, it's information is displayed, “Only two hours away.”
Jed asks, “How did that suddenly appear?  It wasn't there just now.”
William takes us both by surprise, as he appears beside us and asks, “What's going on.”
My guilty mind immediately returns to William's earlier jealousy.  Then Jed says, “it's weird Sir, this craft, the Vendlar, wasn't on screen just now and it has suddenly appeared.”
William is silent for a while as he stares at the screen, he tilts his head one way then another.  
To have him standing this close is strange.  I feel as if I should do or say something to assure him that I feel the same way about him, as he does about me.  But there's Jed.  I can't focus on what we are supposed to be doing, I just can't help but think about me and William.  It is when I hear William speak, that I am brought back to what we are doing.
“Has the  DistressPosi beacon attracted any responses?” William asks.
“Yeah Sir, a few, but the closest is a day away.  'Ello what's this then?  The Vendlar has put out a distress call.” 
William stares out of the window, as if he should be able to see the craft in question.  He looks back at the screen and asks “what's it's status?”
 Jed taps the screen for a bit, then replies, “Well according to it's navsys readings, it is trying to maintain a course completely opposite to the one it's actually travelling in.”
ZenQ takes us all by surprise when he reports, that apart from some emergency thrusters, we have no propulsion, yet we are actually accelerating towards the Vendlar's position.
William touches the screen, bringing back the navsys and stares at it for a while tilting his head this way and that, then asks, “Jed, just check I'm not going mad, is there a faint ring of debris around this area that is shrinking in diameter?”
Jed makes the screen zoom into the area William had indicated. Jed says, “you are right Sir, what does it mean?”
“What does a circle of unconnected material indicate?”
I find myself answering William's question, “Gravity! Or, or a black hole.”
William smiles, “Precisely!  Not that I really wanted to be proved right as both ships are heading straight for a black hole.  The same black hole probably caused our rock visitor to collide with us and furthermore made it invisible until the collision, as any light would have been stripped away.  Mysterious as to how it was managing to travel away from the black hole though.   ZenQ, any chance of propelling us away from this black hole?”
ZenQ shakes his head.  Jed adds, despite best efforts, ZenQ has been unable to stop the spin either.”
William is silent for a while, staring at the screen.  Then announces, “Unfortunately Tez, ZenQ, Jed and Ulayia,” he blushes slightly, as he mentions my name and pauses, then continues, “I have to tell you that unless any of you have any brilliant ideas, we are rapidly heading towards a black hole and if my assessment is right, there is nothing we can do about it.  I estimate we have about two hours before we start to run into the discomfort zone and probably a further 20 minutes before we die.  Sorry to be so blunt but I believe you all have a right to know. We may be able to get some comms back home now, so unless anyone has any bright ideas, I suggest I dismiss you all so you can spend your remaining time doing what you'd like to do.”   
Jed asks, “Couldn't we deliberately vent one of the fuel tanks and use it like a jet?”
Just as I am thinking it is a brilliant stroke of genius, William replies, “Good idea Jed but all that would do is make us spin faster, remember first principles of propulsion, you have to have controllable opposing forces to steer.” I could tell that William didn't really want to be proved right.. He waits a bit, in-case anyone else has any  ideas.  
The silence is painful.
William says, “Well I have one remaining duty as Captain to perform, I need to make a report to the company and I'll do that from my cabin, but I'd just like to say that it has been a privilege working with you all, you have been a great crew.  And as individuals, it has been a pleasure to count you as friends, although as Captain I may have seemed to be beyond friendship.  I have enjoyed being with you all and I am just sorry that it all had to end this way.”.   He gives each of us a hearty shake.  When it comes to my turn,  he looks deep into my eyes and after the shake doesn't immediately let go.  
I feel myself melting.  Then I catch Jed mouthing 'young love' at the others.  I feel myself go red.  
William let's go of my hand and he is gone.
He is gone!
Why, when I finally find my someone special, does it have to end like this.  We're all going to die and William still has to be the Captain.  
The rest of us shake hands, some words are muttered, but I don't really hear any of them.  I am still thinking about William.
We disappear to our cabins. 
~~~~~~~~~~~
I have done my duty to family and friends, sent long messages telling them what has happened and that I'll miss them.  I even told my brother about William, I couldn't quite bring myself to tell my Mum, even now, I'm not sure how she'd take it.  Best to leave it at I'll always love you.
There's a gentle tap on my door.  My heart skips a beat, who could it be, probably Jed wanting to hold a philosophical discussion about our situation or maybe ZenQ has some new jokes he wants to share with me.
I open the door and find it is Jed, he looks kind of embarrassed as he says, “Hope I didn't disturb ya, just wanted to say me an Tez are on bridge if ya wanna join us like, we had enough of being on our own, no pressure mind.”.  Just to prove it, Jed smiles, turns and walks away.
I just manage to get out a thanks and he's gone.  I check the other end of the corridor, empty. 
I wonder if I should accept the invitation, but decide I'm not quite ready for company yet.  I close the door.
The wall seems to deserve my staring gaze, as I think over the situation.  I am disturbed again by another knock. 
Who now, I think.
Door open I cannot believe my eyes, it's William.  He softly asks, “You alright?”
Not wanting William to go, I step back, holding door wide open.  
William looks the corridor up and down, then asks, “You, you sure?”
I smile and nod. 
William glides in, I close the door.  I can't help thinking, ' This time you're not getting away.'
William says, “Sure you are alright?  Done all your messages?  I didn't disturb you did I?”
'Isn't he sweet, ever the gentleman?  I don't care if he has a secret partner somewhere, time for all that stuff is long past.  I have the overwhelming feeling that he is mine and I am his.'
I take his hand and pull him towards me, we kiss.  Such a kiss, the like I have never known before.  His arms strong, secure, warm, loving, envelope me.  He is mine. 

<The End>

10. To See Or Not To See?

It was an old house, it must have some history associated with it, but if it did, it was keeping quiet about it and there was no-one living in the area who either knew anything worth knowing about the place, or maybe they were just keeping quiet about what they knew.  
When looked at the house, it had received a modern makeover, new kitchen, bathroom and decore, was modern bland, you know, the magnolia paint and wood chip wallpaper.  One of those places that isn't need a thing doing to it.  Which was ideal for us as first time buyers.  We could just about afford the mortgage, some carpet and a few items of furniture, let alone have to re-decorate.  So were were overjoyed at our luck.  
The house was near town, not too far away from our work.  We were just hoping that our wreck of a car would keep going long enough for us to at least save up for some more furniture and a deposit for a half descent car.
Apparently the house had been empty for some time, before a local builder bought it up and did the place up.  It was the end of a row of houses that all looked identical, yet the people in them, couldn't be more different.  We had seen some of them going in and out of their houses as we were moving into ours.  Some were really chatty and friendly, whilst others didn't want to look at you, let alone pass the time of day.
I was staying at our new house on my own, as we were expecting delivery first thing next day and my wife had to stay at our rented place, so she could pack the few remaining items, also hand over the keys to the landlord.
My first night in our new home was strange, with no curtains up at any of the windows, apart from the bedroom and bathroom.  I was glad that the back of the house was not overlooked.  The few things that we had in the front room, were still packed in nondescript boxes so it didn't matter that there were no curtains up at the windows.  I hadn't even bothered to unpack the TV as yet.  In fact it was so light outside, that I didn't even bother putting the light on.  I sat on the rather ropey sofa, being careful to avoid the broken strap.  We had a few comical moments with this sofa, mostly at other people’s expense, at least those who didn't know about the dodgy strap.  Being that neither of us were in the least practical, we had sought ways to cope with the problem, rather than try and repair it.
I was so tired that all I could do, was watch the trickles of people as they passed by the window.  Most passed without looking up, but of the few who took a glance in, a handful were quite shocked to see me sat there in the chair, looking back at them, holding the mug of now lukewarm tea, into my chest, as if somehow, it was comforting.  You would have thought that they were looking upon the face of a ghost, the horror quite self evident in their eyes.  At first I attempted them that I was real and wouldn't harm them.  Then as the sleepy, couldn't really care less feeling crept up on me.  I just sat emotionlessly looking back.  If I had been in the least bothered, it would have amused me or possibly even disturbed me, to observe their reactions.  Most looked immediately away, picking up their pace, as if I were about to give chase.  Some kept glancing back, to assure themselves  that they had seen, what they thought they had seen.  They may have paused momentarily, but quickly move on.  One man did wave.  I was so moved at his desire to interact that I found myself waving back.  At last I found the energy and motivation to drag myself out of the chair and out to the kitchen.  I put the tea cup in the sink, wondering if I should wash it up now,or leave it until the morning?  As I was so tired, I opted for the latter choice. I dragged myself up the stairs after first  checking that I had locked the front door and turned off what I needed to.  I set off up the windy staircase.  I soon found my way to the bed, that my wife had kindly mad before she left.  I suddenly remembered that I had not brought up my night time glass of water, a habit II had retained from childhood.  However, I was so tired that I decided to forego this tradition, for one night at least.
I settled down, but it took me ages to get off to sleep.  Partly because of the strange noises coming from outside and partly due to the fact that Jen wasn't with me.  I decided to read for a bit, that usually does it.  Then I remember that I don't have a bedside lamp, it is still packed somewhere in a box downstairs.  Oh the joys of moving house.  Then I remembered that I had a torch, when I was a kid it seemed exciting to read by torchlight, under the covers, the thrill of possibly being discovered.  That thrill has definitely left me now.  It only took two pages, when I got to the second and realised that I had read the last paragraph several times, I knew that it was time to give up.

When I woke up, I had a throat that was so dry, I felt as if I had crawled through a desert.  I reached out, but could not feel anything on top of the bedside cabinet.  Then I remembered that I had not brought a drink up with me.  As I emerged onto the landing, I was reminded that I was in the new house.  Luckily I had left the spare room door open, so that the street lights threw a slight organgey glow across the wall.  I hunted around for a light switch, but my search was in vein.  I wish I had taken note of where it was before going to bed.  I decided to forget about my hunt for a switch.  I'd be OK, so long as I stick by the banister.  I found that OK.  I started confidently to follow it, forgetting that there were three steps before the lower landing, which lead to the bathroom.  Luckily I managed to grab hold of the banister again, as I tripped and fell down the three steps.  As I hung, swinging above the main run of stairs.  I was grateful that my grip had not failed, otherwise I would have just continued to roll down the stairs.  Goodness knows what damage I could have done myself.  I straightened myself up and carefully descended the last segment of stairs.  When I reached the foot of the stairs, I remembered where the switch was down here.  I was startled at first, when the light came on.
I soon found myself with glass in hand, about to head up the stairs again.  It was then that it first happened.  I had an overwhelming feeling that I was being watched.  I even knew from where, I was being watched.  However, when I looked up the stairs to the top segment of stairs, all I could see was the wall, the blank plain wall.  Nothing else.  The feeling had ceased, as soon as I looked up.  It was quite eerie.  I put it down to the fact that I was tired and a bit jumpy, being in the house on my own.
Well that was the first time it happened, it happened many times after that, but I never felt threatened, I never felt that I was in danger.  It was a most strange feeling though.  Being watched, without any fear.  Like a child being watched by their parent.  It was almost as if there were some sort of invisible window in that wall, at the top of the stairs.  
Sometimes I would be at the bottom of the stairs looking up, other times I was at the top of the stairs looking down at the wall.  Whenever I saw the person, it was always when there were low levels of light, when either landing was simply lit by the street lights, or in later years, when we had  children and the landing was lit by one of those low energy night lights.
I never actually saw any detail, but I was sure that I could see a man.  Always standing.  I could not really  make out his clothes, so it was not possible to tell if he were from the past or future.  Whilst I could not clearly make out the features of his face, as it was always in shadow, I did make out the fact that he was elderly and he smiled at me once or twice.  On one occasion, my son had been particularly ill and I had  just gone down the stairs to fetch some medicines.  I was heading back up the stairs, and there he was, the old man, smiling at me.  As if he knew what worry I was going through and also, as if he were reassuring me, that all would be well.
Not once did he attempt to speak to me.  Once I had been drinking a fair bit and in the lightness of my mood, I waved at him and called up to him, asking if he was alright.  He made no effort to respond to me.  His face had no expression, apart from that of curiosity, a look he frequently wore.
I had not mentioned this 'visitor' to my wife, in all the years that we lived there, as I knew it would have spooked her out.  That was until we were about to move house.  Then a few days before we were scheduled to move, we were chatting about missing the house and that we had seen through many things whilst we had lived there.  It was then that I casually dropped into the conversation, that I would miss the old guy.  At first my wife thought I was talking about one of the neighbours.  Then I told her what I had seen and experienced for all of those years.  She could not believe that I had not mentioned it in all these years.  She said she now felt spooked out.  That was when I said, that was precisely why I'd never told her.  I reassured her that the old guy was not threatening in the least.  I saw him as some sort of guardian.  It was then that my wife recounted the evening when my son had been so ill.  She said we were both sound asleep, when suddenly she heard something fall, out on the landing.  She went out to investigate, at first she saw nothing, so she went to check on my son and that was when she discovered that he was so ill.  The next day, she spotted a small pebble in the corner of the stairs.  She says even to this day, that she does not have a clue how the pebble got there, or where it could have possibly come from.
Next time you feel  you are being watched, don't fret too much. as it may just be your guardian.
<The End>
11. What About Max?

I have seen big before, but this is mega-normous, more like a large city, floating in space.  Surely it would be impossible to cram any more onto the surface of this craft? There are so many bits sticking out in all directions, some appear to have obvious functions like docking  ports, others more decorative like viewing towers, domes and the like. No-one could accuse the designers of producing something boring and repetitive.  The towers are different shapes, triangular, rectangular, cuboid and conical. There appears to be no pattern to their placement.
What would it be like to be aboard that thing?  I would probably be able to wander around for days without realising that I was actually aboard a craft, out in the depths of space.  That is until I looked out of one of the myriad of portholes or observation domes.  The vast majority of that craft, however will have no views out into space, like a giant indoor shopping complex.  
The exterior of the craft shows no indication as to its age, for all I know it could have been launched last week.  The exterior coating and makings show no sign of damage or wear.  The interior is probably maintained to the same standard.  I have heard that these large craft have maintenance crews that close off areas and carry out refits whilst in space.  The passengers and crew know nothing of the work going on apart from the fact that an area of the craft is out of action.  This means that the craft is kept looking as if it had just been built.   
Some movement in one of the observation domes, has caught my eye, there are lots of faces looking back at me.  They appear as curious about me and the craft that I am aboard, as I am about theirs.  
There is a right mix of aliens aboard that floating city, some I have seen before, others I couldn't even hazard a guess as to what they are or come to that where they are from. So many shaped bodies and heads, so many textures and so many eyes, most staring in my direction, following the path of my craft. Amongst the passengers with their various coloured tunics, are what I presume to be crew members, with their smart uniforms.  The dark blue material, providing an ideal backdrop to the silver and red piping.
The whole, a total contrast to this rust bucket that I am aboard and the rough and ready boiler suit that I am wearing. What I wouldn't give to be aboard that craft serving as a member of the crew.
To think that at the age of 23, I had spent all the years of study and practice aimed at becoming a pilot, only to end up as a deputy cargo master.  The nerve of it all, was the fact that I had been told that I should be grateful for the opportunity!  At least it got me out here in space.  
Deputy cargo master! More like a robot operator who shifts stuff around to ensure optimum loading capacity is attained.  Or at least that's how the cargo master has described the job.  Haldort Plegarts, is his name, but beer swilling gambler, would probably be a more accurate description of what he does.  
It seems to me that Haldort doesn't really care how the cargo is stacked, so long as it is brought on-board in time for take-off and he gets the credit for cramming as much on as possible.  He probably lays odds with his gambling buddies, as to how close the craft can be loaded to its maximum capacity.  Although, if that were actually the case, surely he would be more interested in what was being loaded and how I do it; whereas he just leaves all that to me and is only concerned if there's too much still left on the dock.  As I am good at what I do, Haldort doesn't need to bother me much.  It would be good though, if Haldort issued some praise now and again, especially when there have been the awkward cargoes and it has taken me some hours to work out the best strategy.  However, Haldort is of the old school and doesn't do praise.
I look out of the porthole again, watching that large craft, as we pass by.   I catch sight again of those uniforms.  Wouldn't it be nice?.....
The familiar voice of Haldort makes me jump.  In a strong Scottish accent Haldort says, “Urgent request from the Captain, apparently that great hulk oot there needs a second flight, theirs has up and died unexpectedly.   Captain wondered if you'd consider jumping ship, to help them oot, as you've got all this wealth of...... behind you.”
I know that Haldort is well known for not finishing his sentences, he does it for comic effect, so that you can insert a different word or phrase, than originally intended and completely change the meaning of a sentence.  Haldort's rugged long face, with an almost continuous dour or sulky expression on it; meant that it was almost impossible for anyone who didn't know him, to figure out whether he was having a piece of fun, being sarcastic, or what.  To add to this Haldort is a rather private person, in that he doesn't allow people to get close to him, or at least none that I am aware of.  As Haldort is of sturdy build, no one wants to get on the wrong side of him, which means they are not keen to question anything he says.  
There is a kind of unwritten rule, 'Take Haldort as you find him, don't take anything too seriously, as he is probably joking, but don't laugh at anything he says, as he may not be.'  It doesn't take people too long to catch onto this rule.  Shame I didn't cotton onto this earlier than I did, there was that one time when I had a 'run-in' with him, when I laughed at something, thinking he was being sarcastic, when in fact he was complaining about something.  I can still remember the look he shot at me.
Haldort moves and reminds me that I owe him a response, but I must have waited too long, as he says, “Well laddie, Captain's waiting for your reply?”
“For real?” I ask, not wanting to sound too enthusiastic.
“Aye, for real laddie, the captain does nay want to pressure you, as he knows what a good time you're having doon here, but that lot," Haldort points his thumb towards the port hole and continues, "Would like to know.” 
I am still unsure if this is a wind up or if it is for real, but decide I have no option and reply, “I could give it a try.”
There's an uncomfortable silence.  Like the type when you get that strong feeling that you have said something wrong.  Surely Haldort can't be upset at the fact that I have indicated that I would even consider leaving this current job?  Haldort guffaws a strange laugh and between bouts of laughter, 
Haldort manges to get out, “In ya dreams..... my laddie..... as if!”
I am used to it, as once again life dishes up another portion of disappointment.  
“We'd best check the cargo laddie.  Make sure none of the securing straps are working loose and that nothing has escaped.” The latter reference was to one particular time, when neither Haldort nor I knew that part of a shipment consisted of live animals.  One of the animals managed to gnaw a way out of it's enclosure and had wandered around the cargo deck for a couple of days before it was caught.  It had collapsed between two rows of containers, the poor thing was starving and so confused it couldn't find its way back to it's enclosure and the food inside.  All ended well though, between us, we had managed to construct a safer enclosure and the animal was soon back to a healthy state.  Although the creature didn't look very nice, I got kind of attached to it, checking on it each day.  Haldort had said, "We're nay here to nurse maid the bloomin' critter, let it alone."  I had persisted though.  
The zoo staff that picked it and the other three up at the destination were most grateful that it had been well cared for.  Haldort left things at that, after all he doesn't do praise.
Haldort, heads off for his office.  I know that he'll make some pretence of collecting data and intending to join in the check, but in reality he'll slink off to see if he can get some sort of gambling activity together.
I look again out of the port hole and think, it would be all different if I were on-board that craft rather than this one.  With a smart uniform like that, no-one could take me for granted.
~~~~~~~~
I am in a long dark alley, between two tall stacks of containers, when I hear the horrendous noise.  It makes me jump, literally.  It is not easy to tell where the noise had come from.  I wonder if a piece of cargo has fallen, but quickly realise that the sound came from above.  No point in calling for 
Haldort, he'll be well away from here.   I look at my arm and the conscreen.  Typical of this place, no connection.  I could mess about moving around until a connection is achieved, or better still just get to the nearest wired screen.  
There is another loud noise, or more like collection of noises. This time it comes from the left.  Is this craft under attack?  Who would want to attack it?  
The screen reached, I power it up and and realise the dammed thing doesn't seem to be reading the identity from my conscreen.  What the heck am I going to do now.  I remember the back door approach that they taught us at the academy.  Dammed key screen, has jumbled up the letters. Try again.  You'd think they would make sure these things could operate properly in this sort of work environment.
More noises distract me.  When I look back at the screen I can't believe it, major system failure!  What is going on?  
They said at the academy, something about there being a back-up or obscure server that you can log onto, in order to get some sort of information.  The names are so obscure that I haven't got a clue what their purpose is. Hello, what's this? One of the names looks familiar, something to do with 
engineering.  It should give at least some of the picture.  I just hope that they haven't bothered to set limits on what I can access, or it is so insecure, that I can crack it easily.  Ah that's it.  I recognise this, it appears to be showing all the engineering status screens.  So far it all looks good...... apart from two great swathes of power problems, one top side, where the bridge is; the other to the port side, where most of the crew quarters and recreation sections are.  Let's check the power map. Ah, everything is alright up to a third of the way into the crew quarters, where there's suddenly no power.  Best check the logs. Hello what's this?  A series of massive shorts, caused the over riders to kick in, shutting down these circuits to protect the rest of the ship.  The same situation exists regards the top deck. I had best check the environment readings. That looks bad, no air in either of the damaged areas.  What would cause that?
I call the bridge and the Recdeck, but there's no connection.
If only the navicon server was up and running I could check the flight status, but it is either locked down or it is off line for some reason.  Surely the lack of power to that deck would make no difference, as normally it would have its own supply.  I suppose the other possibility is that all 
the comms links to the bridge deck are down.  However, that would indicate severe damage, as those connections are armoured, all the way down into the core.
Well I am not going to find out what has happened by staying around here, best see if I can find Haldort and go up to the bridge to see if everything is alright.
As expected, I find Haldort is not in his office.  I see an air pack on the wall and decide to take it with me, just in-case there's problems out there, beyond the cargo deck door.
The conscreen by the door indicates no problems.  I ready myself to slip the oxygen mask on, in-case.  The door slides open, no decompression, so things are OK here.  As the crew quarters are nearest to me I'll check those first.  
I soon reach an airlock.  It doesn't look good, it is displaying the classic 'de-pressurised beyond this point' warning.  I'll check the cameras beyond the door.  The conscreen responds to my taps and soon I am looking at a perfectly normal view of an empty corridor.  I check the next camera and 
cannot believe my eyes....
The second camera, shows a completely different view of things just beyond the bend, there are walls to a certain point, then no walls, floor or ceiling!  Just the stars around them.  
So there has been extreme damage!
I must check out the bridge.  
Running now, I head for the nearest floor transfer device.  As I reach it, I can see that its display declares that it is out of order, but no explanation as to why.  
Nearby is a ladder.  As I look up I can see the hatchway and its display  shows the same de-pressurised message as the previous airlock.  At least this explains why the transfer device is out of order.  
I resume my running in search the next bridge access point.  Surely there is one further down this corridor?
Suddenly I catch sight of some movement ahead of me, at last someone else.  It is another crew member, at least they have a better uniform than my boiler suit.
They turn round and I can see it is a girl, I recognise the logo on her top, she must work for the Recdeck service company.  She asks, “What is going on?  I can't get to work, the door thingy doesn't work and apart from you there doesn't seem to be anyone around.  Can you help me get to the Recdeck otherwise I'm going to be in big trouble.”
I wonder how to respond to that one, she obviously doesn't know what has happened.  How will she take it when she finds out that there is no Recdeck and her colleagues have probably gone with it.  The chances of anyone surviving that sort of damage is pretty remote, although there's just the 
slimmest of chances that part could have sealed itself before flying off into space.
She tilts her head to one side as if studying me carefully and asks, "Well can you help me open the door or not?"
I am closer to her now and have stopped.  It is only now that notice that she has long dark flowing hair that sways to and fro as her head moves and a face that is so pretty that I almost melt. I cannot believe my eyes.  I try to respond to her question, but I find myself speechless, like a young schoolboy standing before a new pretty teacher, who is asking for an explanation as to why he has not handed in his homework.  What can I tell her in any case?
Her stare, demands some response.  I say, "No....I...we.... can't open the door."
"Why not?" she demands to know.
I know I have to tell her, but how do I start, tact and diplomacy is not my thing really.  I suppose that's down to the fact that my granddad was the person who most brought me up.  Granddad was one of those people who just got on with things, he didn't have much time for all this socialising and 
chatting, comes from spending all those hours underground on his own, with only machines for company.  She's still staring at me, demanding an answer, "There's no air the other side."
"Nonsense, of course there's air, how can they ...." her face changes to great sadness as the penny drops.
I so wish I had the skills to be.....what do they call it.... something to do with soft skills.  It makes me feel sad to see her like this, I feel so helpless.
She asks, "What happened?"
"I don't know." I feel obligated to say more, but what can I say, without making things worse, yet one look at her face tells me she is expecting more.  The pressure, I can't take it, "I just discovered that the door was locked and it was displaying de-pressurised beyond this point."
I am hopping that my response is enough, but clearly from her face, it isn't, she asks, "Did you do anything about it, surely there's another entrance that isn't de-pressurised."
She's a smart one for sure, there is no getting away from it, I just have to tell her the truth, but just how do I break the news? Grandma would have been able to do it, she had the gift of settling anyone down.  Her smiling or sympathetic face was enough to make anyone start to feel better, add to that her gift of the right words.  If only I had inherited her gifts, instead of Mr grumpy grandpa's.  No matter how hard I try, I just can't seem to find the right words.  
She seems to have lost patience with me  as she says, “Lets see if we can find one.”  She sets off back down the corridor, looking back over her shoulder, expecting me to follow her.
I have to stop her, this is wasting time, yet I cannot bring myself to tell her the truth.  Grandpa always said, that if you didn't know what to say, say nothing.  Really helpful advice now eh?  I feel pressure to respond somehow, but how?
She is persistent as she asks, "Well, are you going to help me?”
She looks so pretty anyway, but especially when she's fired up like this, I wonder what name goes with such a pretty face.  I dare not ask though and now is definitely not the time.
She sighs, the sigh of someone resigned to go it alone if necessary.  Without a word, she turns and heads off at a determined pace.  
Worried that she'll do something to harm herself, I decide I have to at least follow her if not stop her.  Whilst concentrating on trying to catch up, I cannot help but observe the way she moves.  She has all the curves in the right places.  I feel guilty that I am not trying more actively to stop her, but am still at a loss as to what to say.  In desperation  I say, “There are no other entrances that we can use." 
She stops, turns and asks, "How do you know that, have you checked it or them?" again her stare tells me she will not rest until she gets an answer.
I see no way out but to tell the truth, "No point, the whole deck has gone, I checked the cameras and that whole side of the ship has been ripped off.  I was just going up to the bridge to see if they know anything more, or are doing anything about it."
She bursts into tears, muttering something about poor Max and she didn't mean to be late. I wonder who this Max is.  I feel helpless, compelled to comfort her, but if this Max was, is her partner or boyfriend, it would be improper.  He may not have been on the Recdeck at the time and how would he view my actions?  Yet it tears me apart to see her crying like this, it takes me back to when I lost my favourite toy, some spiteful kid had thrown Kiki into the Gerjast pit at the zoo and the creatures thinking it was food tore poor Kiki to pieces.  The warmth of grandma's cuddle, her reassuring words, whilst they didn't put everything right, made feel so much better.  I long to do the same for this poor tortured girl. All I can say is, "He may not have been on the Recdeck."
Her sobbing is even louder, it stops momentarily as she says, "He was waiting for me, for me and I was late.  It always gets busier at this time, there has to be two of us."
I don't say it, but my first thought is, if you had been on time, then you could have been out there floating in space.  I still feel incredibly awkward.  
Maybe there is some of my grandma in me, after all.  I find myself walking towards her and soon she is in my arms and I issue forth a stream of reassurance that there was nothing she could have done, to stop it. I tell her that I don't know if Haldort was on the Recdeck as he's missing, as if that would matter to her.  Come to that I am surprised that it matters much to me.  I never really bonded with the guy, yet he had..... has a rascal and lovable side to him.
The warmth of her, the feel of her soft flowing hair, comforting to me.  she makes no sign of resisting my efforts to comfort her.  It is only now that I notice that her crying has somewhat subsided.   
My analytical side kicks in as I find myself wondering how long I should keep up this treatment of the girl.  When will she be fixed enough that I can let go?  At the same time I long for the warm cosy feeling to persist, yet at the same time, there has to be consequences, there are always consequences, always some form of backlash.  Despite my feelings of guilt, I find myself slipping back into the enjoyment of the luxurious warmth and softness of the embrace.  I find myself involuntarily tightening my grip.  She seems to yield to my action, as if she is also enjoying the shared moment.  The crying has ceased. 
I feel her pulling away.  Embarrassed I release my grip.  She wipes her tears away and says, “We had best get to the bridge and find out what happened to the Recdeck, they may be trying to mount a rescue.”
I feel myself standing there alone, missing the embrace.  Longing to resume it.  Her eyes considerably softer now, a bit red with the crying, but none-the less, still as pretty as they ever were.  I want to kiss her.  I must not, it would be improper.  Max, what about Max?
She prompts me again, with, “Come on then lets get to it.”  She sets off back in the direction that I was originally travelling.  She looks over her shoulder at me.  
I find myself running after her.
Soon we reach a ladder.  She stares up at the airlock above.  Excitedly she announces, "This one seems to be OK."  
I climb up, check the conscreen and sure enough it confirms that everything seems to be OK.  I am about to open the airlock when doubts cross my  mind, what if the display is wrong, as soon as I open that hatch we'll both be suffocated.  I remember the air pack.  I climb down, pass it to her and explain what could happen if the display is wrong.  
Reluctantly she takes the pack, but asks, "What about you?"
I assure her that there will be another one just beyond the hatch and I'll have time to grab it.
Nervously she puts the pack on.  I climb again.  Pause and look back at her, she looks somewhat strange with the mask covering her face.  To think this could be the last time I'll see that beautiful face if all this goes wrong.  She looks worried.  I give her the thumbs up sign.  She does the same back.
Here goes, I press the button and hear the mechanism kick into play.  I take a deep breath, this could be my last.  
I have to glance back at her again, she gives the thumbs up again.  I look up as the door slides open and I am prepared for the rush of air out of our corridor and into the one above. I am relieved as nothing happens.  I climb up and find myself in the corridor above, everything seems to be normal.  I take a cautious breath, just-in-case. "It is OK, you can come up and you can take the mask off, it will be easier to climb without it.”
Her hands cautiously remove the mask, she points to her back, "Do I need to do anything?"
"No it automatically shuts off when it detects you've removed it." I kneel down ready to help her up the ladder.
She smiles. That smile takes me back to grandma, you could lose yourself in such a smile.  
I want to kiss her.  Max, what about Max?
She's quite confident climbing the ladder.  I realise quickly, that she needs no help from me, so slide back out of the way.  As I get up, she is standing beside me, our arms brush, there's an awkward moment, as it reminds us of our earlier contact.  I never-the-less move away and hope that she doesn't take it as a sign that I no longer like her.  She smiles and asks, "Where to now?"  Not giving me time to reply, she goes on to say, "What's your name by the way?  I have seen you about before, but I don't know your name."
"Tom" I reply, but somehow, the reply seems too short, so I add, "I work in cargo management."  It seemed more impressive that just saying the cargo area.  Dare I ask her name?
I needn't worry, as she replies, "Hi Tom, I'm Pet."
I didn't mean to sound abrupt or rude as I blurt out, "Pet?"
She laughs, "I have never had that reaction before.  It's short for Petunia."
"That's the name of a flower isn't it?" I realise that I'm being rather rude, as I am sure it is the name of a an earth flower, I add, "What a pretty idea."  Oh heck, that wasn't what I meant to say, but I needn't have worried, her smile and blush tell me that she knows what I am really trying to say.
Pet asks, "Where do we go from here?"
I still musing at the fact that Pet now knows that I think she's pretty, have misunderstood her question, as I think; well after all this is over, perhaps a nice romantic meal somewhere, might be a good starting place.
Pet brings me round as she asks, "Which direction should we go?"
I feel stupid, I point towards the nearest door which has, "Authorised flight staff only" written on it.
"Silly me, of course it is." Pet replies.
I reach the door first and start instinctively tapping away at the conscreen.  It displays, "WARNING: De-pressurised beyond this point".  I tap away some more and access the only camera that appears to be working the other side of this door.  I am aware that Pet is trying to glance over my shoulder, so I step to one side.
We both take a sharp in-take of breath, as the camera's image is displayed.  I can't believe it.... No walls, no ceiling, just scrap strewn all over the floor and the stars.  Part of a control desk sticks up in the middle of the picture.  Almost like a monument, a stark reminder of what the area used to be used for.
Well we are not going to get any answers here, the situation is worse than I thought it was.  I.... we had pinned so many hopes on the bridge being here and OK.  What now?
I look at Pet.  Her face tells all, it is drained of colour, her eyes staring at the screen in disbelief.  
Here we are in the depths of space, no flight deck, no means of controlling where we go.  
It is then that a solution hits me like a bolt of lightening.  I rapidly tap at the conscreen again.  I have found what I need, I just hope the core isn't damaged.  Furiously I tap away at the screen, as if my very life depends upon it.  It does.
The voice distracts me for a moment, just a moment, as Pet asks, "What?"
I carry on tapping away, whilst I say, "Just need to finish what I'm doing and then see if there's anyone in engineering."  
Connection established. I have seen this lad before on the Recdeck, what's his name?  I have heard it before.  He speaks first, "Thank goodness for that, you're OK, we've been trying to get hold of someone for ages, its Tim isn't it?"
"Tom, actually." I still have not remembered his name.
"Hi Tom, what are you doing up there?" He doesn't wait for an answer, but resumes, "Haldort is with me." 
Thank goodness for that, Haldort is safe.  Well I hope he's safe, I can't see him on the screen, so he could be injured for all I know.  He resumes, "We're stuck in engineering, one of the doors says there's vacuum beyond it, the other is just stubborn and refuses to open."
"I thought you guys were supposed to be good at fixing stuff." I tease.
"So did I and we normally do stubborn, but this one is just too stubborn.  Any idea what happened?"
I know I can be blunt, Engineers do blunt, straight to the point is their preferred way.   I tell this guy what I have seen.  He comes to the conclusion that we've been hit by something, then corrects himself saying, "Well actually two somethings, we heard two sets of sounds.  Any sign of wreckage floating out there?"
I am distracted as Pet asks, "Who's he?"
I turn my back on the screen and whisper, "I don't know his name, but he's in engineering."
"Who is Haldort?" Pet asks, in a normal voice.
Wishing that she'd keep her voice down, as I don't really want them to hear us, I whisper back, "He's my boss."
Pet replies, "I thought you were in cargo management?", she looks really puzzled.
 "I.... we do work in cargo.  Haldort must have been visiting, when the craft was struck."  I wonder why Pet is making such a big deal over this, but remember that she is still in shock.  I smile to re-assure her that she is OK.
Pet asks the screen, "Hi, I'm Pet, from the Recreation area, what's your name?"
I am most surprised as the guy on the screen says, "Well hello Pet!  I didn't know we had a beauty like you aboard, where have you been secreting yourself?  I'm Roddy by the way."
Pet looks momentarily at the ceiling, her face tells me that she's heard this line before.  A totally different response to when I had let the cat out of the bag that I thought she was beautiful.  Perhaps this Roddy, is no threat.  What am I thinking?  There's Max.
"Right guys, what are we going to do, the bridge is lost and presumably there's nothing around us for thousands of kilometres?" Pet asks.  
I respond, "Well actually we have just passed a very large interstellar craft and as far as the bridge is concerned, I have a plan to get over that problem.  In fact that was the reason for my call to you.... er ..... Roddy.  Are the engines in good shape?"
With some hesitation Roddy replies, "Well...er...yes, but how..."
"Let me worry about that one.  How are you guys, either of you injured?" I wonder why I asked the last question as there's nothing I can do if they are.
Roddy says, "No we're both fine, but I don't know about the other two from Engineering, Paul was off duty and the chief had left just before the first noise.  He was losing heavily to Haldort here and had decided to take a break."
At this point, a second voice can be heard, but no face appears on the screen.  Although I need no picture to put a face to the voice, it is unmistakably Haldort.  He says, "Just because we have landed ourselves in this mess, doesn't get you off the hook laddie, you still owe me the two thousand credits."
For a moment, Haldort's reference to 'Laddie' made me think he was referring to me.  At the mention of the debt though I realise he's talking to Roddy.  I mute the conscreen as I detect that Pet is about to speak.  Good job as she says, "He's your boss?"
I nod in agreement. She continues, "Given that he's probably just lost his friends, all he's worried about is his winnings, what a nasty man?"
~~~~~~~~
The folk aboard the large craft, had thought Tom's call was a hoax at first.  It took some convincing, but they agreed to send out a rescue craft.
Tom managed to reconfigure a redundant server to act as the Navicon system.  It was rather simplistic, point and shoot navigation, nothing more sophisticated than that could be achieved on a screen that was only supposed to open doors and act as a comms device.
Pet was well impressed at Tom's skill and knowledge.
Tom's efforts cut down considerably on the time it took the rescue craft to arrive.  The rescue team brought some cutting gear aboard and soon had Haldort and Roddy released from their engineering prison.  Haldort seemed to be delighted that Tom was alright.  Which seemed right out of character for him.
It was a relief to be leaving their wreck of a craft and heading towards the floating city.  It is only when the shuttle glides away from their craft, that the real extent of damage can be seen.  The shuttle commander had commented that he was amazed that anyone had survived such a 'smash up' as he put it.  He also complimented Tom on his skill.

As the shuttle slid away, there was much sadness amongst the four rescued people, as they reflected on the fact that out of a total crew of 16 only 4 had survived.
The Saurus Maxiumus, that great floating city that Tom had admired earlier, lived up to his expectations, even though the only part they saw when they boarded, were crew access areas.  Even these seemed luxurious in comparison to what they had been travelling aboard.
The four were whisked away to some waiting area outside an office labelled, 'Chief Purser'.  One by one they were interviewed about previous jobs, skills and qualifications.
Tom was not surprised when he was allocated the job of shifting food around the 'city'.  There was some justice though, as Haldort was allocated the same job, and same level as Tom.  At last he'd be expected to do some work.   Roddy ended up with a kind of engineering related job, in maintenance.  Pet was given a job in catering.  Tom hoped that he would see her again.
~~~~~~~~
My heart skips a beat as I round the corner, this is the place that Pet works.  I am so glad that I was given this run, we have been aboard just over a month now and for the first couple of weeks I saw nothing of Pet and worried that I would never see her again.  Then a couple of weeks ago I was allocated this run.  Now I see her two or three times a week.  
I just hope that she is around when I drop off the delivery.  I have plucked up the courage at last to ask her again.  The last time, was a disaster.  How was I to know that she had just pulled two shifts?  In any case it was a bit of a busman's holiday that I was offering, what was I thinking to offer someone in catering to go out for a meal?
This time it would be different.
Well this lot are keen to see me, they are waiting for me.  No sign of Pet though.  I hope she comes down.
I pull up and step out of the transport, I look around in-case I've missed her.
"What's the matter, too good for us today?  Not going to give us a hand to unload?" Someone asks.
"I was just....." my voice trails off.
"Yeah yeah, I know what you was just.... she'll be down in a minute, been like a Veleany on a hot plate, all morning, waiting for yous to arrive."
My heart is thumping now, so she does feel the same way about me.  I must stay cool though, won't pay to appear too keen and get tongue tied again.
I pick up a tray and ask, "Where to Boss?"
"Awe cummon, you know the routine as well as I do, over there!"
I do know the routine, but as soon as I assume that its going to be the same, they decide they are going to stack elsewhere.
I hear one of the girls say, "Don't know what she sees in him myself, he's a bit scrawny."  There's a giggle.
I push it from my mind, as I see Pet heading towards me, us.  She looks rather flushed as if she's been running.
We both look embarrassed as the supervisor says, "He's here at last.  You can take ten if you like, he isn't much use to us, too slow."  There's a laugh from the group surrounding me.
Pet nods towards the back of the loading area.  I put the tray down and get an "Oi be careful, they is in short supply you know."
Pet still flushed, smiles at me.  I could lose myself in those eyes.  I lamely ask, "Busy day?"
This time it is Pet who appears to be nervous, "Er....yes.... busy up top..... some sort of festival going on."
"I heard about it, shame we're stuck down here."  I wish I could say, what I really want to say.
"Sorry." Pet says, quite softly, like she really means the word, "Sorry, about last time, it was just...."
"Oh that, I understand."  It's now or never, "I wondered if you'd like to go to a P.I. of Gala-zaphora.  Not tonight, if you don't ...."  I don't need to finish what I'm saying, as Pet's smile tells me she is keen.
"Would I ever, tonight would be perfect.  How did you know I'd like to do that Performance Interactive?"
"I suppose the fact that everyone is raving about it , kind of influenced me."  My heart can slow down now that she has said yes, what's more tonight! 
I ask, "What time should i pick you up?"
"I'll pick you up at 7, after all you're closer to the theatre than me." Pet pauses a moment as if waiting for my reaction, but before I can say anything, she continues, "You working tomorrow?"
I wonder what lies behind the question, but answer, "As it happens, no, how about you?"
"I'm owed a day due to that double.  It'll probably be quieter round here tomorrow anyway, festival over and all."
I still wonder what plans Pet has regards tomorrow.  I say, "Its a date then." and instantly regret it.  Pet laughs, I join her.  Her smile, those eyes, her soft silky hair, I have to kiss her.
~~~~~~~~
My supervisor isn't best pleased that someone else did my run yesterday, of course, its my fault that it went wrong, isn't it?  Well according to her it is anyway.  She's only just finished giving me verbals about the whole thing.  The fact that it was her who arranged the substitute doesn't come into the equation as far as she's concerned.  I took the day off so its my fault.  I  have probably shot myself in the foot, in that everything usually goes like clockwork, although to hear her rant and rave about stuff you'd never think that was the case.  I just think she likes to be cranky all the time.  At least Haldort just left me to get on with things.  
If you are wondering what my supervisor's name is, so am I.  She's one of those characters who doesn't do names, she refers to us by the last route number we were allocated.  Strange, but it kind of works, unless you forget your last route.  As for me, today, even though I've had a day off, how could I forget my last route number?
Isn't it always the way that when you least expect to see someone, they turn up?  I refer of course to Haldort, I haven't seen him for several days and now I see his transport arriving at the north end of the depot.  Each of us are given a main run, then we pull stints on anything else that crops up.  In 
Haldort's case, he's always been on this transport and it just happened to be the ropiest vehicle in the fleet.
Haldort steps out of the vehicle.  By the gods of Kerdap! How can anyone look so bad!  Haldort looks paler than a sheet of paper and so gaunt!  That can't be right.  I should know better, but I ignore the supervisor's cries to come back and head off to meet up with Haldort.  
Haldort seems somewhat surprised to see me and is also surprised that I am  ignoring the protesting supervisor.  I ask if he should be working, looking as poorly as he does.
Haldort replies, "Please don't make a fuss, she'll only make things worse for me.  Taken an instant dislike to me, has that one."  The venom in his voice unmistakable.  I have to admit, of all of us, she does seem to have picked on Haldort as her pet hate.  Perhaps its the fact that he held her rank and 
position on our previous craft and she feels threatened in some way, or perhaps its something else.
"It isn't right though, making you work when you're like this."  I feel most annoyed that anyone should treat another person like this.
Haldort walks somewhat reluctantly towards the supervisor.  She is still complaining at me for ignoring her.  As Haldort gets even closer, she is silent for a while, then asks, "What on the rings of Klesti have you done to yourself man?"
"Nothing, I just don't feel at all well." Haldort stops.
The supervisor approaches and I notice that Haldort appears to be quite nervous.  Gone is his usual swagger, perhaps its his illness.
Quite foolishly, I think, she reaches out and touches his face.  If Haldort has some sort of contagious illness it would be unwise to touch him.  What is more, she puts her finger in her mouth.  Is she mad?  If he is ill, she will have contaminated herself.
There's silence for a while, then she issues forth a kind of manic laugh and exclaims, "I would have thought that you would have been more creative than to use Jestrian rice flour, covers and clings well (unless you overdo it), but has a distinctive taste.  Clean up man and get out on run 242, it is 
scheduled to leave in ten minutes.  For that stunt you can pull a double shift now.  I should have known you'd try and pull something like this."  She turns to me and says, "Well why are you still here?  You should be taking 156 27 out. It is late now!"
I can't believe it, Haldort, trying to pull a sickie, no doubt there's some gambling activity that he wanted to be in on.  To think he had me feeling sorry for him!  Cunning old fox.
No point in getting myself into more trouble, I jump to it and get to the transport in a very short space of time.  I check its manifest list and find that it has been loaded and checked, the transport charged and ready to roll.   No point hanging around here.  I jump aboard and engage the drive.  It 
lurches forward, I glance back at the little group, the supervisor checking the display on her arm, Haldort heading off in the opposite direction, off to clean himself up.  I still can't believe that he'd pull such a... hell what's this?  The power has been cut on my transport.
I glance at the display, it shows, 'Report to the Chief Pursers office.'  Just to make sure that it is genuine I look back over to the supervisor and she's waving her arms about like someone who has lost it and shouts, "Urgently!".
~~~~~~~~
The Chief Purser seems somewhat pleased to see me, even curtails the discussion with the previous person who had come to see her.  She appears to be very nervous, like she's expecting someone or something very important to happen.  She apologises for the "inconvenience."  Then asks if I would 
consider a job change.
Whilst, the current job is not the best on the craft, at least I get to see Pet regularly.  Anything else could take me completely away from her.  The Chief obviously detects my reluctance and apologises again saying that under normal circumstances they wouldn't want to move someone who was as settled as I appear to be, however due to a problem beyond their control, an opening has occurred and whilst I am not obliged to take it on, I appear to be eminently qualified to do so.
I just wish she'd get straight to the point and tell me what they are planning to offer me.  I am reassured that I am 'not obliged to take the job', at least I can turn it down if it would take me away from Pet.  The way that the chief seems to be going about things, this new job sounds for all the world like a demotion.  She pauses and seems to be waiting for some sort of response from me.  
I wonder what I can say, after all I know nothing about the job on offer.  Yet I feel obligated to give some sort of response.  I say, "Well I could consider the change, if you could...."
There is a commotion outside, as someone is approaching the door to the office, someone who appears to be very important, by the way that those outside the office are behaving.  Whoever it is, has so much gold braid and emblems over their, ever so smart uniform.
The chief stands up and says, "Ah here he is, he can tell you himself."
The man full of confidence, steps into the office and holds out his hand towards me.  I stand instantly to attention, recognising that this man must be really high ranking and I wonder what on the rings of Klesti he wants with me.
The Chief points to me and  says "Tom Jab-lick, this is Captain Yasser Jaha-lek."  I hold out my hand and say, "Captain delighted...." 
The Captain clears his throat and replies, "On the contrary, it is me who is delighted to make your acquaintance, the commander of the rescue shuttle has been singing your praises ever since you came aboard.  so have you been put in the picture?"
As I haven't really, I don't answer, instead I wait for the Chief Purser to speak, there's an embarrassing silence for a bit, then she simply replies, "Yes sir."
Captain Jaha-lek turns to me and asks, "What do you think?"
I am still at a loss as to what is on offer, I could try to bluff it out, but where would that lead me, probably a barrel load of trouble.  Thinking back to the honest approach that Pet had used when I didn't know the name of that lad in Engineering, I ask, "Well I'm not quite sure what is expected of me."
Captain Jaha-lek replies, "Only your best efforts and as we have checked out your records, we know that is precisely what you would deliver.  Your efforts aboard your last craft proved that to be the case, I have to say I was most impressed.  So will you give it a shot?"
Perhaps it has something to do with an important cargo that they have to take on-board and the captain is referring to my excellent ability in logistics.  As I am impressed by the fact that the Captain of this craft has taken time out to come down to see me and tell me that he is impressed by me, whatever is on offer, has to beat what I am currently doing, so I answer, "Yes I'll give it my best sir."
There's a large smile on the Captain's face, he holds out his hand and gives me an enthusiastic shake, then announces, "You do half as well as you have to-date and I think you'll go far young man.  Welcome third flight Tom Jab-lick. Welcome to the flight crew."
To think, when my grandmother died, I thought I would never have anyone to care for me who could string more than four words together or ever show emotion; when my father died, I thought I would have to give up my academy studies and end up working down the mines myself; when I went out to space I found myself unappreciated and taken for granted.  
I never thought I could actually come this far.  
I think my family would be proud of me now.
Oh Max? What about Max?  Max was a robot, yes Pet still thinks of him fondly, 
but he was just a robot.

<The End>
12. Re-Birth

Four years, eleven months, twenty two hours, forty minutes and finally..... its here!
We have arrived!
The excitement is electric, as we prepare to land.  It has all been so routine until now, slight course corrections. Oh there was that meteor shower, it got a bit hectic for a while then, but this, this is different.  Finally it is happening!  
All the practice back at home, on the simulators.  All the fake crashes, the near misses and the perfect landings.  It never seemed like we would actually do it for real, but, here we are, adjusting seats, checking readings, calling out process names and streams of figures at each other.  Only really consciously taking note of anything that seems exceptional, the rest just floats past our ears, bouncing around the cabin like droplets of water that have escaped.
It looks like we are going for it, but why shouldn't we be?  It is what we practised for; what we planned for; what we have been waiting for.
Four years, eleven months, twenty two hours,....
The captain asks, “Can I have final check please?  Computer status?”
“All clear.”
“Navigation?”
“All go”
“Comms?”
“All clear, last logs released.”
“Engines?”
“Blocked jet on four... no sorry, that was faulty reading.”
“Check again please Gus!  Engines?”
“All go!”
“OK guys we we are go for landing, Comms commit to log.”
“Committed and Transferring.”
“Confirmed.”
“We are go status for landing.  OK lets kick up some dirt guys!”
~~~~~~~~
“FT fifteen stable, seventy two percent on-board, no losses.  FT sixteen, nine nine, that's ninety nine percent on-board.”
“Gus, What happened to the one percent?” There's a pause.  “Gus I'm waiting!”
“Sorry, checking logs.”
“Gus!  Give me something! I don't want to hit the surface with a leaky tank!”
“It's OK Captain, it was a short term leak, caused by extreme drop in temperature, when that heater pad temporarily failed.  It just didn't register on main.”
“Gus don't give me excuses, I gotta be sure this baby is sound before I hit the surface, is there a computer fault?”
“Checking.”
“Pressure is on Gus, I only have one minute thirty two.”
“Checking...... OK Captain it's the dashboard limiting procedure, the problem was below alert percentage and the factor only showed up when I did detail.”
“OK Gus, you happy for dirt?”
“OK Captain, confirm go.”
“Bloody software people and their limits, I'd rather know earlier.”
“My fault Captain, I should have done several details after the pad failure, but it was a slow leak and all looked good, she's stable and has been so, for the last two months, according to logs.”
“OK Guys, commit to final!”
~~~~~~
The landing is as smooth as stroking silk, the noise of the engines die down, confirming we are on the surface.  
The noisy exchange of process names and figures continues for a while.  Then the Captain declares,  “Textbook!  We are down guys, safe and sound, welcome to your new home.”  
We expected surprises, but there were none.  I have to hand it to him, the Captain certainly knows how to set a bird like this down.
We all let out whoops and cheers.
Kick up dust.... there is plenty of  that, according to the guys who manage to get to a porthole first.    They must be built of sterner stuff that me, I just can't get out of my chair, having experienced no gravity for the length of the journey here, it is quite a shock to suddenly feel it again.  What is more, the gravity is higher here than back on earth.  
At last I get up and out.  I miss my footing several times, this craft isn't really designed for gravity.  Your feet expect to find floor or something closely approximating to it, instead the catwalks are splashed down the walls.  The central walkways are a collection of ladders and oddly placed foot holes.
By the time I make it to the nearest porthole, the dust is thinning considerably.  The reddish pink skyline is just about visible.  It reminds me of a sunset back home.  Stupidly I glance at the nearest clock to see what time it is, then remember that it refers to the time back home.
'Back Home'.... there's a phrase that is relative, unless anything goes drastically wrong and we have to abort the mission, this now my new home.
The Captain takes us by surprise as he announces, “Right only three more landings like that and we're all home and dry.”
He says it as if it was down to him to land the other three craft also, but they have their own crews.  The Captain taps the side of his head and his comms piece sparks into life again.  It's as if he's talking to himself as he chats away, but having sat in on goodness knows how many practices, I know he's informing the crews of the other awaiting craft up there still attached to the spine.
Once all four craft are down, the real work will begin, the flight crew will take on their new roles as construction crew, building our new home.  As for me and the other three scientists, we will begin our work almost instantaneously.  We have to ascertain whether there is any life on the planet...... I keep referring to it as a planet, but in fact its actually a moon.
Hopefully the lab will make it down in one piece, Heather is coming down with that in craft three, or as I and those who prefer naming things call it “Zoe Bios”, named after the Greek words for life in all its forms.  Zoe Bios is equipped out as a fully functioning laboratory and we are suppose to use that as our base.  Although as a backup measure we have got some equipment aboard this craft, its name is “Eureaka”.  The Greek word for “I have found it”, which is a bit strange as the finding bit was done many years back, by astronomers back on earth.
Now I just have to await the arrival of the other three craft and my colleagues.
~~~~~~
Well it certainly has been busy here, in fact you could say non-stop since we arrived.  No sooner had the last craft landed and I was instructed to suit up and and make my way to the  Zoe Bios, to meet up with Heather and Mischa. 
The suit felt somewhat strange, the last time I wore it was about two years ago when we last had a safety drill.  We got so fed up with them that our Captain just filled the logs to say we had done the drills.
As Gus and I exit the Eureka, the view hits me, the dusty soil is kinda yellow with brown streaks  running through in ripples.  In the distance are some hills, ranging in colour from brown, through dark red, to black.  Not a single plant in sight.  I can't wait to get out there and start collecting samples.  I am amazed at the accuracy of the craft landings, they are arranged neatly in a line with a slight curve to it.  The construction crews are starting to connect the craft together.  When they have finished, we will be able to travel between the craft without having to suit up or step outside.  It will be a home from home.
I find it difficult to walk at first, between the suit and the gravity, it is killing.  After a while though I get into the swing of it, the view, the excitement of actually being out here, suppresses the pain.  In fact the fact that I have to walk the length of two craft before getting to the Zoe Bios, is good news, it means that I get more time out here.  I just wonder how long it will take before the novelty of being here will wear off.  At the moment it seems like I will never tire of the thrill.
I cannot resist it any longer, I just have to bend down and scoop up some of this soil.  Although I can't feel it through the suit's gloves, the thrill is amazing, the first time I have lifted the soil of another planet, my new home.  As it trickles through my fingers, I wonder if we can ever get anything to grow in this.  The thought of crops growing out here, excites me.  I can imagine the new view that would be created if we are successful.
As I glance across at Gus, I can see his look of fear, he obviously thought I had fallen, he couldn't see the last remnants of soil trickling through my fingers.  Gus asks, “You OK?  Your suit been compromised at all?”
“Don't worry its fine, I'm fine.” I reply.
“Lets get a move on, just in-case, not worth taking any chances.” Gus suggests.
I just hope that these techies aren't going to accompany us on every trip out here, this would soon become annoying.  I know they have a job to do, but sometimes they carry their safety stuff just too far, what's the matter with just enjoying being alive?
Knowing that I have to obey the protocols, at least until they let us loose on our own, I follow Gus's lead and we head off in the direction of Zoe Bios again.  Hopefully the techies will get too busy building the new settlement and they won't be following us around all the time.  There is plenty for them to do after all.
We soon find ourselves at the front airlock of the Zoe Bios.  I take one last look around before entering.
~~~~~~~  
It was a nice touch calling the meeting in the biodome, we have been called to give the results of our researches into whether there is any life on this moon.
“Firstly welcome to the Biodome, this will probably be your first visit to the dome, if it is, don't worry you will get a chance to have a good look around after the meeting.” says Admiral Wessex, the leader of our colonising group. I can tell that his ever so posh accent is grating on Heather, her face tells all.  Heather would be no good in a game of cards, her face gives away her feelings and emotions too easily.  The Admiral goes on to say, “The purpose of this meeting is to make the important decision as to whether we remain as a small colonising party or can we go for the bigger ideal of transforming this moon into a fully habitable colony?  Anyway I am stating what we all knew would be the choices when it was first muted that we come out here.  As senior Scientist Professor Mischa Koskachoff could you give us the report of the findings of your group?”
Mischa hates such presentations, he prefers to just get on with the work, so between us we arranged that he'd do the opening bit and the rest would be handled by Heather & I.  
Mischa says, “As you know we have been taking the samples from a wide spread of sites and carefully checking these for all signs of life.”  Mischa nods at me.
I press the button secreted in my right hand and the virtual display sparks into life, showing coloured blobs on a satellite view of the areas around our little encampment, the particular satellite that produced them, was released by my craft on our way down here.  So there's an element of pride on my part here, that I had contributed towards this presentation in more ways than just the research.  I kick off with, “These coloured areas show the wide spread of sites that were involved in sample collections, as you can see from the satellite imagery, we chose sites that varied in terms of their structure and geological make up, therefore increasing the chances of picking up on any existence of life forms.  The sampling was done on the basis of making more than one visit to each area in-case there are any climatic changes that contribute towards capturing or non-capture of life form samples.”
Admiral Wessex interrupts me with, “In plain English  please, that means?”
I am silent for a while as I think over the request.  I can see from Mischa's face that he is worried that I have been offended by the interruption.  I feel the pressure to continue and so I say, “Sorry.  As you know this moon has an atmosphere of various gases, some of which would be poisonous to we humans.  Working on the basis that the gases are not present all the time, but travel around in pockets, like our own weather systems back on earth.” I have been living here now long enough to refer to this moon as home, “Back on earth water travels around in the form of clouds and under the right conditions, falls as rain.  The same situation exists here and it could have been a situation where some life forms were dependant upon the existence of the liquid or gaseous form of those molecules.”
“I think I get the drift of what you are saying, but surely it wouldn't be a case of things are only alive when there's a shower of some poisonous gas?” asks the Admiral.
“Well it could be, on the other hand it could be simpler than that, the life form hibernates when the liquid is not around.” I reply.
“So it crawls into a hole when the dry season comes? 
“Exactly right.” I reply and the Admiral smiles.  I can see that Heather is getting impatient as she wants to launch into her piece.  Perhaps she thinks I'm getting too much of the limelight.  Thinking about the area that we agreed my part of the presentation was to follow, I have pretty much covered my part.  No doubt there was something, that given the interruptions, I have forgotten, but at least I have covered the essentials.  I look over at Heather and she nods.  I throw her the remote. She clumsily catches it and throws me one of her looks that could kill.  Luckily I'm used to those and ignore it.
Heather presses the wrong button and the presentation launches into some random video.  Heather  struggles with the remote for a moment then manages to get the presentation back to where it should be.  Several samples are shown.  Heather launches into, “These are just some of the samples that we collected.  We undertook hygroscopic analysis and found that there were hydrophilic symptoms displayed in some samples, there were also examples of crystallization.”
I could see that the Admiral was getting impatient with Heather, yet she seems to be totally ignorant of the situation, so it is of no surprise when the Admiral snaps, “Remember your audience Ms Caspian.”
Heather ignores the Admiral and goes on to say, “One sample, contained what seemed, at first glance, to be a fossil.”
That was a sample that I collected and analysed.  I had failed to note the part that Heather is bound to go on to crow about, especially as it was her that noticed the link that I failed to spot.  Well I was so excited that I appeared to have found a pre-existing life form.
Heather continues, “However, what we failed...”
'We', wow that's a departure for Heather, normally she just comes straight out naming names, instead she is now taking the team  line, group responsibility.  I can't believe it.
“...to notice that it was in fact an example of hygroscopic action, which replicated the look of a fossilised deposit.” 
“So you thought you had found life, yet you had not?” asks the Admiral rather impatiently.
“Yes.” replies Heather.
“Where does this hydro thing come in?” 
“Hygroscopic action is where a fluid dissolves molecules of certain solids that it comes into contact with, further proof that interactions of liquid and solids are taking place, are the existence of crystalline structures, whereby the dissolved solids, form crystalline structures when the fluid evaporates again, often the result of more than one compound combining.”
The Admiral interrupts again, “Sorry at risk of appearing to be rude, as we are not all scientists here, can we short cut this whole process?  Did you or did you not find any life on this moon?”
Heather just stares. There is silence.
Mischa and I look at each other.  Someone has to take control of the situation and it clearly isn't going to be Heather, she feels that her position has been undermined.  After stealing the limelight, it isn't going to be me, I have to work with Heather again and I am sure not going to stick my head in the lion's mouth so to speak.  It has to be down to Mischa.  Yet the fear in his eyes tells me that he's begging me to take over.  Whilst I like Mischa, he is supposed to be the one in charge! 
The silence is killing.
“Will someone tell us, did you find any life here?” The Admiral asks, obviously trying to control his temper.
I look back at Heather, no change there, stubborn as ever.  Mischa still wearing the same pleading look, only it seems somewhat stronger.  The pressure is mounting, someone has to break the tension.
The words come out as more of whisper than a statement of fact, gone is the earlier confidence.  The Admiral impatiently asks, “What was that?  Keith, its Keith isn't it?”
“Y... yes sir it is Keith.”
“Well Keith, did you find any signs of life?”
“Well sir, it is kind of complicated.”
“Obviously, from your colleague's presentation, it seems very complicated, but however, the answer I need is yes or no, can you do that for me Keith?”
Nervously I look at Mischa and he just nods.
“Well sir, life as we know it, there are no signs, but as for other forms of recognisable life, again the answer has to be a we don't think there are any.  As for other forms, we just don't know.”
“Thank you Keith.” The Admiral smiles and then looks at the assembled group, “Right I think we have the answer that we need in order to make our decision today.”
There are mutterings amongst the assembled group, the tension all gone, apart that is from Heather.  She throws me the look that one would throw a traitor.
~~~~~~
As we walk back to the lab, there's a painful silence.  The damage has been done, the Admiral has his remit to begin transforming the atmosphere, to make this moon earth like.  Once that has been done, the real colonisation can take place.
As we enter the lab, Heather turns on me and asks, “Why the hell did you do that?  You made me look stupid!”
Whilst I was expecting some reaction I wasn't quite prepared for that outburst. 
“What's more we now have the worst outcome possible, if there is some other form of life out there, we have just signed its death warrant!  Nicely handled Mr  Thompson!” Heather says.
“What else could we do?” I just hope that appealing to the team spirit in the same way that Heather had supported me in her part of the presentation, in referring to it in the team 'we' sense may work.  I continue, “He was never going to understand the real sense of what we were trying to tell him, namely that whilst we have proved there is no conventional life out there, but equally we have not proved that there no other life forms.  The Admiral just got frustrated by the detail.”
“I am sure HE, would have understood the fact that there was still a lot of work to do, to reach a fully informed decision!  If only he had not been so impatient!”Heather replies, glaring at me, as if the latter was my fault.
I'm not convinced by Heather's argument, but for the sake of reaching a peaceful settlement and getting myself off the hook, I nod in agreement.
Mischa on the other hand, says, “What other decision could the Admiral really reach, other than the one that he has, he's under pressure to commit fully to colonisation, if he possibly can and our research, not being conclusive, in terms of unrecognisable life forms, basically gave him the remit that he needed, to fulfil his obligation to the earth.  It wouldn't matter what dressing up we did, or tried to do, at the end of the day he had the information that he needed.”
Heather turns on him with, “And you did your part in convincing him otherwise, didn't you Mischa!”
 There's that embarrassing silence again.
~~~~~~
Whilst not quite up to the levels that we can rip off the suits and not rely on the heavy tanks of air; the transformation was really taking effect now.  It has been ten months, a slow and painful business.  The oxygen levels are creeping up as more plants take a hold in the modified alien soil.  At first we started with the introduction of various types of bacteria, they had the effect of eating up the undesirable elements and gases and converting them into more useful by-products, including organic material when the bacteria cells died.  Some of the bacteria suffered greatly as they couldn't cope with some of the gases and substances that they encountered.  We had to do a bit of re-engineering to produce newer varieties, that would survive and thrive.  Once they had done their work, scrubbing the soil and atmosphere, we moved onto the next level of bacteria, which concentrated on other gas and element groups.  It was a bit like scrubbing a really grubby item, you use strong chemicals at first and gradually wind down to less intensive chemicals, as the item gets cleaner.
We have had to travel all over this moon to ensure all corners have been covered.  We split into three teams of two people, craft 4, 'Aquarius' took us to our temporary bases and each team set up their temporary shelters, using them as a base for the period of time that we needed, in order to deposit our bacteria payloads and also two days later we would take appropriate samples, so that we could check for any adverse effects.  That was how we found that one bacteria group, was being killed off and the effect tended to be regional in nature, depending on what environment the bacteria found itself in.
Whilst I missed Mischa, I was glad not to be working with Heather.  Talk about holding a grudge!
Now we are on the final stretches of the transformation, it is quite rewarding to see the view from our little settlement, changing so drastically.  It was becoming very much, as I had imagined it, the first day that we arrived here.  I have the latest collection of samples in my box and am about to analyse them.  
It has been a long day and I'm really looking forward to clocking off and getting some rest, but I have to analyse these samples before I turn in.
I am glad to find that the lab is empty.  I set my box of samples down in the airlock and set off the clean cycle.  Then I go to the clean up chamber, de-suit and then suit-up in my lab gear.  By the time I get into the lab, the clean cycle has finished.  I unpack the samples; difficult to do through the remote gloves, they always seem so awkward, no matter how many enhancements are applied.  Its a fact, that we have accepted now, just feels weird whenever you start using them.
OK, let's get started, first sample.  I pick out my first lump of rock and put it in the magnifier.  I am soon seated and the scan begins, the system checks every micrometre.  It checks for known patterns, as well as logging odd occurrences.  Lists start to appear on the screen, lists of codes and locations.  Most reassuring and expected, but then others appear on the right hand side of the screen, at first the odd one or two, then the list starts to grow longer.  Some of the changes are probably down to the transformation action and are kind of expected, I examine those manually, inspecting every part of the abnormality, identifying patterns and noting those that have a logical explanation.  Even in this day and age of automation, there's still a need for human interaction, thankfully for me.  So far, the number of totally unexplained changes have been very small.  But, when I now look at the screen, this long list indicates that the  number of unusual changes are increasing.  That has to indicate only one thing, lets call it 'The alien material effect'.  What do I mean by that?  Well something in these alien materials is reacting with the transformation process and it is creating something as yet previously unknown.  For a place with no known life forms this has to be downright weird!  Effectively inanimate objects, like rock seem to be suddenly exhibiting something like life.  
At first I wonder if it is me being tired and misreading the display and information being presented.  But after a strong cup of coffee, I go back to the display and sure enough it is a plain as can be.  The evidence is there before me.  What is more I could swear that part of the the rock sample that I am currently viewing has moved!
OMG!  There is alien life on this planet and we have just caused it to mutate in response to us changing its atmosphere.  We were right to be concerned.
~~~~~~
There's a sense of deja-vu, as this meeting has been called in exactly the same spot within the bio dome, as the last time; when we discussed whether we press ahead with transformation.  There are even the same people present.  As before, Admiral Wessex calls the meeting to order and says, “As you know we have called this meeting, as Professor Koskachoff's team think they have discovered that there was a life form here after all.  We need to consider the implications of such a discovery and whether we should call a halt to the expansion of our settlement here.  You probably know that the advance colonisation party are already making their way here, so it would be a really serious decision if we were to decide to turn them around and make them head back to Earth.  Before making any recommendations to the colonising, planning and control centre, we need to fully consider all implications including the investment already made to the project and the effect of cancelling all contracts and shipments from Earth.”
No pressure there then?  
The Admiral says, “Right over to you Professor and please can you and your team try not to confuse us with the technical details.”
“Thank you for this meeting.” Mischa says, as he looks around the room smiling at the faces, all looking up at him.  If he's feeling any stress at having to make this speech, he is sure covering it up well, he seems perfectly relaxed.  He continues, “It is essentially like this, we checked for life forms before the transformation process be started and found no recognisable forms.  After kicking it off, the transforming bacteria, which's purpose, to be cleaning up, the gases and substances.  We again look for life forms, only expecting to find the bacterias or derivatives of.  Instead we are finding other, forms of life, in of all places, samples of the rock.”
The Admiral asks, “But surely what you were finding on the surface of the rocks were bacteria colonies that have settled there.”
Mischa, big beaming smile and several nods of the head, “Thinking this, would we also be thinking.  But not the case, I can assure you, the rock itself is transformed into life form, of its own right.  At first visual checking, young Keith he makes, recording carefully all the way his findings.  Our equipment it knows bacteria and normal derivatives and recognises some of these, so these we are eliminate.  Leave us, this with forms that machines, nor Keith, recognises.  I and Heather checking, also and confirm.  Then Heather does chemical analysis and she does not find bacteria produces or  component make up, but altogether stranger combinations.  We refer back to Earth, as double checking and they also confirm, what we have not got and he sure isn't bacteria.”
“Alright, I understand that you have confirmed a new life form, but what implication has this on the colonisation plans, surely we could coexist with such a life form, as if it were a moss or something similar?” Admiral Wessex asks.
“Well on the count of that, we know not.” Mischa pauses for dramatic effect and by the look of the faces around us, it is successful, the group seem to be hanging on his every word, he continues, “So far the life form has only been exposed to the bacteria and limited plant types, that we have released, expose it to other life forms, like more complex plants, animals, insects or even ourselves and who knows what the effect could be.”
One of the Captains asks, “Have you no idea whether it will be a neutral or a disastrous effect?”
“Sorry, but no, we would have to do controlled exposures, to small quantities of bio samples, to see if there is some form of reaction.  That could take hours, it could take months or even years, especially if the reaction were to be a slow one.  The concern of me, Heather and Keith if that if disaster be the label, it could already be too late for us, but to deliberately expose others to the threat  would be morally wrong.” 
There is silence for a while, as everyone takes in what has been said.  
The Admiral then says, “Right we have a year until it is point of no return for the first craft of settlers heading out here, I propose that we give you and your team 11 months to carry out your studies and see what we have here.  I also propose that despite the unpopularity of the message back home; that we suggest, that they make no further plans to send any further missions, until after the year has expired.  That way, least harm will be done to other humans and come to that any animals or crops that they are planning to send out here.  As our settlement here is democratic in nature, can I put the proposal to the vote?”
There is silence for a short while.  The Admiral scans the faces looking for any sign of disagreement.  As there is none, he resumes, “Right, all in favour of allowing the Professor's team to continue their research and for us to alert Earth of the potential problem vote now.”
To my surprise there are several people who do not raise their hand, not enough to derail the Admiral's proposal.
At least we have some time to prove whether or not, what is going on here on this moon, is likely to be dangerous to us or not.
~~~~~~~~
Eight months now and no signs of any adverse reactions, by the new life forms to any of the bio samples introduced to them, yes there are several types now.  None of them can walk, but there are two types that can wriggle.  If left to their own devices and with a free run, would probably be able to get back outside, from the lab.  It is fascinating watching how these life forms are developing and changing.  Evolution happening before our very eyes.
We had until recently, strictly controlled the environment under which they have been tested.  We have replicated the gases and fluids found outside.  However, the transformation has been so successful that the atmosphere is rapidly approaching that of earth, larger proportions of oxygen can be found out there now, not enough yet to support human life, but approaching the bottom end of our requirements now.  The poisonous gases have, considerably dropped in volume.  There are still a few pockets dotted around, it will be a few months still before we can rip off our suits and walk around outside.  Even then we predict that there will still be some areas that we have to avoid because of the poisonous gases.
The Admiral was right about the fact that our announcement would be unpopular back on Earth.  Apparently there were conspiracy theories galore, including accusations that we had found untold riches and don't want any more settlers, as we didn't want to share our new found wealth.  There was also a crazy rumour, that the settlement had been invaded by aliens and it was them who had banned further settlers.  
It is amazing what we humans will come up with, when there's a bit of an information vacuum.  We are quite prepared to invent any story, to fit how we see the situation.
Whilst back here, we struggle on to survive, our field trips have had to be cut back quite a bit, as fuel is getting low and we do not want to be using our survival rations, intended to provide energy for lighting and heating.  After all, the winter can be pretty severe on this moon.  We also need to retain enough fuel in-case we have to mount an emergency evacuation.  Not that it would actually get us far, certainly not all the way back home. 
~~~~~~
I am heading for the lab to report for my night shift, when I notice that there is a girl in uniform standing in front of the door.  She is carrying a weapon, yes a weapon, I can't believe my eyes.  I didn't even know we had any on-board any of the craft, let alone this one.  She stares straight at me, as if looking for something, she doesn't speak at first, come to that neither do I.  The shock of seeing a uniformed someone, carrying a weapon and barring my way to the lab, is just too great for me to challenge her.  As could be expected, the challenge comes from her to me.  She says, “Sorry sir, but you cannot enter.”
I weakly reply, “But, but I work here.  What's going on?  Has there been an accident?”
“Sorry sir, I must insist that you return to your cabin, all citizens are being asked to return to their cabins until further notice.” she replies, then I catch sight of the weapon moving, as an indication that she'll use it if she has to.
I step back, automatically, not wanting to get shot.  I resume, “I work here, I am Keith Thompson , here's my pass,” I point to the ID badge in my jacket, she makes no attempt to read it, but just stands there staring at me, as if she does not understand what I am saying.  After a brief silence I continue, “I am one of the scientists and if there has been an accident, I need to go in there, in-case there has been any contamination and a clean up is required.”
“Not necessary sir, just return to your cabin, you will be contacted in due course.  It is for your own safety.” she says and that really freaks me out.  Mention safety to scientist and it worries us silly.   There must have been a major incident for this sort of lock down. 
I ask, “Where is Mischa, er Professor Koskachoff?”
“Probably in his cabin like everyone else sir, now please, this has gone on long enough; I must insist that you return to your cabin now.” The weapon moves again, but this time its a little more animated and I feel quite threatened by it, so I decide a tactical retreat is in order.  Maybe I can contact Mischa from my cabin.
~~~~~~
The words on the screen are almost as threatening as the girl waving the weapon, “This call is unauthorised and has been logged.”  
What the hell is going on here, I can't get into the lab, I am banned from talking to Mischa and Heather.  Is there some sort of military takeover taking place?  Have the folks back on Earth got so suspicious about our activities here that they have decided to declare martial law on us and take control again?
I have to get to the root of all this and find out what is going on.  But how?
Then it strikes me, I can't talk with Mischa or Heather, maybe I can contact Gus, whilst I didn't get on too well with the techies, I always found Gus was more approachable than most, we were getting along quite well, until they put a stop to the longer range field trips and they put Gus onto other work.  He may know nothing, but it was worth a try.  I call up the directory and hit send.  The familiar connection tone is heard.  I am surprised to hear Gus's voice, I half expected this call to be blocked too.  He sounds quite concerned, “Oh thank goodness you are OK Keith, I'm glad you called, I was worried about you when I heard the news.”
“Yes, thanks Gus I'm fine, do you know what has happened?  I can't get hold of Heather or Mischa; and they won't let me into the lab.”
“You haven't heard then?” Gus asks, his face looks very sad.
“No what has happened?”
“Not sure how to tell you this Keith.....”
“What has something happened to Mischa?”
“No...”
“It's Heather isn't it?”
“Yes, there was an accident in the lab and...”
The connection is broken, the familiar message 'This call is unauthorised and has been logged.' 
What the hell is going on?  Heather in an accident, what sort of accident?  By the look on Gus's face it must have been serious, especially to impose a lock down of this proportion.  Why would they want to keep me from knowing what has happened, surely I and Mischa would be best placed to help Heather, unless the accident was so severe that she is now dead.  Come to that, is Mischa also dead?  No, Gus said nothing had happened to Mischa, just Heather.
I can't remain cooped up in my cabin, I have to find out what has happened and see if there is anything I can do.  I have to thump desk and exert some sense of authority if needs be.  I might not be the one in charge of the lab, but I have to do, what I can do.
I decide that I'm going to go straight to the top, and see the Admiral.  So, determined, I open my cabin door and march out in the direction of the Admiral's office, aboard craft two.  
I get to the next junction and I am challenged from further down one of the corridors.  The voice, clearly a military one, politely but firmly instructs me to return to my cabin immediately. 
Determined that I will not be stopped, I rapidly descend the nearest stairs and hear the voice instruct me to halt or I will be shot. 
Knowing that the person threatening me, has a way to run, before they can carry out their threat, I drop as fast as I can.  That's one advantage of not having conventional stairs.  Then I run down the corridor that leads to the connecting tunnel.  It is highly likely that it will be guarded and I could be running into a trap.
~~~~~~
I know that the Admiral's office is in this craft, but I don't know quite where.  As I exit from the the tunnel I hunt around for a terminal, so I can pull up the directory and hopefully a map.  I listen carefully, in-case there is anyone on patrol.  I find a terminal.  Dammed thing beeps whenever you touch an icon or character.  Why is it that they never make it easy to turn the sound off?
Ah there is the Admiral's name, I touch it and up comes his entry with the various options: to call, to locate, to show location of room.  That's the one. I touch it and the annoying beep sounds again.  Nervously I look around to see if I have been spotted.  Come on hurry up!  I'm sure these things have a stress detector in them and they deliberately go slower when you most need them to be quick and efficient.
What's that?
I hear the sound of more than one person running, sounds like they are coming this way.  I look around for somewhere to hide, there isn't anywhere obvious.  So I look at the doors nearby.  Perhaps one is unlocked and I can sneak in and hide just long enough to throw them off the scent.  The first two doors do not respond, but the third does, it glides open quietly and quickly, just what I need.  The room beyond is dark.  I look back up the corridor where the running sounds are coming from, in-case I have been spotted, last thing I want is to be trapped in a dead end.  No-one in sight, so I quickly dart inside and touch the door close panel.  As the door glides shut, I fumble around for the lock pad.  Its times like this that you really could do with a light stick, but somehow you never have one on you.
I jump as a hand touches mine and a gentle voice whispers in my ear, “It's OK let me, I know where it is.”  
Skilfully the fingers seek out the lock pad and the hand bushes over mine as it retreats.  The perfume intoxicating, reminds me of someone, but quite who or where from completely escapes me. 
The fingers take me by surprise again as they slide into my hand and the voice whispers, “Follow me.”
I can feel the fingers gently pulling me in a particular direction.
The gentleness of the voice, the softness of the fingers, that perfume, all leads me to believe that whoever this is can be trusted.  After all if they wanted to betray me, they have had plenty of opportunity to do so.  I am still mystified as to who this is though and why they want to help me.
I gently grip the fingers, I don't want to lose them.  Whoever owns them, knows this room so well they can walk around it in the dark and I don't want to trip on something and give away the fact that I'm hiding here.
I can hear faint voices outside, whoever it is, knows that someone was using the terminal and from the odd word that I catch, it seems they know where I was going to be heading.  I hear the word 'Admiral' mentioned a couple of times.  Then I hear the footsteps as two people run away.  At least it sounds like two people.
The fingers pull me down, the voice follows with, “It's OK you can sit down here.”
I feel around with my other hand and sure enough there is something soft and warm.  At first it gives easily, then becomes firm.  I gently ease myself down.
Suddenly I recall where I have smelt the perfume before, in the bio dome at those meetings.  It's that rather pretty girl from admin who took the notes.  She smiled at me, the first  time, when I made my presentation, such a nice smile.  I remember that she was nodding as I spoke, as if in agreement with everything I said.
We listen in silence, in-case the two people outside decide to come back.
It seems very strange to be sitting in a dark room with a complete stranger and neither saying a word.  I can feel whatever I am sitting on is moving slightly.  The feeling you get when you are sitting on a shared chair, when someone leans forward.
I struggle to recall what this girl looked like, mind you I don't know for sure that it is her.  I am only assuming this to be the case because of the perfume.  That's it, she had short dark hair, not sure if it was brown or black, but definitely dark.  The smile comes back in mind, at first the image I have is of perfectly smooth skin, but then I recall that she had some spots, nothing serious, just the usual for someone young.  Hark at me as if I am any age at all really.  I never saw her standing up, so I have no idea how tall or come to that short she was, or much really about the style of her clothes.  Although I seem to recall her top was quite, what's the word? Ah, that's it, her top was quite conservative and not in the least showy, she had seemed to be dressed in the type of clothes that you would expect an administrator to wear.  'Smart but casual' as an old friend of mine would say. 
I am taken by surprise as I hear the girl's voice again, she whispers, “So why did you come to see me?”
“Well actually I didn't know you were here, I was hiding from those two out there.”
“Why what have you done?” she asks.
“Nothing, they just want me to stay in my cabin, as some incident has happened up at the lab.”
“Don't tell me, you hate being cooped up?”
“If you don't mind me asking, why didn't you scream or something like that when I came in?”
There is an embarrassing silence for a while, then she replies, “Why would I need to do that?  I recognised your face as the door opened.”
Time for me to be silent as I mull over the possible implications of her reply.  I feel whatever I am sat on, move and wonder what the girl is up to.  This whole situation is not comfortable, sat in the complete darkness, whispering with a stranger, who recognised me, but I haven't a clue who she actually is and whether I can really trust her or not.  Add to that, the fact that she knows her way around this room like the back of her hand and I know nothing about the layout or the contents.  I feel so vulnerable.
I reply, “But you didn't know if I was going to harm you, or not.”
“Do not worry on that count, I can look after myself.  I have done martial arts since I was five.”
“How do you know, I'm not more proficient than you are?” I ask, knowing full well, that if, what she is saying is true, she could probably wipe the  floor with me.
“Oh fancy your chances do you?  I'll take you on, if you insist.”
I feel the chair or whatever I am perched on move again. Crikey! She really means it, she is going to fight me in the dark.  I brace myself for the first strike, thinking that I should not have issued my challenge, after all I have never done any form of martial arts or come to that self defence.  My Dad wanted to enrol me in classes when I was young, but I was never interested, I'd rather defend myself on a games console, I was ace at that by the way.  I'm wondering now if I would have been better attending the classes.
'Here it comes.' I think as I feel her legs brush past my left hand.  She is not wearing trousers for sure and her legs are as smooth as silk.  My mind races as I as I try to piece together a mental picture of her again, anticipating what she is going to do next.  
There's a faint noise coming from the area of the door.  It sounds like she is pressing buttons on the panel.  What the heck is she going to do?
The door softly and quietly slides open. I see her silhouette, quite long dark hair, face in profile, small gently curved nose, mouth pursed up in anticipation of trouble, one hand on the door post, the other in mid air as if reaching out for the other post but not quite reaching it.  Even though she has long hair, I recognise the facial features, it is definitely the same girl.  Her head rapidly turns, as she looks down the other end of the corridor, presumably the direction the two runners went.  As she does so, her whole body swings round, enough for me to see that she has a shapely figure, not ultra slim but equally not, well you know what I mean.  She steps back and the door closes.
Plunged into darkness again.
It is a shock as the light goes on.
I can see the girl properly now and conservative is not a description of what she is wearing now.  A floral short skirt and a top that, how should I say this, attracts attention, is probably the best way. She says, “Well It looks clear, it's Keith isn't it?”
“Yes, but you have me at a disadvantage I was never introduced to you.” I reply.
She laughs, “Yes the Admiral was never one for doing the creeping death by names thing.”
“The what?” I ask.
“You know go around the table and introduce yourself, say what you do and why you are here. He prefers to get straight into the meeting.  It makes my job harder, as I have to catch up with those who spoke at the meeting and get their names afterwards.  Luckily the Admiral knew your name, so you were easy.”  She laughs at her description of me.
“Well I have been described as many things before, but easy is a new one on me.”  I thought that picking up on her humour would be good, but she goes red.  I decide to divert onto, “I still don't know your name though.”
“Sorry I forgot that bit, I am Naomi, Naomi Jenks.”
Naomi, nice name, not so sure about the Jenks, but I like Naomi.
Naomi continues, “As you probably gathered I am the Admiral's administrator.  I was a last minute substitute, the original fell ill, just before we left Earth, so I stepped in.”
“So Naomi, would you be able to take me to the Admiral?”
“Do you want to talk with him about the accident?” Naomi asks.
“Well yes, but before I do, can you tell me what happened?  As all I know is that the lab is off limits.  You see, I tried to get in for my night duty and I was turned away by some weapon toting girl.”  
Naomi laughs at me, “Well I have never heard that description of one of our security personnel before, 'weapon toting girl', I like it.  Sorry, its my sense of humour, gets me in all sorts of trouble.  Anyway, you want to know what happened.  I don't know the detail, but I do know that there was an accident and the bio protection something or other was breeched, something escaped into the lab and the lady Scientist, sorry I can't remember her name.”
“Heather.”
“Yes that's it.  Nice, but a bit pushy, if I recall correctly.”  Naomi turns bright red.
“That's alright, I work with her.” I feel guilty myself now, as I recall that Heather is probably seriously ill, or worse.
“Sorry, given what has happened, that was rather insensitive.”
“What has happened?” I ask somewhat briskly and instantly feel guilty about it.
“Sorry, you don't know, Heather was infected and in her panic, she fell onto some equipment and died.  The Professor discovered her, but it was too late by then.  In examining her, he also got infected and is now in isolation in the medical centre.  The military decided that for everyone's safety it would be best to declare martial law and keep everyone in their cabins, in-case this thing gets out.”
“Can you get me in to see Mischa?”
“The Professor?  Why would you want to do that?  You might get infected also.” The look of fear on her face is genuine.
“I need to discover just what got out and get some advice on what we do from this point on.  If anyone would know it would be Heather or Mischa and I don't need to say any more do I?”
“Well, I certainly wouldn't be able to get you in to see the Professor.”
I am most disappointed, I was hoping that she may be able to pull strings, having the connection with the Admiral and all. 
Naomi suggests, “Perhaps the Admiral can help?”
“Can you get me in to see him?” I ask hopefully.
“Better than that, I have a secure line to his office.” Naomi walks over to a screen on the wall, taps it and it springs to life, there's an icon that I haven't seen on these screens before. She touches it and within seconds, the image changes to a view of an office.  There is a desk and empty chair in the distance.  I am disappointed that there is no sign of anyone in the room.
“Where...” I start to ask.
Naomi indicates that I should be quiet and points to the microphone in the corner of the screen.  Naomi softly walks back over to me, she whispers in my ear, “Sorry I should have warned you, this secure line gives us a view into the Admirals office, before alerting him that I am calling, in-case there is a situation in his office.  I can see it, before I make it known that I am calling, I can also listen in and record what's going on, if I need to.  It also connects the audio in-case I have an emergency at my end and I can call out for help.”
There's movement on the screen, I recognise the individual who has emerged from a side room, it is the Admiral.  He looks up at the screen. “You alright Naomi?”
Naomi asks, “Are you alone sir?”
“I thought we were all alone, with this darned martial law thing.  What can I do for you?” the Admiral asks.
“I have Keith with me, he didn't know what had happened in the lab.  He told me that he needs to see the Professor in order to find out exactly what happened and get advice on what to do next.”
“Why would Keith want to put himself at risk of being infected by this, whatever it is?  No, I cannot sanction that, it could be suicide.”
I nod at the screen and sign to Naomi, to ask if I can speak.  Naomi nods, she picks up a remote and  presses a button.
The Admiral exclaims, “Ah Keith, I wondered if I would see you.  How are you?”
“Fine sir, I have to see Mischa, sir, to find out exactly what happened and get advice on how I can help him and also stop anyone else being affected.  We also need to know if this is a one off or if we are at risk, when outside.  If this is a new life form or a virus responding to the atmospheric changes outside, it will be game over for the colonising craft heading here.  We may also need to carry out an evacuation ourselves.”
“You really believe it could be that serious?  I thought this was going to be a temporary confine and contain operation.” The admiral finally looks as worried as I feel.
“Yes sir, it could be more serious.  I have to find out exactly what infected Heather and Mischa and the extent of the damage.  Whilst you and others think that whatever it is, has been contained in the lab and sealing up the lab is the answer, in fact it could already be out there and spreading across this moon like wildfire and you've only got to have someone out there working on something, they fall, compromise their suit, they get rescued, brought back and we have an epidemic on our hands.  Also for all we know, if  retrieval of the Professor from the lab to the medical facility was flawed at all, we could already have an epidemic breaking out.  We will be powerless to do anything unless we know what we are dealing with.”
The Admiral is silent for a while, he paces up and down his office, then stops and asks, “What makes you so sure that you can avoid spreading this thing yourself?  If by visiting the Professor, you become the agent who spreads this thing.”
“You forget sir, I am trained to take maximum precautions, I am used to dealing with these situations and risks, I know what I am doing.”
The admiral is silent again, then announces, “Keith, I am going to take one hell of a risk of faith in you, because I trust you and believe in you, I hope by all that is holly, that my faith is well placed, because, I will never forgive myself if by assisting you, I unwittingly release this thing into our little community.  But I can see the logic and sense in what you are advising.  Give me twenty minutes, I will arrange your safe passage to the Professor, is there anything else that you need?”
I spend the next few minutes explaining what I need and why, Naomi takes notes and sends them to the Admiral.
~~~~~~
Mischa is surprised and delighted to see me.  I can see from his skin that he is badly affected by whatever he came into contact with. What is more it appears to be worse than an allergic reaction.  It looks more like a radiation burn at first glance.  The medics have him in a transparent containment suit.  It can't be very comfortable for him in that, but at least, whatever has infected him, can't get out into the room that they are keeping him in.
I ask Mischa about the incident and ask him to run through everything that happened, including his journey to the medical unit.  We compare notes, even on the decontamination procedures that the medics took to get him into the suit, then to transport him here.  According to Mischa's account, they did everything by the book.  We discuss what had happened to Heather and the accident that triggered the whole thing off.  According to Mischa, he had replayed the video logs and he saw how it had happened.  Heather made the mistake of reaching behind her for something and as she swung her arm back, it caught a large piece of equipment, which came crashing down hitting the bio screen.  On its way down, it hit something else, smashing the leading metal edge and making it into a sharp implement, that pierced the bio screen.  The force of impact must have been so great, that at first it penetrated the screen and shortly afterwards it shattered, releasing any life form that came with the samples.  Heather, seeing the equipment crashing down, leapt backwards, tripped on the chair leg of all things and fell onto another piece of equipment, that injured her seriously.  Apparently, she lay for some time twitching.  In that time something infected her wounds and the skin around that area started to show the same signs as Mischa's, was now showing.
I ask how Mischa is feeling.  Remarkably he reports that apart from drifting in and out of sleep now and again and his skin feeling itchy, he feels alright.
We next discuss what actions I should now be taking.  At first Mischa is concerned about my safety and me affecting my health, I say, “Look Mischa I knew the risks when I signed up for this mission, I have the lives of everyone on this moon to consider, I must do what I can to avoid a disaster.”
I notice Mischa has tears rolling down his face, he says, “I am knowing this also, but you are so young to have such responsibility.”
“There's no-one else who can do it Mischa.  It goes with the territory, we both know that my friend.  We signed up together, both knowing that.  No-one forced me to sign on the dotted line I wanted the work.  I still want the work.  Stick in there Mischa.”
“Don't be worry on that score Keith my friend, I will be here for you, take care of yourself and don't  risks you take.”
“Don't worry Mischa, I value my life and everyone else's too much for that.” 
“Who is pretty girl watching you out there?  You have guardian Angel?  Care to lend her to me, or perhaps you bring her to watch after me, no?” Mischa nods to the large window, where Naomi is looking in.
I smile and answer, “I'm afraid you'll have to get your own Angel Mischa.”
“Oh its like that eh?  OK Mischa can take hints, especially when they are wrapped in sledge hammer.”  Mischa smiles, a weak smile, but never-the-less a smile.
One of the things I always liked about Mischa was his sense of humour.
We say our goodbyes and I leave the room and carefully carry out the decontamination process.  Then I interview the chief medic to confirm Mischa's account, of his removal from the lab. Sure enough the medic, a lady by the name of Jane Poulson, confirms textbook extraction.  I smile and thank her.  Jane then asks what I plan to do next, I recount the plan that Mischa and I had drawn up.  Jane suggests a few minor amendments, which make perfect sense to me.  Then Jane asks to be kept informed of my progress, likewise I ask her to keep me informed of Mischa's progress.
I emerge from the medical unit and Naomi is waiting for me, she asks me how Mischa is and whether he was able to help me.  As we walk to the lab I tell her of the plans that Mischa and I had discussed, also Jane's suggested amendments.
When we get to the lab I am delighted to see the boxes that I had requested are waiting for me, along with a couple of the military personnel.  This time they are really friendly and helpful.  Naomi says that she is going to report back to the Admiral;  she reaches out, grabs my hand and says, “Take care of yourself, don't take any risks, if you can't complete it.... well if you can't, you can only do your best, just take care right?”
I smile and reply, “Just what Mischa said.  Its nice to know that I have friends supporting me.”
Reluctantly Naomi lets go of my hand and walks away. I set about unpacking the boxes, but as I do I catch sight of Naomi looking back at me...... more than once.
~~~~~~~~
Despite my best efforts I have been unable to stop the 'epidemic', if you can call it that.  The good news, is that it does not kill, but it does permanently change us.  In my efforts to find out what this thing is and what effect it has, I discovered that it completely changes our DNA, not only the information strands but the way it works and makes us into a completely new species.  
We no longer have to wear suits to protect us from the atmosphere or the radiation, when going outside.  Our skin is perfectly capable of dealing with the radiation.  As for the pockets of poisonous gases, we enjoy those, to us it is like, like going to the seaside and smelling the sea air, back on Earth.  We came here hoping to make this our home and it is so much our home now that we would not survive easily anywhere else.
What other effects has our transformation brought?  I mentioned our skin; at first we seemed quite grotesque, our skin becoming dark and lumpy, but now we feel quite beautiful as the various hues of browns, purples, reds and greens are evident.  To me Naomi is especially beautiful, she has so many hues of green and red that every time I see her I notice new patterns.  We love our new look so much, that we abandoned wearing clothes a long time ago.
We get on with each other so much better now, not that we had many problems before, but now that we can communicate direct by thought, we finally understand each other and that can be so delicious I can assure you.  As we know what each other are thinking, there is far less misunderstanding or argument come to that.  The fact that we all appreciate each other so much more now, we are happy to share everything we have, jealousy seems to be a thing of the past.  There is no need for security, no need for the position of Admiral or governance group, we just get on with our lives, we know what needs to be done.  Naomi and I work together with Mischa in the lab, she is as fascinated as we are, at how this moon is changing.  We are like children discovering the world for the first time. Excited at all that we find, developing a completely new biological categorisation system.  We look after the plants and animals, warding off any diseases and looking for cures.  
It is like history, has re-started, but with the benefit of hindsight.
What of the earth and the colonisation plans?  Well we keep in contact, in fact we are still good friends with the people of the Earth and occasionally, a craft will make its way out here with some new colonists who are brave enough to want to be transformed.   We even had one man who tried to enforce a new religion on us, but needless to say he didn't get far, we just were not interested.  In fact that was quite sad, he never settled here with us and it was too late for him to return home.  He ended up living out in the wilderness on his own, didn't have anything to do with any of us.  He made a shelter of his own, I saw it once, but he was no-where to be seen.
Ironic really we come here to transform this moon, instead it transforms us, you could call it our re-birth.
<The End>
Enjoyed This Book?
If you have enjoyed this book, you can support the author by donating a small sum at his website www.SciFiStories.co.uk
You can also keep an eye on Steve's website to see what further short stories and books are on the way.
Have you checked out Steve's books, “The Sphere of ...” series? Or “The Tower Bridge”?
If you have enjoyed this book, you can help support Steve's writing by donating through his website, look for the donate button.
