Stone of Truth 
The Divine Commissions of Eli and Jasmine - Volume II
By Donna J. Farris
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2015 Donna J. Farris
Discover other titles by Donna J. Farris 
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/donnajfarris
Image Copyrights:
Unicorn Logo – Zorica Lukacev – Gra – Fotolia.com
Ten Commandments Image – Tammy Hardwick – Fotolia.com
Two boys fighting over candy – matka_Wariatka – Fotolia.com
Apple with Worm – James Steidl – Fotolia.com
Truth/lies  – Sharpshot – Fotolia.com
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Special thanks to Nancy Pearcey, Lindy Keffer and Lesslie Newbigin whose works inspired some of the ideals expressed through the characters in this book. 
For Trinity Rose
Extra special thanks to Teacher Tracy who understood that Christians have been entrusted with a truth which will outlast all attempts to destroy it because it is the truth of the Everlasting God.
“Surely the people are grass...The grass withers, the flower fades, but the word of our God stands forever.” Isaiah 40:7-8
Table of Contents
Chapter 1 – It began with a rock
Chapter 2 – Someone’s watching
Chapter 3 – Is it right or is it wrong?
Chapter 4 – Stormy skies over Sheboygan County
Chapter 5 – Preparing for battle
Chapter 6 – Defending truth
Chapter 7 – Values for all people
Chapter 8 – Who cares?
Chapter 9 – Heaven responds
Chapter 10 – Sure foundations




Chapter 1 - It began with a rock
A voice came from the midst of the third heaven saying, “Who are these who fly like the clouds, leading many to the paths of truth?”
“Sir, Jasmine and I are here,” announced Eli, as the two angelic beings bowed reverently before the throne of the glorious Almighty.
“Liar destroys the faith and courage of many,” declared the Eternal One. “The gift is ready. Make sure she gets it.”

Some stories begin with words like, “Once upon a time,” or “In the beginning.” Scary stories often start with words like, “It was a dark and stormy night.” But this story is different. It actually begins with the discovery of a small rock.
You see, Trinity Woodard was an elementary school teacher. For thirteen years she had taught fifth grade at Plymouth Elementary School in eastern Wisconsin. Miss Trin, as her students liked to call her, was creative, talented, resourceful, and above all else, passionate about teaching. Since receiving her teaching credential, she had dedicated her time and energies to helping children learn the skills necessary to truly succeed in life. For Miss Trin, this meant two things:  discovering and embracing God’s will for their lives, and selflessly serving others. But Trinity’s personal interest in the well-being of her students was the very reason she was now in so much trouble.

Trinity slowly walked through the front door of her quiet, two-story country home. Her briefcase and purse landed with a loud thud on top of her antique, walnut kitchen table situated near the patio door. It was the end of what had been the most challenging day of her entire career. As a teacher, she had experienced tough days before and managed to overcome the occasional discouragement which came with her profession. Without a doubt, shaping young minds certainly had its ups and downs. She pulled off her raincoat and draped it over one of the table chairs. Then staring blankly out the sliding glass door, she said, “But it looks like all that may be over soon.”

Plymouth Elementary School was one of the oldest schools in the entire state of Wisconsin. Trinity’s great grandmother on her father’s side actually helped build the school in 1887. In those days, all students met in a one-room school house and one teacher taught every subject. The women of the Woodard family had been teachers ever since. So it was no great surprise when Trinity’s mother began to suspect God had given her little girl the gift of teaching as well.
As her mother tells the story, Trinity was only three years old when she taught her first “class”.
“I had just finished the breakfast dishes that morning,” her mother used to say, “...when I noticed you were not in the kitchen. I looked upstairs in your room and then searched the downstairs den, but you were nowhere to be found. Then I heard your sweet little voice coming from the back yard. When I went out onto the deck, I saw you standing on top of some rocks which your father had stacked up against the wood pile near the garage the night before. How you managed to climb to the top of that rock heap without hurting yourself was nothing short of a miracle.
“Any way, there you were with Rusty, your brother Ben’s golden retriever, and Freckles, your calico cat. Both animals were sitting attentively, side-by-side, on the grass in front of the firewood. You were pretending to be the teacher and the two animals were your students.
“I heard you say, ‘Class, now sit up straight and pay attention, and then I’ll give you a treat.’ 
“Giggling, I hurried inside, grabbed the Polaroid camera, and snapped a picture of you teaching the family pets."

But that was only the beginning of Trinity’s career in education. Two years later, Trin’s mom discovered that instead of going to sleep as instructed, her precocious five year old was teaching night classes. This time, her students included every single doll and stuffed animal in her bedroom. Trinity had placed the “children” in neat rows on the floor beside her bed. Trin sat cross-legged before the class with her little Children’s Bible in her lap. Trin’s mother listened with great interest just out of sight in the hallway as  her budding young instructor addressed her make-believe pupils.
“Now...open your bibles to John 14:6,” instructed the young teacher. 
Then speaking to a small, powder-blue stuffed elephant sitting at the end of the front row, Trinity said, “Mr. Bobbit would you please read this verse out loud for us?”
Then, pretending to be Mr. Bobbit, Trin said in a deep, man-like voice, “Jesus told him, ‘I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. No one can come to the Father except through Me.’”
Grinning from ear to ear, Trinity enthusiastically applauded her cotton-stuffed student and said, “Good job, Mr. Bobbit!”

Needless to say, after Trinity got her degree in education, her parents were thrilled when she accepted a teaching position offered by the Plymouth Joint School District. Plymouth was a small dairy community in eastern Sheboygan County. In such a rural area, classroom sizes tended to be smaller than in the bigger cities like Milwaukee or Green Bay. But size or numbers did not matter to Trinity’s family since not only was their daughter proudly carrying on the Woodard tradition, but she was also settling down close to her family roots.
During her years as an instructor in Plymouth, Trinity had received the Excellence in Education Award, the Wisconsin State Teacher of the Year Award, and numerous other academic honors. Trinity was grateful for the awards and sincerely appreciated the support of fellow teachers. 
But their recognition was not what motivated Trinity because she understood the truth of something far more valuable:  something her mother said many teachers nowadays had forgotten. Her Grandma Rose used to call it the “tender teacher trait,” claiming it was an inherited family characteristic.
Trinity knew truly happy lives were built upon more than facts and figures. She knew the human mind was an amazing gift from God, but without the knowledge of the Maker of Life, life had no real meaning. Miss Trin knew children needed to be taught how precious they were to God. They needed to know He made them for a wonderful purpose. And they needed to know they would never be truly satisfied until they discovered their unique gifts and used them to fulfill God’s good and perfect plan for their lives. It was this “tender-teacher-trait” that made Miss Woodard such an effective educator.

After sifting through an assortment of bills and junk mail retrieved from the mail box, Trinity mindlessly walked upstairs to her bedroom. Preoccupied with the disturbing events of the day, she changed into her pajamas then put on her favorite, fuzzy pink bath robe and slippers. She gradually made her way back down stairs and headed to the kitchen to prepare some hot chocolate. She had no desire to consume anything more substantial. Pouring the steaming cocoa into a heavy ceramic mug one of her students had given her the previous Christmas, Trinity whispered, “I’ve been a teacher for thirteen years. What else can I do?”
With mug in hand, Trinity opened the sliding glass door and slowly walked out onto the upper patio deck. She loved the smell of the cedar wood at night. Gazing intently into the starry heavens above, she listened for the serene sounds of nature in the evening hours. Even as a child when the property belonged to her parents, the large wooden deck had always been a place of peaceful reflection and renewal. Instinctively drawn to her favorite, green-cushioned lounge chair, Trinity unconsciously hoped to recapture some of those serene childhood memories.

Situated in Glory Meadows on the southern outskirts of Plymouth city limits, Trinity’s sixteen acre estate contained a large, spring-fed pond located just west of the house. Home to catfish, walleyes, and small-mouthed bass, water from the lake continually spilled into several smaller tributaries flowing southward. As the earth thawed after the long, winter freeze, rolling, grassy knolls covered with beautiful wild flowers dotted the landscape in all directions. And early every spring, colors of the blossoming fruit and nut groves on the northern half of the property added to the beauty of the place Trin called, “home”.
Trinity had long believed that the presence of every kind of wildlife known to inhabit the state of Wisconsin made the property seem more like a wildlife refuge than her personal residence. Sandhill cranes and trumpeter swans were common visitors to the pond during the summer months. Small black bears could occasionally be seen wandering through the marshy grasslands south of the pond. Scattered throughout the dense woods along the extreme northern edge of the property, families of raccoons, squirrels, and foxes had taken up permanent residency. And in the dead of night, small herds of white-tailed deer grazed on tall grass growing in the meadows just east of the house along the paved driveway leading to the garage.
And then there were the beavers! For as long as Trinity could remember those persistent, nocturnal rodents had been trying to build a dam at the opening of a large storm drainage pipe at the south end of the pond. Every single night, using fallen tree branches, large clumps of grass and assorted other organic materials, the industrious little critters worked tirelessly to construct an earthen home. And early every single morning, come rain or shine, someone from the Henry family came over to clear out the debris. Oliver Henry Senior had long since passed the job on to his eldest grandson. Trinity now paid young Oliver Henry III to ensure the pond water was able to continue its’ southerly journey unhindered. 
If the beaver’s dam had been allowed to remain, water levels in the pond could quickly rise, flooding surrounding estates for miles. Trinity still remembers one spring when that happened. Oliver had been injured playing football and was admitted to the Sheboygan Medical Center for surgery on his right knee. In the family’s concern for the welfare of their son, the Henry’s forgot to find an alternate debris removal service. Two days later the elderly Albert Lawrence, whose estate bordered Trinity’s on the west, made it abundantly clear he did not appreciate waking up to find a lake where his back yard had been the night before.

“Tonight seems darker than usual,” Trinity thought, as she snuggled down into her comfy deck chair and wrapped both hands tightly around her warm mug.
The weatherman had predicted rain and storm clouds were already gathering overhead in the moonless autumn night sky. Occasional gusts of wind were beginning to sway tree branches and stir the brilliantly colored red, yellow and orange fall leaves. Feeling the chill of the brisk night air, Trin unfolded a heavy woolen blanket she had brought out from the house and wrapped it tightly around her shoulders. She had just begun to feel the warmth of her extra covering, when a strong gust of wind blew a section of her hair into her eyes. Quickly gathering up her long, chestnut brown curls, Trin carefully tucked the thick locks safely underneath the blanket, and settled down once again to take in the serenity of the quiet evening.
Enjoying the soothing taste of her hot chocolaty beverage, Trinity heard the hoot of an owl somewhere in the northern woods. She heard the sound of busy little beavers scurrying about their nightly chores under the cloak of darkness. And she heard the faint sounds of smaller critters splashing in the water along the shore.
“How simple life seems when sitting on one’s back porch,” she reflected. “Why do people have to make life so difficult? Maybe I should have listened to my college girlfriends. After winning that silly Sheboygan County Beauty Contest, Liz and Samantha said I should become a fashion model. I could have been rich and famous by now.”
Trinity let out a girlish laugh as she imagined herself wearing fancy designer clothes and expensive jewelry, posing for a handsome photographer on some exotic island in the South Pacific. She saw herself autographing copies of Vogue Magazines with her image on the cover. But it wasn’t long before all such dreams of what might have been dissolved and Trin found herself once again confronted with the harsh realities of the crisis now before her.
Sighing deeply she thought, “But did I listen? No! I was the one who wanted to make a difference in this world. I was the one who walked away from fame and fortune, determined to use my gifts to help children experience God’s best in their lives.”
Taking another sip of cocoa and again gazing up into the stormy night sky, Trinity brought to a conclusion the agonizing thoughts which had been tumbling over and over in her mind since leaving school that day.
“But after all these years, maybe they are right. Maybe people really do believe they are smarter than God and should be allowed to make up their own rules. Maybe parents don’t care anymore whether their children learn right from wrong. Maybe citizens don’t care that America was built upon God’s word and that we became a great nation by obeying the Ten Commandments. Maybe educators today hate God so much they will stop at nothing to erase His name from every blackboard in this country.”
Trim sat quietly staring into the darkness. After a few moments she said, “And when a society becomes so hostile towards God that good teachers are bullied into silence, maybe it is time for me to find another profession.”
There! She had finally declared the bitter truth which had haunted her ever since the meeting with Principal Truman earlier that afternoon. But contemplating such a course of action was more than she could emotionally bear. Putting the mug on the rattan patio table next to her chair, Trinity covered her face with both hands and began to cry. Like water pouring through the hole of a beaver’s dam, tears of self-doubt and discouragement flowed freely down her cheeks. 

Undetected by the distraught human on the porch, and as yet unhindered by the other non-humans concealed nearby, a single, grotesque-looking creature rested comfortably on the deck railing directly opposite Trinity’s lounge chair. Relishing in the torment of his devilish assignment, evil lies and bone-chilling growls swirled through the air above the head of his unsuspecting female prey.

Several minutes passed before Trin realized she needed to find something to dry her wet eyes and blow her drippy nose. 
“What on earth is that awful stench?” she wondered. “It smells like rotten eggs. Some hungry critters must have turned over the garbage cans again. Oh, that’s just great! Another mess to deal with!”
Opening her eyes, she began searching the inside pockets of her robe for a handkerchief. That’s when Trinity Rose Woodard first saw it.
Chapter 2 - Someone’s watching
“So much despair!” observed the compassionate Jasmine.
“I know Dear One. The lies of Discourager cause much pain. And then, when the fragile human heart is at its weakest, Destroyer strikes! Arise my Faithful Servant! The Day of Preparation is at hand. Assemble the Healing Ones and have Captain Aza stand ready. You and your sisters will have much to do in the coming days.
“Eli, My Prince, the time for action draws near. Call forth Major Cyrus, the Slayer of Lies. Strategically place his warriors as decreed. Their participation is vital in this battle for the souls of mankind.”
“As You have commanded, Mighty King” reverently replied Prince Eli and Princess Jasmine in unison.
From the highest heaven, a voice thundered over the face of the whole earth crying, “Man has forgotten that the Creator of all things has the right to judge all things.”
Those with ears to hear proclaimed in one accord, “Worthy is He who sits on the throne for He alone is Just and True!”

As Trin was blowing her nose, out of the corner of her eye she caught glimpse of a faint light moving in the extreme northeastern corner of the estate. Carefully scanning the horizon to determine if she had actually seen something real or if her weary eyes were just playing tricks on her, Trinity became convinced there was indeed some kind of luminous object in the nut grove. The ghostly glow looked purplish in color and appeared to be suspended in mid air. As her focus switched back and forth from the odd light to the surrounding woods, suddenly the object plummeted to the ground. Trinity stopped crying. She was now too frightened for tears.
“What should I do?” she wondered. “I know the Henry’s are on vacation, but maybe I should call Mr. Lawrence. He’s probably still awake and I know he’d come right over.”
But before Trinity could formulate a solid plan of action, she began to hear the faint echo of voices coming from the direction of the light. Straining to see who or what was hiding in the distant shadows, Trin watched with growing alarm as the nut trees nearest the light began to shake violently. Dust began swirling around the base of the trees nearest the glow. Leaves appeared to be flying through the air in every direction. It was as if an invisible battle of some kind were taking place in the treetops.
Suppressing the urge to scream, Trin swallowed hard and whispered, “Ok...now... just calm down and breathe! You’ve got to find out what’s going on out there, especially in light of the disturbing events at school today.”
Trinity placed her mug on the patio table then ran inside the house to get a flashlight from the cabinet underneath the kitchen sink. Quickly stuffing her feet into a pair of rain boots and throwing a long trench coat over her shoulders, Trin walked out the sliding glass door and back onto the patio. Taking a long deep breath, she turned on the flashlight and gingerly descended the deck stairs.
Trin walked past the flower garden and out the north gate then crossed the moss-covered, stone bridge at the northeastern corner of the pond. Continuing along what was now a pebble trail, she passed the old oak tree where her and her brother had carved their initials as children.
“Boy, I sure wish Ben were here now,” she thought. “I forgot how creepy these woods can be at night.”
Seeking some measure of comfort in the midst of the intense darkness, Trin turned around to see if she could still see the house. An icy chill went down her spine as she realized even the external security lights she had switched on before leaving the kitchen were barely visible from where she now stood. Setting the flashlight down between her feet, Trinity quickly put her arms inside the sleeves of her raincoat then securely fastened all the buttons and knotted the belt tightly about her waist. Picking up the flashlight, she flipped on the high-beams and resumed her trek towards the mysterious commotion.
Just then a great horned owl swooped down from the shadowy branches overhead. Trinity screamed! Instinctively, she dropped to her knees and covered her head with her arms to protect herself against the unknown assailant. But it only took a moment for Trin to realize her close encounter had been with a common, non-threatening, winged creature of the night. Getting back on her feet she watched as the nocturnal bird of prey headed for an open meadow on the west side of the estate.
Smiling momentarily she chuckled, “He’s just out looking for a furry, midnight snack.”
It was a good ten minutes before Trin reached the edge of the dark nut grove. Refocusing the high beam on the dim path ahead and strengthening her resolve to press on, the young woman entered the secluded woods. Passing row after silent row of aged nut trees, the only sound she could hear was the increasing beat of her own heart.
About halfway through the woods, she noticed the intense darkness was fading. Long shadows now covered the ground and clung to the back sides of the large wooden trunks. Cautiously walking past several more rows of nut trees, Trinity finally arrived at the source of the mysterious light. She let out a long, deep sigh of relief as she discovered that the ghostly glow was not caused by any wild animal or dangerous, two-legged prowler bent on revenge. The source of the alien light was nothing more than a small, heart-shaped stone.
“What on earth is this?” said a greatly relieved, yet curious young teacher.
It was lying near the edge of a clump of exposed, twisted and tangled tree roots. Focusing her flashlight on the object, she moved in for a closer look. The surface of the stone was remarkably smooth and about the size of a large hen’s egg. A soft glow emanated from the stone. It was the kind of light which provided some relief from the darkness but was not actually bright enough to see anything clearly. It reminded Trinity of the nightlight in her bathroom. In the midnight woods however, the stone’s eerie light was anything but comforting. But what really captured her attention was the way the unusual light emanated from the peculiar object.
Determined to discover its secrets, Trinity reached down to pick up the stone. But to her astonishment, the moment her fingertips touched the rock, a single, brilliant ray of light shot straight up into the night sky above. Startled and temporarily blinded by the intensity of the light, Trinity threw the rock a short distance from where she stood. Landing in a pile of dead leaves, Trin then watched as the stone’s supernatural beam instantly reverted back to its original soft glow.
“This is incredible!” she thought. “I’ve never seen anything like it! Where did it come from? Why haven’t I seen it before? And what kind of energy or force has the power to transform light itself?
Trinity reached down and very cautiously picked up the stone once again. Placing it in the palm of her hand, she realized it was heavier than the first time she tried to pick it up. She was prepared for the brilliant light to appear as before, but curiously it did not. Trin also expected the rock to be hot, or at least warm, but it was neither. 
Realizing such a remarkable discovery required closer examination under better lighting, and the fact that she was getting cold, Trin decided it was time to head back to the house. With stone in hand, she turned towards home. But she had only taken a few steps when she again heard the voices. Only this time they were very distinct and coming from somewhere very close.
Trin was too scared to run and for a moment too frightened to move. Since her discovery of the rock, Trinity had ruled out the presence of angry parents lurking around the yard. But still, she had to find out who or what was obviously still roaming around her nut grove in the dead of night. Tightly clutching the flashlight, Trin bravely turned around to face her midnight intruders. To her astonishment, she discovered there was absolutely nothing to see, but there was plenty to hear. Wide-eyed, Trin stood perfectly still and listened to the conversation of her invisible visitors.
“No, I already told you. We only need one,” said a commanding male voice.
“But I think she would like the pink one better,” softly replied a tender, obviously female voice.
“Jasmine, the purple one is fine,” said the male a bit more sternly than before. “Anyway, you know purple is Papa’s favorite color.”
“Very well.  Not to change the subject brother, but it appears I will need much more practice if I am to gracefully maneuver with these new wings. Just look at me! I’m dripping wet!” continued the anxious female. “Oh, how I wish I had not fallen into that lake. It will be morning before these feathers are completely dry. And what will she think of Papa when she sees us? First impressions are very important to teachers you know.”
“I promise, our Beloved will not mind. But she grows weary and there is still much to do before daybreak. Now, are you ready?” asked the male once again.
Trinity sensed the growing impatience in the male’s voice and knew something was about to happen whether the female was ready or not. Her instincts were correct. A split second later a pure, white light burst through the darkness of the nut grove. Eerie shadows evaporated as the dazzling, holy radiance engulfed the surrounding woods. Trin stared in awe, as if frozen in time, at two incredible creatures now clearly visible and standing where she first saw the glowing stone.
The one on the right was an enormous, silvery white unicorn. From the tip of its horn to the tip of its long, silky tail, the entire animal was glistening white in color. It had four slender yet powerful looking legs with a magnificent silvery mane flowing down the side of a thick, muscular neck. And placed right between two extraordinarily large, midnight blue eyes was a massive single horn. Trinity estimated the ivory horn was three feet long; a measurement she later learned was accurate.
Standing to Trinity’s left was an animal which reminded her of Grandpa Eddie’s miniature Shetland pony, the one she used to ride when she was a child. Although impressive, the appearance of the second creature was far less fearsome than its companion. Apart from its ears, the body of the smaller animal was barely as tall as the other creature’s hind quarters. The pony-like creature had a soft, glossy, grey-brown mane which covered the animal’s entire body. It hung so low, even the creature’s hooves were hidden behind a thick velvety veil of horse hair.  However, what captured Trin’s attention were the pony’s golden, almond-shaped eyes. They were filled with light and had an almost hypnotic effect. As their eyes met for the first time, Trinity felt a strangely warm sensation, as if her entire being had just been wrapped in a soothing blanket of peace.
Remembering the conversation she had just overheard, Trinity chuckled softly when she first noticed the pony’s wings. Unlike the magnificent wings of the silvery male, the wings of the Shetland in no way appeared strong enough for flight. Trin wondered how any creature could become airborne with such a short wing span, especially since its feathers were still in fact, dripping wet. 
Trin the Educator was by nature an inquisitive individual. But it was still several minutes before she found the courage to formulate any kind of words to address her remarkable visitors.
“Who are you? Or should I say, ‘What are you?’” she asked timidly.
“My name is Eli,” announced the massive animal on the right. Then with a hit of sarcasm he added, “And it’s really quite amusing to hear you ask what we are. I would think an elementary teacher with your education would know a unicorn when she saw one.”
But Trinity was not ready for such a lighthearted exchange. And curious or not, she was still prepared to flee should either creature take aggressive action.
“Well, I’m sorry,” she replied. “I thought unicorns were only make-believe creatures in children’s fairy tales. I never imagined they were real and I…I certainly never imagined I would come face-to-face with one in my own back yard!”
 “There you go again, brother. Maybe I should take it from here,” suggested the gentler, female pony.
“Be my guest,” laughed the enormous male, apparently unconcerned with the intimidating effect his presence was having on the human standing before him.
“Dear one, I am Jasmine and the one with the big horn and dry sense of humor is my brother, Eli. I know we don’t look very much alike, but trust me. We are members of the same family,” Jasmine began. The small creature then raised her head towards her male sibling as he lowered his and the two tenderly rubbed noses.
“But where’s your horn?” Trinity asked the pony-like creature.
Giggling, Jasmine replied, “Oh, bless you my child! But only the males of our kind have horns. In the beginning of the beginning, some of my sisters were also given such a distinguishing badge of honor, but that was simple ages ago.”
“What do you mean, ‘in the beginning’?” Trin asked. “Where are you from?”
“Well now,” answered Eli. “As one who claims to possess the knowledge of biblical truth, you should know the answer to that question.”
Unicorn or not, Trin was finding conversation with this creature increasingly annoying. “Do you always answer a question with such ridicule?”
“Please, brother,” lovingly interrupted the soft-spoken creature once again. “Allow me.”
Eli raised his horn to the sky and gently shook his head from side to side. As he did, silvery beams of light flew out from the tips of its mane. Light seemed to dance around his head and looked like shooting stars to Trinity. She later learned this gesture was a unicorn’s unique way of expressing impatience.
Resuming her discourse with the curious human, Jasmine continued. “Beloved, what my brother means to say is that we are servants of the Most High God. Our kind has been in your world since the dawn of creation. We sang when the universe exploded into existence. Together we stood and rejoiced as the foundations of your world were laid in place. And when the crown of His creation was given life in His image, in unison we shouted, ‘Hallelujah! Glory to the Lord Most High and to Him who sits on the throne.’”
Then for a moment, it appeared the non-terrestrial being forgot it was in the company of hearing human ears. Recalling those majestic, ancient moments, the enraptured creature continue its’ testimony. 
 “Darkness fled, light danced, and sound worshipped as creation sang praises to the Maker of all things,” Jasmine proclaimed.
Behaving as if Trinity could not hear, Eli said, “Sister, I know how much you love to declare His story. But Tender One, we have not come this time to discuss the origin of all things. Remember our assignment.”
After listening to the tender way the two beings spoke with one another, Trinity found the courage to again address the fearsome silvery unicorn directly. “What do you mean, ‘assignment’? Why have you come and what are you doing in my walnut grove in the dead of the night?”
“All in good time,” Jasmine interjected. “But first, we have a question for you. Why were you crying earlier this evening?”
Becoming suspicious the unicorns were not telling her the real purpose for their visit, Trinity asked, “How did you know I was crying? Have you been watching me?”
“Well, yes and no,” replied Eli. “But be at peace, Dear One. You have nothing to fear from us. Now please, answer my sister’s question. What has caused one so loved such despair?”
Chapter 3 - Is it right or is it wrong?
“My King, assuredly this is the work of Commander Khan and his minions of darkness who plunge men to the depths of despair,” reported heaven’s faithful servant.
“I know of their progress,” Papa solemnly replied. “Empowered by the Prince of Lies they live to destroy the souls of humanity! Creating fear, they reduce men to cowards and rob our Beloved of the courage needed to stand resolute. The force of his troops will soon be in place. Mighty Warrior, remain alert! Guard your charge. Much depends upon her decision.”
Steadfast beside her brother, the tender-hearted warrior asked, “Oh Papa, how may we assist?”
“Strengthen their resolve. Teach the heart what the head already knows. Your Healers know the way.”

Without knowing exactly why, Trinity found herself quietly walking towards Jasmine. Finding an unusually smooth, large wooden knot on the side of a branch just above the creature’s head, she placed the still-glowing stone carefully on top of the ledge. Trin turned off the flashlight and sat down on one of the lower tree roots next to the animal. Then, mindlessly fixing her gaze on the darkness of the woods, the weary teacher said, 
“Well, as you seem to already know, I am a teacher. Or at least I was a teacher until three o’clock this afternoon.”
“But Miss Trin,” said Eli respectfully, “Where we come from, you are known as the ‘Tender Teacher’. That is heaven’s gift to you for your kind.”
“Correction,” Trinity said softly. “That was my gift.”
“Precious, God’s gifts are forever. He never takes them back,” gently corrected Jasmine.
“I may still be tender, but I’m not so sure about the teacher part. What I do know is that I have failed to teach my students why it is wrong to lie and steal. If I can no longer teach children such simple moral truths, I might as well resign now and save the school board the trouble of firing me on Friday. Besides, I’m not sure anyone even cares any more what God’s moral standards are.”
Fixing a soft, golden eye on Trinity, Jasmine said, “Beloved, you are not a failure. And be assured, God still cares about what is right and what is wrong. Is that not enough?”
Choking back the tears, Trinity replied, “I thought it was. But you don’t know what happened at school today.”
Jasmine slowly moved her body closer towards Trin. Wrapping one of her still damp wings around the grieving human, she said, “Open your heart to heaven dear one, and please, tell us what happened.”
Although Trinity could now smell the dampness of the animal’s feathery wings, she was surprised to discover they did not feel wet at all. Instead, they were remarkably soft and warm. Leaning close to her unusual comforter, Trinity continued her story.
“Well on Monday a new boy, Derrick Simpson, was enrolled in my class. His family just moved up from the state capital. Gary Simpson, Derrick’s father, is an attorney and works for a legal firm in Sheboygan. Edith, his mother, is a reporter with the Plymouth Press. At first, Derrick seemed like a pleasant enough young man and everything was fine until noon that day.
“The kids were already seated in the cafeteria eating their lunch when I walked in. I noticed there was some kind of commotion going on at one of the tables so I went over to see what was happening. Derrick and Jason Baxter, another one of my students, were yelling at each other.”
‘Give back my cookies, you thief!’ Jason yelled at Derrick.”
“Continuing to eat his peanut butter and jelly sandwich as if nothing was wrong, Derrick yelled back, ‘I didn’t take any of your stupid cookies!’”
“Jumping up to his feet and leaning across the table, Jason yelled louder. ‘I said give me back my chocolate chip cookies! You took them and you know you did!’”
“‘Jason, Derrick, what on earth is going on here?’ I said to the boys.”
“‘Miss Trin, when I went to get some milk, Derrick opened my lunch box and stole my cookies. Everyone at the table saw him. And now, he won’t give them back,’ Jason explained angrily.”
“‘Derrick, did you take Jason’s cookies?’ I asked.”
“Rolling his eyes Derrick callously answered, ‘I told him I didn’t take them!’”
“His disrespectful tone of voice did surprise me a bit and I made a mental note to address such disregard for authority later in the day.”
“So then I said, ‘Derrick, please open your lunch box.’”
“When he flipped open the metal lid, there was Jason’s plastic bag of cookies sticking out from under an apple and several uneaten carrot sticks. I told Derrick to return the cookies to Jason then follow me back to class where he could finish his lunch away from the rest of the students. While he was eating at his desk, I sat down next to him to discuss what he had done.”
“‘Why did you take Jason’s cookies?’ I began.”
“‘Because I wanted them,’ answered Derrick matter-of-fact-like.”
“‘But Derrick, it is wrong to take something that does not belong to you. And it is wrong to lie and say you did not take them when you did,’ I tried to explain.”
“Continuing, I said, ‘Derrick, see that plaque on the wall near the door? It contains what is called the ‘Ten Commandments’. You may not know this, but these are rules given directly by God to teach people how to live in harmony with one another. When we live by these commandments, we experience the blessings of God like love, joy, peace, justice, purpose and a sense of belonging to something greater than ourselves. The teachers and students of this school have tried to live by these rules since the first fifth-grader sat in this very classroom more than a hundred years ago. And we still expect our students to do the same today.
‘The eighth commandment says ‘You shall not steal.’ Derrick, by stealing Jason’s cookies you demonstrated that you did not respect his personal property. The ninth commandment says, ‘You shall not lie.’ By lying to Jason, the other students and to me, you demonstrated that you are dishonest and cannot be trusted.’”
“Arrogantly, Derrick then said, ‘But my parents say there is no god. They say their life belongs to them and that no one has the right to tell them what to do. I hear them constantly telling their friends that they will do whatever they want to do, just as long as no one really gets hurt. Well, this morning I asked my mother if I could have cookies in my lunch and she said, ‘No.’ But I really wanted cookies. So when I saw Jason’s, I just took them. That’s all.’”
“‘It does not matter what you wanted or how you felt, Derrick,’ I replied. ‘As I have explained, it was selfish of you to take something that did not belong to you. You were not thinking of what was best for others, but only what you wanted...’”
“But Derrick interrupted again. ‘It was just a couple of stupid cookies. And besides, I didn’t even get to eat them! You made me give them back. So what’s the big deal? It’s not like anyone got hurt or anything.’”
“‘That’s not true,’ I answered. ‘Your selfish behavior injured several people. Not only did you hurt Jason when you stole his cookies, but your actions upset many other students in the cafeteria as well. Instead of being able to peaceful enjoy their lunch, fellow classmates were forced to witness a theft then listen to you and Jason argue about it. And you hurt me by not honestly answering my questions. Whatever you heard your parents say, I am certain they would never approve of lying and stealing. Derrick, I believe you did not mean to hurt others, but your actions did. So now, why don’t we go back into the cafeteria so you can tell Jason and the other students you are sorry for causing them pain and disrespecting the property of others?’”
“But Derrick persisted. ‘Why? I haven’t done anything really wrong!’”
“Normally I would never have allowed a student to continue speaking to me in such a disrespectful, argumentative manner. But I had not yet even met his parents nor been able to personally communicate to them my goals and expectations for their son. So I decided to give Derrick one more opportunity to accept responsibility for his actions and make amends for his wrongdoings.”
“‘Derrick, I have already tried to explain why your actions were wrong. Regardless of whether you agree with me at this time, you will follow me into the cafeteria and apologize to Jason right now.’”
“To my amazement Derrick then stood up and yelled, ‘I don’t have to listen to you. You’re not my boss!’”
“‘Derrick, I do not know what kind of school you were in before you came to Plymouth, but in this school, that is unacceptable behavior,’ I replied calmly. ‘And as long as you are a student in my class, you will never speak that way to me again.’”
“As an initial disciplinary action for his behavior, I made Derrick stay inside during the afternoon recess and write fifteen times on the blackboard, ‘I will speak respectfully to Miss Trinity at all times. No matter what I want or how I feel, it is always wrong to lie and steal.’”
Eli and Jasmine listened intently as Trinity continued her troubling story.
“I fully intended to discuss Derrick’s unacceptable behaviors directly with his parents that evening. But when I called the Simpson home, Derrick answered the phone. He said his parents were both still at work and would not be home until late that night.
“I was, however, able to speak with Mrs. Baxter who said she would discuss the incident with Jason that evening.
“So the next day, I decided to teach Derrick a personal, object lesson about what life would be like if people were allowed to live by the rule, ‘If I want it and it feels good, I can just do it.’
“During the morning break while the kids were on the playground, I went into Derrick’s desk, took out his lunch box and put it in my right-hand desk drawer. When the lunch bell rang at noon and Derrick discovered his lunch box was missing, he was furious. In front of the whole class he yelled, 
‘Hey, Miss Trin, someone stole my lunch! You said it was wrong to steal so I want you to find the thief and make them give it back right now. I’m starving!’”
“Firmly I replied, ‘Derrick, none of your classmates have taken your lunch. Now quietly take your seat and wait until all the students have left. I want to speak with you privately.’”
“I then dismissed the rest of the class to the cafeteria. When the last student had left the room, I opened my drawer, put Derrick’s lunch box on top of my desk, opened the lid, and unwrapped a very large chocolate cupcake. Taking a big bite of the cupcake, I rolled my eyes and said, 
‘Umm! I just love chocolate cupcakes! This is very good, Derrick.’”
“‘Hey that’s mine! My mother bought those cupcakes especially for me. You had no right to take it! Give it back!’ he demanded.”
“‘Oh, but eating cupcakes makes me feel so good,’ I replied. ‘And I especially like fresh, moist, chocolate cupcakes! I’m not a thief and I haven’t done anything really wrong. Remember what you told me yesterday? You said there was nothing wrong with a person taking what they wanted as long as no one got hurt. Well, since I don’t see any broken bones or blood anywhere, I think I will just continue to enjoy what used to be your cupcake,’ I concluded.”
“I sensed Derrick was a bright young man. And although he had a lot to learn about submitting to authority and respecting the rights of others, I was certain he understood the point of my moral lesson. I made him sit quietly and watch while I ate the entire cupcake. Then I gave him back his lunch box and dismissed him to the cafeteria so he could eat the remainder of his food with the other students. He was noticeably quiet the rest of the day. Later that evening, I tried again to reach one of Derrick’s parents, but kept getting a busy signal.
“On Wednesday, Derrick was also very subdued. I did not have a single behavioral problem with him the entire day.
“When school was over, I went to the teacher’s lounge to collect my personal belongings. Principal Truman was waiting and asked me to come into her office. Rebecca and I have been friends for years and I assumed she wanted to discuss the upcoming Fall Festival. When I walked into her office, I was surprised to find School Board Superintendent Cameron Mitchell waiting. Closing the door behind him, Mr. Mitchell turned and said to me, 
‘Miss Woodard, Trinity, please understand I take no pleasure in what I am now duty-bound to say. This afternoon Derrick’s father, Gary Simpson, delivered a letter to the school board demanding your immediate dismissal. He claims you publically embarrassed and humiliated his son before his classmates. He says you damaged Derrick’s self esteem and caused him great emotional distress by calling him a liar and a thief. Furthermore, he says you mocked the way he and his wife were raising their son. And he claims you violated Derrick's Constitutional rights by forcing him to submit to religious teachings which he believes has no place in a public school. He has contacted the State Board of Education demanding they revoke your teaching credential which would prevent you from ever teaching in this state again.
‘Trinity, the Simpsons are demanding the school board conduct a full investigation into the matter at a special, public school board meeting on Friday. Mr. Simpson ends his letter by stating that if the school board does not dismiss you at that time there will be serious legal repercussions.’
“Principal Truman then informed me a substitute teacher would be taking over my class until the matter with the Simpsons had been resolved. She said I had been put on ‘Administrative Leave’ until further notice. She sincerely apologized for having to take such measures. She then told me that school boards across the country were being forced to dismiss dozens of qualified teachers as a result of similar charges. She suggested that I secure immediate legal counsel and prepare for the possibility of an unfavorable ruling on Friday.”
There! Trin had finally recounted the tormenting events of her day, even if only to imaginary beings she still suspected were merely characters in some elaborate dream she was having. 

Jasmine glanced sympathetically at Eli then looked at Trinity, and said, “Beloved, the behavior of one rebellious, selfish child does not make you a failure. And the unbelief of Derrick’s parents does make void the laws of God. His truth stands forever. This you already know.”
Trinity pulled out another tissue from the pocket of her overcoat, and again blew her nose and wiped her damp eyes. Then, as if she had not heard the small unicorn’s would-be words of comfort, Trin lifted her head up towards Eli and quietly asked, 
“How can parents be so blind? Do they really believe this world would be a better place for their children if everyone were free to make up their own rules? If so, they have totally forgotten the lessons of mankind’s history and how wicked and ruthless an unrestrained, human heart can be.”
Trinity did not really expect Eli to answer her questions. It just felt really good to express the deep doubts gnawing at her soul. Trin covered her face with her hands and began to cry once again. She had forgotten all about the still glowing, heart-shaped stone resting within arm’s reach on the knotty ledge just above her head.
Both Eli and Jasmine could sense heaven’s compassion for the grieving soul seated before them. They understood all too well the source of her pain. And they understood Papa’s heart.
Carefully choosing her next words Jasmine resolutely said, “Trinity Woodard, you have always been a tender teacher. You spoke the truth to Derrick because you love him and are concerned for his future. It takes courage to speak God’s truth, especially when others have hardened their hearts and closed their minds.”
“Whether the Simpson’s believe it or not,” Trin replied, “I do care deeply about what happens to their son. That young man will never be truly happy until he learns to obey God and respect others. If the school board doesn’t...”

“Look out!” shouted Eli.
With lightning speed, Jasmine instinctively dropped to the ground on her two front knees and extended both wings forward covering her human charge with a divine shield of light. As she did, an enormous dark figure appeared out of nowhere. Swooping down from the sky directly overhead, the sinister creature flew within inches of Jasmine’s right ear. Then like a bullet from a gun, it shot straight up into the air and disappeared in the storm clouds forming above the nut grove.
As the would-be assailant passed, Jasmine heard a foul, guttural voice shouting, “All hail the Prince of Lies!”
“Brother!” exclaimed Jasmine as she strengthened her protective position.
“I know, dear sister,” Eli responded gravely, relieved no one was injured. “And rest assured he was not alone. Papa was right. Commander Khan is already dispatching his lying spirits over the city and the heartless Lieutenant Warwick now leads the charge.”

“You missed her!” Khan screamed vehemently. “You know our orders! It will be you, not I, who stands before Zanti to explain why she still lives!”
“Relax! A demon has to have a little fun. And besides, the more fear, the sweeter the kill, right?” scoffed the wicked Lieutenant. “Be not concerned, my commander. Her last breath draws near. And how exhilarating will be the moment when heaven’s servants - both human and those which are not - are no more! All hail the Prince of Lies!”
“All hail the Prince of Lies!” echoed the assembled soldiers of hell.
Chapter 4 -Stormy Skies over Sheboygan County
“Hoards of Deceivers, Liars, and Destroyers are amassing north and east of the city,” declared Papa. “We know what they want. Jasmine My Faithful Healer, defend Beloved and lead your sisters accordingly. Aza’s troops have already been sent and await your command. Eli, you know what must be done. Direct your brothers as you have been commanded. At this time, Major Cyrus and his squadrons are moving to secure their positions and will soon be in place. Truthful Ones will be ready when the decree is issued.”
“Sir, given the scope and intensity of hell’s assault should not Colonel Ryak be alerted as well?” reverently asked Eli and Jasmine in one accord.
“Truth and Justice are the strength of his weapons! His Radiant Ones are aware of the dark spiritual forces empowering those in high places. They have engaged such wickedness from the beginning and understand the nature of our enemy. Ryak saw the need and has already recalled a Strike Team from the state capital. When the time is right, he and his holy ones will be ready.”

“Beloved, are you alright?” asked Jasmine softly. 
“Well the hair on the back of my neck just stood on end and I’m covered from head to toe with goose bumps! Otherwise I’m fine. What on earth just happened?” asked a concerned Trinity, still wondering what other hidden threats may be lurking in her woods.
“Nothing of this world! But fear not, Dear One,” answered the gentle guardian.
Then, in an effort to divert Trin’s attention away from her near miss, Eli quickly changed the subject. 
“You must be tired. It has been a long day and the rain begins. Come, climb on my back and let me carry you home. And I am told, if you sit in the very center of my back, in the spot where my wings meet, the ride will be pleasant indeed.”
Eli winked at Jasmine. He was hoping such an experience would at least temporarily take Trinity’s mind off the troubling events of the day. It worked. Trinity’s face brightened as she considered the white unicorn’s exciting offer.
“Really? I would love to ride on your back! Are you sure it’s…well…ok?”
“Be at peace, Dear One, and come,” patiently responded the white unicorn.
As both unicorns remained silently in place, Trinity stood to her feet and adjusted her coat. “Wow!” she said, “I can’t wait to tell my students about this!”
Gingerly climbing to the top of one of the taller tree roots, Trinity firmly took hold of Eli’s left wing and carefully slid down onto his back. As she wiggled around trying to find the center point as Eli had instructed, Trin remembered the object which had initially drawn her to the nut grove.
“Wait!” she cried. “The stone!”
“Have no fear, Trinity Rose Woodard,” replied Jasmine. “I will guard Papa’s gift.”
As the threesome began their trek back to the house, Trinity could not help but notice the droplets of water still falling from the ends of Jasmine’s feather-like wings. Finally, she could no longer contain her curiosity and had to speak.
“If you don’t mind my asking, how did you get so wet?” Trinity queried the small unicorn. “Was that you I heard playing around in my pond earlier this evening?”
“Well…not exactly,” answered Jasmine. With a pony’s giggle the unicorn added, “Let’s just say I was dipped in a fountain of living water.”
Knowing the others thoughts, Eli winked again at Jasmine. It was one of the many ways they said “I love you” when on assignment.
Neither Eli nor his sister spoke any further to Trinity about the unexpected intruder. However given her inquisitive nature, there were a thousand questions Trin was dying to ask. But during the short time she had spent with the two unicorns, Trin decided it may not be wise to press such fantastic beings for information they were not immediately willing to disclose. She concluded her questions would have to wait.

When the group reached the back porch of Trinity’s house, Captain Aza was waiting.
“Sir, a contingent of Healers has secured the perimeter. Warwick was discovered hiding in the woods north of the grove but has since been routed east, away from the property. He fled without a fight, no doubt rejoining his kindred rebels. There remains little doubt that preparations for a major assault in Plymouth are indeed under way.”
“Excellent work, Captain!” replied Eli. “Let them come. Heaven is ready!”

As Eli carefully positioned his body close to the side of the redwood deck, Trin slid off his back and onto the patio. Being unaware of the host of angelic warriors now moving freely about her estate, she looked directly at Eli and teasingly said, “I’d offer you both a midnight snack, but am not sure what you like. I don’t keep any horses on the property so I don’t have any hay or oats. But I might have some carrots and a couple of apples in the fridge. Would that work?”
 “You are most kind, but that will not be necessary,” Eli replied with a chuckle. “Please Dear One, get some rest. And remember, whether your eyes see or your ears hear, heaven remains at your side.”
All of the sudden, Trinity could barely keep her eyes open. She yawned and for the first time realized how very tired she was. Wearily, she thanked her new friends for their comfort and support, lovingly rubbed the foreheads of each creature, and said good night. Locking the patio door, she turned out the lights downstairs and went straight up to bed. She was already half asleep by the time her head hit the pillow. She dreamt of brilliant, unicorn-like beings flying over Plymouth and of Cameron Mitchell.
That evening a hungry owl enjoyed a scrumptious rabbit dinner, a herd of deer munched contently on a midnight snack of sweet grass, and beavers happily scurried about their nightly rituals. The rest of the Woodward estate remained quiet until morning. 

Vigilant, Jasmine stood watch at Trin’s bed side while Eli patrolled the grounds circling directly over the Woodard residence. Healing Ones extended the perimeter to include all of Glory Meadows, the Lawrence estate, and the marshlands. Captain Aza and the bulk of her troops remained in a state of readiness at various assigned locations throughout the state of Wisconsin.

Undetected by earth-bound eyes, scores of wicked unicorns and two-legged, human-like winged creatures stealthily entered the skies over Sheboygan County. Beginning at the intersection of Constitution Avenue and George Washington Square in downtown Plymouth, they flew north over City Hall and Plymouth Press. Turning east they flew over the baseball field at Lincoln Park, over Random River Golf Course next to Discovery Inn and over the buildings of Charter Airways on the outskirts of town.
Widening their sphere of influence, dark non-terrestrial soldiers continued eastward to the city of Sheboygan. They flew over the County Board of Education offices and the Sun Review newspaper. They flew over the Sheboygan County Airport and the building where Gary Simpson worked.
Before dawn, Deceptive Ones had secured designated targets as far south as Madison and as far west as downtown Minneapolis. Several contingents had also been deployed further north. At each location lying spirits fell by the thousands, gleefully capturing prideful hearts and blinding unsuspecting minds to the spiritual siege taking place in their own communities.
The Prince of Lies himself watched the deployment of hell’s army from his stronghold. 
“We will not lose this battle! Do I make myself clear!” Zanti roared in a voice which made even the bravest of demons tremble. Commander Khan, Lieutenant Warwick and the deployed armies of darkness understood all too well such a declaration from their superior officer. They had served under the command of this major long enough to know the cost of failure.
“Oh Exalted One”, replied a confident commander. “Deceivers have worked tirelessly, turning multitudes away from the heavenly path they once held dear. Seductive Whisperers have them convinced that human reason is superior to God’s wisdom. Sir, they no longer value supernatural revelation. Today, humanity gladly rejects His law, His word and the sacrifice of His Son. In a generation no one will even remember His name. All glory and praise to the immortal Prince of Lies!”

While the Woodard estate rested peacefully Wednesday night, the Simpson home was anything but peaceful. It was after 8:00pm when Edith walked through the front door of her home. She had been in a foul mood since her meeting with Victor Underwood, Editor of the Plymouth Press, earlier that afternoon. 
“That man thinks he knows everything!” she fumed. “Boss or no boss, does he think I was born yesterday? Doesn’t he realize I have been a reporter for more than 15 years? I know how to write a story for goodness sake!”
Throwing her purse and coat on the couch, she marched straight into the kitchen not realizing her son was in the living room. Opening the top door of the refrigerator, she grabbed a large, frozen pepperoni pizza then slammed shut the freezer door. Ripping off the plastic, she plopped the icy round dough into the microwave and pushed the “Frozen Pizza” button.
“Derrick, I’m home,” she yelled. Turning around she added, “And get in here right now! The cat’s litter box stinks to high heaven and the garbage is spilling out all over the kitchen floor. Can’t you do anything I tell you to do?”
While Derrick was taking out the garbage, Edith answered a phone call from Victor Underwood. She listened quietly for a moment then exploded in a fit of rage. 
“I don’t care who called you, Victor, or what they said. I told you earlier, I’m ready! I’ve been ready for months. Now it’s late and it’s been a hectic day for both of us. So how about we just give this one a rest already. Ok?”
Derrick quietly cleaned out the cat box then went back into the living room to continue his video game. About thirty minutes later, Edith and Derrick sat down at the kitchen table to their microwave pizza dinner.
“Sorry Derrick, but I’m just too tired tonight to make a salad,” Edith told her son. 
The two ate their meal in silence. After several minutes, as Edith was finishing her third piece of pizza, she said, 
“How was school today? Did that awful Miss Trin insult you again? She better not have. She is in enough trouble as it is. When we get through with that woman...”
But Derrick interrupted asking, “Mom, what do you mean? What’s going to happen to her?”
“Never you mind, Derrick,” replied Edith secretively. “Your father and I are handling the problem. Now if you are finished with your homework, you need to get into bed.”
“But Mom, Revenge of the Jedi is on television and Dad said I could watch it if I wanted.”
“I don’t care what your father told you,” Edith snapped back.
Continuing his rebellious plea Derrick argued back, “I don’t feel like going to bed. I’m not tired. I want to watch the movie!”
“I didn’t ask what you wanted?” coldly answered his mother. “I said, ‘Go to bed’ and that’s final.”
Derrick abruptly pushed his chair away from the table, stomped up the stairs into his room and slammed the door behind him. Edith hastily cleared off the table and put the leftover pizza in the fridge. She then quickly scribbled a note to her husband and taped it on the message board by the garage door. The message stated:
“I got tired of waiting for you to come home. Derrick and I have eaten and gone to bed. There are a couple pieces of pizza in the fridge if you are hungry. Be quiet when you come up the stairs. I have a busy day tomorrow.”

Gary Simpson pulled into his garage around 1:30am. He was exhausted! He quietly got out of the car, pushed the button to close the garage door then activated the home security alarm. As he walked through the garage door into the kitchen, the first thing he saw was his wife’s note on the message board.
“Just like Edith!” he quietly complained. “Always there when I need her!”
Gary had grabbed a quick bite to eat with a client earlier in the evening, so he was not interested in left over pizza. He deposited his briefcase and coat on the desk in his office then walked upstairs to the bedroom. Edith was sound asleep. Gary changed into his pajamas and was brushing his teeth when his cell phone rang. He answered the call as quickly as he could, but not quick enough to satisfy his slumbering wife.
Half awake and clearly agitated Edith grumbled, “For cry ‘in out loud! Can’t you take that call in your office downstairs? Do you have to keep the whole house awake at this ungodly hour?”
Ignoring his wife’s complaints and answering the late night call, Gary said, “Simpson! Yeah. Uh-huh. You got a call from who? But why?”
“Gary!” Edith yelled. “Take it downstairs!”
Gary walked out of the bedroom and slammed the door behind him. Awaken by all the commotion, Derrick opened his bedroom door and walked down the stairs hoping to see his dad face-to-face, if only for a moment. But when Derrick heard his dad say something about, “Miss Woodard” to the person on the other end of the phone call, Derrick decided to sit quietly on the staircase and listen in on his dad’s conversation.
“What do those guys expect us to do?” continued Gary, unaware his son was listening.
“We have all we need to convince the board it is in their best interest to terminate Miss Woodard. What else do they want?”
Getting out of bed and finding Derrick at the bottom of the staircase, an exasperated Edith hollered down to Gary, “Now see what you have done? Your own son can’t even get a decent night’s sleep in his own house! Derrick, go back to bed!”
Pretending not to hear his wife’s contentious comments, Gary continued his cell phone conversation.
“Are you serious? What guarantees do you have that they will succeed? Really! Your people sure know how to get the job done. Promotion? Doing what? In the Governor’s office?  Sounds sweet… count me in! I’ll call you tomorrow evening once the ball is rolling to discuss our legal strategy for the Woodward hearing and beyond. Good night.” 
Gary plugged his cell phone into the wall charger in his office and walked back up stairs. Derrick was already in bed when his father returned to his room and shut the door behind him. Derrick hated it when his parents argued, but their nighttime quarrels were the worst. Even behind closed doors, Derrick could still hear every word.
“Edith, for your information, that was the head office in Madison. If we succeed in getting the Woodard teacher fired, they have offered me a very attractive position which would allow me to impact similar school board decisions across the nation. Think of what I could do with that kind of power, Edith!” 
“Well bully for you!” Edith retorted sarcastically. “What about my career? Underwood called earlier. Seems the owners of Plymouth Press and several other news-reporting agencies are also very interested in Friday’s meeting. He said a lot was riding on the outcome of this particular hearing. Powerful people in high places are hoping to use this hearing to create a national movement to once and for all remove Christian teachers from all public schools. If my local articles can influence people to support these goals, he said I could count on a job at a syndicated newspaper with national readership reporting on educational issues in America. I don’t have to tell you how much money we’re talking about here. We’d probably have to move to Minneapolis by the first of the year.”
“Well that’ll never happen! Promotion or no promotion, and that’s final!” Gary said sharply. “I’m tired. Good night!”
Edith had never allowed her husband to have the final word in any argument since their marriage, and was not about to start now. She yanked the blankets out of his hands and threw them over her shoulders.  Quickly turning on her side away from Gary she mumbled, 
“Christians! What idiots! Anyone who believes in some kind of invisible, all-powerful being, who claims to have the right to tell me how to live my life, has no business teaching the children of this country. The sooner these religious fanatics are banned from public education, the better! And I will work to make that happen whether you like it or not Gary Simpson! Good night yourself!”
Derrick lay awake long after the house was finally quiet thinking,
“What are they going to do to Miss Trin? Is my dad going to get her fired like he got Mrs. Olster fired? I like Miss Trin, even better than Mrs. Olster. I didn’t at first, but at least she talks to me. That’s more than my parents do. All this stuff about doing whatever I want and making up my own rules...They say they want me to be happy, but really...they don’t care what I do as long as I just stay out of their way.”

As dark thunder clouds filled the skies above Sheboygan County, sinister warriors multiplied along the streets, in the homes, and in front of more and more schools in eastern Wisconsin. With a steady stream of reinforcements now on the move, Warwick’s troops easily gained full possession of the Simpson home. While the family slept, demons danced wildly in the bedrooms, on the bookcases in Gary’s office, on top of the TV in the living room, and outside along the front of the home located at 666 Mockingbird Lane.
At Plymouth Press, Lying Spirits became more brazen with every passing hour. Dark shadowy figures crawled up and down the outside of the three-story office building like creeping black ants. As ravenous wolves they howled from the press rooms to the conference rooms to the cafeteria. They huddled in the parking lot, glaring, hissing and scratching at each another like wild animals, waiting their chance to enslave human souls with enticing lies and cunning deception.
As their numbers increased, so did the arrogance of Commander Khan and the cloven-footed warriors under his command. Especially brazen was one lieutenant in particular. Consumed with a supernatural evil from ages past, Warwick and his Destructive Ones danced like lunatics up and down Constitution Ave. They celebrated riotously along the runways of Charter Airways and on the green of Random River Golf Course. Presuming victory, they screeched and screamed in devilish delight all the way from the gym at Plymouth Elementary School, to Simpson’s office in Sheboygan, to newspaper offices in Madison.

Under heavenly shields, Captain Aza and her warriors strengthened their positions in and around Plymouth Press. In teams of two, Healing Warriors covertly stationed themselves in corners of the basement, on attic rafters, around the back side of the building behind the dumpster and in an abandoned warehouse on the other side of Constitution Avenue. In addition, four angelic guards positioned themselves underneath the editor’s car, which had been left unattended in the parking lot overnight.

Victor Underwood had been a successful newspaper man for twenty-one years. As an atheist, he had never believed in the existence of god or any other benevolent ‘higher power.’ For him, self-reliance and the determination to win at all cost was the ticket to real power and wealth. And even though his self-centered, heartless beliefs had been the primary cause for his divorce, such a world view had served him well in business. But tonight, Victor was beginning to question his ethical foundations. Sitting alone in the darkness of his living room, he answered yet another phone call in what had been a long string of deeply disturbing conversations that evening. He lite his last cigarette then threw the crumpled, empty cellophane package across the room and continued the call. 
“But I’ve known Miss Woodard and her family for years. I still play golf with her grandfather, for goodness sakes. I didn’t think it would go this far! What you’re asking me to do is wrong! I won’t do it, I tell you. I won’t!”
“As I previously explained, Mr. Underwood, too many resources have already been invested in this endeavor,” the male caller on the other end of the line calmly stated. “There is too much at stake to back out now. You knew what you were doing and where the money was coming from all those years. We really don’t care what your personal feelings are for this family. You understand what must be done and you understand the consequences of failure, don’t you Victor?”

“I told you not to worry!” bragged the arrogant Lieutenant as he stood beside his commanding officer. “He’s been playing hard ball on the devil’s team his whole life. Underwood’s done everything in his power to destroy heaven’s truth. It’s time now for a home run. By this time Friday, our threat will have been eliminated. Then I will deliver the news to our mighty Prince that heaven’s ‘Beloved’ is no more!”
Chapter 5 -Preparing for battle
“Elite Ones are in position around the newspaper office,” reported Eli. “The commander is unaware of their presence.”
“Well done! Instruct them to remain concealed and take no offensive action until Beloved calls. Have Cyrus stand ready to redeem what our enemies have claimed. Like so many others, they have forgotten the gift.”
“As you have commanded, it will be done,” declared the host of holy servants.

When Derrick came down for breakfast the following morning, he discovered the house was empty. Both parents had already left for work. There was a note on the message board stating,
“Derrick, your father and I will not be home until late tonight. There is still some leftover pizza in the fridge for dinner. You know how to make a salad if you are still hungry. When you are done with your homework, you can watch TV until 9:00 pm. Then turn out the lights and go to bed. And don’t forget to activate the security alarm. Your father and I will be in meetings all day so don’t call unless it’s an emergency. Don’t go anywhere and don’t answer the door. See you in the morning.”
Derrick finished his bowl of Coco Puffs. He then spread some peanut butter onto two slices of bread for lunch. Putting the sandwich in his lunch box, along with an apple and a bag of potato chips, he locked the front door and walked three blocks down to Resolution Road to catch the bus.
By the time the school bus arrived at Plymouth Elementary, dark thunder clouds filled the skies. The weather man had predicted severe thunder showers throughout the day, with periods of heavy rain and the possibility of flooding in low lying areas of the county. Severe weather was common in Wisconsin, so Derrick paid little attention to the brewing storm as he walked down the hallway to his classroom.
But not so common were the birds. For some unexplained reason, hundreds of unusually large crows had begun circling the school property. Dozens of black-winged creatures landed on the gym roof. Scores perched on top of the chain link fence surrounding the playground while others rested on telephone lines running up and down the street in front of the main entrance. After first recess, Derrick’s substitute teacher had to repeatedly instruct her fifth graders to ignore the crows and concentrate on their American History lesson.

But the children of Plymouth Elementary were not the only ones troubled by the presence of the birds. The whole town was experiencing the same unusual phenomenon. Like churning waves crashing upon a beach before a storm, flock after black flock had been arriving from the east since daybreak. Their unrelenting caw had the entire town on edge. At one point, downtown traffic had to be re-routed to avoid collisions with a particularly large gathering of birds which had come to roost near Plymouth Press. No one could explain the bizarre behavior of the birds. Even those who had lived in Plymouth their entire lives could not offer a satisfactory explanation for where the crows came from or why they stayed. Eli and Jasmine knew. So did Khan.

It was late in the morning when Trinity finally came down for breakfast. She could not remember a time when she had slept in so late. But under the circumstances, Trin decided she had more important things to worry about than such an occasional lapse of discipline. And besides, it was not like she had anywhere to go. Pulling open the living room drapes, she could see the autumn thunder storm gathering strength just as weather forecasters had predicted.
When Trinity walked into the kitchen she was surprised to find the heart-shaped stone sitting on the counter next to the coffee pot. It was still emitting that same, soft, purplish glow.
“What on earth?” she exclaimed. “How did that rock get on the counter? Jasmine must have put it there last night. That must have been what she meant when she said she would, ‘take care of the gift’. What an odd way to refer to a rock. I wonder what it all means. And I wonder if I will ever see those remarkable creatures again.”
Picking up the stone, Trinity hoped to see the amazing transformation she had witnessed the night before. But nothing happened. It seemed that whether in her hand or sitting on the counter, the stone emitted the same constant, soft light. Trinity then wondered if the stone was transparent. Taking the opportunity to examine it more closely, she held the stone up towards the overhead florescent lights in the kitchen. 
Suddenly she remembered the rotten smell of garbage from the night before. Trin knew if an animal had gotten into the garbage cans, the scattered debris needed to be cleaned up right away to avoid attracting other hungry critters looking for an easy meal.
Throwing on her rain coat, grabbing her work gloves and pulling on her boots, Trinity walked out into the garage and opened the outer double doors. Walking around to the north side of the house, she discovered the garbage cans were undisturbed. All lids were secure and she could not detect any bad odors coming from the cans.
“Now who in the world cleaned up the mess?” she wondered out loud. “Did those unicorns somehow take care of this? Boy, they are full of surprises. Well, I don’t care how they did it. I’m just glad there is no mess to clean up out here. I have enough of a mess to sort through today if I’m going to save my career.”
Trinity was buttering her toast when the phone rang. It was her mother. “Good morning, Precious. Have you had a chance to see the morning paper yet?” asked Mrs. Woodard.
“No mom. I’m just now sitting down to breakfast. I slept in rather later this morning,” confessed Trin.
“Well if you are not sitting down, you’d better. Plastered all over the front page is an article about you. Headlines read:  ‘Plymouth elementary teacher abuses student.’ The article goes on to say, ‘Outraged parents demand the immediate termination of Miss Trinity Woodard at an emergency meeting of the school board on Friday.’”
“Abuses her students!” shouted Trinity in disbelief. “How could the Press print such a lie?”
“I know honey, but there’s more,” continued the concerned mother. “Edith Simpson wrote the article. It says she has been assigned to cover the story.”
“But Victor Underwood’s been a friend of this family for years. He and Grandpa Eddie still play golf together. He and I sort of went our separate ways after he became Editor-in-Chief of the Press and I began teaching. I didn’t like the kind of people hanging around him all the time. But that’s no reason to allow one of his reporters to publish such a dishonest and slanderous article about me. Surely he knows the story Edith is covering involves her own son. Newspapers have an obligation to the public to honestly report the facts, not twist the truth to fit some kind of personal agenda. What in the world is Victor up to, Mom?”
“Honey, your father and I are not sure, but we feel the same way. And so do many other people in this town. And we think you should speak to a lawyer before the hearing tomorrow. Your father took the liberty of making an appointment with Kurt Yandel this afternoon at 3:00. I hope you are not upset with us. We just can’t shake the feeling that something else is going on behind the scenes and that you should have legal representation at the hearing. Will you meet with Yandel this afternoon?”
“It’s ok Mom, really. I can’t explain why, and you wouldn’t believe me even if I tried, but I agree with you and dad. This is not just about the job of one elementary school teacher. I am convinced there’s more at stake…much more. I’ll be there at 3:00.” 

The rest of the morning was very busy for Trinity. She answered call after call from former students, concerned parents and friends, all pledging their prayers and support no matter what happened on Friday. A fellow teacher even phoned to let Trin know he had called the Plymouth Press and asked to speak to the Editor. He intended to demand that Mrs. Simpson be removed from the story due to a conflict of interest. But the receptionist at the paper told him the Editor was not available for comment on the matter. When he asked to speak to Edith Simpson directly, Trin’s co-worker was told Edith was not taking calls either.
Around 11:30 am, Pastor Jamison of Calvary Church of Plymouth showed up at Trin’s front door. “As soon as I read the morning paper, I had to drive out and see how you were holding up,” he said. “Got a minute?”
“Pastor Jamison, it is so good to see you. Please, come in,” replied the tender teacher.
“I haven’t driven out your way since the 4th of July picnic,” Jamison said. “Glory Meadows is certainly beautiful in the autumn.”
After pouring the pastor a cup of coffee, the two sat down at the kitchen table.
“Honestly Pastor,” began Trin, “I did not see this coming. Their slanderous remarks have knocked the wind out of my sails, if you know what I mean. One minute I feel like a failure as a teacher and think I should just quit now and walk away. The next minute I am angry that one family could move into town and overnight destroy a lifetime of work. But then I remember that this whole challenge is not about me. It’s about truth…God’s truth. I know someone else, or something else, is after something more than my job. I just sense this in my spirit. What do you think, Pastor?”
“Trinity, as Christians, we know the Bible teaches there are wicked, supernatural beings at work in this world trying to destroy anything related to God’s truth and the knowledge of His sacrificial love for mankind. I believe this is a spiritual attack not only on you individually as a Christian educator but on the very future of Christianity in America. And believers from Portland to Pittsburgh are very concerned by the turn of events here in Plymouth. Many are sensing that a major spiritual battle is being waged against the church-at-large, and that now is the time to stand and publically defend God’s truth like never before or risk losing the right to ever do so again.”
“Well Pastor, I would have to say I absolutely agree,” Trinity replied thoughtfully after a moment of silence. “And if what you say is true, it is frightening to think of what’s at stake during Friday’s meeting. But I’m just one teacher in a small, insignificant town in Wisconsin. And I have to confess, I’m afraid I’m not strong enough to stand against such a powerful enemy.”
Trying to offer a measure of comfort to his congregant, Jamison gently replied, “I understand this may seem like an overwhelming battle. But remember Trinity. Our job is to obey God’s word and trust in His everlasting love. It is His responsibility to fight the battles in heavenly places as we intercede for one another. So...to that end...I am pleased to tell you that several churches have agreed to pray for you and the meeting on Friday. In fact, many Christians have informed me of their commitment to pray and fast around the clock until we see God’s deliverance from this spiritual attack.”
Humbled, Trinity said, “Wow! I don’t know what to say except ‘Thank you.’”
“That’s what the body of Christ is all about my dear friend… which brings me to the second reason for driving out here. Your father told me about the meeting with Kurt Yandel this afternoon. If you’d like, I would be happy to attend. I may be able to add some biblical counsel to his legal expertise as you prepare for Friday’s meeting.”
“I would be honored by your presence and welcome your input,” said Trinity as she reached over and touched her pastor’s hand.
Trin was quiet for a moment. Then looking towards the glowing purple stone on the window sill above the kitchen sink, she said, “Pastor, do you believe in angels? I mean, I know the Bible teaches that angels are actively involved in our everyday lives and have been since the beginning of time. And I am familiar with the scriptures describing how angels sometime appear to people, speak with them and even protect them from harm. But do you think angels always appear in human form or is it possible for them to appear in the form of other kinds of... ah...‘creatures’?”
Chuckling, Pastor Jamison replied, “That’s an odd question. I don’t think anyone has ever asked me that one before. I suppose I would say that angels could take whatever shape God wanted in order to fulfill His purpose. After all, He is God and can do whatever He wants, right? Why do you ask?”
Trinity was not ready to reveal the details of her divine revelation to anyone, not even her beloved pastor. Avoiding a direct answer to his question she simply replied, “No reason in particular. Just curious.”
“Ok...The meeting is at 3:00. How ‘bout I meet you outside Yandel’s office at 2:45?” concluded Pastor Jamison.
“Perfect! See you then.” Trin showed Jamison to the door then went upstairs to get ready. But like a voice recording being rewound and replayed over and over again, she kept thinking about what the pastor said about the scope of the spiritual battle and the need for prayer. So before jumping into the shower, Trinity knelt down beside her bed and prayed.
“Dear Jesus, I know you don’t need mankind to defend your name. Even if every person were silenced, creation itself would still declare your glory. But you do call your people to be witnesses of your truth in this world. I don’t know why you have chosen me to be such a witness at this time. I am just one woman. And to be totally honest with you, I’m a little afraid of what might happen on Friday. I know you are stronger than any of my fears and that you promise to give me the strength to face whatever you allow in my life.
“So I ask you to give me courage, faith, wisdom, and your love as I face the Simpsons. Please change their hearts and minds about what is right and what is wrong, and why. Open their spiritual eyes to understand that you are not trying to strip them of personal freedoms, but that you only want to protect them from harm and give them abundant life now and forever.
“Also, please take care of Derrick during this ordeal. He is such a precious young man and I sense he does not really agree with what his parents are doing. Help him as well to understand why your commandments are important and how much you love him.
“Encourage and protect my current students. Help them not to be afraid of anyone or anything. Help them understand that no matter what happens to me on Friday, they need to be courageous in sharing their faith with their friends. 
“Give Yandel and Jamison your wisdom as they prepare for the hearing.
“And God, I know this must be hard for Cameron Mitchell. Please protect him and encourage him as well. Give him and the rest of the school board great wisdom as they listen to the evidence presented and then render their decision on Friday.  In Jesus name amen.”

Still at their assigned posts, Eli and Jasmine smiled knowingly at one another. They understood the immense joy each felt as Trinity prayed. And they also knew that the sincere intercession of the saints was their call to arms. 

Trinity put the phone on voice mail and left the house at 2:15 pm for her appointment with Yandel. Normally, it would have been a short ten mile drive to the attorney’s office in Sheboygan. But due to the rainy weather, she thought it best to give herself some extra time on the road.
Heading east on State Route 23, Trinity had just driven under the overpass connecting to State Route 57 when the skies became as black as night. A particularly strong cell of thunder clouds suddenly moved into an area just east of Plymouth. In the blink of an eye, torrential rains began pouring from the skies making driving impossible. Trinity had no choice but to pull over to the side of the road and wait for the downpour to stop. After about ten minutes the skies cleared slightly and she was once again on her way to Sheboygan.
Traffic moved slowly as vehicles traveling in both directions tried to safely maneuver around broken tree limbs and miscellaneous debris scattered across the roadway in the wake of the storm. Trinity was greatly relieved when she finally pulled into the underground parking structure beneath Yandel’s office. Taking the elevator to the third floor, it was exactly 3:00 pm when she walked through the double glass doors and into the lobby of Yandel and Meeker, Attorneys at Law. To her relief, both Pastor Jamison and her parents were already present, having driven into the city earlier in the day. Upon Trinity’s arrival, the group was immediately escorted into a conference room and minutes later, Kurt Yandel entered. After brief introductions and everyone had been served a steaming cup of freshly brewed coffee, Yandel began.
“Miss Woodard, I’ve read both the testimony you emailed me this morning and the Simpson’s letter. I also spoke with Principal Truman and Superintendent Mitchell this morning. Oh, and I’ve seen the Plymouth Press article. As outrageous as their comments might be, I have to start by telling you this could get ugly. The Simpsons have made some very serious accusations regarding constitutional issues in public classrooms. Their charges reveal the contentious, explosive nature of these issues in communities across the country.
“As for your case, there is no question in my mind that the newspaper is scandalously at fault for allowing Edith Simpson to remain the primary reporter for this story. Curiously the Editor refuses to assign someone more impartial, leaving us with a substantial obstacle in the realm of public opinion.
“Mrs. Simpson is already using the power of the press to portray you as insensitive to the feelings of children and unable to control in your students. Her article implies you are abusing your students by insisting your views of biblical morality are the only correct views of right and wrong. She goes so far as to suggest that you, not Derrick Simpson, are the liar and the thief. I’m not sure how much worse this could get, but I would not be surprised to see even more damaging articles coming from the Simpson desk before this is over. Presenting the public with such a lopsided story, the Simpsons are attempting to capture the sympathy of the American people and we haven’t even had our ‘day in court’ yet. 
“I am sure you can appreciate, Miss Woodard, the difficult position both the principal and the school board are in due to these serious allegations. While they may believe you are innocent of all such charges, they have to be careful not to allow their personal feelings for you cloud their professional judgment. No matter what the outcome, the public must be convinced that a thorough, impartial investigation has been conducted.
“And as far as your personal rights, in this political climate court decisions vary wildly on the issue of anything remotely connected to freedom of religion. Even though our entire western civilization was built upon standards of biblical morality, many powerful people are still hell-bent on removing Judeo-Christian ethics from the public sector – especially public education.
“So, Miss Woodard, having said all that my recommendations are as follows. We all know the commendable work you have done for the past thirteen years as a teacher. There are many outstanding, successful leaders in this community, and indeed across the state, as a direct result of your educational commitments. Why, my own sons are among those currently benefiting from your methods.
“So in your defense I’d like to concentrate on your past accomplishments. You know...remind the public of all the good things you have done for children over the years. Give them examples like Susan Baxter who is now a professor of Ethics at Madison State University. Like Keller Tallman now the CEO of Wisconsin Investments, Inc. And remind them of Anthony Gotelle who was recently elected to the State Legislature. 
“Our goal will be to sway public opinion in our favor and create sympathy for your situation with these ‘home-town’ testimonies. We’ll appeal to the local audience first; those who have personal knowledge of and share in the pride of your accomplishments. We’ll appeal to the traditional family values of most mid-westerners. We’ll demonstrate how children taught the Ten Commandments become better students, parents, employees, and contributing members of society.
“And finally Miss Woodard, as your attorney I strongly recommend we avoid any direct discussion about the Ten Commandments as a whole and this ‘absolute truth’ business.”
Trinity straightened her shoulders and took a deep breath. Her eyes moved slowly from her parents to Pastor Jamison. Both sat quietly supportive and silently in prayer for Trinity knowing the difficult decision she now faced was hers alone. After a few moments of reflective silence, Trinity looked again at Mr. Yandel and said,
“I appreciate what you are trying to do. But with all due respect, Mr. Yandel, you do not seem to understand what’s at stake here. This whole mess is about one thing and one thing only. Are there attitudes and actions that are wrong all the time, for all people, in all places, no matter who does them or why?
“Derrick Simpson is of an age when he desperately needs to know what is real and what is not. He wants to know if the ‘whatever makes you feel good’ system of his parents has any real, lasting value. Is the ‘if it feels good just do it’ way of living enough, or is there something more? I believe he already knows that actions have consequences. If left alone, even a child can figure that out. The problem is his parents are telling him no one has the right to hold him accountable for his choices. But the truth is, in a civil society, such a belief leads to chaos and ultimately to the destruction of human dignity.
“Gary Simpson says he relies on human reason and science to determine his moral choices. Edith Simpson relies on her feelings, public opinion and her desire for acceptance.
Both approaches are as changeable as the wind. But more importantly, such methods of determining what is right and what is wrong can be self-destructive. Certainly there is nothing wrong with using the reason and mental capacities God has given to every one of us. The problem is that people like the Simpsons insist on giving mere mortals the final word on human morality. 
“Those of us in this room would agree that it is absolutely wrong to lie and steal. The Simpsons would disagree. They claim they have an absolute right to make up their own rules. They are determined to convince the public that any other view is absolutely wrong. Yet at the same time they deny such absolutes even exist. 
“So, Mr. Yandel, the issue in question here is not whether or not I have been a good teacher. It’s not about me at all. It’s not about the achievements of former students or even the rights of parents to pass on their personal values to the next generation. And in many ways, it is not even about whether the Ten Commandments belong in public classrooms. This is an attack upon the very existence of God Himself and His rightful authority to rule over mankind. I may indeed lose my job, but I cannot sit back quietly and ignore this issue. At the meeting on Friday, I must address the subject of absolute moral truth.”
Stunned by the boldness of her uncommon Christian convictions, Mr. Yandel replied,
“Miss Woodard, in this day and age the idea of ultimate truth - something that is true at all times in all places and has relevance for all people - is about as extinct as dinosaurs. In fact, nearly three out of four people in this country say there is no such thing as ultimate or absolute truth. And those numbers are not much better among those who attend church and claim to live by the biblical teachings of Jesus Christ. Wouldn’t you agree, Pastor Jamison?”
Deeply grieved by what he knew to be the answer to that question, Pastor Jamison gazed out the window at the storm clouds still swirling overhead. Just then, a massive bolt of jagged lightning flashed across the darkened skies. Within seconds, a loud crack of thunder rumbled through the building rattling the windows and those seated around the conference table. The lights momentarily flickered then went out.
Seeking to relieve the anxiety of the startled group, Pastor Jamison said jokingly, “Well I must say I’ve never heard God audibly respond to a question before, but maybe He just did.”
The group laughed as Yandel’s secretary hurried to set up emergency lighting throughout the room. As soon as her task was finished, those at the table resumed the unsettling nature of their previous conversation. 
“Sadly, I would have to agree with your statement, Mr. Yandel. But having said that, you need to know I agree with Trinity. Absolute truth may be tough for many to accept, but that doesn't make it anything less than absolute truth. God is the one who said it was always wrong to lie and steal. And God’s word commands us to speak the truth as we seek justice for everyone in our world. As Christians, we must love people enough to tell them the truth of what’s right and wrong, and the consequences of choosing wrong, whether they want to hear it or not.”
To that Yandel replied, “I understand and agree Pastor Jamison. But you should remember that Gary Simpson is an attorney with a well-known law firm specializing in high-profile cases. They tackle legal issues which set public policy and have impact well beyond the scope of their individual clients. The outcome of their lawsuits change the way Americans think. And they have never, ever, lost in the battle for public opinion. It is clear in this complaint that his law partners are indeed representing more than the interests of one family. It is also clear they intend to win this one!”
“That may be so,” responded Pastor Jamison, “But people like the Simpsons do not have the right to force the rest of us to live without God. They say they have the right to live any way they chose and they are partially correct. Our founding fathers established a Bill of Rights which guarantees every citizen the right to the pursuit of happiness. But those guarantees were never meant to include the ‘whatever’ lifestyle and behavior of people like the Simpsons or anyone else for that matter. And they were never designed to destroy the rights of people in this country who do believe in God and seek to live peacefully in submission to His commandments.
“Whether the Simpsons like it or not, there are absolute moral truths that limit the behavior of civilized people. The Simpsons are free to disagree but unfortunately for them, their argument is with God not Trinity. As long as she obeys God’s command to ‘speak the truth in love,’ she will be doing the right thing before God. Unfortunately, we all understand that does not guarantee a favorable outcome on Friday. 
“As you have observed, things may get worse. She may lose her job and her reputation. She may never be able to teach again. But Miss Woodard is correct. As a committed follower of Jesus Christ, she must publically defend the truth and leave the outcome to Him. There is no alternative if she is to be obedient in declaring God’s love to the very people determined to erase His name from the history books of mankind.”
As Trinity listened to Jamison’s comments, she realized how grateful she was for this man’s faith, integrity, and courage. Over the years, she had known of many cowardly pastors, too weak to speak out against sin and moral wrong-doing for fear of what might others might think or what may happen to their positions. As Mr. Yandel repeatedly tapped his pen on the table trying to decide how to respond, Trinity said a silent prayer for Pastor Jamison. She asked God to help him remain courageous and strong in the days ahead and continue to use him as a Christ-like example for other men to follow. She also prayed Yandel would privately consider the words of her pastor. 
Not convinced, and clearly frustrated with the direction the meeting had taken, Mr. Yandel finally threw up his hands and said, “Ok. Have it your way. My team will prepare a general opening statement, sit with you at the table, and be available to answer any legal questions which may arise during the course of the hearing. If you change your mind on a defensive strategy, let me know before Friday. Either way, we’ll be ready. We’ll meet you at the top of the stairs in front of the County Board of Education Building at 2:45 pm sharp.
“And before I forget, there is an option we have not yet discussed. You are within your rights to bring civil charges against the Simpson for malicious slander and professional malice. You would have a strong case and our firm would be happy to represent you in such a lawsuit. Just let us know if this is something you wish to pursue.”
The meeting adjourned and Yandel’s new clients waited outside his office for the elevator. The group prayed together in the parking lot then each went their separate ways. 

Within minutes of their exit, Yandel received an unexpected cell phone call from his wife. 
“Kurt, there’s been an accident. Don’t worry. The boys and I are ok now. I was picking up the kids from school when we got caught in that awful downpour. As I was pulling out of the parking lot, another parent leaving the school lost control of her car and slid into the side of the van. Larry had not yet buckled his seat belt and ended up hitting his head on the passenger door. He suffered a small cut on his forehead which needed medical attention. We’re in the emergency room at Sheboygan Memorial now and are ready to come home. But the van had to be towed to the repair shop. Honey, can you come down to the hospital and take us home?”
Relieved, Kurt replied, “Thank heaven you are all ok! I’ve just finished with my last client of the day. I’ll be there in ten minutes.”
Kurt grabbed his overcoat and headed for the door. As he was waiting for the elevator, his secretary came running out of the office into the hallway and said, “Sir, there is a phone call for you on the main line. The caller says it’s urgent and insisted I bring you to the phone immediately.”
“It’s ok, Ms. Carpenter. I’ll take the call,” agreed Kurt.
Yandel closed the door to his private office then picked up the phone. 
“Yandel speaking.  Oh, it’s you. I told you I would call when she left. No, I wasn’t able to convince her. Jamison was here and as expected, he’s encouraging her to pursue the ‘absolute truth’ approach. I understand. Thank you, sir.”

Pastor Jamison continued to pray for Trinity and Yandel’s firm during his short drive back to Plymouth. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but was deeply troubled in his spirit at the legal counsel Kurt had given Trinity. It wasn’t at all what he had expected. But as he pulled into the church parking lot, Jamison’s thoughts were abruptly turned towards more immediate concerns. 
Two large fire engines were parked just beyond the high school wing of Plymouth Calvary Christian School. Several firemen were busy extinguishing the remains of smoldering embers on the outer rim of what appeared to be a large grass fire just north of the gym. With hoses in hand, fire fighters were conducting a thorough, final search through the field to ensure the fire would not re-ignite. 
Jamison drove cautiously to the end of the lot and parked his SUV just west of the engines, so as not to hinder their work. The air was thick with the smell of smoke as he opened the car door. Walking to the edge of the charred ground, he stood speechless as he surveyed the images of blackened earth and the scorched gym.
Finding the captain in charge of the incident, Pastor Jamison learned what had happened. During the earlier thunder storm, lightning apparently struck one of the older trees behind the gym splitting the trunk in two. Half of the tree was set ablaze, while the other half crashed into the north side of the building. A corner section of the roof was crushed and windows shattered along both sides of the gymnasium. The school janitor had phoned in the fire and crews were on the scene within minutes. Firefighters were able to quickly contain the fire and prevent any major damage to the facility. Jamison repeatedly thanked the captain and his crews for their quick response. He then thanked God that classes had ended before the fire broke out and that basketball practice had been rescheduled earlier in the day.
As Jamison surveyed the damage, a dozen or so church members were already on site removing piles of broken glass and splintered sections of roofing. Other volunteers, along with a group of neighbors, were working to cover the windows and install a temporary roof on the gym to protect the facility from further weather related damage until more permanent repairs could be made. 

As Trinity fastened her seatbelt and pulled out of the parking garage at Yandel’s office, she realized the car was almost out of gas. Filling up at the Shell station closest to the highway on-ramp, it wasn’t long before she was back on the road headed towards Plymouth. Traffic was still moving slowly as state highway crews continued working to remove all the storm-related debris from the roadway.
Realizing her return commute would probably take twice as long as normal Trinity reached over and turned on the radio hoping to tune into her favorite Christian radio station. In order to minimize the static, she had to fiddle with the dial settings for a few moments before locating the best listening position. She then gave herself over to the mood of the uplifting songs, singing along as she continued her return trip.
About three miles outside of Plymouth, Trin heard a loud, explosive sound. All of the sudden her car pulled sharply to the right. Tightening her grip on the steering wheel, she took her foot off the gas pedal and gradually began to apply the brakes. Within minutes, she was able to maneuver the vehicle through the lanes of traffic and safely come to a complete stop on the right-hand side of the road.
“Oh great!” she said out loud. “A flat tire!”

“Imbeciles! Idiots!” screamed Khan. “Destroyers are supposed to destroy!” he roared. “Or is that beyond your comprehension, Lieutenant?” 
Stomping back and forth along the brick roof atop Plymouth Press, Khan continued his tirade.  “Are your troops so stupid they can’t even execute the simplest of plans? Kill the kids! Burn down the school! Flip over the car! Crush her body! Could my orders have been any clearer? Maybe your puny imps should go back to the ash heaps of Gehenna and return to active duty when they’ve learned how to destroy something as fragile and helpless as human life!”
“Commander, you know as well as I what went wrong,” replied an indignant Warwick. “We’ve seen unexpected interventions like this too many times before.” 
 “All the more reason you should have anticipated their response. You were the one in charge of strife and doubt. You were the one who was supposed to confuse their ranks. But instead, they have successfully consolidated their forces. Their petitions are already hindering our movements. I hold you personally responsible for this fiasco, Warwick!” screamed the furious defeated Commander.
“Not to worry. Victory is close at hand, sir,” declared the still cocky Lieutenant. “Loyal warriors are even now causing havoc within marriages, isolating the enemy thru weather related disasters, disrupting electronic communications, shutting down power across the nation and effectively spreading disinformation among the so-called ‘Prayer Warriors.’ Unaware of our power, ignorant fools may still offer pathetic prayers in small, isolated gatherings. But my forces will soon have the enemy so doubtful and confused, they won’t know exactly what to pray for, much less be able to successfully launch a coordinated frontal assault.”
“That better happen and soon. Do you hear me? Soon! And what about His troops? How do you intend to prevent their interference going forward?” asked the worried and still pacing Commander.
Lieutenant Warwick had long grown weary of taking orders from such an incompetent, cowardly leader. Plotting to eliminate Khan in the heat of battle and elevate himself to the rank of “Commander”, the sinister Lieutenant simply growled, “Watch and learn…sir!” 
Defiantly, he then turned and flew away.

Derrick had just finished his math homework when the front door bell rang. Looking out the living room window to see who was standing on his porch, he was shocked to see Jason Baxter. Opening the door, Derrick said rather coldly, “Jason, what do you want?”
“Hi Derrick!” said Jason with a smile. “My mother made some chocolate chip cookies today. After school I asked her if I could bring some over to you. We just live around the corner so she said I could come over as soon as I finished my math homework. It took me longer than I thought, but I’m finally done.”
Rolling his eyes, Derrick replied, “Yea, I know. I just finished my math too. I didn’t think I’d ever get through all the word problems that sub gave us today.”
“Makes me miss our real teacher even more,” Jason said a bit sad. “But hey, can I come in?”
Secretly wishing he could accept the friendship being offered, Derrick replied, “Well I’m home alone and I’m not supposed to have anyone in the house when my parents are gone.”
“Ok. Well, how about we sit on the front porch and eat some of these cookies? Do you think that would be ok with your folks?”
Hesitating for a moment, Derrick said, “Yeah...Ok. Sure!”
Derrick unlocked the screen door, and walked out onto the porch. Sitting side-by-side on the top step, Jason offered Derrick a cookie and the two boys quietly enjoyed their afternoon treat in silence. But Derrick was puzzled. He couldn’t understand why someone he’d been so mean before was now being so nice to him. After reaching for a second cookie, Derrick became very sad and said,
“Jason, what do you think is going to happen to Miss Trin?”
“I’m not sure,” Jason replied. “My mom says she may lose her job.”
“But why?” asked a concerned Derrick “She didn’t do anything really wrong.”
“I know,” Jason said. “But don’t you know? I don’t want to be disrespectful or anything, but your parents are the ones trying to get her fired.”
Derrick was not at all surprised. He knew she was not the first. He sat quietly for a very long time just staring up at the stormy skies. “Jason, can you keep a secret?” he finally asked his new friend.
“If it won’t hurt anyone, I will. What’s the matter?” Jason replied.
“I’m sorry for taking your cookies. My parents would be so mad if they knew I was saying this to you. But no matter what they say, I know it’s wrong to take something that does not belong to me. I think what they are doing to Miss Trin is wrong too, but I don’t know what to do about it. I like her! She cares more about me than my parents ever have.”
“I’m sorry it’s like that, Derrick,” said his compassionate friend. “And about what you did, forget about it. Jesus already forgave you and so did I.”
“Jesus? Who is he?” asked Derrick.
“He is God’s son. He made us and He loves us. He knows everything about everything…what we say and do…the good things and all the bad stuff. He says all our wrong doing is sin. The Bible says our sin keeps us away from God and from his love. But since God wants to be our forever best friend, He sent his perfect son Jesus to earth to take upon Himself God’s judgment for our sin so we that wouldn’t have to. 
“Last year at Vacation Bible School I asked Jesus to forgive my sins and come into my life. And boy did I have some sin to confess to him! I did worse things than stealing cookies. One time I pushed my sister out of a tree and she broke her arm. And I used to say terrible things to my parents when they didn’t give me what I wanted. But Jesus forgave me and has been my best friend ever since. If you want, he can forgive your sins and be your best friend too!”
Derrick sat quietly listening as Jason spoke. The two boys ate another cookie in silence then Jason said. “Maybe you could come over for dinner some night when your parents are gone. Let’s ask my mom first and she can call and square it with your mom. My mom makes the best apple pie in the whole world.”
“That would be great! I guess I better go back inside now,” Derrick said. “Thanks for the cookies. See you at school tomorrow.”

Powerful lying warriors and deceiving spirits had been entrenched at the Simpsons’ home for many years. Witnessing the beginning of the end of their dominion on Mockingbird Lane, yet helpless to interfere, Warwick’s soldiers became enraged. Determined to regain the territory just lost, vicious creatures from hell went on the offensive. Lunging at Aza’s soldiers standing guard, the demons repeatedly tried to rip through their shields of light attempting to dig their razor sharp claws into the minds of the young, unsuspecting human prey still sitting on the front porch.
Aza’s orders were clear. Holy Healers were to defend their charge but not destroy the assailants until the appointed time. Four Healers were dispatched to chase the demons into the air away from the home, ultimately forcing their retreat somewhere over Grievance Bay in northern Door County. Meanwhile, a contingent of radiant warriors held their protective positions on the front porch, maintaining a tightly-woven, winged formation around the two young boys.
When Warwick’s soldiers had been successfully routed, Captain Aza dispatched two unicorns to bring news of the victory to Eli and Jasmine. Angelic warriors rejoiced as eternal truth had been declared that afternoon on one small, seemingly insignificant, front porch in rural Wisconsin. However, understanding the nature of the enemy, all remained prudent and alert, knowing the battle was far from over.

Jason Baxter went back to his home. Derrick Simpson returned to his video game. Heaven and hell prepared for war.

It was well into the night when Trinity finally pulled into her own garage. She was tired and had not eaten anything since lunch. With so many road hazards and fender-benders that afternoon, it had taken almost four hours for a tow truck to arrive on the scene, tow her sedan to the nearest repair shop, then mount and balance a new right front tire. Walking through the garage door and past the phone on her desk, Trin glanced over at her voice mail messages. She had 23 messages.
“I didn’t think the phone had that much memory!” she chuckled.
Trin decided to change into her pajamas, heat up some leftover chicken noodle soup in the microwave and then listen to her messages. Setting her bowl of steamy soup on the kitchen table, she opened the Evening Edition of the Plymouth Press hoping Underwood had ordered a retraction of Edith’s earlier story. But as Trin unfolded the paper and saw the cover, she dropped her first spoonful of soup back into the bowl. 
Plastered across the front page were the headlines, “Teacher steals student lunch to teach moral lesson. Outraged Plymouth parents demand action---by Edith Simpson.”
Trin continued reading the first few lines of Edith’s story. “Plymouth Elementary school teacher, Miss Trinity Woodard, humiliates student before classmates in what she says was an attempt to teach absolute moral values to a reprobate child.”
Unable to believe her eyes, Trin closed the paper and tossed it on the floor. Wanting to catch the latest weather report she then turned on a small TV she kept on the kitchen counter. She caught the tail end of a local news story instead and listened in horror as the reporter stated, 
“Child is sent home hungry after teacher steals his lunch. Miss Trinity Woodard, a long-time teacher at Plymouth Elementary School, forced a student, whose name is being withheld to protect the family, to sit quietly while she devoured his lunch. The child was further abused, as he was denied food and water for the remainder of the day.”
Trin changed the channel, but could not escape what had apparently become the biggest news story in the entire state of Wisconsin.
“From the state capitol tonight, Channel 10 News has just learned that an elementary school teacher in Plymouth regularly forces her students to obey what she calls, ‘God’s truth for all people.’ Teacher routinely says parents are liars and thieves.”
Disgusted, she turned off the TV and sat down at her desk to listen to her the long list of voice mail. Almost every single message was from students, parents, friends, and family expressing their concern and support. Many expressed anger over the comments made by the substitute teacher in class that day regarding Christians and the Ten Commandments. One of her current students called to say the teacher had even taken the plaque off the wall. Some parents expressed concerned she might leave Plymouth altogether. The last message sounded like a man’s voice mumbling something that sounded to Trin like a threat. His words were so garbled, she just deleted the message.
Putting the dishes in the sink, she walked upstairs to get ready for bed. “What a day!” she sighed.
As she was brushing her teeth, the phone rang again. She was about to say, “Hi Mom,” when she clearly heard the voice of a man say,
“If you think you are going to win this battle, you’re dead wrong. We’re sick and tired of people like you passing judgment on us. And we’re fed up with you Christians telling the world they are sinners if they do not obey the God of your Bible. The time has come to silence all of you forever.”
Trinity hung up the phone and immediately called her dad. Then she called the Sheboygan County Sheriff’s Office. She also placed a late night call to the state capital.

Even though she was physically and emotionally exhausted, Trinity had difficulty falling asleep. The events of the past two days, the topics of dozens of conversations, thoughts about the meeting on Friday, not to mention the appearance of two unicorns in her woods, all seemed to merge into one gigantic yet  indistinct, mental mosaic. And for some unexplained reason, Eli and Jasmine seemed to be at the very center of it all.
“Where are those unicorns? They said that even though I could not see them, they would always be with me. I wonder. Are they in the room with me right now? Where are they standing and if they are here, how do they fit inside these four walls? Were they in the kitchen just now when I was watching TV? Were they at Yandel’s office? Were they riding with me in the tow truck? Can they read my mind?”
Trin knew it was a silly thought but suddenly, she threw the blankets off her body and leaned her head over the side of the mattress. She did not find any unicorns hiding underneath the bed. Gathering up her long curly hair, she laid back down on her bed. Then she remembered one of the things Eli said to her. He had said that both he and Jasmine were on some kind of “divine commission.”
“If God cares enough about this whole Simpson mess to send angelic messengers to protect me and if humans I don’t even know are committed to praying for me, I’d better do some serious praying myself.”
Trinity did not remember the last thing she prayed for that night, but she did remember her dream. She dreamed that Eli and Jasmine were standing on either side of her bed. 
Jasmine leaned in close to Trin’s ear and whispered, “Be very courageous, Dear One. Stand and declare God’s truth.”
The dream was so real, Trinity immediately woke up. Opening her eyes and turning on the light, she fully expected to see both flying creatures somehow all squished together and hunched over in her bedroom. She saw no one and went back to sleep.

Eli and Jasmine gave thanks to heaven as their quiet hymns of praise filled her bedroom with soothing melodies. The gentle smell of Jasmine flower petals floated in the air. Heaven knew it was one of Trinity’s favorite fragrances.

However, in woods, fields and meadows of other parts of Plymouth, packs of black wolves howled until dawn. Another round of dense stormy clouds brought rain, clashes of thunder and massive streaks of jagged lightning to the county throughout the night. Winds were fierce at times, rattling windows, and banging shudders against the sides of homes. And Whispering Spirits had a delightful time causing all kinds of creepy, creaking noises in darkened bedrooms, making it frightfully hard for anyone to get a peaceful night’s rest, especially those in the homes along Mockingbird Lane.
Standing erect, with wings fully extended at the edge of the brick chimney was the increasingly deranged and defiant Lieutenant Warwick. Like a ravenous wild animal, he raged throughout the night. Hoping to dissuade any heavenly warriors within earshot from interfering with his grandiose plans, he shouted, “They are rightfully ours! All of them! You have no authority here! To my master they surrendered long ago and ours they forever will be! All hail the Prince of Lies!”
Truthful Ones maintained their covert positions at the Simpson residence, while Holy Healers remained immovable at the Woodard estate. Meanwhile Ryak’s forces patiently held their peace awaiting final deployment.
Chapter 6 -Defending truth
“Papa, look at what have they done with Your love?” declared the Proclaimers?
Heaven’s voice declared, “These are rebellious people, children who will not hear the law of the LORD. They say to My Seers and to My Prophets, ‘Do not see clearly. Do not prophecy to us those things which are right. Speak to us of pleasant things; soothing things. Prophecy to us deceitful words. Remove the Holy One of Israel from among us. Then stand back as we decree our own destiny; for we will not have that Man rule over us!’”
“But will they rediscover the gift before it’s too late?” wondered the heavenly host.
“You have finished your proclamation. The Living Word was given before the foundation of their world was laid. Each must hear. Each must now choose,” was heaven’s final word.

The entire front page of the Friday morning Press was dedicated to the unfolding local drama. In addition to images showing the entrance to Plymouth Elementary School and children on the merry-go-round, an extra-large headliner read “Authorities begin criminal investigation against Plymouth Teacher, Trinity Woodard.”
The article went on to say, “Students come forward with stories of physical abuse in the classroom. Miss Woodard refused to speak to reporters stating her right to privacy and an impartial hearing. The Press acknowledges that as an American citizen Miss Woodard certainly has First Amendment rights. But as one angry Plymouth parent put it, ‘No teacher in this country has the right to deny food and water to a child in the name of their god.’”
Trinity was stunned. She could not believe what she had just read. Lost in thought, she mindlessly folded the newspaper and set it back on the coffee table in the living room. Walking into the kitchen for another cup of morning coffee she heard the front door bell.
“Grandpa Eddie! Grandma Rose!” exclaimed a surprised Trin.
Quickly ushering her grandparents out of the cold morning air and into the living room where she was already enjoying a cozy fire in the fire place, Trin said, “It is so good to see you both!”
“Honey, we could not believe the headlines in the morning Press,” Grandma Rose stated adamantly. “We were shocked! Your grandfather and I came straight here as soon as we realized what Victor was allowing that awful woman to say about you.”
“It’s the lies, Grandma, the malicious lies are what hurt the most,” Trinity said sadly. “No one from the Press ever contacted me. All that ‘unavailable for comment’ stuff is a total fabrication. I got up early this morning to prepare for the meeting. Instead, I just can’t stop thinking about how big this whole thing has become. And I can’t help but wonder how many other public school teachers are facing similar challenges.
“It’s like our whole country has forgotten what made us the wealthiest, most prosperous nation in the whole world. We were blessed by God because people knew they were connected to something bigger than themselves. Our ancestors understood they were connected to the community of humankind. We were not alone. And they understood that because of that connection, what one did affected the other.
“Our founding fathers believed that true freedom existed only as each member saw themselves as part of such a community. People did not march in the streets demanding their right to do ‘whatever I want.’ Instead, they spoke of duty to God and duty to their neighbors. They spoke about how they could help their fellow man and encourage one another to pursue those things which are honorable and good in the sight of all men.
“Grandpa, I think that maybe part of the reason God is allowing the hearing this afternoon is to remind people like the Simpsons of their historical roots. They are educated, intelligent adults. I’m hoping that’s all it will take to bring them back to some kind of moral reason.
“Sweetie, you know as well as I, it may not be that simple,” Grandpa Eddie gently reminded his precious granddaughter.
“I know, but if not...if not...” Trinity started to say.
But Grandma Rose finished her youngest granddaughter’s sentence by reaching over and putting her arm around Trinity and declaring, “If not, you can come live with us!”
As the threesome laughed and hugged each other, Trinity silently thanked God for Grandma Rose. No matter what the trial or temptation, she always had a way of lifting troubled hearts with her humor, her wisdom and her unfailing love. 

Unprecedented early fall storms had caused massive power outages from California to New York state. Yet despite random, intermittent electrical connections, Facebook notifications, text messages and email prayer alerts were received coast-to-coast. And even though there were occasionally conflicting details regarding times and locations, saints across America gathered in homes and churches to do spiritual battle for the destruction of demonic principalities and powers in high places at the forefront of this attack. Ardent, humble prayers continually rose to heaven like Fourth of July fireworks.
Papa heard the intercession of His Beloved.

By Friday afternoon, the whole town of Plymouth was buzzing with newspaper reporters, TV camera crews and crowds of protestors. The small mid-western community had never seen so much activity. One group of protestors marched all morning up and down Main Street past City Hall carrying signs stating, “Wrong is the new right.”
Outside the front of Plymouth Press along Constitution Avenue picketers walked in circles chanting, “Truth is dead! We are the gods of the new world.”
In Lincoln Park across the street from Plymouth Elementary, a small group of young men and women waved signs and danced peacefully singing, “Imagine there’s no heaven. Imagine there’s no god. Imagine there’s no religion. What a wonderful world it would be!”
Not known by most of the local residents was the fact that Charter Airways had secretly flown in a group of paid political protestors from the state capital earlier in the day. They had been hired for one purpose and one purpose only:  to cause confusion, chaos and property damage in and around the elementary school, and to make sure their actions made headlines Friday evening in papers across the country.
About noon, the group began lining the streets along the southwest corner of the property near the playground carrying signs which read, “Kids need science, not god.” Other signs had a big red line painted over the word “god” with the statement, “Expel god” printed underneath.
In response to the requests of several concerned citizens, including Principal Truman, Superintendent Mitchell and Representative Anthony Gotelle, Plymouth Police dispatched four squad cars and eight officers to the school. In addition, Sheboygan County Sheriff’s Department had been put on full alert in case the demonstrations turned violent.

Plymouth was not the only newsworthy location in the state. Protestors had also gathered in front of the County Board of Education building in the cities of Sheboygan, Green Bay and Milwaukee. A handful of protestors had even camped out on the steps of the state capital in Madison Thursday night, displaying signs which read, “We demand legislation to remove Christian teachers from public classrooms.”

Trinity’s parents arrived at her home in Meadow Glory around 2:15 pm to escort her to the meeting. Pastor Jamison called earlier to say he would meet them inside the gym. As Trin was putting on her coat to leave the house, the phone rang again.
“We really need to get going, Trin,” her father said. “Maybe you should let it go to voice mail.”
“Yeah, I know, but I think I should answer it. I’ll be quick.” Trin assured him.
Picking up the phone with her right hand while her father put her left arm into the sleeve of her coat, Trinity hastily said, “Hello.”
Trin listened to the caller while her father positioned her raincoat snuggly around her shoulders. A moment later she said, “Who is this?”
Her parents stood quietly and waited as they began to sense the serious nature of the call. Trinity intently listened to what the person on the other end of the phone had to say. After a few moments she quietly replied,
“Yes sir, I understand...I will sir. Thank you for taking the time to call. God bless you too.”
Wide-eyed, Trinity slowly hung up the phone. Looking at her parents, who by this time were dying to find out who had made such an impact on their daughter, the tender teacher said,
“That was someone from Washington DC. They would not identify themselves by name, but it was a man. He wanted me to know there were many people in high places praying for this hearing. He encouraged me to be bold in defending absolute truth and leave the rest to God. Boy, earlier this morning when I told Grandpa Eddie I knew this was about more than one teacher, I had no idea how right I was. Let’s go. I do not want to be late!”

Eli and Jasmine flew close to the ground on either side of the four-door sedan as Mr. Woodard drove into town. Winged Healers also accompanied the vehicle maintaining formation in front of and behind the automobile. If the passengers could have seen into the realm of the supernatural, they would have seen the outline of a dozen heavenly unicorns flying overhead engulfed in a radiant cloud of living light. As it was, the humans sat comfortably and enjoyed the beauty of the autumn leaves. 

Superintendent Cameron Mitchell was just putting some file folders in his briefcase when his cell phone rang. Laura Van Husen’s name flashed across the LCD screen. Answering the call, Cameron said,
“Hi Laura. I’m just now running out the door to the hearing. What’s up?”
“Well hello there handsome! I just wanted you to know I will be thinking positive thoughts for the success of your hearing today. I know your strong commitment to quality education and that you will do everything in your power to protect the best interests of those kids. 
“Will I see you tonight at the Random River Golf Course? Please tell me you remembered that the Fund Raising Gala was tonight. Daddy’s counting on your support to be elected as this state’s next governor you know. And besides I was hoping to steal you away from all the reporters, who are bound to show up, for some… you know, one-on-one time. Just you and me…if you get my drift. And I can’t wait to hear how you put that Woodard woman in her place. You have such clear thinking in matters like these and really know how to stick to your convictions. But then again, you always seem to know what’s best in every situation. Daddy says this country needs more men like you. Can I send the car around for you about 6 pm?”
“Honestly Laura, the way this day is shaping up, I’m not sure I’ll be able to make it. I’ll check back with you after the hearing. Yeah. You too. Talk with you later. Ok. Bye.”
As Cameron put his phone back in his briefcase, he couldn’t help wondering if he really wanted a long-term relationship with Laura. She was well-educated, fun to be around, and certainly beautiful. Her family was one of the oldest in the state of Wisconsin, as well as one of the richest. The family owned most of Plymouth, a fact Laura proudly reminded him of as often as possible. And being an only child, she was the sole heiress to the vast wealth of the Van Husen estate. Her future husband would be a wealthy man indeed.
Cameron had known the family for years, but had only been dating Laura for about a year and a half. In recent months however, Cameron began seeing a side of Laura he found quite unsettling. He was becoming aware of a shallowness of character he had not seen before. Too often, Laura came across as a spoiled, self-centered young woman whose only real goal in life was, as she put it one night, “To be in the right place, at the right time, wearing the right clothes so I can meet the right kind of people.” More and more, her expressions of affection towards him seemed insincere and self-serving. And of particular concern was the way Laura had begun to pressure him to support her father’s political ambitions. 
Cameron buckled his seatbelt, pulled out of the parking lot and headed for the gym at Plymouth Elementary School. Waiting for the traffic light to turn red, he found his mind wandering to thoughts about Trinity Woodard. 
 “Talk about opposites!” he mused. 
He began to realize how much he truly admired and respected the “Tender Teacher.” Without a doubt, she was an amazingly gifted educator. Students adored her. Parents loved her approach to developing good moral character in their children. And she had certainly been an asset to the community of Plymouth for years. But watching her take such a bold stand against the “Madison Machine” was truly inspirational.
 “Few dare to defy that group,” Cameron said out loud. “Courage like hers is rarely seen in this country. How could anyone not respect such a woman?”
He briefly allowed the daydream to continue as he considered the possibilities. A few seconds later he blurted out, 
 “Yeah right, Cameron! Like she would jump up and down at the possibility of dating the guy who just ruined her career forever.”
The light turned green and Cameron was forced to shelf his daydreams for the time being. Duty called. And he knew if he was to be the professional leader his position required, he would have to remain impartial during the upcoming proceedings. He was ready and resolutely set his sights on completing the task at hand.

About 2:30 the group of paid protestors turned, what had been, a law-abiding demonstration near the school into a riot. More than thirty people suddenly began running down the street towards the main entrance of the gym. Stopping at the bottom of the concrete steps, attempting to prevent anyone from entering or exiting the facility, they repeatedly chanted. “Freedom from religion! When do we want it? Now!”
Leading the mob was a young man with a bullhorn who kept shouting the same rhythmic chant. Several of the men left the group and began waving signs and chanting in the middle of the street. Busy after-school traffic was disrupted as frightened parents trying to pick up their children were rerouted to the other side of the school where, they were told, their children were safely waiting. 

Reporters had been prohibited from entering the school gym. But like hungry vultures, they camped on the sidewalk at the foot of the stairs, not only capturing footage of the protestors, but watching and waiting for the arrival of the now infamous elementary school teacher.
Kurt Yandel had warned the Woodard family that they may encounter protestors upon entering the building. But no one was prepared for the mob they actually faced as Trin’s dad pulled up to the sidewalk and parked the car near the gym entrance. Local law enforcement had only moments earlier managed to move the street protestors back onto the sidewalk and contain the rest of the mob a short distance south of the building.
But once the group saw Trinity and her parents getting out of the car, several of men broke through the police blockade and ran towards the Woodard family. Waving their hands and trying to prevent her from walking up the stairs, the men began screaming foul words just inches from Trinity’s face. Mr. Woodard tried to block the men from reaching his daughter, but was shoved to the ground by several members of the now violent mob.
Waiting at the top of the stairs, Yandel saw what was happening and ran down the stairs to help his clients. Officers rushed in to assist Trin’s father and to protect the entire family from further assaults. Creating a tight circle around the Woodard’s, Yandel and the police quickly escorted the family up the stairs and into the safety of the gym. 
With cameras and microphones in hand, two reporters tried to follow the family up the steps and into the gym. But the force of the mob shoved the reporters to the side of the building, causing one of the cameramen to drop his video-recording unit. The rest of the media were content to stay out of harm’s way, while frantically still trying to capture the mayhem on video in time for their respective evening news reports.
Yandel had just closed the heavy double doors behind the family when a protestor threw a rock towards Trinity. It shattered one of the glass panes sending pieces of broken glass everywhere along the tile floor in the hallway. The rock just missed Trinity’s head. But Mr. Woodard’s right hand was cut by a piece of flying glass as he was trying to shield his daughter. One of the police officers immediately ushered the family further down the hall and into one of the interior administrative offices. Minutes later the school nurse arrived to tend to Mr. Woodard’s bleeding hand. Everyone was relieved to learn it was only a surface wound.
On the sidewalk outside, pandemonium erupted. The Channel 10 TV camera man who had just recovered his video-recorder managed to capture footage of an unidentified man setting fire to one of the protestor’s signs which read, “Parent’s United For a God-Free Society.”
Moments later, three garbage dumpsters on the east side of the gym exploded into flames. Protestors began smashing the windshields of cars parked along both sides of the street. Others began throwing rocks at the classrooms in the primary education wing.
Within minutes, county sheriffs were on the scene to assist local law enforcement in securing the situation. By the time officers had apprehended the most violent offenders and successfully dispersed the rest of the mob, the exterior gym walls had been defaced with black paint and all the windows of Mr. Woodard’s sedan had been smashed. Sheriffs took the criminals to the county jail, while Plymouth Police remained on site ready to dispel any further disruptive actions. 

During the riot outside, spectators already seated in the gym were told to stay in their seats and not leave the building. So it took Pastor Jamison a few moments to discover where the Woodards were being held and to convince the police to let him join the family inside the Admin office.
Upon entering the well-guarded room he hugged Trinity and said with a heavy sigh, “Thank God you are all safe! I knew you would be concerned, so I just spoke to Truman and Mitchell. They assured me all the students are safe as well, and are being reunited with their parents on the other side of the cafeteria. Deputies are now in place throughout the campus to ensure the kids are able to leave the premise with no further disruptions. How’s your hand, Mr. Woodard?”
“It’s just a flesh wound. I’ll be fine,” Trin’s dad replied making no attempt to hide his anger. “But what I can’t understand is why this hearing was moved from the board room downtown to the school gym. No one could have foreseen the mob outside, I know that. Nonetheless, who in the world made the decision put every one of these kids in harm’s way?”
“Mr. Woodard, the Simpson’s Senior Legal counsel was the one who demanded the hearing be moved to the gymnasium,” said Mr. Yandel. “He insisted the board room was not large enough to accommodate the numbers of parents and concerned citizens who had a right to know what was going on in their schools. He wanted to ensure no one was turned away due to lack of space. But surely they had no way of knowing what would happen outside today. No one can blame them, or the Simpsons for the actions of that mob.”
Pastor Jamison replied, “I agree and urge everyone to remain calm. Without a doubt, this is another in a long string of demonic attacks designed to send all of us into a state of panic. I just got off the phone with my wife and she is even now notifying the prayer warriors of the situation. She will exhort the saints to step up the intercession for our physical safety and to pray we are able to complete the job God sent us here to do.”
“Right,” said Yandel looking at his watch. “Ok then, let’s get to it, shall we?”

It was 3:15 when Yandel, Pastor Jamison and the Woodard family finally entered the gym. As anticipated, the room was packed to capacity. Those who could not find seats in the bleachers stood in groups along the walls. Many parents had come eager to show their support for the tender teacher. Many came out of curiosity, just wanting to find out what all the fuss was about. Others came because they knew full well what was really going on and were determined to see the hearing proceeded according to their agenda. 
Superintendent Mitchell, Principal Truman, and all nine members of the Plymouth school board were already seated at a table in the center of the gym, directly in front of the bleachers. The Simpson and their lawyers had already made themselves comfortable at a table to the right of the board. Trinity and Yandel’s team walked past the Simpsons and sat down at the table prepared for them on left.

Eli and Jasmine escorted the family down the hallway and into the gym then stationed themselves on either side of Trin’s table. Eli stood in between the two tables, while Jasmine remained next to her tender charge sitting at the other end of the table. When the Woodard table had been secured, Aza’s warriors scattered to their assigned locations.

Superintendent Cameron Mitchell addressed the assembly.
“Everyone, if I could have your attention. Please quiet down and take your seats so we may proceed with this meeting. Those along the walls, please remain where you are during these proceedings. Before we begin I want to reassure everyone that our fine law enforcement agencies have restored order outside and all our children are safe and are even now being reunited with their parents.”
Spontaneous cheers and sighs of relief echoed throughout the room.
“Let me also say that due to the disruptive nature of recent events related to today’s hearing, the police have asked every person present to remain in their seats for the duration of the hearing. No one will be allowed to enter or leave the gym until this meeting is adjourned. Armed officers are stationed both inside and outside of the building and will not hesitate to apprehend anyone not willing to comply with these orders. This decision may seem harsh, but I assure you, the safety of everyone present is our greatest concern.
“Next, speaking for myself and the rest of the board, we want to make it perfectly clear to everyone in this room that we will not allow this meeting to be turned into a free-for-all. Absolutely no comments will be tolerated from the audience. Anyone not able to honor these restrictions will be promptly escorted to police headquarters. Given the events we have just witnessed, I trust everyone present understands the need for such limitations.
“And now, to the matter at hand. We all know why we are here today. In fact, it seems the whole country knows why we are here.”
Turning towards the Simpson table, Mitchell said, 
“Mr. and Mrs. Simpson have made some serious allegations against one of our fifth grade teachers. It is the purpose of this board to hear testimony from all parties, and decide whether or not these accusations have merit and to rule accordingly. I would remind everyone present that the decision of this board is final. Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, you may begin.”
Mr. Simpson respectfully stood to his feet as he addressed the board.
“Distinguished members of the board and members of the audience, my family and I recently moved to this community when I accepted a position with a well-known law firm in downtown Sheboygan as a senior legal partner. Subsequently we enrolled our fifth-grade son, Derrick, at Plymouth Elementary. That was just five short days ago.
“To our horror, within hours of his arrival on day one, Derrick, was humiliated, embarrassed, unjustly accused, and unjustly punished by his teacher, Miss Trinity Woodard. The following day, our son was denied food and water, called a liar and a thief, and required to listen to his teacher ridicule the moral decisions of his own parents as the entire class listened. Due to these tragic events, our son has suffered enormous mental and emotional distress which will, no doubt, affect his academic abilities for years to come.
“No child should have to endure such persecution especially coming from one of the very people children should be able to trust the most - their own school teacher. Therefore my wife and I demand you hold this woman responsible for her outrageous and illegal actions. We demand that this board find Miss Woodard guilty of gross misconduct, both as an instructor and as a public servant, and that you rule in favor of her immediate termination. We are confident of the mounting legal precedent in our favor, as evidenced by the outcome of numerous similar complaints filed with the State Office of Public Education. Copies of those briefings were included with our original petition and are now before you for review and consideration. Thank you, Mr. Superintendent.”
Mr. Simpson then sat down, confident in the success of his professional abilities to win legal battles and to sway the opinions of large audiences to best suit the interests of his clients. Several in the audience clapped loudly as Gary took his seat.
“Thank you for your remarks, Mr. Simpson,” Superintendent Mitchell respectfully responded. “Now, having carefully read your complaint, including the supporting documents you provided, and Miss Woodard’s testimony, this board has a few questions we’d like to ask. First, when you learned of these events, did you or your wife ever simply ask your son if he took the other student’s lunch?”
Without giving her husband time to respond, Mrs. Simpson rose to her feet to address the question. Turning first to the audience with a slight grin on her face, she faced the board and replied, “Well of course we did. Derrick said he never took anything from Jason’s lunch box. He said the other students at the table agreed to lie to the teacher because they didn’t like him.” Taking her seat, she glanced sideways at her husband but said nothing.
“Can you think of any reason why the students would not like your son, Mrs. Simpson? After all, it was only his first day at this school. He hardly knew anyone,” questioned Principal Truman.
“Derrick said they were just mean kids, that’s all,” Mrs. Simpson replied curtly.
Superintendent Mitchell followed up with an additional question. “Can you think of any reason why your son would be less than truthful about these matters, Mrs. Simpson?”
Indignant at the implication of the question, Mrs. Simpson snapped back, “Our son never lies!”
“It was never my intention to imply he did, Mrs. Simpson,” carefully replied Superintendent Mitchell.
Trinity raised her hand and asked the board if she was allowed to ask a question at this point in the hearing. Superintendent Mitchell replied, “That is within your right. You may proceed.”
Looking directly at Edith, Trinity asked, “Mrs. Simpson, this may seem like an odd question, but can you tell the board what you put in Derrick’s lunch box that first day of school?”
“Well, let me see. He had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, a bag of potato chips, some carrot sticks and an apple. Would you like to know what kind of bread I used to make the sandwich?” Edith sarcastically added. 
“No, Mrs. Simpson. I’d just like to know if you are certain there was nothing else in his lunch box,” pressed Trinity.
The defensive mother replied. “There was nothing else.”
“Then can you explain how chocolate chip cookies ended up in Derrick’s lunch box?” Trinity asked.
Rolling her eyes Edith replied, “There were no chocolate chip cookies in his lunch box. You are mistaken.”
“Mrs. Simpson, I saw chocolate chip cookies inside your son’s lunch box when I intervened during the argument between your son and the other student in the cafeteria Monday afternoon. The cookies were under an apple and several loose carrot sticks. In addition, Derrick later actually admitted to me he had taken the cookies.” Trinity confidently stated. “Now as hard as this may be for you to believe, Derrick is not telling you and your husband the truth about his actions that day.”
Mr. Simpson quickly realized this kind of testimony was not going in a direction most advantageous to their case. Regaining control of the debate he responded by stating,
“I’ll talk to Derrick again tonight and make sure I get the whole truth out of him. But honestly, Miss Woodard, what if he did take the food and then lied to avoid getting into trouble? He’s only a child and we’re talking about a handful of chocolate chip cookies. It is not like he robbed a bank or killed somebody!”
“So as an attorney Mr. Simpson, are you saying there are times when it is acceptable to steal if the items taken are of little value?” Superintendent Mitchell asked Derrick’s father.
“No sir, that is not what I meant,” Gary Simpson replied, nervously changing positions in his chair.
“But Mr. Simpson,” Trinity said, “Derrick told me he often hears you and your wife saying, ‘No one has the right to tell me what to do. If it feels good and brings me pleasure, I’ll do whatever I want, so long as no one gets hurt.’”
“Yeah, we say that! So what?” Mrs. Simpson rudely interjected.
Trinity paused for a moment then said, “Well, Mrs. Simpson, what if I walked into your newspaper office tomorrow afternoon, opened your desk drawer, and stole your lunch box. I’m pretty sure I know how you would react. You’d go running down the hall to the Editor’s office shouting, ‘Catch the thief!’
Before permitting a rebuttal Trinity continued with her line of reason. “But what would be my crime? According to your moral perspective, you would have no basis upon which to judge my actions as wrong since I was just doing something that made me feel good. And since neither you nor anyone else at the newspaper would die of starvation as a result of my actions, I would not be guilty of harming anyone, isn’t that correct?”
Becoming increasingly annoyed, and after giving the audience another coy grin, Mrs. Simpson replied in a condescending tone, “Now Miss Woodard, we are all adults here and know perfectly well that kind of behavior would be childish and wrong.”
“You are absolutely right!” Trinity quickly stated. “And your son also knows it would be wrong. That’s why he lied. But let me ask you another question. Why is it wrong for an adult to lie and steal if it makes them feel good, but such behavior is ok for a ten year old boy? If stealing and lying are wrong for an adult, then these behaviors are wrong for a child. That’s one of the reasons such standards are called ‘absolute truths.’
“Mrs. Simpson, although I have only known Derrick a short time, I believe he is an intelligent, compassionate, and gifted young man.  Both you and your husband should be very proud of him. And I am sure he never meant to deliberately harm anyone. But I also believe your son knew his behavior was selfish and wrong. And I believe he would acknowledge his hurtful behavior and apologize for his actions if given the opportunity and encouragement to do so.
“Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, I did not bring religion into the classroom as you have accused me of doing. And I never insisted your son pray to the author of the Ten Commandments. However, I did encourage him to consider the moral truths contained in those commandments. Self-control, honesty, respect for his fellow students, these were the kinds of mature, moral standards I was trying to teach your son that day. Nothing more; nothing less.”
Standing to her feet once again, Mrs. Simpson shouted, “How dare you imply my son is immoral and out-of-control!”
Instantly, Gary reached over and took ahold of his wife’s hand, quietly but firmly stating, “Edith, sit down!”
Scowling at her husband, Edith shouted, “I will not sit down!” 
Leaning over the table and pointing her index finger directly at Trinity, Edith continued her tirade. “What gives you the right to judge the standards by which we raise our son?”
“Mrs. Simpson!” Superintendent Mitchell interjected. “Please, calm yourself and sit down. No one is attacking your son. May I remind you this is a formal school board hearing? You will conduct yourself in a mature, respectful manner or be escorted out of the building.”

All of the sudden Trinity realized she was very hot. Tiny droplets of sweat were forming on her forehead and she was having trouble breathing. The room started spinning and Trinity was afraid she was going to pass out. Mumbling something about grotesque creatures flying around the room, she quickly put her head down on the table and closed her eyes. Mr. Woodard immediately left the room to find the school nurse and to get Trinity something cool to drink. Putting her arm securely around her daughter, Mrs. Woodard began to pray silently while Mr. Yandel asked the board for a short recess.
Pastor Jamison was the first to recognize the intense spiritual battle taking place inside the gym. He left his seat in the first row and walked over to the table where Trinity was sitting. Whispering into Mrs. Woodard’s ear he said, “This is a direct demonic attack. We need to pray hard, now!”
Mrs. Woodard shook her head in agreement as Trin’s father returned with a glass of water and the school nurse. After checking on the status of her patient, the nurse said, “Why is it so hot in here? What happened to the air conditioning?”
As Pastor Jamison continued his silent prayers, he too realized how uncomfortably warm the room had become. With hundreds of human bodies jammed close together in the stands, it wasn’t long before Trinity was not the only one feeling lightheaded. Other attendees began complaining of the heat and were removing unnecessary outer clothing in an attempt to find relief from the stifling temperature. 
Superintendent Mitchell sent the nurse to find the janitor with instructions to immediately check on the environmental controls for the gym. “Tell Potter it feels like someone has turned up the thermostat to a hundred degrees!” he said.

Undetected by most of the assembled and spiritually distracted mortals, a small contingent of Deceivers loyal to Warwick’s treasonous plans had crept into the gym through the air conditioning vents. Except for a set of razor sharp horns on their heads, their appearance was like that of a mutilated human male from the waist up and an ordinary goat from the waist down. Hoping to catch the other side by surprise, the hideous creatures plunged down into the room through the metal grates in the ceiling. Clinging to the gym walls, the demons began to howl and jump from one side of the room to the other. With hurricane speed, they circled the room faster and faster until suddenly, they jumped off the walls and in a split second landed on the floor directly in front of Trinity’s table. 
With lightning speed, Jasmine stood up and extended her dry, fully functional wings. A shield of radiant light instantly covered the entire table and everyone seated. Undeterred, deformed, gnarly hands and dozens of long boney fingers tried repeatedly to tear through the deceptively thin, feathery shield. Again and again their horny heads crashed into the shield towards Trinity, desperate to rip out the heart of the tender teacher. But like tempered steel, Jasmine’s wings proved to be an impenetrable covering. Unable to reach their target at close range, the wicked warriors retreated to the walls on the other side of the gym just behind the electrical scoreboard and managed to escape out of the building through a ventilation shaft in the ceiling.

While the four-legged Deceivers planned their next assault, Warwick and eight of his most fierce cohorts entered the gym through the double doors on either side of the bleachers. With the pomp and ceremony of ferocious royalty, Warwick marched arrogantly past the human security guards with their side arms, and stood in the center of the gym. Studying for a moment the mortal audience before him, then turning to focus his gaze directly on Eli, Warwick extended his two jet black wings, took a deep breathe, raised his head and roared, “Come and get me if you dare, you and your puny little ponies of heaven!”
Strengthened by the prayers of the saints, Aza’s troops were already in motion. Warwick had barely uttered the call to arms when Holy Healers attacked. Like bolts of lightning, scores of radiant warriors began to emerge from all four corners of the room. They flew up from under the bleachers. They charged in through the double doors on either side of the gym. They flew in through cracks in the cement flooring and dropped down through ceiling tiles. 
Overwhelmed and hopelessly outnumbered, hell’s armies had nowhere to run, as Captain Aza threw a white, sticky, web-like net about the creatures’ dark hooves. Their struggles to free their legs from the shiny, glue-like substance covering each strand were futile. The more they wrestled and thrashed about, the more they became entangled in its web. And one-by-one, like bugs on flypaper, the once boastful soldiers were immobilized.
Unable to escape or retaliate, Radiant warriors then moved in from all directions. Healers with horns ripped open the dark flesh of their opponents, leaving gaping wounds in the bodies of their four-legged captives. Hell’s soldiers lay helpless as Captain Aza’s strike team stabbed and jabbed until the floor beneath their hooves was covered with their foul blood. Radiant soldiers then used their powerful hind legs and kicked the battered bodies across the room. Like individual, bloody bowling balls, again and again, Deceivers and Liars were sent crashing into the walls of the gym. 

While Aza’s soldiers battled the so-called champions of hell, Eli went after their leader. With laser-sharp focus, heaven’s mighty Prince reared up on his hind legs, snorted loudly, lowered his single horn and charged. The wicked Lieutenant did the same. Racing towards one another, white sparks resembling miniature lightning bolts flashed as their massive horns collided. Oblivious to the skirmishes around them, again and again the two unicorns charged. Like drawn swords of tempered steel, explosion after explosion sent shock waves throughout the gym, rattling the walls and windows as the powerful, supernatural creatures engaged one another in an age-old combat. 
A few seconds later, Eli’s horn hit its mark and tore deep into the flesh of Warwick’s left leg, leaving a bloody, oozing hole the size of a man’s fist in his hindquarter. Wasting no time, Eli charged again. He plunged his horn into the arrogant Lieutenant’s left shoulder, just missing his throat. Realizing he was losing the frontal attack, Warwick turned his back side towards Eli. Using his good leg, Warwick tried to kick his assailant in the head. But the demon’s wounded limb was not strong enough to support his full weight. Staggering, he fell to his knees. Not waiting for his enemy to strike, Warwick quickly extended his wings and flew out the room, down the hallway, and out of the building towards the baseball field at Lincoln Park. 
Eli was right behind him. Flying directly above his weakened foe, Eli repeatedly thrust his needle-sharp horn into the exposed muscles of Warwick’s hind quarter. Over and over Eli struck until the demon’s hind end was red with blood. Gathering what strength remained Warwick changed direction. He shot straight up into the air, made a huge circle around Eli then sped north. Aware of the blood dripping down his back legs, Warwick knew his only hope of survival was to reach the stronghold of Khan before he collapsed. Once there, his superior officer would then gather reinforcements for a retaliatory strike.
But heaven had other plans. Using his massive unicorn like a shovel, Eli forced the fledgling airborne lieutenant to fly back towards Lincoln Field. As soon as the two warriors were over the baseball field, a gigantic sinkhole mysteriously opened up directly under home plate. As if an enormous, supernatural vacuum cleaner had just been turned on, Warwick’s bloody body was then sucked out of the sky and vanished in the chasm below. 
As the screaming Warwick descended Eli shouted, “And you said we could not mount a coordinated assault! You forgot it only takes a whisper to the Father to mobilize the armies of truth.”

Back in the gym, Warwick’s soldiers who had earlier managed to escape decided to return for one final offensive against their primary target. In a direct aerial assault, the group dropped back down into the gym using the same metal shaft. Landing momentarily on the suspended scoreboard, they dove down to one of the upper bleacher seats. Then, aiming straight for Trinity’s heart, the creatures flew in for the kill. 
But instead of reaching their mark, the grotesque creatures slammed once again into the protective wings of heaven. As if crashing into a concrete wall, the defeated demons slid off of Jasmine’s shield and fell onto the floor between the two conference tables. Fragments of their shattered horns lay scattered on the floor beneath their crushed bodies. 
Wasting no time, winged Healers lunged, digging their sharp teeth into the flesh of the demon’s legs. Flipping their bodies upside down, the helpless creatures were lifted off of the floor and held, suspended in mid-air. Captain Aza’s remaining soldiers did the same for Warwick’s other soldiers, still lying motionless near the drinking fountains. Holy Warriors then flew their defeated enemy out of the gym, down the hallway, and out the double doors at the north exit of the building, transporting them all the way to Lincoln Field.
By the time they arrived, the sink hole had doubled in size, as if hell had enlarged the entrance to its’ fiery abyss to accommodate this new batch of condemned prisoners. Hovering directly over the entrance to the bottomless pit, Holy Warriors then dropped the demons into the swirling mass below. Plummeting to their final abode, the defeated servants of hell joined their former commander in the place of eternal torment. 

Pastor Jamison quickly informed the policemen nearest the gym’s main entrance of the developing situation and how uncomfortable the room had become. He asked if it would be safe to open both the gym doors, as well as the row of ceiling windows, in order to get some fresh air circulating inside the room as soon as possible. Since the remaining protestors outside the building had been forced to move down the street and the need for immediate ventilation was obvious, the officers allowed the doors and windows to be opened. One-by-one, members of the maintenance department opened three large upper windows near the ceiling just above the bleachers. Soon, fresh, crisp autumn air began flowing over the audience providing much needed relief from the stifling heat.

Concealed a safe distance from the heat of the battle, Commander Khan sneered as he watched the slaughter of Warwick and his rebels. Warwick defectors also cheered at the demise of their egotistical Lieutenant. Seeing his destruction was complete, Khan publically mocked his former subordinate as he roared, 
“Fool! Let his fate be immortalized throughout the ranks of the underworld. Let it be known, ‘Thus is the fate of those who dare betray Khan!’”
With the Commander in the lead, surviving Destroyers and Liars quickly and quietly left the scene without further confrontation. Regrouping at their command post, final plans were discussed for their next offensive. Assured hell’s forces were finally in place, Commander Khan sent word to his commander-in-chief.
Chapter 7 - Values for all people
 “I tell you the truth. I know where you live,” said the Watchers declaring His holy word. “I see you come and I see you go. You put on garments of cursing and mocking the same way you put on your clothing for the day. You thought I was blind, but your ways are ever before My eyes. You thought I was deaf, but I hear your rages against Me. How long should I put up with you? How long should I wait for your return?”
With flashes of lightning round about, from the midst of the throne a voice like the sound of thunder cried out, “Oh inhabitants of the earth, today if you hear His voice, harden not your heart. For salvation belongs to Him who was, and to Him who is, and to Him who is to come!”

When the facilities’ maintenance crew checked on the air conditioning unit, they discovered the main breaker switch to the power units had been turned off. There was speculation that some sort of electrical surge had flipped the switch. Some believed it was the work of protestors. Others said they saw someone from the Wisconsin Utility Company in the room adjusting the controls earlier in the day. A young janitor was convinced that the crows were somehow responsible. Mr. Potter, the Facilities Manager, said he didn’t care what caused the outage, and ordered the entire electrical system rebooted. Within minutes the environmental controls system was back online. 
With cooler air now circulating throughout the gym it wasn’t long before Trinity and the other attendees began to feel much better. Trinity reached down and picked up her purse from the floor, hoping to find a tissue to wipe the moisture from her brow. Unzipping the center compartment of her handbag, she discovered the purple stone sitting inside one of the inner pockets. But the color was somehow different then when she had first seen the stone in the woods. Instead of its’ original soft hue, the stone was now a crystal clear, brilliant shade of deep purple.
“Now which one of those unicorns put this stone in my purse?” she wondered. “And what did they do to the color? I’ve never seen anything so beautiful!”

After securely fastening her purse so as not to draw attention to the odd purple light, Trinity indicated to those at her table she was ready to proceed. Mr. Yandel informed the board his client was ready to continue and within minutes Superintendent Mitchell resumed the hearing.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, we are ready to resume the hearing at this time. Will those present, please be seated. The board has heard from Mr. and Mrs. Simpson. We are now ready to hear testimony from Miss Woodard.”
Kurt Yandel stood and read a short, prepared statement which he and Trinity had earlier agreed upon. Concluding his statements, he sat down and looked at Trinity.
“Superintendent Mitchell, if there are no objections from the board, I would like to continue where we left off and respond to Mrs. Simpson’s last remarks,” Trinity said to the officials before her.
After conferring privately with his colleagues, Mr. Mitchell said, “The board has no objections. You may proceed.”
“As we began to discuss, Mrs. Simpson, I am not the one who has the right to judge you or your son’s behavior, however…”
Still fuming, Mrs. Simpson interrupted Trinity once again stating, “I suppose this is where you tell me stealing is wrong because god says so. Right? Well, I’ll save you trouble. We don’t believe in god, Miss Woodard. Therefore we don’t acknowledge any of your so-called ‘laws of god’ either.”

Having resumed his protective posture between the two tables, Eli leaned over and gently pressed the tip of his horn into Edith’s right shoulder. Unconsciously, she grimaced and squirmed uncomfortably in her chair. Maintaining slight pressure, Eli winked knowingly at his tender sister who by this time was once again standing peacefully at Trinity’s side.

At this point the Superintendent had heard enough of Edith’s rude and condescending comments. Signaling to Trinity of his intention to deal harshly with such persistent remarks Cameron said, “Mrs. Simpson...” 
But Trinity quickly motioned to him, respectfully requesting permission to continue with the current dialogue. Cameron reluctantly granted her request.
Turning again to face her accusers, Trinity said, “That is an interesting perspective Edith. But I think the Plymouth Police Department would disagree.”
“Exactly what do you mean by that?” Mr. Simpson asked pretending to be surprised by the question.
“Suppose we phone the Sergeant on duty right now and ask him if stealing is a crime,” replied Trinity to the sly attorney sitting at the opposite table. “Without question, the officer would say, ‘What a ridiculous question. Of course it is!’
“Suppose I pressed the officer and said, ‘You mean if I confessed to taking $10,000.00 from the Plymouth Press, I would be arrested, put in jail, and stand trial for my actions? Then in court, eye-witnesses would offer testimony and supporting evidence would be presented. And finally, aided by my confession, a jury would find me guilty of the crime of theft?’ 
“The Sergeant would say to me, ‘You got it lady!’
“But suppose when standing before the bench for sentencing I pleaded with the judge saying, ‘But Your Honor, you don’t understand. I believe I am free to live my life choosing to do whatever makes me happy. You have no right to tell me my beliefs are wrong. I admit I took the money, but so what? I didn’t hurt anyone. And besides, the newspaper has lots of money. They’ll never miss a few thousand dollars.’
“Mr. Simpson, do you honestly think that judge would just look at me and say, ‘Gosh, I’m so sorry. Our criminal justice system has made a terrible mistake. Since you don’t believe stealing is wrong and no one was really hurt, you can go free’? Of course he wouldn’t. And why? Because the laws of this country say stealing is a crime.
“Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, like it or not, the laws of this country were founded upon the Ten Commandments contained in the Christian bible. One of those commandments states, ‘You shall not lie.’ Another states, ‘You shall not steal.’ No matter what you think about the origin or the author of those laws, you are still required to live by them. So you see I am not the one judging your son’s behavior. In truth, God is.”
Trinity paused to give the Simpsons time to reply, but Edith needed no time to prepare her retaliatory retort. 
“Well before we left home this morning I told my husband I knew religion would come into this discussion sooner or later. But as I already told you. We do not believe in god.”
Trinity respectfully replied, “Mrs. Simpson, your unbelief cannot destroy God any more than my faith created Him. And the truth is man-made religions have nothing to do with this discussion. God has given all people the freedom to choose who they will serve. And you and your husband are certainly free to make that decision for yourself. But as citizens of this country, you are still obligated to obey its laws. And those laws state that in every situation and for any reason, it is always wrong to steal. That is what’s called, ‘a moral absolute’.”
Still indignant, Edith began to say, “Well, I have never heard anything so illogical, so ridiculous, so insane in all my life. I ...” 
But Edith never got the chance to finish her sentence. As Eli pressed his horn more firmly into her shoulder, Gary quietly put his hand on top of his wife’s and firmly squeezed. And even with a string of inflammatory remarks ready to spew out of her mouth, Edith finally got the point. Rolling her eyes in disgust, she reluctantly shut her mouth and sat down. Eli removed his horn and patiently waited for Mr. Simpson’s reply.
Ignoring the whole topic of god, Gary said, “Miss Woodard, since you put it that way, I guess I’m beginning to see your point. Of course, we do not want to encourage our son to break the law. We just want him to be happy and enjoy life, free from the religious constraints and beliefs of others.”
“I was sure you felt that way, Mr. Simpson. Every parent wants their children to be happy,” Trinity replied. “But ‘religion’, as you put it, is not the problem our children need to overcome. The problem that needs to be addressed is the selfish nature of the human heart. And as I said before, this is one of the obstacles my educational methods are designed to address.”
With that statement, Superintendent Mitchell said, “I believe we’ve heard enough. I move for a short recess, while the board discusses the resolution of this matter.”

As the school board left the room, hushed conversations could be heard throughout the gym. At the Simpson table, whispers and worried looks were exchanged. At Trinity’s table, quiet, fervent intercession continued. Less than fifteen minutes had passed when the school board returned to the gym with their judgment. 
“It is the finding of this board that the evidence and testimony given today have failed to prove the Simpson’s allegations of gross misconduct on the part of Miss Trinity Woodard in the execution of her duties as an elementary teacher at this school. We find nothing in the supporting documents submitted to suggest any inappropriate, immoral or illegal behavior on the part of Miss Woodard in these matters as they may pertain to the governing district charter, County School Board of Education, or the laws of the state of Wisconsin. We further find that the instructional methods used by Miss Woodard are appropriate for teaching moral ethics to ten year old students and that such instruction is a vital component to responsible citizenship. Therefore we find no justifiable cause for punitive action of any nature. All requests for such actions made by the Simpsons are denied and summarily dismissed.
“Miss Trinity Woodard is hereby reinstated as an instructor at this school and will resume her teaching duties at the beginning of class on Monday morning.
“In addition, the Sheboygan County School Board of Education wishes to remind the residents of this county and to a greater degree, citizens of this nation, of the crucial role the Ten Commandments played in the formation of this great nation. Our very judicial system, both civil and criminal, was founded upon the biblical principles contained in these laws. Indeed, western civilization in its entirety was established and has prospered and thrived upon the principles derived from these divinely inspired writings.
“Therefore, while the members of this board will neither endorse nor promote one religion over another, neither will we disregard or erase two thousand years of human history in order to please a handful of individuals who happen to disagree with the source and force of these principles.
“Our founding fathers believed that without the timeless truths contained in the Bible, we as a people, as a nation, would not be able to understand the difference between right and wrong. And with no universally accepted moral standard to restrain our actions, this nation would crumble under the egotistical rule of ‘whatever I want, I have a right to do.’ If the Holy Scriptures have been such a guiding force in the lives of presidents from Washington to Lincoln down to presidents of this century, then such words should remain a vital part of the education of students entrusted to our care more than three centuries later.
“Therefore in our attempt to ensure a moral heritage for our children and their posterity, as well as the continuance of a free and prosperous nation consistent with these principles, this board will not prohibit the public display and classroom discussion of the Ten Commandments anywhere on Sheboygan County school property. This meeting is now adjourned.”
With that statement, the room erupted into applause as hundreds of parents stood to their feet, clapping, cheering, and hugging one another in support of the verdict. Others, disgusted by the outcome, hurriedly left the gym in silence. Trinity let out a huge sigh of relief as she reached over and wrapped her arms around both parents at the same time. Smiling at the victory of his client, Kurt Yandel shook hands with Mr. Woodard and then with Pastor Jamison.

“Glory to God in the highest!” was the victory shout of the numerous other-worldly creatures still present in the gym. 
“If you all don’t lower your voices, they will hear you,” Jasmine playfully cautioned. But even with her caution, she had no real desire to hinder the celebrations of her kindred brethren.

Throwing his notes into his brief case and slamming the lid shut, Gary walked straight to the center of the gym to address Cameron Mitchell directly. 
“You realize this is not over. You will be hearing from our lawyer bright and early Monday morning when we sue you and every single member of this school board for violating our son’s constitutional right to freedom from religion. The next time you see me will be in a real court of law!”
He and Edith then stormed out of the building followed by their two legal advocates. Although swarms of reporters were still camped on the sidewalk eagerly waiting to interview those exiting the gymnasium, the Simpsons refused to address anyone from the media. Pushing aside the barrage of microphones and TV cameras being shoved in their faces, they quickly made their way to Gary’s BMW parked around the corner. Once safely inside the brand new automobile, Edith erupted into yet another angry tirade.
“Who does that woman think she is? Embarrassing us like that in front of the entire community. I’ll never be able to show my face again at that school. So much for your hotshot buddies and their brilliant legal strategy! Religion! Ugh! I’m surprised she didn’t try to convince us that angels ‘unaware’ were in the gym during the hearing.”

As the jubilant Woodard family and their supporters exited the building, Yandel paused at the top of the stairs to address the news-hungry reporters. Reading from a short, prepared statement he said, 
“We are pleased to announce the school board found no basis whatsoever for the outrageous charges brought against Trinity Woodard by the Simpson family. Members of the board ruled Miss Woodard was innocent of any wrongdoing in the performance of her duties as a fifth grade teacher. She has therefore been fully reinstated and will resume her educational responsibilities next Monday morning. We will not be answering any questions. Thank you.”
The triumphant group then moved swiftly down the steps through the crowd and onto the sidewalk. Carefully side-stepping chunks of broken glass and trampled garbage, they headed through the cluttered street to what was left of Mr. Woodard’s vehicle. Seeing the extent of the damage, not only to the car but to the entire school campus, a profound sadness began to overshadow the victory celebration. As the group quietly surveyed the massive destruction, Mr. Woodard was the first to break the silence.
“In one day a handful of out-of-town rebels have destroyed what used to be a beautiful school campus. Pretending to care about the needs of children, their cruel and heartless actions have actually caused great pain to those least able to understand why.”
Pausing for further reflection, he softly added, “It’s always the children! It’ll take weeks for the school maintenance crews to clean up this mess, and even longer before the children feel safe again.”
As the group nodded in agreement, Pastor Jamison offered to drive the Woodard family downtown to Stafford Street. Grandpa and Grandma Woodard were already waiting at 52 Stafford Hotel, having made prior arrangements for the group to have dinner at the restaurant after the hearing. 
“Win or lose,” Grandpa Eddie had earlier teased Trinity, “you’ll still need to eat.”
Yandel and his staff had also been invited. Kurt said they would meet up with the party a little later. 
Once everyone was comfortably seated at the restaurant, Pastor Jamison excused himself for a moment. In the lobby he made a quick phone call to Cameron Mitchell, inviting him to join the group celebration.

As Mr. Simpson pulled into his driveway, he pushed the button on the automatic garage door opener, but nothing happened.
“This darn thing is still not working. Edith, I’ve asked you a dozen times to get it fixed. I swear, we’ve been married for fifteen years and you still don’t care about anyone but yourself!”
“If it’s that important to you, you get it fixed!” Edith shot back bitterly. “Just park the darn car on the street for goodness sake. I’m tired and I just want to get into a hot bath with a glass of wine, and then go to bed!”
“What about dinner?” Gary asked. “Your son needs to eat something besides microwave pizza every night!”
Ignoring her husband’s spiteful comment, Edith slammed the car door, stormed up the porch steps and marched like a drill sergeant into the house. Gary followed in silence. Both parents hardly even noticed their son sitting in the living room playing Dragons, Dwarfs and Demons.
But Derrick was fully aware of his parent’s homecoming. He had been on pins and needles all afternoon waiting to hear whether his favorite teacher would be allowed to stay or not. Hearing the front door slam, Derrick threw down the video game controls and followed Gary into his office.
“Dad, what happened? Does Miss Trin get to stay?” Derrick asked his father.
Without looking up, Gary shuffled through the stack of letters on his desk and muttered, “Not for long, son. Not for long.”
Forgetting Derrick was still in the room, Gary then added, “That woman has no idea who she’s dealing with.”
Still standing in the doorway, Derrick continued.
“Dad, Jason Baxter came over after school. Don’t worry. We sat on the steps outside and just talked. He asked me over for dinner tomorrow night. He said I should be there by six o’clock. His mom is making an apple pie especially for me. Can I go? His house is just around the corner.”
Edith was listening to the conversation from the kitchen. As soon as she heard the name, “Jason Baxter” she came running down the hallway towards Derrick shouting, “That boy is not welcomed in this house, Derrick. Ever! Do you hear me?”
“But Mom,” Derrick protested, “Jason and I have become friends. I like him.”
“I don’t care,” his mom retorted. “I don’t want you being friends with anyone from that family and that’s final! Is your homework done?”
“But Mom, if you’ll just listen,” Derrick begged. “Jason told me about someone named, ‘Jesus’ and how he wants to be my forever best friend. He talked to me about a book God wrote called the Bible and I...” but Derrick never got the chance to finish his sentence.
“Has the whole world gone mad!” yelled Edith. “Never mention that name in this house again. And I forbid you to read the Bible or any other such ridiculous lies! Now go to your room. You can go to bed on an empty stomach for listening to such foolishness.”

“I must say Miss Woodard, I was impressed with the way you presented your case for absolute truth at the hearing,” Yandel said as the dinner dishes were being cleared from the table. “You should have been a lawyer.”
Pastor Jamison chimed in, “I couldn’t agree more. God has honored your faith, Trinity, and protected your position. I can’t wait to see how the Lord will use this victory for His glory in the days ahead.”
“Oh there is no question it was a significant victory,” Grandpa Eddie thoughtfully added. “But the battle is far from over. The enemies of the Christ are still on the move. And I suspect we have not heart the last of Mrs. Edith Simpson.”
“One day at time, Ed,” replied Pastor Jamison. “One day at a time.”
“Well, as far as my wife and I are concerned,” said a beaming Mr. Woodard as he leaned over and kissed his daughter on the cheek, “We could not be more proud of you Trinity. You will always be #1 in our book.”
Grinning from ear to ear, Grandma Rose then added, “And from now on, I think we’ll have to call you the “Truthful, Tender Teacher.” 
Everyone at the table laughed as the restaurant staff served the group coffee and dessert.

It took Cameron almost an hour to work his way through the crowds of well-wishers, disgruntled parents, and news-hungry reporters. When he finally unlocked the door to his Honda Pilot and sat down in the front seat, he heard his cell phone vibrating. Remembering he had put the sound on “mute” during the hearing, he reached inside his briefcase to see who was calling. It was Laura. He could tell this was her fourth call within the past hour. He put the phone back in his briefcase, left the ringer on “mute” and drove to 52 Stafford Hotel.

“Tender Teacher gets to keep her job,” were the headlines in the Friday evening edition of the Plymouth Press. 
The front page of the evening Sheboygan Sun Review read, “Plymouth teacher reinstated.” 
“What happened to truth in America?” were the headlines on the cover of one national newspaper. The article, written by A.W. Ryak, a freelance reporter from Washington DC, stated, “We live in an age when society is telling people individual pleasures are the gods of the new world. While decrying the evils of so-called religion, many today are embracing a new deity of their own making; a deity who will allow them to pursue their personal passions without restraints, regardless of the consequences to themselves or others.”
Plastered on the cover of the evening edition of the Madison Capitol News, were the words, “Atheists demand change.” The lengthy article went on to state, “Following the decision today of the Plymouth School board to reinstate the embattled teacher, Miss Trinity Woodard, a Christian, atheists nationwide agree that religion is to blame for the decline of individual freedoms in American. And tomorrow, from around the country, they will make their voices heard on the steps of the state capitol as concerned citizens rally legislators for immediate action.” The article, signed “Edith Simpson, Political Action Editor,” went on to discuss the evils of religion in great detail. 

Around ten o’clock that evening, Cameron placed a call to Laura Van Husen. He knew he would find her still at the gala. He also knew that she would probably have consumed a considerable amount of alcohol by that hour. But in good conscious, he could no longer postpone what he knew had to be said. 
“Cameron! Where have you been?” answered the obviously upset and predictably intoxicated woman. “I’ve called you like twelve times since the hearing ended.”
“I’m sorry Laura. I told you it would be a crazy day,” Cameron replied.
“I heard all about the board’s decision. And I have to tell you, daddy…”
But Cameron interrupted her. “Laura, I’m really tired and don’t want to discuss it right now.”
“Ok, sweetie, maybe later. So… are you coming over the party? I’d really like to see you tonight.”
Cameron could hear the laughter of the crowd and the sound of loud music in the background. 
“No, I’m already home and think I’ll just turn in for the night.”
“But Cammie, I miss you. Will I see you on the golf course Sunday morning, then? The Governor and his wife are joining daddy for a round of golf. Tee offs at 8 am.”
Cameron hesitated for a moment then said, “Laura, I can’t make it on Sunday. I’m going to church.”
“Church? You’re not serious. Have you gone over to the ‘dark side’?” she teased.
“Very funny, Laura. I’ve been thinking about it for some time now. It’s important to me and I’m going.” 
There was an awkward silence between the two for several moments. Cameron could hear Laura whispering to someone on the other end of the line. It sounded like a man’s voice. Then with sharp sarcasm she finally said, “Well, I’m surprised at you Cameron Mitchell! I really am. I thought you were stronger than that, but I guess I was wrong.”
“I’ve been wrong too, Laura. About a lot of things,” replied Cameron. “And I think it’s best for us to stop seeing each other. Laura… we’re just on two very different paths. We just don’t want the same things in life. I’m sure you will be happy. And I’m sure your father will have no problem getting elected governor without my help. With all my heart, I wish you the best. Good bye Laura.”
Chapter 8 - Who Cares?
“Papa, does not their rebellion break your heart?” asked the Servants of Salvation.
A voice from the midst of the throne called out saying, “They sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, bound in affliction and irons because they rebelled against the words of God. Oh how quickly I would break their chains if they would only give thanks to the LORD for His goodness, and for His wonderful works to the children of men.”

Late Friday night, a major thunder storm system settled over the skies of eastern Wisconsin. High winds and hail were forecasted throughout the entire weekend. Tornado watches were issued for Sheboygan, Manitowoc, Kewaunee, and Door counties until Saturday morning. 
Around eleven-thirty, a particularly strong cell of thunder clouds traveled through the eastern part of Sheboygan County. Massive flashes of lightning lite up the nighttime sky like a 4th of July celebration. Many ground strikes were reported to local authorities. 
As the storm intensified, a bolt of lightning struck the four-story building in Sheboygan where Gary Simpson’s law office was located. The bolt first struck the metal lightning rod on the roof and then traveled down to the first floor reception area igniting a fire near the elevator. Local firefighters were on the scene within minutes. Fortunately, they were able to put out the fire before it spread to any of the other offices. 
Back in the town of Plymouth, a blaze erupted on the north side of the Plymouth Press facility when a bolt of lightning came crashing to earth just outside the Press Room. Glass shattered outward towards the street and debris was scattered hundreds of feet along Constitution Avenue. It was several minutes before an over-worked fire crew arrived on the scene. Substantial damage was done to the building before flames could be fully extinguished.
But it wasn’t until golf ball sized hail began falling near the Random River Golf Course that the Van Husen party decided to call it a night. With frozen balls of ice pounding the golf course, guests were sent home, while the Van Husen party retired to their rooms at the nearby Discovery Inn. The senior Van Husen and the governor met in the lounge for one last private conversation before ending their day. 
The golf course, however, was not the only area being pelted by the hail. Parked cars throughout downtown Plymouth sustained damages as well. Windshields were broken, rooftops dented, and car alarms blared until their batteries died. Several buildings near George Washington Square also sustained damage as the storm hovered over the area much of the night.

Moments before lightning struck the Press building, Victor Underwood left his darkened office clutching his laptop, an overstuffed cardboard box, and a briefcase bulging with additional papers. Hurrying down the empty hallway, he pressed the elevator button. Descending to the first level of the parking garage under the building, Victor used his remote door opener to unlock the doors of his black Mercedes while he was yet a good distance from the vehicle. In his haste to reach the car, the box he was carrying slipped out of his hand and fell to the pavement. Manila folders and stacks of papers on company letterhead were scattered across the concrete.

A small contingent of Khan’s Liars encircled their prisoner. They knew he was absolutely oblivious to their presence and the demonic powers controlling his life. His spiritual blindness made the evil tormentors all the more brazen. Like a spider tormenting a fly caught in its’ web, Deceptive Ones moved towards their prey. Wildly they laughed as two demons lunged forward and yanked the box out of Victor’s arms, flinging its contents across the floor of the garage. And like hungry beasts ready to pounce, they howled with delight as Victor’s eyes filled with terror at the sight of files marked, “Confidential” haphazardly strewn across the stone-cold pavement. 

Victor quickly surveyed the scene and decided he would only retrieve those documents he could put his hands on quickly. He knew he didn’t have much time. Picking up the box and dropping to his knees, Victor began to scoop up what he could of the incriminating papers. As he did, one of the demons pushed his body backward onto the pavement. The back of Victor’s head hit the paved hard. Holding the back of his head with one hand, he regained his footing and yelled, “Who’s there? Come out where I can see you!”
Turning around and around desperately searching for a glimpse of his unseen assailant in the piercing darkness, he saw no one. All of the sudden he felt something brush up against the back of his neck. Cringing he screamed, “Stay away from me!” 
Terrified, he then reached down and grabbed his laptop and briefcase. Leaving the box and scattered papers where they lay, he ran towards the car. Quickly putting his belongings into the trunk, he slammed the lid shut then hurried to the driver’s side of the vehicle. As he opened the car door, he turned to see two gigantic, horse-like figures running towards him. 
“No!” he screamed. “Leave me alone!”
In that moment, Underwood heard a loud crack of thunder, followed moments later by the sound of an explosion in the building above. The entire structure was shaken as the massive lightning bolt hit its mark. Ignoring what he instinctively knew had just occurred, the guilt-stricken publisher jumped inside his car. Locking all the doors, he turned on the engine. With the headlights now providing a small degree of comfort in the darkened garage, Victor sighed heavily. Tightly clutching the steering wheel with both hands, he put his head on the wheel, closed his eyes and in anguish cried out, 
“What have I done?” 
But realizing this was not the time for regrets Victor put the vehicle in reverse, backed out of his labeled parking spot then drove towards the garage exit. As he followed the arrows around the last concrete pillar, he spotted the opening leading to the street outside. 
 “Finally,” he said relieved. 
But before his car could reach the exit, the accelerator suddenly stuck. With the pedal pressed to the floor, the wheel began to turn sharply to the right. Panic again gripped Victor as he realized someone or something else was in control of his automobile. He looked up and gasped. The car was headed at full speed straight towards the cement wall, not the exit. He let go of the wheel and threw up his arms in front of his face screaming, “God help me!” 

His heartfelt plea for heaven’s intervention was what Captain Aza’s troops had been waiting to hear. Having received strike orders, Radiant Ones now sprang into action. From their hiding places in the attic, four teams of two dropped down through the ceiling into the garage below. They landed in each corner of the basement, taking the enemy completely by surprise. At the same time, from the windows of the abandoned warehouse across the street, another group of angelic warriors flew in through the parking garage entrance and took up their positions between Victor and his attackers. And from their hiding place near the dumpster in the alley behind the building, three Healers flew straight through the thick concrete wall into the garage, stopping directly in front of Victor’s Mercedes. In the blink of an eye, Holy Ones then extended their massive wings over the frightened human, creating a protective shield of light around hell’s intended victim. The out-of-control vehicle immediately came to halt. Neither the car not its occupant were injured. 
In a flash of light, the garage was then filled with a holy, white radiance. Temporarily blinded by the full force of heaven’s presence, the demonic unicorns screamed in agony. Trying to shield their eyes from the painful brilliance, Khan’s soldiers turned away. As they did, a glistening, steel-like fish net descended through the concrete ceiling above their heads. Falling upon the wicked creatures, the mesh clung to their black flesh like sticky tar. The more they struggled, the more entangled they became. 
No longer able to stand, the four-legged demons fell to their knees. As they did, their bodies began to shrink. The smaller they became, the heavier the net became. The heavier the net, the faster they shrunk. When their bodies were the size of an ordinary field mouse, a small, deep crack in the concrete floor appeared beneath their tiny hooves. The crack grew until it was about a foot wide. Fire from deep within the earth began to slowly rise. As the red-hot flames grew, the edges of the silvery net were lifted up releasing its prisoners. Satan’s servants plummeted into the fiery pit below. As quickly as the crack had appeared, it closed, sealing forever the entrance to the prison cells of hell.

Victor sat wide-eyed, still trembling for several minutes. It wasn’t until his heart stopped racing and normal breathing was restored that he realized he was still alive. Starting his car once again, Victor Underwood slowly drove out of the parking garage. Turning left at the first stop light, he nervously looked in his rear view mirror, fearful he may still be followed. Although he saw no one, he did see the flames growing inside the Press Room. Heading out of town, west towards Minneapolis, he repeatedly mumbled, “Please God…just let me make it to Canada!” 
As Victor fled, he was unaware of the Holy Healers who accompanied him. Commissioned to preserve his life, they flew directly above and beside his automobile. When he moved, they moved. When he stopped, they stopped. When he slept, they stood guard. 

It was well past midnight when Gary still agitated from the dozens of disturbing emails and phone calls throughout the day entered his bedroom. Edith was already in bed. The room was dark and quiet, except for the crows. 
“Blast those crows!” he muttered just loud enough to annoy his wife. “They’re back and this time it looks like they’ve brought every bird in Wisconsin with them! I’ve never seen so many crows in one place.”
“Who cares? Just turn out the light and go to sleep,” Edith said coldly.
Gary put on his pajamas and sat quietly on the edge of the bed for a moment then choosing his words carefully said, “Edith, my partners reviewed practically every evening newspaper in the country to gauge the public’s response to today’s hearing. I just read an email with their feedback.”
Edith turned her back towards her husband but said nothing. Raising her head slightly she fluffed her pillow with one fist then nervously adjusted the blankets covering her shoulders.  
Gary continued. “Edith, did you really think I wouldn’t see your piece in the Madison Capital News? When did you write that article?”
Once again his wife raised her head and fluffed her pillow. Then subtly stiffening her neck and back she asked, “Why?”
“Why?” Gary said raising his voice. “I’ve been with you ever since we left the school. Yet this article was practically in print on our doorstep by the time we got home. You knew what the outcome of the hearing would be, didn’t you? You knew in the car on the way home. You knew before we ever set foot in that gym that we would loose and yet you never once let me in on your little secret!”
Callous and undaunted, Edith coldly replied, “Well, some of us are in the know and some of us are not.” 
The words were barely out of her mouth when a loud clap of thunder rumbled directly above the Simpson home. The sound was so loud, windows and doors rattled up and down Mocking Bird Lane. Within seconds, finger lightning flashed across the midnight sky. The lamp sitting on Gary’s night table flickered and went out. 

As darkness settled over the Simpson home, storm clouds hovering over Plymouth began again to release their heavy load. Like buckets of water falling from the sky, torrential rains continued throughout the night. And as the water descended, hell’s army rose in celebration. 
Confident his holy opponents had fled, Commander Khan led the revelry. Like staggering drunkards intoxicated with the powers of darkness, he and his troops danced on top of the Simpson roof. The eerie rhythm of their pounding hooves disrupted the sleep of residents up and down Mocking Bird Lane all the way to the end of the cul-de-sac.
As gusts of wind uprooted trees, downed power lines, and ripped shudders from their hinges, soldiers of destruction leapt back and forth between the brick chimney and treetops in the Simpson’s front yard singing the ancient songs of death. With every clap of thunder and crack of lightning, devilish creatures howled like tormented wild animals. And in the cloak of darkness, Lying Spirits shouted praises to the Prince of Lies.

Derrick hardly slept a wink that night. The violent strength of the storm raging outside seemed louder and scarier than any other storm he could remember. And just when he was finally about to drift off to sleep, the whispers began. They were terrifying, animal-like growls which seemed to be coming from somewhere in his room. Yet each time Derrick sat up, wide-eyed searching for their source, the only thing he saw were shadowy images of distorted crows and wolves on the walls and on the ceiling. 
At some point his eyes finally did close. Yet even in his dreams, the torment continued. Grotesque demons and dragons flew above his head. With every clap of thunder, creatures that looked like characters from his video game shouted and lunged towards his face. In his dream he saw himself trying to call out to his parents for help, but no sound would come out of his mouth. He was terrified, but couldn’t do anything to stop their attacks.  

With devilish delight, hell’s warriors danced and swirled around Jason’s bed in the cover of darkness. When they weren’t invading the dreams of their helpless, sleeping prey, they shouted aloud songs declaring the glories of lies, fear, and despair, reveling in their power to destroy puny mortals. And they especially reveled at the imminent destruction of the Simpson family. 

Gary tossed and turned all night. In brief moments when slumber overtook him, he too was tormented with cruel nightmares. He dreamed he was standing in his law office in Sheboygan looking at a stack of files on his desk. He heard his cell phone ring and was overwhelmed a sense of urgency to answer the call. Yet he couldn’t find his cell phone anywhere. In a frantic attempt to locate his phone, he threw legal briefings on the floors, yanked open desk drawers and overturned furniture, but to no avail. The sound of the ringing phone kept getting louder and louder until Gary thought he’d go crazy. He was afraid he would never be able to answer what he instinctively knew was a critical call.
Another time, he dreamed he was sitting at his computer in his home office reading a series of emails. He opened one from a business associate marked, “Confidential.” When he opened the email, all he saw were dollar signs next to his name in bold letters. He opened another email marked, “Personal.” The words in the second message simple stated, “Thou shall not lie. Thou shall not steal.” The sender was listed as, “Anonymous.” 
But the most troubling dream of all was his dream about Derrick. Gary saw himself walking down the hall into his son’s room in the dead of night. He expected to find Derrick sleeping peacefully in his bed. But as he got closer to the pillow, he realized Derrick was not in his bed. All of the sudden he heard loud weeping coming from somewhere inside the room. He turned to see a faint image of his son huddled in the darkness on the floor, moaning and sobbing uncontrollably. When Gary reached out his arms towards Derrick to comfort him, a huge black, animal-like creature suddenly stood between him and his son. 
Desperate to rescue his only child, Gary repeatedly tried to find a way around the shadowy creature. But with every attempt he was picked up by the throat and thrown across the room. Landing on the floor, images of his life would then race through his mind like a video being replayed over and over again. He woke up terrified, covered in sweat, wondering what in the world was happening to his career, his family, his marriage, his soul. 

Edith was the only one in the Simpson house who slept soundly Friday night. Exhilarated by thoughts of what lay ahead, she slept without a care in the world. She dreamed of seeing her portrait on the cover of Newsweek magazine. She dreamt she was standing outside on the upper-most step of the Madison Capital News corporate office waving to crowds of people cheering her achievements. Edith dreamt she was looking out the window of her plush, new penthouse office. But it was watching herself dance around her desk with a glass of champagne in her hand, basking in the tantalizing sense of power and freedom that brought a smile to the sleeping face of Mrs. Simpson.

Khan’s minions sat comfortably on the floor on Edith’s side of the bed. They too were filled with an exhilarating satisfaction knowing the future of their captive was secure. And despite the momentary set-backs of the day, hell knew there was always tomorrow. 

Gary was the first one out of bed Saturday morning. Putting on a pair of comfortable jeans and a sweat shirt, he quietly closed the bedroom door so as not to arouse his wife and then went downstairs. Delighted to find the power had been restored, he made a pot of coffee and retrieved the Saturday morning edition of the Plymouth Press from the front porch. Pouring himself a cup of freshly brewed coffee, Gary then retreated to his office and closed the door. 
Derrick came downstairs about 7:30 am and heard his father, already pounding away on his computer keyboard. Since it was very quiet upstairs, Derrick figured his mother was either still in bed or also working in her upstairs office with the door shut. So taking his bowl of Cocoa Puffs into the living room, Derrick turned on the television just in time to see the beginning of The Scooby Doo Mystery Hour. 
Other than the sound of occasional laughter coming from the living room as Derrick watched a series of Saturday morning cartoon shows, the Simpson home was unusually quiet until around noon. During a commercial break, Derrick got up and went into the kitchen to make himself a quick sandwich for lunch. 
With his head in the refrigerator searching for the bologna, Derrick heard his mother come down the stairs. She marched straight into Gary’s office and slammed the door behind her. Even behind closed doors, Derrick could hear the arguing. Their angry voices got louder and louder as the verbal fighting continued. With the refrigerator door still open, tears began to run down his cheeks as he listened. Moments later the door to Gary’s office flung open and Edith emerged, still dressed in her pajamas. Without a word to Derrick, she hurried back up stairs and once again disappeared inside her office. 
Using a portion of his long-sleeved t-shirt, Derrick wiped the tears from his face and silently went back to the task at hand. Spreading some mustard onto the white bread, he then put two pieces of meat on one slice and a handful of sliced pickles on the other. With sandwich in hand, he went back into the living room so he could catch the tail end of Sponge Bob.
Derrick finished his sandwich then turned on Dragons, Dwarfs and Demons. He was no longer in the mood for cartoons. Immersed in an electronic war between good and evil, Derrick was alone in the living room until 3:30 pm when the doorbell rang. Opening the door, he was surprised to find Jason standing on the front porch. 
“Hi, Jason, what’re you doing here?” asked Derrick.
“Hey Derrick,” Jason replied with a smile. “My mom sent me over to ask if you could come over for dinner tonight. Remember? She tried calling your house to square it with your mom, but the phone’s been busy all morning. Do ya think we could ask her now?” 
Derrick started to answer saying, “Well, I don’t think now would be a good time to ask cause…” 
But he was interrupted by his mother who had unexpectedly come downstairs and was now standing behind him in the entryway. Edith grabbed her son by the arm, and pulled him away from the door. Turning quickly towards Jason, she yelled, “Young man, I don’t ever want to see you here again!” 
Edith then slammed the door in Jason’s face. Turning to Derrick she waved her arms in the air and yelled, “The nerve of those people, using their son to brainwash mine!”
Protesting Derrick yelled back. “But mom, I don’t understand why you don’t like Jason? He’s really nice and he’s the only friend I’ve had for a long time.”
But Edith raised a flat-palmed hand in Derrick’s face, and said, “Enough! You are never to see that boy again, and that’s final!” With that she turned and hurried back upstairs to her office once again slamming the door, this time with such force the downstairs windows rattled.
Derrick looked out the living room window and watched in silence as Jason walked away. A few moments later, he returned to the make-believe world of dungeons and dragons, trying hard to forget his overwhelming sense of loneliness. He did not see his mother for the rest of the day.
Sometime after six o’clock, Gary briefly emerged from his place of refuge. Handing Derrick some cash, he said, “It’s for the Pizza Hut delivery boy when he gets here.” Gary quickly retreated back into his office. 
Minutes later the doorbell rang. Derrick was delighted when he discovered his father had added hot wings and Coke to the order. He loved hot wings, but then realized they were probably not for him. Carrying the boxes into the kitchen Derrick thought, “Well, at least it’s not frozen pizza.” He carefully placed a couple slices of hot pepperoni pizza on a plate, poured some coke in a glass and then returned to the living room. Flipping on the TV he changed the channel to HBO just in time for the Saturday night movie of the week special, War of the Worlds.
Derrick was about half way through his first slice of pizza when he overheard his father speaking to someone on the phone. Derrick could tell his father was very angry at something or someone. Unaware that he’d left the door slightly ajar, Gary did not know his son could clearly hear every word. 
 “You can’t be serious!” Gary shouted as he paced from one corner of his desk to the other. “If this is some kind of joke, I’m not laughing…But that was not our deal. You know as well as I what’s happening here. You can’t possibly hold me responsible for…but…now wait just a minute! What? Ok, fine! I get it. If this is the firm’s position then let me tell you, two can play that game. I’ll be in to clear out my office first thing Monday morning.”

Pastor Jamison had been troubled in his spirit all day. He spent much of his time studying the scriptures in preparation for his Sunday message. Yet ever since the hearing had ended on Friday, he had been unable to get the Simpson family off his mind. He just couldn’t seem to shake a sense of urgency to pray for the family. He sensed a tremendous spiritual battle was brewing in their home. After dinner, he shared his concerns with his wife. Mrs. Jamison had sensed a similar urgency. After an extended time of prayer together, the pastor and his wife decided it was time to activate the church’s e-prayer chain. 
“Honey, alert the Woodard family as well, would you?” Jamison said to his wife. “And call Calvary Chapel Madison and Pastor Rick in Green Bay also. They’ll know what to do. Oh, and would you also see if you can reach that church in Bayfield? I forget the pastor’s name. For some reason, I think they should be brought up to speed on what’s been happening.”

Intercessory prayers began ascending within the hour. In churches and homes from Milwaukee all the way north to Sturgeon Bay on the peninsula, saints of God were on their knees on behalf of the Simpson family. By seven o’clock prayers and petitions were being lifted to heaven in cities from Sheboygan to Seattle and from Chicago to Washington, DC. Many committed to fast and pray throughout the night, waiting on the Lord to direct their payers. The prayer teams understood the importance of what had happened in Plymouth that week. And those with spiritual insight knew all too well what was at stake. 

Shortly after 8:00 pm Pastor Jamison picked up the phone and entered the cell number for Gary Simpson. The phone rang several times with no answer. Jamison waited for the beep, and then left a lengthy voice mail message. 

An angry and distraught Gary heard the phone ring. He saw the caller’s name flash across the LCD screen on the answering machine. He listened intently as the now familiar voice left his message. Gary did not pick up or return the call.

Trinity Rose had spent most of Saturday in peaceful reflection and preparation for her return to class on Monday. Wanting to reply to a long list of emails, she had been online when the e-prayer request was sent out by the Jamisons. Like so many other Christian brothers and sisters, she too devoted the remainder of the evening to praying for the Simpsons, especially Derrick. 

Jasmine remained on alert inside the Woodard home throughout the night while her sisters patrolled the grounds of Glory Meadows. Meanwhile Prince Eli secured the territory around his new post, as heaven had decreed. Both he and his angelic comrades knew complete deliverance was yet to come.  

War of the Worlds ended just after nine o’clock. Derrick turned off the television and the downstairs lights. He could still see a light coming from underneath the door of his father’s study, but decided it best not to disturb him. Derrick got into his pajamas, brushed his teeth then crawled into bed. He waited a little while before turning out the lights, still hoping someone would check in on him or at least holler down the hallway, “Good night.” 
But no one came and no one spoke. Turning out his bedside lamp, he said, “I could be dead for all they care.”
But as the darkness settled in his room, he began to hear doors slamming and footsteps stomping up and down the stairs once again. He pulled the blankets over his head trying to hid from the pain of what he knew was coming. But it was no use. After some garbled comments Derrick could not quite understand, he began to clearly hear the conversation coming from his parent’s bedroom.

“Enough already, Edith! Enough! Can’t we just go to sleep now?” shouted Gary, exasperated and exhausted.
“Fine by me!” Edith snapped back, yanking the blankets away from her husband. Pausing a moment, she then added, “And let me tell you something else. After fifteen years of marriage, you finally got something right. It is enough. I’m through! Through with you and through with this marriage!” 
Chapter 9 – Heaven responds
A voice from heaven proclaimed, “And these will wage war against the Lamb, and the Lamb will overcome them, because He is Lord of lords and King of kings, and those who are with Him are chosen and faithful.” 

Derrick lay absolutely still in his bed as tears rolled down his cheeks. He wanted to run into his parent’s room and somehow make them stop arguing. But he knew he would only get into trouble and nothing would change. “Why do they always have to fight? Don’t they love each other anymore? What if they split up like Melissa’s mom and dad? What will happen to me then?”

The devilish pair assigned to torment the young Simpson boy howled in delight. As despair sank deeper and deeper into the heart of their innocent prey, the demonic duo leapt back and forth from one corner of the room to the other. They jumped from the floor to the top of the bookcase near the door. With fangs dripping with saliva, they swooped down towards Derrick’s head. As they did, a gleaming white net fell down through the ceiling and landed directly on top of the attackers. The unsuspecting pair was forced to their knees as the massive steel-like net pressed harder and harder against their struggling bodies. Before they were able to cry for help, the would-be assassins were crushed beneath the weight of heaven’s web. Pressed through the carpet and into the wooden floor boards, their hellish bodies dissolved until nothing remained except a small, cross-shaped image burned into the carpet fibers. 
Two Radiant warriors quickly spread their wings over Derrick’s bed, creating a protective shield over the troubled, human soul. A holy, soft white light drove out the dark shadows scattered throughout the room as heaven began to worship. Instead of tormenting whispers, sweet songs of deliverance could now be heard by those with ears to hear. 

Derrick stopped crying. The terrible, twisting pain in the pit of his stomach was gone. “Jesus,” he said softly. He wasn’t using the name as a curse word like his mother frequently did. Neither was it a desperate cry for help. Not really. It was just a name, a special name which for some reason came into his mind. 
“I remember now,” Derrick thought. “Jason said whenever I was afraid I could ask Jesus for help.” Derrick sat up not knowing exactly why or what to do next. Then as best as he knew how, he began to talk out loud to Jesus, as if Jesus were a real person sitting next to him at the end of the bed.
“Jesus,” Derrick whispered again not wanting his parents to hear, “I don’t know you and I’m not really sure if you know me either. But Jason says you’re real and not just some make-believe character like those in my video games. If that’s true and…like Jason said…you really do know what’s been going on around here lately, would you please help my parents stop fighting. Would you help my mother to not hate Jason so much so that we can be friends? And if I’m not bugging you too much, would you let Miss Trin still be my teacher?”

Having received their call to arms, holy warriors secretly stationed in and around 666 Mocking Bird Lane sprang into action. From the corner of the living room, Captain Aza and her sisters flew straight up and out the brick chimney and stood on the sidewalk west of the home across the street. Winged angels stationed underneath the work bench in the garage flew out the side windows and took their place on the pavement to the east of the residence. Angels hiding underneath the swimming pool cover in the back yard flew out from under all sides of the heavy, blue plastic and joined their army along the roadway directly in front of the Simpson home. Assembled and battle ready, Holy Healers then waited in silence as they faced their enemy. 
Khan arose from his perch on the branches of a hundred year old maple tree in the yard next door to the Simpson residence. Causally gliding to the top of a telephone pole further down the street, he surveyed the enemy standing curiously silent before him. Grinning, the sly commander then chuckled and whispered, “At last…we’ve lured heaven from her slumber.”
Khan slowly extended his massive, jet black wings and in his usual grandiose style, glided down to the intersection of Mocking Bird and Raven Court. Brazen, he thrust back his shoulders, raised his head high and roared, “Fools! They think us unprepared. Let heaven now see the full power of our Prince as we crush them forever. Demons…to battle!”
Scores of demons occupying homes in the surrounding neighborhoods emerged, swiftly circled overhead, and then as if in slow motion, glided down to the intersection next to their commander. Destructive Ones resting on power lines and fence posts took to the skies, circling several times over the Simpson’s home before they too gathered on the asphalt alongside their leader. Before long, demonic warriors from as far south as the funeral home on Hwy 67 had joined their comrades. Like ravenous, blood-thirsty wolves, they too awaited strike orders from their Commander-in-Chief.
Relishing his moment of glory, Khan paused once again as he carefully surveyed his ancient enemy. Inwardly laughing at the short-sightedness of Captain Aza, he thought, “They are outnumbered ten-to-one, and this is only a fraction of those who will join us in battle this day. So much for their all-knowing king.” Intoxicated with images of angelic annihilation, he shouted, “To battle!”
As hell’s army advanced, Captain Aza and her regiment took to the sky in flight away from the Simpson home. As they fled, Khan’s troops followed in close pursuit. The two armies flew in mass north through the downtown area, past Plymouth Elementary school, over Discovery Inn, and then turned eastward towards Union Cemetery on the outskirts of Plymouth. 
Fast and furious Khan continued his chase, driving the Holy Healers east towards the Sheboygan County Memorial Airport. Just as the heaven’s warriors reached the sky over the baggage terminal, wave upon wave of demonic fiends began to appear along the entire length of the runway. A split second later, like clouds of black locust, a mass of sinister soldiers appeared in the skies over the airport. Hell’s massive army could be seen on the horizon as far as Black Wolf Run Golf Course near the Sheboygan city limits.
The exuberant commander flew ahead of his army and stood beside Major Zanti who was waiting at the end of the runway. “I told you my plan would work,” declared the battle-seasoned warrior to his superior officer. 
Nodding his head in agreement as he surveyed hell’s army, Zanti pressed his lips together tightly and replied, “So you did, Khan. So you did. The General will be impressed. He will join us soon to the north as planned. Remember our orders. Under no circumstances are we to engage heaven in direct combat until they reach Crystal Falls. Once Diablos is certain the slaughter is complete, he will deliver the victory report. And Khan…one more thing. You do know the cost of failure at this point, right?”
Commander Khan turned to face his major. Looking him straight in the eye he replied, “Victory is ours this day. Our great prince will be enthroned before daybreak. Praise his unholy name!”
Turning towards his evil comrades now assembled on the runway, Khan took a deep breath, raised his head and single, black horn high into the sky and with a voice that shattered glass in the windows of nearby terminal buildings, roared, “For hell’s glory!”
But before fragments of broken glass even hit the pavement, Captain Aza’s forces were once again in flight. In a singular winged formation, angelic warriors retreated north along Interstate 43, past Manitowoc toward Green Bay. Radiant Ones flew past Dead Horse Bay and then crossed over the Machickanee Flowage as they continued their northward retreat.  
With Major Zanti in the lead and Commander Khan at his side, hell’s enormous army took to the skies in a massive pursuit. The air was so thick with supernatural beings, car alarms, building security alarms systems, and highway patrol car lights along their path were activated. Local air traffic control began to see several unexplainable blips on their radar screens. Even the NASA team at Spaceport Sheboygan began tracking the unidentified objects with great interest as the supernatural confrontation continued dangerously close to restricted military air space. 

Angelic watchers raised the trumpets to their lips. The blast of their call was heard as far north as Thunder Bay. “Brethren, His time has come!” announced Major Cyrus.
“Amen and Amen!” shouted the assembled armies of heaven. “To battle…for the LORD Almighty alone reigns!”

It started outside the home directly across the street from the Simpson’s. In a burst of magnificent white light, Truthful Ones flew out from the basement windows underneath the front porch. Before the small contingent of Khan’s remaining soldiers even knew what hit them, it was too late. Angelic warriors stormed the Simpson house and captured every remaining demon on the property. Hopelessly outnumbered, their unearthly bodies were then cut into pieces and thrown into the swimming pool in the back yard. Like lead boulders, their remains quickly sank to the bottom and mysteriously vanished down the pool’s drain pipe. 
Once the Simpson home had been secured, four-footed holy warriors rushed out of several homes in the immediate neighborhood. Not far away, angelic unicorns came out from the senior Woodard’s home on River Bend Drive, just east of the Myers Nature Park. Winged warriors emerged from the woods at Glory Meadows and from the Henry estate.
Throughout the entire town of Plymouth, wave after wave of heavenly warriors emerged from their hiding places. They flew out from the attics and basements of stores and businesses along the downtown section of Constitution Avenue. They came out from behind the old judge’s bench in the courthouse museum on Washington Way. An innumerable heavenly host came out from the sanctuary at Calvary Church of Plymouth and from the damaged classrooms of the high school wing. And from inside the gym of Plymouth Elementary School, thousands of kindred hearts rushed to answer the holy battle cry.
Major Cyrus assembled heaven’s army over Mill’s Pond then gathered his military leaders in the parking lot at Calvary Church. After a brief discussion regarding confidential, tactical battle plans, he then sent the mighty warriors on to Mill’s Pond. He also sent a top secret communique for Captain Aza on ahead to the prearranged rendezvous point. With wings like the wind, heaven’s messenger flew west to Rochester, then straight north.

Gary had just reached over to turn off the lamp beside his bed when he heard the sound of breaking glass. The car alarm on his BMW, which had been parked in front of the house earlier in the day, was blaring and the security lights in front of the house had been activated.
“Edith, wake up! Someone’s breaking into the car! Call the police!” Gary yelled frantically.
Grabbing his robe, Gary ran downstairs, flung open the front door and bolted down the porch steps. But by the time he reached the street, the carjacker had already vanished. Gary then opened the car door on the driver’s side and disconnected the security alarm. Trying to catch his breath, he then surveyed the damage to his vehicle. 
The entire windshield was shattered and both side windows were laying in pieces on the pavement. Glass was everywhere. Exposed wires were dangling from the dashboard where the radio and CD player had been. The glove box door had been thrown out the passenger window and the contents scattered on the floor below. He could see that several music CD’s were missing. Derrick’s IPod and headphones were also gone, as well as Edith’s laptop computer which she had left on the back seat after the hearing.
“Man, oh man!” Gary said. “What a mess! I hope the police catch the crook who took all this stuff.”
The words were barely out of his mouth, when he heard a voice behind him saying, “What’s the crime, Gary? No one was hurt, right? The thief just saw something he wanted and he took it. He had a great time smashing your windows. You made his day! And besides, what gives you the right to judge his actions?”
Gary spun around to see who had spoken to him, but discovered there wasn’t a human being in sight. All of the sudden he was overcome with fear and a terrifying feeling that someone or something he could not see was standing very close. Chills ran down his spine. The hair on the back of his neck stood on end as he realized some unseen force was with him on the sidewalk outside his own home. 

Major Cyrus confidently winked at the small gathering of Holy Watchers standing nearby. He, like his comrades, knew the conscious of Gary Simpson had been stirred from slumber. Truthful Ones also made silent intercession for Mrs. Simpson, painfully aware that her fate was as yet uncertain. 

Just then a Highway Patrol car pulled into the driveway. By this time, both Edith and Derrick were standing next to Gary on the sidewalk surveying the destruction. 
“Is everyone ok?” Officer Todd asked Mr. Simpson. “Was anyone hurt?”
“No, no one was hurt officer, unless you call being scared half out of your wits ‘hurt’!” Edith replied sarcastically.
“Looks like it may have been quite a heist! Do you have a list of the stolen items, Mr. Simpson?” the officer asked Gary.
After a long pause, Gary replied, “On second thought, Officer Todd, I don’t think that will be necessary. The items stolen were not worth much and can easily be replaced. You don’t need to make a report about this. I’m sure you have more dangerous criminals to pursue at this time of night. Sorry to have bothered you and thanks for coming.”
“What do you mean, you are not going to press charges?” yelled Edith. 
“Edith, be quiet and go back inside!” Gary said sternly. “We’ll discuss this in the house.”
Turning to the Highway Patrol officer, Gary once again said, “Thank you and good night Officer Todd.”
With that Gary took Edith firmly by the arm and escorted her back in the house. Once inside, Gary sat his wife and son down on the couch in the living room and said, “Don’t you get it? This is exactly what Miss Woodard was talking about at the hearing yesterday, Edith. How can we press charges against a car thief, and at the same time demand that no one hold our own son responsible for his wrongdoing…or for that matter excuse our own behavior during those proceedings? What are we doing, Edith? Where did we go wrong?”
Looking at Derrick, he said, “Son, go to bed. We’ll talk more about this in the morning."  
Derrick crawled back into bed while his mother stomped up the stairs in silence. Gary paused to take a final look at his damaged car, then once again locked the front door and turned out the downstairs lights. The Simpson family went back to sleep. 

A powerful Canadian cold front had been moving south towards the Great Lakes region all day. About 12:30 early Sunday morning the monster storm collided with the strong weather system already hovering above Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan. Record-breaking tide levels were reported throughout the upper Great Lakes regions. However, following an unprecedented weather pattern, the eye of the storm had settled over Lake Superior in Canadian waters somewhere between Hiawatha National Forest and Sleeping Giant Provincial Park east of Thunder Bay. As the storm cells intensified, enormous waves crashed along the entire southern shores of Lake Superior, flooding many coastal communities and recreational areas. Lightning strikes were wide spread and weather bureaus confirmed the presence of several funnel clouds, especially north of Highway 8. 

Commander Khan and his army had yet to engage their enemy in a single, horn-to-hoof encounter, as ordered. Instead, hell’s army continued to drive Aza’s troops further and further north, ever closer to Crystal Falls. Having already joined his troops securely stationed in and around the city, Major Zanti asked his second-in-command, “Has the general arrived yet?” 
“Yes, sir. At this moment he and his special forces are in position,” assured the junior commander. “The general eagerly awaits news of our enemy’s demise.” 
“Excellent!” said Zanti. “As soon as Aza’s army is north of the Michigamme Reservoir, our forces will join Khan’s army in a joint assault from the south. Once hell’s elite swoop down from the north the Captain and her Holy Healers will be the ones who need holy healing!” Zanti laughed. “Only this time, there will be no divine rescue. How ironic really…to behold the blood of His anointed ones as it cascades down the Falls of Death. It reminds me of that triumphant day two thousand years ago when the blood of another Anointed One saturated the earth atop that accursed hill outside Jerusalem. All power and glory to the Prince of Death!”

Speeding around and through numerous funnel clouds causing havoc on the ground, the two armies continued their cat and mouse chase northward in the skies high above State Route 141. But as heaven’s army reached the dragon of Caldron Falls Reservoir, miles south of Crystal Bay, Captain Aza’s army suddenly split into two contingents. Two thirds of the army made a slight course correction, picked up speed and headed northwest towards the Apostle Islands Archipelago on the southern shores of Lake Superior. The remaining one third also picked up speed and veered slightly west, headed instead for Union Bay. 
Surprised but undeterred by his enemy’s unexpected tactical maneuver, Khan also divided his army into two segments. In like proportion he ordered a lieutenant commander to lead one third of his troops in pursuit of Aza’s smaller contingent towards Union Bay. 
“Continue to drive the enemy north to the shoreline at all costs,” he ordered his lieutenant. “Maintain a tight formation around the army. Don’t let them altar course again. If they do, blast our orders. Kill them all! And send a dispatch on ahead to inform the major of the situation.  Once the Healers are north of Crystal Falls, Zanti’s troops will join your contingent. With the combined strength of your two armies, resistance will be futile as you drive heaven’s warriors to their final resting place at the Hemlock Glades.” 
With diminished forces, Khan quickly turned his attentions towards Captain Aza. Intoxicated with his own military prowess, Khan was still confident he would be able to obliterate his mortal foe without Zanti’s assistance. With renewed fervor, he and his troops picked up speed and maintained their fierce pursuit. Faster and faster the unholy army flew. As the gap between the two armies began to narrow, the demonic army began to taunt their fleeing enemy. “Stop and fight. We’re hungry for your blood!” they chanted in unison. “Stop and fight. We want to see you die!” 

With single-minded focus, Captain Aza’s Holy Healers continued their northern retreat. Healers flew over Three Lakes and past Toy Lake Swamp. Reaching State Route 2, they followed the roadway through the thick forested areas along both sides of the highway until they reached the Bad River Slough on the shores of Lake Superior. Closely following the contours of the sandscapes, Aza then led her warriors out over the water to the La Pointe Light House. Suddenly Aza’s army disappeared into the icy waters of the west channel. Fifteen feet beneath the surface of the water, they continued their retreat towards Red Cliff Bay on the other side of the channel. 
Flying inches above the stormy waters, hell’s army could clearly see the shimmering golden warriors beneath the waves. Thirsty for the blood of their age-old foe, demonic warriors began to salivate in anticipation of their imminent demise. 
“It’s time to end this ridiculous game,” Khan exclaimed. “I don’t care what Zanti said. The instant these cowards surface, strike!”
But as the two groups reached the southern tip of Basswood Island, heaven’s entire underwater army suddenly vanished from sight. Now invisible to their demonic attackers, Aza’s army circled back around Madeline Island at Devil’s Caldron Bay. Surfacing, they flew back over La Pointe and positioned their ranks directly behind Khan’s army. Close enough to bite into the furiously swishing, hairy black tails of their enemy Aza’s forces momentarily paused, suspended in mid-air over the channel waters.
Just over Buffalo Bay, Khan brought his army to an immediate halt. “Where are they?” he yelled. “One minute we had them within our reach. Now they’re gone! I want them found do you hear? Found!”
But even as the command was given, the shallow waters beneath his hooves began to stir. Submerged boulders began to tremble. The ground around the army began to quake and sandy beaches began to sink into the surrounding water. The thunderous roar of a thousand hooves pounding the earth became louder and louder. Spinning around, to his horror Khan saw the white, luminous horns of hundreds of Holy Warriors from Major Cyrus’ army charging straight towards his soldiers. As if in slow motion, Khan then turned to the north only to discover yet another contingent of Truthful Ones as they surfaced from the turbulent waters along the shores of Bear, Otter, Sand, York, Raspberry, and Oak Islands. Looking west, Khan watched aghast as wave after wave of heavenly warriors advanced from the sloughs of Bark Bay. Then instinctively turning eastward, he beheld the faint outline of hundreds of winged warriors emerging from their hiding places within the abandon quarry mine on the south side of Apostles Island. 
Completely surrounded, Khan screamed, “It’s a trap! To the Falls!”
In the blink of an eye, angelic warriors from every direction extended their massive, steel-like wings and rushed towards Khan’s army. Encircled by a radiant wall of light, the demons were trapped. In the chaos of the ambush, confusion quickly spread through their ranks. Destroyers began lashing out at their own comrades, furiously biting, kicking and stabbing one another. As they did, heaven’s army tightened ranks pressing hell’s wounded closer and tighter together until the dark warriors could hardly breathe. 
As a single massive glob of unearthly tangled bodies, heaven’s collective army then lifted the demons off the ground and into the air. With one mighty gesture, the gigantic mass was then slammed into the high rocky cliffs above Red Cliff Bay. As their bodies hit the cliffs, they were sliced into pieces against the sharp rocks and razor-like crags. Blood ran down the mountain side and began to collect in pools along the shore line below. Bloody body parts, twisted black wings ripped from their sockets, fractured black horns, fragments of horse hooves, and chunks of hairy horse flesh plummeted one hundred and sixty feet onto the beach.  
When the last chunk of flesh rested atop the mountain of carnage, an enormous bolt of lightning struck the bloody pile setting it ablaze. The explosion sent streams of fiery electrical bursts high into the stormy night sky. In an instant, the supernatural blaze reduced Khan’s army to nothing more than a mountainous pile of ash. A series of massive storm surges then crashed onto the beach sending iridescent foam and icy water caps to the uppermost edge of the cliff. As the water receded, the blood on the cliffs and the cremated demonic remains disappeared into the depths of Lake Superior. 

Watching heaven’s victory from the land, from the sea, and from the air, angelic warriors bowed their heads in reverent worship and gave thanks to the King of kings and Lord of lords. Regrouping near the lighthouse on Sand Island, a Holy Healer asked Captain Aza, “Captain, was Commander Khan among the dead?” 
“Fear not, my friend. His fate was ordained from before time,” replied heaven’s soldier. “But the battle is not yet won. To arms my sisters!”

While his army burned, Khan and one surviving lieutenant continued their escape down the shaft of an abandoned copper mine near the peninsula. With multiple cuts to his head and neck, a broken hind leg, protruding ribs and a large section of his lower left wing missing, Khan led his subordinate through the narrow, winding passages deep beneath the earth. Fleeing west, they emerged just south of Hwy 2.
The two demons then flew inches above the terrain through rural forests, along abandoned creek beds, over boulders and through slough after slough. With a deep head wound just above his right ear and a gaping hole in his right shoulder, the lieutenant did his best to keep up with his commander. It wasn’t until they reached the Ariel Life Bridge in Duluth Harbor that the demonic pair felt they were finally out of harm’s way. Monstrous storm waves repeatedly crashed over the uppermost bridge cabling as the two sat licking their wounds, silently contemplating their next move. 
Resting along the water’s edge under the bridge, Khan said, “We have to get to the glades and join Zanti’s army. Since he will certainly not come looking for us, it’s our only hope of survival. Any suggestions, lieutenant?”
 “North!” stammered the lieutenant after spitting out a mouthful of blood. “Sir, if we can avoid detection until we reach Thunder Bay, we can then make our way back down to Hemlock from the other side of the lake.”
Breathing with increased difficulty, Khan simply nodded his consent. In agony, the pair carefully walked out into the open harbor, extended their wings and prepared for flight. As they did, out of the corner of his eye Khan noticed a massive water surge rising up from the middle of Superior Bay. Still fearful of discovery, he quickly turned to investigate. He watched in frozen terror as the waters crested high above his head and then swiftly subsided. For standing on the floor of the bay, a solitary figure had emerged. Towering almost eighty feet above the surface of the water stood Eli.
Aghast, Khan whispered, “Prince Eli!”
“Going my way?” Eli teased the egotistical warrior.
Before the stunned pair could blink, Eli lunged at the terrified lieutenant. With mouth open wide, Eli sunk his razor sharp teeth deep into the demon’s crest. Crying out in in anguish, the creature struggled to free himself but to no avail. Unable to strike back, the weakened demon fell limp in the powerful jaws of his mighty adversary. With a single jab, Eli then plunged his massive horn into Khan’s torso just in front of the flank. Ripping into his flesh and through the rib cage, Eli’s horn emerged on the other side of the demon’s body. As blood fell into the swirling waters below, Eli unfolded his mighty wings and lifted the demonic duo into the air. 
Heaven’s prince flew his helpless captives inland, following Highway 61 northeast to Brule River. Dodging hungry black bears and an occasional herd of moose, Eli continued upstream along the river bank. Reaching Devil’s Kettle Falls, Eli alighted atop a massive outcropping of volcanic rock high above the cascading falls. The great prince then leaned over the ledge and opened his mouth, dropping the lieutenant’s lifeless body into the frigid pothole fifty feet below the summit. The pounding frigid waters spun the unicorn’s body head over hooves again and again until nothing remained except a thick layer of bubbling, black ooze.
Then with a swift turn of his head heaven’s prince withdrew his horn from Khan’s skewered body, hurling the half-dead commander into the center of the foamy caldron. As Khan’s body sank, a huge inverted water spout appeared in the center of the falls. The power of the funnel’s swirling waters sucked the demon’s body further and further down until it disappeared in the bowels of the earth below.

Staying just ahead of Khan’s contingent, Captain Aza’s sisters continued their flight towards Union Bay. Once the two armies crossed the state line into Michigan at Land O’ Lakes, Khan’s lieutenant commander sent a courier with an update of the battle to Major Zanti at his base came near Crystal Falls. 
“Sir, our time has come!” reported the enthusiastic messenger. “The two armies are at this moment in route towards the lake. They will soon be within range of the general’s army. All is proceeding as planned, sir.”
“And what of Commander Khan?” asked the major.
“My lord major, we have not seen nor heard from his army since heaven divided their troops at Caldron Falls,” humbly replied the courier.
“He will no doubt join us from the rear once he has annihilated Captain Aza and those pathetic healers.” Laughing Zanti added, “Poetic justice, don’t you think? That heaven should fall at Apostles Island.” 
The major and his comrades enjoyed a moment of hellacious laughter before Zanti ordered, “Enough! Sound the alarm, lieutenant. We move out at once!”
A loud clap of thunder rang out above the small town of Crystal Falls. Thick darkness descended upon the small community as a massive bolt of lightning struck the Paint River Power Plant. The ground trembled at the end of Bristol Mine Road as thousands of demonic warriors flew out of abandoned mine shafts deep beneath the surface. With Zanti in the lead the enormous army took to the skies, headed northwest over Hwy 141, and then continued through Ottawa State Park. Just past Hwy 45 at Bruce Crossing, the army joined Khan’s troops. The combined demonic forces continued their pursuit, steering Holy Healers straight towards the Porcupine Mountain range and the awaiting ambush. 

But as Aza’s sisters flew past Lake Gogebic, they once again picked up speed. Like a bullet speeding out the barrel of a revolver, they raced towards Mirror Lake creating a wide gap between the two armies. Reaching the gorge at the southern narrows, Healers descended straight down the 100 foot cliffs along the shoreline then dove into the lakes’ icy waters below. 
As they did, Major Cyrus and his army of Truthful Ones rose up out of the water on the opposite side of the lake. Thousands of winged unicorns took their stance from the western edge of the lake to the end of Little Carp River, eight miles to the east. Dripping with icy crystals of water, the glistening unicorns extended their wings. Touching the feathers of their comrades’ wings on either side, they formed a thirty-five foot high wall directly in front of hell’s advancing army. As their wings touched, a great boom of thunder shook the ground for miles in every direction. A massive display of finger lightning exploded over the lake. An enormous bolt of electrical power then struck the center of the lake igniting the unicorn’s wings with the holy fire of God.
Like a thousand flood lamps being switched on simultaneously, the supernatural radiance blinded oncoming enemy forces. Stunned and utterly confused, they lost all sense of direction. In waves, the demons began crashing headlong into heaven’s wall of flames. With fractured skulls and crushed body parts, they tumbled down into the muddy shoreline. Trembling in pain, bloody warriors fell backwards and sank into the icy lake. Wounded Liars and Deceivers bounced off the fiery wall like ping pong balls. Dazed, they were flung into the air and scattered atop the old growth hardwood trees of the forest. Lifeless soldiers landed in dried up river beds and at the bottom of ravines all along Little Carp River. 
As hell fell, Captain Aza and her sisters joined in the battle from the opposite shore. Preventing any possible retreat from the south, Aza’s warriors attacked from the rear. Piercing, kicking, and biting, they drove what remained of Zanti’s army forward, slamming them against the fiery wall of death. 
Another boom of thunder once again shook the skies over the lake. Baseball-size hail began to fall on the scattered, bloody carcasses. Relentlessly, the hard ice pounded their dark flesh. When the hail ceased, Major Zanti and his entire army were dead.
A massive water spout then formed just off the northern tip of Outer Island at Austad Bay. As it grew in size, it moved south towards the Michigan mainland. Hovering directly over Mirror Lake, the enormous funnel began sucking up mounds of demonic remains. Once in the air, the powerful, swirling waters spun their bodies around faster and faster tearing them to pieces. Legs, hooves, horns, heads, and tails, were ripped apart by the water’s merciless grip. The supernatural spout then moved west and dumped their remains along the shores of the Apostles Island Archipelago. 

Barely alive, a lone demon hobbled on two legs through the Porcupine Mountain range. Unable to fly, the bleeding warrior carefully crept north beneath the thick underbrush of the forest canopy. Determined to warn his Commander-in-Chief of the approaching enemy invasion, he inched his way to the summit at Hemlock. Escorted by a scouting party who discovered him at the base of the glades, the escapee was forcefully brought before General Diablos.
“Oh, Exalted One,” began the trembling warrior, “Heaven has massacred your entire army. They are only moments behind me, sir. I alone have escaped to warn your eminence.”
The general’s eyes narrowed but he never said a word. With a single glance towards his major, a unicorn’s horn was thrust into the heart of the lone survivor. His lifeless body fell to ground landing face first in a pool of his own blood.
Turning to his commanders in utter disgust, Diablos ordered, “Mobilize the army at once. We’ll regroup at base camp near Thief River.” With that the general kicked aside the carcass lying at his feet, extended his enormous black wings and flew away. A split second later, his form had disappeared into the blackness of night.

Within minutes of the alarm, hell’s troops were mobilized for their westward retreat, but it was too late. Holy attackers began their coordinated assault simultaneously from every direction. Having split into two contingents, half of Major Cyrus’s army had flown north from Mirror Lake and began their attack from the west near Sunset Run. Remaining Truthful Ones had also flown north, but charged in from the eastern edge of the army, along Hidden Trails. Captain Aza and her sisters were on the ground and began their assault at Timber Trail. Sparks filled the nighttime sky as horns collided and spiritual warfare erupted on the ski slopes of Porcupine Mountains.

Diablos maintained an eastern heading flying just off shore parallel to Hwy 64. Devoid of any light, he fled virtually invisible amidst the thick, stormy clouds. Passing White Pine Cooper Mine, Diablos began to hear the faint sound of laughter coming from somewhere behind him. Stopping in mid-air, he spun around to investigate but saw nothing except gloomy darkness. The lone general resumed his retreat.
“Look at him run,” continued the mysterious, taunting chorus.
One voice began to rise above the rest. “While his own die, he slinks away like a coward. Where’s the fierce warrior I remember from of old?”
The mocking laughter grew louder and louder, as the recognizable voice once again shouted, “Afraid to stand alone, are we?” 
Diablos came to an abrupt halt. Ready for battle he turned, his eyes searching the skies for the source of the taunting. Suddenly, a brilliant light pierced through the surrounding darkness. Hovering over the mouth of the Ontonagon River stood Colonel Ryak and his strike team.
Diablos shouted, “Ryak! I should have known He’d send you…”
Taking aim, the general quickly spread his wings, lowered his head and lunged at his immortal adversary. Ryak and his special forces also spread their wings and prepared for battle. As they did, a finger-shaped bolt of lightning fell from the sky and set their wings ablaze. Ryak and his entire team grew to three times their normal stature. When the lightning subsided, a glistening sword appeared in each hand.
Undaunted by their miraculous transformation, the general momentarily paused. Extending open palms downward towards the earth below his feet he shouted, “Oh great Prince of Darkness, arise.” 
The hellish plea had barely been uttered when a massive earthquake rumbled through the area. As the ground shook, a large triangular chasm opened up at the mouth of the muddy red river exposing the entrance to one of the ancient cooper mines located just beneath the surface. The waters rolled back and a cavern extending deep into the earth’s core became visible. A barrage of shadowy, iridescent rays shot out of the pit piercing through the clouds above. Then beginning in his hooves, a dark force of energy moved up the general’s legs, through his torso, neck and head, then out the tip of his horn. With hell’s energy coursing thru every cell of his body, Diablos also grew in size and stature equal to that of his adversaries. Drunk with satanic power and clutching a steel black sword in each hand, Diablos charged. 
Like two welding torches in the night, sparks flew in every direction as the four supernatural swords collided. Steel upon steel, blade upon blade, with each connection icy shock waves rippled through the air. Over and over again the two immortal beings struck intent upon the annihilation of the other.  
As Ryak and Diablos engaged in combat, heaven’s elite encircled the two mighty combatants. With both swords poised as one, Diablos made one final grandiose effort to strike at the heart of his primary aggressor. Shouting, “Death to you and your Lord!” he lunged towards Ryak. But as he did, the blades of two soldiers sliced through the coarse flesh on his back and hind quarters, causing lacerations up and down his spine.
Realizing he could not take on Ryak’s entire team single-handed, the general made the decision to retreat. Speeding east, he flew over Misery Bay, past Torch Lake, and on towards Mary McDonald Park. He sped out past the long abandoned rocket testing site at Kenweenaw Point and then over the water near Manitou Island. Visible below him were bow sections, chunks of broken sterns and the skeleton frames of long sunken ships having met their fate among the rock and shoals of the treacherous waters beneath. Turning to see Ryak hot on his heals Diablos mustered all remaining strength, increased speed and headed north towards the Canadian border.

Blood dripped to the ground as Major Cyrus withdrew his single horn from the belly of yet another demonic unicorn. Turning to fight two more destroyers advancing from the rear, Cyrus saw Captain Aza on his right. When their eyes met, each knew the hour had come.
Suddenly, heaven’s army withdrew from the battlefield. Flying high into the sky, they formed a gigantic circle around the enemy below. A foreboding silence descended eerily throughout the area. Not a single battle cry, not a single shout of war, nor a single voice was heard for one full minute. A brilliant light then exploded over the skies to the north and shone down onto the battlefield. Hovering just above the Union Bay Campgrounds, a single figure came out from the midst of the light. Towering one hundred and thirty feet in height, Prince Eli emerged. His radiance was like a noonday sun. 
The blackness of hell could not remain in the presence of heaven’s glory. Without the cover of darkness, the demons had no place to hide. Fully exposed, hell’s elite cowered in terror as they heard the deafening sound of a trumpet blast. From somewhere beneath the sphere of light, a monstrous waterspout appeared. More than twenty miles in width, the eye of the massive cyclone swooped down upon the ski slopes of Porcupine Mountains. With sustained winds of 175 miles per hour, hell’s entire army was caught in the grip of the powerful swirling winds. Engulfed in the sphere of heaven’s light, the cyclic funnel carried the helpless demons northeast out towards the open sea. Major Cyrus, Captain Aza, along with thousands of Healers and Truthful Ones followed, taking up their respective places in order of rank behind Prince Eli. 
Somewhere near the U.S. and Canadian border, the tornado stopped moving. Although the waterspout was still in full motion, it hovered, suspended just above the waves in the middle of the lake. Breaking through the swirly clouds above, the heavens began to open. Other-worldly light began to pour down like rain towards the water’s surface. As if possessed with a will of their own the brilliant clouds above the funnel began to swirl and roll and tumble down towards the earth. As they fell, two columns of billowy white clouds began to take shape on either side of the funnel cloud. As the columns formed, a radiant staircase appeared above the clouds. Like a large piece of carpet, row upon row of iridescent pearly-white stairs rolled down out of the sky until they had reached the surface of the lake. 
From the midst of the rolling clouds at the top of the stairs, an innumerable host of angelic beings began to descend the stairs on both sides of the columns. The first to descend were the unicorns, centaurs and fawns. After these came a large assembly of human-like beings with the legs and torso of a man but with a pair of feathery wings attached to their spine. Flying behind these were creatures that looked like earth-bound lions but with brown, furry wings twice their height attached to their shoulders. Following the lions, scores of huge, whitish-colored eagles with wings also descended. With the incandescent light shining down from above, each creature seemed to glow from the inside out. 
Heaven’s army continued to march down the staircase until the first unicorns reached the bottom step. As they did, the entire company came to a halt. Then turning towards the center of the stair case so as to face their comrades on the opposite side, each assumed a military poster of alertness. With the lifeless remains of Diablos’ army still swirling within the vortex, Major Cyrus and his Truthful Ones positioned the funnel cloud at the bottom of the staircase on the left.

Unconcerned with the fate of his army and confident he had finally outrun his pursuers Diablos sped out into the center of the lake. Approximately fifty miles south of Slate Islands, Diablos noticed a change in the storm’s behavior. The winds had ceased and the lake waters had become strangely still. 
As Diablos paused to survey his surroundings, he began to sense an uneasy yet familiar tension in the air.
Turning to investigate, he saw the staircase and heaven’s host standing at attention. But rather than preparing to strike, all eyes were focused on the events unfolding at the top of the staircase.
Straining to see what was happening Diablos was temporarily blinded when a massive flash of lightning fell from heaven and into the waters below. 
When the fireworks ceased and he had regained his sight, Diablos saw a throne at the top of the stairs.  Encircling the throne, a rainbow of living colors swirled and swayed as if dancing to its own instinctive melody. Two living creatures stood on either side of the throne, each having four wings. With two wings they covered their faces, and with two wings they flew around the throne. As they flew their wings sounded like a mighty army marching into battle. In the midst of the lightning and sitting on the throne was a figure whose appearance resembled a man. His face was like gleaming amber; his feet as a flickering fire. To his horror, Diablos watched as a large wooden cross appeared to the right of the throne. 
Turning to flee, Diablos shouted vehemently, “Cursed you have been from the beginning! Cursed are your pathetic people! Forever cursed be your son! You…” 
But with that statement, a bolt of lightning from the middle of the throne fell upon him. The holy fire passed through his entire body and into the lake waters below. Against his will, the fallen angel was transported to the bottom of the staircase. No longer in control of his bodily functions, Diablos found himself on his knees. As he knelt, an irresistible power forced the general to bow his head. Diablos then began to speak words which were not his own. 
“Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father,” said hell’s defeated servant.
The demon’s facial features became grotesquely contorted as he tried to keep his mouth closed. In vain he struggled to silence the words being spoken. Vehemently despising every syllable yet unable to resist, the general uttered his final words, “All glory to Him who sits on the throne and to the Lamb.” 
With one voice, heaven’s army shouted, “It is finished.” 
Instantly, peals of lightning and roaring thunder poured forth from the midst of the throne. The deafening sound of a single trumpet blast filled the skies over Lake Superior. The earth shook. Winds began to howl and wild waves began to pound the shoreline. A tidal wave raced north inundating the Canadian coast as far as Thunder Bay to the west and Pukaskawa National Park to the east. 
A new waterspout formed on the water’s surface directly under the general’s feet. As it grew in strength, Diablos was caught up in its swirling, violent grip. Diablos watched as a massive hole began to open at the tip of the waterspout. As the mouth of the chasm became wider and wider Diablos found himself hovering motionless above a bottomless, fiery caldron. Flames in the shape of a man’s hands clutching an enormous white-hot chain shot up from deep within the pit. With one fiery hand, the chain was wrapped around and around the screaming demon’s body. With the other hand, a red-hot padlock secured the burning chains about his body. Both hands then grabbed the demon by the legs and pulled him straight down into the flames of hell.
The chasm disappeared as quickly as it had appeared. Instantly, the fierce waves ceased their roaring and the howling winds were calmed. Stormy clouds dissipated and the skies above Lake Superior became crystal clear, revealing a silvery crescent moon high in the sky.
Chapter 10 – Sure foundations
Spontaneous praise erupted around the throne as ten thousand upon ten thousand of His holy angels sang, “Great and marvelous are Your works, oh Lord God, the Almighty. Righteous and true are Your ways, oh King of the nations.”

The sound of heaven’s music filled the skies over the state of Wisconsin. Colonel Ryak worshipped from somewhere above the state capital building in Madison. Major Cyrus and his Truthful Ones raised their voices from the skies over Sheboygan County. Captain Aza joined her brothers and sisters in the song of the ages atop the gym at Plymouth Elementary School. Prince Eli and Jasmine sang the majestic ancient songs from the northern woods of Glory Meadows, accompanied by a chorus of terrestrial bears, deer, owls, beavers and a moose which had wandered into the meadow during the storm.

Before dawn on Sunday morning, Edith Simpson carefully tacked a note to the message board in the kitchen near the garage door. Turning out the light, she then quietly walked out the front door. Placing two suitcases into the trunk of her car, she backed out of the driveway and drove away. 

Trinity awoke Sunday morning to the sound of a beeping alarm clock. After a restless night of howling winds and banging shudders, she wasn’t too eager to get up. Trin hit the snooze button a couple of times before finally climbing out of bed around seven am. Taking a leisurely hot shower, she then dressed for church and went downstairs. Opening the front door to retrieve the Sunday paper which had been delivered earlier, she paused to briefly survey the grounds for any storm damage. To her relief, other than a few broken tree limbs and mounds of scattered leaves, there appeared to be no major problems.
After pouring a fresh cup of coffee, Trinity sat down at the kitchen table and opened the Sunday morning Edition of the Plymouth Press. She was not surprised at the headlines. “Freakish storm of the century wreaks havoc in upper Great Lakes.” 
“Tell me about it,” Trin thought as she continued reading the highlights of each story.
“Tornadoes left a wake of destruction in cities and rural areas throughout multiple counties and sent thousands of local residents scurrying for shelter in the middle of the night. 
“Massive electrical storms lite up the night time sky like Times Square over portions of Wisconsin and Michigan causing wide-spread power outages. Spokesman for the Northern States Electrical Company are working to restore power to dozens of communities, but state it may be days before the lights are back on in isolated areas.
 “Raging winds battered resort towns and record-level water surges cause major flooding along shorelines. 
“Local residents in and around the Mirror Lake area reported a mysterious electrical explosion around 1:30 am. The enormous explosion shattered windows in vacation homes along the water’s edge, causing rolling blackouts from Union Bay to White Pine.
“Between the hours of midnight and 2:00 am, officials confirmed reports of seven powerful waterspouts over Lake Superior. At the height of the storm air traffic controllers from the Upper Peninsula’s only tower at Sawyer Airport tracked a Category 5 funnel hovering near the middle of Lake Superior. Controller Mark Helm reported, ‘That monster appeared out of nowhere, remained stationary for several minutes, and then simply vanished from our scopes. In all my years as an Air Traffic Controller, I’ve never seen anything like it.’” 

When Trinity got to the bottom of Page 1, she turned to Page 2 to read local storm-related news. But her growling stomach reminded her she had not yet had breakfast. Preparing a quick bowl of steaming oatmeal with a few raisins, she returned to the kitchen table to pick up where she left off. At the top of the page she read, 

“High winds and golf-ball sized hail responsible for wide-spread damage throughout Madison, Sheboygan, and Green Bay counties. 
“Shortly after midnight, civil defense alarms sounded when three funnel clouds were sighted moving southward toward Plymouth. Making landfall, one of the funnel clouds touched down near the Van Husen estate causing substantial damage to the primary residence and attached garage.

“Approximately 1:15 in the morning, lightning struck the Sheboygan County Airport terminal igniting a massive fire. Several maintenance buildings on the runway were destroyed. The main passenger terminal of Charter Airways also sustained major damage. Flights in and out of the airport have been suspended indefinitely while construction crews work on repairs.  
“Plymouth residents may be without power until late Sunday evening.”

Trinity was looking through the images of the storm’s damage, when she suddenly looked at her wrist watch. “8:30! Oh my gosh! Where’s the time gone? I’ll be late for church.”
After a quick clean-up in the kitchen, Trin put on her rain coat, grabbed her Bible, and headed out the front door. The trip to church was normally a ten minute drive. But anticipating potential flooding, road debris, and perhaps even road closures, she wanted to give herself plenty of time to arrive before the 9:00 am service began. To her surprise, the drive north on Pleasant View Road was unhindered. Evidence of the storm’s fury could be seen to the east, but the road itself was relatively free of any major debris. But when she turned into the parking lot at church, she was met by one of several deacons who were rerouting traffic to the back side of the education wing which was a good distance from the main entrance to the church. Apparently a mud slide had buried a substantial section of the lower lot near the high school building. 
Upon entering the foyer of the church, Trinity was greeted by Pastor Jamison and his wife. After surveying the main chapel and giving Mrs. Jamison a quick hug, Trin said, “Wow. The sanctuary is beautiful! It’s not Christmas, so what’s the occasion?”
Pastor Jamison grinned and said, “My wife thought a candle light service would be a lovely way to begin the new week and I agreed.”
Mrs. Jamison smiled at her husband’s teasing then said, “Actually Trinity, we still don’t have power. And given everything this community has been through lately, we didn’t want to cancel service. Hope you don’t mind.” 
“Not at all,” Trin replied. “I think it’s perfect!”
Trinity entered the church and took her familiar seat on the right side of the sanctuary towards the middle of the room. As she was taking off her coat, she happened to see Gary and Derrick Simpson sitting on the opposite side of the room in the far corner pew. Derrick spotted her and smiled. Trin waved. Gary also saw Trin. As their eyes met briefly, she sensed a humility she had not seen during the hearing. 
A few moments later, the Baxter family walked down the center aisle and sat down in one of pews closer to the front of the sanctuary on the left of the podium. Jason immediately spotted Derrick and the two boys waved. When Mr. Baxter saw Gary he whispered something to his wife. Then together, he and Jason walked back down the aisle and around the back wall towards the Simpsons. 
Jason was the first to speak. “Dad, this is my friend, Derrick. And this is his dad.”
“It’s a pleasure to finally meet you in person, Derrick,” Mr. Baxter said. 
Then extending his hand towards Gary he added, “And you as well, Mr. Simpson. It’s a pleasure to have you here this morning.” 
The two men shook hands and the Baxter men then rejoined Mrs. Baxter. As they did, Pastor Jamison took his place at the podium and led the choir in an opening hymn of worship. He then addressed the congregation.
“Thank you all for braving the roadways to be here this morning. It’s so good to see your sweet faces especially after last night’s storm. We have great deal to be thankful for, wouldn’t you agree? Let’s thank the Lord.” After a short introductory prayer, Pastor Jamison began his sermon. 
“We continue this morning with our systematic, book-by-book, chapter-by-chapter study through the scriptures. Turn with me to I Peter Chapter One as we read verses 18-22. Please stand with me for the reading of God’s word. In unison, the congregation stood to their feet and followed along in their bibles as Pastor Jamison read,
 “‘For you know that God paid a ransom to save you from the empty life you inherited from your ancestors. And the ransom he paid was not mere gold or silver. It was the precious blood of Christ, the sinless, spotless Lamb of God. God chose him as your ransom long before the world began, but he has now revealed him to you in these last days. Through Christ, you have come to trust in God. And you have placed your faith and hope in God because he raised Christ from the dead and gave him great glory. You were cleansed from your sins when you obeyed the truth, so now you must show sincere love to each other as brothers and sisters. Love each other deeply with all your heart.’ You may be seated.”
When he finished reading, Trinity took her seat. As she tried to focus on the pastor’s message, Trin couldn’t help but thank God once again for His deliverance during her recent trials. But she was also overcome with awe and wonder at the thought that God would choose such a portion of scripture as the sermon text for this particular Sunday. She knew this was probably the first time the Simpsons had ever been inside a church. She silently prayed God would use these verses to help Gary understand not only the truth of God’s word, but God’s tremendous love for he and his family. 
Trinity listened intently during the remainder of the message, jotting down some notes on the back side of her bulletin to review later in the day. During the closing prayer, the choir stood and sang “Just as I am.” When they were finished, Pastor then dismissed the congregation. 
After saying, “Thank you” to several well-wishers, Trin made her way down the aisle and out towards the door. As she did, she couldn’t help overhear the Baxters as they invited Gary and his son to lunch. She was thrilled to hear Gary’s acceptance. Trinity then said her final goodbyes to Pastor and Mrs. Jamison. Walking slowly down the concrete steps outside the church, she happened to look up just as Cameron Mitchell was pulling out of the parking lot. On impulse, Trinity turned back and glanced at her Pastor still standing behind her. He just nodded and smiled.

Trinity spent the rest of her day alone at home in quiet meditation and reflection.  After a short afternoon nap and early dinner, she made a cup of extra chocolaty cocoa and headed out onto the patio deck. There was an unusual freshness in the air as darkness settled over Glory Meadows. It wasn’t long before the sky overhead was ablaze in starlight. A sliver of a crescent moon could just be seen in the eastern sky. Lost in the beauty of the night, Trinity was startled by a splashing sound coming from the pond. Turning to investigate, she could just make out the form of several small creatures scurrying about the water’s edge. 
“Beavers!” she chuckled. 
After a long moment of intense introspection she said, “It was less than a week ago on this very porch that I first saw the purple stone and then met those two fantastic creatures. I wonder what ever happened to them? Which reminds me…I haven’t seen that stone since the hearing on Friday. I’d love so show it to my students tomorrow. I’m not exactly sure yet how to explain it, but it would sure make an exciting, ‘Show and tell” item.”
Leaving her mug on the arm of the redwood deck chair, she went back into the kitchen to get her purse. Emptying the contents onto the counter she said, “That’s odd. Where did it go? I know it was here?”
After a thorough search of kitchen drawers, the bathroom counter, her coat pockets, and the inside of her car, Trinity gave up. She put on her pajamas and robe, then went downstairs and turned on the news. As anticipated, national news reports still contained articles relating in some way to the school board’s decision to allow her to keep her job and for the Ten Commandments to remain on display in her classroom. As for the local news, she was especially fascinated by the story of one reporter in particular.
“Sandscapes resembling horse body parts mysterious appeared overnight along the north shore of Devils Island in the Apostles Island Archipelago. Kayakers exploring the islands early this morning captured on film these startling images of hundreds of sculpted sand statues in the shape of horse heads, legs, torsos and tails. Remarkable as it may seem, there are images of what appear to be a single horn attached to the head of several sculptures. One tourist on the island said the sculpture reminded her of a unicorn’s head. Authorities remain baffled as to how these statutes were created and placed on the island.”
Trinity was fascinated by the image of one horse head in particular. “No, it can’t be,” she thought. “That face looks a lot like… No! It’s too fantastic,” she said shaking her head. 
Following a short commercial break, Trinity listened as the final report promised to be about her own community.
“We wrap up this evenings’ news with a story about crows. Last week, thousands of the large black birds mysterious descended on the city of Plymouth, causing chaos and wide-spread property damage. Today, officials report the crows have simply vanished without a trace. Experts have no explanation for this bizarre occurrence. And that’s it for the Channel 10 Sunday evening news. We’ll see you again tomorrow. Good night.”

Bright and early Monday morning, the Tender Teacher walked down the familiar corridors of Plymouth Elementary School. Upon entering the Teacher’s Lounge, she was greeted with the spontaneous applause of fellow teachers, coworkers and school staff. Even Cameron Mitchel was present. It was several minutes before all the hugs, kisses and well wishes were finally finished. When the first bell rang, the room quickly emptied, as each one hurried off to their respective responsibilities. 
Trinity walked proudly down the hall and into her fifth grade classroom to resume the profession she so dearly loved. And even though her students greeted her with the same enthusiasm as her peers, Trinity did not allow a lengthy discussion of the previous week’s events. After permitting the children a few moments to express their joy in seeing her again, Ms. Trin quieted the children then turned their attention to the lessons of the day. 
When the lunch bell rang and the students were filing out of the room towards the cafeteria, she was pleasantly surprised to see Jason and Derrick walk out together. As Trin walked by their table in the lunch room on her way to the Teacher’s Lounge, she overheard Derrick asking Jason what the Bible said about moms and dads.
Swallowing a large mouthful of his bologna sandwich Jason replied, “Well, one of the Ten Commandments from God says children are to honor their father and mother.” 
“My, oh my,” Trin thought as she continued walking past the boys. “This is truly the beginning of good things to come for Derrick and the whole Simpson family. Thank you Jesus!” 
The remainder of the day was pleasantly uneventful. With the exception of hugs and some additional words of encouragement from grateful parents as they picked up their kids, discussion about the hearing was minimal. Trin pulled into her garage at the usual time, retrieved her mail then walked thru the garage and into the kitchen. Putting her purse and brief case on the table, along with a bouquet of flowers given her by one of the parents, she shuffled through the stack of mail. 
“Bills. Advertisements. National Education Journal. What’s this?” she said. 
From the stack of mail she pulled out a small, purple envelope with no postage stamp addressed only to “Ms. Trinity Woodard.” And instead of a full return address in the upper, left-hand corner, the envelope simply read, “Gary Simpson.” Opening the envelope, Trin read the following note:
“Dear Ms. Woodard: 
Derrick confessed to stealing the cookies and then lying to cover up his actions. He understands his actions were morally wrong and is very sorry for what he did. But just as important, I now realize my attitude and actions have also been wrong regarding this entire incident. On behalf of my family, I ask you to forgive us for the pain, suffering and humiliation we have caused. We sincerely hope you will one day find it in your heart to forgive us, and put these unfortunate events behind us all. Thank you. 
Sincerely, 
Mr. Gary Simpson.”
“Well, will wonders never cease?” Trinity said out loud. “Thank you God!”
Putting the letter on the counter near the phone, Trinity then turned her attentions to preparing dinner. As the spaghetti sauce was simmering and the pasta boiling, she flipped on the evening news. She stood motionless, eyes glued to the TV set, as she listened to the first story.
“Victor Underwood, former Editor-in- Chief of the Plymouth Press, has been arrested on charges of embezzlement, corporate fraud, and racketeering. He was apprehended without incident early this morning by U.S. Border Patrol officials just south of the Canadian border near Emerson on Interstate 29 while attempting to flee the country. Inside sources report Underwood is cooperating fully with the District Attorney’s Office. Unconfirmed reports speculate the former newspaper tycoon used his influence to embezzle more than ten million dollars over the course of his editorial career. Trial is expected to begin early November.”
A moment later Trinity was on the phone to Grandpa Eddie. “Grandpa, did you hear the news about Victor Underwood?”
“Sweetie, I learned of his arrest this morning,” he replied. “I have a friend downtown who called me shortly after Victor’s arrest. But to tell you the truth, I am not surprised. I’ve known for some time there was something going on, but I could never put my finger on it. I feel sorry for Victor. I really do. He has destroyed his reputation and thrown away a prestigious career. He has sold his soul to the devil and for what?  A few years enjoying the fleeting pleasures of sin only to lose his own soul in the end?
“I’m so sorry, Grandpa. I know you and he have been friends for years,” Trin said softly.
“I know,” he replied quietly. “He still is my friend, honey. And God still loves him as much now as ever. I’ll be there for Victor as much as I can during the difficult days ahead.” 

Around 6 pm, Derrick heard the front door bell ring. “Finally!” he said. “Dinner.”
Paying the delivery boy for his pizza, Derrick shut and locked the door, then put the hot box on the floor in the living room in front of the TV. After devouring 4 pieces of a large, pepperoni pizza, Derrick went into the kitchen to get something to drink. As he opened the refrigerator, he thought he heard a noise coming from the garage.
“Dad’s not supposed to be home ‘til later,” he thought. “Must be the wind.”
Opening the upper cupboard door next to the stove, he looked through the glasses on the shelf hoping to find his favorite mug. 
“Rats!” he said. “Where did mom put it this time?” 
After searching thru every cabinet in the kitchen, he decided to search the garage. “I bet she put it in one of those giveaway boxes for the Salvation Army,” he thought. “But where’d she stack ‘em?”
Entering the cluttered garage, he carefully scanned every wall, every corner, and the tops of every shelf. It was several minutes before he found the boxes carelessly stacked underneath his father’s work bench on the opposite side of the garage. After spying his red and white plastic mug sitting in an open box, he shouted, “Ah, ha!”
He smiled as he picked up the Wisconsin Badger cup, remembering the time his father bought it for him at a football game the year before. Derrick then closed up the box and turned to go back into the house. But as he flipped off the garage light, something caught his attention. From the inside of one of the Salvation Army boxes he could see some sort of purplish light. He turned on the garage light again and went to investigate.

The Woodard estate was quiet for the rest of the night. A great horned owl enjoyed dining on a plump juicy rabbit. A small herd of deer munched peacefully on tender blades of tall sweet grass. Several contented beavers scurried about their nightly chores. 

A year later, Cameron Mitchell and Trinity were engaged to be married. Mr. Van Husen, Sr. had been elected governor of Wisconsin while Laura was married to the senior vice-president of a banking firm in Madison. Victor Underwood was serving a fifteen year prison sentence and Grandpa Eddie visited him every Sunday after church. Edith Simpson was working for a syndicated newspaper in Minneapolis. Gary Simpson had opened his own law firm in Plymouth and he and Derrick faithfully attend services at Calvary Church of Plymouth. And the City of Plymouth, Wisconsin was named by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce as the best place in the country to raise children.

Colonel Ryak and his special forces are still stationed in Madison. A contingent of Truthful Ones still patrols the court houses and schools of Sheboygan County, while Major Cyrus and the rest of his comrades have been redeployed. Captain Aza and her sisters were sent to Texas to assist their brethren, while a group of Healers remained in Plymouth. Eli and Jasmine visit Glory Meadows as often as Papa permits. 

Trinity never found the purple stone and never again saw the two unicorns. But sometimes on very quiet evenings, she thought she heard voices in the north woods of Glory Meadows. 

P.S. – Mrs. Trinity Mitchell recently published a book to help teachers and parents identify and develop the unique, God-given talents of their children. Perhaps you’ve had a chance to read it. It became a national best-seller. The title is, The Tender Teacher Trait. 
P.S.S. – On peaceful autumn nights, sit quietly on your patio and listen carefully. You too just might hear the conversations of angels. And if you should discover a glowing, heart-shaped stone in your yard some night don’t be surprised. Eli and Jasmine are just bringing you a gift from Papa. 
The End

####
About the Author
Without a doubt, Donna's favorite books are found in the Christian fiction/fantasy series, Divine Commissions. Originally written for her grandchildren, these are stories filled with real-to-life adventures of ordinary people. They include epic struggles between angels and demons, between good and evil, right and wrong, choices and consequences. With the launch of Stone of Truth, Donna has already turned her creative energies towards Volume V in the series. The title is yet to be determined, but she assures readers Volume V will be another epic adventure of global proportions.
Discover other titles in the Divine Commissions Series:
Volume III - The Power of a Legacy
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/83824
Volume IV - Messiah's Message 
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/86866 
Connect with Donna Farris Online:
Visit http://divinecommissions.blogspot.com/ and follow the tales of Eli and Jasmine through other action-packed adventures. Discover interesting, behind-the-scenes insights into the characters. Get hot-off-the-press updates regarding upcoming stories. Share your discoveries and connect with other readers. 
GrippedforGlory blog: http://grippedforglory.blogspot.com/
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/home.php#!/pages/Gripped-For-Glory/142580449129848
Twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/grippedforglory
