


Storm of Arranon


R E Sheahan


This book is a work of fiction. Names, character, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

This book is Self-Published By
Rule of Three Press



Storm of Arranon
Copyright  2011 by Robynn E Sheahan

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.

The author can be contacted at: RESheahan.com

ISBN -13: 978-1466234970
ISBN -10: 1466234970



Books in this series
Book One
Storm of Arranon
Book Two
Storm of Arranon Fire and Ice
Book Three
Storm of Arranon Allies and Enemies



In loving memory…
Carolyn Williams



“For just as the heavens are higher than the earth,
so My ways are higher than your ways
and My thoughts higher than your thoughts.”
Isaiah 55:9



Acknowledgements


Many thanks go to my critique partners, Ruth and Linda who, with the help of FaceTime and iPhones, endured long sessions, offered suggestions, and just kept me motivated during some trying times. Their love, encouragement, and dedication are beyond measure.
In this second edition, some has changed, but much has remained the same. So, I again want to thank the original critique group for their assistance, Ruth, Linda, Bob, Kate, Jodi, April, Russell, Cynthia, and Martha.
I want to thank my editor, Karen Parker, and my proofreader, Jackie at JJ Proofing, for their time, effort, and good work.
Thank you Dan Long for creating the amazing cover art.



A forbidden birth.
A remarkable young woman.
A marauding alien society.
The battle begins.



Chapter 1


THE BEST PART IS WATCHING the eyes. The moment life leaves them. Death is such a fleeting climax. Pity.
Major Birk pressed Colonel Rennek against the thick wall inside the deserted parking garage. Birk’s head tilted and he smiled, quivering in anticipation, savoring Rennek’s plunge into panic.
Rennek thrashed and jerked under Birk’s powerful, unyielding hold. His struggle brief, Rennek shuddered, then stilled. A low, guttural moan escaped his twisted mouth. In the white glare from overhead lights, Rennek’s eyes widened beneath raised bushy eyebrows. His black pupils dilated, eclipsing blue irises.
Birk’s nostrils flared, drawing in the invigorating scent of Rennek’s fear as life slipped away. A tingle of pleasure shot through Birk and he released a breath in a long sigh, a smile stretching his lips. He drew his hand back, removing the needle from Rennek’s neck in a smooth fluid motion. A tiny drop of blood oozed from the minuscule hole at the base of Rennek’s skull, a red speck barely visible under short gray hair. “Your cooperation is appreciated, Colonel.” Birk straightened and released his grip on Rennek’s uniform jacket.
Rennek’s knees buckled and he slid down the smooth wall. His body toppled over, skull striking the hard surface of the tarmac with a resounding thud.
Sweat burned Birk’s eyes but he ignored the sting and stared at the dead man. He thumbed the tiny slide on the otherwise smooth cylinder, shutting down the laser and retracting the needle. Birk tugged off dark gloves, stuffing them and the cylinder into the pocket of his black jacket. “Tomorrow morning, thanks to your information Colonel, I will assassinate General Cale Athru of Arranon, removing this final obstruction to our invasion.” He shrugged, his tone animated. “His death won’t be achieved in a manner as enjoyable as yours, but gratifying nonetheless. Too bad you won’t be here to see the ruin of your worlds.”
From the shadows, a heavily muscled man in black emerged, his approach hesitant. He paused, staring wide-eyed at Rennek’s lifeless form, and took a tentative step forward, his tone submissive. “Major Birk, Rennek’s death wasn’t authorized. There will be inquiries. Our superiors will not cover up or defend this unsanctioned action against a high-ranking official. And, sir, what about the girl?”
This amusing diversion over, Birk glared at the man and pulled a deep breath through clenched teeth. “Unfortunately, Rennek didn’t know why Athru requested her presence, Captain Marris.”
“Yes, sir.” Marris took a wary step back and nodded.
Birk glanced at the body, relishing a last look. The tip of his tongue slid over parted lips and he smiled. “Rennek’s death will carry no consequence.” He searched the silent, empty space, his gaze locking on the exit. “Tomorrow, there will be no need for disguises, a tactful approach, or covert measures. If we have questions, we will get answers.” Birk chuckled softly. “The pretense of being citizens of these worlds will end. After Athru’s death, we’ll be one step closer to the domination of Korin.” He nodded, voice low. “And the real prize, Arranon.”
A rush of warm air turned icy, sending broad orange and red leaves swirling and skittering down the ramp that led outside.
Birk ignored the cold gust and clapped Marris’ shoulder. He squeezed, digging his fingers deep.
Marris jerked, tensing under Birk’s forceful grip.
Birk’s eyes narrowed. A smirk twisted his lips and colored his voice. “I am fully aware of my authority on these missions. And Captain, I got the information I needed.”
“Yes, sir. I didn’t mean to question—”
“Time to go,” Birk leaned in and whispered. He released his hold on Marris with a shove. Birk turned from Rennek’s body, and hurried toward the exit.
Marris followed.
Their footsteps echoed with a hollow, staccato cadence between long thick walls and the low-hung ceiling. “Athru will be at security headquarters tomorrow morning. The girl too. Could Athru’s interest be because of her father?” Birk slowed and frowned, his attention on Marris.
Marris stiffened and positioned himself a pace behind Birk. “Yes, sir. That must be the reason, Major.” They emerged onto a quiet street. Both men scanned the lower levels of cut stone buildings shrouded in pre-dawn shadows. Wide, high windows wrapped exterior walls reaching up several stories, reflecting faint images of surrounding structures. “Like you said, Major, why else would someone of Athru’s position bother with her?”
Birk’s scowl deepened. “I’m not so sure.”
A mild breeze stirred the open flaps of Birk’s jacket. Stars shimmered high above in the early-morning sky—unfamiliar stars and foreign worlds. Worlds filled with resources his nomadic society needed to survive.
Birk’s gaze drifted from the twinkling points of light. He glanced left, down the empty street, and then swung to the right, walking with a quick pace up the gentle slope. “There has to be a reason.” An underlying urgency wound through his words. “Why her?”
“A gesture of courtesy toward the girl’s father?” Marris offered. “Protocol?”
A delivery transport whirred past. Brilliant white light from the headlamps arced through what remained of the night, glinting off dark windows in the lower levels of the towering structures. Tires hummed over smooth pavement, the black body shimmered, reflecting the soft amber glow of streetlights. Birk read the words printed in an ornate style onto the side of the transport’s cargo panels, ‘Dalthar Daily News’.
Dawn approached. The flow of vehicles would soon increase.
Birk shook his head. “Athru has never exhibited a politically correct nature. If he wants something he coerces, or takes.” They reached an intersection under pale yellow light. “Athru’s aggressive, powerful. That’s what makes him a problem to our operation.” He stepped back into the concealing shadows of a building’s alcove.
Marris joined him.
“There’s more to Athru’s visit than he revealed to the authorities granting this trip. His interest in the girl is not merely diplomatic niceties.” Birk’s lips disappeared in a sneer, and his body tensed. “Tomorrow, I will put an end to Athru’s meddling.” Birk relaxed at the pleasant image that flashed in his mind.
“Yes, sir. But what about the girl?” Marris’s gaze remained fixed down the street at an approaching transport. The whirring of the engine slowed. A sleek, dark vehicle lurched quietly to a stop at the curb in front of them. The side door to the transport slid open with a whoosh.
“I’ll take care of her.” Birk’s smile returned. “After Athru.”
“You’ll kill her, too?”
An amber streetlight on the corner flickered, buzzed, and flared a harsh orange glare before resuming its soft steady glow.
“Not yet. I want to find out more about her. I’m curious why Athru’s interested. And,” Birk smirked, “I think she’s pretty, for an alien I mean.” He turned to Marris, taking in a breath, slow and deep, savoring the aroma of fresh-baked goods carried on a balmy breeze from the bakery up the street. “Would you consider her attractive, Captain?”
Marris shrugged. “Not my type. She’s high ordnance in a small package.” He stepped out of the shadows, his tone shaded with resentment. “She’s willful, opinionated, and stubborn. She’s lived a life of privilege under the protection of her father. Her kind are dangerous. A handful.” Marris shot a quick glance at Birk, and shook his head. “Not for you though, Major.” Dark hair flitted across Marris’s broad brow, aided by a sudden gust of frosty wind. His breath fogged, and icy crystals formed, drifting in the air. He frowned, hunched his shoulders, and glanced up at the sky.
A cold hand wrapped Birk in a frozen grip. He shivered, studying the night, searching the shadows. Unease prickled across his nerves, the abrupt chill from the once warm night adding concern. Just as swiftly, the breeze softened, warmed, and his disquiet passed. He dismissed the brief change as a weather phenomenon common to this world, nothing else.
“I’ve never found any woman dangerous. This one just needs to learn her place.” Birk’s lips curved, more snarl than grin. “And I will teach her.” He laughed in anticipation of the next morning’s carnage and devastation, the sound rumbling from deep in his chest.



Chapter 2


TENDRILS OF BLUE STATIC POPPED and snapped around Lieutenant Erynn Yager’s fingers as she tapped the keypad. Black numbers and symbols streamed across the white screen of her monitor. She glanced up, checking the equation on the large overhead at the front of the cramped classroom and smiled, her answer correct.
Delicate blue currents reached out and wrapped around her hands with a faint tingling sensation. In a breath Erynn whispered, “Com avlash.” She brushed at dappled shadows that danced across the pool of sunlight at the edge of her desk, amused by the wispy blue filaments tracing her movements. They flowed like a lazy stream, trailing the path her fingertips traveled before the energy faded. As the static disappeared, she glanced around to make sure no one noticed.
No one ever had.
The buzz of winged centinents drifted in on a warm breeze through the open window next to her. She sighed and fingered the neck of her white uniform shirt, the stiff collar tight and irritating in the rising temperature.
From the front of the classroom the instructor, Major Kendal, his tan uniform meticulous, asked, “Does anyone need more time?” He scanned faces in the room. No one responded and he continued, “I trust you took into account gravitational pull, divided by trajectory angles, while factoring in speed given mass and friction before multiplying…”
Erynn tried to listen, but his incessant droning soon matched the hum from outside.
Static crackled, and the air thickened with a sinking heaviness. The temperature plunged to an icy cold, chilling her moist skin. A sweet, spicy aroma replaced the electronic scent of computers and sour sweat of bodies pressed into a tight space for too long. She glanced out the window and frowned. What—
Broad yellow, orange, and red leaves trembled in the breeze. Brown stone buildings melded with the blue sky and manicured green lawns. The colors ran, blurred, and morphed into dark oily shapes with faint outlines of long arms and legs. She stiffened and squeezed her eyes shut. Images played in her mind like a silent vid in fast-forward.
Flash—a brilliant jeweled city nestled in a deep green forest. Flash—majestic spires of trees surrounding a clearing, the woods tossed in a violent windstorm. Flash—mountain peaks covered by snow and ice.
More impressions swirled and sped by, eclipsing her thoughts, taking control.
Bright pinpoints of red and orange exploded, swarming under her closed lids. The high-pitched sound of a hundred musical instruments in discord screamed in her mind. The syrupy aroma intensified. She caught two words through the cacophony—a plea, and a warning.
“Cadjoo. Mabrath.”
Her chest constricted, unable to expand.
Help. Death.
The meaning of these two words, in a language she’d made up as a child, took her breath. She pushed recognition away, refusing the insistent vision that pried at the corners of her mind seeking purchase.
Prophecy.
The word slithered across her nerves like a dry whisper.
Heart thudding, her lids flew open. At the periphery of her vision, the sparkling colors blinked out, and the heavy atmosphere in the room lifted. Erynn’s ears popped and the shrieking voices died, sudden quiet making her believe the shrill proclamation left her deaf. She jumped up, chair legs screeching backward on polished tile as the desk banged into the seat in front of her. “No!” Her shout rang out in the small, quiet room.
Floor heaving like rolling waves, she leaned against the desk on unsteady legs. Startled students in her weapons-and-tactics class stared at her, most of them shaking their heads and smirking. Ridicule and resentment came as a barrage of stinging barbs digging under her skin. Concentrated emotions of pity, anger, concern, scorn, disgust and envy bombarded against her attempt to focus, to gain control.
In a practiced technique, Erynn envisioned a wide tunnel of white brightness spiraling into a tiny point of light. This method narrowed her exposure to the emotions of others. The reactions assailing her all but disappeared. She hissed quick breaths through clamped teeth and the nauseating sensation of motion stopped.
Sean shifted in his seat behind her. The brush of his arm against the desktop scraped like a stone pulled across a rocky surface.
Chair legs scuffed the floor with a rasping bark. Two seats ahead and to the left, Tam twisted around, her brow furrowed. She mouthed, “You okay?”
Erynn grimaced and took a quick peek over her shoulder.
Mikal slumped in the farthest seat back. He stared at her, grinned, and gave her a ‘thumbs up’ behind his arm.
She faced front, heat flooding her cheeks.
“Lieutenant Yager, is there a problem with my calculation?” Major Kendal’s harsh tone resounded through the tight space. He glared at her, his tiny gray eyes made smaller by a pinched expression.
The equation on the large overhead screen sharpened.
“No, sir. It’s correct.” Her voice squeaked out, little more than a tremulous whisper.
“Well thank you, Lieutenant.” A chuckle spread through the room. “If you would take your seat, I’d like to continue.”
Erynn cleared her throat, willing strength into her tone. “Yes, sir. I’m sorry, Major Kendal.” Erynn unlocked her knees and dropped into her chair, readjusting her desk. She wiped at the film of perspiration on her forehead and wrinkled her nose as the last of the spicy fragrance faded.
Accustomed to living with these episodes of foresight, and other odd afflictions, she’d given up hope of outgrowing this condition. Erynn hid them as best she could, keeping her peculiarity a secret, but not always under control. On occasion, her attempts to keep these abnormalities in check did fail, but never like this. Unlike her past glimpses into the future, this experience included shrill voices in the other language, bright points of color, a disharmony of sounds, and the spicy scent—none of that had ever happened before.
Now there’s more reason to talk about me besides being the youngest in class and having a politically powerful father. Aren’t I noticed enough without a bizarre outburst?
Sean leaned in from behind. “You okay?” he whispered, tugging lightly on her long braid.
Erynn nodded but remained facing forward, watching Major Kendal, who kept his attention and irritation directed at her.
Class ended moments later, and Major Kendal dismissed them. Erynn closed her small computer, shoved it in her pack, and rushed from the room. Tam, Mikal, and Sean caught up with her outside the door.
“Wait, Erynn. We can walk together.” Tam glided up to Erynn with fluid grace.
Others in the hall around them stared. The source of this reaction, Tam—her wide expressive brown eyes, and silky voice—her manner radiated confidence. Everyone noticed Tam, but in a good way.
Erynn stopped and dropped her gaze, staring at the floor. Her impression of herself, awkward, plain, and in reality much shorter than Tam, Erynn wished she possessed a fraction of the self-assurance her friend conveyed.
Mikal cuffed Erynn on the shoulder. “That was great, Erynn. I loved the expression on Kendal’s face when you jumped up and yelled.” Mikal smiled, showing perfect white teeth. “I’m sure he considered running from the room.” He chuckled, clear blue eyes gleaming with amusement. “Wish I’d done it.”
Erynn glared at Mikal.
“Mikal, shut up.” Tam punched his arm. Short black hair brushed brown cheeks as she shook her head in exasperation. “Leave Erynn alone.”
“It’s okay, Tam,” Erynn grumbled. She frowned and turned to watch the open door of the classroom they’d exited. Major Kendal’s irritation rushed from the small space like a swarm of buzzing, agitated hornacts. He wasn’t finished with her.
Major Kendal appeared, standing sideways in the gap. “Lieutenant Yager.” He motioned to her.
Mikal winced at Erynn’s glower, then shrugged, flashing more of that annoying, toothy smile.
She spun, walked to the major, and snapped a salute. “Sir?”
“You’re to report to General Brayton’s office. Immediately.” He saluted in her direction and twisted away. Heavy footsteps marching down the hall expressed his lingering annoyance.
Erynn dropped the salute Major Kendal hadn’t waited for. She tipped her head back, closed her eyes, and quietly groaned, “Oh yeah, I’m in trouble.” Erynn straightened and wheeled around, bumping into Sean. “Sorry.” She stepped back, but only a little. The calming effect of his presence flowed to her, strong and reassuring. She opened the tunnel of light to this sensation, allowing Sean’s quiet composure to sooth her rattled nerves.
“What’s up?” He gazed at her from under thick dark lashes that accentuated probing green eyes.
She glanced away, started to chew her lip, and stopped. She worked at controlling this nervous habit. “General Brayton called me to his office. Must be the base commander’s turn to give me the speech.” Erynn lowered the pitch of her voice, her brow wrinkled. “You shouldn’t expect special treatment just because you’re Commanding General Damon Yager’s daughter.”
Sean grinned at her impersonation of the general. “Maybe.” He chuckled. “We—Tam, Mikal, and I—don’t hold your parentage against you. But I meant what happened in there?” He nodded toward the empty classroom, his eyes narrowed, the grin gone.
Erynn attempted a smile. The effort made her lip twitch. “Nothing.” She shook her head. “Really.” Her gaze darted around the clearing hallway. “I gotta go.”
He stared at her for a long moment. His dark hair shone in the sunlight from the open door. “I bet I know.”
Her heart skipped a beat. “You do?”
“Yes.” Sean tipped his head and scrutinized her face. “You finally broke under Kendal’s unending lecturing and fell asleep, dreaming you were chained to the desk.” A smile threatened at the corners of his mouth. “Come on. Am I right?”
“Yes. That’s it.” She forced a nervous chuckle.
He shook his head. “You’re faking.”
Erynn sighed and nibbled at her lip. I get lots of practice hiding under a cloak of secrets. A ghost, an actor playing an illusory part in my own life.
“What’s wrong, Erynn? Maybe I can help.”
Erynn lowered her voice when an instructor approached and walked past them. “Drop it, please.” She studied shadowed patterns in the dark, polished floor.
“Sorry. Consider the subject dropped.” Sean sighed. “Don’t worry about Brayton. He hasn’t eaten a student in days.”
Erynn stared at him. “That’s supposed to make me feel better?” Her smile stiffened, pulling at her face in an unnatural manner. She gave up the façade and gazed down the empty hall. “He must be starving,” she whispered, “craving the blood of the innocent.”
“Innocent?” Sean shook his head. “Then you won’t interest him.”
Erynn crossed her arms, eyes narrowed. “You don’t know me.”
“I’m still not buying the act.” Sean turned. “Go. I’ll talk to you later,” he called as he walked down the hall.
“Who’s acting?” she yelled at his back.

***

Erynn slipped through the open door into General Brayton’s outer office. She wiped damp palms on dark-brown pants.
“Have a seat, Lieutenant.” Captain Bannick, the General’s aide, gestured to the hard black chairs against the wall. “General Brayton will be with you when he’s finished.”
“Yes, sir.” Before she took a seat, the door separating the inner office from the outer one burst open. A cadet rushed out, his face red. General Brayton glared after him. Rage from the young man slammed Erynn. She stepped back, visualized the bright tunnel spiraling into a tiny point of light, minimizing her contact to his emotion.
General Brayton turned his attention to Erynn. The lines around his severe brown eyes deepened. “Come in, Lieutenant,” he growled, and moved behind his desk. His irritation tapped at her in short bursts of energy.
Not good.
The reason for her summons must be the disruption she caused in Major Kendal’s class. Head high and shoulders squared, she stepped into General Brayton’s office.
At attention, she saluted. “Lieutenant Yager reporting as ordered, sir.” The strength behind her words didn’t betray the dropping, rolling sensation in her stomach.
Brayton returned the salute, his action stiff and mechanical. “At ease, Lieutenant.” His voice sounded taut as a keollo string tuned far too tight.
With only the suggestion of her posture relaxing, Erynn made eye contact.
General Brayton stared across the desk at her, his lips curving into a frown. Fingertips balanced on the clutter-free surface he stated, “Tomorrow, zero eight hundred, report to the hangar bay in full dress blues. Be prepared to speak with visiting dignitaries.”
“Sir?” Erynn asked, trying to keep her expression neutral, surprised by his request, and relieved. “You want me to give a presentation?”
“No, Lieutenant Yager, I do not want you to.” His voice carried in the confined space. “This isn’t my choice. There’s something about you…” He glanced out the open door, his unspoken words hanging in the air. “General Cale Athru from Arranon is visiting security headquarters, a guest of Senator Drake’s. You’re to be in attendance while he’s here, starting tomorrow morning with an Interceptor demonstration.” He turned back to her. His stare penetrated. “I’m no happier about this than you, Lieutenant.”
“I understand, sir, and I agree. Couldn’t someone else? Someone more…,” her brow knitted, “…appropriate than—”
“No,” he snapped again. “General Athru personally requested you for this detail.” He held up his hand. “And before you ask, I don’t know why.” He frowned. “Do it, Lieutenant. That is the order. For both of us.” He threw a quick salute in her direction and nodded toward the door. “Dismissed.”
Erynn returned his salute, and hurried from the general’s office.

***

Erynn trotted down the steps of base headquarters to the tree-lined quad. She stopped and leaned against a smooth bark trunk in a center copse of five sturdy old trees. Her summons to Brayton’s office hadn’t been to expel or reprimand her. But the request for a junior officer in this situation was unusual. It must be because of her dad, a gesture of respect toward the Commanding General. Perhaps some ancient form of protocol on Arranon. The ‘Be nice to a fellow commanding officer’s family’, rule. Even if that commanding officer was once a sworn enemy.
Familiar strands of blue static twisted among the branches above her. Broad yellow and green leaves jumped and fluttered as if a high wind raged through them. Thin limbs on either side remained quiet, their leaves barely stirring in the gentle breeze.
“I will not lose control,” she whispered, eyes closed. The frenzied shaking overhead quieted. Her gaze darted around the immediate area. Satisfied no one had observed the curious activity, Erynn hurried across the stone courtyard.

***

By the time simulator training ended, Erynn’s anxiety had ratcheted down to a manageable level. Simulators weren’t the same as actually flying, but they came close.
Major Caullum, the instructor, smiled at her. “Excellent flight, Lieutenant Yager, as always.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Classes over for the week, she sensed the high spirits of the other cadets as they left the building, their hurried boot steps clicking across the stone path. Mikal, Sean, and Tam walked behind Erynn. Shared good humor covered her like warm sunshine, tickling at her mind, enticing her to join in their elation. Except for Sean—his underlying anxiety folded over her like ripples on a pond.
Tam trotted up, level with Erynn. “We’re heading over to Coeunn’s later. Come with us.”
“Good idea.” Mikal chuckled. “You need some fun after today.”
Erynn glared at him and continued to walk.
“You should come, Erynn.” Sean’s smooth voice didn’t conceal the anticipation swelling in him.
Erynn stopped. “You wouldn’t mind?” She bit at her lower lip.
Mikal threw his arm around Erynn’s shoulder, pulling her with him. “Come on. You’re one of us now.”
Erynn’s gut tensed at Mikal’s touch.



Chapter 3


ERYNN FOLLOWED SEAN, TAM, AND Mikal into the bar’s dim interior. Loud, rhythmic music with a quick beat throbbed through the soles of her shoes. Cool, recycled air mixed the yeasty, bitter aromas of the beoirs with the spicy, fruity scent of harder drinks.
A burst of low laughter, deep and ominous, erupted from somewhere in the murky center of the open room. Erynn glanced toward the unsettling sound, her eyes adjusting to the hazy, low light. Three men holding glasses filled with a dark liquid lounged at a table. The men grinned, watching her progress into the wide space.
From the long, polished wooden counter on the right, a clamorous cheer rose from the crowd perched on and around stools. Erynn’s attention drifted to the DVSL screens placed the entire length of the bar, streaming a live game. Her gaze slid down from the sport playing out on a green field lined in white to the blue, red, and silver bottles reflected in a mirror below.
Etched into the glass was a life-size Interceptor fighter. The bar was an aviation memorial with Interceptors the prominent theme. Walls held pictures of past and present aircraft, pilots, and crews. Erynn moved forward, drawn to the photos, and grinned. A youthful image of her dad, tall, trim, and handsome, standing next to his Interceptor on the scramble pad, held the center position in the display. In the photo, he smiled, the skin around his blue eyes crinkled in the bright sunlight. Someday, my picture will be on this wall, with his.
“Erynn, here.” Tam tugged the back of Erynn’s shirt, then led the way to an empty table in a far corner.
Mikal signaled to the server who walked briskly over, tray tucked under one arm. “I’m buying the first round. Tam, Sean, Erynn, what do you want?”
“Beoir,” Tam said with a smile.
Sean nodded. “Sounds good.”
“Okay. Three beoirs so far. Erynn?” Mikal shifted in his chair to watch her.
Erynn glanced up at the woman waiting to take her order. “Kree, lots of ice, please.”
Mikal held his hand up to the server. “Wait, you should have a real drink. Remember, you’re here to relax and have some fun.”
“I shouldn’t have a real drink. I have to report to the main hangar at zero eight hundred.” She scowled at Mikal. “Besides, I can have fun without drinking.”
“What’s going on tomorrow?” Tam demanded. Her white top stood out under dim lights, accentuating her warm brown skin.
Another cheer rose from the bar. On the DVSL, a crowd ran onto the field.
“So, three beoirs and a Kree?” the server asked in an impatient voice when the roar quieted.
“Yes, thank you.” Erynn smiled and dropped her gaze. A pale glow from the antique lamp overhead cast indistinct shadows on the dark surface of the table.
The server turned and hurried away.
Sean, Tam, and Mikal stared at her, quiet, obviously waiting for an answer to Tam’s question.
Erynn shrugged. “It’s nothing. Some VIP from Arranon, General Cale Athru, is visiting. There’s an Interceptor demonstration in the morning, and they—well—he wants me there.” She waved her hand in a dismissive gesture. “It’s most likely because of my dad.”
“I’ve heard stories about General Athru,” Mikal said in a hushed tone, glancing over his shoulder. His refined, aristocratic features sharpened his furtive expression. “When he flew fighters back in the war, no other pilot matched him. He was unrivaled, and deadly.”
“General Athru was a pilot?” Erynn’s eyes widened, interest stirred, her hesitance regarding this assignment declining.
“Still is.” Mikal leaned over the table. “They say he’s some kind of wizard, capable of controlling people’s minds.”
Erynn frowned and studied Mikal.
Tam scoffed, “What do you mean, wizard? Like magic, potions, and spells? I don’t believe in that nonsense.” She crossed her slender brown arms on the table.
Mikal tipped his head. Wisps of blond hair fell over his brow and around his ears. “I’m only telling you what I’ve been told.”
Erynn brushed curls from her forehead, raking the unruly strands through her fingers. Her short-lived optimism over meeting General Athru, the pilot, faded. She expelled a breath through pursed lips. Unease flitted at the edge of her awareness. She glanced around the murky room, filling with people.
Nothing.
Their drinks arrived and Mikal handed the server a global transaction card. She swiped the square orange chip through a slotted scanner attached to her tray before returning it to Mikal.
Erynn pushed her apprehension away and wrapped her hand around the frosty glass. She sipped at the dark, sweet liquid. A loud moan sounded from the bar. Her gaze didn’t chase the unhappy sounds. A server dashed by, holding a heaping plate, sizzling, and steaming. The heavy aroma of something fried wafted over.
Sean tipped his head toward Erynn, his voice low and reassuring. “What they say about General Athru is a myth invented during a troubled time.” He shook his head. Short dark hair stayed neatly in place. “None of the stories are true. He’s a man—a person no different than me or you, Erynn.”
“Is he a good sorcerer or a bad sorcerer?” Tam asked and smiled. Delight danced about her gold-flecked brown eyes.
Sean grinned. “Maybe Erynn can tell us after she meets him tomorrow.”
Erynn realized she’d leaned into Sean. She straightened, observing the amber glow of the lamp play over his face, giving the appearance of pale bruises above high cheekbones. A blue arc of static shimmered across his green eyes. No, not possible. A trick of the light. She pulled her gaze away.
Mikal raised his hands in a gesture of defeat. “Okay, okay. There’s no such thing as sorcery. My sources weren’t that reliable anyway.” His blue eyes shone with humor, not static.
Erynn watched the people and began to relax. The bar filled and the noise level increased.
Sean shook his empty glass. “I believe it’s Erynn’s turn to buy the next round. She did get the second highest points in simulator training today.”
Erynn glanced over at Mikal and smirked. “After Mikal.” Unable to gain the server’s attention in the growing crowd, she pushed out of her chair, and wound through the throng. She squeezed into an opening midway down the long counter. The bartender nodded in her direction, holding up one pudgy finger. He returned to his task, pouring drinks into tall, icy glasses. A thin crust of frost melted on each, sliding down to puddle on the bar. The bartender placed the drinks on a tray, grabbed a thick, white cloth, and wiped the counter with practiced movements.
Erynn’s gaze locked on the Interceptor etched in the mirror behind the shelves of colorful bottles. Short wings tapered back below the pilot’s compartment, the sleek long body exuding deadly power.
Someday, soon, I’ll fly an Interceptor. A thrill of anticipation passed through her.
A heavy man with a soft, round face and shaggy, graying hair blocked her view. “What can I get for you?”
“Three beoirs and a Kree, lots of ice, please.”
He grinned. “So you’re the Kree drinker.”
“That’s me.” She smiled.
His gaze darted behind her, and his smile dropped, lips pulling into a frown. “I’ll send the drinks to your table.”
“I’ll wait if you want.” Erynn wondered at the sudden change in his manner.
“No. I’ll send them over,” he said, his tone dark. “I’m a little behind. Full crowd.” He dashed to the far end of the bar.
Erynn turned to face three men standing in a semicircle in front of her. Two dressed in black tunics, quilted pants, and heavy boots. The third, an older man in the middle, had on a well used white flight suit. They each wore their long, straight hair clasped in elaborate clips at the back of their necks. They’re from Arranon. She took a step back, bumping the bar edge.
The older one smiled. The lines around his eyes and mouth deepened. “Lieutenant Yager, Erynn. I’m General Athru. I’ve been looking forward to meeting you. May I take you away from your friends for a moment?” His voice carried over loud music and bursts of shouted conversations in the room. He gestured to a booth against the wall.
The bottles stacked in front of the mirror shook and rattled. Erynn spun around. “Stop,” she demanded in a rasping whisper. She hadn’t triggered glass to fall and break since she’d learned to control this reaction to her emotions as a child.
The rattling ceased and the jangling calmed. Blue currents of electricity circled the bottles and disappeared. The three men watched her reflection with amused expressions.
She pushed deep red hair falling in a tumble of loose curls away from blushed cheeks. Her electric blue eyes reflected unease, shining bright in the dark mirror. She cringed and averted her gaze.
The bartender faced the bottles and held up his hands. “What’s going on?” He turned back, wiggling thick fingers. “Ghosts,” he said in a mocking whisper and laughed a little too loudly along with the patrons.
Erynn pivoted in a slow turn to the three men.
General Athru tilted his head, still smiling. “Relax, Erynn. I’m not the enemy.” He gestured again to the booth. “Please. It’s essential we talk.”
She glanced back to where Sean, Mikal, and Tam sat. She couldn’t see them in the crowd, which meant they didn’t notice her situation.
“You can return to your friends. I only need a moment.” General Athru gestured toward the booth again.
Outwardly, Erynn remained composed, refusing to show the apprehension that had her insides doing somersaults. She smoothed the light fabric of her sleeveless blue top over her stomach. “Yes, of course, General Athru.” She nodded and walked to the booth.
The three men followed.
General Athru slid in across from her. “This is Jaer, Fayn of the Anbas Warriors of Arranon.” He motioned to the powerful young man slipping in next to her.
Erynn glanced up into deep-brown eyes. A neat dark beard and mustache framed his strong jaw. Fayn? He’s so young. I thought the leader of Arranon’s death warriors would be old, like General Athru. His black hair fanned over his shoulder and brushed against her bare arm. “Sir.”
Jaer nodded. “Lieutenant.”
General Athru cleared his throat. “And this is Captain Tiar, an Interceptor pilot.”
Erynn’s attention snapped to the man next to General Athru. “You fly Interceptors?”
Captain Tiar’s green eyes studied her. His lips turned in a slight smile under high cheekbones. “Yes, I do. Word is you’re quite a good pilot. You plan to fly Interceptors?”
“Yes.” She nodded. “Like my dad.”
The three men exchanged glances.
“I worked with Damon Yager. He’s a good man.” General Athru shrugged, then grinned. “We were both much younger at the time.” He stared at Erynn, his hands on the table. “You’ve been told you’re to be my guide while I’m on the base?”
“Yes, sir. I assumed your request was because of my dad.”
Jaer pushed against the seat back, arms crossed, and took a deep breath, glaring at General Athru.
Annoyance rushed from Jaer, flowing over Erynn. Like icy water, his unease surged, chilling her. “What’s going on, General?” Her gaze darted from Jaer, to Tiar, who watched the growing crowd, and then to General Athru.
General Athru tipped his head toward Jaer. “The Fayn and I have recently become allies. He’s protective and doesn’t agree with my method of approaching you. Unfortunately, this is unavoidable. You wouldn’t have come this far if you weren’t tough, a survivor.” His intense gaze never leaving her face, he picked up his glass and finished the remaining swallow. “I’d like to talk to you about your father. The matter is crucial.”
Erynn wiped moist palms on dark pants. The rhythm of her heart matched the upbeat tempo of the music. “That’s what you said, General. Why? What’s wrong?”
General Athru took a deep breath and nodded. “Your biological father, Zander Tourani, and I were good friends long before you were born—”
“No. How…? You can’t have this information,” Erynn blinked, frowned, and shook her head. Her fingers tingled with a rush of adrenaline. She pushed against the edge of the table. “I have to go.” She glowered up at Jaer. “Let. Me. Out. Sir.”
Jaer put one arm over the back of the booth and the other on the table. “Listen, please, Lieutenant.” He had a slight accent, his words spoken with slow precision. “Listen and then you may leave…if you still want to.”
She drew her focus from Jaer’s dark eyes and stared straight ahead, watching none of them. “Go ahead. Talk. Make it quick.”
“You didn’t deny Zander is your father. I guess you’re aware of that much,” General Athru said, his tone optimistic.
Erynn glared at a glowing beoir sign pulsing green, blue, and yellow on the wall behind the general and Captain Tiar. “I’m aware, General, Zander abandoned my mother. If Damon hadn’t married her and kept my secret, who knows where I would have ended up after my mother died.”
“I understand you must be hurt.” General Athru’s face tensed. “But Zander didn’t abandon you. There was more to his actions, or lack of them, than appeared on the surface.” His gaze slid to Jaer. “Go get Erynn a drink.” He looked back at her and tipped his head. “Kree, extra ice?”
She narrowed her eyes. “No. Thank you.” She paused. “Sir.”
General Athru glanced at Jaer and nodded toward the bar.
Jaer pushed out of his seat. “I will be right back.” He tapped her shoulder. “Stay put. Please. You will find what Cale has to say helpful.” He smiled and his dark eyes softened.
Erynn’s cheeks warmed, and she ducked her head to hide the blush.
Jaer chuckled and strode toward the bar. His amusement traced over her irritation, increasing her displeasure at their presence and his presuming attitude.
General Athru’s voice pressed through her annoyance. “Tiar, go tell Erynn’s friends where she is. Bring Sean, your brother, back to our booth. You haven’t visited with him for a while. And I think his being here might make Erynn more comfortable.”
Erynn bit her lip and stared at Captain Tiar. Her head spun with the implications. Tiar and Sean brothers? It’s not possible.
Captain Tiar slipped from the booth, his movements defined and agile. He moved through the crowd, shifting around people like water between stones.
“You aren’t the only one with a mixed heritage, Erynn. That is what you believe, isn’t it? That you are the only half Arranon, half Korin to live, born without a deadly inheritance?” General Athru sighed. “I’m sorry to tell you in this way. I don’t have a choice. Our worlds are in danger.”
“Danger?” Erynn’s pulse jumped, now outpacing the current tune. Her bare skin prickled with a foreboding chill, and she rubbed her arms. She scrutinized the general, her forehead creased. “What kind of danger? From what, sir?” The vision of warning from earlier, in the classroom, jumped to the forefront of her thoughts.
“Let me back up a little and start at the beginning. There’s more to tell you about Zander than his just being your father. He, and your mother, passed on some extraordinary powers to you. I…our worlds need your help.”
“Powers? Me?” Her voice barely a whisper, she shook her head. “I don’t understand. I can’t do anything…powerful, anything that would save our worlds.”
Jaer returned with Erynn’s Kree and two beoirs. He set them down and slid in next to her.
She crossed her arms and leaned away, into the corner.
General Athru nodded. “You may have more affect on the outcome of our worlds than you realize.” He continued, his tone harsh. “Relationships between our people are forbidden. The reasoning behind this insensitive law is the alleged deformed and stillborn children born to the combination of Arranon and Korin parents. This lie was invented by our mutual governments in an attempt to stop further births, to scare prospective parents into submission.” He paused, watching her. The hard edge of his voice softened. “The truth is far more miraculous. Children born with a mixed parentage have heightened abilities. Like you, Erynn.”
“I still don’t understand, sir.” Erynn’s hands clenched in her lap, nails digging her palms. “What makes you think our governments want to hide these facts about the children?”
General Athru leaned forward, his arms crossed on the table between them. “What could these remarkable children become? What would happen when their abilities far surpassed those of the average population?” His posture tensed and he gazed out over the room.
Erynn glanced around. Nothing and everything caught her attention.
General Athru lowered his voice. “Would these mixed-blood people use their superior abilities to make slaves of those not like them? This possibility frightened the governments of our two worlds, creating a deep and bitter rift that remains to this day.”
Erynn frowned. “Our governments feared those children would grow up and take over?”
“Yes,” General Athru said with emphasis. His words pushed out between clenched teeth, his voice shaking. “Hired assassins hunted down and murdered children of mixed parentage, along with their families, to preserve the government’s control.”
His anger touched her, cold and strong, slipping over her already icy skin. Erynn shivered and narrowed her exposure, focusing on General Athru’s message. “Children, murdered because…” She stopped, about to say because they, like her, had a mixed parentage.
“Yes, Erynn,” General Athru said quietly. “Damon kept you safe, your true parentage a secret, not because he feared you would be considered an oddity, a rare case endlessly studied and examined because you lived. He knew they would find a way to kill you.”
Erynn glanced around the room, expecting everyone to be staring at her, aware of what she was. Only Jaer watched her. His dark eyes held a strange mix of compassion, concern, and…pain.
The general’s voice broke into her musings. “I made a promise to Zander that I would try to educate and empower both Arranon and Korin to the astonishing possibilities of children born of mixed parentage. That they could become a unifying basis for our two worlds.”
Erynn shook her head. “Why didn’t Zander come tell me this, General? Why did he send you?”
General Athru lowered his head and stared at his clasped hands. “Zander died just before you were born.” He glanced up, sorrow etched in the lines around his eyes.
“I’m sorry for your loss.” She acknowledged the general’s grief, but experienced no emotion at the news of Zander’s death, a man she’d never known. “So you’re here because I’m different, sir.”
“I prefer special, or gifted.” General Athru nodded. “And, yes, I’m here partially due to your abilities. I’m also here to promote a stronger alliance between our two worlds. The need to unify is vital.” He straightened. “I believe you can help unite Korin and Arranon.”
Erynn shook her head. “You’re not serious, are you? I’m just a student, a nobody. What can I do?” She paused, waiting for him to respond. He only stared at her, his features blurring under the blue static that wound around him. She inhaled sharply and glanced at Jaer.
Nothing.
No wispy filaments of chaotic electricity snapped around him.
Jaer leaned forward, closing the gap between them. “You are the commanding general’s daughter and a future Interceptor pilot. That combined with your Arranon heritage will show the people of both worlds we can stand as one, without fear.” His warm breath drifted over her, scented by the spicy beoir he drank.
General Athru observed the activity in the room again. “I’ve always experienced premonitions, but recently, they’ve become disturbing.” He frowned. “Have you had any premonitions or alarming dreams, Erynn?”
“I-I…” Erynn shook her head.
General Athru whispered, “You can tell me.”
“They’re not clear.” She pressed back against her seat. Because I ignored and pushed them aside.
General Athru stiffened. “I understand,” he said, his words clipped. “This is not something you’re used to talking about.”
Captain Tiar returned and slipped back into the booth. Long dark hair slid over his shoulder, a wave of darker shadows against his black tunic.
Sean followed and pulled a chair over to sit at the end of the table. He nodded to General Athru and Jaer but didn’t look at Erynn. Instead, he stared at his hands and picked at a nail. His eyebrows drew together and his jaw tightened. “I’m sorry, Erynn. I was going to tell you. Things started to happen. Fast.”
Erynn glared at Sean. Her teeth tugged the inside of her cheek until she tasted the salty hint of blood. “You knew,” she whispered. “Everything. I mean…about…” There was no air left around her. Her lungs ached, short breaths coming in quick gasps. She shoved Jaer, his arm solid under her fingers. “Let…me out. Now.”
“Calm down. Slow your breathing.” Jaer took her hand with a gentle strength, her palm captured over his heart. “Like this.” He inhaled and exhaled with a slow, even rhythm.
Green, blue, and purple points of light burst around Jaer.
High singing voices in her mind chorused, “Ahfarine.” Trust.
A spicy, sweet aroma filled air once redolent with the heady scent of beoir, flowery perfumes, and musky colognes.
Jaer was so close, so warm. A force that seemed outside of her control plunged her into his enigmatic energy. Lines between Jaer’s shape and hers blurred. The scene around her became vague, all soft shadows and motionless forms inside a gray mist. Her hand rose and fell under his. Her respirations became a measured tide, united with the surge of his slow, steady breaths. Her ears filled with his rhythmic breathing and steady heartbeat, blocking all other sound.
Blue tendrils of static swirled from the center of her chest and down her arm, circling Jaer’s hand and hers. An electric buzz stirred every nerve ending in her body. Fire exploded under her skin. A wild rush of heat flooded her face. Her response to Jaer’s touch surprised her. She hadn’t seen him coming. There had been no glimpse of him in her future.
Jaer smiled, chuckling. “Hmmm. That is interesting.”
The sights and sounds of the bar rushed back in, surrounding her.
His response to her energy, an energy he couldn’t see, but could feel, tied a knot in her stomach. She didn’t think her face could hold more heat. She must be pulsing, visible to infrared scanners in deep space. “Sorry.”
“Never apologize for who you are.” Jaer tightened his grip and glanced down at his hand.
The blue charge faded, lightly winding around his fingers. Erynn jerked her hand from under his. She brushed curls from her eyes, gaze darting from Sean to Captain Tiar, and stopping on General Athru. “General, I don’t think I’m who—what you’re looking for.”
“You’re Zander and Alessa’s daughter, and Damon Yager’s adoptive daughter. You are exactly who I’m looking for.” General Athru waved his hand in a dismissive gesture. “And would you call me Cale, please? We are far less formal on Arranon. The use of my title is unnecessary.”
Some of Jaer’s inimitable power seemed to have transferred to her. Her voice strong and sure, she asked, “General Athru, what is this danger our worlds face?”



Chapter 4


FROM HER PRISTINE WHITE PEAKED barracks cover to tall, polished black boots, Erynn exemplified military excellence. She stood in the massive hangar, watching for the arrival of General Brayton escorting the guests from Arranon.
Sunlight streamed in the open bay doors, warming the frosty morning air. The brilliant rays highlighted six gleaming white Interceptor fighters occupying the forward position. A breeze fragrant with the myriad scents of trees lining the airstrip, electronics, and the heating tarmac further awakened her senses. Erynn gazed out at the wide, blue sky, and longed to fly with them.
Speakers echoed instructions and pertinent information through the vast space. Pilots in crisp tan flight suits ducked under short wings, hands caressing the sleek, long-bodied Interceptors. They talked with support crewmembers in pale-gray jumpsuits, checking each ship. Activity surrounded her, the din familiar and comforting.
However, General Athru’s dreams and premonitions kept running through her mind. The evening before, he’d revealed his certainty of an alien presence on Korin and Arranon, a formidable enemy hidden in plain sight, preparing to attack.
Visions she’d ignored.
Warmth crept into her face. She rolled her neck and shoulders to ease the tension building in her muscles.
Her com-phone vibrated in her pocket. She dug out the three-centimeter disc, and slipped the clip around her ear. The smooth surface of the disc connected magnetically with the chip beneath her skin. A mechanical voice announced a call from Commanding General Yager. Erynn tapped the disc, activated the transfer, and linked with the caller. “Dad!”
“Hey, stranger. Where’s all those long energetic calls you promised. Haven’t heard from you in days.” Her dad’s warm voice and composure soothed her jangled nerves.
“Sorry about that. They keep us pretty busy.”
“How are classes going?”
She injected cheer into her tone. “They’re good. I’m in the main hangar now. I’ve been invited to an Interceptor demonstration.”
“Yes. I was advised.” He paused. “How is Cale—General Athru?” His tone deepened. “I’m trying to remember the last time I spoke with him.” A tremor edged his words. “I understood Zander, Cale, or someone like them, would come for you one day. I didn’t believe…I hoped it wouldn’t be this soon. You’re too young.”
Tension rushed back into every muscle. She straightened her shoulders and her brow creased. “What do you mean someone would come for me one day? Why?” She sensed General Athru’s approach and surveyed the area.
“I’m worried about you, about what this means.”
She tried to ease his concerns. “It doesn’t mean anything. General Athru is just here to talk about Korin and Arranon—how we can be better, stronger together, with no secrets or lies to divide us.”
“Yes. Zander hoped to unite our two worlds and bring about an understanding that mixed blood children are not a threat, but a blessing.” He sighed. “I should have done more—”
“Dad. You did everything you could, especially for me. I turned out okay, didn’t I?”
He chuckled. “You’re better than okay, Erynn. Your mother would be proud of you. I am.”
“So don’t worry about me. I’m good. It’s not like I’m going into battle. And I love watching the Interceptors.” A trace of yearning tinged her voice when she added, “Someday I’ll even get to fly one.” Erynn glanced toward a side door of the hangar. The access opened and General Brayton entered the hangar bay ahead of Captain Tiar, Jaer, and General Athru. Brayton, an imitation of a smile on his lips, swept his arm to indicate the expansive space to the three men. His tailored, dark-blue dress uniform stood out beside General Athru’s simple white flight suit, and Jaer’s and Captain Tiar’s black tunics and quilted pants.
“I’ll bring dinner to the house tonight. Tell you all about my day. And you can tell me what makes you think General Athru has come for me, and why.”
“Dinner with you sounds good.” He hesitated. “And I will. I’ll tell you everything. Just know I love you, Erynn.”
Erynn dipped her head and smiled. The affection in his voice accomplished what she couldn’t force. Tight muscles in her neck eased their hold. “I love you, too, Dad.” She glanced up, watching numerous men and women in blue uniforms hurry into the hangar bay from several directions. “What’s with all the security? They’re everywhere.”
The long squeak of her dad’s desk chair suggested he leaned back to gaze out the wide window on his right, an action she’d witnessed many times. “Well, General Brayton wants to make sure our guests—”
A crackling buzz filled her ear. “Dad? Are you there? Dad?” The static grew to a piercing screech. She scowled and yanked the com-phone away, breaking the connection.
A flurry of movement caught Erynn’s attention. A man in a tan flight suit wove through the gathered crews. His tousled brown hair bounced with each determined step he took toward…toward General Athru. He smirked and the purpose of his presence washed over her.
Mabrath. Death.
Erynn’s com-phone slipped from her fingers and she ran on an intersecting course with the assassin’s path. She needed to slow the man’s rapid advance on General Athru and alert security.
Erynn slowed to a trot, then stopped in front of the man, halting his unwavering progress. She took a quick glance at his collar brass and the name stitched over his right breast pocket. Erynn snapped a quick salute. “Major Birk. Good. I found you.”
Major Birk returned her salute and smiled. His odd pale eyes flashed with amusement.
“Excuse me, Major, Control has a question regarding the course for the Interceptors this morning. Captain Trask,” Erynn gestured in the direction of flight control, “from the tower, asked me to come find you.”
Major Birk chuckled. “Captain Trask asked you to find me, Lieutenant…Yager?”
“Yes, Major. Lieutenant Yager. General Brayton requested—”
“I know about the general’s request, Lieutenant. And I know about you.” Major Birk’s smile widened and his near colorless eyes brightened.
Alien eyes? Cold sweat trickled from Erynn’s hairline, down her neck to the hollow of her back. Mouth dry, breath harsh in her ears behind the pounding of her heart, she stepped forward. She did a quick survey of the immediate area, searching for even one of the security officers swarming the hangar only moments ago. No one stood close enough to help.
Erynn continued the charade, hoping to catch someone’s attention. She screwed up her courage, frowned, and in a loud voice stated, “Captain Trask has requested your immediate attendance in the tower, Major.”
Major Birk scowled, glanced around, and then nodded. “I see.” His smile returning, he held up a finger. “But first I need to finish one little task. It won’t take long.” His hand whipped out, fingers grasping her upper arm. At the same time, with his other hand he pulled a staser pistol from his pocket.
Erynn stiffened and winced as the short staser barrel jabbed her ribs.
Birk forced her in front of him. “Come with me, Lieutenant Yager. I want you to watch.”
Erynn shuffled forward. “You’ll never get away with this. Security will stop you before you get close enough to kill General Athru.”
“How did you know—Never mind. There will be time for answers soon.” Birk pushed her toward the pilots, flight crews, and security gathering around General Brayton and General Athru. He leaned his mouth against her ear, his breath hot. “Make any sound of warning and I’ll amend my original plans and kill you right here. Understand?”
Erynn frowned. Amend what original plans?
Not good.
Birk’s fingers tightened on her arm. “Understand?”
Erynn nodded, and considered her options. With so many security officers present, she only needed to make one, anyone, aware of her situation.
Birk pressed up to a security officer on his right, making eye contact with the man.
The officer gave Birk a subtle nod and stepped aside, clearing their path to General Athru.
Erynn hesitated, staring at the security officer, and stumbled as Birk thrust her forward.
Birk jerked her steady. “If you’re thinking there’s a way out of this, a way you can somehow save him, think again.” He removed the staser from Erynn’s side and aimed the weapon toward General Athru, finger on the trigger. “I’m done with his interference.” A barely audible click sounded and a bright flare erupted from the tip of the weapon.
Erynn reacted, hands raised, palms up, blue tendrils of electricity edged with purple shot from her fingertips. She didn’t even know if this trick would work. A wave of snapping, popping static energy like a blast from a bomb raced ahead of the white hot bolt shooting from the staser and over General Athru.
Time slowed.
General Athru spun around, raising his arms in a defensive gesture.
Brilliant white heat from the weapon decelerated, pulsed in a calculated beat in the thick, still air, and stopped less than a meter from General Athru. Silence descended like a solid blanket, a near palpable quiet, everyone frozen in the moment.
Everyone except Erynn, General Athru, and Captain Tiar.
The general twisted, his body fluid motion, long hair fanned around him. Sunlight caught the copper color, making the orange-gold stand out among the heavy strands of gray. He glanced at Erynn and nodded, a fleeting smile touching his lips. His attention darted back to Birk.
Captain Tiar sidestepped, to place himself at an angle between the general and Birk.
The wave rebounded, whirled in a flash around Erynn, and disappeared. The scene reanimated, slowly at first, lurching into the moment.
The bolt slid past where General Athru stood and sizzled against the wall.
Time accelerated and caught up to the present.
Birk jerked Erynn in front of him. Arm wrapped around her throat, he pressed the staser to her cheek. The low rumble of his frustration boiled up from deep in his chest. “Missed? Impossible.”
Aimed weapons swept the space, staser fire crossing.
Captain Tiar pushed General Athru behind the line of security advancing on the assailant. Another group of men in blue, gray, and tan uniforms pressed forward, shielding Birk and Erynn, weapons firing.
Erynn fought, pulling and scratching at Birk’s arm. His elbow remained locked. She kicked back, connecting with empty space.
A woman appeared from around the tail fin of the closest Interceptor, a staser rifle aimed at Birk. Staser pistols blasting, a white bolt crackled through the air. A charred hole sizzled in the woman’s blue uniform over her heart. She fell, twitching on the cold black floor of the hangar.
Birk tightened his arm, squeezing, cutting off Erynn’s breath.
Eyes wide, she twisted, yanking in desperation at Birk’s stony grip around her throat.
From ahead and to her right, Jaer rushed toward her, teeth bared, hands fisted. Three men in blue uniforms converged, tackling him to the ground.
Birk rapped the staser tip against Erynn’s temple in a painful staccato. “Stop fighting me.” He loosened his grip and the tapping ceased. “You may prove useful.”
Useful? Erynn gasped, coughed, and choked, air filling her burning lungs. Staser blasts flashed through the space, so close, heat blazed against her cheek. The air reeked of ozone, smoke, blood, and scorched flesh.
One of the men covering Birk dropped in front of Erynn, the side of his face missing.
Birk fired through the opening left by the dead man before the ranks closed. He glanced to his right and shouted to a heavy built man rushing to his side, “Marris, contact the transport. Get me out of here.”
Marris spoke fast and loud into a com on his collar, the words unintelligible. He yelled over the chaos, “Contact made, Major.”
Erynn’s head swam. The stench of death turned her stomach. Breath rasped through her raw throat, uneven and fast. Anger flared, thawing the ice of fear. She pushed more effort into freeing herself, and kicked back. The force of her boot heel against Birk’s shin reverberated inside her.
Birk stumbled and groaned. A string of unfamiliar words hissed between his clenched teeth.
She raked her fingers into and across his muscled arm with satisfaction.
A ground transport rushed into the hangar, screeching to a stop behind them. The door slid open with a whoosh.
Birk backed up, dragging a thrashing Erynn. “Kill them all,” he shouted above the battle. He adjusted his hand around the staser and punched the side of Erynn’s face.
Bright lights burst before her eyes, replaced by thick blackness. Jaer’s roar of rage penetrated her consciousness as sound faded in a low, droning hiss.



Chapter 5


JAER STRUGGLED TO HIS FEET, breaking his assailants’ grasps with sheer force of will. He struck out with the heel of his hand, a quick right—left—right into three noses, leaving his attackers bloody and quivering on the floor. He raced toward the transport as two men pulled an unconscious Erynn inside.
Staser blasts flared across the wide expanse of the hangar bay. Men and women scrambled for cover, returning fire.
Charged by another two attackers, Jaer roared with frustration as they obstructed his forward drive.
Mere meters away, the transport door slammed shut with a loud crack.
Jaer grabbed the closest by the collar of his blue security uniform, and tossed him aside like a discarded wrapper. Jaer’s momentum restored, he stretched forward, reaching for the access lever.
A second man in a gray jumpsuit rammed Jaer. The assailant wrapped Jaer’s chest and arms, constraining him in a powerful hold.
Engine rumbling to a throaty roar, tires squealed on the slick black floor. The rear of the vehicle slid back and forth, until finding purchase on the tarmac outside wide hangar doors.
Jaer stiffened and exhaled. He pressed one hand up between his body and the assailant’s. His fingers grasped, raking at the man’s throat, squeezing, digging in, drawing thin lines of blood.
The man hissed through gritted teeth as he pushed forward, boots scrambling. His arms squeezed Jaer’s chest, driving out what little breath remained.
Jaer held his position, fingers tightening their grip around the man’s throat. He drove forward, ignoring the crush of the stocky man’s grasp.
Jaws clenched, Jaer lifted his opponent upward, every muscle straining. Both men grunted with conflicting efforts. Jaer sucked air into empty lungs as the assailant’s hold weakened.
The man sputtered and kicked, tried to jerk away from Jaer’s grasp, but his feet no longer touched the floor.
Jaer glared into the enemy’s distorted, reddening face and recognized fear in his eyes. “Yes, you will die.”
The man coughed and gagged, wheezing in an effort to breathe. His fingers grabbed Jaer’s wrist, attempting to loosen the choking grip. The other hand fumbled at his holstered weapon, pulling the staser free.
In a fluid motion, Jaer turned his assailant, encircling his arm around the man’s neck from behind. “Nice try,” Jaer snarled.
The man’s hand holding the staser came back, aimed at Jaer’s face. The weapon wobbled, dipped, and rose. A wild shot burst into the air above them.
Jaer brought his other hand around to cover the man’s chin, and yanked sideways in a quick, sharp movement.
A loud snap sounded and the man quivered, arms dropping limp at his sides, exhaling in a long hiss. Released from Jaer’s hold, he fell to the floor in a crumpled heap.
Jaer ran to the open hangar door and out onto the scramble pad, dodging staser fire. He squinted in the bright sun, wiping at sweat burning his eyes.
The transport raced around the far end of the building, sunlight glinting off the rear window.
Jaer turned back, sprinting inside. Alarms blared. Final staser bolts crossed, screaming through the air, replaced by moans of the injured, and urgent orders called over speakers.
The battle over, Security searched bodies for weapons and information, ensuring the enemy was either dead or detained. Others tended to the wounded, or called for hovercraft to evacuate the injured.
Jaer stormed inside wondering how many enemy agents continued to play their roles. He grabbed Brayton by the front of his jacket, and lifted him off the ground. Clustered medals decorating the left breast of Brayton’s jacket came loose and clattered to the floor. Jaer’s voice echoed through the large space above the turmoil of the scene. “Explain to me again, Brayton, why I was not allowed to carry a weapon.”
Face pale, his eyes wide, Brayton pulled at Jaer’s hand. “Let go,” he croaked.
Weapons drawn, security rushed Jaer. A woman yelled, “Release him and step away. I will shoot.”
Jaer released Brayton with a shove, and he stumbled backward, gasping.
Brayton waved off security, nodding to the woman. “Stand down.” He winced and covered the wound on his upper arm, fresh blood dripping around his fingers. “General Athru, control your people.”
“Why?” Cale glared at Brayton. “Because of your incompetence, we walked into an ambush, and Erynn Yager has been taken hostage.”
Tiar moved next to Jaer. “The transport should be easy to monitor.” He winced and fingered a rip in the sleeve of his black tunic.
“That won’t be necessary,” Brayton seethed. “They’ll never leave the base. Security is on this.”
“Security? Those were your people, Brayton,” Cale spat. “I warned you this could happen. You’ve been compromised. Now you can’t trust anyone.” He nodded to Tiar. “Get Captain Tiar the monitoring signature of that transport. Now. The captain and I are taking Interceptors. They’ll try to get Erynn off Korin.”
“You’re not taking my fighters, Athru. My people…” Brayton glanced around the hangar. His mouth opened and closed.
“Beirig din,” Cale cursed, advancing on Brayton. “Do you want to tell the commanding general his daughter is gone? Taken by an alien force masquerading as members of your security teams, crewmembers, and pilots?”
Brayton’s face burned red and he glared at Cale. “Prepare two fighters,” he bellowed.
Alarms continued to blare. Speakers flooded the intermittent silence with rushed commands. Jaer turned and made his way through the chaos. His sworn duty to protect Arranon included, according to Cale, keeping Erynn safe.
His thoughts slipped to the previous evening—the warmth of Erynn’s blush and the static tingle that wound around his fingers. Her touch warmed frozen emotions—emotions he believed dead, emotions best forgotten, and if not forgotten—Jaer shook his head, jaw clenched—denied.
Erynn’s powers and abilities set her apart. He accepted her greater purpose and would die defending this end.
The ship he, Cale, and Tiar arrived in the day before wasn’t a fighter, but it did have staser cannons. Jaer reached the ship and performed a quick inspection outside. Inside, he accessed the computer and ran a system’s test. The small craft checked out, un-tampered with, ready to fly—the alien enemy obviously confident in their plan to assassinate Cale here on Korin.
Jaer smiled. He’d gained insight into this enemy’s weakness. Overconfidence. They would underestimate Arranon—and her people, too.



Chapter 6


ERYNN WOKE IN INCREMENTS, AWARE of the soft whir of an engine humming at the edge of her consciousness. Her eyelids fluttered and opened. The spinning interior of the transport wavered, black seat backs blurring into gray door panels. Eyes closed to ease her vertigo, she made a mental assessment from the top of her head to her toes. Everything moved at her command. No pain, except the throb under her right eye. She reached up with a jerky motion and winced, fingers touching the spot on her cheek where Birk struck her.
Birk’s voice sounded distant behind the soft buzzing in her ears. “We need to lose the vehicles behind us, Captain Pak. Find a busy area in the city. This vehicle’s signature is traceable. We need a new one.”
“You’ll never make it off base,” Erynn said in a slurred but certain tone. She rolled her head and glared in the direction of Birk’s voice. Her vision cleared and the dizzy whirling in her head faded. She recoiled at her position, slumped between Birk and Marris in the back of the transport.
Birk laughed, arrogant and loud. “We already have.” His strong, square jaw tightened. He stared at her, black pupils constricted inside almost colorless irises.
Erynn pushed upright, her sudden movement caused a sharp pain to knife through her head. She sucked in a breath at the city streaming by outside the tinted window. “How did you…?” She glanced at Marris in his blue security uniform, and then at Birk in his tan flight suit. She remembered the scene in the hangar, the men in Korin’s military uniforms drawing stasers on their team members.
Cale was right. An alien force had infiltrated their worlds.
Birk shoved her against the back of the seat. “Relax. Make this easy for both of us.” He glared at the driver. “Find us a new vehicle, Pak,” Birk repeated, more insistent this time.
“You mean steal,” Erynn accused, confident this would end soon, with Birk in custody or dead.
Marris narrowed his dark-blue eyes and glanced over her to Birk. “Feisty, isn’t she? Must be the red hair.” He chuckled. “I told you she was trouble.”
“No trouble for me.” Birk glared down at her. “She put up a good fight, though.” He frowned, flexing his left arm while he rubbed his shin with his right hand.
Pak turned down one street after another. He maneuvered through heavy traffic and managed to elude the pursuing vehicles. The transport stopped outside the rear of a commercial building in a large parking area.
“You won’t get away with this. It’s only a matter of time before they find you. My dad—”
Birk grabbed Erynn’s jaw, squeezing her into silence before releasing his painful grip. “Watch her,” he ordered Marris and climbed out of the transport.
Erynn studied Birk and scowled.
Birk moved with confidence, surveying the location before taking a thin metal object out of his pocket and using the device to open a transport. He slid inside and the vehicle came to life with a soft whir.
Marris grabbed Erynn’s arm, pulling her from one transport and pushing her toward the new one. He walked close behind, near enough his hot breath touched the back of her neck, the weapon tucked and hidden between them.
“My dad will track you down no matter what you do.”
Marris grunted. “You don’t know when to shut up, do you?” He jabbed the staser barrel between her shoulder blades. “Keep moving.”
Erynn again sat between Birk and Marris. She considered slowing time, but the brief moment allowed wouldn’t be enough to get away. In the few short timnents it took to recharge, they would be on her. She could manipulate the electromagnetic field—give them all a good shock. Satisfying, but not sufficient to do any damage. She’d probably find herself unconscious for her effort. As far as a hint of her future, nothing came to her. Erynn sensed enough of their emotions to keep her awareness narrowed. She didn’t need or want to know anymore of what was in their twisted minds. Where is this power General Athru claims I possess?
Pak guided the new transport through the city, passed residential areas, and warehouse districts. In the low hills ringing Dalthar, he approached a small landing field with a single hangar that appeared abandoned. Erynn believed they still needed to call for an extraction, for a ship to come and get them. That would give her dad time to find her.
The transport rolled into the hangar and stopped. Marris got out, staser drawn, and surveyed the unlighted area. Pak’s shorter form joined him.
Erynn’s eyes adjusted to the murky shadows. A ship took shape, tucked in the rear of the dim space. Of alien design and made from a gray-white metal, the vessel stood out against dark shadows. The hull measured a four-meter circumference and five meters tall over three thick support struts. Weapons angled out where the nose tapered and small ports appeared to provide access to wiring and the ship’s mechanisms.
Not good.
Before panic found a grip and clung to the deepest recesses of her mind, movement in the back of the building demanded her attention. A slight man in a shiny silver suit advanced from a dark corner. He floated ghostlike, his features solidifying out of the gloom.
Erynn recognized him—Senator Drake’s aide. The man who stood behind the popular senator during vid-casts. Erynn grasped the depth of betrayal to her world. No, my worlds.
Birk pushed out of the transport and jerked a stumbling Erynn after him.
The Senator’s aide moved forward. “Major Birk, you found the extraction point.” He greeted Birk with a smile and frowned at Erynn, his narrowed, watery green eyes set deep in their sockets.
Erynn started to speak, but Birk yanked her hard, ending with a forceful shake, making her head spin. He glared down at her, his fingers digging into her arm. She stared back, her jaw clenched, anger dulling the pain.
Birk smirked at her before his gaze returned to the aide. “I was told of you.”
The aide’s pleasant countenance returned. His pale lips thinned when he smirked. “You’d be wise to make a hasty retreat with your…guest. The takeover will not be complete for several huairs, leaving you, shall we say, vulnerable. And Athru now has a reason to come after you. How unfortunate your mission to kill him failed, Major.” He gestured with both arms toward the open hatch of the ship.
Birk glared at him. “Doesn’t matter.” He tightened his grip and dragged Erynn toward the ramp.
She aimed a kick at Birk’s groin, twisted, and jerked back to wrench her arm free. If Birk forces me on this ship and takes off… Her mind refused to finish the unpleasant thought.
Birk grimaced, and avoided her kicks this time, growling a stream of unfamiliar expletives. He slid behind her, grabbed her around the waist, and lifted, carrying her into the ship.
Erynn pushed and pulled at his arms. They remained locked. She threw her head back with all her strength, hoping for the sound of crushing bone.
He dodged her assault, his nose intact.
Her heart skipped. This man, Birk, one of many invading her world—worlds displayed great strength and obvious training.
Her dad could stop this, though.
This would end here, now, on Korin.
Birk threw her into a seat, holding her with one powerful arm while he secured her seat belts. Her ribs threatened to snap under the press of his hand. Bright white points swarmed before her eyes when he released her. She forced herself back from the brink, willing herself not to panic. The tightened straps made it difficult to draw a breath, her lungs hitching, trying to take in air.
Erynn called on the military instruction her dad began with her as a child. Perform to the level you’ve been trained. She assessed her situation. Not good. However, alive, uninjured, and not shackled counted in her favor. The spasms of her chest muscles eased.
Marris buckled into the first seat in the pilots’ compartment. Pak took the second, to the left and slightly behind Marris. The two men flipped switches, checked gauges, and adjusted levers. The engines powered, their whine building into a roar.
Birk strapped in next to Erynn and cocked his head. Cold inhuman eyes stared at her. A sneering smile touched his lips.
Erynn glowered at him. She wanted to strike out, to hurt him—a temporary fix for her anger and fear. Birk would only bind her, remove her freedom to act. Best to save her fury for a more favorable moment, for the opportunity to retaliate. This isn’t over yet.
Marris pulled back on the throttle. The ship shook, and with smooth acceleration, the craft defied the strength of Korin’s gravity, lifted, and shot out the open hangar door.



Chapter 7


FIVE INTERCEPTORS BURST THROUGH FAT white clouds, scattering the condensed vapor into thin shapeless trails. A brief smile touched Erynn’s lips before she regained a vacant expression.
Marris dodged laser fire, cutting the ship right, then left. In a tight arc, he turned one hundred and eighty degrees, Interceptors closing in from behind. His mouth stretched in a grimace, words pressed through clenched teeth. “Major, how did they find us?” The ship climbed, nearly vertical, gaining little distance on the attacking fighters. Marris jammed the throttle to the maximum, engines whining in protest.
“I told you, you’d never get away.”
Birk backhanded Erynn. Blood flowed over her tongue, her lips swelling.
“I’m not going to warn you again.” Birk leaned over her, fingers pinching her chin, he tipped her head. “Next time, I’ll see to it you’re quiet until you’re no longer my problem.” He turned his attention forward.
The ship jerked and bounced with well-placed hits. Bolts of white-hot laser fire exploded in bright eruptions of energy. Erynn averted her eyes even though she wanted to watch.
“It’s Athru,” Birk growled. “It’s always Athru. There’s something about him…” His glare snapped to Erynn and his eyes narrowed. He barked out orders, “Intensify shields, Pak.” His voice rose in pitch. “Set the rear cannons, blast those ships behind us,” he commanded.
An alarm sounded in the small interior of the cabin. Pak turned his short, thick neck to Birk and groaned, “Sir, we’ve lost shields.” He winced each time the ship rocked with another hit. “The main generator for the engines is failing—and, sir, rear cannons are no longer operational.”
Constant laser blasts created a brilliant strobe. The ship pitched back and forth, right and left.
Birk braced himself against the seat. “Get us out of here,” he shouted, his voice sharp.
Fear.
Marris flipped several switches. His attention whipped to a console on the right, and he tapped furiously at a keyscreen.
Erynn gripped the seat arms. She tried to breathe, a gasp catching in her constricted throat.
Marris adjusted controls, toggled up another switch, and hit a key on the screen. The view of space blurred outside the forward panels. After a brief interval, the ship bucked, shuddered, and the stars refocused into sharp points of light.
A rush of adrenaline shot through Erynn, heartbeat throbbing behind her eyes.
“Major, I can’t maintain light speed,” Marris shouted over the blaring alarms. “The main generator, sir, we’re losing power, fast. Without repairs, we’re dead in space, and soon.”
Birk stared at the floor and drew in a shuddering breath. “At least we lost those fighters. For now.” His head snapped up and he called over the shrill scream of the alarm, warning multiple system failure. “Captain, can you make necessary repairs if we land on Arranon?” He steadied himself as the ship jerked, caught by Arranon’s gravitational pull.
Erynn’s heart eased its clenching hold, her breathing measured a slow steady rhythm. Energy drew her—different than the force that wrenched at the ship. The sensation wrapped around her and tightened. Bright points of red, yellow, and orange swirled before her eyes. The familiar sweet, spicy fragrance filled the cabin. A word called by thousands of shrill voices in unison shrieked through her mind.
“Cadjoo.” Help.
Marris’ yell broke through high-pitched voices only she heard. “We have no choice but to land, Major. I can switch the auxiliary generator to the engines. Maybe that will restore enough power to get us back to the Andor.”
Birk’s fingers gripped the metal arms of his seat. “Are any of our ships close enough to assist, Captain Pak?”
Pak shook his head. “Sir, I sent a distress signal to the Andor. All ships are engaged. We’re on our own.”
Her breath shuddered in and out. Engaged? She stared wide-eyed out the clear panels. The deep-green surface of Arranon’s equator rushed forward, replacing the vanishing pinpoints of colors only she saw. Her jaw tensed. The cloying, spicy scent no one else noticed faded.
“Do it, Captain. Get us down. In one piece,” Birk yelled, tightening his restraining straps.
Marris pulled back on the throttle and palmed down several switches at the same time with his free hand. A rattle accompanied an ear splitting screech. “Sir. We’ve lost a stabilizer. I can’t hover. This is going to get rough.”
The ship hurtled toward the surface, nose angling up at the last moment.
Eyes shut tight, Erynn inhaled through clenched teeth.
The belly of the craft hit the ground and skidded through dense vegetation, somehow avoiding massive stands of trees. Saplings and young evergreens snapped. The ship tipped on its side, nearly going over before slamming to the ground.
Erynn’s head whipped around, connecting with the cold metal frame of the seat back.
The wild landing concluded with one final lurch, and the small craft creaked, groaning, settling at a thirty-degree forward tilt.
Blood dripped from Erynn’s temple, and she raised a shaking hand to wipe away the flow.
Marris flipped three levers. The support struts hummed, raised, and the ship leveled. He gripped the control with one hand and pushed while pressing several toggles in sequence with the other. Lights on the console blinked out and engines whined down into an eerie silence.

***

Erynn searched her mind for information about this world.
Arranon, cold, unforgiving, and dangerous, she remembered only archives and documentaries, and the wild beauty they portrayed. Extended polar caps of ice and vast oceans covered two-thirds of Arranon’s surface. Plant and animal life created to thrive in the habitual cold of the equatorial landmasses flourished in this harsh environment.
“Check out the damage and make repairs,” Birk called to Marris.
“Yes, sir.” Marris hurried to the rear of the ship.
Birk unbuckled his straps and stood up, leaning over to grab Erynn by the front of her uniform jacket. “Stay put,” he snarled. “This won’t take long.” Fingers releasing their hold, he hurried toward the exit, and activated the controls. The ship’s hatch slid open with a slight scrape of metal against metal. A second panel operated the ramp, which hummed into position without protest.
The sight of Arranon’s open freedom beckoned, both terrifying and encouraging. Thin wisps of smoke drifted in on icy air. Erynn shivered and wrinkled her nose at the acrid, heavy scent of scorched metal overpowering the aroma of burned vegetation.
Her gaze darted between Pak pushing his stocky frame out of the co-pilot’s seat, and Birk standing by the open hatch.
The stirring of hope faded. She dropped her head and stared at the smooth gray floor.
Birk growled a string of unfamiliar words, then turned to Pak. “Stay here.” His head jerked in Erynn’s direction. “Watch her.” He strode down the ramp, turned to the left, and disappeared into the undergrowth. He reappeared a moment later from the right and peered into the ancient forest. “Well, Athru isn’t here. Yet.”
Pak stood at the top of the ramp, surveying the woods. “Major, it’ll be fully dark soon. Arranon is an unforgiving world. There are places you don’t remain at night. That is if you want to stay alive.” He inhaled and exhaled, the icy plume streaming before him. “The katjaramuud inhabits these forests and would find us an easy meal.”
Katjaramuud—large, carnivorous. Not good.
Birk ran up the ramp, rubbing his hands together. His breath a frosty vapor, he called to Marris at the back of the ship, “Captain, how much longer? I don’t want to spend any more time than necessary in this primitive place.”
Captain Marris hurried forward, tools in hand. “Almost there, Major. I need to make a few adjustments outside. The blast penetrated the shield. Hit the engine generator. It’ll take me a few minutes to relay power from the auxiliaries, sir.”
Birk’s voice tight, he ordered, “Get going, Captain. I don’t need to remind you of the consequences of our remaining here.”
A mix of sensations slammed Erynn—impatience and anxiety, fear and dread. She trembled and narrowed the tunnel of light in her mind, reducing her exposure to their heightened emotions. Their emotions?
“Yes, sir.” Marris nodded, his expression grim as he stepped down the ramp and to the rear of the craft.
Erynn turned to face the forward panels. General Athru, and Captain Tiar, must be out there somewhere, but there were five Interceptors. Who else?
Darkness moved in degrees through the dense woods, by layers, an onward momentum until evening shadows enveloped the ship.
She shifted in her seat, restraining straps cutting into her shoulders and ribs. Erynn glared at Birk, standing at the hatch across from Pak, both men staring into the growing dark. A fiery heat surged in the pit of her stomach. The burn raced upward, a flame that sought release, an explosive rage threatening to overtake her. She closed her eyes tight, willing her anger into submission. Now isn’t the time. Now isn’t the time.
Her eyelids relaxed and opened. She continued to stare at Birk and a vision flashed in her mind. Blood trickled from the corner of his screaming mouth, and something, she couldn’t see what, fatally pierced his body in several places.
Birk’s attention slid from the approaching night. He moved from the top of the ramp to sit next to her. His odd, pale eyes lingered a moment, studying her face. He reached forward, brushed a strand of curls away, and pressed a painful spot on the side of her head.
Erynn jerked away at his touch.
He drew back blood-smeared fingertips and wiped them on the leg of his tan flight suit. “You’ll heal.” He glanced out the open hatch, hand resting on his holstered weapon. “You have questions. They’re in your eyes. I can see them.” He turned back and chuckled. “Go ahead—ask.”
The questions tumbled out with a harsh tone of accusation. “Who are you? Why? Where did you come from? Why?”
Pak laughed, leaned his stocky bulk against the frame of the hatch, and shook his head.
Erynn glared at him, her thoughts explosive.
He stiffened, and his humor vanished as if frightened by something in her eyes.
“I’m Major Birk, from a battle cruiser stationed beyond your system—one of the few remaining in our fleet.” He stared at her. “Long before I was born, my world died, destroyed by overpopulation, misuse of resources, and greed. We, the Tei-Amasic Armada, were forced to live in ships, adapting to a new way of life, taking what we need from other worlds. Some fought back.”
“You’ll find a fight here as well,” Erynn snapped.
Birk ignored her. “Admiral Newell came up with a different strategy.” He stood up and began pacing. “The next system we came upon would fall with no battle—no loss of ships, or men. We would take over from within—infiltrate their government and economic sub-structure.” He stopped, hands braced on the arms of her seat, his face centimeters from hers.
Erynn held her position. She didn’t draw away, refusing to show weakness.
“We need your resources to survive. It’s that simple.” He smiled. “Unfortunately for you, the process will destroy your worlds. Your vast natural resources, and your weakness, made you the target of a more advanced civilization.” His sour breath carried over her.
“You’re not more advanced, and you’re far from civilized.” Anger and shame burned in Erynn. General Athru had recognized the danger, opened himself to the warnings she ignored, and now—
“Somehow, General Cale Athru found out about us.” Birk took no notice of her insolence. He tipped his head. “Athru informed Arranon’s government. They started to believe him. When Athru came to warn Korin, it was too much. There were those in positions of power that would have listened to him. Your father is one.”
Erynn shook her head, her voice hard as stone. “You have no idea.” She narrowed her eyes and allowed a brief turn of her lips. White-hot energy swirled deep inside the core of her being. “My dad and General Athru will stop you.”
Birk jerked away as if burned. He straightened and took a step back, jaw muscles tense, shoulders hunched. Pupils dilated, his face blotched with red, he fisted his hands, knuckles white. “No, they won’t. You have no idea.” He took in a deep breath. His tone steadied, pitch lowering. “We command the power.” Shoulders squared, face smooth, his expression changed to one of disinterest. “I’m going to find out why Marris isn’t finished.” He pulled a small hand-held lamp from a charging unit near the access.
Darkness encompassed the ship like a thick, fibrous weave of spinner’s fluer.
Pak still leaned against the frame of the open hatch, able to keep Erynn in view and survey the shadow-filled forest.
Erynn watched Pak, and opened to his emotions. One resided in him—fear—deep-seated dread the primary element of his being.
Pak glanced at her, his gray eyes slits. He shivered as a blast of chill, damp air whipped inside, and turned away from her glare, staring into the night. His fingers clutched the frame of the hatch as if loosening his grip would allow the choking blackness to suck him away and into the dark.
Birk stormed up the ramp, his body hunched against the cold, and shoved past Pak. He threw the lamp against the wall shattering the small device, extinguishing the light with a pop, pieces clattering to the floor. Birk slammed his hand against the panel, retracting the ramp and closing the hatch. He glared at Erynn.
“Marris is gone.”



Chapter 8


NIGHT PUSHED INKY SHADOWS INTO the forest’s deep recesses.
Birk ranted and raged at the back of the ship, examining Marris’ unfinished work. Neither Birk nor Pak volunteered to continue the adjustments outside the ship, obviously fearing the same fate as Marris.
Pak sat in the pilot’s seat, and stared trancelike into the dark, his expression one of resignation.
High voices swirled around her and from inside her mind. “Ulamhu. Bia ulamhia.” Prepare. Be ready
Erynn jerked, startled at first, but inched her hand up and released the buckle that strapped her to the seat. The resulting ease of breathing almost made her sigh. She checked the distance to the exit. Impossible. She’d never make the sprint to the hatch, open the lock, and escape before Birk or Pak caught her.
Soft scrapes against the hull brought Birk forward. He searched the blackness that surrounded the ship. A thump followed and a massive fur-covered body slid across her field of vision outside the front panel. Erynn’s eyes widened. The ship lurched sideways several meters. A deep thud sounded from the rear of the craft, and the ship spun halfway around.
Birk slammed into the control panel to the right of the cockpit. He winced and groaned.
A large vine-covered limb struck the clear panels with a deafening crack, leaves undulating as if underwater. Branches wrapped the window and caught there like tentacles of a mwirr grabbing its prey. Metal screeched and moaned. Lights blinked out with the sparking stench of burning wires, leaving the interior dark. The ship continued its forward thrust. It tilted and rocked in all directions, propelled through trees and tangled undergrowth, accompanied by the scream of twisting metal.
Erynn grasped the arms of her seat, planting her feet to keep from landing on the cold floor. One last jolt lurched the ship forward, and the rocking, thrusting drive ended.
Vines clung to the forward panels, obscuring visibility. In the darkness, Erynn catapulted silently from her seat to the control panel. She ran her hands over the wall, finding the section she hoped would activate the hatch and ramp, praying they were wired separate from the lights.
Birk and Pak moved about up front in the dark. The ship began to tip back and forth beneath their shifting weight.
“Don’t move!” Birk yelled.
The rocking ceased.
Erynn held her breath and depressed the panel. Metal shrieked and the door ground to a halt, opening only a quarter of the way. The ramp remained retracted. She squeezed her upper body through the narrow gap and made a quick survey of the area.
Silver light from two full moons illuminated the scene. The ship occupied a small clearing a short distance from a dense wooded area. Dark forms of two huge, furry beasts receded into the cover of the trees. Down and to the right, the front of the craft and one crumpled landing support perched over a ledge. Fifteen meters below, waves worked against the massive rocks of the shore. The ocean crashed against the boulders and replaced the closed-in silence of the ship. The sharp, salty scent of the sea and cold air burned her nostrils.
“She’s trying to escape. Stop her,” Birk shouted.
The ship rocked forward, over the cliff. The two remaining supports slid in the direction of shifting weight.
Erynn wriggled through the hatch and leapt to the churned ground, landing in a crouch. She pushed upright, sprinting to the edge of the forest as far from where the lumbering animals had entered as possible, and dove into the bushes. She squatted among a tangle of branches with thick, broad leaves and watched the ship teeter on the rim.
The cracking snap of limbs and crunch of brush faded as the two creatures retreated deeper into the woods. Erynn glanced back toward the forest, her breathing quick and ragged. She scanned the wall of trees for any sign of movement.
A gust of icy wind danced around Erynn and she shivered. Her attention whipped back to the ship. Birk, then Pak, jumped from the narrow hatch a moment before the damaged craft slid over the lip of the cliff, and exploded on the rocks below.
They’re alive.
Birk would come looking for her—soon. If not Birk, there were two massive creatures roaming the forest behind her.
Her heartbeat pounded with a disjointed rhythm. She scanned the areas beyond her cover. Survival skills and training she never thought necessary took over. Her gaze swept the area. To her left about twenty meters away, the forest curved around, spilling over the cliff. To her immediate right a thin strip of bare land angled down between the trees. She shivered, and her gaze stopped on the forest, considering the two huge animals.
There appeared to be only one choice. The clearing sloped away from the rim of trees, hiding the scant path from view. In a crouch, Erynn side-crept to the edge. She dropped flat, face down, and crawled, digging fingers into the stony soil, boots pushing against loose dirt and rocks. Waves crashed against the boulders below with a constant tempo, masking the scrabbling of her passage.
She stopped—lay still, quiet, listening, her forehead resting on the rocky surface. Her heart thumped against the solid ground. The rich scent of the soil stirred by her efforts filled her nostrils. The aroma reached her burning lungs, soothing the raw passages, hitting her bloodstream like a drug. Her heart eased its wild pace and her mind cleared. She whispered, “Is there some medicinal quality to the soil here?”
Erynn hunched into a crouch and pivoted on her toes. The rising light of the burning ship glowed behind Birk’s tall form and Pak’s shorter, stocky one in the clearing. She lay flat again and pushed forward. The downward slope increased and widened. Pebbly soil gave rise to sharp stones that bit at her hands. The concealing safety of trees and brush rose far above her. If Birk found the path and came now, she didn’t have time to return to the forest and hide. Down, and quickly, appeared her only choice.
Several meters farther, Erynn stood up and scanned the route behind her. An orange glow shone against the twin moons’ silver light. A deep breath shuddered through her and she hurried on. The trail gave way to larger outcroppings of boulders. She slipped and slid on their moist surfaces.
Deep shadows cast by the rocks caused her mad descent to slow. She moved with a deliberate caution, alert for any signs of animals capable of tossing ships around like toys. She peered into each dark recess before proceeding.
Boulders protruded farther, slowing her descent toward the ocean. She reached out for support, fingers sliding over cold, slick stone. Her breath fogged and ripped into tatters, spirited away by the rising wind.
The rocks beneath her boots grew slippery with slime. The ocean appeared below to the left. Dark and powerful, tipped with silvery-white, waves crashed, the scent briny and sharp.
Intermittent light from the two moons shone between fat black clouds racing in, cloaking the shore with deep shadows and hulking shapes. Uncertainty added an icy hand to the chilling gusts driven from the sea.
High voices swirled around and through her. “Ormath. Ta’a’se taghaim.” Hurry. He’s coming.
She heeded the warning, jumping from one rock to another, increasing her speed down to the shore.
To the left and curving ahead, huge boulders separated her from the main onslaught of the ocean slamming against the rocks. Less than a meter below stretched a small sandy area protected from the powerful surge.
The waves pushed forward against the outer barrier to rise gently on the sandy beach with each charge of the sea.
On her right, a sheer wall of black joined the boulders at the heaving surf and rose to the forest four meters above.
Her face moist with the heavy mist churned by the action, Erynn stood frozen, her breath irregular, watching the sea’s relentless dash against stone. To try an escape between the rocks and the pounding ocean would be certain death. “There must be a way.” She glanced behind, up the path. “Just not that way.”
She nodded and shivered, her feeble words snatched by an icy gust. “No going back.”
Erynn ran. Wet sand sucked at her boots. She reached the black wall of stone and stopped, her hands moving over the rock face, searching for crevices to climb up to the forest and escape. Sharp edges cut into numb hands, her bloody fingertips icy and slick.
The wind picked up, increasing the pace of the clouds. She ached from the cold and a shiver shook through her. She glanced back. Cloud shadows darted across sand and rock like vast yawning mouths swallowing everything in their path.
Still gazing behind, she sidestepped. Her hands slipped into a void and her head snapped around. She peered into the pitch-black maw of a wide gap, the opening blending with the dark surface of stone. She stared back at the small beach, comparing the diminished, but comforting light of cloud cloaked moons to the absolute blackness inside the fissure.
Shrill voices sang in the wind, “Ta’a’se sastha taghai.” He will come.
The truth of this knifed through her mind. She drew in a deep breath, and faced straight ahead. Erynn groped inside the cold rough stone, feeling her way deeper into the crevice, choosing her chances inside the rock.



Chapter 9


ERYNN CREPT INTO THE DARK fissure, forcing her breathing to remain rhythmic, like Jaer had shown her. Focused on the damp, icy rock at her back, she tried not to think of the occasional press of stone as she squeezed through narrow passages. She glanced back. No light made its way through the twisted warren.
A chill began at the base of her neck and slid down her spine. “A strange stone beast has swallowed me whole.” Nervous laughter escaped, her high chuckle muted in the tight space. “It’s just a rock. There’s nothing alive in here. I hope,” she whispered.
The booming of the waves diminished. Sand beneath her boots became sodden. She hesitated. The vision of icy tide waters rushing in seared through her brain like cold staser fire. Her stomach knotted. Breath shuddered past numb lips. Chest muscles squeezed to contain the galloping pace of her racing heart. She fought the impulse to turn back.
High voices persuaded, “Conith stopathd. Argath tosath chath.” Keep moving. Go forward.
Her eyes wide, but useless against the absolute dark, Erynn groped her way deeper. She reached out with her mind, fighting the urge to pull back her awareness, to shut down, not knowing what might respond to her probing—if anything.
Nothing might be worse.
The path altered as Erynn shuffled ahead. She kept track of those changes—a bit to the right for five steps, then up a slight rise another four. A calming sensation swirled, pulled at, and encouraged her. The gasping, heaving of her lungs eased to a low whisper. Her heart slowed to steady, rhythmic beats.
A puff of cool air brushed against her flushed cheek. The now familiar spicy aroma followed.
Her back pressed to the rock, she reached out, seeking. Her fingertips touched the opposite wall just centimeters ahead. Erynn held her breath and listened.
Nothing.
She turned and faced forward. Sweet air chilled her moist face. A quick blink of radiance flashed and then unyielding dark returned. Erynn squinted into the blackness. Green light exploded before her. She winced and drew back at the sudden brightness.
A meter ahead lay a cavern. The walls shimmered and shifted under the luminous green glow. She glanced behind, searching for the small white light of a lamp.
Only darkness.
She listened for the soft scrape of someone pushing through the dark.
Utter silence.
If she found the entrance to the fissure, Birk would also, and he’d follow her.
Erynn stumbled forward. The brilliant green walls and ceiling illuminated an area roughly ten meters wide and fifteen meters long. The height varied from one meter on the sides to about three meters in the center. Outcroppings of small rocks covered with the pulsing green radiance scattered the sandy floor of the cavern. The one thing she didn’t see was a way out of the cave.
She hurried forward, searching for a passage, an escape. The sweet aroma increased. The spicy scent’s source seemed to come from the green substance of the walls and rocks. The glowing forms shifted as she passed, following her movements.
The plants, creatures…, beings?…, pulsed with a regular beat, thick stems expanding and contracting as if they breathed. Curious, she reached out to a small patch. The glowing green turned a bright yellow, shivered, and grew still. She pulled her hand back, and the soft green radiance returned. “All right, I won’t touch.”
Erynn continued her exploration, finding two openings into the rock, neither more than a few meters deep. She considered hiding in one, until the far side of the cavern burst into a brilliant iridescent blue. Not the warning yellow from before, this color shimmered with a palpable insistence.
Erynn stood a moment before making her decision and a dash. The wall jutted out at an angle, and moving to the right of the point, she found a recess behind the protruding rock. She stepped into inky blackness and turned around. Darkness filled the previously illuminated cavern. Her heart jumped in her chest. Is this a trap? Am I about to become lunch for an animal with a symbiotic relationship to the glowing creatures of the cavern?
A faint white light appeared at the far entrance to the cave.
Birk.
From all around her and inside her mind, high voices urged, “Rihl.” Run.
Hands raised, she stumbled forward. Plunged back into total blackness, her imagination conjured a beast waiting to devour her as she ran blind into—”
She tripped over a rock, momentum throwing her headfirst into the fissure wall and down. Her breath knocked from her lungs, Erynn lay still, wanting to disappear, to blend into her surroundings. She listened for the growling, shuffling, snuffling that would precede her becoming a main course. Instead, when she raised her head to peer into the dark, she detected a faint gray glow ahead. She pushed up, and leaned against the rock, allowing her eyes to adjust.
The ceiling angled down ahead of her, but the sides remained wide, the ground cluttered with small rocks. Erynn crouched, moving awkwardly toward the pale light, but stopped short of bursting out of the fissure.
Tattered moonlight skimmed the sand. The crashing surf roared to her left.
Icy air driven by the rising wind whistled into the gap, a cool embrace against her hot face. Clouds gathered and wrapped the moons, struggling to extinguish the comforting glow. Ahead, the beach stretched, surf foaming and bubbling on the shore. The play of light and dark skated across a sandy illusion of ice. No snarling, snuffling beast awaited her. To the right, the outline of trees lay thirty meters away.
Erynn licked her lips and tasted salt in the moisture collecting there. She stepped outside and glanced back. Nothing but darkness met her gaze.
Whispered voices warned, “Ta’a’se taghaim.” He is coming.
The storm built around her. Winds gusted, chilling her.
Erynn reached back to unbraid her long hair. Warmth from the freed length fell in crimped curls around her face and down her back, the dark auburn color transforming to silver in the waning light. “Warmer,” she stuttered between chattering teeth. “Gettt off thththe shoreline, tttoo visible.” She scanned the incoming storm, then ran up the gradual slope of the beach. Loose sand slid under her boots, the ground firming inside the cover of the woods. Wind compelled smaller branches to flutter and jump, frantic hands of twigs and leaves grasping in broken shards of moonlight.
Erynn stayed hidden inside the shadow-filled cover of the trees and made her way back to where the fiery remains of Birk’s ship would act as a beacon for her rescue. She must get back to Korin. Her dad needed her. She could do nothing from Arranon to stop this invasion.



Chapter 10


FROM THE COVER OF THE woods, Erynn stared down at the burning ruin. Crushed, twisted metal lay on a long rugged shore among massive boulders. There could be no rescue made there. The beach she’d just left appeared the more logical place where aircraft could easily land.
She surveyed the stony shore, the forest, and out onto the choppy surface of black ocean.
Nothing.
Somewhere, General Athru and the others searched for her. Jaer? She needed to make it easy for them, and that meant going back to the beach. The likelihood Birk, or his kind, would find her increased as well. “Just a chance I have to take. That, freeze to death, or there’s always the animals.”
Erynn doubled back. She crept over fallen limbs and stealthily pulled her boots through clinging ferns. Wind sighed through the high canopy, blowing in clouds. She scrutinized the ancient forest, and listened to the beat of life surrounding her. She peeked around each massive trunk before slipping to the next, weaving her way through giant trees. Gusts of surging wind carried away the snap of twigs and crunch of dry leaves under her boots.
A high, mournful yowl sounded behind her. Close—too close. She froze. A low rumbling growl followed. Limbs shook and branches cracked to her right. She dropped below the undergrowth of ferns. A large, dark form paused, then lumbered past only a meter from where she hid. Erynn held her breath and squeezed her eyes shut. Her hands, stiff from the cold, clutched at the loose leaves and dirt, breaking the film of ice covering everything.
She shivered, and raised her head to peer above the lacy pattern of ferns. No beast stood over her ready to pounce. A whisper scraped out of her dry throat. “Stop. You’re only making it worse.” Movement through the low limbs and brush receded. She stayed down, staring around the filigreed leaves. “He’s gone. Get up.” She didn’t stir, feeling safe below the thick web of ferns closer to the ground.
The dark and moonless sky visible between heavy branches churned with iron-gray clouds. The scent of rain mingled with the spicy, musky fragrance of the forest. Erynn whispered, lowering her head, “Keep going.” Whatever made the threatening growl and rustling among the brush had moved on. She took a deep breath, the rich aroma of soil filling her lungs. Again, the scent gave her courage and eased her fear. She accepted the phenomenon and pushed up, grateful, focusing her efforts on getting back to the beach.
The wind strengthened, pushing clouds through the forest and surrounding her in a swirling fog. Fat drops of rain hit with a soft phifft. Erynn crouched next to a wide, tall tree and glanced up at mist-shrouded limbs. Branches and foliage buffeted by the gale creaked and thrashed. Dark shadows raced around her, giving her heart a jump-start.
The storm’s abrupt arrival solidified her memory of recent visions. Wind impelled the rain sideways, the drops large and cold.
Movement through the swirling fog caught her attention. Sean stood a few meters away. His rain-wet face shone through the churning mist.
Her breath caught and she rose, stumbling into his line of sight, wanting to call out to him but not daring to.
Sean glanced at her, green eyes wide. He motioned her forward before returning his attention to her left.
Erynn followed Sean’s gaze.
Captain Tiar walked out of dense fog, water dripping across his high cheeks from rain wet hair. “Birk is near. I sense his anger,” he whispered as he approached. “We need to get to the rendezvous point.”
“How…what?” Erynn shook her head, turning to Captain Tiar. “Rendezvous point?”
Sean took her hand, his finger to his lips. “I came with Cale to help. You forget—Tiar and I sense emotions like you.” He pulled her into the forest. “I’m not going to tell you not to be scared. Too much can go wrong. We need to meet up with Jaer. His people will get us to safety.”
“Jaer? He’s here?” Erynn’s heart tripped for a beat or two, but before she could enjoy this encouraging news, hairs at the back of her neck stood up as icy alarm slid across her skin.
Snaps and crashing of tree limbs came from their right.
The heavy mist parted a few meters away. Birk and Pak appeared weapons drawn. Birk laughed, the deep rumble carried by the wind, his strange pale eyes dancing with amusement.
Captain Tiar stepped in front of Erynn and Sean.
“No Athru? Too bad,” Birk yelled over the storm. “Maybe he’ll show up yet.” He stared at Erynn. “I’ll have another chance to get Athru if…no, when he comes for you.” He tipped his head and frowned. “What is it about you, Erynn? You’re from Korin and he’s Arranon. Why does he care what happens to you? Why is he so interested? I’m curious. Is it because of your father?”
Clothes soaked and dripping, hair clung to their faces. Erynn couldn’t believe the night could get any darker as the heaviest of the storm clouds raced in, blanketing the forest. The air thickened, cold and wet. Rain and wind strengthened with fierce purpose. The storm braced with tenacity, penetrating the forest.
The downpour masked Mikal’s arrival behind Birk and Pak.
A brief smile crossed Erynn’s face.
Mikal stepped forward and stood a meter from Birk. He didn’t draw his weapon.
Birk spun, but visibly relaxed when he saw who moved next to him.
Fear replaced Erynn’s brief pleasure at Mikal’s arrival.
“Get us out of here, Captain Brandon—or should I call you Mikal?” Birk snorted and returned his attention to his prey.
Erynn’s stomach dropped. She stared at Mikal, her eyes wide, lips parted.
“Ah, Erynn, don’t look at me like that.” Mikal raised his hands in an imploring gesture. He stepped forward, closer to Birk. “I was only doing my job. I do like you, though. This isn’t goodbye. You’re far too talented for us to kill. I’ll see you again.” Mikal smiled, flashing those perfect white teeth, and turned to Birk. “As for our escape, Major, there’s a ship waiting not far from here.”
Captain Tiar stiffened, his hands curling into tight fists.
Blood drained from Erynn’s face, chilling her exposed cheeks. Her life would never be the same. The ground disappeared beneath her as this truth penetrated her awareness.
Sean took Erynn’s arm, steadied her, and kept her upright. “Why us, Mikal, or is that even your real name?”
“Doesn’t matter, Sean, but yes, it is. And why not align myself with the commanding general’s daughter and her friends?” He shrugged. “Maybe my friendship with Erynn would help me get to her father. When my superiors found out Athru was coming and wanted Erynn around him, I received an order to stick this out—see where my position took me.”
Anger returned heat to Erynn’s body.
The wind intensified its assault with a sudden ferocity that drove stinging rain. Branches to her right cracked. Deep roars and growling accompanied the explosion of several tree trunks.
A huge furry animal burst through, branches and limbs flying in all directions. Behind the first, three followed, and then more, their massive round heads swaying back and forth.
Erynn expected to see terror in the eyes of the herd. But instead, she sensed conscious purpose, not fear, their course mindful as they made for the small opening between Captain Tiar and Birk.
Sean reacted first, grabbing Erynn by the arm, jerking her back. Captain Tiar’s reaction came a fraction later. He turned and took Erynn’s other arm. She hesitated and stumbled, still watching the herd, struggling to understand what she witnessed.
The animals cut a path toward Birk, Mikal, and Pak.
Shrill voices echoed around her. “Cheim.” Go.
Captain Tiar, Sean, and Erynn ran, swallowed by the heavy foliage.



Chapter 11


RAIN DIDN’T PENETRATE THE THICK canopy. Wind screamed a high, keening whistle above in the treetops. Captain Tiar and Sean possessed an uncanny ability to navigate through the dense, dark woods. They pressed into the tangle of limbs and vines making their way deeper into the forest.
After what seemed like huairs, Captain Tiar took Erynn’s arm, and stopped under the heavy boughs of a thick tree. “Let’s rest a moment.”
Erynn’s heart pounded and her lungs burned. She worked at catching her breath. Rain-soaked hair hung limp and cold around her face. Captain Tiar released her arm and she stepped back, tripping over a downed branch, falling heavily to a seated position.
Sean knelt next to her. “We can’t stay long. They’ll be back with scanners and troops. There’s a place not far from here. You’ll be safe there.”
Erynn stared into Sean’s wet face. “You think they’ll come after us?”
“Yes. Birk will. And not us—you.”
“Why? Why not let the forest kill us—me?”
“This is personal for Birk now. I sensed his intent. He won’t stop.” Sean turned to his brother.
Captain Tiar crouched beside Sean. “When Birk failed to assassinate Cale, you became his target. He transferred his determination to taking you.” His eyes, the same deep green as Sean’s, narrowed. “He needs to return to his ship with something or face the anger of his superiors. The commanding general’s daughter will do. And he’s come to the awareness there’s something special about you.”
Sean surveyed the surrounding trees. “We’ll meet up with Jaer and his Anbas Warriors soon. They’ll take care of Birk.”
Erynn followed his gaze, searching the forest. Warmth rose in her cheeks. “Then I can go home?”
Sean shook his head. “I’m afraid that’s not possible.” He wiped at the drips trickling around his eyes. “It’s not safe for any of us on Korin. We must choose our battles and pick our time. This isn’t the time or the battle.”
“Battle? What do you mean?” Erynn’s gaze darted between Sean and Captain Tiar.
“They’ve shown themselves—raised an alarm.” Water trailed down Captain Tiar’s face. “It will be necessary for this alien enemy to act at once and begin their assault in the open. They can no longer hide in the shadows of their puppets on Korin or Arranon.” He took a deep breath. “We are at war with a powerful and clever enemy. Korin is the objective for now.” His jaw muscles bunched. “They’ll get around to Arranon.”
“Worse on Korin? But my dad can…” Men in Korin’s military uniforms came to her mind, men that didn’t belong. Erynn inhaled sharply, but her voice came out like the whisper of a ghost. “He can’t do anything, can he?”
Captain Tiar dropped his gaze for a moment. He glanced up, and locked on her eyes. “We here on Arranon kept watching, listening, and planning for this day. We knew it was coming.”
Erynn flinched and pushed up against a limb. “Why didn’t this get brought up during system council meetings?” She asked with a determination she no longer possessed. “How could it have come to this?”
“Many tried and were silenced, either by bribe, threat, or when those ploys didn’t work, death. What do you think Cale was doing on Korin? He was testing to see who could be trusted—preparing defenses, but his attempt came too late. The fight has begun.” Captain Tiar surveyed the dark forest. “I believe we can rally.” His gaze returned to her. “Unfortunately, those on Korin who knew, who were in a position to do something, to sound the alarm, chose to look the other way.” He paused. “I’d speculate that they’ve been richly rewarded, however short-lived. Your father was lulled into a false sense of security after so many years of peace and prosperity. He listened to, and accepted as truth, the lies of those who believe they will gain from this invasion.”
“Senator Drake,” Erynn whispered.
“He’s one. There are others in more powerful positions.” Captain Tiar looked down at her. “If you’re ready, we need to keep moving.”
Erynn nodded, dropping her chin to her chest. Shame heated her face and burned in her heart.
Captain Tiar took her shoulders, forcing her to look at him. “You’ve been given a second chance, Erynn. Don’t fail our people. Remain strong. There is still hope.” He turned to survey the night.
His assurance of hope lay dying in her mind. Dark-winged aleuns with beady red eyes and sharp curved beaks spiraled on the wind’s icy currents, seeking hope’s rotting carcass. They picked clean any glimmer she found.
Captain Tiar stepped away, and Erynn followed, wiping the back of her hand across her eyes.
Sean kept close behind.
Nothing to do now but see where this path takes me.

***

They trudged on. Rain no longer tapped with harsh insistence on the canopy of leaves. Wind sighed with a soft moan in the treetops. Erynn climbed over downed trees and pushed through branches that tore at her, accepting their sting and the ache of cold taking up permanent residence in her extremities. Her thoughts churned. But not on the uncertain future she faced. They focused on her heedless past.
Captain Tiar walked ahead, an underlying part of the forest, a wraith in the dark. Behind her, Sean snapped limbs as he pushed through, mud squishing under his boots. His movements sounded distant and muffled to her dulled senses.
She’d ignored so many warnings, not just her abilities. Erynn never trusted or liked Mikal, the traitor. No, not a traitor. Mikal, an alien agent, sent to infiltrate and destroy her world—worlds. How many others continued unnoticed by my refusal to acknowledge my abilities.
Erynn squeezed her eyes shut against the thought. Heat rushed up her neck, into the icy skin of her face. She opened her eyes when a leaf brushed her cheek. Her worlds teetered on the precipice of collapse, while she lived her privileged life, assured nothing could ever change.
Sean took her arm, pulling her to a stop. Erynn shook off her self-reproach and brushed damp hair from her eyes. Ahead, several men and women in black, weapons holstered, grouped around Jaer. Anbas Warriors. Her heart slid into her throat, thumping wildly.
Jaer strode forward carrying a heavy jacket in his hands. He helped her into it, securing the thick hood around her face. “You are freezing,” he said, brushing warm fingertips over her cheek.
His touch burned against her skin. He radiated heat. Erynn wanted to burrow in close—feel his strong arms around her.
“I’ll be okay,” she croaked, not recognizing her thin voice.
Jaer reached into an inner pocket of his coat and pulled out a silver flask. He held the small opening to her lips. “Take a drink.”
She tipped warm liquid into her mouth. Fire erupted, a flaming irritation sliding down her throat. The heat hit her stomach and flared. She coughed. Eyes blinking, her face twisted in a grimace, she thrust the flask back at Jaer. “What is that?” This time her voice rushed out strong and forceful.
“That is better,” Jaer said. “Arranon oakale brandy. Want more?”
“No. No more.” She shook her head and pushed the flask away, her fingers touching his. Static popped.
Jaer smiled, glancing at his hand. “Are you sure?”
She cleared her burning throat and nodded. “I’m sure,” she coughed.
The warriors formed a circle around her and laughed. Jaer handed the flask to Captain Tiar. He drank and handed the brandy to Sean.
“We need to get moving.” Captain Tiar surveyed the woods again.
“Where? Where are we going?” Erynn asked, glancing around at the men and women so she wouldn’t stare at Jaer.
“These are among my best warriors.” Jaer motioned to the Anbas around him. “We will make sure you get to Glaskra, to Leathan.”
“Leathan?” Erynn’s gaze locked on Jaer’s dark eyes.
Jaer’s lips tightened under his neat black mustache. “Many years ago, Leathan Tal was a good friend of your father’s.”
Jaer’s smooth voice invited trust, the tone never as deep as what Erynn expected from this powerful young man.
Jaer motioned to the Anbas. They took up positions around her. “Tiar is right. We need to hurry. We do not have much time, and there is a long way to go.”
Erynn, more than curious about when and why her dad visited Arranon, wanted to ask more questions. Jaer turned away before she could. Compelled to keep moving, she swept low boughs from her face and pressed into dark shadows. Some of Jaer’s people shifted deeper into the woods while others stayed in close. She sensed two warriors hanging back some distance behind them.
The brandy warmed her from the inside out, conveying with it a rush of confidence. Erynn took a deep breath, and straightened, feeling a bit better. She resolved to be more aware, wholly dedicated to this cause and her abilities.

***

The gray of dawn approached in the same manner the day surrendered to the night, by degrees. Faint shadowy edges outlined the tops of tall trees. Quiet chirping broke over the silence, a song to a new day. A distinct muted drone thrummed in the distance.
Erynn recognized the quiet rumble and hesitated. “That’s a ship, flying low.” The sound passed far to the left.
One of Jaer’s warriors stepped in on her right, another in front of her.
“This isn’t right.” She stopped, glancing around at the Anbas. “You’ll be killed if they catch you.”
Jaer took her hand, his touch warm, and tugged gently until she started moving again. He smiled down at her, his expression amused. “Then we will not get caught.”
Erynn stared into dark eyes. “How do you plan to pull that off? Do you have transportation nearby?”
“Yes. Now stop talking. You will need your breath. Time to run.” Jaer’s hand tightened around hers and his stride lengthened.
“Run? Where?” She would have asked more, but Jaer was right—she needed to breathe, not ask questions. Erynn struggled with the steep terrain and heavy brush. She grasped at low limbs, digging her boots into muddy soil, trying to keep a steady pace. After a long climb a wide trail appeared. She glanced about, winded and aching but no longer as cold. Several animals hidden under low branches stood tied at the edge of the path.
Ten Anbas Warriors rushed forward, crowding her, even the two she’d sensed far out in the forest. How did they group back so quickly?
Jaer kept her close, pushing away boughs, and propelling her toward one of the tethered animals. It stood about two meters at the back with thick, brown fur covering a muscular body. Large, dark, round eyes set in the sides of a long tapered head studied her.
Caporas.
Jaer slid between her and the capora. The massive animal danced with eager anticipation. Jaer jumped on, and reached down, pulling Erynn up behind him.
Captain Tiar and Sean climbed on two of the caporas behind Jaer’s warriors.
Erynn put her hands on the sides of Jaer’s coat, grasping the pockets. Her breath plumed out in rapid blasts.
Jaer glanced over his shoulder. “No. Hold on. Like this.” He took her hands, wrapping them around his solid waist. His breath clouded around him, disappearing in lazy swirls.
Jaer’s heat rolled from him and mingled with the warmth that rose in her. Under her hands, Jaer’s muscles tightened as he nudged the side of the capora with his heel, turning the animal in a tight arc. She ducked her head, and her brow brushed against his back. More warmth crept into her face, burning her cheeks. At least in the dark, no one would see her blush.
Jaer chuckled, his stomach rippling beneath her fingers.
“What?” She jerked upright.
He shook his head. “Nothing. You are just very warm.”
“I’m not warm. I’m freezing.”
Jaer laughed again. He walked the capora onto the wide trail. The path ascended and wound inside the trees along the edge of a steep incline. Caporas squeezed in next to her as they rode at an unhurried pace.
The roar of the ship’s engines closed in.
“Shouldn’t we run? Scanners on the ship will locate us, and soon.”
“We cannot outrun them.” Jaer turned his head. “There are other ways to elude an enemy.” He nodded to his warriors. They maneuvered their mounts in a compact diamond pattern, maintaining their slow progression.
In the next sweep, the ship would pass overhead. This is it. They’ll find a clearing, set down, and come for us—me, weapons firing.
“Let me go. If I surrender, you can get away.” Erynn released her hold around Jaer. “Give me a staser so I can take some of them out before—”
Jaer twisted his upper body, securing his arm around her, stopping her from sliding to the ground. “You are not going anywhere. I will handle this.” He again nodded to his warriors, and they moved even closer. Jaer gazed down at her. “Do not worry. I will get you to Leathan.” He focused on her cut temple, swollen, discolored cheek and split lips. Anger clouded his face. His attention shifted away from the cuts and bruises to her eyes. “Trust me.” He smiled.
“I just, I don’t want, you getting hurt, or anyone, getting hurt, I mean,” she stammered. He held her so close. She could smell his spicy scent, and his warmth enveloped her. The intensity made her breath hitch.
His smile faded. “I am going to be fine and so are you. We all are,” he whispered. His hold tightened. “You will stay put? I do not want to have to chase you through the forest.” He grinned, released her, and turned his awareness back to the trail.
“But—”
“Shhhh.”
The ship hovered over them, above the cloud cover. The hum of engines hesitated. Erynn imagined the scan touching her, hot and stinging, burning her. Will they just fire on us? Do they want me alive, or will my lifeless body be enough? She glanced around and blocked the groan building in her throat. Make that fourteen lifeless bodies.
She held her breath. The night stilled, and the air around her thickened with the scent of ozone. A low thrum reverberated in her bones. Her eardrums vibrated uncomfortably. Under the throb, she heard the droning rise in pitch. Engines accelerated. The distance between them and the ship lengthened. The pulsing sensation in her ears eased. Erynn exhaled and glanced wide-eyed at the men and women on caporas packed in around her.
“Camouflaged. They must have thought we were a group of animals,” she whispered. “That was incredible.”
Jaer glanced back. “I told you I could take care of this. You should trust me.”
“I do trust you.” She jerked her head toward the sky. “It’s them I don’t trust.” Erynn recognized how badly this would have gone had they run as she suggested. “I would have never thought of trying something like that.” She craned her neck around his shoulder to peer at his face. “How do you know these things?”
He smiled. “On Arranon, you can learn from the life around you. Simple tricks. I have seen kinnen join a group of bonthar to escape a predator. The kinnen hop into the center of a family of bonthar feeding on grass and young leaves.” He shrugged. “Hidden. Nothing attacks bonthar. Not even the katjaramuud.”
Erynn tipped her head, still watching him. The sound of his voice resonated, touching a deep region in her she didn’t know existed. “Why?” She only expected one answer to this double-edged question.
Jaer laughed, further waking that unexplored territory in her. “Bonthar have barbed quills that carry a poison. This venom does not kill, but will cause an unpleasant illness. They also release a thick, noxious spray.” He shivered, shaking his head.
“Ah.” Erynn chuckled. “Sounds like you’ve had a close encounter.”
“More than one,” he mumbled, still grinning. “As a child, did you…experiment with your surroundings, and get yourself into troubling situations?”
“Oh, constantly.” She laughed.
“Yes, I believe you did.” Jaer’s amusement tickled along her nerves.
On the next pass, the ship edged to their right, the course shifting away from them. The caporas continued their unhurried gait until the rumble of engines once more became a distant low drone.
Jaer signaled to his warriors. “Hold on,” he said again.
Erynn put her arms around Jaer’s waist. The caporas separated. The animal tensed under her. Powerful muscles exploded into action, urged into a gallop, their smooth gait agile, the stride long. She held on tight, carried swiftly over the packed soil of the trail. They rode at this speed for a long time, the caporas never tiring.
The tops of the trees turned gold with the rising sun. Chattering and whooping joined soft chirping, keeping a rhythm with hooves striking solid ground. Intent on the colors and sounds of dawn, Erynn almost missed the first sight of the city.
Distant tall buildings connected to shorter structures ranged from soft yellows to creamy whites, their roofs muted reds, and dusty pinks. The streets shimmered like silver ribbons, glossy from the rain and quiet at this hour. The sun burst over the scene. Storm-washed colors glimmered like jewels. Erynn’s breath caught at the dazzling splendor in contrast with the deep greens of the encircling forest.
“Beautiful,” she whispered, her breath fogging in the icy air.
They rode to a stable, exchanging the caporas for two troop transports that would take them the rest of the way to the city. Erynn took one of the four seats along the left inside wall, Jaer next to her on the right. Sean, Captain Tiar, and four of Jaer’s warriors took the six remaining seats, while the rest piled into the second transport. The hatch hummed into place.
From her left, Sean tapped her shoulder. “Buckle in.” He pointed behind her and pulled on ear guards.
The transport’s engine whined, rising to a high-pitched rumble. Erynn glanced where he indicated, reaching up and back for her ear guards. She drew the seat belts down and across, securing the harness in buckles at her sides.
Jaer turned to Erynn. He depressed a small button on the mouthpiece of his headset. His voice sounded in her ears, metallic but smooth. “This will not take long. Leathan has prepared for our arrival.”
Erynn frowned. “Prepared. Why…?” She didn’t hear her words and neither did Jaer.
Jaer raised his hand to her headset and twisted the mouthpiece into position. He reached down and took her fingers, showing her the button to talk.
The transport lurched forward.
“Thanks.” Her voice sounded distant, metallic like Jaer’s. “Preparing for our arrival?” Her forehead bunched.
“We are trying to keep you safe.” He glanced at her wet, muddy, and torn uniform. “And make you comfortable.”
Erynn glanced down. “Hmmm. If Major Kendal saw me like this, I’d be on report for a month.” Being put on report didn’t seem so bad now. The thought of her old life brought a bittersweet smile. “Guess I don’t have to worry about that anymore.” The smile faded.
Jaer sighed through the headset. “You look like a soldier arriving from battle—a warrior. This Major Kendall should honor your actions.”
“I’m not so sure he would see it that way.”
The transport bounced out of a rut in the road. She watched the tracking system up front next to the driver where the arcing green bubble revealed a clear screen. She stared out the forward panel, their course open ahead. The transport sped along winding roads to a gate in a high wall, leading through to residential streets, not slowing until they neared a high structure in the city center.
They pitched to a stop at the bottom of polished, white stone steps leading to double doors of frosted glass at the building’s face. Erynn climbed slowly from the vehicle, a twinge of stiff over-exerted muscles calling their protest.
A garden filled with colorful plants surrounded the tall building of opaque white stone flecked with gold. Cool morning sunshine had opened large dark-purple and deep-blue flowers on short thick stems, their leaves wide and pointed. They had a strange, mottled skin—geometrically patterned wedges of black against a grayish-green background—quite different from gardens at home. She wrinkled her nose at the biting, spicy fragrance.
The door above opened. Armed men and women wearing black uniforms rushed out and met them halfway up the steps, sweeping them into the relative safety of the building.
Jaer asked a woman, “Have they come to the city yet?”
Concern etched her young face. “No,” she answered, her tone more grave than her expression. “They are still scouring the Baeul Forest for you.”
They talked as they hurried down a long hall of gray-and-white marble, lined with more etched glass doors framed with a polished, red-tone wood.
Erynn kept pace behind Jaer, listening.
“Good. Take Lieutenant Yager and provide her with fresh clothing. Aven, see to Tiar and Sean,” Jaer directed as he walked. “Tell Leathan all proceeded as planned,” Jaer ordered another man, who sprinted down a short access to the left. The remaining guards marched down the hall with Captain Tiar and Sean, disappearing into a side corridor.
“Wait, what proceeded as planned?” Erynn skidded to a standstill and took a step back. “How could you make plans? You would need to know…” She glanced around the wide, empty corridor.
Jaer stopped and half turned to Erynn. “It was only a matter of time before the enemy showed themselves. We prepared for that event.”
Erynn stiffened, frowning. “Why do I need to see this Leathan Tal?”
Jaer shifted his body toward her but left space between them. “He knew your father. There is nothing more to it. Leathan wants to help you. To do that, he needs to talk to you.” He straightened, seeming larger than he had a moment before. “No one will harm you.” He stared at her bruises and cuts. His fingers curled into fists and then uncurled.
Erynn remembered the colorful pinpoints of light around Jaer and the voices encouraging her to ‘ahfarine’, to trust. She released the breath she held and pushed damp hair from her face. “I know. I’m sorry.”
He smiled. “Do not apologize. You have every reason to be wary. I would question your response if you were not suspicious.” He motioned to the young woman standing behind him. “This is Roni. She will take you to clean up and change clothes before we meet with Leathan. If you need anything, tell her.”
Roni moved to Erynn. Her worry-lined face smoothed with her smile. “I’m glad you’re all right. The news of your capture had us concerned.” Roni spoke reassuringly and took Erynn by the arm. “Fortunately, Jaer was able to quickly assemble a plan to get you here.”
Erynn’s mind reeled from exhaustion and the events that led her to this place. She sensed Roni’s sincerity and accepted the honesty in her light green eyes, allowing the young warrior to guide her.



Chapter 12


ERYNN ENTERED WARM, INVITING QUARTERS. Sturdy, dark wooden furniture covered in plush deep-blue material sat on a thick white carpet. She checked her boots to make sure she didn’t track mud.
“Fresh clothes,” Roni said, handing Erynn a neatly folded stack. She stepped to the rear of the sitting room and a door glided open. “You can clean up and change here.” Roni turned on a light in a bedroom.
“Thank you.” Erynn glanced in to examine the space. More white carpet and oversized furniture. She guessed the opulent quarters were for visiting dignitaries.
A large raised bed with an elaborately carved headboard beckoned, but Erynn knew there would be no sleep in her immediate future.
“Through there.” Roni pointed. “There’s a shower. Lots of hot water.”
“That sounds good.” Erynn leaned against the doorframe.
“I thought it might. Take your time.” Roni smiled and turned away.
The shower did feel good, but Erynn didn’t linger. She believed there would never be enough hot water to thaw the ice that had replaced her once-warm blood. Her hair dried, she left it loose, in soft curls. She dressed in the thick white shirt, quilted tan pants, and heavy brown boots Roni supplied.
Roni waited in the sitting room of the quarters and handed Erynn a large mug when she walked in. Sunlight poured into the room from wide windows and glinted off the golden highlights in Roni’s light-brown hair.
Erynn wrapped both hands around the cup, feeling the heat, and raised the rim to her lips. The flavor was faintly sweet and spicy, with a syrupy thick consistency.
“That’ll put the glow back in your cheeks,” Roni stated, picking up another mug and taking a drink.
“Thank you. It’s good. Hot.” Erynn shivered, that inner chill beginning to melt. She tipped her head and smiled. “Are you Lieutenant, or Captain Roni?” Erynn continued to sip at the drink. Warm sunlight melted the ice in her blood. Erynn enjoyed the comfort of clean, dry clothes, the heat of the sun, and the uplifting sensation the drink gave her—simple comforts she’d never considered before.
Roni shook her head. “The Anbas have no ranking as you do in your military.” She moved to the window and stared out at the lush gardens. “We work together, for a common goal, the protection of Arranon. I recognize who my superiors are, as I understand who I have authority over.” Roni turned back to Erynn. “That’s the way it’s always been, and the practice works for us.”
Erynn frowned, considering the arrangement. There needed to be a great deal of trust and honor involved.
A knock interrupted Erynn’s musing. Roni hurried over to open the door. Erynn set down the mug and followed.
Jaer stood in the hall. His gaze swept over Erynn and lingered on the fall of loose red curls framing her face. His eyes warmed, and his expression softened. “I am sorry you were not given time to rest. This is the best we can offer you for now, Lieutenant.” Jaer ushered her away as he spoke, “You still are not safe.”
Lieutenant? Okay, I understand—we keep this relationship on a professional level. I just thought…I was sure I sensed…No. I was mistaken. Erynn hurried to keep up with Jaer, watching him. “I appreciate all you’ve done, sir. Is there any way I could get word to my dad?” The uncontrolled tremor in her voice surprised her.
Jaer stopped. He glanced at Roni, and his eyes narrowed before turning to Erynn. A frown etched his features. “Korin is occupied by an alien power. There has been no communication for some time now.” He searched Erynn’s face, focusing on her bruised cheek and split lip before locking on her eyes.
Erynn brushed self-consciously at the tender spots. Her voice dropped to a low murmur, “I understand, sir.” Eye contact maintained, she asked, “Do you know what happened to General Athru?”
Jaer nodded. “Only what we heard from their last transmissions. Cale, Tam, and Mikal escaped. They left the beach, staying below the scanners. This is the only good news I can give you.”
“Mikal!” Erynn’s voice echoed in the silent hall. “Are you sure Mikal was with General Athru?”
“Yes, Lieutenant. Mikal left with Cale.” Jaer looked down at Erynn, his frown framing dark eyes. “Is there a problem?”
Erynn turned away from Jaer and toward the double doors that led outside, took a tentative step forward, and stopped. Her hands fisted and her body tensed. Just where am I going? To deal with Mikal? It’s too late now. I never liked him. I should have…
Jaer took her arm, and she spun around. Her jaw set with determination, heat burned along the sides of her neck and into her face. “We’ve got a problem, sir. Mikal is our enemy,” she said with resolve.
Jaer released her. “Let me get you to Leathan.”
They walked through a maze of corridors and down long steps of old gray stone. The temperature dropped and Erynn shivered, the chill inside her returning. The scent of age, moldy and musty, came from the moist rock tunnel. Jaer pushed through a heavy wooden door and held it open. Erynn entered a small room with dark paneled walls and a smooth gray stone floor. An open rock fireplace in the back corner radiated light and welcomed heat. The trace aroma of smoke from hundreds of fires over the years lent a faint undertone to the air. Burnished metal lamps gave the space a warm inviting glow.
A man sat on the corner of a glossy wooden desk. He stood as Jaer, Roni, and Erynn entered.
Erynn smiled, relieved to see Sean, and Captain Tiar, sitting in chairs in front of the desk.
“Please join us, Lieutenant Yager.” The man invited, his voice even and moderate in tone. “I’m Leathan Tal.”
Erynn turned her attention to Leathan. Lustrous, thick gray hair worn long and pulled back in an ornate clasp at the back of his neck set off hazel eyes in a rugged face.
“You have questions. I’ll do my best to answer them.” Leathan motioned to the remaining seat before the desk. The sleeve of his deep-blue tunic caught the light from the fire. His quilted pale-gray pants reflected the faint orange glow.
Erynn sat next to Sean, and glanced behind.
Jaer stood by the entrance. “Before you begin, Leathan, Mikal, it seems, is an agent of our enemy.” Jaer’s voice rolled over her.
She winced, his declaration piercing.
Leathan returned to sit on the corner of the desk. He turned his gaze on Erynn. “Are you certain Mikal has betrayed us?”
Erynn perched on the edge of her chair, her hands gripping the front of the seat. “Yes, I’m positive, sir.”
“I saw him, too,” Sean said, nodding.
“He is with Birk,” Captain Tiar added. “An agent sent to infiltrate our ranks.”
Erynn bit her lower lip. “Is there any way we can warn General Athru?” She frowned as the full impact of the situation hit. Like a physical blow, the all-too-familiar mix of anger and shame crashed over her.
“I didn’t know about Mikal, Erynn, and I was closer to him than you,” Sean confided. He dropped his gaze and studied the stone floor.
Leathan’s voice brought her back. “Cale can’t be warned. At least not yet. He’ll handle any situation from Mikal’s actions.” He clasped his hands and spoke with a slow cadence. “I fear this scenario is one we’ll see repeated in the days to come. There are many who have betrayed us.” Leathan stared at Erynn. “I need to talk about your father. Would you rather we continue in private?”
Erynn’s gaze locked on Leathan. Her spine stiffened, and her skin grew cold. “Sir, if we’re to trust each other, there should be no private meeting.” My dad is no traitor.
Jaer shifted behind her, his boots scuffing the stone floor.
Leathan smiled. “Good, Lieutenant Yager. I knew your father. We became friends when he visited here long before you were born. I showed Zander around the Baeul Forest—”
Erynn stood up, the back of her legs bumping the seat edge, sending the chair scraping against the smooth floor. Her eyes narrowed, lips pressed tight. She shook her head, long curls swaying with the motion, the icy trepidation gone. “Damon Yager is my dad.”
“You’re right to defend his role, Lieutenant,” Leathan said in a soft voice. “Damon is an honorable man. I hold him in the highest regard. But Zander is your blood.”
She stiffened. “How do you know this? I don’t understand. Why is my parentage important?” Erynn shot back in a harsh tone, her arms rigid at her sides.
Jaer cleared his throat.
Erynn’s head whipped around, her expression still set in a frown. He leaned against the door, arms crossed. She watched his chest expand, shoulders rising slowly. He exhaled. His deep gaze fixed on her.
Her pent-up breath released through parted lips and her body relaxed. She turned from Jaer’s fathomless eyes and met Leathan’s gaze. Her voice lost its edge. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have interrupted you, sir.”
Leathan glanced at Jaer, his expression quizzical, then continued in a reassuring tone. “I’ve always known about you, Erynn. From the time you were born I’ve kept track of you, for Zander, because I knew he couldn’t.”
“You sound like General Athru. I do understand I have abilities because of Zander and my mother.”
He smiled and laughed. “Yes, there is that. But I told you—Zander and I became good friends.” Leathan stood up and moved to the back of the room. “Did you ever wonder why Zander came to Korin—beyond the purpose of meeting with government officials?” Leathan asked. He opened an access into a dark corridor. “Come with me and I’ll show you one of the reasons.”
Her dad told her why Zander had come to Korin. After the war for autonomy of the two worlds, Zander sought to encourage greater acceptance between their cultures.
Erynn took a tentative step forward. She glanced back, and hesitated. Roni, Captain Tiar, and Jaer remained.
Jaer smiled and nodded.
Sean stood behind her. “Come on, it’s okay. I’ll go with you.” He put his hand on her shoulder and, with a gentle pressure, guided her past the desk.
Leathan led them through a dim narrow hall to an ancient wooden door. Beyond, handcrafted stone steps spiraled up a tower of engraved rock. Symbols covered the circular wall, but were difficult to recognize in the muted light from an arched opening above.
At the top of the stairs, they moved through a sunny courtyard to a metal gate set in a stone wall. A path led to a squat building with wide windows. Leathan depressed a panel, and the door slid open.
Erynn found herself in yet another hallway, but this one was bright and cheerful. Voices of children reciting lessons came from a room on the left. Leathan entered, gesturing for Erynn and Sean to join him.
Eight children ranging in ages turned in their seats. They all smiled when they saw Leathan, but their smiles faded at the sight of Sean and Erynn.
An older boy stood at the front of the room and walked forward to greet Leathan. “Welcome, Siefan Tal.” He glanced sideways at Erynn and frowned. The young man motioned with his hand. All together in clear singsong voices the children responded, “Welcome, Siefan Tal.”
Erynn gazed around the room. Young faces turned in her direction, their eyes wide. They wore thick white tunics, tan quilted pants and brown boots, like Erynn. The children had varied skin tones, and eye colors. Some had short hair framing their beautiful faces and some medium length, loose about their shoulders. Only one wore his hair in the traditional style, long and pulled back, clasped at his neck—the older boy who first greeted them.
“This is Iyan. Iyan, this is Lieutenant Erynn Yager and Lieutenant Sean Tannen,” Leathan introduced. “The rest of these rigeads you’ll get to know in time,” he teased, prompting giggles from the younger children and eye rolling from the older ones.
Iyan glanced back over his shoulder and smiled.
“Continue your lessons,” Leathan said, his tone light. “We’ll join you later.”
Leathan guided Erynn and Sean out of the room and down the bright hall. After the door slid shut, he slowed. “Zander came here, drawn to an area of Arranon emanating power.”
“Power?” Erynn asked and frowned.
“Great power.” Leathan nodded at Erynn and continued. “I wish there was time to tell you of all the wonders I saw while traveling with him. Zander told me about the special children born of mixed parentage and their connection to Arranon.” Leathan stopped at a window and stood in the pool of sunlight. Silver hair shining in the bright light trailed down his back. His gaze distant, his expression wistful, he sighed and his gaze darted from Sean to Erynn.
Erynn straightened and gasped. “Were there children on Korin with mixed parentage? Is that why Zander was there?”
Sean took Erynn’s hand and squeezed. His deep-green eyes focused on Leathan.
“No. Zander found no special children on Korin. Just your mother, Alessa. She was a beautiful young woman, intelligent, and quite charming. There seemed to be an instant connection between her and Zander.”
A thousand questions about her mother and Zander competed for attention, seeking a voice. But now was not the time. Maybe later she could ask Leathan, if there was a later.
Leathan returned his attention to the view of the sunny courtyard. “I’m not like you. I’m not gifted,” he said. “Zander did leave me with an objective, though. He assigned me the task of being alert to any children born on Arranon that might have extraordinary abilities.”
Erynn glanced back at the closed door to the classroom. “They’re diff…special.” She turned back to Leathan. “Our governments did lie about the deformities—the deaths.”
Leathan stared out the window. His eyes appeared lighter, more green than brown in the glaring sun. Water shimmered on their surface. “Yes.” His voice was barely a whisper, the tone deep. The heavy lines in his ashen face showed a sudden tension. He frowned, and glanced at Erynn. Leathan turned back to the window, took in a deep breath, and let it out through pursed lips. His lids closed for a brief moment, and his manner changed to his previous calm. The nervous gestures stopped. Heavy creases around his eyes and mouth smoothed, and a healthy color returned to his skin.
“Zander advised me to keep their existence a secret. He assured me a powerful Siefan would come one day and there would be a great need for the children’s abilities. I believe that Siefan is Cale Athru. Current conditions have required his hasty departure into hiding.”
Erynn shook her head. General Athru tried to warn her. He had been part of a plan for these remarkable children. Their chance to grow powerful, to protect their world…worlds was now jeopardized.
Footsteps echoed in the hall behind her. Erynn sensed an approaching energy, a bright force surrounding her. The children had left the classroom and gathered around. The little ones reached out to tug on her shirt while Iyan stood back, watching.
A girl, her young voice ringing in the quiet hall, said, “What is happening on Korin and Arranon is the reason Cale came to you.” Her radiant blue eyes sparkled when she smiled. “Now you can tell him about us. It’s not too late.”
Erynn touched outstretched hands. Their lives were so different than hers. They had each other—a bond she’d never experienced. Accepted in a way she’d never known, until now. She couldn’t help smiling, her resolve growing. These children must have the chance to fulfill their destiny. She would do everything in her power to help General Athru save their worlds.



Chapter 13


AMID THE INSISTENT VOICES OF the children trying to gain her and Sean’s attention, Erynn caught snippets of names, ages, and accomplishments.
Leathan cleared his throat. The children quieted. “Let’s take our guests to the dining hall and show them our very best manners.” Love for these kids flowed from him.
His powerful emotions tugged at Erynn’s heart. Will I ever feel this from my dad again?
Two of the younger children, a boy and a girl with brown skin and wide dark eyes, grasped Erynn’s and Sean’s hands to pull them along. “Mealtime is our favorite part of the day, next to free play,” their excited voices informed in unison.
Twins.
Erynn smiled. She glanced at Leathan. “Where are their parents…parent?”
Leathan nodded, held up a finger, and said to the children, “Why don’t you run ahead and prepare the extra settings we’ll need. I hear we’re having achcear today.”
They let out a whoop of approval. Iyan collected the happy group and hustled them away, his long white-blond hair shimmering in the sunlight streaming through the wide windows.
“Their parents are from all over Arranon,” Leathan began, stopping and staring down the hall. “When possible, families are relocated, and are encouraged to see their children as much as they want, but they live here.” He spread his arms to indicate their surroundings.
“They don’t live with their families?” Erynn shook her head. “That seems a bit extreme.” She glanced at Sean, wondering if he had grown up in a similar situation.
Sean gazed out the window, his expression vague. “My mother raised me in a remote area on Korin. My father supported us, and we were able to visit with him and Tiar often.”
Leathan smiled. “Sean and Tiar’s parents found a way to make it work for them. But in our circumstance, it’s easier to protect the children this way. Their families knew from the beginning this was how it would be. A sacrifice they made in the best interest of their children.” He stared at Erynn. “It’s less extreme than having to hide what they are among people who wouldn’t understand their abilities. Too many questions from outsiders could be dangerous. Don’t you think?”
“You’re referring to me, to the way I had to live,” Erynn said in a low voice. “My dad did the best he could for me.” Erynn forced a light tone. “I adjusted.” Lately, she was over-sensitive when it came to her dad. But Leathan wasn’t criticizing. He merely pointed out the alternative for his difficult decision of separating these children from their families.
His eyes crinkled in a broad smile. “Oh, Erynn, you did more than adjust—you thrived.”
The aroma of cooking drifted out into the hall and Erynn’s stomach growled. She calculated the last time she’d eaten—nearly a day ago. Add to that all the activity, no wonder she was hungry.
Double doors slid open to a cozy room with a long wooden table and chairs. The children bustled about setting three extra places, their excited chatter filling the space. Sunshine streamed in through the windows along one wall. Bowls of steaming food occupied the center of the table, along with clear pitchers containing a reddish-orange liquid.
The twins showed Sean and Erynn to seats, wiggling in next to them. Iyan handed out filled glasses. Erynn took a sip, savoring the spicy bite under the sweet, fruity flavor.
Achcear, Erynn realized with her first bite, was cearach, or something similar. The tender white meat was moist and well prepared. She stabbed an unfamiliar green vegetable with her fork and nibbled at the end. The flavor agreeable, the texture crisp, she popped the remainder in her mouth.
At once, the children stared at her, silent.
“What’s wrong?” she asked around a mouthful, eyes wide, chewing quickly and swallowing while glancing around the table.
“Is it true,” a sandy-haired boy asked, “that on Korin, you can play in the water?”
Erynn grinned. “Yes. It’s called swimming. On hot days it’s a good way to cool off.”
A collective murmur cascaded through the children.
“What about playing outside at night?” an older boy with dark hair and piercing blue eyes asked.
“Outside?” Erynn frowned. “Oh, the animals. We have few dangerous predators on Korin. The ones we do have live in vast, remote regions. They rarely venture into populated areas.”
The pretty blonde girl who had talked to Erynn in the hall asked, “What about music? Do you know about Nochtu and Klistche?”
“Are those groups? I love music,” Erynn answered with enthusiasm, smiling. “I took lessons as a child.”
The girl nodded, blue eyes wide and bright.
“I’ve never heard them. Do you have their vids?”
She nodded again, blonde hair bouncing. “Would you like to see them?”
“That would be great.” Erynn’s smile slipped a notch. Another if that hinged on the outcome of the days to come—a struggle her dad was well entrenched in.
Iyan stared at Erynn. “What’s it like to fly an Interceptor?” He feigned indifference, but his gray-blue eyes sparkled.
Erynn’s stomach fluttered. She kept what remained of her smile in place with effort. “You’ll have to ask Sean. He’s flown. I’ve only been in simulators.” Her stomach lurched again. She frowned and stared down at the table. This had nothing to do with the talk of fighters and flying. A tingle began in her fingers, spreading up her arms to the base of her neck. She dropped her fork on her empty plate. Electricity jumped along her nerves.
Jaer appeared in the door, his face tense. He motioned to Leathan.
Erynn stood up as Leathan did and followed him. Captain Tiar waited just outside, leaning against the wall, Roni next to him.
“Birk’s coming,” Erynn stated in a whisper.
“He has just entered the forest with a hundred well-armed, battle-ready men,” Jaer said in a low voice.
“He can’t find out about this.” She glanced back into the dining hall, to the concerned faces of the watching children. “I shouldn’t have come here.”
“We’ll go, Erynn.” Sean moved next to her. “Leathan will keep the children safe.”
Captain Tiar stepped forward. “I’m going with you.”
“Roni and I will go also.” Jaer glanced at Leathan. “My Anbas are waiting, ready.” Jaer’s eyes narrowed and his jaw tensed. “They know what to do.” Leathan and Jaer exchanged subtle nods.
Erynn frowned, noticing their slight signal, curious to the gesture’s meaning.
A young woman wearing a black-and-red silk tunic approached Leathan. Long gold-streaked blonde hair stood out against the vibrant colors of her uniform. “Caporas are ready, Leathan. Gear is waiting in the transports.”
“Good.” Leathan smiled at Erynn. “Don’t worry. I have some tricks that will throw Birk and his troops off your track.” He turned to the woman. “Do we still have the uniforms Tiar, Sean, and Erynn wore when they arrived?”
“Yes, sir. They’re in poor condition, though,” the young woman grimaced as she answered.
“That’s better,” Leathan said. “It may not fool Birk, but what if we shred the uniforms. Add some blood and hand over bits and pieces—enough that he’ll recognize them for what they are. We’ll claim that was all we found in the forest.” Leathan sighed. “Birk must be aware by now that there are creatures in our forests that would consider Tiar, Sean, and Erynn easy prey.”
The woman smiled in return. “Yes, sir. It’s worth a try.”
“Warn everyone in the city and surrounding area. Let’s set the stage and wait for the players to enter.”
She nodded and hurried off to perform her tasks.
“Then there’s the Anbas.” Leathan turned to Jaer. “We’ll see how Birk and his troops survive against them.”
Jaer stared down the hall and smiled.
“Wait. You’re sending the Anbas out against a hundred technically advanced soldiers?” Erynn glared at Leathan and shook her head. “No. They’ll be killed. There has to be another way.”
“My people can handle this, Lieutenant.” Jaer continued to gaze down the hall, his expression blank.
Leathan faced the window. “Birk’s troops are about to encounter a lethal force in the Baeul. His men will have no choice but to spread out in the heavy underbrush. The beasts of the night are nothing compared to Jaer’s elite unit. The Anbas will cut their numbers with stealth and deadly accuracy.” Leathan smiled. “This enemy’s technology won’t prevail over Arranon.”
The scene outside peaceful, Erynn wondered what Leathan saw as he gazed into the sun-drenched landscape. “How can you say that? You must understand this is not a game, or an exercise. This is real. What’s coming is dangerous.”
“Dangerous for Birk and his troops.” Jaer’s face was stone, his eyes darker than she remembered.
Erynn knew she questioned Jaer’s and his Anbas’ abilities. She didn’t want them getting hurt, or worse—dying. But in a war casualties are inevitable. She sighed. “I hope you’re right.”
Jaer slowly turned to face her, tipping his head and raising one eyebrow. “Trust me.”
Erynn bit her lip, her attention back on Leathan. “Are you coming with us?”
“No. I can help you more if I stay here.” Leathan pushed her toward Jaer. “You need to go.”
“I’m not worried about that. I’m concerned with your safety.” Erynn planted her feet, not allowing him to maneuver her.
Leathan shook his head. “I won’t leave the people or my city.
“I understand.” Erynn looked into his eyes. His serenity washed over her. “My dad would’ve said the same thing.” That tremor in her voice again. She cleared her throat, gaining control. “Birk won’t hesitate to kill. Please be careful,” she pleaded.
“I will. Now go.” Leathan gave her a small push. “The others are waiting.”
She started, stopped, and turned back to Leathan.
“Open yourself to the possibilities around you, Erynn.”
Erynn nodded and rushed down the sunlit hall.

***

They arrived at another stable similar to the first one. The building sat at the edge of a short meadow surrounded by mountain peaks dusted with fresh snow. As the young officer had advised Leathan, fully equipped caporas waited. They mounted the animals and trotted away, putting distance between them and the children. Cool air scented with the musky fragrance of the abundant trees and plant life surrounded them. Erynn stared back at Glaskra as the peaceful city slipped out of sight.



Chapter 14


THE RHYTHMIC MOVEMENT OF THE capora lulled Erynn, making it difficult to remain alert. Several times, she caught herself from sliding off the saddle while dozing. The animal stopped without her instruction, and she straightened, searching her surroundings.
Captain Tiar dismounted and surveyed the forest. Sean joined him.
She turned and asked Jaer, “What’s wrong?”
Jaer rode up next to her and dismounted. “We can stop and rest a while.”
Erynn threw her leg over the capora’s neck and slid to the ground. Aching joints protested when her feet hit the rocky soil and she moaned.
Jaer reached out, steadying her. “What is wrong?”
Erynn gazed up at him and frowned. “I’m not used to riding. My muscles are sore.”
“I think I can fix that,” Jaer said with a small smile. “Wait here.”
Erynn sat on the grass in a patch of sunlight, and watched Roni hand Jaer a small package. He rummaged through the bundle before handing it back. Erynn closed her eyes and turned her face to the sun, but no warmth touched her. Only an orange-red brightness glowed under her lids. The constant low buzz of centinents added to her drowsiness. Maybe she could just lie down for a moment, grab a quick few minutes of sleep.
Instead, she opened her eyes, at Jaer’s approach.
Jaer squatted and held out a small cup. “This should ease the soreness and relax your muscles.”
Their fingers brushed and popping blue static jumped between their hands.
He chuckled softly. “Is this something that always happens with you?”
“No,” she mumbled, straightening her back, her face warming. “I’m sor—” She bit back the apology. He would only tell her again it wasn’t necessary. She brought the cup to her lips. The clear yellow liquid had a medicinal smell, the flavor minty. She sensed Jaer studying her. The intensity of his stare heated her skin and caused her heart rate to increase.
“Thank you for…this stuff. What is it?”
“Just a mixture of plant roots.” Jaer’s tone carried the shrug she didn’t observe, but knew was there.
“Mmmmm, good.” She glanced up from the liquid swirling in the cup and wrinkled her nose. The crinkling across her face pinched the smile in her features.
Jaer laughed. “It could have been worse.” His chuckle wove through his words.

The clear honesty in the sound rang across her senses. Stay focused. “I’m sure. Where are we going?” Erynn asked.
Silence stretched between them, Jaer continuing to watch her. He looked away frowning and stared at the ground. “That has not been revealed to me yet.”
“What?” Erynn glared at him, her eyes wide. “You mean we’re just going to wander in the woods until Birk finds us or gets bored and goes home?” She pushed up from the grass, thrusting the empty cup into his hand, careful not to touch him. “Your plan needs a little work.”
“None of this is my plan. I am open to suggestions.” Jaer stood up to face her. Deep brown eyes stared down at her, enhanced by his black hair and beard. “You tell me. What should we do?”
Erynn broke away from the power of his gaze, her turn to stare down at the ground. “This is my fault,” she whispered.
He reached out and lifted her chin. “Stop blaming yourself. Do something. Change the outcome. Use what your parents gave you. If I had the powers you have…” His body relaxed and his eyes softened. The breeze whipped a strand of curls across her face. Jaer smoothed the unruly tresses back, letting them slide through his fingers. “We will go talk with the others.” He frowned, dropped his hand, and walked away.
Erynn watched him a moment. Don’t touch. Don’t get too close. Her gut clenched and her heart squeezed against the sting of his reaction to her.
She hurried over to the others. “I hear we’re literally going nowhere,” Erynn said when they were all together. She controlled her tone, keeping it even. “Captain Tiar and Sean both assure me Birk won’t give up. He’ll continue until he has what he wants.” They watched her, and she sighed. “There’s only one thing to do. I’ll go back—confront Birk.”
“No, Erynn.” Sean pushed forward. “You don’t have to do this. Let the Anbas and Leathan deal with Birk.”
Captain Tiar grabbed Sean’s arm. “Little brother, no.” He shook his head and glanced at Jaer. More of that unspoken communication passed between them.
“What’s going on? What am I missing?” Erynn’s gaze drifted from Captain Tiar to Jaer.
Jaer glared out at the forest. “You are not missing anything.”
“Then why do I feel like a human sacrifice?”
Jaer’s head snapped around, his eyes wounded, but he said nothing.
Erynn turned away from him, from all of them, facing the wall of trees separating her from the city. “I’ll return to Glaskra and face Birk there, but outside the city.” Her stomach rolled.
Still not looking at her, Jaer said, “I will go with you as far as the stable.”
“That’s not necessary,” Erynn said, her words abrupt. “I can find my way back.”
Jaer turned, stalked to the caporas, and began dropping supplies from two of them.

***

They arrived at the stable well after dark. Erynn lifted her face to the sky and shivered. Cold penetrated the thick shirt she wore. She took the dark brown coat Jaer brought her, wrapped herself in the soft warmth, and pulled the hood around her face.
She turned toward the city. “Wait. I can’t see Glaskra. Why are there no lights?” Erynn closed her eyes and opened her mind. She had never attempted to find someone. She pictured Birk and his evil, pale eyes, remembered his hateful manner. The sense of him came to her, and she understood why Glaskra remained dark. Before Jaer could answer, she continued, “Birk is there, in the city.” Her eyes snapped open. Intensity flared inside her. A mixture of anger and fear churned her stomach and quickened her pulse. “I’ll stay here tonight—get Birk away from Glaskra in the morning. He won’t risk coming out in the dark.”
“How will you get him here?” Jaer asked.
She shook her head. “I’m not sure, but it will happen.” A humorless laugh scraped from her dry throat. “It seems I’ve been able to do a lot more since I arrived on Arranon.” She narrowed her eyes and glanced at him. “You wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?”
Jaer stared at her a long moment and then turned toward the caporas. “I will stay with you until morning.” His voice quiet as he walked away.
Without speaking, they cared for the animals. Erynn sensed Jaer’s glances as they prepared a simple meal in the safety of the stable’s quarters, and ate in silence.
Later, Erynn stood at the only window of the small one-room structure. Twin moons rose, turning the edges of the dark forest silver. Dappled shadows danced beneath the trees as the breeze grew. Inside, the only light came from the blazing fire Jaer started in the stone hearth. Heat filled the space but did little to thaw the icy dread inside Erynn. Fear of what the morning would bring tightened her chest, her breaths shallow and quick. Ache turned to a muted pang in her heart.
Jaer walked up and stood behind her, his warmth radiating to her. Erynn turned and stared up into his eyes. “Why won’t you talk to me? Or tell me what’s going on?” She kept her tone low, her voice steady.
Jaer shook his head. “There is nothing I can tell you.”
“Well. At least you didn’t lie to me. You could have said you didn’t have anything to tell me.”
“Arranon is with you. You will be fine.” Jaer turned away. “Try and get some sleep. You need the rest,” he said over his shoulder.
Erynn shuffled to one of the four bunks and removed her boots. She climbed under thick covers, and fell asleep out of sheer exhaustion.



Chapter 15


ERYNN WOKE BEFORE DAWN. SHE pushed the covers back and sat up, surveying the cold, dark, and silent room. Black shadow shapes crouched in the corners, ready to spring. Outside, night still ruled. A gentle breeze whispered secrets along the eaves. She pulled on boots, slipped into her coat, and crept outside, walking away from the paddocks to stand in a clearing ringed by the dense forest.
She would face Birk soon, but this time on her terms. She tried to calm her wild heart, breathing with a measure of control. “What will I do?” she murmured. The wind rose in answer to her question, drawing with it a pale hint of the coming morning. She watched, transfixed as the forest came to life around her.
Fingers of sunlight reached out, grabbed the tops of the trees, and pulled forward.
She searched the forest, sought answers in swaying limbs, and listened for wisdom in the chattering and chirping high above. “How does this work?” She shouted to the sighing wind. Small gray aleuns shot from the trees in alarm and flew in tight circles at the timbre of her voice.
She closed her eyes. Bright blue and purple lights swarmed beneath her lids. The familiar sweet, spicy scent enveloped her.
High-pitched voices sang through her mind. “Ahfarine.” Trust.
Erynn opened her eyes. The forest around her stood out, clear and sharp. She sensed its living essence. “Trust? Tell me who to trust, and I will.”
The sun reclaimed a sky turning from gray to blue. Light pressed the last of the shadows back, chasing the icy night wind.
Voices chorused, “Ta’se’ tamai. Se’ de’an anoth nuath. Ahfarine.” It is time. Do it now. Trust.
Fear tapped painfully at the inside of her skull behind her eyes and crashed like waves along the shore of her stomach. She stood buffeted by leaves and dust that swirled first from one direction and then another. She let her thoughts fly like the aleun. They flowed on a current of will toward the city of Glaskra, seeking Birk, finding him, letting him know she waited. She sensed his obsessed intent, his excitement. She braced her courage against the malevolence his life modeled. His hunt would end here and now.
The wind increased. Powerful gusts rushed the trees. Limbs and boughs cracked and moaned. The evolving storm surged around her. Jaer approached, stopping…behind her again. She turned, pulled the hood concealing her face back, and locked onto his sad, dark eyes. “I must do this—by myself. I think you and Leathan knew that all along.”
Jaer nodded and laid his hand on her shoulder with a gentle pressure. “We have done what we can for you. Birk is alone. His troops are gone.” His fingers traced over her bruised cheek and outlined the downward curve of her cut lip. “Face your fears. Use your abilities. Trust Arranon to help. There is power here, waiting for you. End the denial of your past and embrace who you are.”
Erynn focused on the road behind Jaer. “I think I understand. I’m trying.”
“Leathan asked me to give you something when you accepted this truth.” Jaer reached into his pocket and pulled out a sheathed dagger, the ornately engraved hilt set with red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple jewels. This belonged to your father.” He placed the dagger in her hand. “Zander would want you to have it.”
Erynn examined the weapon from the sharp tip to the adorned hilt. It appeared quite old. She slipped the blade back into the leather sheath and tucked it into an inside pocket of her coat. She doubted the dagger more useful than her sidearm. “Thank you.”
Erynn glanced in the direction of the city and narrowed her awareness. “It’s time for you to go. Birk is coming.”
“I…” He closed his eyes and shook his head. His breathing ragged, forced.
“Go,” Erynn commanded and turned her back to him. The act took every bit of her courage. She wouldn’t ask him to stay and risk his life. She pulled the hood back over her head, shrinking into the folds.

***

The sun continued its ascent. Wind bent trees. Limbs snapped and crashed to the ground. Erynn listened to the song whistling around the stable’s eaves. Words joined the high sighing. Not the shrill voices she’d heard before, but a man’s voice.
“Trust,” he said with sad assertion. “Listen to the knowledge of Arranon,” he implored.
“Trust what? Who? What knowledge? I don’t understand.” Erynn stared up at the surging trees and began to sway with their hypnotic rhythm.
“Arranon will assist you. You need only ask,” he instructed.
“Ask what? How can Arranon assist me? I don’t know what to do.” Erynn held her hands in an imploring gesture. She waited, listened, wanting more. Nothing. His message less than useful and little more than cryptic advice.
The road lay before her in flickering light and shadow. Erynn sensed Birk’s mad approach, his frenetic rush to get to her.
Erynn nearly doubled over when her stomach rolled and knotted. Her nerves prickled, burning across the surface of her skin, and she shivered. Birk’s twisted image, his evil intent, flitted inside her head and made it difficult to come up with a plan. She had no intention of going with him. She would die first. But killing her wasn’t his goal. Birk’s objective to take her away from Arranon—Wait. From Arranon? I need Birk off my trail. To get back to Korin. I must fight alongside Dad.
A tree behind the stable groaned, creaked, and snapped. The giant fell with a resounding crash. She considered how strong and enduring the massive trunk stood a moment before, the root’s connection with the deep soil gone. She turned away as dust, bits of twigs, and needle leaves rushed at her. The debris pattered her back and flew past.
She concentrated on the roar of the wind pushing against and through the bending treetops. They gave themselves over to the energy that buffeted them. Erynn closed her eyes and surrendered to the storm, to the wind’s greater force, and bent to the will of a higher power. Her mind cleared. The tingling fear receded. The storm pushed and pulled, tugging at her. She remained solid, fixed, unaffected.
“Staic nah Arranon,” soft voices carried to her. Rooted to Arranon.
Erynn gazed up at the clear blue sky. “But my dad…my home.”
“Shia bayn urita den teaglath, urita behaleth.” Their words held a somber tone. “We are your family, your home.”
A transport sped forward, sliding to a stop a few meters from her, pulling her attention from the chorus of whispers in the wind.
Birk climbed out and stepped slowly toward Erynn. A slight smile touched his lips. “Where are your friends?” he asked in a loud mocking tone.
“Where are yours?” she called from the concealment of her hood.
Birk’s smile faded. “I take it you’ve accepted that to resist is pointless.” His eyes narrowed. “You’re ready to come with me now,” he shot back.
Her voice steady, she responded, “No, that’s not my intent.”
“Then this is a trap?” Birk asked with a mirthless chuckle. He moved closer, his gaze slipping from her to survey the forest and back. His pupils dilated inside the odd pale-brown irises.
“I’m hiding nothing. There’s no one else here. It’s only you, me, and this world you plan to destroy.” She held his gaze as she spoke, her tone strong and steady. “I won’t go with you.”
“Oh, you’ll come with me. I told Admiral Newell about you—about the accomplishments you’ve attained at your young age.” He rested a hand on his holstered weapon, fingers twitching. His tawny hair danced in the wind. “We did some checking. I was curious at Athru’s interest. There’s something about the two of you…” His smile slipped, and he surveyed the wind-tossed trees. “That storm in the forest last night was a tight cell, and you were the center. The disturbance moved with you. How?” His expression curious, he continued, “When the storm ended, we lost your position.”
“What are you talking about?” Erynn shook her head. “I had nothing to do with the storm. How could I?”
His head tipped to the other side. “Then there were the animals—the ones that aided your escape both from the ship and in the woods.” He studied her. “You have some kind of connection with the animals of this planet. Even more interesting, you can influence the weather here. And yet you’ve never set foot on Arranon.”
Erynn shook her head. “You’re talking nonsense.”
“Am I? I don’t think so. Admiral Newell is very interested in meeting you. Arranon has troubled him from the beginning of his assault and continues to hinder him. We believe you can help us in our victory over this vile world.”
“This vile world?” Her eyes narrowed, hands fisted, body tense. “You assume too much. Even if I could do those things, I will not help you, ever.”
“You’ll help us. They all come around to our way of thinking…eventually.”
“I’m not coming with you,” she declared.
Birk stood arm’s length from her, his smile widening. “You make this too easy, Erynn. May I call you Erynn?” he asked with a hint of sarcasm. “I returned to Korin for a short time last night to brief Admiral Newell. While there, I had the privilege of meeting your father.” His pale eyes flashed with evil delight. “Commanding General Damon Yager is dead. I killed him myself.”
Erynn screamed, “No!” Air rushed from the depths of her lungs. A powerful gust of wind slammed into Birk, throwing him back. The concentrated whirlwind swirled and held him separate from the gale around them. Trees snapped or tore loose from the soil and rolled along the ground. Rage flared from the pit of her stomach, a red-hot heat racing through her. Small limbs flew at Birk, slapping him, cutting his outstretched hands and unguarded face.
Erynn’s vision darkened, her anger growing, and with her fury, the storm increased. She stood, rooted securely to the spot, unaffected by the gale. Her eyes closed against a flood of tears.
The wind howled. Birk yelled furious curses.
A faint, shrill call rose above the tempest, gaining volume, drowning out everything but an impassioned plea. “Cadjoo.” Help.
She needed to focus, to control her emotions.
“Arranon is in danger.” Erynn’s eyes flew open. She inhaled deeply and held the breath. The wind calmed. A gentle breeze rustled leaves and stirred boughs. “Arranon will assist me,” she whispered, releasing the pent-up air. “I will not go with you,” she stated again, her voice shaking with grief and anger.
Birk looked around at the sudden cessation of the storm. His mouth worked, but no words came. Cut and bleeding, his clothing torn, he reached to his hip, but the holster was empty, his weapon ripped away by a wind-driven branch.
“You refuse to recognize Arranon’s strength and the will of her people,” Erynn said, her voice rising in force. “We are powerful.” She took a step forward. “You failed to assassinate Cale Athru,” she said through gritted teeth. “You murdered my father—one more crime you will pay for. I promise.” Tears tracked down her dirt-streaked face. “Not returning with me will be your final failure.” Currents of blue turned purple and whirled around her, faster and faster.
Birk stared at her and stumbled back, his fear a palpable substance, thick and oily.
The wind gone, distant bellows and crashing came from the forest. Erynn glanced in the direction of the disturbance.
Birk took advantage of her distraction and rushed forward.
She jumped, dodging his attack.
Voices pleaded in the breeze, “Ahfarine.” Trust.
On impulse, she reached inside her coat for the dagger instead of her staser.
Birk grabbed, catching the back of her hood in his headlong dash, jerking her with him. His uncontrolled momentum took them both to the hard ground.
The dagger flew from her hand. Erynn kicked out, her heavy boot connecting with Birk’s ribs.
Air rushed from Birk’s lungs in a howl of pain and rage. His hold tightened. He pulled her toward him across the ground, seizing her jacket with his other hand.
Erynn raked and pushed at his arms. Her legs scrambled against the ground, seeking purchase.
He held tight, his grasp firm. “You will come with me!” he yelled, spit hitting her face.
The cracking, crash, and shatter of wood from the forest grew.
Birk rolled on top of her. Leaves and twigs stuck in his dirty, windblown hair. Dust swirled. Debris from the windstorm dug into her back. He straddled her. One hand grasping her throat, he squeezed.
Erynn coughed, clawing at his hand, and arm.
Birk’s laugh rumbled low and menacing from deep in his chest. His strange pale eyes sparked and burned with anger. His arm drew back, hand fisted.
In Erynn’s peripheral vision, the jeweled dagger shimmered in the sunlight. Blue tendrils wound around her hands. She released the current. Energy arced through the air. Time slowed to a measured beat. She reached out, her fingers grasping through dirt, stems, and leaves, finding and clasping the hilt. Static popped in the air. Time lurched, catching up to Erynn. She lifted the dagger and swung the tip down, driving the point into Birk’s thigh.
Birk screamed and released his hold, rolling off her. He leapt up, holding his leg. Blood poured around his fingers. His eyes glazed over. “You’re dead,” he snarled, limping forward.
Heels digging into the ground, she scrambled backward.
From the forest to her right, branches shook with a violent fury. Wood cracked and splintered. Large animals with wide pointed antlers burst from the edge of the forest, running toward Birk. He stood frozen, watching the beasts close in on him.
Erynn jumped to her feet and stumbled away from the charge. There was a clear purpose in the eyes of the asador herd.
The animals charged with speed and strength, running close enough for Erynn to detect their musky scent and the wind of their passage. The leaders tossed their heads back and forth. Dust billowed under cloven hooves. Deep bellows echoed against the ring of trees. Their call mounted, the entire herd taking up the cry. They drove against Birk, antlers piercing his chest and legs, raising him in the air. Blood bubbled and sprayed from his open mouth. Terror filled Birk’s dilated eyes. His scrabbling fingers made feeble attempts to extricate himself from the jagged, piercing horns with no success. The drive of running animals carried him into the forest, Birk’s garbled screams of fear and pain fading into a deathly silence.
Every muscle in Erynn’s body shook. She sucked in cold air and coughed at the burn produced in her raw lungs. The dagger wet and sticky in her hand, she looked down at blood smeared fingers and the dripping point. Erynn threw the dagger and it bounced dully against the ground. She dropped to her knees, and wiped her trembling hand through the dirt. She fought the urge to be sick and tried to laugh, producing only a hoarse rasp. The attempt added to the pain raking her tender throat. The dagger she doubted useful had saved her life. She closed her eyes and stayed on all fours until the nausea abated and her breathing slowed.
Erynn sat back on her heels, picked up the dagger, and cleaned the blade on leaves. She returned the weapon to the inside pocket, her focus turned to finding General Athru. She must help stop this invasion—this threat to Arranon. Others like Birk would come, soon. Their evil intent to destroy her worlds wouldn’t give up or go away, not voluntarily.
She pushed upright, and walked toward the stable. Grief over her dad’s murder would have to wait. Sorrow smoldered in her heart, the flame of pain held in check by a more pressing matter. The war facing the people of Arranon and Korin demanded her attention.
The act of confronting Birk unlocked an awareness of her potential and newfound abilities, of possibilities that awaited her. Erynn sensed for the first time her own strength. The time to learn about her connection with this world, accept her inheritance, and use this power against her enemies had come.
“I will stay on Arranon and fight.”



Chapter 16


ERYNN LEANED AGAINST THE DOORFRAME of the cabin. The dagger’s hilt pushed into her side, its weight real and consoling. She considered the journey before her, the demands and dangers. “I am Damon Yager’s daughter.” She fought back anger and grief, and straightened, her chin high. “I will do my best.”
She secured the door to the quarters and walked to where the capora grazed. His head popped up and he walked to Erynn, nuzzling her with his soft warm nose. A gentle breeze stirred the cool air under brilliant sunshine. Her heart beat with a slow steady rhythm, her lungs exchanging air with ease.
“Did I call the wind to rise up, to rage, and then stop?” Erynn gazed at the still trees and stroked the capora’s broad forehead. His warm, moist breath blew over her face, the scent sweet, like the grasses he ate. She shook her head to clear her mind, and slid the rope around the animal’s neck, leading him to where the gear waited. He stood patiently while Erynn fitted cinches and adjusted head straps.
Ready to go, she walked to the road and glanced back at Glaskra. Only distant rooftops and the façades of the foremost buildings met her gaze. The city appeared peaceful, safe, all color and light…for now. Erynn smoothed the thick fur of the capora’s neck, and sighed. “Time to get moving.”
The animal turned to study her.
“I’m fine. How about you? You ready?”
He snorted and tossed his head.
“Good.” She nodded. “This is only going to get harder, you know. Saving Arranon won’t be easy, but well worth the fight.”
She didn’t look back at the city as she rounded the bend in the road.

***

Long evening shadows covered the forest, siphoning away vivid colors and replacing them with muted ghosts of their former vibrancy. Sean, evidently watching for Erynn, walked from beneath the cover of the trees to meet her. His broad smile reflected her own. She slid off the capora, leading the animal toward the small camp.
“Erynn, I’m glad you’re back.” Sean’s green eyes studied her face. “Are you all right?”
Captain Tiar came forward and took the reins.
Erynn glanced past Sean and searched the shadows under the trees.
Roni appeared beneath the boughs, arms laden with wood for the fire.
“Isn’t Jaer here? He left early this morning and should’ve returned long ago.”
Sean frowned. “He was here. All he did was pace and growl at any one who tried to talk to him.” He glanced at the mountain.
“Where did he go?” Erynn asked, knowing the answer.
Sean continued to gaze up and pointed.
“Someone should go after him.” Erynn started toward the caporas tethered under low limbs.
Captain Tiar pushed through the branches. “Let Jaer work this out,” he ordered, staring at Erynn. “Leaving you was difficult for him. It’s not his way.”
Erynn glanced at Roni, and she nodded.
“Come on, eat. Jaer can take care of himself,” Captain Tiar said and walked back under the canopy of branches.
Erynn realized with her first bite of the stew how hungry she was. The meat tasted strong, wild, giving the vegetables a rich flavor. No one asked what happened between her and Birk, and she didn’t offer. Her thoughts churned on their next move. Get to an outpost or a city and somehow arrange transport to…?
That was where the plan fell apart. She couldn’t walk into the nearest big city and ask for the whereabouts of General Cale Athru, and travel vouchers. But staying here was dangerous. The enemy would continue searching in this area. “Captain Tiar, is there a way to get to a city, maybe catch a freighter delivering supplies to another remote section of Arranon?” Erynn’s question intruded on the quiet.
He wiped the back of his hand across his mouth. “Possibly. And Erynn, stop calling me Captain. I’m Tiar. Just Tiar. Please.” He glanced at her, a slight smile raising his lips. “We’re practically family.” His glanced behind her, his smile fading. “Where do you want to go?”
With no sound of his approach, Jaer stepped out of the shadows. He glared at Erynn. “What are you talking about?”
Erynn stared up into his dark, brooding face and sighed with relief.
Tiar picked up a pebble and rolled the tiny stone around in his hand. “Erynn wants to leave.”
Jaer’s eyes narrowed. “Where?” he growled.
“Somewhere away from here,” Erynn said, glaring back at Jaer.
“So, you have decided to endanger yourself? We are safe here for now, Lieutenant. Take some time. Think this out before making any decisions that could cost your freedom.”
“I’m not as sure as you are, sir, regarding our safety remaining so close to where they will be looking for us.” Heat burned her cheeks, and she lowered her face.
“Where then? Where would you take us?” Jaer stared down at her, eyes blazing. He squared his shoulders, appearing even larger.
“The immediate threat has passed.” Tiar’s tone was even. He tossed the pebble at the fire. “Why start it all again by attempting to leave? You’ll only call attention to yourself.”
Erynn turned to Tiar. “There might be a way—if we had a good plan.” She whipped her head around to Jaer. “And no. I don’t know where to go.” Erynn’s tone hardened. “Maybe that doesn’t matter as much as just getting away. They are going to keep looking for us here.”
Tiar and Jaer exchanged a quick glance.
More of that silent communication passed between them again. Erynn gritted her teeth.
“It’s possible, but risky,” Tiar conceded.
“I understand.” Erynn nodded and forced her tense jaw muscles to relax. She sensed Jaer’s intensity and met his gaze.
Jaer’s eyes narrowed, and he shook his head. “Be sure this is the best choice. Personally, I think you are underestimating the possibilities available to you here, Lieutenant Yager.” He turned and stalked to the caporas.
Erynn shouted at his back, “What possibilities? We’re in the middle of nowhere. How will staying here help find General Athru?” She considered running after Jaer, to make him explain. Her shoulders sagged with fatigue. There would be time later, in the morning, after she’d slept…she hoped.

***

The next day, sunrise approaching, Erynn made a point of helping Jaer pack the gear onto the caporas. After a long silence, she broke the awkward quiet. “Where are we going today, sir?” she asked with respect, her tone light, and waited for him to respond.
Jaer finished the task before him, silent. He completed securing the last bundle, turned, and faced her. His expression softened and he glanced at the first hint of golden light cresting the mountains. “Do you trust me, Lieutenant?” he asked, searching her face.
Taken aback by the directness of his question, Erynn stared. “Yes, sir. I do trust you.” Her eyes narrowed. “I believe you’d never do anything to jeopardize Arranon or your…our people, on both worlds.”
“Then allow me a few days before we leave for a more distant region of Arranon. If you still feel strongly about leaving, I will see to it.”
Erynn released her breath slowly. Her expression guarded, she watched him, wanting to ask why it was important they stay in this area.
Ahfarine. Trust.
“All right.” She nodded. “So, where are we going?”
Jaer gazed into the rising sun. “Leathan gave me some secure locations where we could stay. There is one not far from here.” He turned to her when she didn’t respond.
Erynn stared at the ground. “Birk told me my dad’s dead.” She chewed at her lip, biting back emotions rushing to the surface, and squeezed eyelids against brimming tears. “Birk murdered him,” she whispered. She raised her eyes. “Did you hear anything about this before you lost communications with Korin?”
Jaer sighed and glared at the same spot on the ground Erynn had studied and then back to her. “Yes—to some point. We knew of the commanding general’s—your father’s—capture.”
“You should have told me. It would have been better to hear the news from you. Birk enjoyed telling me.” Anger steadied her, taking the tremor from her voice.
“I was wrong not to tell you. I am sorry. But sorry is not enough, my reason was selfish.”
Erynn frowned. “Selfish?” She shook her head. “I don’t understand.”
He started forward and stopped as if a barrier he couldn’t—or didn’t want to breach, separated them. “Your father, Damon Yager, was your only family. I did not want to be the one to take him away from you.” His expression pained, he pushed through the distance between them. “This does not make sense to you. But had I known Birk would boast the news…” He stared toward the sun now fully above the mountain. “I am sorry. I understand if you are angry with me.”
Erynn’s tone betrayed the anger she strove to contain. “I am angry. At Birk and this alien force—at what they’re doing to our people, our worlds. I’m angry with myself for not seeing what was happening right in front of me.”
Jaer turned away from the sunrise. His gaze again locked on her.
Her voice steady and calm, Erynn continued, “I’m not angry with you.” Now she turned to stare at the brightness of the new day. “I think you did exactly what you had to. I learned from the experience, and what I did was…necessary,” she said, her words edged with newfound determination.

***

The small outpost was a short ride, as Jaer promised. One-story stone buildings lined a single main street deep in shadows of the mountains rimming the town. Transports crawled among caporas carrying packs. Consumers and suppliers bartered outside the shops in the unhurried pace of the street.
Erynn felt exposed, vulnerable here in the open. She pulled her hood low to conceal her face.
Jaer slid from his capora and turned, holding his arms up to help her.
“I can get down by myself.” Erynn scowled and threw her leg over the capora’s neck. Her scowl deepened when he didn’t budge.
Jaer ignored her protestations. Strong hands encircled her waist and lifted, setting her lightly on the ground. He let go, made a low rumble in his throat, and stalked toward the building.
Erynn heard stubborn in amongst his grumbling. “What did you say? I am not stubborn. I’m—”
“Stay here,” he called loud enough to indicate he meant all of them. He glanced over his shoulder. “Roni, you come with me.” He pushed through the door into a squat building and Roni followed.
Erynn idly stroked the soft fur on the capora’s neck as she surveyed her surroundings. No one seemed to be paying much attention to them.
She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and let her mind take wing. The freedom she experienced both exhilarated and frightened her. Her ability to let go and float on currents of consciousness was getting easier. But in the recesses of her mind, Erynn feared the possibility of going too far and not finding a way back.
She discovered nothing alarming in the immediate area, and pushed her awareness beyond the boundary of the small outpost.
A welcoming presence reached out and touched her, caressed her mind, and lingered.
Erynn reached farther. Like jumping into warm, bubbling water, the reply rushed up from her feet until she felt submerged. Colorful firelight danced around, tickling with a gentle energy where it skimmed across her skin. The familiar cloying scent, spicy and sweet, filled the air.
High voices sang in her mind. “Talchim.” Come.
“Come where?” her mind asked.
She got no answer, and pulled back. Her consciousness responded slowly, dragged through a strong, opposing current. The sounds of the town returned, driving away the peculiar sensation.
Erynn opened her eyes and glanced up at Jaer, meeting his gaze. He stood in front of her, watching her. She straightened and licked her lips, then glanced around. Tiar and Roni leaned against an outer wall, and Sean stood at the head of her capora, staring out at the street. I lost time. How long?
“I have lodgings for us. We can stay until we decide what to do,” Jaer said when Erynn again gave him her full attention.
Nodding, Erynn moved to where Roni and Tiar stood.
“You and Sean go inside,” Tiar said. “We’ll take care of the caporas.”
Erynn glanced back at Sean. He stepped toward her, his green eyes dark with concern.
The presence hadn’t felt threatening, and even now, what remained of the experience wasn’t unpleasant.

***

Erynn and Roni shared a small room in a back corner of the building. Rough gray stone walls and floors of dark varnished wood, pitted and scarred by age and use, gave the room a rustic, cozy character. Opposite the door to the washroom stood two sturdy beds, the large window between them faced a deep forest tucked against snow-capped mountains.
A blanket wrapped around her, Erynn sat on the sill of the open window. She shivered and stared out at the deep, silent darkness, occasionally glancing at Roni’s still form beneath the covers. Cold air drifted in on delicate breezes, but that wasn’t the cause of her chill.
Something out there called to her, lured her to come closer. The pull compelled her, with no sense of menace, and had grown in intensity as the evening progressed. She associated the summons with her loss of time earlier that afternoon.
Erynn peered into the night, searching the dark for an answer.
In the distance, soft pinpoints of blue, green, and purple flashed and sparkled, growing nearer.
Words collected inside Erynn’s mind, nonsensical at first, then gelling into an understandable message. She recognized the strong ringing voice—the man from the clearing before she’d faced Birk.
“There is a special place deep in the forest. I’ll meet you there.”
The intensity of the colors increased, brightened, but stayed in the distance.
Erynn tried to stammer out questions. His words, surged and swirled, eclipsing her attempts.
“Our time is short.”
Wind sighed through the eaves of the low building.
Or is it the wind?
“There’s so much I need to tell you—so much I wish I had time to show you. I will try to help. We must stop this alien invasion.”
In a blink, the lights vanished, taking the male presence with them. Erynn stood up and leaned out the window. The shouted plea for him, for the pinpoints of living lights to come back, caught in her throat. She glanced at Roni, asleep, her breathing soft and regular.
Erynn dressed and filled a small pack in the dark, careful to not wake Roni. She crept to the heavy wooden door and slid into the hallway.
Jaer stood at the end of the hall. He watched her for a moment, silent, and then stepped aside, allowing a path past him.
Erynn closed the distance between them and stopped. “I—”
Jaer put his fingers to her lips and brushed them with a gentle touch, quieting her. He shook his head, his dark eyes soft and warm, like smoldering coals. “The capora outside is for you.” He let his hand fall and walked away.
Erynn remembered the urgency of the message, the promise of help, and ran into the night.



Chapter 17


AS JAER SAID, A FULLY packed capora waited in the deserted street. How did he know?
Erynn left the small settlement the way they’d come in that afternoon. The call continued, strong and steady, a beacon her mind seized—to find this someone who would help. Town well behind her, she turned onto a rocky path leading deep into the forest.
The capora navigated the darkness along an old path or game trail, winding through thick branches and brushy undergrowth with ease. Erynn found she no longer needed to guide him. He appeared to follow the same unrelenting pull that tugged at her mind. She caught glimpses of darker forms moving ahead of or beside them, but nothing disturbed their journey. Her thoughts ran with the possibility of what she might find. With luck, an answer to defeating the alien force attacking her worlds waited in the forest.
The outlook hopeful, her stomach leapt in anticipation. She lifted her face to the night sky. Stars twinkled against the cold, dark background of space. “Please let this be the help we need.”
Her ride continued well into morning before the capora stopped, the force guiding them gone.
An aged stone-and-wood cabin beside a pond stood in a small meadow, surrounded by a dense forest of giant trees. The cabin appeared long abandoned. The pond stretched still and dark, the surface untouched by the gentle breeze in the upper realms of the forest. Little sunlight penetrated and the area remained in shadow. She dismounted but stayed back, watching and waiting, expecting someone to come from the cabin and proclaim, “I am the one you are searching for—the one who will help you.”
Nothing.
Wind sighed through high boughs, punctuated by short periods of chattering and melodic chirping. She moved closer, securing the capora to a rail at the corner of the cabin.
Erynn stood at the open entry. The heavy wooden door lay askew on the leaf-strewn floor of the one-room hut. Dim light filtered through a high, narrow, dirty window in the rear. Shadowy corners, long dead centinents encased in webs, and ages of dust greeted her.
Doubt crept into her mind.
She turned back to gaze out over the pond. The water she first thought black now appeared the deep indigo of the sky before dawn. She walked to the sloping edge and gazed far into the depths of incredibly clear water.
Blues, purples, and deep-greens sparkled into life, exploding into a brilliant shower of light, the colors glistening under the rippling surface. Erynn knelt and smiled. “Well, hello again. I remember—no touching.”
A confident voice behind her asked, “Do you always talk to yourself?”
Erynn stood up and spun around, nearly falling backward into the pond.
A man surrounded by a shimmering white light stood before her, long brown hair clasped at the back of his neck. He wore a dark hooded coat, quilted pants, and boots. “Hello, Erynn,” he said, his voice melodious. “I’ve waited a long time to meet you.” He smiled.
His cheery expression did little to allay her suspicions. “Who are you?” Erynn asked, her voice low. She circled the apparition, moving away from the edge of the water.
“I’m Zander—your father.”
Erynn took a step back, her voice flat. “You’re dead.”
“Yes, I am,” Zander agreed. “And I can only stay with you a short time.”
“How…?” Erynn stared at the vision before her. She surveyed her surroundings with quick glances, always keeping him in view.
He ignored the question and sighed. “There’s much I’d like to tell you, to show you. You’re going to have to learn a great deal on your own, though. You can do this, Erynn. You have abilities that will help Korin and Arranon overcome this invasion in ways you can’t imagine.”
“Me? You should be talking to General Athru.” Erynn dropped her gaze.
“You are far more powerful than Cale.”
Erynn stared up into his glistening eyes and frowned. “No. That’s not true. General Athru accepted his abilities.” She shook her head. “I refused to acknowledge mine. I hid them—ignored them. And now—”
“What you and Damon did was necessary. You shouldn’t blame yourself. But Arranon needs you—needs all the children of mixed heritage. You can’t suppress what you have, the gifts Arranon gave you.”
The water in the pond surged, bubbling as if heated. He watched the rippling action on the pond’s surface. “The Anim Blath feels your power.”
“What are Anim Blath? Are they responsible for the spicy scent and the shrill voices?”
“You’ve heard them then.” He smiled and nodded. “I spent my life studying Arranon and her history,” Zander continued. “Thousands of years ago, Arranon gave all life forms here a choice. They could either live on the cold surface in the light or go underground and live in the warm darkness—”
“Wait.” Erynn’s face twisted with the skepticism she felt. “This sounds like a child’s tale.”
“Yes it does.” Zander nodded. “I believed the same until I found evidence this actually happened.”
Erynn tipped her head, eyes wide. “What kind of evidence?”
“I don’t have time to explain all the wonders I discovered. I’ll leave them for you to uncover on your own.”
Erynn’s voice wavered. “Will that be necessary?”
“Yes. You’ll need this knowledge to fully understand your abilities and help Arranon.”
Her stomach did a little roll. “You shouldn’t depend on me. I can’t…” She held her hands in a questioning gesture. “Why me?”
Zander watched her, his expression sympathetic, but he didn’t answer. “Both realms flourished and lived knowing each existed, but they remained separate. Arranon gave them what they needed to survive and prosper, helping them adapt, to learn about the magical characteristics of their environments—”
“Magical?” Erynn interrupted. “There’s proof of that, too, I suppose?”
“That’s an aspect of what I have to tell you I didn’t think you’d question.” Zander gave her a wide smile. “You’re the proof, Erynn, just as Cale is, and the children you recently met. You’ll understand more in the days to come. My time with you is short, and there are important issues we need to discuss.” No longer smiling, his brown eyes darkened.
Erynn nodded. “I’m listening.”
“The two realms of Arranon lived in peace for hundreds of years until the birth of Dhoran. Born of the light and of the dark, a parent from each realm, he possessed tremendous powers.”
Erynn wanted to ask about this similarity between Korin and Arranon, and the children born of mixed parentage. Instead, she held her questions. Her attention needed to be on what Zander told her.
“Dhoran strove to rule both realms, to force the surface inhabitants into slavery to serve his underworld. He convinced those that dwelled underground, and even some from the surface, to begin a war for domination.” Zander paused, watching her.
“Arranon didn’t like that,” Erynn murmured.
Zander smiled. “You’re perceptive, Erynn.” His smile dropped. “Arranon didn’t like Dhoran starting a war and assisted those rebelling against him by revealing more of her magical secrets. The war waged on for many years with heavy casualties on both sides. Dhoran was eventually driven deep underground, his armies depleted and crushed.”
“He didn’t die, did he?” Erynn asked.
Zander shook his head, his brow furrowed. “I don’t believe his kind of evil can die.”
That icy hand returned, gripping her insides, and she shivered. “That’s who we’re fighting then? Dhoran? Did he bring the invasion on us?”
“No, Erynn. You’re up against an outside force, equally evil. They want to destroy Arranon. You can’t allow that to happen.” He glanced at the pond and then back to her. “The point is, during my exploring I located areas of immense energy. I tapped into Arranon’s strength—her magical power—before you were conceived.” He stepped toward Erynn. “I took this knowledge of Arranon into my very being. Her magic became a part of me. That same strength flows through you.” Zander’s eyes narrowed. “You are more than just a child of mixed heritage. You have a connection with this world no one else can claim. Arranon needs you, Erynn.”
“What? How?” Erynn shook her head, her voice unsteady. “I don’t know what I’m doing—not like you or General Athru. And I don’t even know where he is. Can’t you stay and help?”
“You know more than you think, Erynn.” Zander smiled. “And there’s no better place to start a journey than the beginning. You hear the Anim Blath. You made it to this place. That’s a good foundation.”
“This place?” She glanced around.
The water heaved and rolled. Colors brightened, casting a blue, purple, and green luminosity around her.
Erynn sighed. “But there’s more—important details I don’t understand. Lives are at stake. I’m afraid—what if I fail?”
“You’re powerful, Erynn. You’re my daughter. I’ve placed much hope in you.”
“Don’t say that,” Erynn groaned. “Will you help me?” she pleaded. She wanted to reach out, take hold of him, and make him stay. It would be like trying to carry light in the cup of her hand or hold tight to a wisp of fog.
“I’m not sure what I’ll be able to do. This is new for me, too.” He stiffened and stared at the pond.
“You’ve never…come back before?” Erynn asked, watching him.
“No. I felt a strong pull to return to this place. That’s when I sensed your presence. I wanted to see you, to talk to you. This desire must have given me the strength to…” he glanced down at his shining form, “appear.” He smiled. “You are beautiful—just like your mother.”
Heat rose in Erynn’s cheeks.
“I believe in you, and I trust your instincts.” His voice rang strong and sure. “Never forget Arranon will be there for you. All you have to do is ask, and have faith.” His aura darkened, and his form appeared to shrink. “You must always follow your heart, Erynn.” Zander moved to stand next to the pond. His visage strengthened, but the colors in the pond dimmed, the surface action slowing.
Underneath the soft burbling the rippling water made, Erynn heard musical voices. She glanced from the pond to Zander. The lines around his eyes deepened, his face appearing older. Sorrow and regret etched his pained features.
She opened her awareness, wanting to connect with him, to understand his sadness. Instead she entered intense waves of power. Once again surrounded by the peaceful, warm, bubbling sensation, Erynn floated.
She opened her eyes after what she believed was just a breath of time. Zander watched her, smiling. His expression reminded her of her dad, Damon, and of his loving glances. The pond creatures quiet, their bright colors gone, the forest took on an abandoned, lonely atmosphere. Erynn peered around at shadows. In her trance, huairs had passed, day had surrendered to evening, and the air had chilled.
“I’m sorry. I’ve wasted time you could have been teaching me what I need to know,” Erynn whispered. The white light surrounding Zander had again dimmed, details of his face hard to see.
“This is all part of your learning. There’s nothing more I can do. Take what I’ve told you to Cale. He’ll understand. This information is crucial.” He nodded and murmured, “I did love your mother, Erynn. I love you.” Sadness marked his fading voice. His form disappeared into shadow until nothing remained.
“Wait! Why must Cale—General Athru, know this? Where do I find him? What do I do now? Do I leave or stay?” Zander’s presence gone, her questions hung in the frosty air unanswered.
In the sudden quiet and encompassing darkness, a loneliness she’d never before experienced descended like a veil. She walked back from the edge of the water, built a fire, and set up camp.
Huddled in her coat and gazing into the shadow-cloaked forest, she re-lived her encounter with Zander, her father. The orange glow of the dancing flames reflected off the still, dark pond. High howls broke the silence, and black shapes raced between darker forms of trees. She added wood, the flames growing, and watched the forest. Thoughts of Damon, her dad, and his murder, filled her mind. Her heart ached with his loss and the loss of the father she never knew—a father who had loved her.
There will be a time for grief, just not now. Now I must be strong.



Chapter 18


ERYNN WOKE TO THE SONG of the Anim Blath, a melody with no words winding through the air and inside her mind. Trees took shape out of gray morning light and shrinking shadows. The capora strained his tether, nipping at tall grasses beyond his boundary. The rich scent of soil turned by his hooves touched her nostrils.
She yawned. “I guess you’d like to eat.”
He pivoted and stared at her, ears pricked with eager anticipation.
“That’s a yes.” Erynn sat up, and her blankets fell away. She gazed out over the mist-covered water. Orange and pink light touched the uppermost regions of the forest. A breeze stirred the spicy scent of needle leaves with the musty aroma of the forest floor. Golden sunlight hit the far edge of the fog-shrouded pond, turning the low mist a glowing, silvery-white. The radiance reminded her of an Interceptor, gleaming in the sunshine on the scramble pad. She smiled at the memory.
“What am I doing here? What do I do now?” She stared at the thick mantle floating over the pond. Wispy fingers of fog rose in thin strands to meet the golden light, drifting higher until they joined the sky and disappeared. “There’s something here I’m supposed to find. At least that’s what Zander said.”
She stared into the dark recesses of the dense forest. From the far side of the wide pond, sunlight glinted off small red, yellow, and blue surfaces. She glanced at the capora. “I’ll be right back.” Erynn scrambled out of the tangle of blankets, pulled her coat around her, and set off to investigate.
She slipped between full bushes ringing the water. Feathery leaves brushed gently against her face and hands, and thick mud on the shore tugged at her boots. On the other side, she pushed through low limbs in the area she’d seen the shining colors, finding nothing. About to give up and check elsewhere, the bough she held moved under her weight. There, between the branches ahead, was a stone carving inset with red, blue, yellow, green, orange, and purple gems glittering in the morning light.
She pushed forward to examine the statue. The gray stone carving stood Erynn’s height and over twice her width. Rounded in the front, the surface curved to a flattened back. She reached out to one of the jewels the size of her palm, and found she could depress the sparkling gem. Trying each stone in turn, they all depressed when pushed. She studied the strange symbols etched down the right side of the statue.
Erynn walked around the stone monolith, glancing up and down the height. “What are you doing out here in the middle of nowhere?” She returned to the front where forest shadows now covered the jewels, dimming their brilliance. The darkened gems seemed different, less vibrant—less alive?—with the sunlight no longer shining on them. She pushed at the cool, smooth orbs, but they remained solid and unmoving.
Erynn spent most of the day exploring the forest around the statue. That prickly uneasy sensation of being watched nagged at her. Followed in her quest by constant rustling among the foliage and scrambling through dry leaves, Erynn shrugged off her apprehension. She peered into dark shadows. “Aleuns in the branches, or small animals searching for food under the trees. Small animals? Are there any small animals on Arranon?”
She continued to investigate and found nothing that would help her understand the statue’s purpose. Late in the afternoon, she returned to camp and built a fire. A large tree downed by age stretched into the forest perpendicular to the stone cabin.
She’d set up her camp between the cabin to the right and the forest on the left. Her fire blazed a meter in front of the fallen tree. Erynn’s gaze darted from the stockpile of wood and the rising flames. She nodded, confident the amount would last the night. The log her backrest, Erynn sat staring into the fire as night enveloped the forest. She allowed her attention to settle around Damon. “Dad. He is, was, my dad.” Smoke swirled and eddied around her. The thick, pungent smell burned her nose and caused her eyes to water.
She didn’t want to consider his death—the way he died. She understood enough. Birk, with this Admiral Newell watching, murdered her dad. Sorrow mixed with a burning anger wrapped around her heart. She wondered what her dad’s last thoughts, last feelings, might have been. Possibilities ran through her mind. His fear and anger for Korin and himself probably most prominent, perhaps he had envisioned her face, was worried for her. In her thoughts she heard him whisper one last, “I love you, Erynn.” A coil of grief and pain tightened her chest.
Erynn squeezed her eyes shut. “I love you too, Dad.” She fought back burning tears seeking release and shook her head. “Think. Zander brought me here for a reason. He told me there were discoveries I must make. Maybe this place is where that knowledge begins. Zander said I could help Arranon and Korin.” A breath shuddered in and then out. “Don’t let Damon’s—Dad’s—death have been for nothing. He deserves more.” Her fingers curled into fists. “I’ll do my best, Dad. With faith, hope, and a lot of luck, we’ll beat this.” Her lips turned in a small, sad smile. “I’m a new, different person.” She shook her head. “No, I’m special, like General Athru, Tiar, Sean, and the children. I’m not alone.”
She forced her thoughts to the statue, the symbols, and the jewels. Something familiar about the colorful gems flitted just beyond her consciousness, and she labored to force this understanding to the forefront.
Deep howls and high-pitched yips surrounded her in the dark. Her eyelids snapped open. Movement beyond the firelight caught her attention, and she stared at the edge of the forest.
Several maejen emerged from under low boughs. Yellow eyes reflecting the fire’s glow, they paced, heads down, muzzles sniffing the ground, bushy tails tucked, pricked ears twitching back and forth. Large animals, about half the size of a capora, their long sinewy legs ended in compact, round paws with short toenails. Thick fur shone in the firelight, and they ranged in color from silver and black to nearly all black or pure silver.
The capora snorted from where he stood tethered at the left side of the camp against the fallen log. Erynn rose into a crouch, keeping the fire between her and the maejen. She glanced at the capora. “It’s okay. Easy.” She straightened.
The maejen whimpered and lay down. Heads on front paws, they watched her, glowing eyes dancing in the light of the fire.
This isn’t exactly normal predator behavior, is it? Erynn took a deep breath and nodded in the maejen’s direction.
A large silver-and-black female raised her head and chuffed. From the woods, small ones, maybe a quarter the size of the adults scampered forward, but stayed to the rear of their elders.
Erynn counted nine adults and six young. “Does having the babies here make it easier when I become your meal?”
The maejen ignored her question.
She continued to study the pack. Soon the youngsters took advantage of the lounging adults by jumping playfully on top of them and chewing on their ears. The adults tolerated the little ones and nudged them gently with their noses when they ventured too close to the fire. Erynn watched the maejen until the flames began to diminish. She sidestepped, her movements slow, to the stockpile of wood, keeping her eyes on the pack. The fire grew with the added fuel.
Erynn couldn’t help but laugh at the sight before her. The adults sprawled in the heat from the fire, and the young nestled in beside their parents to sleep.
Birk’s words echoed in her thoughts. “Then there were the animals—the ones that aided your escape both from the ship and in the woods.”
“Is it true? Are the animals helping me?” Erynn took her seat next to the fallen tree, enveloped in warmth from the replenished flames. The capora stood dozing, the maejen forgotten.

***

Erynn woke at dawn, the song from the Anim Blath rousing her, the fire nothing more than smoldering embers. She jerked her attention to where the maejen slept. Gone.
The capora stared at her with wide, attentive eyes, wanting his breakfast. She cared for him, ate some of the provisions Jaer packed for her, and hurried to the other side of the pond.
She waited for the sun’s rays to touch the statue’s face, watching shadows recede until all the jewels glittered in morning light. They clicked into place, cold and smooth under her fingers. She squinted up at the sun’s progress across the small section of sky not covered by the trees and then back to the jewels. They lined up from top to bottom—red, yellow, blue, orange, green, and purple. She’d tried from red to purple, and then from purple to red, but nothing changed. They locked in the first sequence she pushed. She studied the order of the colors. “What am I missing?” The answer danced tantalizingly near.
Erynn returned to camp, tended the fire, and dropped next to the log. “I’m wasting time. What if the statue is nothing? Just some idol built long ago to appease the spirits, or gods of the weather, the animals, or who knows what.”
A rustling pulled her attention to a tree limb above the cabin. The branch dipped and swayed under the weight of something Erynn couldn’t see. A hint of movement, and a blur of motion from the branch to the wooden roof caused her focus to drop. For an instant, an aleun appeared. Feathers matching the green of needle leaves in the branches turned to the silvered brown of the old roof shakes. A scrambling of clawed feet made their way across the roof.
In another flurry of movement, the aleun swooped down, changing from the silvered-brown to the mottled orange and yellow colors of fallen leaves that made up the forest floor.
Erynn made out blurred edges as the aleun bobbed toward her. She reached into her pocket and pulled out what remained of her breakfast. She tore bits of dark bread and white cheese, tossing them to the ground. He darted in, taking the first offerings. His courage increased and he came closer. The mottled coloring vanished to reveal a brilliant crimson aleun. He stood about one-third of a meter tall, his neck long and slender. He rose to his full height and spread wings to a width of half a meter, trilled, and greedily took the food Erynn offered.
“Amazing.” Erynn smiled. “Great trick. Wish I could do that.” Crumbs gone, he bobbed off, returning to the mottled color of the ground cover.
“Thanks for stopping by,” Erynn called. “Come back again. Anytime.”
For the rest of the morning, Erynn explored the forest behind the cabin. She didn’t sense being watched this time. She again found nothing to explain this place or any significance for the statue. She spent the later afternoon gathering wood well into evening before returning to her camp. The weather remained cloudless, windless, and cold.
Erynn sat before the fire and stared into the open sky. A small swatch of clear night dotted with stars remained visible through the forest canopy. “I should be actively fighting the enemy invading my world. No, my worlds—Arranon and Korin are both part of me. Should I return to the others? Are they worried, searching the forest for me? No. Jaer knows…knows—what does he know? I know I’m not accomplishing much staying here. If I don’t find the reason for the statue tomorrow morning, I’ll go back to the outpost.”
The maejen returned after dark, moving into the circle of firelight less timid than the night before, bringing their young with them. A large silver male, she assumed to be the pack leader, walked around the fire, stopping close to her. He chuffed and made a deep rumbling sound in his throat. He sat down, bright glowing eyes directed at her from less than a meter away.
Erynn studied the imposing animal, wary for any threatening posture. “You know what I’m supposed to do, don’t you?”
The big male chuffed again and lay down, continuing to watch her. The fire popped and snapped, bursts of smoke drifting in the still night. Erynn’s gaze remained fixed with the maejen’s. Her lids became heavy under his hypnotic stare, and soon she dozed, dreaming.
Maejen ran through the woods and dense brush. But this wasn’t at all like a dream, or just watching. She ran with them. They traversed the forest with agility and a supernatural precognition that allowed them to move through the tangle of limbs and undergrowth with ease.
Erynn stirred sometime later, night still deep around her. Maejen slept near her and around the fire. She added wood and returned to her spot next to the log after the flames rekindled.
Maejen yawned, showing long white teeth, stretched powerful legs, and closed their eyes.
Erynn wrapped her blankets around her…and dreamed.

***

She woke to the Anim Blath’s song, the maejen gone. Wind howled around the tops of the trees. The high sighing made a lonesome sound. Thin gray mist blew in, followed by dark, thick clouds. The clean scent of approaching rain filled the air, mingling with the musky aroma of the forest. The clouds moved in with rapid purpose and Erynn rushed to the far side of the pond. She made no progress with only a few moments of sunlight to test the jeweled statue. She returned to her small camp, where the crimson aleun awaited her arrival.
Erynn sat under a hastily erected shelter, and he joined her, but not alone. A smaller brownish-red aleun appeared as Erynn began to toss bread and cheese about under the tent. “Hurry up and eat, you two. After this storm blows through, I’m packing up and leaving.” The two stayed until no morsels of food remained, and as the rain started, they blended with the ground colors, leaving the cover of Erynn’s camp. The larger aleun returned to his crimson red, turned to look at Erynn, and bobbed his head twice in her direction before leaving.
“You’re welcome,” she called.
The powerful rain didn’t last long as wind pushed the storm through and away. A vibrant rainbow appeared over the pond. Dark gray clouds behind the gleaming arc and sunshine bursting forth before it, gave the refracted light substance. Erynn marveled at the vivid colors and gasped with recognition. She scrambled out from under the tent and stood up, rain dripping from boughs above her. “Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple—the same colors as the jewels from the statue.” Understanding hit her. She pulled the dagger from her pocket and stared at the ornate hilt. The small jewels aligned like the rainbow. She’d had the answer in her pocket the whole time.
Time seemed to slow for the rest of the day. Anxious to test her theory, Erynn did try once. The attempt failed. She needed to wait until morning to check out her idea.

***

The maejen returned well after dark, taking up their positions around the fire.
“I wondered if you were coming. What are you going to do when I leave?” Erynn asked the group, her smile widening.
They glanced over at her through sleepy eyes as she added wood to the fire and settled into her spot for the evening.
She leaned toward the dozing maejen. “I think I’ve discovered the secret of the statue. The rainbow and the dagger—the colors are the same. Could the answer be that simple? In the morning, I’ll try out my idea.”
The strong kinship forming between her, the animals, and the forest gave her an understanding of her connection with Arranon. Although, how that bond would aid her against the enemy infecting her worlds remained unclear.

***

Erynn woke to the singing of the Anim Blath and the maejen again gone. She hurried to the statue, her stomach knotting, waiting until sunlight bathed each jewel. Before pressing the first, she took a deep breath then began. Red, the gem clicked under her touch. Orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple. Each made a distinctive click and stayed in its depressed position.
The ground trembled beneath her feet, followed by a low rumbling. Grinding stone chased the rumble. The statue before her slid apart and around, separating the line of jewels from the symbols, exposing an opening beneath and a crude ladder disappearing into the dark.
She stared down into the hole. “I’m going to need light.” Jaer had anticipated every possibility and provided lanterns. Erynn ran to her camp and rummaged through her supplies.
The capora stopped his grazing behind the cabin and watched her dig through the packs.
She pulled one of the lanterns free and hurried back around the pond. Her fingers fumbled with the controls in her excitement to explore the underground space.
Erynn lay flat on the cold ground before the opening, the lantern held below the mouth of the passageway. The dagger nudged into her side, and she shifted her weight. Her breath rose in lazy plumes from the dark just centimeters away. Below, an area roughly three meters down and about six meters wide reflected in the lantern’s glow.
She sat up and swung her legs over the rim, feet finding the third rung of the ladder. She turned, holding tight to the rope connecting the ancient wooden rungs, testing their strength. Brittle wooden treads creaked and snapped. She glanced down, preparing to jump if the ladder failed, needing to safeguard her only escape route.
Light glowed from the lamp strapped over her neck and around one arm, bouncing across rough stone walls as she descended. The wood continued to crackle under her weight, but held. The last four rungs broken and rotted, she jumped the final distance.
Erynn landed lightly on her toes in a crouch. A thin layer of fine dirt covered what felt like smooth rock beneath. Erynn straightened and directed the beam to survey her surroundings. In a round chamber with a high ceiling, she walked the periphery, shining the light of the lantern up and down the rough golden-brown stone. An old watermark about one meter up explained why the ladder’s lower rungs had decayed.
Symbols like those on the statue above ran in vertical ranks from ceiling to floor, thirteen distinct lines precisely spaced. They danced in the play of shadow and light as the beam of the lantern passed over them. Erynn moved to the center and turned in a slow circle, studying the symbols and considering their significance.
“Is this what Zander wanted me to find? It must be here for a reason.” Her voice echoed in the chamber. She rotated, studying the carvings from top to bottom and then from bottom to top. The beam of the lantern illuminated the rows of symbols in turn, leaving the line on either side in shadow.
The symbols dimmed, blurring against the stone.
Erynn checked the lantern, but the light was strong and steady.
The floor jerked and spiraled downward with a rumble of grinding stone. The movement knocked Erynn off balance, preventing her from regaining her footing until the motion stopped. Light from the opening above narrowed and disappeared. She ran to the base of the ladder, but the last rung now reached four meters over her head, the opening above resealed. Erynn fought the panic that threatened to overtake her.
“I’ve been in caves before. No glowing creatures to show me the way out this time, though.” She took in a deep breath and held the air a moment, then let it escape between pursed lips. “I can do this.” She nodded and surveyed the periphery again. The symbols, instead of ending three meters above her, continued to the new position of the floor. “That’s significant.” At the far side of the chamber from the ladder, Erynn listened to the faint rush of water. She ran her hands over the wall, searching for anything that might produce an opening.
Nothing. Not good.
She held the lantern high, examining the symbols etched into the stone walls around her. They held no meaning for her. “They do mean something. Calm down. Think rationally. There will be a way out. I only have to find it.”



Chapter 19


TWENTY-THREE DIFFERENT SYMBOLS APPEARED next to corresponding carved pictures. The prevailing one she stood before represented water, a river. Above the sign for river, and at eye level to Erynn, a keyhole reached into the stone. Over the keyway, a pictogram representing the world above dominated. Images depicted trees, the sun, two moons, and various animals.
Her gaze traveled over the wall. The stone wasn’t all one piece. A straight line ran two meters up from of the floor. She peered into the dark above and found another line about a meter long across the section of wall. A less distinct split the same length ran down the other side.
“A door.” Her breath hitched. “This is the way out. But how do I get through without the key?” She glanced around and then at the ground. “The key has to be here.” Erynn scuffed her boots along the dirt-covered floor of the chamber. Lamp held angled downward, she searched the area and found nothing. Panic churned, grating against heightened nerves. She stopped her investigation to compose her wildly mounting fear.
“I will not die here.” A strained laugh rushed out. “There are no skeletons, no rotting corpses of previous prisoners.” She glanced up at the dark ceiling. “There must be a way to open the door.” She leaned against the outlined section and shoved. A solid bulge dug into her ribs. Erynn straightened. “Zander’s dagger. I can use the point to pick at the keyway.” She slipped the dagger from its sheath and to the hilt into the slit with a soft scraping sound.
The blade fit as if made for the spot.
A deep rumbling and grinding began. Erynn tugged the dagger from the slot and stepped back as the stone arced inward. The cascading rush of water on the other side was a deafening roar. She peered through the opening into a cavernous space. Bathed in pale-blue light from above, a thundering waterfall ten meters high crashed down and pooled, creating a river that raced past her, angling to the left and down into inky blackness. The narrow ledge along the rushing water disappeared after a short way, eroded by the constant flow.
She returned the sheathed dagger to the inside pocket of her coat, and lantern held before her, she set off to the right. The shelf widened, ending in a flat, broad bank. Above the surging falls, the blue light issued from a crescent gap. A concave area behind the waterfall revealed carved stones, a staircase leading up to a ledge beneath the opening.
“Well, there’s the way out. But how will I fight the powerful current to reach the surface and not just end up swept away by the river?” She stared at the rush of water, mesmerized by the constant flow and booming roar.
The water swirled in the shallows of the gentle slope where Erynn stood. There appeared only one option, one route to the forest above. She must enter the cove and go through to the stairs.
Erynn shook off her trance and stepped into the churning stream. Icy water soon reached her chest, and she raised the lantern high. The current tugged and pressed at her body, grasped at her legs, the sandy bottom shifting beneath her feet. She struggled forward twenty or more meters, fighting to stay upright, her lungs hitching. The dragging flow eased a bit in the swirling pool tucked behind the waterfall. She crawled out onto the shelf on hands and knees, hewn steps before her. Erynn rested a moment, catching her breath, waiting until her muscles no longer felt like jelly and her body heavy as rock. She clambered upright, dripping onto the rough stone, the crash of falling water ringing in her ears. Cold spray surrounded her, finishing the job of soaking her.
Vibrant colors erupted from the close cavern walls. More than the purple, blue, and green she’d previously witnessed here. There were yellows, reds, oranges, gold, and silver. The colors brought the familiar sweet, spicy scent, cloying in the confined space. The musical voices of the Anim Blath sang through her mind. Their song muted the thunderous roar.
No—not muted.
Erynn turned toward where the cascade once rushed. A soft shower of gently sheeting water from above flowed before her. Her gaze snapped up, expecting to see the crescent opening narrowed, no longer wide enough to allow her passage. Instead, the gap remained unaffected. She frowned, tipping her head, attempting to find an explanation for what she observed. A bubble of water stretched above her, suspended in the air, held in place by… “What?”
Light from the developing day tempted, pulling her attention from the incredible sight. Around her, the colors changed to an insistent deep blue.
Voices urged, “Ormath.” Hurry.
She scrambled up to a narrow landing below the smooth, suspended undersurface of clear blue water. Erynn shivered, remaining in a low crouch on the last step. Sunlight shining through the pristine pond above made her hands appear ghostly and transparent. She reached up, skimming the undersurface of the bubble with trembling fingertips. Where she touched, droplets formed and ran down her fingers, but the membrane of water didn’t burst. “How is this possible?”
High voices instructed her. “Feriem.” Rise.
“Ahfarine. Trust,” Erynn whispered, and took in a shaking, but deep breath. She thrust her hand in, and stood up. Pulled upward, the surface lay several meters above her. Enveloped by a peaceful, sparkling sensation, time ceased to exist while immersed in the liquid warmth. But she wasn’t in the water, nor was she in the air above. Suspended in a layer between the two, she reached out. An invisible barrier held her.
The Anim Blath called, their singing no longer a melody with no meaning. High, sweet voices spoke, and not in the other language.
“Welcome,” one voice sang.
“Where am I?”
“You’ve found the portal of water,” a second voice chimed.
“Portal? To where?” A flutter of unease tickled at her mind.
“Four portals guard the realms of above and below,” a third intoned.
“Below. Where Dhoran lives?” The tickle became a scratch.
“Yes,” the first voice called. “The alien presence on Arranon will wake Dhoran’s evil. You must stop this from happening.”
“I don’t want to go below. I need to go up. I need to find General Athru—to help him fight the invasion.” She twisted, kicked, and tried to reach up.
“Feriem,” Rise, a fourth voice rang.
Erynn rose. Trees cleared into view above her. Sunlight glinted off the crystal water.
“Yes. Find Cale. He knows. Our enemies are many. Listen to the maejen. Learn from the aleun, the wind, the trees. Arranon awaits your requests. Bind the two worlds. They must be one. Unite your brothers and sisters,” the voices chorused.
“Brothers and sisters?” The surface of the pond neared. Erynn tried to stop her ascent by turning away from the sun. She needed answers. “Can you tell me how to free our worlds from the enemy?”
“Ask and believe, have faith,” the first voice whispered.
The barrier dissolved. Cold water rushed in around her, dragging her down. Erynn reached up, pulling her arms back against the fluid resistance, and kicked. She broke the surface, taking in a gulp of air. The pond lay still and silent. She swam to the bank and climbed out, trembling, but not from cold. Erynn stood shivering and dripping, staring at the pond. Early afternoon sunlight dappled where the sentinel forest allowed. “Magic,” she whispered. “No,” she tipped her head, gazing into the water, “more than magic.”
A great intelligence far beyond her understanding communicated an urgent purpose to her. These sentient beings entrusted her to relay their message.

***

Erynn sat by the fire, contemplating the task before her, the need to find General Athru now vital. Both Zander and the Anim Blath beseeched her in this charge. She considered Tiar and Sean, their uncanny abilities, and connection to Arranon. They would help.
Then there was Jaer and Roni. She needed their vast knowledge of this world to help her identify General Athru’s location.
The maejen returned after dark.
“I’m leaving in the morning,” she said, sadness in her voice. I’m going to miss you. Will you be okay?”
The big silver male sat close, touching Erynn. He chuffed, his lips turned in an obvious smile.
Erynn laughed. “I understand. You were fine before I came, and you’ll be fine after I leave.” She reached out and stroked soft, dense fur. He curled his body against hers and closed his eyes. She left her arm around him, fingers tracing powerful muscles, relaxed under her touch.
She slept fitfully when sleep finally came, her dreams filled with dark, faceless enemies.

***

Music from the Anim Blath stirred her from a restless sleep, the maejen gone. The previous afternoon, Erynn had stuffed what was left of her supplies in leather bags. After packing the bundles on her capora, she walked to the pond’s edge to say good-bye.
A deep overcast sky threatened rain, draining the forest of color. The Anim Blath shimmered, their blues, greens, and purples vibrant, the water rippling softly.
Underneath the undulation, their voices sang to her of hope and courage and to the possibility of forces she had no control over playing out as planned, proceeding as determined in a higher strategy.



Chapter 20


ERYNN RETURNED THROUGH DENSE FOG and a steady drizzle.
The small settlement came into view through low swirling mists, weather not slowing the merchants and traders. Caporas walked among the transports, while people remained outside, conducting their business despite the sodden day.
Like before, Erynn slid from her capora, and no one seemed to notice her. She pushed through the door into the main room of their lodgings and found Tiar, Roni, Sean, and Jaer seated at a large round table, empty plates and half filled glasses in front of them. They glanced up at her entrance with obvious surprise.
“What?” Erynn frowned. Her eyes darted a quick circuit of the polished wooden table.
Sean jumped up, hurried over, and hugged her. “Erynn. What happened? You’ve been gone for days. Jaer only told us you had to leave, but where did you go, and why?” His questions tumbled out through a wide smile.
Erynn leaned back, gazing at Sean, his dark hair and green eyes striking in an already handsome face. “I’ll tell you everything later.”
Tiar nodded to Erynn, his stoic manner making him hard to read. “I’ll take care of your capora.”
Roni pushed up from her chair, light-brown hair sliding over her shoulder. “You must be hungry and cold. I’ll get you something warm to eat.”
Jaer stood silent behind Sean.
Erynn gave Sean a quick hug. “I need to talk to Jaer.”
Sean nodded and followed Tiar outside.
Jaer motioned her to the far side of the great room where they could talk undisturbed. A large open fireplace occupied one corner, and a roaring fire burned in the hearth.
Erynn backed up to its warmth. “How did you know?” she asked.
Jaer’s dark eyes studied her. He shrugged. “Leathan thought this might happen. He gave me directions to locations he had taken your father, places significant to Arranon’s history. Because of Zander’s connection to those powers, Leathan presumed—hoped—you might experience what your father had.”
“So it was Leathan. You were acting on what he advised.” Disappointment tinged her voice.
Jaer took her shoulders. Heat flowed from his hands and electricity buzzed through her. He met her gaze. “I am not like you. There was nothing mystical about what I did. I assumed, after what happened in the street, that you would be leaving soon. I was just being prepared.” Jaer brushed a damp strand of hair from her face and pulled his hand away as if the touch burned him. His jaw clenched and he stared into the fire.
Erynn took a step back, her only defense. Her stomach tightened and her head spun with his conflicting responses to her.
Jaer’s eyes narrowed, his voice a low whisper. “Where are we going, Lieutenant?”
Erynn shook her head. “I’ve a difficult task ahead of me. This will be dangerous. I can’t ask—”
“You are not alone,” Jaer interrupted. He straightened, his eyes hard with determination. “I am here for you.”
Erynn nodded and dipped her head. Her brow touched his chest. He had moved in, so close, so quick, without her awareness.
Before she could pull back, his strong arms wrapped around her. “I will always be here for you, Erynn. No matter what.”
I’m Erynn. She relaxed into his hold, resting a hand on each side of his waist. She buried her face into his chest. His heartbeat a steady throb, his long dark hair soft under her cheek. “Thank you, Jaer. I was hoping I could count on you.” She breathed in the scent of him—spicy and powerful. Erynn opened her awareness. She couldn’t help her reaction to Jaer and wanted to sense something from him, even if his emotions originated from duty and friendship, but she felt nothing.
“Tell me what you need me to do.” His soft lips brushed her ear.
His warm breath played over her skin and sent tiny electric pulses racing to her heart. “Can you get us on a ship? I believe I know where to find General Athru.”
Jaer tightened his hold on her, the line separating them blurring. Nothing existed but this moment. She merged into his energy.
In a sudden ripping division, Jaer stiffened with a sharp intake of breath, dropped his arms, and stepped back. “Yes, Lieutenant, I can. I promised you this.” Once again in control, he pulled away from her.
Erynn grimaced at the ache sealing in around her heart, his warmth replaced with cold rejection.
Roni walked up with a steaming bowl and hesitated, obviously recognizing the tension pulsing in the air.
Jaer glanced from Erynn to Roni, his expression brooding. He turned away and called over his shoulder, “Eat. Then get some rest. We have plans to make.”
Roni sat with Erynn while she ate, the table empty except for the two of them. Erynn managed a few bites before dropping the spoon into the bowl and shoving the meal away.
“You should get some rest.” Roni pushed her chair back and picked up the bowl. “Do you want me to stay with you?”
“No, thanks.” Erynn offered Roni a weak smile. “I’m fine. Just tired.”
Cold, hard ground didn’t make for restful nights. Erynn dragged her aching body to her room, took a long hot shower, and climbed under warm covers. Dreams of maejen and a mountain of rocky crags covered in thick ice dominated her sleep.

***

Hunger woke Erynn. She dressed and hurried to the main room, sitting next to the large fire with a bowl of hot vegetable soup. Rain trailed down the window and blurred the view outside. People walked by, their forms distorted through the glass.
Tiar came from outside and joined Erynn. “I’ve made arrangements to get us to Imoir. From there, we can get a flight to…?” He tipped his head and raised his eyebrows, long dark hair cascading over his arm.
She avoided his direct gaze. “When we’re all together, I’ll tell you where.”
Tiar took a deep breath and nodded. “I hope we can get there without having to go to a larger port than Imoir offers.” He glanced past Erynn.
Jaer stepped up, his hair and face moist from the constant mist. “I have the credentials we will need to purchase vouchers.”
“You were able to get documents for us?” Erynn dropped the spoon into her bowl with a splashing clatter. Her skin cooled, the color draining from her face. “Our names must be on every database in the system. They’ll know where we are.”
Jaer stared down at her, a smile touching his lips. “Lieutenant, give me a little credit. There are ways to acquire proper, if not legal, credentials.”
“Illegal documents? Sir, how…?” She stopped. What did it matter if they traveled with forged documents? Circumstances made this transgression necessary. Besides, she wasn’t so sure she wanted to know about this side of her companions.

***

They gathered around the warm fire in the deserted great room later that evening. Gentle rain tapped against the windows, and the wind sighed through the eaves.
Roni sat on the floor between chairs. Her light-green eyes sparkled in the firelight. “We received a good price for the caporas and the gear.”
“Lucky for us, they’re still worth something out here.” Sean grinned and nodded from his seat on a long bench.
“There are more than enough krigunds to finance our passage. We can go to any city we choose.” Tiar spoke just above the pop of the fire. “The ease of our journey will depend on how many enemy troops now occupy Arranon and how seriously those troops are still searching for us. I’m hopeful we can reach our destination from Imoir without needing a larger port and numerous flights. I don’t want to gain the unwanted focus of our pursuers.” He turned his attention to Erynn and waited.
Erynn shifted in her seat. Faces backlit from the glow of the fire stared at her. “Tell me about Arranon.” Before any of them could question her, she continued. “There’s a place with high rocky crags and glaciers.” Erynn stared at the flames dancing inside the hearth. “A flat open plain with tall grain waving in the wind stretches below the mountains, and a city is visible in the distance.”
She continued to gaze into the fire, reading something in the flickering flames no one else did. For three nights, the maejen took her in dreams to mountain peaks covered in snow and enduring ice.
Roni spoke, “Sounds like the Maithlam mountain range beyond Tamaagra.”
Erynn nodded. “Can you tell me more?” she asked in a whisper.
“There are stories about the Maithlam.” Roni smiled. “No one goes there.”
“Why?” Erynn tilted her head.
Roni leaned forward. “They’re haunted. Fierce beasts dwell inside the dark caves and tunnels deep inside the mountain.” She laughed.
Erynn stood up and gazed out the rain-streaked window into the dark. “I’m sorry I can’t give you a more precise location. I know we’re taking a great risk by trying this, but we need to go there.” Erynn turned back to the group.
Jaer walked to the fire. “I promised to take you where you wanted to go. I stand by that promise.” He looked at Tiar.
Tiar gave Erynn a small smile. “Tamaagra.”
Roni nodded to Erynn. “I’m ready.”
“I’m with you all the way,” Sean said, moving next to Erynn.



Chapter 21


ERYNN AND RONI PACKED THEIR few belongings and left the room to meet with the others in the dining area. Erynn didn’t feel much like eating. The noisy talk and laughter from the morning patrons should have soothed her. It didn’t. And leaving the shelter of this place, endangering her friends, made her question her judgment. No. Safety is an illusion, and temporary. Time to act—to fight. This enemy isn’t going away.
After breakfast, she helped Sean and Roni pack a transport. They left the tiny settlement, Jaer driving and Tiar navigating. Erynn turned in the rear seat and watched the town recede. Her stomach jumped and rolled, thankful now that she hadn’t eaten much.
Zander’s words returned, echoing through her mind. “Trust.”
“Maybe it’s me I’m supposed to trust,” Erynn whispered. She took a deep breath, faced forward, and didn’t look back again.

***

The small spaceport at Imoir bustled with activity. The invasion of Korin and Arranon had people moving. Industrial gray walls and floor tiles gave the interior a depressing quality. The lack of ambiance didn’t help her already glum mood. Erynn kept the hood of her coat low over her face, watching for enemy soldiers.
Jaer moved up to walk next to her. “Tiar wants us to wait here until he returns.” He guided Erynn in the direction he indicated as he spoke. Hard black chairs bolted to the floor lined wide windows in a short hall. “He has gone to see what flights are available and when they leave.”
Tiar returned, and what his dour expression revealed in his normally stoic expression was far from heartening. “It’ll be necessary to pass through a checkpoint of troopers.” He paused and glanced around at the busy spaceport before turning his attention to Erynn. “We’ll have to go to Arranoth, the capitol of Arranon, before we proceed to Tamaagra. All flights are being routed through the main spaceport there.”
Erynn nodded. “Then let’s do this.” Her heart increased an already rapid pace.
“I have vouchers for us on the next flight. We’ll begin boarding shortly.”
They moved out of the hall and through the open port to the checkpoint. Erynn removed her hood, knowing concealment would cause more interest by the troopers than a straightforward approach.
Roni and Sean led, followed by Erynn, Tiar, and Jaer. Erynn bit her lip as they neared the three guards checking people through a makeshift inspection station.
Jaer pushed up front.
Erynn’s hands curled into fists, bouncing against her thighs. Stop.
The guard took Jaer’s credentials and glanced back to the four standing behind the large man. “Where are you going?” His mechanical voice reverberated under the armor of his helmet.
Jaer answered, a touch of veneration in his tone, “We are returning to Arranoth after an extended vacation, sir.”
“Why would anyone want to come here?” Sarcasm filled the soldier’s tone.
His fellow troopers chuckled, the sound of their laughter eerie, and metallic.
Tiar pushed by Erynn, thrusting his credentials at the guard. “We have family here, sir.” His voice, too, had a humble timbre.
The guard watched them for a long moment, silent. “Bring the IDs of the three Admiral Newell is searching for. Let’s check them out.”
Erynn’s breath caught, frozen in her chest. Their trip was about to end. She recalled her mountain camp, and part of her wished she’d stayed hidden away, safe in the forest. Her reflections took her to the maejen, and the aleun. If only she could camouflage herself the way the crimson aleun did. She stared at the troopers in their gray-green body armor, gathering the information that would put a stop to their flight to Tamaagra and finding General Athru. They were about to be discovered if she didn’t try something.
Zander’s words echoed through her mind. “Arranon will be there for you, Erynn. Just ask and believe.”
Erynn reached up and took Sean’s hand, pulling him forward to stand with Tiar. She took Tiar’s hand and concentrated on the aleun who could change his appearance, willing some form of transformation.
A tingling sensation shivered through her, and a low pop sounded in her ears. A subtle vibration coursed from her into Sean and Tiar. Both men gasped quietly and squeezed her hands. She stared at them but no changes appeared. Not to her anyway. She couldn’t tell if this worked or if her attempt was foolishness.
Jaer glanced back. His eyes flashed with surprise, telling her all she needed to know. He smiled briefly and nodded to her before returning his attention to the trooper examining their credentials.
Time slowed. Apprehension at her irrational act grew, but she remained focused and firm.
The guard stood a moment, studying the identification disks and their ragged group. “Their credentials check out. Let them go or they’ll miss their flight.”
Jaer stepped through, leading the way, and they hurried to the docking bay. The ship stood ready, engines warming with a low rumble.
Once well past the guards, Erynn released Sean and Tiar. The tingling stopped, followed by a pop. Erynn glanced at Sean, then Tiar. “I wasn’t sure that would work.” Her lungs drew in a deep breath, and she sighed.
Tiar brushed his palm down his thigh. “That, whatever it is,” he whispered, “just saved us.”
“What is it, Erynn? How did you…? Sean frowned and shook off the tingling sensation, wiggling his fingers.
Erynn glanced at Jaer. “I keep hearing I can learn from the life around me. It appears to be true.”
Jaer reached out and took Erynn’s arm, pulling her next to him.
After they boarded the ship, Erynn remembered to breathe. No one spoke for fear of breaking the spell, having the guards pursue the fugitives, and haul them forcibly off the ship.
Jaer guided Erynn into the second row of open seats. “Buckle in,” he murmured. Tiar sat in front of Erynn, with Jaer behind her.
Protecting me again. The thought unsettled her. Sean took the seat next to Erynn. He buckled in and stared straight ahead. The doors slid shut and locked in place with a loud hiss. The engine’s soft roar thrummed under the chatter of other passengers and the smooth floor vibrated beneath her feet.
Sean gazed at Erynn and took her hand in his with a secure hold. “You’ve been busy,” he told her with more than a little awe.
His strong grip stilled her shaking. “You’ll never know.” Erynn smiled and tightened her fingers around his.



Chapter 22


THEIR FLIGHT REACHED ARRANOTH, THE capital, and Erynn smiled, unable to contain her relief. They stood in the arrival section of the large hectic spaceport. No troops patrolled in this sector. Tiar and Sean hurried to find information on flights out of Arranoth, their next stop, Tamaagra.
Jaer watched the mass of people around him and frowned. He kept Erynn close, tensing whenever a group of travelers came too near.
Sean returned without Tiar. “We need to hurry. A flight’s boarding to leave for Tamaagra, and Tiar is securing vouchers.”
“It’s that simple? We can leave? Now?” Erynn almost laughed.
“There will be another checkpoint, but Tiar doesn’t feel the guards will be a problem. Remember, they’re still searching for us around Glaskra.” Sean’s answer made sense. He gestured to the far end of the station, and they hurried away.
Erynn frowned, stopped, and turned to face the open, crowded spaceport. She rotated in a slow circle, a warning of danger she couldn’t ignore slamming her. The sensation of evil crashed over her like a crushing wave.
Jaer made eye contact with Erynn and stiffened. He reached her side in a heartbeat, glancing back at Roni. “Go find Tiar.”
Roni left their packs and ran.
Sean joined Erynn and Jaer and they scanned the bustling port.
“What’s wrong, Erynn?” Sean asked. “I don’t sense anything.”
Erynn raised her arm with slow deliberation and pointed. “There.”
A broad, powerful man in a tailored gray uniform strode through the crowd ahead of two soldiers in gray-green battle armor. His cool-brown eyes swept back and forth, searching the throng of people.
“He’s looking for me.” Erynn focused on his approach, the reason for her unease. Their eyes met and he smiled.
She tensed, and training kicked in. Erynn shifted into battle mode, ready to react. She glanced at Jaer and then Sean. They also watched the three men approach.
The large man gestured with both hands, pointing to either side of Erynn. The two with him drew their weapons, one aiming at Jaer, the other at Sean. People around them screamed and ran. The three continued forward through the chaos.
Erynn sensed the man’s purpose. Unlike Birk, this one had…something—a deep-seated determination and a high expectation of his ability, not just murderous cruelty.
He stopped in front of her, still smiling. “Erynn Yager. You’ve come much farther than we expected.” His gaze moved from Jaer to Sean. “If you’ll come with me without a fight, I’ll leave your friends alive.”
Jaer rumbled, “She’s not going with you.” The power coming from him, from the conviction in his voice, rolled over her.
Erynn stared into the soulless eyes of this man and straightened. “Like he said, I’m not going with you.” She would make a stand here. They would make a stand here.
He cocked his head and held eye contact. “You don’t exactly have a choice.”
Erynn sensed his confusion. Her assertive response puzzled him, coming from one so young—and a female.
Reinforcements from the far end of the port tried to gain access through the screaming, fleeing crowd. Their forceful, noisy advance caused a rush of frightened people to swarm back around Erynn, Jaer, and Sean. “I will not go with you.” Silence fell like a blanket and she saw nothing but the man before her.

***

Jaer took advantage of the confusion. He struck, knocking the weapon from the soldier’s hands, sending short laser bursts up and over their heads. The staser skittered across the polished white tiles under the feet of the panicking throng. Jaer smiled at the unarmed man with satisfaction and glanced to his left as Sean spun and kicked out at the man before him.
The alien soldier fell with a crash, body armor clattering against the floor. Sean reached down and yanked at the weapon the man held.
Jaer’s attention snapped back to the soldier rushing him. Jaer grabbed him by the throat with one powerful hand and punched the palm of his other hand up and into the helmet under the eye guards. The soldier’s body quivered, extremities hanging limp. Jaer dropped the dead man on the clean white floor.
Sean won the tug-of-war over the weapon and tossed the staser aside. He reached down, grabbed the front of the man’s armor, jerked him up, and pushed the helmet over his head.
Jaer stepped behind the man, wrapping his arm under the body armor and around the soldier’s neck. Jaer tightened his hold and forced the man’s head to the side with his free hand in an audible pop.
Jaer released the soldier’s lifeless body, glanced at Sean, and shrugged. “We are running out of time.” He turned away and searched the panicking crowd for Erynn.
With the realization of their imminent death, Jaer wished he’d told Erynn he cared for her, wanted to get to know her. Perhaps become more than allies.
Instead, he continued pulling away, ripping the fragile hope she might have feelings for him from his heart. He understood his hesitant behavior puzzled her. Daheln, he cursed inwardly, his inconsistency toward her even confused him. He’d held his emotions at bay for so long, he was unsure of how to break this old, comfortable, but unsatisfying practice.

***

Out of the corner of Erynn’s eye, Sean approached. The alien officer must have noticed Sean’s advance also. He pulled his weapon, swung his arm in a wide arc, and fired.
Sean dropped.
Erynn screamed, and anger exploded inside her like a bomb detonating. A raging wind filled the station. Gusts pushed at the enemy scrambling in front of her. He fought to stay upright while Erynn stood unaffected. Abandoned bags and packs flew at the man with vicious accuracy. The lights above them, once bright and garish, began to flicker and pop.
Knocked to his knees, the enemy officer flailed at the pummeling bags, unable to regain his footing.
Lights blinked off and on.
Tiar and Roni pushed forward against the gale in the macabre strobe flash.
Erynn concentrated on the wind, focusing her power. The man could no longer resist the force she drove at him. He rolled and tumbled against a far wall, where he lay motionless. She took a deep breath and held the air in her lungs. The wind stopped. Lights flickered, dimmed, and continued to explode. They popped out, starting at the far end of the terminal, working their way to where she stood.
Tiar ran up, pulling Erynn into action. “We need to go. Troopers are on their way.”
Roni rushed past Erynn.
Too slow, I was too slow. Sean…Sean is dead. He’s dead. I was too slow. The words repeated through Erynn’s mind. She forced herself to glance over to Jaer, expecting to see Sean on the cold white floor, the strobe effect creating a grizzly sight. But Sean stood, blood stretching across his chest, leaning on Jaer, injured but alive. Tiar ran over, took Sean’s other arm, and they rushed away.
Erynn followed. “Where are we going?”
“There’s a ship outside. We’re taking it,” Tiar shot back over his shoulder.
They burst through the outer doors, across the landing pad, and up the ramp into the ship. The building behind them darkened with one last bang. Tiar and Erynn ran to the pilots’ seats and strapped in. Jaer retracted the ramp and slid the door closed. Roni helped Sean to a seat and strapped him in.
Erynn turned to Tiar. “Do you know how to fly this thing?”
Tiar started the engines. “I hope so.”
Staser fire bounced off the hull of the ship. “Then get us out of here.” Erynn faced forward, tightening her harness.
Tiar got the ship in the air.
That accomplished, Erynn took over piloting.
Tiar turned his attention to the navigational computer, searching for the coordinates to Tamaagra.
Erynn sped through several direction changes, right, left, then right again. She flew, low and fast, just the way she liked it, keeping the ship below the scanners. Tiar entered the coordinates, and the computer advised only a slight change in course.
His gaze snapped to Erynn, and he tipped his head quizzically.
Erynn understood before he opened his mouth what he would ask. “I was only trying to make it harder for them to chart our course and follow us. I don’t think I knew which way to go.” She glanced back. “If you’ve got this, I’d like to check on Sean.”
Tiar nodded and turned his attention on piloting.
Roni had found a medical kit and was dressing Sean’s wound, his injury not life threatening.
Jaer stood watching Roni tend to Sean. He glanced at Erynn and reached out, pulling her against him. He gripped her hand and smiled. His soft dark eyes beckoned her to let go, pleading for her to take a chance. Once again, his expression puzzled her. He squeezed her fingers, brushing his thumb over the back of her hand and continued to hold her, but his focus drifted back to Sean.
Heat rose into Erynn’s face.
Sean winced as Roni applied a thin bandage. “I’m all right. The wound is nothing.” He grimaced. “The shot only grazed me.” Sean shook his head. “Stupid. I didn’t turn away in time.”
Erynn touched Sean’s arm. “Are you sure?”
“I’m sure, Erynn.” Roni helped Sean slip on his thick quilted shirt.
Erynn nodded and glanced about the small cabin of the ship. Not for the first time, she asked herself if what she’d done was right. She’d brought them all this way when she wasn’t sure where to find General Athru, putting them in further danger.
The words of her father came back to her, clear and strong. “Trust Arranon. Trust your heart, Erynn.” Zander repeated this imperative to her more than once in their only meeting.
Her heart told her she must go to the mountains beyond Tamaagra.



Chapter 23


CONSCIOUSNESS RETURNED. CAPTAIN FAYLEN WIPED at thickening blood over his eye, his head throbbing after slamming the wall, his impetus driven by a supernatural wind.
Wind Erynn Yager created and controlled.
Birk’s ranting appeared true. The girl did possess extraordinary powers.

***

Admiral Newell left the comforts of Korin, making his appearance at the spaceport in Arranoth after the area was secured and the power restored. He glared around at the disastrous results while striding toward Faylen. “What happened, Captain?” A deep, confident voice issued from this short, unimposing man.
Faylen stiffened, and stood to attention, pain wrapping his head in a tight grasp. “Erynn Yager, Admiral Newell. Major Birk told the truth about her abilities.”
Newell’s piercing gray eyes glared at Faylen. He nodded and smiled. “I want her, Captain.” He surveyed the wreckage, and his smile widened. “You’ll get her for me.” Newell didn’t wait for a response. “If we could control her, command her power…” He spun to face Faylen. “What do you need?”
Faylen’s eyes narrowed, the pain crashing inside his skull forgotten. Newell gave him a second chance. This decision made sense. He had experienced her abilities, making him the logical choice for this mission. “Very little, Admiral. Ten men trained for survival and the gear we’ll need.”
“Good. I’ll see you have the best.” Newell stepped back and stared at Faylen. “Don’t fail me again, Captain. You’re being given a rare opportunity, a second chance.” He smiled. “Bring her to me, and when I am done with her, you can have her.”
“I will bring you Erynn Yager, Admiral.”



Chapter 24


JAW SET, ERYNN STORMED OUT of the dilapidated barn’s tall, wide, access doors. They squeaked on rusty hinges before slamming against the loose battered boards of the exterior wall. Jaer mumbled ahead of her, his long strides causing her to run to catch him. Cold morning air and the washed-out gray sky leeched vibrancy from the surroundings. Weathered wood silvered by years of pelting rain, driving snow, and strong winds added to the lack of color.
“Sir,” Erynn called. “I only said we should talk about who should go to Tamaagra.”
Jaer stopped and spun.
Erynn ran into him, bouncing back. She held her arms out to keep from falling. Once steady, she stepped forward. “Can we talk about this?”
Jaer leaned over, his face centimeters from hers, his gaze penetrating.
Erynn held her ground. She stared into his eyes, those dark enigmatic eyes, matching his uncompromising attitude.
“Lieutenant Yager, you will stay here.” Jaer’s tone remained adamant. “My first consideration is your safety.”
“What about your safety, and Roni’s?” Erynn argued. “If I go with you, I can help. Even if you are Anbas, you might need me. You saw what happened at the station in Imoir.”
“I am considering what happened in Arranoth. You will stay here,” Jaer growled, his jaw tight. He shook his head, made a low rumble in his throat, and turned, striding off before Erynn could argue further over his decision.
This time she didn’t follow. She watched him a moment, then climbed the hill in the opposite direction behind the abandoned farm. Rolling fields of ripe grain, their vibrant colors of yellow and gold waited for the sun’s touch. Erynn reached to a stray bunch of grain along the path and pulled out a slender stalk, twisting it in her fingers. In the distance, the city of Tamaagra shimmered across the valley floor in the half-light of pre-dawn.
She closed her eyes, remembering the forest, the pond, and the spectral form of Zander. He’d told her Arranon would help her. She considered that an odd statement, unbelievable and impractical. Then strange occurrences began, aiding them. She still had much to learn about her abilities, her connection to Arranon, and how they might help defeat the alien force taking over her worlds. But she could help Jaer and Roni in Tamaagra. She knew she could.
A breeze touched her face and tousled her hair. The sun rose, cresting the low hills beyond the city, giving breath to the day. She squinted against the orange-red brilliance, color brightening the scene around her.
In their haste to escape the spaceport at Arranoth, they left all their belongings scattered about the station floor, along with a few dead enemy soldiers. Now, well outside Tamaagra’s boundaries, they’d landed at this abandoned farm. The large barn, once used to store grain, accommodated the ship, and hid their presence. But they needed supplies before they could start their trek into the mountains where Erynn believed—hoped—they would find General Athru.
Her mind made up, Erynn tossed the shredded stem away and started down the path to the barn. Someone would listen to reason. Jaer and Roni shouldn’t go to Tamaagra alone. Now alert to their presence, enemy troops watched for all of them after their conspicuous and dramatic departure from the spaceport at Arranoth.
Erynn moved from the bright early-morning sunshine outside the barn to the cold, dark interior. Tiar and Sean had searched the ship for supplies. Packaged food, medical kits, some foul weather gear, and weapons lay on the dusty floor.
“There’s not much here—enough food for maybe one day. Plenty of weapons, though.” Sean stood, arms loose at his sides, surveying the find.
Erynn stared at the gathered supplies. “I should go with Jaer and Roni to Tamaagra.”
“No, Erynn. I agree with Jaer. You need to stay here, out of sight.” Sean’s voice echoed in the expanse of the barn. His expression pleaded with her not to do anything foolish.
“Jaer and Roni will be better able to slip into the city and out again alone,” Tiar said in an even voice. His long dark hair caught a shaft of sunlight coming through one of the high, narrow windows. Tiar moved to stand in front of her. “We don’t need the attention your presence will generate, Erynn.”
Erynn glared first at Sean and then at Tiar. The similarities between them were evident when they stood together—their deep-green eyes and high cheekbones. “But I could help—”
“Jaer and Roni are Anbas,” Tiar said, cutting her off. “They don’t need help.” He walked back to the ship, moving up the ramp, and out of sight.
“Why does everyone keep saying that? Being Anbas wouldn’t have helped get us through the checkpoint and aboard the shuttle from Imoir to Arranoth,” Erynn snapped.
“Don’t be so sure,” Sean said, and he turned away to enter the ship.
Erynn took a deep breath and raked unruly curls from her face. Everything she understood and relied on in her life had changed. She feared losing any more. But Jaer’s intelligence and power made him an extraordinary man. She’d witnessed firsthand his capabilities in the station on Arranoth. He and Roni would go to Tamaagra, without her assistance, if that’s what he wanted.
Jaer strode into the barn, his face set, eyes dark, Roni behind him.
Erynn stopped her organization of their supplies, stood up, and smiled.
Roni smiled back, her face framed by brown hair, her green eyes shining with anticipation.
Jaer avoided Erynn’s gaze. “There will be no more discussion. The matter is closed, Lieutenant.” Jaer crossed his arms, still not looking at her.
She walked up to stand in front of him. “Do you have what you need, sir?” Erynn asked, watching his face.
Jaer gazed at her, dropping his arms to his sides, his features softening. “You told me you trusted me. Do you remember?”
Erynn nodded.
“Nothing has changed. I need you to continue trusting me so I can do what I do best.”
“This has nothing to do with trust. I only want to help. This is going to be dangerous. I only believed my insight might help keep you and Roni safe.”
Jaer stepped closer to Erynn, his voice low. “I understand, but this is what Roni and I are trained for.” His eyes locked on hers and he reached out, started to touch her, but drew his hand back, his expression guarded. “I appreciate your concern for our safety. We will be fine.” Jaer turned and nodded to Roni. They walked through the open barn door and disappeared around the corner.
Will I ever see them again?



Chapter 25


JAER AND RONI WALKED A deserted road, his thoughts centered on the task before them. Erynn’s warning of danger played over in his mind. He trusted her insight but they needed warm clothing and provisions to continue. They must find Cale, and Jaer believed Erynn knew where to find him. Then their more difficult responsibility started—overcoming the alien enemy.
They approached a suburb of well-kept homes, quiet in the early morning stillness. The pleasant neighborhood’s streets stretched out, lined with tall trees, thick green leaves rustling in a mild breeze. A kiosk on the corner directed them to an air platform, where they could access transportation to the city.
After purchasing vouchers, Jaer and Roni waited under the tinted glass cover of the platform behind six other passengers—four men and two women. The regular commuters seemed uninterested in them, instead focused on hand held computers. Their wait brief, a transport, preceded by a low hum and a soft whoosh, glided next to the platform and stopped. The long vehicle bounced, rising and falling over the cushion of air on which it traveled. The doors slid open, people in front of them rushed on, claiming seats. Jaer moved forward, scanning up and then down the length of the empty platform. Roni entered first and walked to the rear, locating two empty seats. Jaer sat next to her and glanced around.
In the cabin, people either dozed or watched the monitors positioned to the front and sides of the air transport’s interior. Most of the news centered on the alien presence in their world’s government and military powers. Jaer kept his head down but watched the display streaming across the multiple screens.
“They appear to be local transmissions,” Roni said in a hushed tone.
“The enemy has control of the media,” Jaer said in a low voice. He turned to gaze at Roni. “Restriction of the news would be high on the enemy’s priority before allowing the stations to return to their broadcasting.”
Roni’s brow furrowed and she nodded, looking away from the screens to vacant lots interspersed with housing tracts passing by the clear window.
The streaming DVSL around them changed, showing the interior of the spaceport on Arranoth. First Erynn’s face flashed on, followed by Tiar, Sean, Roni, and himself. Jaer watched the screen and listened to the voice of a male reporter’s account.
“Lieutenant Erynn Yager, Commanding General Damon Yager’s daughter, is wanted for questioning in the attempted assassination of General Cale Athru. In a failed effort only days ago, Lieutenant Yager, along with her four companions, plotted to kill General Athru during his recent visit to Korin to gain recognition for his popular cause of an intensified alliance between our worlds. General Athru, aided by one of Admiral Newell’s top officers, Captain Faylen, were unsuccessful in an attempt to detain Lieutenant Yager at the spaceport at Arranoth. Anyone with knowledge of the whereabouts of Yager or her companions should report to the local authorities.”
Jaer bared his teeth, gripping the empty seat back in front of him, blue padded metal bending under his powerful hold.
“None of the report is true,” Roni whispered, ducking her face.
Jaer raised his head and scanned the immediate area. “Newell is not brainless. He hopes to have the entire populace of Arranon searching for us. He is using the resources at hand, and he is attempting to pit Korin and Arranon against each other again. We are no threat if divided and quarrelling among ourselves.”
“The reports won’t be believed,” Roni stated in a harsh whisper.
“Some may believe,” Jaer said. “There will be those that need to believe, to avoid the unpleasant truth.”
Roni nodded, then sighed.
Lights blinked on in the cabin of the transport. Outside, dark enveloped them as they moved into a tunnel. Jaer sensed eyes on him but was unable to locate anyone concerned about him or Roni.
“We should get off at the next stop.” Jaer loosened his grasp on the seat back. Roni took a deep breath. She prepared, as he did, for what lay ahead.
The transport stopped at an underground platform where artificial light flooded the area. People hurried to get off and on the air coach from the crowded platform. Jaer and Roni followed several commuters out of the cabin and into the station. Monitors throughout displayed information cycling around to report the lead story of Erynn, wanted in connection with the attempt on Cale’s life. Jaer and Roni remained unnoticed, for now, but that would soon end.
A woman stood staring at a monitor showing children playing in a park.
Jaer’s jaw tightened. More of Newell’s propaganda. The woman’s briefcase, covered by a pale-blue jacket, stood behind her. Jaer motioned to Roni, walked behind the woman, and reached down, grabbing the coat. He handed it to Roni, and she slipped into the jacket as they rushed up the stairs leading away from the platform.
Outside, tall buildings of clear glass, chiseled stone, and heavy steel beams surrounded them. Transports dashed by in both directions on the busy street, the sun shining out of a clear blue sky.
Jaer felt vulnerable and out of his element, noticeable among the crowd. Few of the citizens of Tamaagra wore their hair in the time-honored style as he did. His size also gained unwanted attention. He was a powerful man, and the black Anbas uniform accentuated his presence. People on the walkway glanced in his direction, eyes widening, sidestepping his approach.
“We need transportation,” Roni said. “We’re starting to get noticed. It’ll only be a matter of time before we’re recognized.”
“Tell me about it,” Jaer grumbled.
They passed a restaurant with seating outside along the walkway. Roni moved over to a vacant table and pulled out a chair. “Stay here. I’ll see what I can find. Relax. Order something.” She smiled. “You give the impression you’re about to grab and eat a small child.”
Jaer chuffed and sneered at Roni. “Funny,” he said but smiled at her before she walked away.
Jaer touched a small screen at the center of the table. A menu appeared, and he indicated his choices. The screen blinked and darkened. A server emerged from inside the restaurant and set a plate of food and a large pitcher down in front of Jaer. He disappeared back inside without a second glance.
A mother, her arms loaded with packages, guided two children over and sat down at the table next to his. She dropped her purchases on the empty chair between her and one of the children. The mother and the eldest child, a girl, watched the DVSL at the front of the restaurant. Jaer averted his face when his picture appeared on the screen. The youngest child, a boy, stared, obviously taken by Jaer’s unusual appearance.
“Great,” Jaer mumbled, locking eyes with the young boy.
Roni walked up and sat down across from Jaer, between him and the staring child. She picked up a fork and helped herself to the food on his plate.
Jaer poured her a glass from the pitcher.
“Isn’t it a little early for that?” she asked around a mouthful while indicating the glass with a nod.
“You told me to relax,” Jaer said, glancing up and down the street, surveying people passing by.
“Don’t get too relaxed,” she said, swallowing. “I need you to be alert.”
“It would take more than this,” he said, raising the tall glassful and grinning at her. Jaer ordered another plate of food, and it arrived as quickly as the first.
Roni dug into her food. “So, you like Erynn?”
Jaer dropped his fork and glared at her.
“What? You aren’t allowed to have feelings for her?” Roni swallowed and asked, not backing down from Jaer’s menacing gaze.
He turned his attention back to the passing pedestrians.
“She likes you too, you know.”
Jaer pushed his plate away. “Now is not the time,” he said, not looking at Roni. “I have a job to do.”
“This may be the only time,” Roni whispered.
He sensed her stare, searching his face for a reaction. “Were you able to get a transport?” Jaer asked, changing the subject.
Roni nodded. “Okay, you don’t want to talk about her or your feelings. And yes, I have a transport. It’s parked just down the street.” She indicated the way with another nod of her head while laying down a thin metal prong.
Jaer glanced at her. “That was fast.” He deposited what they owed into a slot next to the monitor. “Let’s go.”
Roni took one last bite and rushed to catch Jaer as he hurried away.



Chapter 26


CAPTAIN FAYLEN ENTERED WHAT WAS once the home of Damon Yager, the pleasing space quiet and cool. Admiral Newell made this his temporary residence when necessity kept him on planet. Faylen smiled. Commanding General Yager certainly didn’t need these quarters any more. He stepped toward the small office off the foyer. Sentries parted, allowing him to enter.
Newell sat behind a solid wooden desk in front of a wall length case filled with disks in clear cases. Faylen removed his blocked cap from his shaved head and took a seat, the chair deeply padded, the material soft.
“When are you leaving, Captain?” Newell sat back and his chair creaked.
“After you’re briefed, sir. There’s a ship waiting.”
“Good. The sooner we can persuade Erynn Yager to assist in our conquest over Arranon, the sooner we can leave these appalling worlds—the openness, the strange scents, the disorder.” Newell looked out the window and shuddered. “Disturbing.”
“Yes, sir.” Faylen looked out at a blue sky, sunshine, and trees swaying in the warm breeze. I find it pleasant here.
“Give me your report, Faylen.”
“Yes, Admiral. Because of records of vouchers purchased and surveillance vids, we know Erynn’s destination was Tamaagra.” Faylen cleared his throat. “By late morning the city will be covered. No one will enter or leave without first passing through a checkpoint. It will be impossible to walk down a street without running into a patrol. If they are in the city, try to enter or leave, we’ll have them.”
Newell smiled. “I want you in Tamaagra as soon as possible, Captain. See to this operation personally. I don’t have to remind you of the importance of detaining Yager.”
“I’ll find her, Admiral.” Faylen stood up, saluted, and strode from the room.



Chapter 27


JAER WANTED TO GET DONE and out of the city before someone recognized them from the frequently broadcasted vids. Roni clicked on the CMD—City Map Directory—in the transport and got directions to the first stop—an outlet that sold bulk packaged food.
The alien occupation made for a high volume of business, the massive block structure packed with patrons scouring towering shelves now meagerly stocked. People too immersed in their own concerns to take notice of other customers, Jaer and Roni remained overlooked as they filled two large packs and entered a long line, moving at an agonizing pace toward the disbursement counters.
A stocky man, his arms full, bumped Jaer and mumbled a quick, indifferent, “Sorry.” He glanced at Jaer and his eyes widened, before he darted away. He stopped, turned to stare at Jaer, and backed up until even with Roni. He whispered, “Don’t leave through the front. There are soldiers patrolling the area.” The man rushed away, not looking back.
Jaer’s head snapped toward the wide doors and he set his pack in front of Roni. “Stay here. I’m going to check for a rear exit.”
Before he took a step, a store clerk walked up, her expression grave. “Come with me. I’ll get you out the back door. There are no soldiers in the alley yet.”
Jaer reached down and grabbed his pack, pushing Roni ahead of him. The clerk ushered them to the back of the building and a tall wide door of solid metal. She punched buttons to silence the alarm, then slid a flat green disc through an oblong receptacle. The door glided up with a soft rumble and a cool breeze drifted inside.
Jaer peered into the deserted alley. “Thank you,” he said, glancing at the clerk.
Worry etched lines around the clerk’s mouth and eyes.
Roni reached into her pocket, pulling out a handful of krigunds.
“No, I won’t take payment. Ignore what the reports are saying about you. Most of us know the truth, and we’re behind you. It’s our honor to assist the Anbas.” She smiled, and the act revealed a glimmer of the attractive woman under the mask of fear and concern. “Please help us—help all of us.” Tears brimmed in her sad gray eyes.
Jaer took her shoulder and gently squeezed, nodding. “We will try. I promise.”
She wiped at her eyes, turned, and ran toward the main warehouse.
Jaer glared after her, muscles along his jaw tight. Roni pushed him, and he slipped outside. She followed, and Jaer reached back inside to depress the panel, closing the door.
Trash-compaction units lined the backs of the buildings on both sides of the shaded, quiet alley.
“Can we make it back to the transport?” Roni asked in a low voice.
“No,” Jaer whispered. “We are on foot again. I do not think we should chance the air-rail either.”
Roni nodded. “I believe you’re right, but what about the rest of the supplies?”
“We are going to have to figure out another way to get what we need, and transportation.”
They strapped their packs on and headed up the alley to where the narrow access crossed a main thoroughfare. Jaer stood with his back pressed against the rear wall of a building, peering up, then down. Armored troops holding long, bulky weapons stood at all four corners to the far right and left, watching pedestrians cutting a wide path around them.
Jaer imagined the armed men’s laughter at the intimidation their presence created. His emotions high, he needed to pull in his loathing, for now, and concentrate on getting out of Tamaagra.
Jaer stared at transports darting past and then at the deserted alleyway across the busy street. He stepped back into shadowed concealment. “We have to find a way to cross without alerting the soldiers.” He gazed up at the rooftops, gauging the wide span over the street.
“There has to be a way,” Roni muttered, glancing around their immediate area and back the way they had come.
Jaer regarded the city like any setting filled both with risks and possibilities. A natural balance existed in any environment, and he stopped to considered the components.
“Follow me,” Jaer ordered. He’d detected an ebb and flow, a pattern to the traffic. Jaer left the cover of the alley, head down, glancing from his peripheral vision up and down to where the soldiers stood. He stepped off the walkway, crossed in the middle of the street, hurrying to the far side during a receding flow and ahead of a surge approaching from both directions. Their sprint across the busy street didn’t disconcert the oncoming transports, as several other pedestrians dashed along with them. Camouflaged.
Heart pounding in his chest, Jaer stopped in the shadows of the next alleyway, and wiped stinging sweat from his eyes. No shouts from troopers followed by the pounding scrape of running boots resulted from their crossing. Jaer pushed his back against the stone wall and slid up to the corner, peering out at the busy street. Jaer shook his head and considered the troopers bungling operation a waste of time as the incompetent soldiers continued to watch only the people passing them.
Jaer and Roni continued crossing several busy streets in this manner, unnoticed, until they hit a dead end. Three transports sat parked at the back of a squat building.
Jaer tried the door of the first. “Locked.”
Roni tried the second and shook her head.
The third opened and they stripped off their packs, throwing them in ahead as they pressed inside. After checking all likely hiding spots and finding no key, Jaer smashed the center console with his fist and ripped apart the wiring. He carefully reattached two wires, and the vehicle whirred to life.
Jaer backed around, facing the street off the alley, thankful the transport’s dark tinted windows offered a degree of concealment.
Damp hair stuck to Roni’s reddened face. She brushed loose strands back and reached to adjust the climate control unit until cool air blew over both of them.
Jaer moved into the line of traffic heading away from the city center and back to residential areas. The soldiers on the corners and walking the sidewalks barely glanced at passing transports.
“They don’t seem interested in the street traffic.” Roni faced forward as they moved along. “That must mean there will be numerous blockades established on the main routes.” She paused. “We’re being funneled into a trap.”
“Yes. That is exactly what they are attempting.” Jaer turned right and left, zigzagging his way onto less traveled streets and into a housing sector.
Armored soldiers patrolled the residential area, but not as heavily as the business district.
“I did not expect this immediate reaction to flood Tamaagra with troops.” Jaer frowned. “It does not make sense. Not for five fugitives. Unless Erynn—” Jaer hammered the steering wheel with his fist. “It is Erynn they want.”
Roni stiffened in her seat. “Why Erynn? They can’t know. Can they?”
“Tiar told me Birk suspected something. He must have passed on this belief to his superiors. And after what happened in Arranoth… We need to get our supplies and get back to the farm. Erynn is in danger.” Jaer surveyed the houses. “This looks like an affluent neighborhood. Maybe we could purchase the warm clothes we need from a resident.” He pulled onto the tree-shrouded drive of a large home and stopped. “I will see if anyone is around.” Jaer got out of the transport, the engine still whirring. He hurried up the walk and stood at the door, peering in darkened windows. He observed no movement within. It appeared no one was home and he tried the door.
From behind, a mechanical voice stopped his efforts. “What are you doing?”
Jaer turned. Two armor-clad men, hand weapons held ready, stood behind him in the landscaped yard, the street beyond obscured by dense vegetation. He stepped down from the entry and approached the soldiers, his arms loose at his sides. “I have locked myself out. I hoped my cheille was still home to let me in,” he said in a submissive tone and manner.
The two relaxed.
Foolish. Jaer smiled.
“Let me see your credentials,” one of the soldiers said, his voice tinny.
“Of course.” Jaer reached back, as if to his pocket, instead grasping a staser concealed at the small of his back under his tunic. “Oh wait, there is my cheille now.”
The soldiers turned and slumped, hands rising in the air.
Roni hurried forward, a staser trained in their direction.
Jaer relieved them of their weapons. He tucked one under his waistband and tossed the other to Roni. She caught the weapon with one hand and slipped it under her jacket.
Jaer grasped the first man’s neck, spinning him to face the opposite direction. He pulled the man against him in a strong, fluid motion. With his other hand, Jaer clasped the chin piece of the full helmet and twisted. Roni performed a similar procedure on the second man. The two soldiers dropped to the well-kept lawn without a sound, bodies hidden by thick trees and bushes surrounding the yard.
“Thanks.” Jaer smiled.
“I’ve got your back.” Roni nodded and checked her stasers. “I saw them crossing behind the houses and figured I should see where they ended up.”
Jaer retraced his steps to the door, activated the access panel, and entered the foyer of the impressive home, Roni behind him. “Check all the rooms,” Jaer whispered and they split up.
They met moments later with little to show for their efforts—two heavy coats, one thick cap, and a pair of gloves.
“There are stairs leading down, possibly to a storeroom,” Jaer continued in a whisper.
They threw the clothes on the foyer floor, and Jaer led Roni back to the staircase. He moved silently down the steps and opened a door, generating a slight grinding noise.
A woman, three older children, and an old man sat huddled inside a ring of opaque boxes, with shelves stuffed to overflowing lining the outer walls. Eyes wide, faces pale, the family clung to each other, watching Jaer and Roni.
Roni stepped back and raised her hands. “We won’t hurt you, but we do need your help.”
The elderly man, his gray hair thin, face weathered and lined, stood up, putting himself between Jaer and Roni, and his family. He pointed a gnarled finger at Jaer, and in a gravely voice stated, “You’re the ones they’re looking for.”
Jaer stiffened, hands fisted.
A blonde woman glared at Jaer from around the old man. “What can we do? We can’t help you. You’ll get us in trouble if they find out you’ve been here.”
“Come on, Roni—we should go,” Jaer said, his voice low. “I am sorry we bothered you.” He turned to move up the stairs.
“No.” The old man’s shout turned to a wheeze, as he glanced at the woman. “We’ll help any way we can. I’ll not die with the knowledge I did nothing to stop what’s taking place on the orders of Admiral Newell. He’s a deceitful schemer, and he’s up to no good. No matter what he claims his intentions are.” He turned and stared at Roni, a smile lifting his thin lips. “What do you need us to do?”
“We need warm clothing,” Roni said. “We can pay you.”
The old man grinned. “Do you have transportation?”
Roni smiled back. “Yes, we do.”
He shuffled to the back wall and tugged a box from the shelf, inspecting the contents. He let out a dissatisfied grunt and shoved the box back.
“How can I help?” Roni asked. She squeezed between the woman and a tall stack of clear boxes.
The woman turned to Roni and the old man. “You’re looking on the wrong shelf. Let me get the right ones.” She brushed by Roni and glanced into her eyes. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said those things.” She whispered, “I’m just scared.”
“Roni, meet me outside. I need to take care of something.” Jaer ran up the stairs and out to the front yard. He pulled the bodies of the dead soldiers from the yard to the transport and stuffed them into the storage compartment. He’d dump them later, away from this neighborhood. He refused to endanger this family by having dead soldiers discovered on their property.
Jaer met Roni at the door as she brought out three clear boxes filled with enough warm clothing for all of them, and handed him the containers. Roni turned to the old man, reached in her pocket, and pulled out a handful of krigunds.
“No, I don’t want your payment. You keep it. You may need it.” The old man waved a trembling hand, trundled back into the house, and closed the door behind him.
Jaer and Roni hurried into the transport. “Now all we need to do is make it back,” Jaer said, watching the house recede in the rearview mirror. He kept changing directions to avoid one blockade after another set up along routes leading away from Tamaagra.
Escape proving challenging, Jaer turned down a long single-lane drive, a house visible in the distance, and pulled into a turnout under a copse of trees. He got out and started removing the supplies, hiding them in the heavy brush growing around thick trunks. Overhead, small, low-flying aircraft patrolled the periphery of the residential areas.
“We will never get through the blockades,” Jaer said as he unloaded boxes from transport. “And with the air patrols, we will not make it half a field cross country.” He talked as he worked, his attention on the task before him.
“What’s your plan?” Roni asked, helping him conceal the boxes under low branches.
Jaer stopped and stared out over the rolling hills. “There…,” he pulled Roni close and pointed, “is the direction you need to go. The farm is just beyond these fields.” Jaer let go of her, his focus back on the transport.
Roni nodded at where he’d indicated. “We can go after dark.”
“No. The patrols are increasing. We are running out of time here and at the farm.” Jaer glanced at Roni. “If we try to run a blockade, we will be pursued. This vehicle will be missed soon, if not already. The trace will give them our location. I have to dispose of the transport.” He gazed down the drive the way they had come.
“A stolen vehicle won’t be a priority,” Roni said, shaking her head.
“We cannot be sure of that,” Jaer stated. “A missing transport may be just what they will track.”
Roni stepped over and stood in front of him. “Jaer, we shouldn’t separate.”
Jaer ignored her. “I will go to the other side of the city and leave the transport. If I am not back before morning, go while you still have the cover of dark. Go to the house down this drive. Put together a sled or cart. Get the supplies to Tiar.”
Jaer slid into the transport. “Do not wait for me, Roni. Get back to the farm and leave for the mountains.” Jaer stared at her, his face set. “Make Erynn go.”
The door glided shut and he took off, knowing Roni would follow his orders. His confidence waned when it came to Erynn and her willful, opinionated manner. But he had to admit, her strength and independence was part of what he admired about her. She exhibited more courage than many men he knew.
Jaer retraced his route, staying to the periphery of the city. If his plan succeeded, it might confuse the enemy and buy Tiar valuable time—allow them to escape into the mountains, but he needed dark for this to work. He stopped in the parking area of an air-transport station to wait.
Soldiers at checkpoints established for departing and arriving commuters passed long lines of passengers off and on the platform. The troopers appeared uninterested in the parking area, or in the transports entering or leaving. Jaer observed more flaws and gaps in their reconnaissance. He thought back on his brief contacts with Newell’s undisciplined, careless troops and smiled. He hoped to get a chance to face Newell one day and share his opinion of these high-tech alien soldiers.
Jaer settled back and activated the transport’s CMD. He needed to find just the right set of conditions to carry out his plan. Fingers brushing the screen, he scrolled through the onboard mapping system, slowed the procession of images, and studied the monitor’s small map. Perfect. But dangerous.
The area wasn’t far and could work. He switched off the CMD, the plan firm in his mind.
His thoughts turned to Erynn. They had an overwhelming task before them. He must get through this and back to her. She needed him.
He closed his eyes. Erynn’s face, her startling blue eyes, and that fall of curly red hair eclipsed his thoughts. Petite, but not fragile, she bravely approached conflict. He chuckled. Erynn reminded him of a tiny winged Leannan from children’s stories in appearance and in her pure innocence. Jaer stiffened, opened his eyes, and her image disappeared. “Another reason I should keep my distance—I have no business contaminating her with my soiled character.”
Shadows lengthened as the sun settled behind the hills ringing the city. The harsh, artificial glow of the security globes spaced around the parking area flashed on, replacing the sun’s fading light. Jaer started the transport and headed to the outermost blockade he’d located earlier. Traffic lumbered along, and he had to stop several times before reaching the barricades. Bright lights shone in the dark from portable stands aimed to glare on the roadblock. Jaer slid his window down just enough to reveal his face and pulled up in front of an armor-clad trooper.
Breath escaped from under the guard’s helmet in misty plumes. He started to wave Jaer through and froze. “Wait, you’re…” The guard fumbled with his weapon, and lunged for the door, tripping over the support leg of a light stand.
Jaer smiled, stomped the accelerator, rammed against and over the barrier. He raced along the wide thoroughfare, weaving between slower-moving vehicles, then glanced behind.
Troopers piled into sturdy, black, all terrain transports and started a pursuit. Amplifiers mounted on thick bumpers emitted a low thrumming tone while orange and blue lights affixed to rails over the roof flashed like miniature explosions in the dark.
Jaer came up fast behind commuter transports, and they pulled aside, getting out of his way. Just a little farther. His goal located up this hill and around the next bend.
Parallel to the right side of the road, a steep slope narrowed to forty meters and led to a deep vertical drop. He neared this spot and again jammed down on the accelerator, jerking the wheel. Jaer crashed through the sturdy safety railing with a scream of rending metal. The transport tipped to one side, slammed upright, and spun half way around as it slid down the embankment out of control. The undercarriage jerked and shrieked against a jutting boulder, scraped against the rocky ground, metal ripping, sparks flying. Jaer bounced against the roof, but didn’t have time to think about the sudden burst of pain stabbing through the top of his head. The front window imploded. Fragments of glass flew back into his face. He reached for the release and pushed. The door slid open, grinding and screeching.
Jaer jumped, landed hard on the rocky soil, and rolled. His momentum increased on the steep slope. Fingers sliced by sharp stones, he clawed at the ground, grabbing for any handhold before he too plummeted unchecked over the rim.
In an abrupt, eerie silence, the transport soared over the edge before hitting the boulder-strewn ravine below, and exploding. Ear ringing blasts echoed up the canyon, and a fiery glow illuminated the dark.
Jaer continued to slide toward the edge. He reached out, one hand catching what remained of a protruding root. The outer layer of the dry, spongy wood powdered in his grip, but the inner core remained solid. Jaer’s body twisted backward, his headlong rush stopping with a jerk and a snap. His shoulder popped, and he clamped his eyes shut, teeth grinding, stifling a scream.
The pain from his shoulder shot like drathgan fire through him. Legs dangling over the verge, he grabbed on to the exposed root with his good hand. Sweat mingled with dirt, resulting in a slick layer of slime.
Above, transports screeched to a stop.
Jaer swung his legs up and over the crumbling edge, boot heels digging for a solid purchase. Small rocks cascaded down into the void, the scent of loosened soil acrid and dry. He pushed against the ledge and pulled at the root.
Thin beams of light arced through the dark at the top of the bank.
Jaer rolled against the uphill rise, and scrambled to a kneeling position.
A small landslide of rocks and dirt flowed to his left.
The soldiers are coming.
He pushed off the ground, biting back a groan, and sprinted to the right. Jaer reached an outcropping of boulders and threw himself behind one as intense light bathed the area. He peered above the rock, as a white glow flooded the path of the transport six meters to his left. Farther to his right about twenty meters the incline smoothed with heavy brush and small trees spreading over the slight rise.
Jaer stood and pulled his left arm against his body, grimacing. He ran, limping, and looked back from the concealment of dense bushes.
He smiled. Troopers accessing the wreckage would find the burned remains of two bodies. Bodies Jaer hoped the enemy would determine to be his and Roni’s. He nodded, turned, and crossed the slope.



Chapter 28


ERYNN STOOD AT THE LARGE sliding door to the barn. She flipped the hood of her coat over her head and pulled the fold of thick padding tight, wrapping her arms around her waist. Her breath fogged, swirling around her before disappearing. Back against the supporting frame, she stared out into the still night. Bright stars twinkled above her in the moonless sky, and the lights of Tamaagra sparkled below. Dew frosted on full heads of ripe grain, and they shimmered icily, silver and white.
Erynn relaxed tense muscles, and tried to clear her anxious thoughts. She took a deep breath, and closed her eyes, imagining Roni’s and Jaer’s faces, their compassion, and strength. Her awareness stretched over vast fields, soared like a night aleun, seeking—A solid wall impenetrable to her consciousness loomed before her.
Her eyes flew open and her hands fisted at this obstruction.
Tiar moved up beside Erynn. “You can’t force it.” He chuckled softly, studying the night. “Besides, Jaer knows what he’s doing.”
Erynn glared at him, shaking her head. “You saw the troop transports pouring into Tamaagra this morning. Jaer and Roni shouldn’t have gone.” She turned her face away from Tiar and said in a low voice, “I should’ve been more focused to the danger.”
Silence stretched between them as they both searched the dark.
“You should try and get some sleep. When Jaer does return, we’ll need to leave for the mountains. The troops from Tamaagra will broaden their search to the outlying areas. We’re vulnerable here.” Tiar glanced at Erynn before he turned and melded into the deep shadows of the barn’s interior.
Erynn pulled the heavy door shut and walked to the ramp of the ship. Dim lights cast a pallid glow in the cabin. Sean sat in one of the pilots’ seats, his face an ashen orb, feet propped on the instrument panel. He glanced at Erynn as she entered, shrugged, and gave her a weak smile.
At the rear of the ship, Tiar curled on the hard floor, a blanket around his shoulders.
She moved to the far side of the cabin, her back against a clear space of an inner wall. Knees drawn up, she wrapped her arms around them. Her thoughts raced to Roni but lingered on Jaer. She should have insisted she go with him…with them.
Her stomach rolled and her skin warmed when she thought about Jaer. “Stop,” she whispered, concealing her face in her hands.
Companionship would be all she could hope for with a man like Jaer, considering who and what she was. This oddity about her troubled Jaer. She could tell by his inconsistent manner toward her. Her arms back around her legs, Erynn laid her cheek on her knees. These sensations concerning Jaer were new and encompassing, and they grew stronger the longer she was around him. Once Jaer has delivered me to General Athru, he’ll have no reason to stay. He’ll move on. He’s probably already in a committed relationship. Just look at him.
The impressions that flashed in her mind tugged at her heart. Jaer smiling, his expression light, the pain eased from his dark eyes, long black hair cascading over powerful shoulders. He was an insurmountable mountain, tall and broad, all strength and authority, but he could be gentle and warm.
She smiled, remembering his fierce countenance outside the barn as they stood face to face. Him demanding she stay. She insistent she go. I bet seasoned men wither under his intense stare.
Her smile thinned, slipped into a frown, and she closed her eyes against Jaer’s image. Banished hope flew to a far recess of her mind.

***

Pale dawn light turned the small windows of the barn a soft gray. The heavy outer door slid back with a scrape of wood on wood. Erynn jumped up, and ran down the ramp, reaching the door, but not before Tiar, Sean at his heels.
Roni stood just outside the barn.
“Roni, you’re okay.” Erynn breathed with relief. She could see the darker outline of a makeshift cart beyond Roni, but not Jaer. “Where’s Jaer?” Erynn snapped, her voice tight.
“The increased troop patrols and blockades hemmed us into the city. Jaer took me to a spot not far from here and told me to wait until dark before returning. He took our transport to the other side of the city. He didn’t make it back before I had to leave.” Roni’s tone was low, her features unreadable in the murky light of predawn. Aggravation colored her voice. Stronger, disappointment rolled from her, colliding against Erynn in waves.
Roni glanced at Tiar, Sean, and then Erynn. “Jaer said not to wait for him. He said he would find us.”
Erynn started around Roni. “I’ll go find him.”
Tiar grabbed her arm. “No.”
Erynn spun back, her jaw tight. “But he’s out there, alone.”
Tiar took hold of Erynn’s other arm, and pulled her closer. His eyes flared with a green fire cold as ice. He glared down at her. “We’ll do as Jaer said.”
They stared at each other, neither backing down.
“Think about this, Erynn. Don’t let your personal feelings cloud your judgment,” Tiar said quietly. His eyes warmed and he gave her one of his infrequent smiles.
Erynn gasped and her gaze darted from Tiar, to Roni, then to Sean.
Tiar let go of Erynn, stepped back, and appraised the brightening horizon. “We should repack the supplies so they can be carried.”
Erynn glanced back at Tamaagra, the city’s lights bright against the gray morning. She wanted to reach out, to find Jaer. The fear of not finding him, the sense of him, stopped her. Erynn was still glancing back as she entered the barn.
They ate a quick meal while they stuffed warm clothing, food, and shelters into framed packs. Finished, they each grabbed a backpack.
“It’s important we all stay together. No one should wander off for any reason,” Tiar cautioned, staring at Erynn.
Before the sun made its appearance, they climbed the hill behind the farmhouse.
Sunlight chased shadows under the short, thick bushes they wound around. Ascending dusty, brush-choked hills to descend the other side, they sent small landslides of lose soil and stone ahead of them. The city disappeared behind them. Erynn reminded herself she’d made a promise, determined in the task ahead of her. Jaer also made a promise. He would be there to help her. She would not stop trusting him now.



Chapter 29


JAER POPPED HIS DISLOCATED SHOULDER back into place using his shirt as a strap and the trunk of a tree as an anchor. The arm functioned with only a slight soreness.
He focused his attention on the mountains just visible in the distance. Gray morning light cloaked the towering peaks of snow and ice. If Roni had returned to the farm, Tiar would already have them well on their way into the hills at the base of those mountains. Newell’s troops would soon discover they weren’t hiding in the city and start combing the hills and farms for Erynn. He pushed through scrubby brush growing in the stony soil of the ridge that ringed Tamaagra. Jaer felt sure he’d catch up by dark, maybe before if he continued this pace.
With any luck, Jaer’s plan had succeeded and Newell would believe there were two less among the fugitives to deal with. Newell’s resolve in searching for Erynn puzzled Jaer.
What did Newell think Erynn could accomplish for him? It had to do with Erynn’s abilities—her powers—but for what purpose? Newell must need Erynn to aide in his victory over Korin.
Jaer stopped as recognition hit him. Not Korin. Newell required help with Arranon. Newell needed Erynn and her connection to Arranon to complete his take over of the system. Jaer smiled and resumed his brisk pace. Newell is finding Arranon difficult—a test of his experience and technology.
His smile widened. He glanced behind as the tops of the low hills below Tamaagra turned pink with dawn’s approach.



Chapter 30


THE REPORTS OF THE ‘ACCIDENT’ that claimed the life of two of the fugitives read, Faylen switched off the computer and turned to stare out the window at the blush-touched dawn. The large man in black was dead and would no longer be a problem.
“Where is Erynn? What does she need in Tamaagra?” Faylen mumbled to the rising sun.
All good questions with no answers. Admiral Newell had called Major Birk a fool. But this assignment proved more difficult than Falen anticipated. Newell’s, and Birk’s underestimating this world, the inhabitants, and Erynn Yager proved their shortcoming from the beginning. Faylen vowed to approach this mission from another position, and not make the same mistakes. Birk’s self-assured arrogance in his superiority over these people, over Erynn Yager, was his downfall. Birk claimed she had abilities, abilities he believed he could control. Wrong again.
Faylen understood she required special consideration and treatment. He hoped this would be enough to keep him alive and deliver the girl to Admiral Newell.
He summoned his lieutenant. “I want every possible hiding place in the city searched before morning is over. If Yager isn’t discovered, I want troops scouring the outlying areas until she’s found.” Faylen’s eyes narrowed, staring out at the orange sun rising above the hills.
Beautiful. He gazed into the brilliant new day with a strange yearning that swelled inside his tightening chest.



Chapter 31


TROOPS FOUND A SHIP MATHCHING the description of the one taken from the spaceport in Arranoth now abandoned at an uninhabited farm in the hills. Faylen decided to inspect the scene himself before relaying any information to Admiral Newell, proceeding cautiously with reports regarding Erynn Yager.
On the land between the barn and the city, late afternoon sun shone on fields of ripe grain. Tall golden stalks blew in the breeze like waves on water, turning their silvered undersides up to catch the light.
Erynn was here. But where has she gone, and why?
A soldier in gray-green body armor strode up to Faylen. “We’ve found evidence of their passage into the hills, that direction.” He indicated the way with a sweep of his arm.
Faylen stared into the dark eye guards of the soldier’s helmet.
The soldier’s tone condescending, he scoffed, “At least all that remains of their pathetic group.”
Faylen narrowed his gaze. “This pathetic group has managed to kill several of our men while repeatedly evading capture. I expect all of you to exercise due respect and caution on this mission. I don’t plan to follow Major Birk’s recklessness regarding this planet, the people, or Erynn Yager.” With his voice raised, Faylen asked, “Do I make myself clear, Sergeant?”
The trooper stood to attention, all traces of arrogance gone. “Understood, sir. What are your orders?”
Faylen turned back to the waving grain. “This is a beautiful world, don’t you think, Sergeant?”
The trooper glanced in the direction Faylen faced. “If you say so, sir.”
“It will be night soon. We don’t want to be out after dark. We’ll return to the city. I want to know what’s up in those hills before we go blundering around out there.” Faylen smiled and turned his face into the cool sunshine. “They won’t get far on foot.”
“Sir, what do you think is going on? Where are they going, and why?” The soldier’s head turned in a quizzical gesture.
Faylen’s eyes closed, enjoying the light radiated by the sun. “All good questions, Sergeant—questions we should’ve had the answers to before now.” Faylen sighed, opened his eyes, and turned away from the brightness. “Move out.”



Chapter 32


TIAR KEPT A STEADY PACE throughout the day, allowing only brief breaks and a quick, cold meal well into the afternoon. Her eyes downcast, Erynn trudged on, wiping at sweat and dirt that streaked her face. Dark-green leaves on heavy, entangled limbs caught at her clothing leaving an oily texture and astringent odor behind. The stress of the last few days added to the constant physical exertion wore on her, on all of them.
“This reminds me of pilot survival training,” Tiar said as they climbed the next seemingly endless hill. “Remember, Sean? We were sent out in groups into the wilderness with no food and minimal gear for several days at a time.”
Sean nodded, smiling. “The idea was to make it to a designated point in a set time.” He paused, his expression amused. “There was one simulation in particular we were meant to fail, to see how we would react.”
Roni glanced at Sean and then Tiar. “What did you do?”
“I didn’t fail,” Tiar said, turning to Roni.
“There have only been five people to take the simulation and pass. Three of them are here.” Tiar glanced toward Erynn and back at Sean.
Roni appeared impressed, giving Sean a sideways glance before gazing ahead at Tiar, her green eyes wide in amazement.
Tiar had managed to lighten the mood and take their minds off their weariness. He glanced back at Erynn, again gracing her with one of his rare smiles.
The landscape of never changing windswept brush wound them through a natural labyrinth, the terrain steep, rocky soil loose. Erynn turned her attention to the tree line, the forest a long way off, far up into the mountains. They wouldn’t reach the woods before dark, and they appeared no closer than when they’d set off that morning. She again wondered if she took her friends the right way, and did the right thing for them, because of a dream. After all, she wasn’t positive General Athru was there.
Roni reached out and pulled Erynn to a stop, breaking her wandering thoughts. She glanced first at Roni and then up the steep bank to Tiar as he surveyed the descent into the ravine. Late-afternoon sunlight surrounded him, shining off his long black hair. Erynn moved up to stand beside him. The brush-covered slope below was steep, the soil loose, but no more treacherous than what they’d already traveled.
She glanced into his face, but his green eyes revealed nothing. “Is something wrong?” He was so hard to read, so intensely centered. Tiar wasn’t like Jaer. Jaer’s emotions flashed instantly in his deep-brown eyes and across his strong features. Heat rose in her cheeks and she brushed cool fingers across her dirt streaked face, focusing where Tiar looked.
A small creek ambled at the center of the ravine, the dark path of water a vivid contrast to light tan soil. Scarce, spindly brush scattered the bottom with several meters of bare land bordering the stream. Erynn presumed frequent flooding kept the vegetation scrubbed from the canyon floor.
Tiar gazed to his left, up the ravine, and pointed. “We’ll make camp there, beyond the curve in the wall.” Large boulders protruded into the ravine’s bed, directing the stream’s flow around their massive forms.
“Good,” Erynn said in a breath, her emotions under control.
Tiar stared at her, his eyebrows raised.
She met his gaze. “I’m tired and hungry, aren’t you?”
“Is that all?” Tiar asked.
Erynn reached out with her mind. She sensed no danger. She sensed nothing. “I think the area is safe,” she said, staring up the ravine.
“Oh, it’s safe,” Tiar said. “Jaer’s there.”
Erynn’s head snapped around to Tiar. She stammered, “Hu—how do you know? What makes you think—”
“Jaer left a clearly marked trail. I’ve been tracking his progress for some time now.” Tiar cut off her questions.
Erynn frowned, her voice stronger. “I didn’t see any sign of recent passage. Why didn’t he join us? Why is he ahead?”
As if Tiar had not heard Erynn, or the doubt in her voice, he continued, “It’s where I would make camp.” His tone was low, directed at no one in particular. He again pointed up the ravine. “The many channels of this canyon will act as a chimney scattering smoke from our fire, making it impossible to determine the origin. Outcroppings of boulders will provide shelter, and there is fresh water.” He stared down at Erynn. “I told you Jaer knew what he was doing.”
Erynn surveyed the ravine.
Tiar set off down the steep bank as Sean and Roni moved up, shepherding Erynn ahead of them. Rocky soil rolled and crunched beneath her boots, dust boiling up with each step. They reached the bottom and turned, moving opposite the flow of the creek. The gentle water burbled and sang as the stream moved over small rocks and swirled in pockets lined with pebbles and sand. The sound comforted Erynn, reminding her of the time she’d spent alone in the forest by the pond.
But this place seemed different, less alive with no constant chatter from the treetops, no howls of maejen, no sighing of breezes through boughs—only canyons of dry rustling leaves in the constant wind.
They reached the bend and moved around protruding boulders. Tiar stopped, removed his pack, and began gathering large stones that littered the area for a fire ring.
Erynn searched the vicinity. “Where is Jaer?” she whispered and removed her pack to help Tiar.
The creek had eroded a pool nearly ten meters across where the water churned before joining the onward rush. Erynn stood at the edge of the pool, and stared into the water. Light danced across the rippling surface, sparkling like jewels. A warm, bubbling sensation surged over Erynn and the stones fell from her grasp.
Swept away from the ravine and into pure energy, she floated among bright purple, green, and blue pinpoints of light. Shrill voices spun around and through her mind. A high keening wind buffered the Anim Blath’s words.
“You’re doing well, Erynn. Keep going.” Zander’s voice swirled, surrounded by the Anim Blath’s song.
Erynn hung weightless, bright colorful lights bouncing around, against, and through her. “Where are you? Don’t leave this time. I need your help.” She fought the force suspending her, searching among the dancing firelight for Zander.
Zander chuckled. “Our enemy fears you—fears what you can do.”
“They aren’t the only ones afraid.” She hung her head. The velocity of the lights accelerated around her, emitting a fierce orange glow.
“Erynn, it’s all right to be afraid. That’s normal. You’ve proven yourself capable. Damon taught you well, and you shine. He would be proud of you, who you are. I am.”
“I’m not so sure. I’m less able to sense anything lately.” Erynn’s frustration at her inabilities since the previous day flooded into her. “I can’t find Jaer.” The words escaped before she could stop them.
Pinpoints of light faded, and the song softened to a sigh. The floating sensation receded, and she drifted down through the warm darkness enfolding her.
Zander’s voice was less than a whisper in the dark. “Sometimes nothing is a good thing. Sometimes nothing is all there is.”
In a loud pop, Erynn hit the ground, breath forced from her lungs. She gasped, sitting at the edge of the pool in the dark. From behind her, firelight glowed, casting an orange sheen on the black surface of the rippling water.
A hand reached out, grabbed her coat, and pulled her into a standing position. Erynn’s first reaction was to fight. She pushed away, kicking out and sweeping empty air. Her actions pitched her off balance. The same hand that pulled her upright held her, keeping her from falling.
“Easy. It is me. Are you all right?” Jaer whispered next to her ear.
His immediacy startled her. Erynn took a deep breath and stopped struggling. “What happened?”
“You tell me.” His voice was still low, but no longer at her ear.
“When did you get here? Are you all right?” Her head spun. How long was I…gone?
Time caught up. At least time as she knew it. She took deep breaths of the cold night air, and her head cleared.
“I am fine and I have been standing here for some time—watching over you.” Jaer spoke softly, still holding the back of her coat.
“Then you heard…everything?” Erynn asked in a whisper.
Jaer stood between her and the fire, blocking the meager light produced from the low flames. She couldn’t make out his face, just his dark form against the night.
“What should I have heard? You have been standing here, quietly staring into the water.”
So the experience had all taken place in her mind. “Nothing. I just…” Erynn sighed. “Nothing,” she said, glad Jaer couldn’t see the heat rising in her face.
Jaer chuckled. “You are blushing again. I can feel your heat.” He loosened his grip on her coat. “You do blush a lot. I think it is a waste of your body’s warmth. On Arranon, warmth is prized.”
She covered her face with her hands, the heat growing, and swayed slightly, but remained upright.
“Roni has food for you. Then you should get some sleep. I want to leave early. We need to reach the cover of the forest before dark. The climb will not be an easy one.” Jaer stepped away and stared into the dark toward the direction of the tree line. “Newell’s troops will be coming after us.”
You mean me,” Erynn said. She wondered if she should tell him what she knew. It didn’t matter. Newell was after her. The reason was irrelevant.
Jaer moved behind her. His warm breath touched her right ear. “You have a purpose—a destiny.” His lips brushed her left ear. “My job is to ensure you accomplish this purpose.” His movements were silent, unseen, unfelt.
“How do you do that?” Erynn asked, intrigued. She spun to face him. He was gone. The muted glow of the fire and the vague huddled forms of the others beneath their blankets met her gaze.
“I will teach you,” he whispered in her ear, again behind her.
Erynn closed her eyes, opened to the sensations, and her awareness of the space around her.
Jaer moved to her right.
She couldn’t hear him, couldn’t see him, but she did feel him. She turned, catching the front of his coat in her right hand, and stared into the dark silhouette of his face.
“Well done, Lieutenant. It seems you can still sense what is around you,” Jaer whispered.
Erynn released his coat, pushed at him, and stepped back. “I’m glad I passed your test, sir.” Erynn turned away and walked toward the fire, followed by Jaer’s sigh of exasperation.



Chapter 33


FAYLEN WOKE, HIS BODY COVERED with sweat, a yell caught in his throat. The recurring dream always drew this intense response.
The pretty young woman smiled, backlit by sunshine. A gentle wind tousled her long dark hair, and her brown eyes sparkled.
He experienced and savored every moment.
The heat from the sun warmed his skin. A fresh breeze washed over him. The woman laughed into his ear, her breath sweet. She hugged him, her arms comforting. Then the woman’s face changed, her eyes wide with fright. Everything turned dark, cold, silent.
The end was the unpleasant part.
He’d hoped the dream was erased from his mind. The deprogrammers tried to wipe these persistent memories from his awareness, but his consciousness refused to relinquish them. Apparently, his time on Arranon had somehow triggered their return.
Faylen believed the woman to be his mother. The setting could be his home world, but he wasn’t sure. He wasn’t even sure Faylen was his true name or merely the name given him.
Was I one of the taken?
Faylen knew he hadn’t been born on a birthing ship. He wasn’t supposed to know this. The ship was his earliest clear memory, though. With the pain of a loss he didn’t understand, his heart ached of loneliness. Time and reprogramming eased his hurt. Along with the other children, he endured endless days of physical training and lessons of conquest, but he never forgot.
The Tei Amasic’s practice was to take young children and train them as soldiers or other necessary professions. He’d been a party to such raids himself, for the good of their continued existence. Faylen believed in his, the Tei Amasic’s, principles. He believed in what he did here on Arranon. He understood they needed this system and the abundant resources available to regain what his society had lost from previous unwise choices and battles.
Admiral Newell’s plan demonstrated a sound probability of success.
Faylen threw off the covers and walked to the window, shades opened to the city. Muscles in his chest and upper arms quivered. He shivered, in part because of the dream, but also due to his bare skin in contact with the cool air of the room. He frowned and glared into the night, the lights of Tamaagra blurred through the glass.
Faylen considered Erynn’s flight into the hills above the city and wondered why. He wiped sweat from his smooth scalp and returned to the warmth of the woman who slept peacefully in his bed.
Tomorrow, he would go after Erynn Yager.



Chapter 34


THICK GRAY CLOUDS CHURNED THE dreary morning sky closing in overhead, the air scented with rain. Jaer began their climb before sunrise, as promised. He led them in a more direct but demanding route to the tree line.
Erynn stared up at the distant forest, the first drops of rain touching her face. She hiked up the steep bank of the draw, remembering her first night on Arranon. She was a little better prepared this time. Erynn smiled. A little better prepared?
This time she had Jaer, Tiar, Sean, and Roni along. She should amend that to a great deal better prepared.
Tiar had gone ahead, out of sight, scouting the area. Erynn could sense him far ahead. She wondered if her encounter with the Anim Blath and Zander last night had somehow re-energized her abilities. Is that possible?
Before she could considered the likelihood further, a low, menacing growl came from the thick stand of brush to her right. Erynn slid to a stop, and peered into the heavy leaves and tangled branches. A wide mound of dirt visible under the limbs produced an animal with a long snout and small yellow eyes peering above the opening.
Jaer turned and hurried from the front. Roni came up from the rear. Sean stayed back, scanning the undergrowth.
Roni glanced at the low bushes, her voice tight. “What is it?”
“An animal, there, under the leaves.” Erynn pointed below the limbs at the mounded dirt. “Growling. We must have startled him.”
Jaer reached out and took Erynn’s arm, propelling her forward. “Get moving, quick.”
From around them, in several clusters of brush, low growls issued an alarm. Beneath the lowest leaves, large animals with long snouts and small eyes emerged. Sharp teeth bared, they moved as one, cutting off escape.
Jaer pulled his weapon as did Roni and Sean. The three spun around, surrounded by twenty or more of the creatures. They couldn’t shoot all of them before they attacked, and their intention was to attack. Erynn sensed their hatred and doubted a nod in their direction or a kind word would work as it had with the maejen.
But the thought that did come to Erynn seemed as incredible. If she were to try this crazy idea, she would have to act before the animals launched, ripping and tearing with needle-sharp teeth and razor claws. Erynn stepped forward.
Jaer tugged at her arm.
She ignored him. “Camorra nah,” she called in an authoritative voice. The animals hesitated, their eyes darting about while they shifted nervously on elongated, razor-clawed feet. Her words seemed to be working. “Muclah Frana, camorra nah ah galin cah.” Erynn called, with added force. She glanced at Jaer and then back to the animals.
Jaer’s gaze darted to her before his attention returned to the circling pack.
The animals stilled, sharp teeth no longer displayed. They snorted noisily, blowing dust and dirt around their dropped heads, and backed away. Beady yellow eyes stared at Erynn. Fear all but replaced anger, dictating a retreat brought on by a few nonsense words from her childhood. Once back under the cover of the thick brush, they disappeared into the mounds of dirt.
The immediate threat over, Erynn breathed deeply and wrinkled her nose. The animals carried a putrid scent, heavy and pungent. She sensed Jaer’s gaze on her and understood she was the object of everyone’s attention.
The ‘other’ language she spoke as a child was in her mind from her first memories. She had learned to speak two dialects concurrently. The ‘other’ language worried her dad, and she remembered endless tests of her hearing and speech. When she got older, she understood the ‘other’ language upset her dad, and she stopped using the words around him, around anyone. But they were still there, in her mind, real and with meaning.
Erynn glanced around, head down. They all watched her. The scene reminded her of when she’d said the wrong thing, or made something strange happen as a child, the other children staring and taunting her. She glanced at Jaer, her cheeks burning. He must believe her foolish, or worse, crazy.
Jaer replaced his staser and pulled Erynn up to him. His face shone with a fine layer of sweat.
Erynn averted her face even as her jaw set.
Jaer spoke quietly, a slight tremble in his voice. “An bhail aghat folcloir ah fhast?”
Erynn’s eyes widened and her attention snapped to Jaer.
Jaer leaned in, his warm breath washing over her. “Bhail aghat folcloir chen aghat linnth?” he asked. His eyes searched hers.
She whispered, “In response to your first question…it’s hard to give you a simple answer.” Erynn sighed, her breath catching. “I’ve…I’ve always known these words. They’ve been in my mind as long as I can remember.” Her breathing steadied. Erynn continued, her voice a whisper, but stronger. “The answer to your second question is yes, I understand what I said.”
Jaer glanced at the others, his voice commanding. “Get moving.” He didn’t release Erynn’s arm, guiding her up the hill. “The words are from an ancient language of Arranon. Few know how to speak it anymore.” Jaer gazed down at her and gave her a small, awkward smile. “I was just surprised to hear you speaking the language, and, well, perfectly. They are obviously powerful words when you use them. I am sorry if I embarrassed you.”
Her mind reluctant to admit he accepted her for what and who she was, Erynn watched Jaer. Something compelling passed between them, and she nodded. “You didn’t embarrass me.” She shook her head. “I mean…I just figured…I assumed…never mind. I was surprised to hear you talking to me in a language I believed I’d made up.” The flush rose in her face, but she resisted the urge to look away, instead staring into intense, dark eyes.
“Oh, you did not make up these words,” Jaer said, beaming at her. He let go of her arm and brushed the backs of his cool fingers across her hot cheek. Jaer lengthened his stride, once more leading the climb.
Erynn watched him ahead of her. He seemed pleased she could speak this ancient dialect. Her ability to use the language in a powerful manner didn’t trouble him. In his awareness of who she was, what she could do, she sensed Jaer’s acceptance of her. But something more underlay his satisfaction.
Affection?

***

The rain increased, the drops large and cold. They hit the powdery soil with a soft thump, sending up small puffs of dust.
The clouds opened and the downpour hit. Before long, they slid in thick mud that stuck to their boots, making the climb more difficult. Heavy rain pounded the choking brush, the harsh rattle drowning out any other noise.
Erynn watched the low branches from under the cover of the hood pulled around her face, wary of another attack.



Chapter 35


DAWN HELD NO PINK BLUSH this morning, only thick gray clouds obscuring the sun’s approach.
Faylen rose early after a restless night, dressed, and left his comfortable quarters. The night before, he’d studied maps and any intelligence he found on the region he was about to enter. Faylen felt ready, as prepared as a few hours of groundwork could get him, anyway. Ten well-equipped men would accompany him—no more. They waited, along with all their gear, in a small conference room in the lower level of this building.
His Lieutenant walked up. “Sir, the flight will be leaving as soon as it’s light. The crew will report to you on any sensors detecting the possible position of Erynn Yager.”
Faylen remembered Birk’s error—troops and reconnaissance flights sent into the forest excited the animal life. The confusion allowed Erynn to slip through the figurative net and get away. His plan comprised an element of control. He glared at the Lieutenant, his voice hard. “I want positive identification of all sensor readings before moving on. The life forms in this area aren’t as abundant or as large as in the forests. There will be no mistakes.”
The Lieutenant nodded. “Yes, sir. I’ll pass your orders along to the flight crew.” He turned and marched away.
Faylen demanded a meticulous and tedious search, expecting more success than Birk with his numerous troops blundering about. Faylen planned to traverse the hills in a vehicle designed for rough terrain, shearing dense vegetation from their path. He intended to recover any lead Erynn, and what was left of her party, had gained.
The vehicle also afforded protection during the nights, its heavy frame and thick gray armor solid against attack. Faylen motioned and the men moved forward. “Outside.”
An icy breeze touched his exposed face and he glanced up at the clouds racing across the sky, the air clean and new. Even on a dismal day, this world is beautiful.
Faylen turned his attention from the churning gray clouds and assessed his clothing. He wore a heavy green-gray jumpsuit, gloves, tall boots, and a helmet. The ten men with him, attired similarly, carried bulky packs and serious weaponry. He expected freezing nights followed by colder days the farther up the mountain they searched. He sighed, knowing he had no other option to find Erynn in this remote, uninhabited wilderness. Or pay with my life.
Faylen doubted Erynn’s objective was the small village located at the base of the peaks at the highest level of the tree line, but if not there, then where, and why.
Faylen considered how inadequate his intel on her was, and how muddled the attempts to find her had proceeded under Birk. No wonder she continued to evade them. Pure, natural instinct, and Erynn’s abnormally enhanced abilities counted far above the advanced technology at his command.



Chapter 36


THE STORM-SWEPT MORNING SLIPPED into afternoon. Rain turned to snow. Large flakes dropped straight down over a thin layer of ice-crusted brush and mud. Erynn stared ahead, her quick breaths expelled in a thick vapor. Jaer lead the way, his dark form disappearing under a cloak of white.
“Keep moving. Almost there,” she whispered and would have laughed if she’d had the breath. Almost where?
Clouds darkened and shadows darted, blurring in the dizzying dance of snowflakes. Erynn labored up the steep incline as snow fell, obscuring her vision past a few meters. Trees dotted the sparse undergrowth and a thickening blanket of white replaced the sticky mud.
Her boot slid on the slick carpet of snow-covered needle leaves. Erynn dropped, twisting, her arms flying out to her sides, and she landed flat on her back, head smacking the ground. Bright points of light bounced in her vision, receded, and disappeared. She pushed her hood back and stared into dark clouds as silver-white flakes drifted down, brushing her cheeks, the effect mesmerizing.
Jaer’s face appeared over her. “You all right?”
She nodded and rolled to her hands and knees. The toe of her boot against the ground, she tried to push upright and fell again, face-first in the snow, air huffing out of her. Hidden under the hood, she remained prone, shaking with quiet laughter at her clumsiness.
Jaer grabbed her, pulling her into his arms. “Erynn.” He knelt in the snow, cradling her. A worried expression enveloped his face, matching the concern in his voice.
She stopped laughing when she saw his alarm, but a smile remained. “I’m sorry. I keep falling.” Icy flakes stuck in his beard. She reached up and brushed the crystals away. Erynn chuckled again despite Jaer’s obvious distress. “I was never very coordinated in the snow.”
His eyes closed, then opened. Jaer smiled, releasing his breath. “I thought you were hurt.” His voice was a whisper, warm breath skimming over her with a light caress.
Blue currents swirled and she pushed out of his hold, glancing around. Sean and Roni, now ahead, broke a path through the snow. “I’m fine, just clumsy,” she said and cleared her throat.
Jaer helped her up. “Set your heel first. Like this.” He showed her how to walk without sliding.
Erynn tried his technique. She still slipped, but not as much. “Thanks.”
“So why does it happen?” Jaer asked, walking next to her.
“The ground is slick. Like I said, I’m not very coordinated when it comes to snow—”
“No,” he broke in. “The tingling sensation. You said it does not always happen. So what causes it?” He stared at her, his eyes that fathomless deep she could fall into and disappear.
Erynn frowned and turned her face away, pulling her hood tight. “Oh, that. It just does. I don’t always have control over it.”
He sighed. “You do not know why, just now?”
“Sometimes when I laugh, when I’m happy.” She could feel the heat rising in her face. “Sometimes when I’m angry, but it feels different.” She shrugged, wrinkling her forehead. “Not a tickling or tingling. It can be painful for the person on the receiving end.”
“I will be careful not to make you angry.” He brushed snow from her shoulder. “It was good to hear you laugh, see you smile.”
“Jaer,” Roni called in a tense voice.
Jaer pulled Erynn with him to where Roni and Sean stood surveying fresh animal tracks. Jaer straightened and reached for his staser, scanning the forest.
“What is it?” Erynn asked, searching the flowing curtain of snow.
“Maejen,” Jaer hissed.
Erynn gasped. “You aren’t going to shoot them.” She pointed to the drawn weapons. “Wait. You don’t need those.”
“The meervorines were one thing, Erynn. Maejen are another. They’re cunning, resourceful, and deadly.”
“Stop.” She stepped in front of Jaer. “You don’t understand. It’s because of the maejen we’re here.” She hadn’t shared her experiences alone in the forest due to a lack of opportunity, but mostly because of her old habits of silence. “Please, trust me.”
Jaer faced her, his eyes narrowed.
“Maejen came into my camp when I was in the woods—”
“Maejen?” Roni and Sean interrupted her account, their voices high.
“It’s not what you think. They came to help me.” Erynn frowned, thinking about their behavior. “Or protect me.”
“Maejen?” Jaer tipped his head.
Erynn, still frowning, glared at him. “Yes, maejen. I know how this must sound, but it’s true.” She gazed up the incline and watched a form take shape out of the swirling snow. “They stayed with me at night—slept round the fire, and me.”
Jaer’s attention whipped from Erynn to the trees above them. Sean and Roni spun, stasers aimed.
Erynn mumbled, “It’s just Tiar.”
Tiar emerged from the trees, through fluttering white flakes, closing the distance with long strides. “I met up with a group of men and women from the village late this morning. A heavily armored transport left Tamaagra after dawn, coming this direction. There are small aircraft patrolling between the village and us. Probably headed our way.” Tiar glared up at the gray sky. “They must think that is our destination.”
“We need to stay away from the village. Can we get away before the ships scan us?” Erynn followed Tiar’s gaze, seeing only black clouds and heavily falling snow.
“We can try,” Jaer said and pushed forward.
“There’s a cabin built into the side of the mountain not far from here.” Tiar stared into the growing dark. “A large tree fell on the exposed portion, hiding the opening, but we can still get in. The space underground should give us protection from their scanners.” He raised his face to the sky again. “We need to hurry.”
They ran. Snow continued to fall, getting deeper as they climbed higher up the mountain. Night pressed in.
The faint hum of an approaching ship broke the silence of snowflakes drifting through the air. Tiny flashing red and white lights appeared above and to their right, moving toward them. It was the trip through the forest to Glaskra all over again. There would be no camouflage this time. Just like before, scanners traced a grid, the ship under the cloud cover, not above as before. A green beam swept the area. The light cast an eerie glow on heavily falling snow, reminding her of a child’s tale of trobbles and gowlins. Jaer hooked his arm around her waist, half pushing, half carrying her.
Tiar led them straight to the shelter. The beam followed, twenty meters behind and gaining. They stripped out of their packs, pushing under the downed tree one at a time on their bellies, Tiar first, pulling Erynn in next. They repeated the process with Roni and then Sean. Jaer shoved the packs ahead of him through the small opening.
Erynn held her breath. Outside, the beam slid over their hiding spot. A faint buzz covered the soil above them. Green light reflected off the dead tree and falling snow. The ship moved on, never hesitating, the resulting dark reassuring. A collective release of breath sounded through the small space. The compact interior of the cabin felt sheltering, not claustrophobic. Shuffling against the hut’s packed dirt floor followed by the searching of packs produced a lantern.
“We can’t have a fire. Too risky,” Tiar said, adjusting the light to a dim glow.
Sean pulled water and meal bars from another pack and passed them around.
After eating, they picked spots on the dirt floor and wrapped in blankets.
Jaer sat next to the small entrance, peering over the log and between snow-laden branches.
Erynn shivered in her spot under her blanket, too cold to sleep. She stood up and positioned herself opposite Jaer, blanket wrapped tight around her.
“You should be sleeping.” His voice came out of the dark, warm and inviting.
Erynn shook her head. Her voice trembled through chattering teeth. “C-c-can’t. T-t-too c-c-c-old.”
He leaned forward and pulled her into him, wrapping his warmth around her. “We should reach the base of the mountain by late tomorrow morning.”
“W-w-w-what about the s-s-ships and the t-t-t-troops headed th-th-this way?” She spoke into his chest, her voice muffled.
He sighed. “I will get you there, Erynn.” His hand stroked her hair.
I’m Erynn again. She angled her face to see him. “Why do you do that?”
He tipped his head. His hand stopped its soft movement and dropped. “I am sorry. I will not do it again.” His arms stiffened.
“No. I mean sometimes you call me Lieutenant, or Lieutenant Yager, but rarely Erynn. Why?”
“I guess the same reason you call me, sir, and not Jaer.”
She stared at the dark outline of his face, quiet for a long moment. “So if I call you Jaer, you’ll stop calling me Lieutenant?”
He laughed quietly. “Yes, Erynn.” His hand moved back to her hair, sliding around to hold her face. His lips brushed hers, tentative at first, then with more pressure, but still gentle.
Erynn put one arm around him and the other up to his jacket, grasping the collar and pulling him, returning the kiss. Electric blue tendrils wove around, slow and graceful, encompassing them in a soft light.
Jaer laughed against her cheek. “Does this mean you are happy?”
Heat rose in her face. “Does this mean you’re happy?”
His thumb moved lightly over her warm skin. “I will take that as a yes.” He kissed her again, light and quick.
“I’ll take that as a yes.”
His breath puffed into her ear. “We have an understanding then.”
“An understanding?” Her forehead tensed.
His arms tightened around her. “I could not be happier right now, Erynn. Holding you like this is more than I ever imagined possible.”
She burrowed in closer. “I believed I was the only one thinking that way.”
“Go to sleep.” His lips skimmed her forehead. He adjusted the blanket around them and began to stroke her curls again.
“There’s no way I’ll sleep now.”
In the dark, from across the hut, Roni whispered, “It’s about time you two.”
Sean chuckled.
Jaer laughed quietly into her hair. His gentle touch and warmth lulled her, and she drifted away.
She stirred in the dark sometime later, groggily aware of Jaer’s arms around her and the rise and fall of his slow, rhythmic breathing as he slept.

***

Morning arrived, icy and gray, but no snow fell. After another meal of dry, flavorless bars and cold water, they pushed out of the shelter. Erynn scanned the sky. No ships flew above in a relentless pattern of probing.
Around them, the low boughs of the trees shook their cloak of snow, falling in soft thumps. From shadows under the limbs, gray and white maejen padded into view. Jaer reached for his weapon, but Erynn stopped him, her hand over his. Glancing back at Tiar, Sean, and Roni, she said, “It’s all right.” Erynn stepped forward.
Behind her, Jaer warned, “Erynn, no.”
The pack leader approached and lay down, staring up at her.
Roni gasped.
Erynn nodded, and the big gray male pushed into a sitting position.
He swung his head the direction they had come and chuffed. He stood up, his focus on the mountain, and danced with uneasiness.
Erynn’s gaze followed the maejen’s. “We need to go. The transport searching for us is coming.”
The maejen formed a protective ring around them, yipping and howling, their breath icy plumes, relaying the urgency that they hurry.
Erynn watched Jaer. He glared at the maejen, his eyes narrowed. He kept his hand on the holstered staser but started forward, keeping Erynn close.
Maejen led the way, circling. Erynn glanced back. The maejen behind ran through their tracks, wiping out the evidence of their presence.
Midmorning, the sun broke through the clouds and the maejen slowed, hanging behind. The low roar of a transport echoed through the trees, making the direction it came from unclear. The sound grew and from the cover of the forest, three transports pushed through low limbs, coming straight for them. The maejen scattered as the humans stood watching the approaching vehicles.
Jaer shoved Erynn behind him.
The transports stopped, engines rumbling. They weren’t alien, but that wasn’t necessarily a good thing. Erynn stared, waiting. The center vehicle’s hatch rose. A figure in a white hooded coat, pants, and boots emerged. He stepped forward and pulled the hood away from his face.
General Athru smiled. “I should have known you’d find me, Erynn.”



Chapter 37


“CAPTAIN FAYLEN, THERE ARE SEVERAL life forms running ahead of us.”
The heavy transport lumbered up the steep incline, pushing through the snow.
“Identify, Sergeant,” Faylen snapped. He or the ships scanning the forest should have come upon Erynn before now.
“Maejen, sir,” the sergeant said in a low voice, disappointment evident.
“You’re sure?”
“Yes, sir. There are…twenty-four. The five in the rear check with the computer scan of maejen. Long legs, massive heads, lean bodies. According to the scientific records we have on the species, if Erynn and her friends are anywhere near the maejen…Well, we don’t need to keep looking for her.”
“No. She’s alive.” Faylen fisted his hand and hit the side of the transport. “Where is she?” He stared at the forms running on the screen. “Maejen. Go back to the village. Erynn must be there.”
The transport made a wide turn to the right and began traversing the incline.
“Is there any way Erynn could have doubled back and is in Tamaagra?” Faylen asked through gritted teeth.
“It’s possible, sir. But the troops there would have found her. They continue to search. We followed her, moving up the hills and into the mountains until the rains washed away the evidence of her passage.” The sergeant pressed a button, and the forward panel shaded against the bright sun. He surveyed the ground. “Our best hope is to run across her tracks in the snow.”
Faylen pounded the transport with his fist again and glared out at the deep-green trees covered with a thick blanket of white.
The sun made the icy mantle sparkle against the deep blue of the sky.
His heart calmed and he smiled. “Keep watching for signs, Sergeant.” His hand relaxed.
A crimson creature swooped down, wings spread, turning the same white of the snow-covered ground, disappearing into his surroundings.
“Nice trick,” Faylen said.
“Sir?” The driver’s attention whipped to Faylen.
“The aleun. Turning from red to white. There. Under those trees.” Faylen pointed to the left. “I just said it’s a good trick.”
The driver glanced in the direction Faylen indicated. “An aleun, sir? I don’t see it.”
“Well it’s not there now. You must have missed it.”
“Yes, sir. I must have.”



Chapter 38


“HOW DID YOU KNOW?” ERYNN asked General Athru after they entered the transports and started moving again.
General Athru turned from his seat in front of her. “I have contacts in the village you passed. Had Tiar not run across them, I would have known someone was out there when you started tripping sensors closer to the base.”
“Base? Where?” Erynn ducked her head, searching the limited view from her seat.
“You’ll see.” He turned away.
“Wait. I need to tell you about Mikal. He’s still with you, isn’t he?”
Sean slid forward, crouching next to Erynn. “Mikal is not who he pretends to be, sir.”
General Athru held up his hand. “We know about Mikal and he has been dealt with. Thanks to Tam.”
“Tam?” Erynn shook her head. “What do you mean, dealt with?”
“Don’t worry about it, Erynn.” General Athru glanced back at her, his expression hard, his eyes cold. “You can talk to Tam soon. We’re almost there.”
Erynn sat back and leaned into Jaer. His arm tightened around her, enfolding her in his warmth and comfort.

***

Trees thinned, then disappeared, transports wound through massive formations of boulders, melting snow trickling down their sides. They slowed before reaching a dead end—a high, flat wall of stone. Small pebbles and chunks of ice cascaded from above as stone appeared to move, a huge section sliding to one side. In a low rumble that drowned out engine noise, the barrier opened to reveal a wide dark tunnel. The transports eased inside and the driver hit a switch. A bank of lights attached to vehicles’ roofs shone across dark rough walls, and, as the last transport entered, the stone access rumbled closed behind. Water flowed down the walls and dripped from the low ceiling, the tunnel leading to an immense, well-lighted bay.
People in heavy white jumpsuits worked around vehicles, including several troop transports lining one long wall. Equipment meant for deep snow and ice filled the center of the large space with smaller ski-type vehicles lining another wall.
A tall, older man moved forward when they stopped. “General, glad you found what you were looking for.”
General Athru stepped from the transport. “Yes, Whill, they’re here. Advise Amara, Erynn and Roni will need quarters, clothing, and,” he turned when they’d all climbed out, “from the looks of them, a decent hot meal.” Tell Amara I want them in adjoining quarters with Tam. He smiled. “I’ll take care of Jaer, Tiar, and Sean.”
Erynn glanced at Jaer and opened her mouth to speak.
“I am not going anywhere, Erynn,” he said before her words formed. “I will see you later.”
General Athru walked up and asked, “After a good meal and a shower, do you think you would feel up to a debriefing?”
“Yes, Cale,” Tiar said as he received nods from the others.
“Good. I’m anxious to hear what you’ve seen, what you’ve been through.”

***

Amara’s long hair, fastened at the back of her neck by a green and yellow clip, flowed down her back like a waterfall of silver. This, along with her fair complexion and pale-green eyes, reminded Erynn of the small, winged Leannan that lived in mountain meadows in children’s stories. Why do I keep relating what I see here to tales I read as a child? Magic, her thoughts chimed. Arranon is magical, like the stories.
Amara showed Erynn and Roni to a common room filled with comfortable seating, long tables with chairs, and a wide DVSL attached to the wall. A narrow hall off this generous space lined with doors led to separate sleeping quarters and private washrooms. Amara opened a door for Roni and then took Erynn through the next.
Dark, bare stone made up the walls in the common room and hall, but in the quarters they were painted a pale-blue, making the tiny space appear light and airy. Next to a single occupant sleeping cubicle was a desk with a computer station. On the wall opposite the bed hung a DVSL, turned on to a view of the rocky cliffs.
Fake window. Erynn smiled. Less than a meter from the foot of the bed, the door to the washroom stood open.
Amara stepped into the tiny space and activated the light. “Come in here and I’ll show you how this works.”
Erynn stopped in the opening.
Amara stood with her back to the shower, facing a bin below a small metal hatch. “When you take your clothes off, put them here, in the bin.” Amara pulled it open. “When you need clothes, you’ll access them here. She slid back a panel with labels.
Erynn saw sections tagged coat, shirts, pants, and boots before Amara directed her attention to the buttons next to the labels.
“You punch in sizes here.” Amara glanced at Erynn and smiled. “Small.” She tapped the spot. “Here.”
Erynn’s cheeks warmed.
“When you’re done, come back to the common area, and I’ll take you to the dining hall.” Amara squeezed by Erynn. Before she shut the access to the quarters, she reminded, “Cale will want to talk to you as soon as you’ve eaten.”
“Thanks.” Erynn glanced around at the short white counter and small round sink with a small oblong mirror above. Her hair hung in damp, limp curls, appearing more brown than red. Her icy blue eyes shone bright against her smudged, dirty face. She peeled out of clothes worn for three days, dumped everything but the boots into the bin, and anticipated the shower with pleasure.
She dialed the water as hot as she could stand, steam filling the small space. Erynn stayed under the liquid heat until her skin grew red and the chill set in her bones started to thaw. Her relief at getting safely to General Athru faded. Damon, her dad, was dead. She would have to talk about her pain, her grief, the wind, the animals, Birk, her camouflage trick at Imoir, and Zander. She needed to alert General Athru about the Anim Blath’s warning—Zander’s warning—that Dhoran may return.
Erynn stopped the stinging flow of hot water and dried. At the panel, she requested thick undergarments, pants, and a sweater. Everything came in white. She shrugged. “I guess there’s not much need for color choices.”
Finished dressing, she glanced in the mirror, rubbing a section in the center to clear the condensation. She stared at her reflection for a long moment, willing herself to be strong, before depressing the button for a white jacket. Erynn slipped into the coat, left her quarters, and entered the common room.
Tam jumped up from a padded chair and ran to Erynn. Even in the bulky clothing, Tam epitomized grace. She threw her slender arms around Erynn, pulling her into a welcoming hug. “I’m so glad you’re here, safe. You’ve got to tell me everything. Where have you been? How did you get away from that man, Birk? And wait till you hear about Mikal.”
Erynn pushed back, studying Tam. The white clothing a striking contrast against Tam’s radiant brown skin and short dark hair.
Tam stopped the flow of words. “What’s wrong?”
“My dad is dead. Birk murdered him, Newell and who knows who else watching.” The wispy tremor in her voice rose to an angry pitch. “I want…Newell…to suffer…to hurt…just like…he’s hurting…others.” Her words sputtered out between sobs.
“Easy, Erynn.” Tam wrapped her arms around Erynn again and held her tight until the sobbing quieted. “I know. It hurts. But he’ll pay. They’ll all pay for what they’ve done.” Tam straightened and wiped tears from her cheeks, then brushed Erynn’s with trembling fingertips.
“I’m sorry. I’ve just held everything bottled in for so long. There was no time, no place—”
“Stop,” Tam demanded. “You have every reason to cry, to let go of all the pain. I can’t imagine what you’ve been through. You must be exhausted.”
“I’m glad you’re here.” Erynn sniffed and tipped her head. “How did you get here? Why?”
“Sean, Mikal, and I came to the hangar that morning. I believed we were there to give you moral support.” She dropped her arms to her sides. “Sean was there because General Athru asked him. Mikal, of course, had his own agenda. I was there for you, Erynn. When they took you, I wanted to help. General Athru arranged for me, for all of us, to come with him.” She chuckled.
“What?” Erynn asked, running the back of her hand across her eyes.
“Cale didn’t exactly ask Brayton. He told him he was taking Interceptors.”
“I would loved to have seen Brayton’s expression.” Erynn gave Tam a weak smile. “You flew an Interceptor? And you call General Athru, Cale?”
Tam shrugged and frowned. “Yeah. Why not? Besides, he asked us to call him Cale. It’s not like Academy. There’s honor and trust, not that there wasn’t on Korin.” She shook her head. “It’s just different here.” Her smile returning, Tam continued, “Oh, Erynn—piloting—real piloting, was great. You’ll get to fly soon, too. All Cale talked about was getting you here and up in the air.”
Erynn couldn’t contain her own widening smile. “I’m going to fly?”
“Of course you are.” Tam paused and pressed her lips together. “What happened to Birk?”
Erynn’s brow drew down. “You’re the only one who’s asked.” She sighed. “He’s dead.”
“Did you…?”
“No, not me, not exactly.”
“Not exactly?” Tam frowned. “You don’t have to talk about what happened.”
“I can. I should. General Athru will want to hear. The animals killed him, but because of me.” She stared up at the DVSL showing the wind blow crystalline snow about the peak of the mountains. “The animals here, well, some of them, protect me—help me. It’s hard to explain.” She glanced back at Tam and shrugged.
“Then don’t try, not now. Come on. I’m supposed to get you to the dining hall.”

***

Tam and Erynn walked through cold, dim corridors, passing people who nodded and smiled in their direction. From down the hall, Erynn smelled food and heard conversations among the clink of dishes. Her stomach growled. She would consider anything other than meal bars a feast. They turned into a massive space the same pale-blue of her quarters, with several long rows of tables and bench seats.
“Wow, big,” Erynn said, her gaze darting around.
DVSLs lined the walls, most of them showed outside views, others the activity in different areas of the base. At the front of the space, a long counter separated the eating area from the large busy kitchen. Tam and Erynn joined a line at the counter.
“What’s it like here?” Erynn asked, surveying the room. She didn’t see Jaer. Nor did she see Tiar, Sean, or Roni.
“Everyone’s busy—preparing for war. It’s exciting, but also kind of depressing, and scary.”
Erynn nodded. Their plates full, they walked to seats toward the back. Occupied with her meal, Erynn didn’t ask more questions, and neither did Tam.
Jaer dropped into the opening by Erynn, Roni next to him. Sean and Tiar settled on Tam’s right.
Relief, happiness, and a warmth building in the pit of her stomach cascaded over Erynn at Jaer’s presence.
“Good to see you, Tam,” Sean said, smiling.
Jaer took Erynn’s fork and scooped up a mouthful.
“Try this.” Erynn pointed at a cubed white meat mixed with small, sweet red berries and thinly sliced, crunchy nuts. “It’s cearach, I mean achcear. And it’s good.”
Jaer helped himself, and nodded. “I will get you some more.”
Tam stared at Jaer. Her mouth fell open. “Erynn?” A smile started, spreading to her eyes.
“Oh, Tam, this is Jaer and Roni.” Erynn gestured across the table. “And Tiar, Sean’s brother.”
“Hiiiii…?” Tam drew the out word.
Jaer handed Erynn’s fork back to her and stood. He stared down at Erynn. “Be right back, with more cearach.” His dark eyes expressed less of the usual pain present.
Instead…is it…happiness?
Erynn realized again, she didn’t, hadn’t, sensed Jaer’s emotions. She didn’t need to. They were evident in his manner, voice, and actions.

***

General Athru joined them as they finished their meals. “I know you’re all tired, but if you could give us a little time.”
Jaer took Erynn’s hand in both of his and gently squeezed.
Erynn returned the grasp as best she could with her fingers engulfed between his large palms.
The area around them emptied, but from several tables across the room, people turned and stared, leaning in to each other, whispering. Three women and an older man stepped up to stand behind General Athru.
“Erynn, will you come with me?” General Athru rose and gestured for the new arrivals to sit at the end of the table.
Jaer squeezed again and released his hold. “I will talk to you later.”
“I’ll see you later, too, Erynn. We still need to talk.” Tam grinned and slid out of her seat.
Erynn moved away, but glanced back at Jaer. He watched her, his expression relaxed, his chest rising and lowering as he breathed, the action rhythmic.
Erynn and General Athru walked through gloomy tunnels and down a long set of stairs cut from stone. Minimal lighting at the uppermost angle of the corridors caused their shadows to leap first before and then behind them. The smooth rock floor of the granite warrens echoed their foot falls, punctuated by dripping water.
At the end of the steps, several dark passages led off an alcove. General Athru turned right, to the farthest tunnel.
Erynn hesitated. “Where are we going?” Zander’s story of Dhoran and his underworld loomed in her mind.
General Athru stopped, turned, and tipped his head, his features vague in the low light. “Just a little farther.”
She sensed no deception, took a deep breath, and followed. The tunnel swept around a wide bend. Bright light—natural, not artificial—seeped into the dark. Fresh air drifted into the musty corridor tinged with the scent of needle leaves, musky and sharp. They stepped into a massive, wide hangar, bathed in sunshine from three open bay doors. Technicians busy at their duties hustled among the aircraft that filled the space, but the only thing Erynn saw was the long line of Interceptors gleaming at the front of the queue.



Chapter 39


YOUR LIFE CHANGED QUICKLY, DIDN’T it, Erynn? Arranon is quite different from Korin. This must be difficult.” General Athru sighed. “But I need to know. What happened out there?”
Erynn watched him, his mouth set in a firm line. The smile slid from her lips.
A cold wind whistled in around the open bay doors.
“Let’s go outside.” General Athru guided her to the windswept landing pad nature had carved out of the gray granite mountainside. He stared out over gentle inclines beneath the niche, squinting against the glare of the setting sun reflecting off fresh snow.
Air, biting and sharp, washed over her, mingled with the spicy scent of the expansive forest far below.
Erynn wanted to ask General Athru about the base. The formation appeared to be natural, but some of the massive installation must be man-made. She glanced away from the wide view to General Athru. He stared, waiting for her answer. “Well, after I got away from Birk I met up with Tiar and Sean. Then we met with Jaer and his people before going to Glaskra—”
“What happened to Birk?”
She twisted a loose thread from the hem of her jacket around her finger. “He died. The animals took him.” She lowered her head. Will he believe me?
“How? Tell me what happened.”
Erynn started her strange tale with a long sigh. She left nothing out, not the animals aiding her or the wind that seemed to surge and calm at her will. She told him how she had disguised herself, Sean, and Tiar like the crimson aleun, and how the maejen brought her to this place in dreams. He didn’t interrupt, but listened, his eyebrows rising with each new disclosure. She ended with her loss of time, the colors, and the voices, and finally her last encounter with Zander. “He wanted you to know about Dhoran. He doesn’t believe Dhoran’s dead. The Anim Blath fear this invasion will awaken his dormant soul and bring his evil back to Arranon.”
“Zander always worried Dhoran would come back. He died trying to make sure that would never happen. Apparently, he failed in his attempt.”
“That’s how Zander died?”
“Yes, that’s how your father died.”
“My father. Have you heard about my dad, Damon? Can you tell me anything?”
General Athru stared at the ground. “I’m sorry, Erynn. Jaer told me what Birk did—how he bragged about killing Damon.”
“But have you heard if it’s true? Maybe he was only trying to…” Erynn shook her head. “I don’t know. Maybe it was a lie.” She watched him.
“After landing here, we’ve received no transmissions from Korin, or many places on Arranon.” He glanced up, reached out, and took her hand. “I can’t tell you he’s alive, as much as I’d like to.”
Erynn nodded and dropped her gaze. “I just…he’s all I’ve ever known—all I ever had—and I love him. If he’s gone, I’m alone.”
General Athru let go of her hand and wrapped her in a tight hug. “No. You’re not alone. You always have a home here, with me. I want you to feel you can come to me any time, for any reason. I’ll be here for you, Erynn.”
Erynn stepped back, unaccustomed to such shows of affection from superior officers. “Thanks, General Athru. I appreciate all you’re doing. And all you’ve done. I’ve felt very welcomed since I arrived. Your support means a lot.”
“Good. I want you to feel welcomed. And you are. You know that, don’t you?”
“Yes. I do.”
He tipped his head. “So, why are you still calling me General Athru instead of Cale? Do you still distrust me? What else can I do, Erynn?”
Erynn straightened, fidgeting with the loose thread of her jacket. “I didn’t say I didn’t trust you.”
“You didn’t have to.” He shook his head, his expression pained. Never mind. Maybe you just need time. Back to what happened. It’s true, then. You can influence the weather.” His face smoothed, his gaze full of fascination. “I heard the transmissions from Newell’s troops, about your escape, your abilities. You’ve got them scared, Erynn.”
“You can do those things, too, can’t you?” Erynn asked, her voice rising in pitch.
General Athru shook his head and barked a laugh. “No. Zander told me it was possible—said he could teach me. He never got the chance. I guess you’ll get to teach me.”
“I would, if I knew how I did it,” she mumbled, biting at her lip as she gazed out over the rim of the shelf.
He laughed again, with affection. “I’ll walk you back to your quarters. I think you’ll have to fill Tam in before you can get any rest.” He gestured her into the bay, leading the way back through the tunnels to the common room.
General Athru kept his distance, but she sensed his…concern? No. Fondness? “Get some sleep. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He turned and walked away before she could pin down the emotion radiating from him.

***

In addition, he was right. Tam waited in the empty common room, handing Erynn one of two bottles as she walked inside.
“What’s this?” Erynn asked.
“Beoir, or something like it.” Tam snapped the top off hers and took a drink. “You need to relax.”
Erynn opened her bottle and sipped, tasting a slight bitterness with that underlying spicy flavor.
Tam dropped into a chair. “Is it true what Sean said about you? Damon Yager isn’t your father?”
Erynn sat down across from Tam. “He’s not my biological father.” She met Tam’s gaze. “I’m sorry, Tam. My life was a secret. I couldn’t tell anyone. Damon…” Erynn shook her head, “my dad made sure I understood that.” She bit her lip and watched Tam.
“Your real father, he’s an Arranon?”
Erynn nodded.
“Is he the reason you can do the things you do?” Tam frowned.
“He and my mother—the combination.” Erynn stared at the floor. Polished to a high gloss, veins of green, yellow, and gray ran through the dark stone, reflecting the images of the furniture. No reason to bring up the added abilities Zander, and Arranon, had passed to her. This revelation seemed enough—for now.
“We start new today, right now. No more secrets. Agreed?”
“Agreed,” Erynn said, smiling at Tam.
Tam tipped her head, her eyes narrowed, and she grinned. “Jaer?”
Heat flooded Erynn’s face. “First tell me about Mikal.”
Tam’s smile faded. “He kept trying to get Cale to let him take an Interceptor, to go find you. His constant whining got annoying.” She folded her long legs under her. “I finally confronted him. The story he told me sent me to Cale.”
“What story?” Erynn asked.
“That you and Mikal were in love. He said you told him you loved him the night we were at Coeunn’s.” Tam stared at Erynn.
Erynn snapped her mouth closed, shaking her head. “No, I didn’t.”
“I know.” Tam nodded, her expression smug. “His behavior irritated you. Anyone could see that. I thought for a while maybe you and Sean…but there was something about the two of you—more like brother and sister.” Her gaze focused on Erynn.
Erynn’s eyes widened and she straightened. “That’s exactly what it feels like.”
“You don’t know why?” Tam grinned again. “Think about it.” She settled into the chair. “Eventually even I figured out the reason.” Tam stared at her. Eager anticipation danced in her gold-brown eyes. “It’s because of your heritage, your connection to Arranon. How do you feel about Tiar or Cale?”
“Tiar? Like family,” Erynn whispered, her brow wrinkling. How do I feel about Cale—General Athru?
“Yes.” Tam slapped the arm of the chair. “I knew I was right.”
“Thanks, Tam.” Erynn laughed. “I guess I need you around to sort the more complicated things out for me.”
“Exactly. Now, Jaer?” Tam leaned closer.
Heat crept into Erynn’s face again. “I don’t know.” The topic unfamiliar territory, she cleared her throat. “What do you want to know about him?”
“Not just him—you and him.”
“There’s not much to tell you, Tam.” Erynn yawned. “We’ve been on the run.” She rubbed at her eyes. Maybe Tam would get the hint.
Tam sighed. “Fine, tomorrow. No details left out.”
Erynn nodded. “Tomorrow.”

***

In her quarters, Erynn finished in the washroom. She requested a long-sleeve shirt and soft baggy pants to sleep in. Sliding the door open and switching off the light, she turned toward the sleeping cubicle. Except for a dim glow from the DVSL showing the deep night outside, no stars, no moons, nothing, her room remained dark.
The chair in front of the computer station creaked.
Erynn froze.
“You do not think I would let you go to sleep without saying goodnight, do you?” Jaer’s softly accented voice came to her from the shadows.
She padded over to him. “How did you—”
His hand reached out and slipped around her waist. He pulled her into his lap, fingers winding into her hair at the back of her neck. “Shhhh.” His lips found hers.
Erynn wrapped her arms around his neck. His long, soft hair brushed her cheeks.
Jaer pulled back. “My quarters are right next to yours.” He kissed her again. “If you need anything, the access code to my room is 787.” He stood up, still holding her. “Good night.” He brushed another quick kiss across her lips and let her down.
The door slid open. His dark form moved through. The door shut.



Chapter 40


GENERAL ATHRU APPROACHED ERYNN AND Tam as they left the dining hall. The lines around his eyes tightened, and his lips drew down in a frown.
Erynn stopped when she sensed the apprehension radiating from him. “What’s wrong?” she asked before he reached her.
“The wing commander, General Gaden, and I are having a…disagreement about you.”
Erynn shook her head. “Me? Why?”
“He wants to test you on the simulator before putting you in an Interceptor.” He glanced away, down the dim tunnel. “I told him that wasn’t necessary.”
“That’s all? Go through a simulator examination and I can fly?” Erynn smiled. “I’ll do it.”
“One simulator flight would clear this up quickly. I’m sorry, Erynn. They don’t understand.” General Athru tipped his head. “Just one favor?”
“What?” Erynn frowned.
“Don’t hold back,” He said, smiling. “Show him what you’ve got.”

***

In a new white flight suit, her name in dark-blue letters over the breast pocket, Erynn slipped into the seat of the simulator. She buckled in and tightened the strap of the shiny helmet under her chin. Canopy panels hummed into position and locked. The cockpit wrapped around her, safe and familiar. Outside the clear panels, the view brightened, focused, and the landing pad on the ledge next to the hangar appeared.
“Initiate engine start-up sequence,” a voice instructed from the speaker inside her helmet. “You’re all clear for scramble, Lieutenant Yager.”
“Copy.” Erynn flipped four switches to her left. The instruments before her lit up. The engines whined. Blue static wrapped around her gloved hands and she pushed the throttle forward, feathering the controls. She glanced from the instruments to the forward panel of the canopy. The scene wavered, and the Interceptor rose, at least it felt that way. She hovered, turned, and soared over the ledge, skimming the tops of the trees, low and fast. A canyon appeared in the distance, winding through gray stone topped with melting snow. General Athru told me to show him what I’ve got. A smile spread across her lips as she angled toward the chasm.
The canyon’s narrow opening rushed forward. Erynn flipped the fighter sideways, speeding through the gap. The walls widened, narrowed, and widened in a dizzying flux while she angled first right then left. She kept the Interceptor centered. Her speed increasing, she dodged protruding boulders and navigated the ravine, never causing a single pebble on the banks to dislodge from their location.
An intermittent alarm followed by a flat, mechanical voice sounded through the cockpit. “Warning. Warning.”
Erynn’s smile widened. A red light on the panel flashed, reflecting off the canopy. She raced toward the dead end of the canyon, a high cliff with an irregular peak of jagged rock. Her hand gripped the control stick, pushed, and the Interceptor shot straight up. She spun, pirouetting through the sky, the bright orb of the sun alternating with blue openness as she whirled upward.
She stopped the spin and leveled the fighter, parallel with the ground below.
This time a quick yelping alarm filled the cockpit. The clear screen changed, showing three flashing blips closing on her from different directions—the left, behind, and ahead—all firing. Erynn pushed the throttle forward, speeding toward the advancing ship. The enemy continued to fire as she made slight changes in position each time a bolt raced at her, laser fire sliding past, a clear miss.
A red lever at the bottom of the throttle increased her speed. She reached down and yanked it up, shooting past the opposing aircraft, away from the one coming up on her left, and the one from behind. Erynn banked, turning in a tight arc. All three appeared in a cluster on her targeting screen.
They fired as one. A bolt skimmed the right rear section of the fuselage, knocking the ship hard. The left wing dropped, the fighter shook and shuddered.
Her helmet bounced off the right side of the canopy. “Oh no you don’t.” Tendrils of blue static swirled around and through her. Another burst closed in, coming her way. Erynn dove, ground rushing forward, controls shaking, vibrating through her. The laser blast flared centimeters above her.
“Pull up. Pull up,” the flat, mechanical warning chanted.
“Not yet,” she whispered. Time slowed to a measured beat.
Now!
Adrenaline surged, her mind cleared, and her stomach tightened. Erynn exerted pressure on the controls. She pulled back, turned right, and came out of the dive, her right wingtip less than a meter above the ground. The scent of over-heated electronics drifted through the cockpit. She continued to climb, increasing her speed, pushing the fighter. Sunlight glinted off the targets above her. She smiled, focused on the screen, and took aim. Three marks flashed red over the yellow grid.
A calm, melodic, female voice chimed from the acquisitioning system. “Targets acquired.” A slight pause followed. “Targets locked.”
“I’ve got you.” Erynn fired three times.
The voice continued. “Targets destroyed.”
Erynn pushed forward on the controls, flying through the fireball of exploding ships, then leveled her rising fighter. The scene around her broke up and flickered. The acrid scent of burning wiring intensified. Sparks snapped and danced from the instrument panel. A bang reverberated through the canopy, and the view through the panels darkened, the test over.
Not good.
Erynn slid the lever to disengage the canopy and pushed the panel back. She removed her helmet, laying it on the seat as she climbed out of the simulator. Her gaze darted around the small room. Wisps of white smoke drifted upward, the stench of burned components stronger outside the cockpit. General Athru, General Gaden, and several others stood staring at her as she emerged.
“Remarkable,” General Athru said in an expelled breath.
“Remarkable?” General Gaden bellowed. “She just destroyed the Interceptor simulator.”
“You were the one that insisted she be tested,” General Athru shot back. “Besides, the simulator’s not destroyed. The computer’s just shorted.” He turned to Erynn and smiled.
“I’m sorry, General Gaden. General Athru, you said not to hold back. I didn’t.” She started to bite her lip, stopped, and straightened, shoulders squared.
General Gaden relaxed a bit. “Well, I guess the damage can be repaired. That was a remarkable demonstration.” His lips tightened and he glanced at General Athru. “Put her in an Interceptor.” He spun around. “Get this fixed,” he said in general to those gathered as he stalked from the room.

***

Erynn met Tam in the common room of their quarters. People sat in quiet conversations, watching vids, playing cards at the tables, or reading in the corners. News of her incident with the simulator preceded her.
A man sitting at a table chuckled as she entered. “Nice flying, Erynn.”
“Wait till the enemy tries to fly against you, Lieutenant,” a woman called from in front of the DVSL.
“We’ll show ‘em,” another male voice joined.
A collective shout rose, filling the space.
Erynn sensed a surge of positive, encouraging energy blast through the area. Her cheeks warmed. “Thanks.” She glanced around the room at smiling faces. “I’ll do my best and fight beside you.” An actual battle against a very real enemy with injuries and fatalities swept her thoughts, making her stomach clench.
Hands clapped her on the back.
Tam pushed forward, grasped Erynn’s jacket sleeve, and pulled her down the hall. Tam shut the door to her quarters and turned on Erynn. “What happened?”
“General Athru said I out-flew the simulator’s computer—fried it.” Erynn sat down in the desk chair.
Tam dropped onto her bed. “How come that never happened at flight classes?”
Erynn relaxed. “I’ve always held back. Today I didn’t.” She shook her head, then shrugged. “That would have brought up some difficult questions, propelling my freak status to new heights.”
“Freak status? Erynn, you’re not a freak. You’re incredible.”
Erynn mumbled, “Not everyone sees me the way you do.”
“You don’t know what people think. You never give them a chance.”
Erynn grimaced, and glanced at the floor, her hands fisted. “Should’ve been around when I was growing up. Not a pleasant time, except for my dad. I learned some hard lessons. My life was all about the secrets—the hiding. I could never be me.”
“Well, unlearn those beliefs. Everyone’s talking about you now.”
Erynn winced.
“Sorry.” Tam leaned toward Erynn. “What about the stories of mixed-blood children dying at birth, the horrible deformities?”
“Lies,” Erynn snapped.
Tam straightened and cringed. “Why?”
“It doesn’t matter. Those times are over. I hope.” Her thoughts took her to murdered children and their families, to Damon, her dad, also murdered. Birk’s face, his voice, his enjoyment as he told her he’d killed Commanding General Damon Yager, rose like a vid in her mind.
Tam shook Erynn’s knee. “Hey. You in there?”
“What? I’m sorry.” Erynn tried to control the shuddering of her breath.
“Jaer,” Tam called in a flat tone, her head tipped, a slight smile turning her lips.
“I haven’t seen him today.” Erynn frowned. She hadn’t seen him since he left her room last night.
“Is there something between the two of you?” Tam’s grin spread, her golden-brown eyes dancing.
“We’re friends.” Erynn remembered the way he’d kissed her. Friends? Her face burned. “I don’t know, Tam. I don’t understand.”
“What’s to understand? Do you like him?”
“Of course I like him. He keeps saving my life.” And then there’s the way I feel every time I’m around him. Erynn laughed. “I’m like a princess in a Leannan tale, saved by the handsome prince.”
Tam groaned and threw a pillow at Erynn’s head. “You’re resisting.”
Erynn slumped in the chair and sighed. She wrapped her arms around the pillow. “Really, Tam. I don’t understand. Why me?” She rubbed her hands over her face. “He’s seen what I can do—knows about my heritage. And he doesn’t pull away.”
“Why would he?”
“Why wouldn’t he?”
“You need to get over this image of yourself. Like you said, those times are over. Accept that Jaer loves you.”
A chime sounded in Tam’s quarters. She rose and stepped to the door.
Sean stood in the dim hall. “Good, Erynn, you’re here. We need to meet with Cale. The village below the base is under attack. Cale and Tiar are flying.

***

Spotlights flooded over the shining surfaces of two Interceptors ready on the pad. Ground crews in thick white jumpsuits moved the length of each fighter, disconnecting cables and hoses.
Erynn walked out the first bay door. No moons lit the expanse of forest below. Only stars shone against the velvet backdrop of night. The world beyond the lights of the scramble pad didn’t exist.
General Athru, Tiar, and Roni stood huddled against the frigid wind in the stark black shadows of the fighters.
Roni turned from General Athru to face Erynn. “Let’s get you back inside. Cale and Tiar are leaving.”
“You’re taking more than just the two of you,” Erynn said. Her gaze darted from General Athru to Tiar and back.
“The two of us can handle this, Erynn.” General Athru pulled his helmet on and tightened the chinstrap. “Let’s go, Tiar.”
Tiar glanced at Roni and smiled. His gaze drifted to Erynn. “There are ground transports on their way. We’ll clear the area—make it safe for them to go in.”
With the meaning of Tiar’s words, understanding surged over Erynn. “Where is Jaer?”
“He’s leading the ground assault,” Tiar said and climbed the ladder next to his Interceptor.
Erynn stared into the dark. She allowed Roni to pull her back through the open bay door and into the hangar.
The Interceptors rose, hovered, and shot away. Four glowing orbs, the engine exhaust ports, disappeared into the night.
Erynn watched until she no longer saw the red burn of the engines. “Did you know?” She turned to Roni. “Why didn’t he tell me, or come to say goodbye?”
“There wasn’t time. He had to go.” Sean put his hands in his pockets and hunched his shoulders. “People are dying.”
Erynn grimaced. “Because they think I’m hidden in the village or that the people there know where I am. Everywhere I go…” Her hands fisted.
“Similar incidents are happening all over Arranon and Korin, Erynn.” Sean turned from the dark night to face her. “We need to focus our attention on fighting the enemy.”
Erynn shook her head, hands raised. “You’re right, Sean. I’m sorry. I get so angry—”
“Good.” Sean interrupted. “But control your anger. Funnel all that energy into a productive channel.”
Erynn sighed and nodded. “I’ll try.”
“Don’t just try. You can do this, Erynn.” Sean stared back into the dark. “We all can. We have to.”
“I’m worried, scared for—”
“Jaer will be fine,” Roni whispered. She didn’t look at Erynn. Instead, she also stared out at the inky black night.
Roni’s apprehension collided against and mingled with Erynn’s own concern.



Chapter 41


EXPLOSIONS FLAMED INTO THE NIGHT sky and cast an orange glow over what remained of the village. Ships swooped low, hovering over the scene. Melted snow ran in muddy rivulets down the deserted main street. Faylen stepped into the one remaining structure, his gaze drifting over the occupants.
An old man, stooped and gray haired, shuffled forward. “We can’t tell you what we don’t know.”
“Well, there’s where the confusion lies, old man. I believe you do know where Erynn Yager is.” Faylen motioned one of his men forward. “You give me no choice.” Faylen nodded.
The soldier aimed his weapon and fired. The blast hit the old man square in the chest.
The ten people at the back of the room made no attempt to go to the old man as he crumpled to the floor. No one screamed, they only stood there, staring at Faylen.
“You have five timnents to tell me what I want to know. If not, every timnent you fail to give me the location of Erynn Yager, another of you will die.” Faylen glared down at the dead man’s still form. “Remove the body.” He turned and hurried outside into the cold and leaned against the wall at the side of the building. The act of ordering the old man’s execution disturbed him. Sucking in icy air, Faylen tried to steady his pounding heart. Thick smoke from the burning buildings choked him. He gagged and vomited into the slushy snow at the edge of the road.
Faylen wiped the back of his hand across his mouth. What’s happening? I’m a trained officer. These people mean nothing. He straightened and stared into flames that wavered and jumped against the dark, while composing his wildly beating heart and ragged breathing.
The door behind him opened. “Captain Faylen, aircraft are approaching, along with several ground transports. We’re about to have company.”
“Where are our skip-ships, Sergeant?” Faylen asked, controlling the tremor in his voice.
“Regrouping. What are your orders, sir?”
“Tell our men to hold their position.” Faylen stared up at the sky. He could hear the roar of engines in the distance. “Let them come to us.” He pushed through the door. His men stood, weapons drawn, around the captives. “Kill them.”
The soldiers fired until no one stood, the room silent.
“Burn it,” Faylen growled and stormed outside again.
Inside the armored transport, Faylen gave orders to the skip-ships. “When they’re on your scopes, engage. Blast them out of the sky.”



Chapter 42


A LOW RUMBLE REVERBERATED IN the air—Cale and Tiar, the Interceptors—Jaer nodded. Two ships approached from behind the three transports and flew low, ground shaking. They raced into the night, four symmetrical glowing engines disappearing behind thick stands of trees.
Erynn knows I am gone.
Distant flares of orange-yellow light filtered through limbs when they crested a hill, the burning village. An explosion lit up the dark, reflected by the snow-covered ground, briefly turning night into a garish crimson day. Sparks whirled high on a backdrop of tree silhouettes. Laser fire seared above the fiery blaze.
Jaer glanced up at movement in the sky. The gleaming underbelly of an Interceptor flew low above him and turned in a tight arc. The fighter’s throbbing roar shook him to the bone. Weapons fired. Another explosion lit the dark, overhead this time. Chunks of flaming debris rained down on the forest ahead.
“There’s one down,” a deep male voice seethed behind Jaer in the transport.
Jaer frowned. “There are still four enemy ships flying against Cale’s and Tiar’s two.”
Blue-white laser fire flashed in the air, and for a moment, illuminated by arcing blasts of energy, small, agile craft darted at the larger Interceptors with fierce intention. The macabre scene reminded Jaer of the redwing aleun protecting his nest against the black croal—an aleun four times the redwing’s size. While the redwing and his mate swooped and dove at the larger croal, the croal’s mate plundered the eggs in the redwing’s nest.
Jaer grinned, but there was no humor behind the act. Tonight he employed the tactics of the croal.
Engines cut off with a sudden decisiveness, transports slid to a stop in the mix of mud and melting snow. What remained of the village burned on either side of the ticking, cooling vehicles. Jaer opened the hatch and jumped out, followed by six men and women, weapons drawn. Acrid smoke filled his nostrils and heat from the fires raked his exposed face. He glanced behind, as two other transports emptied seven men and women each. They moved forward to group around Jaer, surveying their surroundings, but no enemy soldiers rushed to attack from the shadows.
An Interceptor’s engines screamed in the night. Laser fire flashed. An explosion burst into an orange-red ball of flame, the detonation echoing in the expanse of forest.
They all gazed up and watched the blast expand, reach out, suck back in, and collapse.
Hunks of white-hot metal showered the forest to the left. The sky above Jaer rumbled with battle. Shockwaves cascaded over him, and the ground trembled through his boots.
“Two down,” the same male voice whispered.
“Make a sweep of the area,” Jaer mouthed, his voice muffled by yet another explosion.
The man held up three fingers and grinned, his blond hair orange in the fires above and below.
“Watch for ground troops.” Jaer motioned, sending half of the party to each side. They vanished beyond thick gray air and flames into the night.
Jaer slipped through swirling bitter smoke and melted into the shadows, alert to every movement, every sound. One more blast rocked the night, followed closely by a second. The two explosions merged into one long deafening roar.
Jaer nodded. “Four and five.” Low static hummed into his earpiece.
“We’ve cleared the small ships from the air. The area below is also clear.” More static crackled over Cale’s voice. “…recovery and rescue. Tiar and I will land to assist.”
Recovery and rescue. With any luck, there would be someone alive to rescue. Jaer moved out of concealment and into the street, the others from the transports joining him.
Cale and Tiar walked between dying flames, their white flight suits reflecting the orange glow of the fires. Reduced to low burning piles, the remains of the village snapped and popped.
A woman stepped forward and shook her head. Her heavy black coat and thick quilted pants rustled as she replaced her staser in the holster at her hip. “This doesn’t make sense. Why would they attack? For what purpose?”
“It does if it is a trap,” Jaer said, surveying the damage.
The same woman responded. “We weren’t attacked. How can it be a trap? There are no enemy soldiers here.”
“They’re here,” Cale said, “watching and waiting.” He tapped a spot behind his right ear. “Send in the HrCs [Hover Crafts, ‘Herks’] to evacuate survivors.” He tapped again and stared at the woman. “They hope we’ll lead them to our hiding place, and Erynn.”
Jaer stiffened.
“Are there survivors?” another Anbas, a man, asked in a low voice.
“Yes,” Tiar said, pointing to the woods.
Thirty people—men, women, and children—emerged from the trees.
Cale motioned for Tiar and Jaer to follow him. “The HrCs will take these people to Briste. Newell won’t concern himself or his men with them.”
“You are sure?” Jaer asked.
Cale faced Jaer. “Newell wants Erynn. He knows she’s here, somewhere. This Captain Faylen pursuing her won’t leave.” Cale gazed up to the sky. “Faylen sacrificed five ships and their crews to set this trap. His intent is to find us.”
The whop, whop, whop of rotors sounded through the dark.
“Two transports can return through the tunnel on the far side of the mountain. Tiar, you, and I will fly back toward Tamaagra, swing around, and approach the base under their scanners.” Cale smiled. “They never learn. This is our world.”
Five HrCs set down, displacing the air and causing the low flames devouring what remained of the village to leap with renewed vigor.
Smoke swirled, stinging Jaer’s eyes, the pungent scent burning his nose.
The survivors along with the six warriors that came with Jaer, climbed on board the HrCs, and a whine rose in five droning engines. Wind from the rotors whipped Jaer’s hair around his face and cleared the smoke from the area, the relief from stinging, choking air temporary. The ships rose, higher and faster. They banked away from the ruin of the village, but not toward Tamaagra or the hidden base.
Cale stared at Jaer. “You’re leaving? Returning to Glaskra?”
Jaer glanced at the one transport left. The flaring embers, once homes and businesses, glowed around him. “Yes. With twenty Anbas, I can set a secure perimeter around the base.” He glanced at Cale. “Faylen will continue to search. If he is allowed to get close, he will find us. If he finds us, he will find Erynn. I will stop him.”
“It’s a good plan. I appreciate your help. It’s unfortunate you have to contact your people in person. But all other methods are too risky.” Cale sighed. “Did you tell Erynn what you’re doing?”
“No. It is better this way.”
“For who? You or her?”
Jaer turned on Cale and frowned. “I am not good at this. The concept of a relationship is new to me. I am doing the best I can.” Jaer’s eyes locked on Cale. “My reputation with women to this point never involved love.”



Chapter 43


GROUNDED DUE TO FAYLEN’S CONCENTRATED efforts to find the base, Erynn didn’t get her chance to fly, her aspiration again postponed.
General Athru spent the next few days in strategy meetings going over intelligence gathered as new information came to them—planning war took time.
Erynn divided her days into several activities. She spent long sessions on the computer learning about Arranon. She wandered around the interior of the massive base. In the training room, she tried to dampen her worry, and anger, with a good workout, finding exercise only a temporary fix.
Jaer could have told me of his plan to return to Glaskra, to bring additional Anbas. Maybe his intentions weren’t what I believed. Or he’s changed his mind. Maybe he’s found a way to leave me. His long absence added irritation to her concern whether he would make it back and caused doubt to grow in her heart.

***

One evening, unable to sit in her quarters or the common room any longer, Erynn opted for another session of exercise, asking Tam to join her. Men and women lined the long wall of weights in the training room, sweating and groaning, as they lifted and lowered with slow attention to detail. Toward the center of the room, a square of thick mats covered the floor. A group stood there, listening and watching while a man taught self-defense moves.
Erynn walked over. The instructor was familiar, and Erynn sensed she’d seen him before. Or someone like him.
Tam followed.
A young woman with long blonde hair and dark-blue eyes glanced at Erynn and moved to stand next to her. “Hi, I’m Kira. I work in the medical unit.” She smiled and her cheeks dimpled. “Where do you two work?”
“Nowhere, right now,” Erynn mumbled and frowned. “I’m Erynn.” She gave Kira a weak smile.
“I’m Tam.” Tam nodded in Kira’s direction.
“Nice to meet you. You haven’t been here long, have you?” She didn’t wait for an answer. “Don’t worry. They’ll find you something to do.” Her grin widened. “Maybe in the kitchens.”
The door whooshed open and then closed. The instructor paused in his explanation of breaking a chokehold and turned.
Jaer walked to the edge of the mat, opposite Erynn, and stopped.
Erynn smiled, her first response at seeing Jaer, and then frowned, annoyance pushing aside her rush of relief.
Jaer stared at Erynn, and tipped his head, his brow furrowing. He glanced at Tam and nodded.
“Jaer, you’re just in time to help.” The instructor smiled. “There are more interested in learning defense moves than I expected.”
“Yes. Please. Help,” Kira whispered.
Erynn and Tam both looked over at Kira, her eyes sparkling with eagerness.
“I would be glad to help, Aven.”
“Aven,” Erynn whispered. “He was at Glaskra. That’s why I recognize him.”
“You know him, the instructor?” Tam grinned. “He’s cute.”
“Yeah, cute. But I don’t know him. Not really,” Erynn said, shaking her head.
Jaer tugged off his jacket and pulled his shirt over his head, followed by a thick undershirt, tossing the items against the wall behind him. Muscles rippled under smooth bare skin.
Kira took in a sharp intake of breath.
Jaer stepped across the circle. “You. Come here.” He took Erynn’s hand and pulled her to the center. He glanced at Aven. “This is Erynn. You did not get introduced at Glaskra.” He let go of her and put his hands up, curling his fingers in a ‘bring it on gesture’. Jaer tipped his head and grinned. “Now is your chance.”
“What do you mean?” Erynn murmured and glanced around at the people watching.
“You are angry with me. Let it out.” Jaer spoke in a breathy whisper only she heard.
“No.” She wasn’t exactly angry—more disappointed and confused—and…okay, angry, but she didn’t intend to sort out her emotions here, in front of everyone.
“Oh. I’ll volunteer.” Kira said, bouncing on her toes.
Jaer turned to Kira and his smile expanded.
Erynn pivoted her hips, rocked back, and kicked straight out. He caught her foot in his hand, lifted, and tipped her over backward.
She landed hard on the mat.
Aven laughed and stepped out of the battle zone.
Jaer held his hand out to Erynn.
Erynn took his offered assistance, but instead of pulling herself up, she put her feet against his legs and pushed, jerking forward on his arm. The effort was enough to throw Jaer off balance. He somersaulted over her, landing on his back with a resounding thud. Erynn scrambled to stand but before she could gain her footing, he reached out, grabbed her ankle, and twisted. She dropped down again, face smacking the mat.
Jaer hurried to lean over her. “You all right?”
“I’m fine.” She sniffed, blinked her eyes against the sharp pain, and rubbed at her forehead.
He jumped up, beckoning her to stand.
Erynn pushed to her feet, then wiped at her nose. She pivoted, starting her kick.
“There,” Jaer yelled, stopping her assault. He walked around the inner edge of the group, making eye contact with those assembled.
Stopped mid-kick, Erynn stepped back, and braced her stance.
“Every time Erynn attacks, she leads with her hip.” He leaned in, whispering in her ear. “I know exactly what you are about to do.”
Erynn straightened, considering what he told her. She spun, rounding on him with a punch, then a kick.
He dodged her fist and again took her foot, putting her down on the mat, hard.
“Never turn your back on your opponent.” Jaer again talked to those observing.
Erynn glanced around. People using the weights stopped and stood watching. She rolled over and pushed up from the floor.
“What is with all this spinning?” Jaer grinned. “Are we dancing or fighting?”
“You dance?” Erynn asked, panting. She rushed forward and grasped his waist. Her nose pressed against the hard muscles of his bare chest and she shoved. He barely swayed under her drive. His spicy scent made her dizzy. His long dark hair tickled her face. She pushed away, sweat trickling down her cheeks. Wispy curls came loose from her braid, sticking to her face, and she brushed away the errant strands.
“Getting tired?”
“This…is…impossible.” Erynn said between breaths and frowned.
Kira began to bounce again. “I’ll try.”
Jaer didn’t acknowledge Kira this time. “It is possible. You are using your energy to affect my mass. That will not work. You need to learn how to use my energy against me.”
“How?” Erynn wiped her stinging eyes.
“I will teach you.” Jaer motioned to Aven.
Erynn backed up to stand by Tam.
Jaer and Aven worked together, demonstrating the ways to expend an attacker’s power—to turn the assault and use the opponent’s actions against them.
Aven turned to the group when they’d finished. “Let’s pair off and practice what you’ve been shown.”
Kira rushed to Jaer. “Will you teach me?” She reached out, touched his hand, and traced her finger over his.
Erynn crossed her arms and glared at Kira. Tam’s hand in the small of her back pushed her forward. “Stop it!” Erynn hissed.
“I am sorry,” Jaer said to Kira. He walked to Erynn and put his arm around her. “I only teach Erynn. Aven will help you.”
“Oh. I see.” Kira’s dimpled smile vanished.
Jaer guided Erynn to a quiet corner. “Are you still mad? Do you want to fight with me some more?” He leaned against the stone wall, smiling.
Her irritation, confusion, and worry faded. His eyes drew her, drinking her in, and she surrendered. Her annoyance gone, Erynn looked up at him. “Why—”
He put a finger over her lips. “Give me time, Erynn. There are things I need to learn about…us. I am still adjusting to the fact that I love you.”
Her head rocked back and she sucked in a breath. “You…love me?”
Jaer smiled. “Yes, I do.” He glanced around. The noise in the room increased as the pairs became comfortable throwing each other around the mat. “Can we continue this in private? My quarters. We should talk.”
“About what?” Erynn asked, frowning. She’d heard this speech. I love you but… She remembered her first real relationship—not the dates asked from the dares of boys challenging each other to spend time with the commanding general’s strange daughter. Henra’s was an honest friendship that blossomed into a painful crush.
Henra’s parents learned of his relationship with Erynn and demanded the friendship stop. They cited her youth, and she was the commanding general’s daughter, his mother’s superior. “And besides,” they said, “there’s something very odd about that girl.”
Erynn and Henra continued to see each other in secret, but his parents found out. Henra’s mother requested a transfer, and they moved. Erynn never saw or heard from Henra again.
Jaer pulled on his shirt. He tugged on her braid and grinned. “I just want to talk to you, Erynn. I would like to get to know you.” He thrust his arms into his jacket, staring at her. “Would you like to know more about me?”
Erynn glanced at Kira, her mouth drawn into a pout. “You’re upsetting Kira.”
Jaer frowned at Erynn. “She does not want us to talk?”
“No.” Erynn shook her head, still watching Kira. “She liked it when you took your shirt off.”
Jaer’s gaze darted to Kira, and his frown deepened. “Get your jacket.”
“Where’s Tam?”
“Tam is fine. She is getting a private lesson from Aven.”
Erynn searched the room and found them.
Aven laughed, helping Tam up from the mat, obviously enjoying the one-on-one instruction.
“Do you know him?” Erynn looked from Aven to Jaer, narrowing her eyes.
Jaer chuckled. “Aven is my brother.” He shrugged. “And he is Anbas.”
“Your brother? Do you have other brothers or sisters? Where was Aven? When did he get here?”
He laughed again. “See? We should talk.”

***

Jaer’s quarters were larger than Erynn’s. He handed her a beoir and motioned to a chair opposite the sleeping cubicle. The bed was bigger, too. He sat in the desk chair and took a drink. “I talked to my mother about you.”
The bottle to her lips, Erynn choked and sputtered before she got the mouthful swallowed. “Your mother? Why?”
“Did you ever talk to your mother before she died? About important things?” Jaer asked, frowning.
“My mother died before I was a day old.”
He stared at the floor. “I am sorry.”
“What’s your mother like?” Erynn smiled, thinking about Jaer as a little boy.
“You will like her.” He grinned. “She is eager to meet you.” Jaer told her about his father and two brothers—Aven, the youngest brother, and Rias, the oldest. He also had a younger sister, Jena, the baby of the family. He talked about growing up and always knowing he would be Anbas.
Erynn listened and enjoyed the sound of his voice, sensing his love for his family.
He stopped talking and watched her. “You are tired.” He crouched next to her. “Stay with me?”
She glanced at the bed. “I don’t—”
“No.” Jaer said, his tone hard. His voice softened. “Like we did in the forest. I just want you close.”
She smiled.
“You take the washroom first. You know how to get something to sleep in.”
She came out, the room dark, the bed turned down.
He kissed her on the forehead as he slipped past her and shut the door.
She dozed off, jumping when he slid his arms around her. “Jaer?”
“I am here. I have you, Erynn.” He kissed the top of her head, his breath warm.
She shivered and curled in against him. “I’m scared, Jaer. And angry, and happy. Feelings struggle for control inside me. I can’t lose…you.”
“It is all right, Kipa,” he whispered in her ear and stroked her hair. “I am not going anywhere.”
Kipa. The old language. My heart, my life, my soul.
Bright blue static wound around, swirling and joining, until a soft cobalt mist enveloped them.



Chapter 44


THE NEXT DAY, BEFORE DAWN, Jaer took Aven and several Anbas outside the base to set up a safe perimeter in addition to the one established by General Athru.
Restless energy caused Erynn to again wander the warrens of the base. She found a long set of stairs and climbed to an area she hadn’t yet explored. The steps ended in a small chamber high on the mountain, full of bright sunlight from wide windows ringing the space. Sunshine reflected off sparkling snow, the deep green of the tree line far below a vivid contrast to the granite mountain crags. For the first time since arriving on Arranon, Erynn felt the warmth of the sun radiated through the thick, clear panels.
Heat burned inside her also—a happiness she’d never experienced before. She smiled. Jaer would be back soon, and they would have dinner together. She looked forward to talking with him, hearing more about his life, and sharing her past with him. Jaer was home for her.
She sat on a window ledge, tipped her head back, and closed her eyes. The red-orange light she expected under her lids didn’t come. Instead, blue, purple, and green pinpoints awaited her. She took in a breath, the air scented with the familiar sweet, spicy aroma of the Anim Blath. The underlying silence held no trace of high voices or a keening wind, but that of a strong presence filled the room. Erynn opened her eyes and stood up.
Zander materialized in the center of the space and glanced out one of the windows. “I see you made it to the mountain base…and Cale.”
“Yes. Thanks. For your help, I mean.”
He smiled. “You look like your mother. She was an incredible woman. You are very like her.”
Erynn glanced at pools of sunlight overlapping on the stone floor then returned her attention to the spectral vision of her dead father. She wanted to ask him about her mother, and their relationship. His pleasant expression gone, she asked instead, “What?” The space took on an ominous chill.
“I have to ask a difficult task of you.” His hands fisted at his sides.
“Go ahead,” Erynn murmured. Her stomach tumbled, and the floor seemed to drop several centimeters under her feet. “It must be important.”
“It is vital. This could mean the end of the invasion against Arranon and Korin.
“You have a way to overcome the alien force?” Erynn smiled. “But this is good news.”
Zander dipped his head. The anguish in his brown eyes caused them to darken. “Yes, this could work, but the cost…” He shook his head. “I wish there was another way.” He took a step forward and stopped. “You need to surrender to Faylen.”
“What!” Erynn’s voice echoed in the small circular room. His solution to the invasion was no longer an advantage—not for her. “Why? What good will that do? I can’t fight—”
“Arranon and Korin combined will never win against this enemy,” he interrupted. “They are too powerful.”
“How, then? How does turning myself over to Faylen defeat our enemy?”
“Faylen is already weakening. He is disgusted by Newell’s decision to destroy Arranon. Turn Faylen’s heart while he is Newell’s chosen champion and in favor. Make Faylen see. Let him feel what he has lost. When he understands, perhaps he will aid us.”
“What he has lost? I don’t understand.” Erynn shook her head and her forehead creased. “Perhaps? And if he doesn’t?” Erynn stiffened at the imagined conclusion.
Zander turned away. His sigh filled the space with a frosty wind. “A war will destroy Arranon and Korin. The enemy will get what they want.”
“You want me to seduce him?” Erynn whispered. She shivered and crossed her arms. “I’ll fail for sure. You should find someone more…experienced.”
“No, I don’t want you to seduce him, not in the way you’re thinking. Only you can show him the heart of Arranon. No one else can do this, Erynn.” He reached up and sunshine filtered through his open hand, light splitting into a prism of colors against the floor. “Faylen’s help is our only hope.”
“You want me to show him the magic of Arranon?”
Zander closed his hand and dropped his arm. “You are the magic. Erynn, you are the storm of Arranon.” He turned and faced her again. “Find a way to remain here, on Arranon, for a while before Faylen takes you to his vessel.”
“His ship?” Erynn shuddered.
Zander watched her, silent.
“Okay, I’m going to end up on the ship. What then?” The shudder turned to shaking.
“Stay as close to Faylen as you can. He must help you destroy Newell and his vessel. When the ship’s gone, supplies of men and weapons cut off, and with Newell dead, the battle here and on Korin can be won.”
Erynn took in a trembling breath. “When?”
“Now.”
“But I—”
“No. Jaer will know something is wrong. He won’t let you do this if you see him before you go.” His hand came forward and moved across her cheek with an icy touch. “I told you this wouldn’t be easy.”
“You’re sure this is the only way?” Erynn stared at the rough floor. The tingling building inside her wasn’t power. The sting biting at her was fear.
“As sure as we can be.”
The bubbling sensation that usually preceded Zander rippled over her. She floated in warmth and let go of her mounting panic.
“Calm,” he whispered.
“Trust,” the high singing voices of the Anim Blath chimed.
Erynn’s consciousness returned as desperate fingers of sunlight gripped the mountaintop, resisting the push of darkness. Gray shadow warriors pried away the day’s hold claiming the night.
Alone in the dim chamber, her first impulse was to ignore Zander’s request—or at least not make a decision like this alone. She should talk with General Athru. He told her she could come to him, about anything. And this was something. Also, she knew Zander was correct. If Jaer knew what she planned—and he deserved to know—he wouldn’t let her go.
No, not true. Jaer won’t let me go alone. Not good. If I don’t try this, Jaer will die. His family, all the families on Arranon and Korin will die. The maejen, the aleun, the capora—gone. The forests, the seas, towns and cities—all gone. I might survive for a while, but could I live with my decision, my cowardice?
She stared out the clear panels as a single star became visible in the purpling sky. “Zander died to defend Arranon—his life’s pursuit. Damon died protecting Korin—his duty. I will do what I must, my part in this war, to try and save both worlds.” She nodded slowly, her eyes not focusing. She saw only the blurred, merging colors beyond the windows, dark and lonely. “Responsibility,” she whispered and wiped her eyes.
Erynn hurried down the stairs and through the corridors to her quarters. Inside, she stared at the chair in front of the desk and remembered Jaer, holding her in the dark, kissing her. She blinked back new tears. Why am I here? There’s nothing I have to take with me—only memories.
She hurried back out the door, smiling at people she passed in the dim tunnels, faking normal. I’m good at acting. Lot’s of practice.
She wiped the back of her sleeve across her eyes again. “Don’t lose courage. Keep moving. Go. Where?” She slowed her pace. “Think.” The answer came to her. “The transport bay.”
The least guarded access to the base, due to the solid stone hiding the entrance.
Timing on her side, she arrived at shift change and walked in with the next duty crew. Her heart leapt, skipped, and refused to beat for a long, painful moment. Jaer stood outside the access tunnel.
Erynn darted behind a large cargo transport, pressing her body to the cold metal. She watched Jaer from where she hid as he put his arm around Aven’s shoulder, and the two men laughed. Other Anbas joined in.
She wanted to go to him, ask him about his day, and learn why he laughed, again considering ignoring what Zander asked of her. She could just go to Jaer. Throw her arms around him. Tell him she loved him too. “If I love him, I’ll go through with this.” She bit her lip, closed her eyes, and listened to Jaer’s voice, his breathing, and his heartbeat as he passed her hiding spot.
After she could no longer hear them in the transport bay, Erynn moved through murky pools of shadows, her back against the wall leading to the tunnel. Once inside and concealed in darkness, she glanced back. No one had noticed her. She felt her way down the rough stone surface, no Anim Blath to light her way this time.
At the end of the wide corridor, she found the panel that controlled the stone access and depressed a button. The door rumbled to a full open position. She tapped the switch again, and the access panel ground slowly closed. Erynn stepped out into the dying light of dusk, turned, and watched the stone reseal, the grinding carrying a hopeless finality. A warm tear slid down the cold skin of her cheek, and she ran.
Forlorn howls split the silence of the hushed evening. The maejen knew of her intent. At the edge of the forest, black shadows shifted—three adult katjarmuuds prowling under the trees. Erynn stepped forward.
The katjaramuud on the right crouched, a low rumbling growl issuing from deep in his throat. The other two backed up, ducking behind the first.
As large as a capora, their bodies were much thicker. Powerful legs ended in large, broad paws with sharp claws. Short pointed ears stuck out from dense tawny fur on round heads, black rings circling yellow eyes.
Erynn inched closer. The three animals remained low, their posture submissive. “Kathmajoo. Camorra nah al halwan.” Their heads rested on paws, staring up at her through glowing eyes. “I have to get around the sensors in the woods. Can you help me?”
A low growl came from the lead animal. Together, all three raised their heads and looked to the right. The two in the back stood up, stubby tails twitching.
“I guess that means yes. Okay, let’s go.” Erynn moved next to the leader.
He pushed into a sitting position and leaned toward Erynn, sniffing at her hair and then her jacket. With a loud snort, he pushed his powerful haunches against the ground, springing up.
A musky male odor wafted to her. “You don’t smell so good either.” She stepped in line to follow him, the two others trailing behind.
Stars blinked into existence in the open sky above the trees. Erynn kept pace with her escorts, refusing to think about what she did—she couldn’t, wouldn’t allow the possibility of losing courage and turning back. Her thoughts would have only circled endlessly from Jaer to the alien presence she was about to surrender to anyway. Time ceased. She just kept moving toward whatever fate held. The katjaramuud led her to the smoldering remains of the village. The unpleasant scent of bitter smoke drifted in the light breeze.
People died here, murdered.
One of the animals raised his head high and sniffed the air. He opened his mouth and a mournful cry issued from the depths of his soul. The anguished call tore at Erynn’s heart.
This killing must stop.
She moved forward, her boots crunching through ice formed after the heat from the fires died and cold returned. The rumble of an engine resonated ahead. Lights bounced among the tree trunks, creating a pattern of lacy, deep-purple shadows through leaves.
Faylen.
Erynn turned in a slow circle, alone, her escorts vanishing into the dark recesses of the forest.
They’d served their purpose.
The heavy transport lumbered forward and she shielded her eyes from the bright bank of lights glaring from the railing attached to the roof. The vehicle hissed, clanking to a stop, and the hatch hummed open.
Faylen emerged, smiling. “Erynn Yager.”
Erynn straightened, her heartbeat pounding in her throat, in her temples, and in the tips of her fingers. She took in a steadying breath. “I’m prepared to go with you.”



Chapter 45


“ERYNN IS GONE,” JAER WHISPERED, his voice flat. He stood in Cale’s office, staring at the blank stone wall behind the desk.
“Wait for Tiar.” Cale sighed and put his head in his hands.
“He has not found her. He would have told us.” Jaer’s chin dropped. “You know Erynn is gone.”
Cale raised his head and folded his hands, squeezing them until his knuckles blanched. “What are you going to do, Jaer?”
Jaer straightened, taking in a deep breath. “I asked Erynn to trust me. She did. Now it is my turn to trust her.” He stared dully at Cale. “I will remain here—finish what I started.” His hands fisted. “I will fight when the time comes.” A slight smile touched his lips. “I will wait for Erynn to come back to me.”

***

Jaer moved through dim corridors, vaguely aware of people passing him. He found himself at the door to his quarters and hesitated. Erynn’s presence would be there, her sweet scent, the echo of her laughter, and the memory of her warm touch. He gritted his teeth and opened the door to a dark silence that welcomed him. He dropped down on the bed, arm covering his eyes.
This alien enemy necessitated him leaving his home and family. In the village, they killed Arranons, his people. They had taken Erynn from him again. His fingers curled, nails cutting into his palm. If they didn’t find a way to stop Newell, everyone on Arranon and Korin would be victims of this alien machine. All life would cease.
“I hope you have a good plan, Kipa.”
A chime sounded in his quarters. Jaer leapt from the bed and opened the door.
Tiar stood silhouetted in the dark corridor. He shook his head. “No. Nothing. I’m sorry.”
“Erynn doesn’t want us to find her.” Jaer swung away from the door, sitting heavily on the edge of the bed.
“Exactly.” Tiar entered. “Cale wants to see you. He thinks he knows what Erynn may be up to.” He pulled Jaer into the hall. “We have to be ready. Her plan might work.”
“Plan? What plan?” Jaer stopped in the corridor. “How can you know what Erynn has planned?”
Tiar smiled, a rare occurrence. “Our bond, our connection with each other, grows.”
They hurried through the tunnels, their passage echoing around them. The door to Cale’s office slid open, the room full, everyone talking at once.
Cale leaned against the edge of his desk. “Erynn may just save us,” he said and beamed.



Chapter 46


ERYNN REPRESSED A SHIVER. ICY air burned her throat and sent a chill spreading from her core.
Faylen approached, boots crunching through the ice. He continued to smile, his eyes darting from the surrounding forest to her and back to the trees. “What brought on this change of heart?”
She let out a held breath, the plume misting, billowing, then disappearing. The tops of the trees swayed in a sudden frosty gust.
Faylen’s attention shot from her to survey the forest again. He gazed up, his expression wary.
“Change of heart. Interesting choice of words.” She glanced at the two soldiers in full body armor flanking Faylen. They held weapons ready. “I’ll come with you. They aren’t necessary.”
Faylen’s eyes narrowed and he laughed. “You’ll understand if I don’t believe you.” He tipped his head and frowned. “Why, Erynn?”
Erynn gazed around at the burned-out ruins of the village, and sighed. “I’ll not be the reason for any more murders.”
“Murders?” Faylen shook his head. “Their deaths were simply a means to an end, casualties of war.”
“You killed innocent people,” Erynn snapped. “They didn’t know where I was.”
He relaxed his stance, clasping his hands in front of him. “Regardless, what I did worked. You’re here.” He stepped closer, took her arm, and tugged lightly. “Let’s go.”
Erynn jerked out of his grasp and pushed ahead of him to the transport. “I said I’d come with you.” A frown etched her face, pulling at her lips, and tugging at her eyes. Before stepping inside, she glanced up the mountain. Dark shadows moved among the trees.
Maejen? The katjaramuud? Will I ever see this place, or Jaer, again?
Faylen stood at her back, his warm breath on her neck. But he didn’t touch her.
I can do this. I must do this. She took in a deep breath and let the air shudder out through her open lips. Erynn straightened, squeezed her eyes shut for a brief moment, opened them, and climbed into the transport.
Faylen sat next to her and gestured to the harness. “Strap in.” He buckled into his own restraints.
The two soldiers pushed up front, into the control compartment.
Erynn tightened her straps, alone with Faylen. “What now?” She stared up into his cold brown eyes. Something flickered there—a spark of warmth, of compassion, the ice melting.
Thawing.
He turned away from her scrutiny and studied the instrument panel before him. “You could tell me where you’ve been.” He reached out and depressed a small button. Dim, yellow light cast an eerie glow over the black-and-gray interior of the transport.
“I was on the mountain.” Erynn glanced into corners and under seats where shadows crouched.
“There’s nothing there.”
“Nothing? I guess you would see the forest as nothing.”
“Where are your friends, what’s left of them? Who died in the crash with the big man in black?”
Erynn dropped her gaze. Her stomach did a little roll. Thoughts of Jaer brought a deep ache closing in around her heart. “Roni.” Erynn’s hands fisted. “Roni was with him in Tamaagra.” This was the truth. She could tell from Faylen’s reaction, his nod, that the pained expression on her face worked. Her hurt was real. “If I tell you where Tiar and Sean are, will you leave them alone? They can’t harm you.”
He nodded.
“They’re still hiding on the mountain.” More truth. She studied the floor, plates of heavy steel bolted together at odd angles.
“What about the rescue party? Where did they come from?”
Erynn shrugged. “The Interceptors flew toward Tamaagra. That was all I saw.” Rough seams joined the thick metal, darker than the smooth sections of flat steel.
His eyes narrowed but he flicked a switch next to him. “Move out.” The transport rattled to life and lurched into a forward motion.
She continued to stare at the floor. “So, what now?”
“We’ll return to Tamaagra. In the morning, I’ll take you to Korin, to Admiral Newell. He’s looking forward to meeting you.”
She sensed his pride in his accomplishing this duty and bringing her to Newell. She took in a deep breath, air shuddering out. “Is what Birk told me true? Is Damon dead?”
“Damon?” Faylen turned to her, frowning. “Yes, your father is dead. He refused to cooperate. Admiral Newell had no choice. It would have been dangerous to let him live.” He paused. “These are the simple facts, Erynn. Sentiment doesn’t matter. You either assist us or die.”
“Was it always like this with you?” The floor blurred. She wiped the back of her hand across her eyes. Fresh pain burst in her heart at this reminder of her dad’s death. Her stomach rolled and her head spun. Sweat bathed her face. Heat flared through her, the air inside the transport stale and hot. “Can you get some cool air back here? I. Can’t. Breathe.”
She reached down, unstrapped the harness, and pulled at her coat. The transport rolled up, over something large and hard, bouncing back to the ground. Thrown from her seat, Erynn’s forehead and palms slammed against the cold metal of the floor. The icy chill eased the fire inside her.
Faylen pulled at her jacket, putting her back in the seat. He fumbled for the straps, trying to buckle them.
“No.” Erynn grabbed his hands. The air popped and snapped with a powerful electric charge. Tendrils of blue static wound around her, entwined her fingers with his.
He hissed in a breath, stopped moving, and stared at her. His warm hands compressed hers. Erynn gazed inside this man, beyond his hard exterior. His dream tore across her mind—the woman, a warm sunny day…the love this woman had for him.
His mother.
His anguish and love for his mother, ripped from him. Erynn understood his fear that this vision was real, not a dream, his mother murdered when they took him. They had trained and shaped him to be a killing machine, but he wasn’t. Buried deep inside his shell of hate, of loathing, there was still life and love in him.
She pulled away, sliding her hands free, and the static disappeared.
Faylen pressed his back against the seat, panting. “What…what did you…do to me?” His voice came out in a weak whisper.
Air inside the transport took on the familiar sweet, spicy aroma.
Faylen glanced about, wrinkling his nose. “What is that? Where is that scent coming from?”
“You can smell the Anim Blath?” Erynn choked out the words and inhaled deeply. She took energy from the reassuring aroma and straightened, her eyes wide as she watched Faylen.
The transport bucked to a halt. One of the soldiers turned in his seat. “Yes, sir?” His voice was mechanical under the helmet.
“Why did you stop?” Faylen glared at Erynn and then to the soldier. “Keep moving. I want out of this forest.”
“My mistake, Captain. I thought you ordered a stop.” The two men up front glanced at each other and then back out the wide clear panel. The transport lumbered forward, stopping again. “Sir, is there a problem? Should we go or stay?”
Faylen unbuckled, stood up, and slammed his hand against the door’s control panel. The access slid open with a soft whoosh, an icy breeze swirling inside.
Erynn took the fresh air into her lungs, closing her eyes, and her face cooled. Better. She opened her eyes.
Faylen watched her, his mouth slack. “I guess you got your fresh air.” He stood there, studying her. “Let me know when we can proceed.”
“Can we stay here a little longer, with the door open?” Erynn stared outside. “There’s nothing out there.”
He surveyed the forest. “Would you tell me if there was?” He turned his gaze back to her. “How did you do that?” His features softened, his eyes a warm brown.
Thawing.
“What? I’m not sure I did anything.”
“Then how?” He glanced forward, to the two men sitting stiffly straight and staring ahead through the panel. “You’re telling me that Arranon, or the life here…” He pushed back the hood of his jacket, wiping his hand across the smooth skin of his scalp. He dropped next to her, leaning his head in his hands. “I can’t accept a supernatural explanation. The suggestion must have come from you, from the power of your mind.” He dropped his hands and turned to her. “That is something that can be measured and proved—not some living force from a hunk of rock.”
“Just because you can’t measure her power, touch her energy, or see her force, doesn’t mean Arranon’s consciousness doesn’t exist.” Erynn took another lungful of cold, fresh air. “I’ve lived with this all my life.” She couldn’t help the small smile that touched her lips. “She’s real—I’m real.” Her smile gone, she stared at him. “Are you trying to tell me it’s all in my head?”
“Doesn’t matter.” He faced the open door and squinted into the dark.
“This mattered to you once.”
“My only concern is getting you to Newell. Then you’re his problem.”
Newell, not Admiral Newell.
“I’m not Newell’s problem.”
His head whipped around.
“We can leave now. Thank you. I feel better.”
Faylen stood up, closed the door, and commanded the driver, “Go.” He sat back down and secured his harness. “You should buckle in,” he said without looking at her.
The transport jerked and bounced, traversing the steep incline. Far below, the lights of Tamaagra glowed out of the dark.
Erynn shook her head. Her trek up had taken two days. They came down the mountain in less than a night.
The transport rumbled to a stop in front of a tall stone-and-glass building.
Soldiers in mottled brown-and-tan armor holding weapons ready, and others in dark-gray officer’s uniforms, came forward when the hatch opened. They made a line on each side as Faylen emerged.
Erynn watched the activity around her.
Faylen stared at her. “It’s too late to change your mind,” he said, and smiled.
She glared at him. “I’m not changing my mind.” She stood up and stepped out of the transport. An overwhelming sensation of fear slammed into her. She staggered under the weight before envisioning the narrowing tunnel, closing off their emotions. “Tell them I’m not going to do anything,” she whispered.
“Why? Shouldn’t they be wary of you?”
“Their fear—it’s so strong. I…they’re afraid of me.” She stumbled on the walkway.
Faylen grabbed her arm and steadied her.
“I won’t hurt them. None of this is their fault.”
“Is what’s happening my fault?” he asked with a small, shaky voice.
“You might want to believe that, but it isn’t true.” Erynn glanced up at him. “You can let go of me. I’m all right now.”
He rushed her through the building and up several floors to a secure room. Guards lined the hallway like they had on the walk. Once inside, she realized she was in a visitor center, in an exclusive guest suite. She stood in a sitting room with two couches, an oblong table between them, and a dining set with four chairs before a wide window covered by heavy drapes. Doors on either side of the opulent room lead to bedrooms.
Faylen peeled off his jacket. “Are you hungry? I can order anything you want.” He dropped onto one of the sofas and pulled off his boots. He stood up and stripped his shirt over his head, followed by another shirt. His bare chest rippled with muscles. He reached down and began to unbuckle his pants.
“Wait. What are you doing?” Erynn backed up.
Faylen frowned, tipping his head. “I’m getting out of these clothes. So I can clean up. I’ve been wearing them for days.”
“Well, undress in there.” Erynn pointed to the door behind him.
His frown deepened. A chime sounded. Faylen walked to the door and slid it open.
A woman with long dark hair and wide green eyes stood there. She smiled when she saw Faylen. “Not tonight.” He shook his head and glanced back at Erynn. The woman put on a pout, ran her finger down his smooth, bare chest, and walked away. Faylen turned when the door glided shut.
Erynn closed her mouth and straightened. “Not tonight what?” She put her hand up, her face warming. “Never mind. I don’t want to know.”
He stood there, hands on his hips, smiling. “Sex is a physical need, Erynn—like eating and sleeping. Together, in balance, they keep the mind focused, sharp. What’s wrong?”
“That’s all, a physical need? What about love and commitment?”
“Love confuses the mind. It gets in the way of duty and purpose.” He dropped his arms and stepped toward the center of the room. “Some of us are chosen to reproduce when necessary. But only the best.” He was no longer smiling.
She stared at the carpeted floor. “Yeah, I got that impression,” she whispered. Curious, she returned her attention to him. “Have you…been ‘chosen’?”
He sat on the couch and gazed up at her. “Many times.”
“You have children?”
“I guess—somewhere.”
“You’ve never seen them?”
His jaw tightened. “No. Contact is not allowed.” He stood up and finished unbuckling his pants. “I’m taking a shower. Want to join me?”
“No.” Erynn turned and slapped her hand against the panel to open the door opposite the one Faylen walked toward. She vanished into the dark room, punching the inner panel and locking the door. She sat on the edge of the bed, staring out the window at the night, watching stars track across the sky, losing herself, and time.
A soft tapping sounded at her door.
“Go away.”
He sighed on the other side. The knock repeated.
“What?”
His voice came through muffled. “I ordered food. You didn’t tell me what you wanted. So I got a little of everything.”
Erynn’s stomach growled and she yielded, unlocking the door. She slid the meager barrier only partially open. At least he had clothes on. A neat gray uniform accentuated his muscular build. The door glided open and she walked to the table, surveyed her choices, and grabbed one. She turned, moving back to her room.
“Wait. Sit out here. I like talking to you.”
Thawing.
Erynn stopped, closed her eyes, opened them, and pivoted. She returned to the table and sat opposite him. “What do you want to talk about?”
Faylen shrugged. “Do you have any questions?”
She nodded. “When you deliver me to Newell, what then? Where do you go?” Erynn stared at the food on the table.
He reached over, opened her choice, and placed the food in front of her. “I’ll be staying with you while you’re on Korin. Newell trusts me with you. No, that’s not exactly correct.” He chuckled. “He trusts you when I’m around.”
Newell.
Erynn forced herself to eat. “And then?”
“I don’t know. At some point you will be taken to the ship.
“Will you be going with me when that happens?” She took another bite, not knowing what she ate. Her sense of taste was dead to flavor, the act of eating mechanical—a physical need with no enjoyment.
“Do you want me to, Erynn?”
“Yes, I think I do.”



Chapter 47


WATERY GRAY LIGHT SLIPPED AROUND the edges of the heavy drapes in Erynn’s room. She lay on her side, confused at first. There are no drapes or windows in my quarters.
Her stomach tightened. She wasn’t in her quarters. Jaer wasn’t in the room next to her. She sat up, swung her legs over the side of the bed, and pushed curls from her eyes. Her boots stood next to a chair to the right of the window.
Faylen sat there, watching her.
“I locked the door. How did you get in?”
He snorted softly. “Erynn, you really don’t believe you would have that much freedom, do you?”
“No, I guess not.” She stared at the floor. The carpet was a thick, deep-blue, appearing black in the dim light. She remembered the pond and the meadow—how they first appeared to her, the water dark and still, and the long abandoned cabin. She thought of the maejen coming into her camp, to protect her each night.
I wish I were there. But if I don’t do this, that place and all of Arranon and Korin will cease to exist.
“I brought you clean clothes.” He gestured to the foot of the bed.
Erynn glanced at them—a gray uniform, similar to the one he wore. She nodded. “I see. I must be presentable to Newell.”
“It’s not that, Erynn. You look…good. In fact, you’re quite striking. Your pale-blue eyes shine against your dark-red hair and fair skin.” He sighed, his attention on the clothes, not on her. “It’s just easier this way, less complicated.”
“Has your life ever been complicated?” She stood up and reached for the uniform, her back to him. “You don’t have to answer that. It’s none of my business.”
Faylen touched the base of a lamp next to him. Bright light came on, chasing shadows out of the corners. “Yes. There was a time, I think.”
Erynn turned. “You think?” Her soft voice encouraged him to talk.
He stared at the wall, his eyes glassy. “There’s this one memory…or a dream. I’m not sure. It feels real, like it actually happened.” His eyes came into focus. He tipped his head and watched her. “I believe my home, my world, was conquered, used up, as yours is about to be. They took me as a small child, seeing some potential. My family was left behind, killed or left to die.”
“They? You sound so factual, so cold. Doesn’t this bother you?” She sat on the foot of the bed. “Why can’t your people, Newell, join a world, fit in and become members of the population? Why is it necessary to destroy? You could settle in—stop fighting, live in peace.”
“They have lived in space, in ships, for so long, I don’t think most would tolerate the transition.”
“Some would. You would.”
A chime sounded in the outer room. He stood up and crossed the small space to the door. He faced the access and hesitated. “You need to dress. You won’t be disturbed. Take your time.” Faylen glanced over his shoulder. “It’s too late for me.” The door glided open and he walked through, closing it behind him.

***

Erynn emerged later, wearing the slightly baggy uniform.
Faylen stood holding back the drape in his right hand and peered out the window. Rain blurred the glass, running in rivulets down the pane. Fat drops tapped with urgent insistence.
“Come and eat. I waited for you. We can talk.”
Erynn smoothed the front of the uniform and walked across the room to the table. He had again ordered enough food for ten people. She sat down and began to fill a plate.
Faylen sat. He stared at his empty dish. “Would your people welcome those that might come to your worlds? Any who may want to make a life here, in peace—a new start?” He glanced into her eyes. His jaw tense, but his eyes warmed, shining with hope.
Thawing.
“Arranon and Korin are both vast worlds. There’s room. There would be some adjustments.” She leaned forward. “I believe this is possible.”
They ate in silence. She sensed his turmoil, his struggle with opposing concepts. However deeply rooted his training, a part of him must yearn for what freedom promised.
Erynn only managed to eat a small portion of the selections on her plate. She pushed away from the table, and Faylen glanced at her.
“If you’re done, we should go. Newell will be expecting us.”
“I’m ready.”

***

They returned to Korin in a ship identical to the one that brought her to Arranon.
How many days ago was that? A lifetime. She studied the pilot working the controls, watching his every movement. His activity offered her a brief distraction from what awaited her. She glanced out the window as the base came into view.
Newell’s people controlled Korin now. No security. No Interceptor pilots. No General Brayton. No Dad. She bit her lip and hitched in a breath. An ache squeezed in around her heart.
The ship landed, smooth, and gentle, lightly touching the ground—not like her landing on Arranon.
Feathers of orange light from the setting sun stretched over the scramble pad. Long shadows surrounded her. A warm breeze blew by, caressing her face. She wiped at the perspiration on her forehead, having acclimated to the cold of Arranon.
The hangar doors remained open. Interceptors lined the cavernous area. No crews moved about inside, the space void of activity, her footsteps echoing in the silence.
“Admiral Newell will see us in the morning.” Faylen turned to her. “Is there anywhere you would like to go? This is your home.”
Erynn glanced around, a visitor here. Her heart felt like it would break. This was no longer where she fit. Damon was gone. She belonged with Jaer, on Arranon. That was home.
A transport rushed into the hangar. The door slid open and Faylen gestured for her to enter. Memories of the last time, of Birk, bombarded her. She stiffened, her hands fisted.
“What’s wrong?”
She took in a deep breath and let the air whoosh out. A powerful gust of wind slammed against the outside wall, swirled inside, icy and strong.
“Erynn,” Faylen said in a warning tone.
“I’m fine. Don’t worry. I won’t do anything. Just give me a moment.”
He stepped in close and put his arm around her, pulling her into him. He whispered into her ear. “I can’t begin to imagine what this is like for you.”
His arm, his whole body stiff, unyielding, he was obviously unaccustomed to this kind of physical contact.
Is he trying to comfort, or control me? She remembered how she had melted into Jaer, melded into his every curve. His body welcomed hers and warmed to her. Erynn pushed back. “Yes, you can. If you wanted to, you would. You could feel.”
He grasped her arm and shoved her toward the transport. “Face it, Erynn. I am what I am. I’m not going to help you.”
Anger rocked her. If Faylen refused…Arranon, Korin, everything would be gone. A blast of purple current coursed through her, biting into Faylen’s hand. He yelped a curse and released his hold, jerking his arm back. He pulled his weapon and aimed at her. “Get in the vehicle,” he growled, careful not to touch her.

***

They ended up at another visitor center on the base, in another room. Guards lined the hall outside, as before. Faylen didn’t speak to her. He sat on a couch against the wall, his attention on a small hand held computer.
I pushed him too far. Now what? Have I ruined my chance? “Where do I meet Newell tomorrow?”
“I don’t know where you’re to meet with Admiral Newell.” He didn’t look at her. He just kept brushing his fingers over the screen.
Admiral Newell.
Erynn walked to her room. Faylen’s anger wouldn’t get her anywhere tonight. She lay on the bed, thinking about Jaer, seeing his smile, hearing his voice, and feeling his arms around her.
Faylen knocked at her door later. “There’s food,” he grunted.
She stood up and joined him in the sitting room. Erynn didn’t want to eat, but she knew she must. There was one plate on the table, already filled. No choices tonight.
Faylen had already eaten by the looks of a second dish. He lay on the couch, his arm over his eyes.
No conversation either.
Erynn finished eating and sat down in a chair at Faylen’s head.
He raised his arm and glanced back at her. His lips turned up in a smile. “Admiral Newell wants you brought to the ship in the morning. After what happened in the hangar, I don’t think he trusts you here, on Korin.” His arm rested back over his eyes.
This is too soon. Faylen hasn’t agreed to help me yet. “You said you would take me anywhere I wanted,” Erynn blurted. “I thought of a place I’d like to go.”
“Erynn, it’s late. We’ll be leaving early. Besides, I have plans for the rest of the evening.”
“Cancel them. You won’t be sorry.”
He sat up, grinning. “How far? Where is this place?”
“Not far. I promise.”
“You’re making a lot of promises, Erynn.” Faylen rubbed his chin. “Have you ever—”
“Does it matter?” A blush flooded her cheeks.
His smile dropped. “What about the man in black?”
She looked away. “It wasn’t like that with us.”
“He didn’t love you? Or you didn’t love him? Is that why?
“We do…did love each other.”
“Then why?”
“I told you—it was different for us.”
“Ah, you wanted love and commitment.”
“You say that like it’s something bad.”
“I just don’t understand,” he said in a low voice. Faylen stood up. “Let’s go.” He stared into her eyes. “I will cancel my plans. There is no obligation required on your part.”



Chapter 48


THE EXPANSIVE BACK DECK OF the big log home loomed over a wide-open pasture—the meadow. Located deep in the mountains, she and her dad, Damon, had spent summers at the cabin, a retreat from hot city weather. She smiled, remembering the love and good times they’d shared here.
Erynn passed by the house, crossing over thick grass to stand in the middle of the field. Stars dotted the night, twinkling against a dark sky untainted by city lights. Cool and quiet, a soft breeze stirred the tops of the trees with a gentle sigh.
“Are you planning on running, Erynn?”
She turned to face Faylen as he approached. He was a darker form in the night. “No. Are you?”
Around her, bright points of blue, purple, and green light exploded, the air cloying with the sweet, spicy scent of the Anim Blath.
Faylen stared, squinting. “What?” His nose wrinkled. “That smell again.”
Erynn took his hand. High voices called, all talking at once.
Faylen gripped Erynn’s fingers, ducked his head, and grimaced. “Who is that?”
“He can see, smell, and hear you. How is this possible?”
A chorus of shrill voices answered. “Because you are showing him.”
He sucked in a breath. His head rolled back, eyes staring upward.
Pain coursed through Erynn as she experienced what Faylen saw as though he were there—bittersweet memories turning to dread.
Red and gold leaves wafted down through late afternoon light. A young woman with long brown hair pushed through the branches. “Fayl, it’s time to come in. Your father will be home soon. I have dinner ready, it’s your favorite.” She laughed. “You’d spend all your time outside if I let you.”
A man jumped from behind a large tree. “Gottcha, Fayl.” He smoothed tousled brown curls on the young boy’s head. “Come on. Race you to the house.” Smiling, he took the woman in his arms and kissed her. “Aumie, have I told you today how much I love you, how happy you’ve made me?
The woman put her arms around the man and laughed softly. “Yes, Kiayl, but tell me again.”
He picked her up, swinging her around and around.
The happy vision vanished in a sudden ripping tear, replaced by laser fire and screams of terror.
Wind howled through the trees, bare limbs twisting against the night sky. Lights from headlamps and transports glared over the lawn in front of their home. He stood back, behind several soldiers in gray and green body armor, watching his mother and father, waiting for them to come for him.
“Fayl. Fayl,” his mother shrieked. Tears mixed with blood streaming down her face, she crawled forward, reaching for him. “Don’t hurt my baby. Please. My baby.”
Voice tinny and cold, a man wearing a full helmet leaned over his mother and tipped his head. “The boy goes with us.” A leering grin evident in his tone, he continued, “And perhaps you.”
Face bloodied and bruised, his father pushed up from the grass and stumbled forward. “No. Leave my family alone.” Muffled but firm, the words escaped his swollen lips.
The soldier standing over his mother freed his weapon from its holster, and with little more than a sideways glance, shot his father.
“Daddy.” Hot tears streamed down his cool checks. “Mommy?”
A cry of pure rage ripped from his mother’s throat and she launched herself at the soldier.
“Enough,” the soldier growled. He kicked out, boot heel snapping against her face, knocked her to the ground, then shot her, too.
The vision faded. Night once again surrounded them.
Faylen let out the breath he’d been holding. “Her name was Aumie, my mother—I remember. It’s all true.” His hands clenched and his jaw muscles bunched. In a low threatening tone he whispered, “They murdered my parents, took my happiness, my life.” His chest rose and fell, breath hitching through constrained lungs.
Her heart breaking, Erynn wiped tears from her cheeks and whispered, “Faylen, you can’t let this happen to other families.”
“No. No more.” He shook his head. Tears glimmered in his dark eyes. “Now I take from them, from Newell.”



Chapter 49


FAYLEN ESCORTED ERYNN TO ADMIRAL Newell as soon as they arrived on the Andor, a Class Seven Battle Cruiser.
On an upper tier of the bridge, Newell stood, waiting, his back to the thick, clear panels restraining the unforgiving environment of space. His piercing gaze never wavered from Erynn as she crossed the catwalk. Features taut, hands clasped behind him, Newell’s emotions rolled over her—excitement, anticipation…and fear.
He should be afraid. Erynn’s dread kept a smile from forming. She had a surprise or two planned for Newell—even if her actions meant she would never leave the ship alive.
Muted, sallow light did little to illuminate the bridge. Everything from the metal catwalk and bolted plates of the walls to the banks of equipment below was black and gray, no color, and little light. The area remained dim, shadowy, and eerily quiet. A constant low thrum of engines throbbed in the stale, hazy air.
Anxiety, furtive glances, and preternatural silence from the men at their stations below swarmed up and over her, revealing their apprehension at her presence.
Faylen walked behind her. His controlled breathing didn’t calm the anger that rippled from him.
Erynn stopped in front of Newell. Of average height, he had a slim build, and closely cropped dark-gray hair that matched the steely color of his eyes. He wore a black tailored uniform, and a smug expression.
“Erynn Yager.” The deep resonance of his voice was unexpected from a man of his slight stature. His hands dropped to his sides. “I’ve spent considerable time and effort looking for you. You’ve caused a number of difficulties.” He glanced at Faylen. “Congratulations Captain, or should I say, Major Faylen.”
Faylen stood next to Erynn. He nodded, his face stone, and bowed slightly to Newell. “Yes, sir.”
“Well, Yager, what happens to you depends on how readily you cooperate. I encourage you to do just that. Don’t make the same mistake your father did.”
Erynn bit her lip, controlling her impulse to lash out at Newell here and now. She wanted him to know who made the biggest mistake. If she acted prematurely, showed her strengths too soon, it would serve no purpose. She took in a calming breath and repeated patience in her mind.
Newell turned to stare out at diamond points of stars. His show of daring by turning his back on her, didn’t change the emotion radiating from him.
Fear.
“I expect your assistance. And soon.”
Erynn didn’t respond. A chill prickled her skin even though the temperature on the ship felt uncomfortably warm.
Newell glanced back at her over his shoulder, then out the clear panels at the expanse of space. “Take her to her quarters.”
Between a contingent of four armed guards, Faylen led Erynn through murky, narrow corridors, turning right and then left at intersecting halls and down steep stairs. Their boots rang out on each metal tread like a tolling of doom.
“I take it my quarters are a well-guarded cell?” Erynn whispered.
“I’m taking you to my quarters.” He glanced at her, smiled, and shrugged. “They’re not much.”
“What about Newell?”
“He’ll think…” Faylen sighed. “We need him to think that you and I are—”
“I get it.” She glanced at the soldiers surrounding her. “What then?”
“I’ll think of something.”

***

His room, as expected, was small—a single bed, an attached computer station, and a tiny washroom/closet—all gray, the lighting dim and dismal.
After they were behind closed doors and alone, Erynn asked, “How does this work? What is supposed to happen next? I mean after Newell believes he controls Arranon.”
Faylen sat on the bunk and gestured for Erynn to sit.
She joined him, despite the cruelties he’d committed. He’d played an integral part in the murder of innocent people. She knew this was true on Arranon. No doubt, his brutal acts toward others on different worlds were accurate as well. However, she still sensed in him, his nature—his soul—a worthy and precious life. Forced to discharge his duties by extraordinarily harsh means, he did what was necessary to get his job done, to live, rising to an elevated status. Superiors, they themselves brutal, encouraged these cruel behaviors from a young age, and yet, Faylen hadn’t broken. His heart retained hope, the possibility of something better.
“The Andor is a battle ship. When Newell is sure of his control over Arranon, he’ll call for specialized personnel and equipment. That’s when the stripping of your worlds begins.”
“What if Korin and Arranon fight back? Will another battle ship come to Newell’s aid?”
“No. Newell’s on his own. We’ve been weakened by war, our depleted fleet can’t send help. That’s why your system is important. Newell’s plan to undermine your civilization before striking is new. If he fails, we go back to the old way of open attacks, which will most likely be the end of us.” He stared at her hands resting in her lap. “But you need to know—an attack by Korin and Arranon against the Andor is pointless. Besides being well-established on your worlds, the resources, the technology of this ship—its more than your people could survive.” He glanced at her, his lips curved in a sad smile. “You’d never win.”
“I understand.” She frowned. “Why doesn’t Newell just use the technology he possesses? He could easily accomplish his goal. Why does he need me?”
“He could wipe out every living thing on Arranon. But a strike of that magnitude would also destroy much of what he needs and wants—not to mention the heavy expenditure of energy required from the Andor, the loss of equipment, and men. Newell’s plan involves encouraging the people of Korin and Arranon to continue in their jobs of acquiring and manufacturing what he plans to take. He’ll promise wealth, technology, and position, and then abandon your people when he has no further use for them.” He shook his head and barked out a bitter laugh. “Willing labor.”
She chose her words carefully. “The Andor, the ship’s weapons, could they be made…ineffective?” She put her hand on his arm. “Listen, you’re all dying. Your way of life is destroying you. You have to change. Stop the inevitable.”
He pulled away from her touch, stood up, and ran his hand over his scalp. “You’re asking me to…to…” He shook his head. “I’m not sure what you’re suggesting is even possible.”
“All I’m asking is that you—we—try and save what is left of the living in this stagnant oppressive environment.”
Faylen stared at the stark metal floor. “We couldn’t just disable the weapons, or the ship. They would eventually fix the damage. The outcome for your worlds would be much worse. The only way to do what you’re proposing is to destroy the Andor. Blow up the ship.” His gaze drifted to her. “There are women and children here.”
His children? “There must be others—those who are sympathetic, who could be enlisted to help us.”
“Maybe, but how would we know them? How do we contact them? How do we arrange evacuation?” He shook his head again, arms hanging limp at his sides. “Then there’s the logistics, the coordinated operation of destroying the Andor.” A long sigh escaped his pursed lips.
Erynn faced him. “Yes, this is a huge undertaking, but if we don’t try…”
In a low voice full of doubt he asked, “What do you suggest we do?”
“Can we walk about freely? Can you show me the ship?”
“Yes. Newell would presume I was demonstrating our strengths—turning you.”
“Good.” She paused. “There are some things you should know about me, abilities I have.”
His eyes narrowed. “Beyond the electricity, the wind, and the connection with the animals?”
She grimaced and nodded. “I can feel the emotions of people around me.”
He frowned, studying her, and then smiled. His eyes widened as the significance hit him. “When we talk to others on the ship, you can tell if we should trust them or not.”
She nodded, grinned, and glanced at the door. “When can we get started?”
Silent for a long moment, he raised his eyebrows, smile expanding. “Better stay in here a little longer.”

***

“We need to establish a link between those willing to abandon Newell’s practice of conquest and destruction,” Faylen whispered, taking her to the communication unit. Four security officers shadowed their progress along the murky passageways. Faylen glanced at her, and tipped his head, eyebrows bunching. “Is it necessary for you to touch…” He stiffened and rolled his shoulders.
Erynn frowned. “No, I just need to be around people. If I can see them, I can feel their emotions.” She opened to his concerns, widening the tunnel of light. Jealousy, desire, and possessiveness pulled at her like strong currents surging in the waters of a swift river. But a stronger emotion overlay them all, love.
“I’ll tell the guards to remain in the corridor. That way, we can talk—if there’s anyone to talk with.”
“Do you think we’ll find others here?”
He stopped and shrugged. “It’s possible.” His fingers tapped across a panel and the door glided open.
A communication room appeared. The lower level of the wide, long space was well lighted and cooler than the rest of the ship. She scanned the span, technicians sitting at stacked consoles extending into a second story. Open skywalks ringed an additional three levels, giving access to generators, power units, and what appeared to be data storage. Erynn stared into the upper tiers of this massive space. Dark gathered, broken only by the steady burn of small operation lights of red, yellow, and green, like eyes that glowed in the gloom. Deeper shadows perched among the catwalks and cloaked recesses, black shapes waiting to swoop down on wings the color of night, sinking talons into the light to carry the radiance up and away.
From the front of the room, a man observed the activity, turning when he realized Faylen and Erynn had entered. His eyes narrowed briefly before his attention settled on Erynn. His expression softened.
Curiosity.
In a soft, acquiescent voice, he asked. “Sir, how can I assist you?” Not as tall and less muscled than Faylen, his body had not been fashioned into that of a battle-ready soldier. His gray-blue eyes were set symmetrically in a heart-shaped face topped with short, light-brown hair.
So young.
“I’m taking Erynn around the Andor. Would you show her communications, Lieutenant Parin?”
Parin’s fear fluttered like a soft brush of iridescent centinent wings against her cheek. “I won’t hurt you.” She smiled, stepped forward, and took his hand. The familiar blue currents swirled, and the young man gasped.
Faylen stiffened behind her. “You said you didn’t need to touch, to make close contact for this to work.” His voice had a sharp edge.
Erynn glanced back at Faylen and put her finger to his lips in a momentary brush. “Shhhh.” She turned back and let go of Parin’s hand. “We need your help. Do you know if there are others, like you, willing to risk their lives for a chance at freedom?”
Parin glanced over his shoulder, then back to Erynn. “Yes, there are others, many others,” he whispered. “Tell me what you want me to do.”
“Are there any in transportation?” Faylen asked, stepping next to Erynn. His eyes sparkled with excitement. “If we can’t get off the Andor, any plans we make are useless.”
“Yes.” Parin nodded. “Transportation, the armory, and the medical unit.” He frowned. “No one in security, though.”
Faylen smiled. “We just may be able to do this.” He glanced out at the technicians busy at their duties. “I need to talk with a representative from each departmental division. Can you arrange for me to meet with them?”
Parin’s forehead crinkled. His eyes glassy, he gazed at the wall behind Erynn. “If I configure the main matrix board with a—his focus snapped back to Faylen. A wide grin eased the lines over his brow. “Yes. I can link anyone directly to the com-unit in your quarters, Major, and no one will know. Will that be good enough?”
Faylen glanced at Erynn. “You won’t be in their presence—won’t be able to read their emotions.”
She surveyed the consoles a moment and then quietly stepped over to stand behind a technician speaking to an individual over a similar com-unit. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. Bright points of red and orange swirled from the technician. She visualized a line from him, passing through the unit, to the person at the other end. More red and orange flashes raced up this imaginary link from the speaker.
Erynn opened her eyes and backed up to stand with Faylen. Once again, need revealed an expanding scope of abilities. The thought frightened as much as intrigued her. She shoved shaking hands into her pockets. “No, it’s all right. This will work. I can do this.” She fought to keep the tremor out of her voice.

***

Erynn lost track of time in the constant dim shadows of the Andor with no clear demarcation between night and day. A busy schedule of meeting others willing to fight for freedom and in sympathy with a mutiny against Newell and the Tei Amasic Armada added to this sensation. She believed six days had passed since her flight that evening from the base on Arranon.
Personnel from the armory prepared detonation devices and placed them in strategic locations around the ship. A group from transportation worked on evacuation strategies while readying necessary aircraft.
The final step—connecting with each imprisoned being on this massive ship, turned out an enormous task. Faylen gave her an approximate count, the majority coming from the medical unit that included the sector where women and children lived. They numbered in the thousands.
Erynn lay on her back in an obscure half-light falling over Faylen’s bunk, hoping for a quick snooze before they were once again called upon for some logistical problem. But sleep wouldn’t come. The hot air made it difficult to breathe, while inside she felt frozen. How can we do this? There are so many. What if we, I, fail them? She twisted onto her side and pulled her right knee up.
Faylen sat at a small computer station. His gaze drifted from the monitor to her restless stirring. “Still optimistic?”
She sat up and swung her boots to the floor. “I didn’t realize how many.” She shook her head and took in a deep breath. Icy air slipped between her lips.
The small space inside Faylen’s quarters swirled in a twisting wind. The stifling atmosphere cooled, fragrant with the spicy scent of the Anim Blath.
Erynn calmed and smiled. “Yes. Yes, I’m still sure this will work.”
He glanced at the enviro-processor unit humming quietly above the bunk and then to Erynn. “How did you…? I thought you would need to be on Arranon or Korin.”
“I thought so, too.”
Her father’s words came to her. “You are the storm, Erynn.”

***

Faylen received word of an urgent meeting and rousted Erynn from an uneasy sleep. In a shadowed recess overlooking the large docking bay, they waited for a liaison chosen by members of each group.
She surveyed the area. Three immense open portals lined the massive hangar. The view of space beyond shimmered, distorted by the force field holding in the atmosphere while keeping the vacuum of space outside the bay.
Erynn wheeled on Faylen and frowned. “Why would they want to meet with me and you, and so suddenly? Could security know? Maybe this is a trap.”
“I doubt this is a trap.” He glanced at her and grinned. “You would have sensed something was off.”
She dropped her gaze. “You’re right. We haven’t been discovered, but…” Erynn’s stomach churned with the unsettling perception that she’d missed something.
Faylen returned to watching his surroundings. “The reason must be important, though. Information they didn’t feel secure passing to us over communications.”
Soft footsteps and a rustling of fabric came from the dark behind them. A strong need crashed over her. At the same time, a fervent hatred slammed against her from the direction of the bay. The opposing contrast made her feel as if she was coming apart. The atmosphere holding her together seemed spent.
A young man with short blond hair and sharp blue eyes strode toward them through the bay, glaring at Erynn. “Major Faylen. How may I assist you?” His words cut through stagnant air.
She took a step back and reduced her exposure to his loathing. The tunnel in her mind spiraled into a faint point of light.
“Captain Wieran, go on with your duties. If I need you, I’ll tell you.” Faylen’s voice rose, his tone harsh.
“Of course, sir.” He started to turn away and stopped. He stared past them into the dark and stepped forward.
“Is there something else, Captain Wieran?” Faylen’s voice boomed and echoed in the cavernous space.
Wieran pulled his attention from the shadows. “If you don’t mind, sir, I’m curious why you would bring her here.” His gaze swung to Erynn, eyes narrowed, upper lip curled.
“When my business with Admiral Newell involves second-grade officers, I’ll be sure to include you. Until that time, go on with your duties, Captain.”
Wieran scowled and gave Faylen a slight bow. He turned to the open bay, then glanced back at Erynn, his eyes smoldering with rage. Wieran grabbed a crewman’s collar and slammed the man’s face against the hull of one of the small ships lining an inside row of the bay. The man bounced back, hands covering his nose. Blood smeared the pale-gray surface of the craft.
Men making repairs or doing maintenance on the smaller ships stopped and stared before returning, with added fervor, to their tasks. Their lives consisted of fear—a constant anguish full of despair—with no expectations of a better existence.
Sympathy surged in her heart. Anger flared in the pit of her stomach. Heat raced from deep inside, and her face burned with outrage. She longed to release just a small sample of her fury and send that power colliding into this lowlife, slime-sucking, excuse for a—”
“Erynn,” Faylen whispered hoarsely. “What’s wrong? You’re…shimmering.”
Orange and red points of light danced about her. “Sorry. I don’t like him. He’s trouble.”
“I can handle Wieran. Newell won’t question me as long as I’m keeping you under control. He believes I can help him get what he wants from you.”
Wieran glanced back at Erynn. He stared, eyes still narrowed.
She straightened and returned his glare, matching his burning resentment.
An alarm sounded at the far end of the bay. Wieran gave her one last sneer and hurried off in the direction of the signal. The space before them emptied of personnel.
“What is that?”
Faylen shrugged. “Probably an air leak.”
“An air leak?” Erynn’s eyes widened and she stared at Faylen.
“Wieran’s gone. You can come out,” Faylen whispered over his shoulder.
A diminutive figure stepped out of concealment but stayed in the shadows. “I don’t have much time, so listen.” His high soft voice included a slight warble.
Erynn turned to face their contact, curious.
“No. Don’t look at him.” Faylen grabbed her, pulled her into an awkward embrace, and kissed her—kept kissing her—hard and long.
She started to pull away, stopped, and put her arms around his neck.
Pretense.
Opened to the moment, she sensed Faylen’s emotions regarding this kiss was neither ruse nor act, but an opportunity, however clumsy and unyielding. Warmth from a tiny spark eased her reluctance. A fiery glow spread, radiating to the tips of her fingers. Blue static whirled around them in this edgy embrace.
“Nice touch,” the man trilled, humor in his tone.
His words brought her back and the wispy current faded, disappearing, drawn inward.
The pitch of his melodic voice changed, no longer light. “Newell’s not going to give you any more time, Faylen. He’s tired of waiting and wants results. He wants Erynn to give him what he needs—Arranon. Newell’s coming for her. Now.”
Faylen’s lips left hers and brushed across her forehead. He spoke toward the shadows, his breathing ragged. “Signal the others. Let everyone know. We go now.”
The man slid back into darker shadows, gone like a breeze slipping through the night.
Faylen drew away, still holding Erynn. His eyes were a dark sea where hope sailed, never finding a safe harbor. “Would you make me a promise?”
She allowed her heart to answer, not her spinning mind. “Yes.”
“If something happens to me—if I don’t live through this—take me to Arranon. Bury me under a tree with red and gold leaves.” He smiled. “You know what I mean.”
“Stop it.” Erynn put her hands on either side of his face. “You’re not going to die. We’ll get out of this, all of us.”
“You believe that, don’t you?” He tipped his head and ran his fingers along the line of her chin.
She dropped her hands to his chest and lowered her head. “I have to.”



Chapter 50


A TREMOR RAN THROUGH THE deck, followed by a shudder. The constant low thrum of the ship changed to a faster tempo, the pitch increasing. “What’s happening?” Erynn stepped back, out of Faylen’s arms. A low rumble grew and faded. “Was that an explosion?” She spun, searching the bay. Her eyes took in the sight, but her mind resisted, refusing to accept.
Staser fire shrieked and white arcs flashed across the open space. People ran, boots thudding over the gray metal floor. They fell, skidded on the smooth deck, and didn’t move again.
“The mutiny’s begun. Isn’t this what you wanted?” He took her hand and hurried from the docking bay back into dim narrow corridors. “The Andor is under attack, being destroyed.”
Alarms sounded, blaring and sharp. “Wait, where are we going?” she shouted as they ran. Her heart fluttered and her stomach flipped. She couldn’t tell which emotion reigned in her—fear or elation. They had accomplished the impossible. People on Arranon and Korin can fight now. Whether I make it out of this alive or not, they have a chance.
“We have to get to the medical unit. They’ll need help evacuating the children,” he yelled, his jaw tight.
Erynn let her awareness flow and rush ahead. “The passage is clear,” she called. “But we need to hurry. Security is coming.” Another explosion shook the ship. Her ears ringing, Erynn bounced off the bulkhead and stumbled. Faylen steadied her and stepped up the pace.
A monotone, mechanical voice called over the high siren, “All damage-control personnel report to sector ten, armory. Security units twelve and fourteen proceed to sector two, engine room. Secure your locations. Units one through ten, continue to red alert stations. Repeat, continue to red alert stations.”
“You started with the armory. Good thinking.” She glanced up at him as they ran. “They think we’ll try to take the engine room.”
“Communications will be next and then life support. After that, we have sixty timnents before the Andor will no longer be habitable.” Faylen smiled. “Newell will believe we’re trying to take over, not destroy the Andor.”
“A good plan, Faylen. Thank—”
“Don’t thank me yet. We still have to live through this.”
Faylen pulled a panting Erynn up steep stairs two at a time, rising three levels. The passageways empty, they met no one in their dash. Another detonation shot through the structure. The scream of twisting metal accompanied a violent shaking.
Erynn held her breath until the deck firmed under her feet. “That was close,” she said in a rush of exhaled air.
“Yes. The explosive are well placed.”
The interior of the ship rocked with another blast. Choking, bitter smoke billowed in the always-present haze.
“And well timed,” Faylen finished.
The corridor’s meager illumination snapped off and for a long moment they ran in darkness. Dim red emergency lights blinked on, casting an eerie, diffuse glow.
The same monotone voice followed a low chime. “All damage-control personnel report to sector seven, communications. All damage-control personnel report to sector one, life support.”
Erynn coughed. “Like to see how they’ll manage that.” She coughed again.
“The computer doesn’t know what to do first. All the affected sectors are vital. We have them on the run.” Faylen turned right and then left. They climbed down one level and swept right again. The air cleared of smoke.
“How do you know your way around?”
“How did Jaer know his way through the forest of Glaskra? How did you know your way around the base on Korin? This is—was—my home. I’m as familiar with it as you and Jaer are with yours.”
Erynn hesitated for a heartbeat. “How do you know Jaer’s name?”
“You talk in your sleep. A clever man, as I understand now, he is still alive.”
“Engineering crews to sectors ten, seven, and one. Engineering crews to sectors ten, seven, and one.” No longer a computer generated voice, fear shaded the orders ringing out through the ship.
I hope Newell is enjoying my assistance.
Pinpoints of orange and red swarmed toward her from the forward corridor. “Stop.” Erynn pulled back on Faylen’s hand, trying to slow his dash. “Security is ahead of us, coming this way, and fast.”
Faylen searched the area. “Here.” They ducked into the deep shadows of an alcove in front of a hatch. He covered her body with his, holding her close.
She sensed his need to protect her, but there was more in his response. His embrace again an opportunity for that physical contact he longed for, she held him in return, giving him this small offering.
Men rushed by, weapons drawn, their boots ringing on the metal deck. The sound echoed off the bulkhead under the screaming alarm.
Erynn turned her head toward the hatch she and Faylen stood in front of. “Where are we?” She didn’t know why she asked. She knew the answer—Admiral Newell’s quarters, and he was in there. She sensed his fear. No, more than fear—abject terror.
“That’s Newell’s—”
“I know. How do I get in?” She pulled away from him, running her hands over the area next to the hatch.
“Erynn, there isn’t time.”
“Where’s the control panel?” Her voice rose. Anger sparked in her. Smoldering flames of grief over her dad’s murder fanned by rage erupted inside her. All that had happened ran like a vid through her mind. She’d lost her dad, her home, everything she’d worked for, and, possibly very soon, her life. Newell, with callous routine, ordered the murder of innocent people. The inhabitants of this ship lived in constant fear and hopelessness. Newell didn’t care.
“I want him to know,” Erynn seethed. Purple static arced against the metal. Electric tendrils of deep violet raced around her in a whirlwind of power. “I want him to know that his life, his ship, his command, everything he does care about is gone because of me.” She put her hands on the hatch, fingers outstretched, palms pressed against the cool surface. The door hissed and buckled, and screeching in protest, it opened. “This won’t take long.”
Newell’s pale face dripped with sweat, fingers white-knuckled from gripping the staser trained on her. His hand shook, chest rising and falling in quick succession. A small pack lay open on his bunk, items of apparent value stuffed inside.
Erynn stepped forward and glanced at the bed. “You’re leaving?” She shook her head. “I don’t think so.” She smiled and raised her hand. Purple tendrils arced and shot forward. Time slowed. She walked to Newell, took the staser from his hand, tucked the weapon into her waistband, and waited.
Currents of deep purple whirled, drawn back to Erynn. Time caught up.
Newell jerked into the moment. He took a shaky step back, mouth dropping open. “Y-y-y-ou-u,” he stammered, finger squeezing the trigger of the staser no longer in his hand.
“Me.” Erynn moved forward as Newell took another step back. Against the bunk, he could retreat no farther. She glared into his gray eyes. Fear lived there. Terror permeated his entire being. “You understand now.” She took a step closer so he could experience the power discharging around her.
Newell winced, trying to twist away from the stinging purple currents snapping and popping off her.
“We control the docking bay and all the ships. You’re going nowhere. Enjoy what’s left of your miserable life.” She turned away and slipped out the ruined hatch before he could respond.
Faylen frowned. “How did you take his weapon?” He glanced back at Newell.
Newell’s repeated attempts to contact security echoed from the sparse room. He got no answer. They weren’t coming.
“There’s even more to you than I realized, Erynn.” Faylen took her hand and led her down the corridor at a run.
Time passed in a strange mix of slow and fast forward motion. Faylen rounded a corner into a wider passage, double doors at the end gliding open. Faylen and Erynn stopped just inside.
Children wandered the space, some crying, some screaming. The bloody wash of red emergency lights secured to the bulkheads were spaced farther apart here. The gaps left wide swaths of the long corridor in a murky gloom, frightening for a child. Open doors to rooms off the hall were black holes. No emergency lighting eased the dark inside those nightmarish cubicles, but she sensed their purpose, sleeping quarters.
“Boxes. A warehouse for children.” Erynn’s teeth ground under tight jaw muscles. “Let’s get them out of here.”
Faylen stepped up to a man and two women. “Is everyone ready?”
The man’s voice carried to Erynn out of the gloom. “Yes. We’ve been waiting for you.” He glanced back. A long line of huddled children and women disappeared into the shadows. “We weren’t sure which way to the bay would be safest.”
Faylen nodded. “We have to hurry. There isn’t much time. Keep together. It’s vital the children stay with us.”
“The children understand.”
From some of the tiny cubicles around her, faces formed out of the dark. “What about them?” Erynn spun in a tight circle. “Why aren’t they coming?”
“There are older children who refuse to come with us.” The man pushed by Erynn to follow Faylen out into the main corridor.
“Erynn, come on,” Faylen called from the outer hall.
“No. We have to make them understand.” She stumbled toward a small group packed into one of the tiny rooms. “You must come with us.” Erynn reached out. The door shut, pushed by garish scarlet hands illuminated by the sick, red light.
Faylen returned and grabbed her around the waist. “Will you sacrifice those that want to live for a few already gone?” His voice was thick and broken. “Don’t let them bring all of us down. We have to go. Now.”
Erynn watched as the women and children shuffled past. She nodded. “You’re right. I know. But that doesn’t make leaving them here to die any easier.”
“We’ve done what we can,” Faylen whispered. He took a tight grip on her hand. “Stay with me. I’ll get you out of here and home, to Jaer.”
She opened her awareness. Anger and hatred radiated from behind those closed hatches, colliding with the fear coming from the group hurrying past her. But another sensation bubbled up, drowning fright—hope—hope for a better life. She must bury her regret for those lost children—choke back the sorrow for young lives wasted. If they didn’t leave, the children who right now fought for life would never feel the sun on their faces, or experience the beauty of a snowy day. Nor would they ever know the joy and sorrows, the unconditional acceptance of love given and received.
“Erynn, they’re waiting.” Faylen gestured to the children.
“Let’s go.” Erynn’s voice cracked. She wiped the back of her hand over her eyes. “Let’s go,” she said again in a low whisper.
They ran to the front and hurried down the wide corridor, turning left into narrowing passageways. Faylen started to turn right after passing several intersections.
“No.” Erynn shouted. “We won’t get through that way. Security has the passage held.” Her gaze locked onto Faylen’s eyes. “They know.”
“Okay.” He glanced forward and then back. “Listen carefully. At the next set of stairs, go up two levels. Turn right at the fourth intersection, then left at the next. Go up two more levels. Keep going straight at the top of the stairs. You’ll come to a dead end. Take the right passage. You’ll run into the docking bay.”
Erynn reached out, grabbed the front of his shirt, and pulled him close. “Where are you going?” Dread built in her heart. They had come this far together. “Don’t leave me…us now.”
Faylen smiled and pried her hands off his uniform. “Security will come searching when we don’t show.” He tossed his head and glanced down the corridor. “I’ll take care of them and meet up with you in the bay. Go, Erynn.” He turned, winding his way back through the children before she could protest. His shadowy form turned right at the next intersection and disappeared.
Erynn stared at the children. “Come on. We need to keep moving.” She spun around, her attention on the corridor. “The stairs should be just up ahead.” A blast of hot, pungent air blasted forward, hitting her in the face. The dark in front of her flickered with an orange glow. Fire.
She twisted back to the children. “Where now?” she asked the man Faylen had spoken with from the medical unit.
“We have to go up.” Panic tinged his voice. “Up is the only way to get to the bay.”
“Calm down.” Erynn put her hand on his arm. Blue tendrils swirled and the air sweetened. “There has to be another set of stairs that will take us up.” Her voice was firm and even.
The man’s breathing steadied, and he frowned with concentration. He stared at the deck. “There are seven direct routes to the bay.” He ticked them off on his fingers, mumbling. “We are cut off from all of them.” His brow smoothed. “Except one.”
“Where?” Erynn squeezed his arm.
“The medical unit.” His gaze slowly tracked to Erynn’s eyes. “There’s a lift that goes to the docking bay. It’s there to transport injured from the ships.”
“Why didn’t we use that one to begin with?”
“Too slow. The lift will only hold ten, maybe fifteen of the smaller children.”
“Go,” Erynn commanded, and pushed him. “I’ll stay behind the children. Send two adults with each group. Load as many as you can in the lift, any way possible.” He disappeared into the murky shadows. “As each ship fills, have them take off,” she yelled, hoping he heard.
Heat pulsed at her back and she turned. Flames danced forward around the angle of the corridor. “Get moving, get moving,” she whispered under her breath. The line before her shifted, edged forward, and flowed in reverse along the passageway. The choking smoke dissipated, the hot air replaced with cool.
Erynn rushed out of the wider corridor and stopped as she entered the medical unit. Hundreds of children stood before her, waiting their turn to ascend to the bay in the lift at the far end of the long hall. She couldn’t help glancing at the closed doors to the tiny cubicles lining either side. Erynn believed this an opportunity, a second chance to try to talk the older children into changing their minds. She knocked on doors and spoke against the metal hatches. “Would you just come out and talk to me? Tell me what you’re thinking. I’ll listen to you I promise.”
No movement, no sound came from the small rooms.
She leaned her head on the cool, smooth surface of the hatch. “Give us the chance to show you how things could be better. There is so much beauty in people, in life. If you try this, if you come with me, I promise you’ll never regret your decision.” Her breath hitched in. “I’m willing to die for the chance to go back. If I make it to Korin, to Arranon, I’ll never again take a single moment of my life for granted.” Erynn stopped in front of each locked hatch and repeated her impassioned plea.
Met with dead silence, she shook her head. “Please?” Her lungs ached, but not from sorrow. The air had thickened, smelling stale, overused, and tainted. Her head swam, and she fought for control over her panic. “So close.” She smiled. “I almost made it.” The remaining women and children coughed and gasped, trying to draw in what was left of breathable atmosphere.
“Gaolador.” Storm. The words whirled around and through her.
Erynn pulled in a leaden breath and gagged at the acrid taste. Her vision blurred. Her brain screamed for air. She thought about Arranon, about cool breezes against her cheeks, the gentle sigh of wind in the treetops, and the clean, fresh scent of rain. Jaer’s beautiful face took shape in her mind. He will live. This is enough.
An icy gust of wind rushed around her, and curls fluttered over her eyes. If this is death, it isn’t so bad. Slowly her thoughts cleared, along with her vision and she inhaled the light, sweet air.
The children glanced about wide-eyed, their coughing eased.
“Shoukeet.” Hurry.
This reprieve temporary, Erynn understood the urgency. Time had run out for the Andor. Eight children remained, along with two women and Erynn. They crammed into the lift. Gears ground, screeching to a halt in the hangar bay. The smell of hot metal and scorched wiring filled Erynn’s nostrils. They had overloaded and overworked the device. She doubted another ascent possible.
The doors glided open. The expanse of the hangar stretched before them. Emptied of ships, the bay appeared more immense. Two remaining craft stood ready, engines thrumming, waiting for the final passengers, the last of the women and children, and the brave men holding this sector. Staser fire screamed as security tried to break through their defenses. The battle wasn’t over yet. She searched for Faylen, not finding him.
The children and the two women ran ahead of her, making a dash to the first ship, and up the ramp. The hatch hummed closed, the roar of the engines increased, and the craft hovered off the deck. The ship maneuvered to the portal and through, racing out into space away from the Andor, becoming a speck of light among the stars.
Staser fire flared around an inner access against the far bulkhead. Several men sprinted toward the ship, Faylen following.
Flashes erupting all around him, Faylen yelled, “Erynn, get on board.” He aimed the staser behind and fired several times. The men in pursuit retreated, concealing themselves in dim corridors.
Erynn turned and ran, the ship that would take them off the Andor only meters away.
Movement to her right caught her eye. Four older children who had at first refused to come scrambled from the smoking lift, running her direction. Erynn skidded to a stop. She pivoted and raced back the long, unalterable distance. Time seemed to slow, her momentum agonizing.
Faylen flew past her in a burst of speed. He reached the children, rushing them to escape and freedom. A few remaining men stood outside the waiting ship and laid a protective line of fire, shielding Faylen, Erynn, and the children as they approached.
Security armed with heavy weapons appeared from several access hatches along the inside bulkhead, joining the units firing on the fleeing adults and children. Their leader emerged, that lowlife slime-sucking excuse of a man from earlier.
Three men from around the ship stopped firing and ran forward, half carrying, half dragging the last four children up the ramp.
Faylen turned and fired at the approaching attackers.
Wieran raised his weapon and aimed—for Erynn.
Erynn pulled the staser from her waistband. She aimed, the bolt racing—at Wieran.
Faylen stepped in next to Erynn and pushed her against the last man going up the ramp.
At the same time, Wieran fired.
She craned her head around Faylen. Her bolt struck Wieran and he fell.
Faylen groaned and stumbled into Erynn.
Wieran’s shot hit him instead of her.
She reached out, steadied him. “Nooooo!”
Faylen’s face drained of color. “Keep moving. Hurry. I’m all right.” He tripped and dropped to his knees.
She pulled him up, helping him the last few steps and inside the ship.
Faylen leaned against the inner wall next to the access, his face ashen and drenched with sweat.
Erynn retracted the ramp and shut the hatch.
The ship rose. A blast flared outside the forward panels, knocking them sideways.
Faylen slid to the floor, a thick red trail marking his path down the wall. Hands limp in his lap, feet splayed before him, his breaths came in short spurts.
Erynn knelt and took his hand in both of hers, shouting for him to listen. “Faylen? Faylen.” She glanced over her shoulder. “Help me. Get a med kit.” She cradled his face. “Look at me. Don’t you leave me.”
The ship shot out the portal, banking away from the Andor. No further attempt came to prevent them from leaving.
His brown eyes swam in and out of focus, finally centering on her. He coughed, and blood bubbled from his mouth. “We…did…it,” he wheezed. He smiled, teeth covered with pink-tinged saliva.
Faylen slumped to his side to the chilled metal floor.
“No,” Erynn cried. “You are not going to die.” She pulled him up against her, held him close, her arms around him, stroking his cold face. “Help me. Someone do something,” she screamed.
A man rushed to Faylen’s side, knelt, and set down a pack. He pried Erynn’s arms off Faylen. Blood soaked his shirt.
The man ripped Faylen’s uniform open. He sat back and stared, shaking his head. “It’s too late.” Blood dripped, forming puddles at Faylen’s sides.
“N-n-n-o-o. No. No. No,” she pleaded. Do something.” She grabbed the pack and shoved it toward the man. “At least try.”
Faylen took her bloody hands, his grasp weak, fingers cold. “Stop.” He hitched in a shallow breath. “Erynn.”
“But—”
Faylen shook his head with slight, jerky movements. His breath rasped out in a ragged tatter.
Tears slipped down Erynn’s cheeks, dropping on Faylen.
Faylen reached up and brushed her tears away with shaking fingers. “Okay. I’m…free. Children…alive. You…will live.” A weak smile curved the corners of his blood-caked lips. “I can…accept…death…” He gazed into her face, and the fire in his eyes died.



Chapter 51


JAER ROLLED OVER IN HIS bunk. Silence wrapped him in its hold like a veil no sound could penetrate. The aching emptiness of Erynn’s absence tore at his heart. Gone seven days now, his fear for her, on Newell’s ship, chewed at his thoughts with razor-sharp teeth, ripping into his soul. Soon this dread would gnaw a hole the size of the Pollan Crater straight through him. Jaw tight, he tossed to his other side and fisted his hands. This waiting was worse than anything he had ever undergone, and he had endured much.
An alarm sounded through his quarters. Jaer threw off the covers and jumped up, pulling on his quilted pants and heavy boots. The DVSL on the opposite wall from his bunk switched from the cloudless night full of brilliant stars to Cale’s office.
Cale swept into the frame, his tone serious. “Jaer, get up here. Something is happening.” The screen returned to the night sky.
Jaer slipped into his thick tunic and coat and was out the door, running. Dim corridors full, people struggled into jackets, hopping into boots, and hurried to duty stations as the alarm continued to blare. Jaer wound his way around them, his heartbeat pounding in his ears over the screaming siren. He hurried into Cale’s quarters, the room similar to seven nights ago, full of officers all talking at once. Jaer pushed through them to Cale.
“Look at this.” Cale used a remote device to enlarge the view on the DVSL.
Jaer stepped forward, staring at the scene before him. Stars broke up the endless black of space. In the forefront, Newell’s ship was a shining cylindrical shape. The craft appeared small, hanging in the vast, empty vacuum. Jaer knew it wasn’t. To show up this clearly on their screens, the ship had to be massive. “What?” He shook his head. “Newell’s ship—just as it has been.”
“Look closer.” Cale frowned. The room quieted.
Jaer squinted. Then he saw them. Hundreds of tiny, shimmering dots sped in a line through the immense black openness. Their trajectory arced toward Korin. “An attack?”
“I have to assume as much.” Cale watched the ships advance. “The base is on alert. I’m scrambling all fighters. Tiar is in the bay, coordinating the counter offensive.” He sighed. “Korin will need our help. This is a substantial assault.”
“Erynn.” Jaer’s breath rushed out in a low groan. “I will go with you.” He continued to stare at the screen.
“No, Jaer. I need you here.” Cale held up his hand when Jaer faced him. “The fighting on Arranon will begin as well. I want my best man here to lead ground operations.” Cale smiled. The corners of his mouth trembled, turning to a frown. “It’s your strength.” He twisted his head to look out over his gathered officers.
Jaer glared at the screen and nodded. This was it—the end. Cale knew as well as he did. He wouldn’t go without a fight, without taking a few of the aliens with him. He tipped his head, stared at the screen, and frowned. A faint orange glow began at one end of Newell’s ship. The color intensified and blossomed, flowing across the length to explode out the other end. “Cale,” he called in a rising voice. “What is happening?”
An excited voice burst from the speakers of the DVSL. “Cale. I have contact with Erynn. The ships. Wait, I’m directing the transmission to you.” Several clicks followed and static exploded through the room.
“Do…copy?” Erynn’s voice came cracked and broken over the speakers, but it was unquestionably the most beautiful sound Jaer had ever heard.
Warmth swarmed through him. His legs felt weak. His heart began to beat again.
The quiet of the room turned to deathly silence. “Erynn, where are you?” Cale shouted.
“…Ships…” Static flared. “…women and children…” Silence followed, a long interminable stretch of utter quiet. The speakers buzzed. “Not an attack, repeat, this is not an attack. Korin tower, this is Lieutenant Erynn Yager on board one of the ships approaching your coordinates. I have refugees, women and children. Do you copy?”
“Erynn, this is Cale. I copy. Loud and clear.”
could hear the smile in Cale’s voice. Jaer He took in a deep breath and let the air shudder out slowly. A loud cheer rose among those gathered.
“She did it,” Cale whispered into the wild uproar.
“General Athru.” The relief in Erynn’s tone was evident. “The Andor, Newell’s ship is destroyed. Newell is dead, along with his men. The only ones left are on Korin and Arranon. Think you can handle them?”
Cale laughed. “We’re on it, Erynn.” The noise level in the room increased, everyone cheering, yelling, and slapping each other on the back.
“Hey, sounds like you’re having a party there.” She chuckled. “Wait for me.”
“Erynn, this is your party. See you on Korin.” Cale spun around to his desk and punched his communication console. “Get me Korin Control. I want to talk with General Brayton. STAT.”
“Yes, sir,” a metallic voice answered.
Cale straightened, staring out over the men and women packed into his office. They quieted, and their expressions sobered. “Contact all of Arranon. Tell our people it’s time to fight. We will take back our worlds.” The room emptied. The ensuing silence dropped like a weight. Cale turned to Jaer. “You’ll come to Korin when you’re finished here?”
Jaer smiled and hurried from the office.

***

A line of ships filled the scramble pad, the runway, and every flat bare bit of land as far as Erynn could see. Early-morning light cast a purple shade over the tarmac. The cool air scented with so many wonderful aromas,  Erynn thought she might grow dizzy trying to inhale so deeply of each one. She stepped from the ramp, onto this familiar yet somehow foreign place, winding her way toward the hangar at a trot. The hatch of each ship opened, no one but her emerging.
General Brayton marched out of the dim interior of the long, wide hangar with a contingent of guards. He scowled at her as usual. It didn’t matter. He could say what he wanted. Nothing, not even Brayton, would ruin her elation right now.
Brayton and his security team stopped in front of her. He glanced beyond where she stood, his gaze roaming over the ships. He took in a deep breath and his brown eyes narrowed, his penetrating gaze returning to her. “Welcome home, Lieutenant.” He smiled, a first in Erynn’s memory. He gestured to her blood-soaked uniform. “Do you have casualties?”
“No, sir.” She glanced over her shoulder and opened the tunnel of her abilities to the rush of sensations washing over her. “They’re scared, unsure, mostly just overwhelmed by all that’s happened.” Her own emotions fought their way to the surface when she remembered Faylen, dead in the ship. Her shoulders slumped and her gaze dropped to the ground. Erynn bit her lip, sucked in a breath, stood to attention, and saluted. “Sir, permission to remove a body from one of the ships. I’m requesting he be treated with the highest respect and full honors. I’ll be taking him to Arranon for burial.”
Brayton stood to attention and saluted. “Permission granted, Lieutenant. At ease.” He frowned. “You’re leaving for Arranon? But you’ll be back. You’re needed—wanted—here Lieutenant…Erynn.
“Thank you, sir. But it’s time for me to live on my other home for a while. I’m needed and wanted there, too.”
Brayton nodded. “I understand, at least I’m trying to. General Athru trusted me with the particulars regarding you and your talents, about all the children of mixed parentage. It’s quite…” he paused, his smile returning, “remarkable. And a secret I will keep until the time is right.”
Erynn gazed past him as more men and women in military uniforms emerged from the hangar at a run. She took a step back. “Sir, is Korin safe? What about the infiltration?”
“We are secure here, Erynn.” His gaze locked on her. “Now.” He put his arm around her shoulders, pulling her toward the hangar. “Everyone on Korin and Arranon heard your distress call. We realized Newell’s ship exploded. That’s when I received an urgent communication from General Athru. Those of us waiting for the opportunity struck out against Newell’s men. We fought—and are still fighting. Battles are happening all over Korin, as they are on Arranon. We are taking back what is ours.”
“How do you know who can be trusted?”
“That was easy to figure out after the invasion started. Newell’s people didn’t hide who they were anymore. The traitors came out at the same time, flaunting their superiority.” Brayton chuffed and shook his head. “There weren’t many that fell for the lies Newell propagated.”
Erynn stopped. “What about Senator Drake?”
Brayton held up his hand. “He’ll be dealt with, Erynn. All of them will be dealt with.” The cold, bitter edge in his voice was exactly what Erynn wanted to hear. His tone softened. “I have medical and integration teams standing by. My people will take good care of everyone that came with you.” He sighed and stared into the rising sun. “And today, this is again my command.”
Erynn smiled up at him. “Cale said he would meet me here.”
“Yes, General Athru will come to the base when he’s finished. He, along with several other pilots, flew Interceptors to Korin to assist cleaning out the last vestiges of this alien disease. The invasion was much worse here.” He glanced out across the empty hangar and smiled. “Maybe he’ll bring back the Interceptors he took from me.” He gazed at her and chuckled. “Cale…that old aurdag.” Admiration and amusement added warmth to his voice.
The roar of fighters flying low and fast overhead caused Erynn to glance out the open bay doors.
“That would be Balta squadron returning from Gauliman, another successful mission.”
Balta was her father’s old squadron. Erynn nodded and watched them circle the airstrip. “Appropriate,” she whispered.
“Come on. You look like you could use some rest.”
“I appreciate your concern, sir, but Faylen…” She inhaled. “I’m staying with him, I’ll see to this myself.”
“He’s important to you?”
Erynn narrowed her eyes. “Faylen saved Korin and Arranon.” She glanced out at hundreds of ships. “He saved everyone here.” She stared into Brayton’s face. “He is important to all of us, sir. Faylen’s courage and sacrifice should never be forgotten.”
“Of course, Erynn. But from what General Athru tells me, you had something to do with this, too.”
“I only helped Faylen find what was already there inside him, waiting to come forward. He did the rest.” She smiled. “Very much like what someone did for me.”
Brayton’s expression became serious. “He will be given a hero’s welcome with full recognition of his triumph. The glory of this day and every anniversary of this date will be Faylen’s.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“There is another day marked on our worlds, Erynn, for your father—for Damon. He also died with courage and honor.”
She could no longer contain the mounting sorrows—for her dad, for Faylen, for the children dead on the Andor, and for everyone who’d lost their lives. Tears blurred her vision, flowing freely down her cheeks. She made no move to wipe them away as she stared out over the scene. Men, women, and children came from the ships, turning toward the bright, warm sunshine. The children squinted at the brilliance, touching their faces with splayed fingertips, smiling.
Lieutenant Parin walked from the center of the massing people—his youth more evident without the constant fear and worry he’d lived under. “Thank you, Erynn, from all of us. Thank you, Bakaron.”
“Bakaron?” Erynn tipped her head, smiled, and sniffed.
Parin grinned. “Some of the Ingalin children started calling you Bakaron.” He chuckled. “The name stuck.” He shrugged. “Bakaron means storm in their language.”
Erynn laughed through her tears. “Well, I guess that works.”

***

Erynn stayed in the control tower, listening to one report of victory after another. Later, she found a couch in the pilot’s ready room and tried to sleep a couple of times, but sleep eluded her. Huairs passed, and the alien enemy fell. Without reinforcements of limitless personnel and advanced weapons from the Andor, the people of Korin and Arranon gained the advantage by sheer numbers over this technically superior alien. Victory didn’t come without sacrifice. There were losses, but not in vain.
She left the control tower after hearing the largest battles on Arranon and Korin had ended. The war over, she breathed out all the tension and rolled her neck. Newell’s men were either dead or detained, and traitors in custody or soon to be. No loyal citizen would aid those who had dishonored and abandoned their worlds.
Erynn leaned against the open hangar door, waiting for Cale and gazing over the scramble pad flooded in late-afternoon sun. The previous day, crews had removed the Andor’s transfer ships to secured buildings, and the area was once again empty. Balta and Omegan squadrons’ Interceptors filled this side of the bay. Crews inspected each fighter while listening to pilots recount in detail their near misses and magnificent daring with much laughing and loud, excited voices. Some spoke of bravery, of brothers and sisters no longer with them, but alive in tales of heroism at the greatest price.
Erynn smiled and listened. The stories would live as a monumental event in the history of her worlds forever. She was here, present among these great people, listening to them relive the actual accounts. She glanced down at the dried blood covering her uniform, and her smile faded. Faylen awaited his final voyage to Arranon. She would honor his last request, see to his burial on Arranon, under a tree with red and gold leaves—a small appeal and the least she could do. No more tears, not right now anyway. They would return in quiet times when the purple light softened and the wind stilled. Her heart would mend. The empty spaces would fill with new memories, but she would never forget, nor did she want to.
A low rumble sounded high in the sky off to her right. She pushed away from the doorframe, shading her eyes with her hand to search for the approaching fighters. Eight specks dotted the horizon, moving fast. Their approach slowed and the Interceptors settled like a lover’s gentle kiss on the scramble pad. The canopies hummed open. Crews ran, rolling stairs to each fighter. Cale, Tiar, Sean, Tam, and four other pilots, all of them smiling, climbed from the cockpits.
“Erynn.” Sean shouted. His green eyes shimmered. He jumped from the stairs and ran forward, engulfing her in a hug.
Tam, always graceful, threw her arms around both of them. Tears ran down her glowing, brown cheeks, and she laughed between sobs.
General Athru rushed forward, his silver-gray hair reflecting the last of the evening’s sunlight. He pulled her into his arms. “You did it, Erynn. You did it.”
“Faylen did it, General…Cale. Without him…” She hugged him back, glancing over his shoulder to Tiar.
Tiar stood back by the fighters, smiling, a single tear tracking down his face.
“Hey.” Cale chuckled, pulling back to stare at Erynn. “You called me Cale. Guess I finally made the cut.”
Pilots and crews from the hangar swarmed out, and soon they were all talking at once, congratulating and hugging each other.
Brayton walked from the hangar. “General Athru, I see you finally returned my Interceptors, and my pilots.” He smiled and took Cale’s hand, pulling him into a one-armed hug that Cale returned.
Erynn stiffened, her heart hammering. A presence closed in behind her. In an instant, all the air seemed to disappear, blown away on warm currents to somewhere else. The certainty of his presence slammed into her. She opened her mouth. A breath shuddered in as she turned her head.
He strode around the far corner of the building, long dark hair flowing behind him.
Her heart melted, along with all the sorrow, loss, and pain of the last days. She spun and ran.
Jaer opened his arms and they collided. He swept her up against him, his hold firm. “Kipa,” he whispered into her ear. “My Kipa.”
He brought the air back with him, and she inhaled his spicy scent. He was warm, and strong, and soft, and alive. Her body melded into his. She wanted to burrow in close and never leave, ever.
Jaer set her feet back on the ground and brushed curls from her eyes. His hand slid to her chin and lifted. He kissed her with a gentle strength. Blue tendrils swirled around their embrace, faster and faster.
Jaer laughed lightly against her lips. “Does this mean you are happy?”
“It means I love you.” She smiled at him, losing herself in his deep-brown eyes. She grabbed his shirt and pulled his face toward her, kissing him.
He picked her up again, both of them laughing between kisses.
Sean yelled from the cluster of Interceptors, “Hey, break it up, you two. There’s celebrating to begin.”
Tam wiped at her eyes and punched Sean’s arm. Everyone cheered and laughed.
Cale walked up. “Erynn, after all that’s happened, is there anything you need, anything you’d like?”
Erynn held tight to Jaer and gazed up at the clear blue sky. “Well, I still haven’t flown an Interceptor.”



Chapter 52


DHORAN WOKE. THE POWERFUL EVIL of his soul, his spirit, all that remained of his former physical being roused from a death-like sleep. Zander Tourani had caused this. A trick. Tourani died as a result. The trade-off seemed a fair exchange at the time. Now he would take what he wanted and needed, more. .  Arranon would be his.
How long has my essence slept, imprisoned by time?
The activity of an evil alien presence on his world prodded his consciousness and stirred his attentiveness. Dhoran pulled in his thoughts, wanting to assess his surroundings. He had no sense of the dark, warm, cavernous lair, but knew that was where his spirit-self rested. The recognition came to him of his loyal followers. They stood sentry, watching and waiting for his return.
He reached out from his underworld to touch the sunlit, weather-beaten surface.
The wild creatures of the upper realm froze. They shuddered, aware of the arousal of dark evil deep inside Arranon. Their fear came to him, strong and familiar. The sensation pleased him. The ground shook as the shockwave of his ghostly laughter reverberated to the surface. Zander Tourani wouldn’t win, not this time.
How ironic life could be.


The End
