

Strands
of
Shadow
by Lila Tesa
Copyright 2020 Lila Tesa
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you know someone for whom you feel this book would resonate, please restrict yourself to sending them a link to the author's smashwords page. Thank you.

Table of Contents
Preface
Disclaimer
Read the book
Afterword
Preface
I originally wrote this book with the idea of being its only reader. Once it was finished, I started thinking about maybe showing it to a couple other people, and that brought to mind all kinds of advice, rules I'd heard asserted with great authority. They seemed to be communicating standards that I couldn't meet or that somehow represented the opposite of what I wanted to do. I wrote this book because I needed to, and I wrote it in the way that I needed to write it. I felt that this would make it a sort of non-book, something that no one would have reason to read, that only really made sense for someone like me. And given how singularly odd I seem to be against the backdrop of the rest of humanity, this translated into my feeling that this would be a one-reader book.
Each time I read through it, though, I found in myself a growing feeling that another reader could possibly find something compelling here. Growing, but not consistently. I bounced back and forth between that notion and thoughts about all the “required” bits that I've so urgently rejected. Even as I write this, I'm not at all certain about releasing these pages into the world. I like my brain and what it's done, but I also feel the need to explain myself a little. So this preface is my compromise between keeping my little club limited to one member and opening the doors.
I am neurodivergent and I live with severe C-ptsd. Most of the world is off-limits to me because I so easily become violently traumatized by such a vast array of stimuli: sights, sounds, ideas, attitudes, environments - sometimes it feels like there’s more on the list of triggers than the list of what remains. Much of my life is a hunt for things I can do, places I can be, people I can interact with. A scouring of the world, seeking out these little corners where I can exist, and where the person that I am can unfold and breathe and maybe sometimes shine. 
I’m always tempted by libraries. The idea of losing myself in a good book is so compelling, but unfortunately I experience most books in much the same way that I experience most of the world. There have been a few that I’ve loved, and I’ll read a book like that over and over, just to go be in that place that one inhabits while reading it. But eventually I want to read another book. And so often I am unable to find anything that doesn’t leave me incapacitated.
So for one thing, I wanted to create one myself. I wanted to create a book that I could read, that I could go live in in the way that one lives in a book while reading it. A book that wouldn’t do me any damage, a book that I would like, a mental space in which I could exist. That was the main driving force behind writing this book.
There have been other reasons I’ve wanted to write, and I go into more detail about that elsewhere, so I’ll just give a brief indication of it here. One is that I’ve always felt that I had a book in me. I’ve always loved to write but only wrote letters and little essays, just for myself and the occasional friend. When I would try to approach the idea of a larger project, specifically fiction, my mind would go completely blank. My mental illnesses would close in on me and try to eat me. I’ve made many attempts, sought out many resources, over the course of my life, always with the same results. So it’s been in the back of my mind for a long time, this question of whether I would ever be able to write anything.
Another reason is that I’ve found that my experience of being alive seems to be significantly different in ways from that of many other people, so there is the notion that there could be something worthwhile about bringing some of this to the page. I feel that I have a certain character, humor, intelligence, really I’m not sure what name to give it, but this being that I am, I wanted to give it a place to shine through, in this sort of medium. I wanted to show some of the bright lights that shine in my eyes, and sometimes through them. This felt urgent for a long time, and a day came when I found that I had to abandon it, only to get it back in a different form, but that’s a story for another place and time.
But back to how this book isn’t what some of the conventional wisdom seems to suggest that a book is supposed to be. As I said earlier, a main motivation for me in writing was to create a book that would be free of things that I can find traumatizing, even though many of these things are often considered to be important ingredients in any work of fiction. Many aspects of conflict. You know how they make your main character really miserable at the hands of some disturbing person, so that you just hate them, you become so angry that when things resolve in favor of the protagonist the release is almost cathartic? I can’t do that. My baseline stress levels are so high that that preparatory conflict puts me over an edge of sorts. So, in this way and in many others, some may well find this book to be terribly uneventful. My apologies if you’ve somehow come here in error, with a mistaken impression of what the book was going to be.
So, writing for myself, what does that look like? What do I like to read or think about? What’s going to be in here? Typically it’s got to do with inner workings. Of a person’s mind, or their emotional processes. I have spent enough time fighting for my life within my own being that this sort of terrain has become my home in a way. I am not averse to darker feelings and thoughts, and am not willing to be told that they’re something to be overcome or moved past etc. (Well, I can’t control what anyone chooses to say, or tries to say to me, but I can express that said saying will certainly result in more of those dark thoughts, directed at said sayer.) I like goofball trains of thought and twisty bits of interaction, and hope that I’m able to fully enter that mental space, in the writing, where I’m able to access my ability to generate these sorts of things. Because I want them in this place I’m building. 
I can’t fully say what changed between the decades during which I couldn’t write and the beginning of this project. The main issue seemed to be a matter of access to many of my internal resources. I’ve found this to be intimately connected to aspects of my mental health. And while my mental health persists, in many ways, in dragging me through a waking nightmare, I’ve been lucky enough to stumble into (or possibly, partly create?) a few cracks in the walls that it had erected, that had been keeping me from being able to generate fiction for so long. Even then, even once I had begun to construct some scaffolding upon which I could begin to write dialogue and develop characters, there have been overwhelming obstacles. One such obstacle has been that ever-present standard collection of advice, expectations and norms, that tell us how we must do and not do things. It was crucial for me to dispense with these things. It’s not so easy, though, to discard things you don’t know you’re holding, or that are holding you. So many notions sit within a culture and seep into us without our knowledge or consent, so it can be a glacially slow process to even become aware that they exist in us, that we’re affected by them - a vital prerequisite to effectively rejecting them. This slowness can be a reality, unfortunately, even if you think of yourself as someone who rejects most of what the world around us presumes that we will accept.
A couple comments on the specifics of what I’ve done here. I needed characters for this thing. And with the world being such an unworkable place for me, I couldn’t develop adult characters very well, giving them lives that I don’t understand, that I recoil from. So I made most of them teenagers. They don’t quite have to live in the world yet, in certain ways. So you might find these teenagers to be a little more sophisticated in some aspects of their mental processes than they ought to. My somewhat sincere apologies if this is terribly disturbing to anyone.
There are a handful of conversations here that happen in American Sign Language (ASL). For the most part, I’m just giving the English translations and not attempting to express what the communications would actually look like in ASL grammar. There are systems for conveying ASL in print, but it would have complicated the writing, slowed down the reading, and possibly not been very interesting to anyone who isn’t studying the language.
So, you’ve been warned, right? You’re entering my part playground, part therapy session, part manifesto, part fantasy world, in a form that looks suspiciously like a novel. The rules and the culture are a little different here, as they must be.

Lila Tesa
November 2020
Disclaimer
I am not a therapist, a doctor, or a professional in any medical or psychiatric-related field, nor have I, in the writing of this book, consulted with any such professionals. I am also not a carpenter, a marine biologist, an insurance agent, master gardener, mailman, dog catcher, speed chess player, restorer of vintage bicycles, Linux guru, cartoonist, funeral director, sign language interpreter, pirate or singer of sea shanties. I have also never learned to knit.
1
“‘No drugs in this house!’” Auden was shaking with rage. “No drugs in this house? Jesus. There weren’t any drugs. I mean, it was in a scene in a movie. Sometimes I feel like I’m going to go crazy in there. Watching people getting high on a screen makes me a pot-head now? This is barely living and I’m not even allowed to do that, I’m gonna lose it, I swear.”
“It’s true,” Luna replied. “Let’s kill her.”
“Thank you. You always make it easier. But you’re ok, aren’t you?”
“Yeah, I guess I am.”
“I wish I understood, or maybe it’s not about understanding.”Auden continued as they walked farther and farther from the house. “I wish I could just feel the way you do. Seems like that’s not in the cards. Everything does me in. I know it’s not like that for you, but you still know how to voice the intensity that I’m experiencing. I wish people had a clue about that. What that kind of support looks like and how urgent it is. I’m lucky I’ve got you.”
“You’re not the only lucky one.”
“What, so this is good for you, getting to listen to the unending ravings of the perpetually angry?”
“Well, I’m not saying we’re wired the same, I’m not saying that without you I’d become you, but someone’s got to get upset about this stuff. If I were alone in it, maybe I wouldn’t have the exact same reaction that you experience, but I think I’d be carrying a lot more stress than I do with you here. Hearing your anger validates my feelings, keeps me from feeling like I’m going to lose my mind. Probably more slowly, more of a rotting away, but still no fun. Your anger kind of burns a hole in that, we try to treat your burns and we can both go on.”
“It’s good to know you feel that way about it, I mean really good, that I’m not a total liability to you, that there’s actually some value in knowing me and talking to me, for you. But. She still drives me nuts. I still feel like I’m going to crack. I really do think something’s got to give. I need to move out, or she needs to be medicated or something.”
“I’d hate it if you left. And you know she’d never accept medication.”
“Oh right! The wretched drugs. There’s no escape from her insanity.”
“Perhaps if she were hit by a bus.”
“Thank you. I don’t want to be this angry.”
“A compact car then.”
“Weirdo. I appreciate it though. But what am I actually going to do? Can we do some kind of intervention and get her into therapy or something? Should I apply for study abroad? Maybe build a cabin in the woods and start writing my manifesto?”
“Maybe. I mean the therapy. I’m not sure. I mean, I don’t know how she’d react. I think an intervention would backfire if anyone tried something like that on me.”
“Yeah, me too.”
“And I still don’t want you to go.”
“What do I do then? I’m still shaking, I’m so angry.”
“I think it’s a hard problem, and if there is a solution, we won’t find it while we’re all worked up. I think for now we just blow off steam, then sometime when we’re feeling more sane we sit down and outline the problem and what we need. Then we let the whole thing percolate in the back of our minds for a few days. I do my best problem solving when I’m not trying to think about whatever it is.”
“Wait. You’re worked up? This is ‘worked up’ for you?”
“I’m worked up on the inside.”
“Again, weirdo.”
“Thank you.”
“So how do you propose we blow off said steam?”
“Well, we could run fast, wear ourselves out. Or head down to the ravine and just scream. We can compose deranged morbid poetry and recite it as we walk. Or we could make nasty grimacing faces at anyone unfortunate enough to be walking in the opposite direction.”
“Ok, nixing that last one but I really like it. I’m going to go with running and poetry for 200, Alex.”
“It’s Luna.”
“Right, right, so sorry. Also, RIP Alex.” 
Auden continued, “I have a modification to propose.”
“Yes?”
“Simultaneous running and poetry.”
“Sounds perfect for a crazy person and a weirdo.”
“Hey.”
Luna shrugged and started to run. Auden propelled himself into a sprint, caught up and and kept pace. They shouted out verse as it came to mind.
“Sheila, Sheila, where’s your head?
There, under the flower bed?”
“Sheila, what’s that on your plate?
Is that arsenic you ate?”
“Some will say our work is shoddy
But they never found the body”
The running recital continued until they were out of breath and ideas, and they collapsed, panting, against the chain link fence on the side of the trail heading toward the ravine.
“Head back?” Luna asked.
“Yeah. That was good. Thanks. I mean, it’s a band aid, but still.”
“We’ll figure something out, we’ll get through this. I promise.”
“Awe. You writing greeting cards now? That one would go good with a unicorn on it.”
“I’ll make a note of that, thank you.”
They made their way back to their street and braced themselves for re-entry. As they approached the house they saw a figure on the porch, that became recognizable once they got close enough.
“Uncle Aaron!”
“Hey Kids, How’s it going?”
“Great,” Auden said, “now that you’re here.”
“Well thank you.”
“But she’s driving us nuts.”
“How’s that?”
“We’re not allowed to do anything. She doesn’t like the movies we want to watch or the music we listen to, or our friends, it’s like we’re living in a prison.”
“Do you have any idea what it’s actually like to live in a prison?”
“Okay, no. But I just feel like I’m suffocating, everything at home is so restrictive, it’s like I can’t stretch out and see how far I extend, it’s like I have to cram myself into this little box.”
“You know, it’s a tricky thing, growing up. It’s like we go through a stage where we need to do things that our parents don’t like, or actually things they hate. I think it’s part of finding ourselves, breaking away from our sense of being their children, and it takes a lot of force to make that break. Plus you’re getting flooded with all kinds of over-the-top hormones at your age, and-”
“No. Uncle Aaron. You don’t understand. This isn’t us being rebellious. We’re not giving her any trouble. She’s really going nuts on us. Losing it, screaming, blaming us for something that happened in a movie.” Auden’s hands tensed up with an almost violent anger, and then he just dropped his head, letting his face fall into his hands. “Just today she yelled at us for having drugs in the house, and there weren’t any. Not actual drugs. Just on the screen. She was shrieking. We had to leave.”
“It’s true,” Luna added. “It’s been really hard to live here.”
“I’m sorry. Maybe I underestimated what you were trying to say. But do you remember when you guys were little? Or even up to just a couple years ago? She was a good mom to you. You had good childhoods, Didn’t you? I mean, that’s the same person you’re talking about. Can you give her some points for all she’s done for you for so long, being there for you, being so good to you for so many years? Can you float her any benefit of the doubt? Can you remind yourself that this is the same person and cut her a little slack?”
“We did have good childhoods. She was a good mom when we were little. But it was different. We were kids. Having your mom decide where to take you and what toys to get you and how your time would be filled, it made sense then.” Auden continued. “But it doesn’t now. And she’s reining us in so tight and being so psychotic when she can’t force us into her fantasy of who she wants us to be, honestly Uncle Aaron I feel like I’m going to lose my mind. Everything I try to do, everything I like, every friend I try to make, it all just sets off this craziness. She doesn’t want us to have lives at all. To have thoughts of our own, to be like, actual real people. Why did she even have kids?”
“Well, she didn’t really.”
“What.”
Aaron was silent for a minute, alarmed that he had just shared this with them, but chose to proceed, deciding it was necessary for them to understand.
“Sit down.”
“Your birth parents died when you were both very young,” Aaron continued, to silence. “Sheila chose to take care of you.”
“Oh god.”
Auden stared off into space. Luna looked like her mind had stopped processing, not for lack of trying.
“What kind of person gives up her life to raise someone else’s kids?And never even talks about it?” Auden asked, seemingly addressing the void into which he was staring.
“She’s a remarkable person,” their uncle answered.
They sat on the porch and he told them some of Sheila’s story. What he knew of it, anyway.
I can tell you a good bit more.
2
Sheila sat at the table, looking down at her plate. Mom had made her a bologna and cheese sandwich on white bread with the crusts cut off, and there was a little bowl of grapes. These were her favorite lunch foods, but it was hard to eat. She used to eat easily, happily, when she was really little, but there was a sad, heavy feeling most of the time now, since the lights had gone out.
She barely remembered the light in her world, but her belly seemed to know something was wrong. The light had been in her mother’s eyes. Her father’s too, when she was really little. There was warmth and happiness when her mom would put her lunch in front of her. There was still food every day, and it was still her mother preparing it and bringing it to the table, but somehow at the same time it was as though her mother was dead. She didn’t know she was grieving. She was sad and lonely and skinny.
Her older brother and sister had gone off into their own worlds. Maybe they didn’t need Mom and Dad much in the first place.
More and more, the sadness permeated the house, and it became hard for the girl to breathe. She went outside and sat on the front steps, drawn toward the warmth of the sun.
She shut her eyes and tried to draw comfort from the rays hitting her face. She pretended it was working, because she imagined that was better than not pretending it was working. She decided she would stay a couple more minutes.
Something wet touched her knee and she jumped, eyes open. It was the nose of a brown puppy, eagerly attempting to share some affection.
She reached for it and it climbed into her lap, licking her face as she hugged it. She sobbed and laughed at the same time, feeling she’d been pulled back from death.
They were nuzzling each other when she heard a voice say “There you are!” It was Mrs. Odwal from a couple houses up the street. “You’re making some friends already! Sheila, this is Dooley. We brought him home today. You come and visit him any time you want to, ok?”
Sheila nodded.
The time she would spend with Dooley was like a fuel source that sustained her through the lonely times, to be replenished during their daily visits.
“Mom, Mrs Odwal asked if I could start walking Dooley in the afternoons.”
Mom was staring out the window.
“Mom? Dooley? Can I walk him?”
“Oh. Dooley. Walk the dog. Sure. Sure.”
Every weekday at 3:00, Sheila would get Dooley and take him out to explore the world. First around the block, then into town, sometimes onto the trails in the woods. One day they went to the park. There were other kids there, a little older than Sheila, some of them with dogs. Dooley pulled on his leash, drawing Sheila along in his excitement to make new friends. One of the girls smiled at her, which helped to alleviate her fears of crowding in on this unfamiliar group.
“What’s your dog’s name?”
“Dooley. But he’s my neighbor’s dog.”
“This is Rusty. I’m Kate.”
“Sheila.”
They were interrupted by a couple of the other kids, imitating their parents, acting out “life at home” then moaning and laughing.
“I’m laughing, but it’s crazy,” one of the kids, a tall boy, said. “It’s like she’s there but she’s not. I swear I don’t know how much longer I’m gonna make it there.”
Sheila’s eyes widened, fixed on the boy. She almost forgot about Dooley, her hand loosening its grip on his leash.
“Are you ok?” Kate asked.
“Yeah, it’s just-” she trailed off, transfixed by this conversation that seemed to be describing her world, her life, or what it had become.
One of the other girls was trying to comfort the boy. “You know you’ve just got to keep coming to meetings. You share, you hit the points, you call your program friends.”
“Just what?” Kate touched Sheila’s arm, concerned. “Don’t lose your dog.”
Sheila saw that she had dropped the leash and retrieved it.
“There are meetings? Where? What are the points? It’s just, what he said about his mom.” Her voice started to crack and Kate could see that her interest wasn’t a frivolous curiosity.
“Hey guys, this is Sheila. Sounds like she could use a meeting. This is Tim, and Dana.”
“And Kelly.”
“And Kelly.”
“Yeah, don’t mind me, I’m just the one everyone seems to forget.” Kelly explained as she lobbed a nerf ball at Kate’s head.
“Hi,” Sheila said to the group.
“Hi Sheila. We go on Tuesdays,” Dana explained. “It’s at the church on the corner.”
“Church?”
“No, it’s not church, we just use the space for a couple hours. Sometimes we get pie or something after.”
“Usually,” Kelly corrected.
“Usually, ok. Someone doesn’t like to even think about missing out on pie. Anyway, you can come if you want.”
“What do I do?”
“Nothing. You can just sit and listen if you want. If you feel like introducing yourself, talking about stuff, you can do that too.”
“I’ve got to talk to my mom.”
“Well come by on Tuesday if you can. 7:00.”
*****
“Mom, I met some kids walking their dogs at the park. They invited me to go get pie with them on Tuesday. Okay if I go?”
Sheila held her breath. She tried her best to seem grown up and casual, to somehow ask without her mom really noticing her. She thought she’d better not mention the meeting with other kids whose moms felt like ghosts.
“Sure, have a nice time.”
“It’s not until Tuesday.”
“Right. Tuesday. Okay.”
*****
Sheila stood in front of her mirror in her fifth attempt at a choice of clothing for the meeting. More than anything, she felt a combination of relief and excitement to learn that there were people out there who know about that hollow sadness, that living death in the being of a person she so intimately needed, whose emotional absence rips into her core. She didn’t know what to expect but she would go and listen to them, maybe talk to them, but above all, just be with them. Them, though. What of that? People in her life? She’d never had friends and she wasn’t so bold as to assume it possible, but the excitement at even a glimmer of opportunity electrified her. And she didn’t want to arrive looking like, well, looking like someone no one would want to be friends with.
She chose a white shirt with pink shorts, sandals and a bracelet made of little stones. She walked to the church full of excitement and fear, fighting the urge to walk too fast. She didn’t want to arrive too early.
“Hey Sheila!”
Kate and her friends were in the parking lot, two of them mock-fighting, then mock making up as they all started toward the building.
“Hey.”
“Hi Sheila. Glad you made it.”
She fell in with them, and joined them at their table for the meeting.
A brown-haired girl sat at a table in the front of the room, facing the rest of the gathering.
“Hi I’m Maddy.”
“Hi Maddy!” Everyone answered with the standard chorus.
After a few introductory remarks, Maddy began talking about her life.
“I think about all the pain from my mom, and I’m not saying I’m fine with some of her screw-ups, but when she didn’t show up to drive me home from track, or when she spent the money that was supposed to be for my prom dress so she could get high, I felt like recovery from those were sort of lesser projects. The thing that has left a gaping hole that persists is, well it’s those times when we would sit together in the living room and she Just. Wasn’t. There. Right in front of me, and yet I was alone, when I needed the warmth of another human heart, when I was hurting for enough connection to feel the understanding and kindness that I needed from my mother.
“Besides not getting things I needed, besides the stunting and other dysfunction that may have created, there was an almost violent disorientation to it. As though any problem, any pain, any issue at all, must be in my imagination because she’s right here. The problem was very real and very important and very damaging, but also made it very easy to get tangled up in illusions and lies. From her, from the world, and eventually, most brutally, from inside my own mind.”
Over time, Sheila learned that each meeting had some sort of a theme: usually one of the points in their program, and Maddy went on to tie in her experiences with the theme she’d chosen. Sheila did her best to pay attention, but mostly she fell into a euphoria, amazed that this place was real, with so many people who understood, and that she could come here and be with them. Something in her relaxed for the first time in what felt like forever, something that had been painfully tight for as long as she could remember, and she sat, looking out at the meeting, shedding tear after tear of relief. 
She only noticed that the talk had ended because people started getting up from their tables and approaching the speaker to offer thanks and other good thoughts.
“Is this your first time?”
It was a grown up, maybe a 19- or 20-year-old.
“Yeah. I came with Kate and her friends.”
“I’m Lori.”
“Sheila. Nice to meet you.”
“You should take some pamphlets. They explain about the program. They’re free.”
Lori picked out three pamphlets and handed them to Sheila.
“I’m glad you found us and I hope you’ll come back. If you have any questions or need to talk, you can call me.”
Lori handed her a card with her number on it.
“Thank you. I’m glad I found you guys.”
She heard someone from the group she’d come in with, calling from the doorway. It was Tim.
“Hey Sheila! We’re going to the diner for pie. You coming?”
Sheila thanked Lori again, gathered up her papers and ran to catch up with the other kids.
“So what’d you think?
It was Dana, the girl who’d been horsing around with Tim. There was something wonderful about her. What was it? She was beautiful in a way you didn’t notice until she started talking to you. Her eyes gave you a feeling of being on fire yet completely grounded at the same time. A complete lack of pretense, she was just genuinely present, it was so simple, but stunning at the same time.
“It was great to be around all these people who, well, who get it. About parents being there but not there. That’s probably the biggest thing for me. I didn’t know all the program stuff, but it feels good that I came.”
“Yeah I remember the first time I came. It was like finally getting to breathe. I had thought I was crazy. I thought it was just me.”
“Exactly! Seems obvious now, but before, I don’t know, it’s like it was too scary to even think things could be different, that there could be some other way.”
Dana guided her through a turn while they talked. 
“Like we got out of a prison we didn’t know we were in. That we couldn’t afford to let ourselves know. It would have been too much.”
“Yeah! The program they talk about though, the points, how do I find out about all that?”
“You got those pamphlets. Read those, and there’s a book. It costs five dollars though. I could lend you mine.”
“No, I’ve got some money. My neighbor pays me to walk her dog.”
“Oh that cute little guy you brought to the park?”
“Yeah. Dooley.”
“Awe. Dooley. So you can get a book next week at the meeting. They’re on the table in the back.”
Sheila was so involved in talking to Dana that she almost forgot they were walking with the other kids and was surprised to find that they had arrived at the diner.
The kids piled into their favorite booth and Sheila felt an unexpected warmth, the image of her own presence in the little mob painted a picture of belonging in her mind. She felt it swelling in her chest and experienced a slight shiver as she recognized the emotion.
“What are you kids having?”
Even the waitress had a comforting way about her. An older, broad-shouldered blonde woman, and she just seemed like she probably had a slight edge to her. As though she didn’t care what anyone thought. Sheila wanted to use the word “crazy”, but that wasn’t quite right. “Someone her parents might call crazy” – that was more like it. But Sheila felt safe, and sort of energized, in her presence. And anyway, her parents weren’t here. It was just Sheila and the gang from the meeting, and Sheila liked her.
The kids had started to order.
Kate ordered first: “Cherry pie and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.”
Then Tim: “Blueberry pie.”
And Dana: “Chocolate milkshake.” 
“I thought we were getting pie. I want a milkshake,” Tim said.
Kelly was next: “Hot fudge sundae.”
“Rebel.”
“What are you, the pie police?” Kelly asked.
“Are you new around here? He is exactly the pie police,” Dana answered.
Kate looked at Sheila who hadn’t ordered yet. “Sheila? What are you gonna get?”
“Peach pie and a scoop of vanilla.”
The peach pie was hot and the ice cream was sweet. Sheila shut her eyes and lost herself in the taste and the feel of the peaches and crust in her mouth as she savored them. The laughter of the other kids all around her enveloped her in warmth. This happiness was an unfamiliar treat and she was determined to feel it as fully as she could.
She felt like a grown up, having dessert in a restaurant.
And she felt like a kid, having fun with her new crowd.
It was a while before she got out of her head and started processing the conversations. The talking had become more serious-sounding. Tim was staring at the ceiling, addressing no one.
“Drugs hollow them out. They want them too much. There’s nothing left in them to care about anything else, because they can’t pull their thoughts and their desires away from their next fix. Trying to connect with them is like going into a restaurant but all the tables are taken. It seems like there should be somewhere to sit, and you look and look, but there’s nowhere for you.”
Sheila knew her parents didn’t do drugs.
Her experience had so much in common, though, with the descriptions she heard from the kids in the program, she knew she was a part of this new family. She had to be. To feel this alive, to feel this connection and warmth, and to go back to that cold lonely world, she couldn’t even imagine it.
She sensed that it could be dangerous to talk about things being different in her family. She didn’t want to risk losing her new friends, her new life. And maybe the commonalities were enough. She didn’t think about it long: the risk of finding that she needed to speak up, and the chance of being rejected and ejected were too dangerous for her. So she decided. The main thing was that they were the same in important ways. She focused on their narrative and over time fully absorbed it into herself:
Drugs hurt people. Drugs take people from the ones they love. Drugs leave shells behind, fooling friends and family into believing those they need and care for are with them, but the drugs lie. They paint an elaborate lie. They deceive us and hurt us.
She learned these things. Her dedication to these ideas came to feel like the foundation upon which her new home was built, and doing (or thinking or feeling) anything to put that home at risk was unthinkable.
The thought faded from her mind. 
She couldn’t live without a home.
The safety and warmth were crucial and she would have them.
She locked in, made her decision, and dove into the reality defined by her new family.
*****
Safely in her room, Sheila pulled out the program materials she had hidden under her shirt. She put Lori’s number in the little wooden box on her dresser, her “box for special things”, and brought the pamphlets to her bed, propped herself upon her elbows and started to read.

Our program is here for us to build what we have lost through our loved ones’ addictions.
If you want to work the program,
Come to meetings
Stay in contact with the friends you make here
Give your attention, dedication, and effort to the points of the program
The points are listed on the following pages. Some are projects for individual members to work on. Some are ideas that we strive, with the help of our friends in the program, to internalize. Some are explorations that we engage in together, some apart. Some are materials with which we must become well-versed, etc. Expanded discussions on how to make the best use of each point are included in our program book, but this list is a good place to see a little of what the program is about.
*****
The Points
1. Receiving validation that your experiences are real and that they matter
2. Learning about how addiction works and how it can affect loved ones
3. Learning about common patterns and reactions to life with an addict
4. Building a nurturing, supportive environment in which we can create a foundation for the healing and growth that was lost through the addictive situation
5. Exploring options for building sources of inner strength
6. Connecting with friends from the program to talk through difficult issues
7. Making room for our own reactions while giving ourselves alternatives
8. Thinking about how we want to approach real life situations
Developing boundaries, detachment, pausing for mindful assessing
Experiencing our internal reaction, giving internal acknowledgment,
then choosing our outward actions and reactions
9. Individually sitting with emotional content
Sharing what experiences we’ve found, and ideas on process.
Directly/Meditation 
Auxiliary: relaxation exercises, affirmations
10. Doing inventories: situations, needs, desires, plans
11. Addressing physical health: Activity/motion/strength/flexibility
Healthy eating, healthy positive patterns:
Sleep, mindful choices, routines
12. Giving back

There was a block of text on one section of the pamphlet that read

Welcome to Teen Night.
We’re glad you’re here. Please keep coming back. If you’ve read through the list of points, you may feel that the work ahead is too daunting or that you’d better get started right away. Both are natural reactions but neither is necessary. Just coming to meetings for a while, listening to the speaker and other shares, talking with friends if you like, these are excellent ways to spend your time in the beginning of your program. This will give the values and approaches here a chance to sink in, allowing you to get a sense of how things work, as well as where you’re at and what you need.
You’ll also be getting some experience with point 1: validation that your experiences are real and that they matter, and creating a safe place to feel. You’ll hear others’ stories receive supportive responses, and you may find commonalities between their stories and your own. In this way you may begin to feel more sure about this environment as a place where we can safely share and where we will be validated.
It’s important not to rush this process. We have to let it happen naturally. Our emotional experiences and impressions can also take a while to emerge. Sometimes a piece of progress lays the groundwork for further developments, but we must often go through a period of absorption first.

These writings put Sheila at ease. She was eager to get started, but also felt a little lost. Now she had been given permission, instruction even, to spend some time just attending, enjoying, and absorbing the meetings, socializing with her new gang, living really. And she did.
She went to meetings. She went to the diner with the crew. She walked Dooley. It was enough. She let her life revolve around the vibrant part and quietly, slowly, detached from the void at home. She ate there, she slept there, had quiet time in the privacy of her bedroom there, and it was a place to keep her clothes and a few other things. But her life, her heart’s sustenance, was in the meetings, the diner, the streets and trails of her neighborhood.
3
As Sheila got a little older she expanded the territory of her and Dooley’s explorations.
One day she crossed the bridge that went over the river and noticed a foot path that wound up into the woods. They made their way between the trees as the scent of honeysuckle filled their noses. Strips of sunlight fell on her face as the path widened, making it hard to see while her eyes adjusted to the light. As her vision recovered, she found that the trail opened onto a narrow cobblestone street with red brick sidewalks.
The street was full of beautiful old houses, with gardens in front that made her stop at each one: she needed to take them in as fully as she could.
First she saw a vegetable garden. A row of glistening tomato plants, beans climbing strings tied to a fence, raised beds of lettuce and kale, big squash plants sprawling across a mulched path, and other plants she didn’t recognize.
Then there was a house with an old stone wall that had little purple flowers cascading over the top, and beyond the wall was an explosion of colors tucked into every crevice of a winding dirt path. Purple trumpet vines, salmon-colored roses, bunches of daisies, and pretty little yellow flowers she didn’t know the name of.
One yard was a rock garden with a little fountain and a huge bird bath. Birds were splashing in the water and drying themselves on an iron fence nearby.
Another yard had every sort of fruit bush and fruit tree. Blueberries, raspberries, figs, mulberries, and strawberries overflowing from a row of planters. Her mouth watered, but she tore herself away.
Another yard was full of plants and trees with big exotic-looking leaves. In the center was a sculpture that supported a gigantic glistening globe that reflected light in a rainbow of colors all around. She felt like she’d wandered into a fantasy land.
There was a gap between two houses where Sheila came across an old stone stairway that stretched up the long back hillside. She and Dooley began to climb. They passed the gardens, the houses, the backyards, and were again in a forest, but as they reached the top, the trees gave way to a clearing full of gardens even more beautiful than the ones below, and in the center was a fountain with statues of dolphins frozen in time, as though they were caught jumping out of the water.
They made their way along a winding path between fields of tall wispy wildflowers until the path widened to a circle containing the fountain. When they reached the circle, Sheila saw a boy sitting cross-legged on the ground, his eyes closed, his head slightly lifted, facing the dolphins. Dooley saw him too and darted over.
Sheila was so startled by the sight of the boy that she wasn’t able to regain her grip on Dooley’s leash, and he leapt at the boy’s lap, excited and affectionate as always, but collided with his chest, knocking him over. He was a great deal bigger and heavier than the day Mrs Odwal brought him home.
“Oh! I’m sorry! Dooley no! Are you okay?”
The boy was laughing as Dooley, who was now on top of him, intently licked his face.
“It’s fine. Great actually. I like your dog.”
He rolled himself out from underneath and was scratching behind Dooley’s ears and playfully scruffing up his fur.
“What’s his name?”
“Dooley.”
“Hi Dooley,” he said, looking Dooley in the eye while continuing to roughhouse with him. “I’m Adam.”
He was older than he looked at first, probably around her age. She was still shaken from having stumbled upon him, and her mind was in some sort of a tailspin. It was just barely processing their interaction and had only registered that they had each contributed a name, creating the illusion that introductions had been completed, so she found herself disoriented by the fact that he was now staring at her expectantly.
After a terrifyingly awkward and confusing couple seconds, he asked, “Do you have a name too or is it just ‘the girl with Dooley’?”
Immediately she realized what she had done and started laughing.
“Sheila. But I like ‘the girl with Dooley’. I’d answer to that. I’m sorry he tackled you!”
“It’s really ok. I love dogs and I don’t have one of my own so I have to take dog time where I can get it.”
“What were you doing? When we showed up?”
“Oh. I meditate here. Or try to. I feel better if I can do a little bit every day, but there’s too much noise at home, so I come here.”
“Works out great when you’re not getting tackled by overenthusiastic dogs, I guess.”
“This happens surprisingly infrequently.”
“I’ve never been here before. It’s beautiful.”
“Yeah. I think it makes a difference if we can spend some time in beautiful places.”
Sheila was tugging on Dooley’s leash, trying to get him back to her side but he was intent on sticking with Adam.
“He uh, he likes you I think.”
“Smart dog.” Adam grinned.
“I can’t seem to-”
“I could walk along with you for a while.”
“Great!”
“Can I hold the leash?”
She handed him the leash and he and Dooley raced around the fountain a few times and then sprinted down one of the paths through the field. When they returned, Dooley was panting and put his head in the fountain for a drink.
“Dooley.”
“I think we got some of that wild energy out of him, for now anyway.”
They walked along the winding path through the field of wild flowers, away from the fountain, and away from the entrance where Sheila had discovered this place. The path took them around and past a tree full of bluebirds. Soon they were on a dirt path in the woods listening to the birds and the wind in the trees. At the end of the woods, the path connected with another cobblestone road like the one Sheila had discovered earlier. The houses here, too, made her want to stay forever, staring at each one, taking in the euphoric feeling they instilled in her.
“I never knew any of this was here. It’s so beautiful.”
“Yeah. I like walking through this neighborhood. It’s pretty well hidden. A couple of years ago there was a fire. A mansion burned down over on the hillside. Someone called the fire department but no one could figure out how to get here on the main roads.”
“I feel like I’ve walked into a fairy tale.”
They explored the streets, pointing out different sights to each other and sometimes just stopping to marvel at a place, to try to take in the feeling it gave them, until their receptors went numb and, laughing at the futility of their efforts, moved on.
They returned to the clearing where they met.
“There’s the fountain.”
“Yeah. Wow. That feels like a long time ago.”
“How often do you walk him?”
“Every day.”
“Maybe I’ll see you again then.”
“Yeah. That’d be great.”
“Bye Sheila.”
“Bye Adam.”
She led Dooley away, and this time he was too tired to put up a fight; he was ready to go home.
After dropping him off, Sheila took from the fridge a container of rice and beans she had made the day before, threw a handful of greens on top, added some oil, vinegar and salt, and took her plate to the front steps where she sat down to eat.
Through her time in the program she had come to understand that depending on her mother could bring on a wave of unhealthy processes and painful experiences. Initially she focused on contexts that seemed most crucial and most obvious, like not depending on her for warmth and emotional support or connection. She had learned that besides the unmet needs themselves, her expectation, her focus on the feeling that these things should have been there, created an avalanche of extra stress and pain as it stood in contrast with the reality of her mother’s limitations.
This was not to challenge the idea that that emotional support should have been there. It should have, and she knew that. She deserved love. But choosing not to focus on it, and being able to stop investing emotional energy there, had made a big difference in her own sense of personal stability and well-being. She knew there was a time when she had no choice but to focus on her mother, when that pull had left her with nothing and the pain was too severe to share her attention. She knew that this new option was not a given, for anyone, at any time. And she was grateful that it had become an option for her, and that she was able to take it.
With no expectations of support from her mother, she had continued to build her own foundation in the program, in her connections with the people there, her quiet time walking Dooley, her new friendship with Adam maybe. But she had also begun to extend her detachment from expectation to practical issues as well. Preparing her own meals spared her from that hollow feeling of her mother’s vacant manner. She could give herself strength, show herself care, cultivate a connection within herself that brought her a feeling of warmth and grounding.
She ate and looked out at the street, savoring the feeling of connection within herself, remembering that things weren’t always this way.
4
Walking to the diner felt different coming from home instead of a meeting. Kate had called and asked if she could meet her and someone who wanted to find out about the group.
The two of them were going to spend some one-on-one time, but after that Kate wanted things to feel less intense, more social, so that’s when Sheila would join them.
She walked into the diner and Kate caught her eye, motioned for her to come over.
“Lia, this is Sheila. Sheila, Lia.”
“Hi. So, are you, um,”
“In the program? Yeah. I’m definitely in the program!” Sheila said, laughing.
“Oh good.”
Lia looked at Kate. “I’m still pretty shaken up. I don’t think I want to change the subject yet if that’s okay.”
“Oh sure! I just wanted it to be an option, but whatever you want.”
Lia turned to Sheila. “I want to start coming. I definitely need something. I just had a really bad experience: I tried the twelve-step stuff and it left me way worse than when I got there.”
“Oh no! I’m sorry! I’ve never done twelve-step so I don’t know what it’s like. What happened?”
“Well, overall it felt like more of the kind of thing I’m trying to heal from. Not even heal yet, just get clear of, find somewhere safe where I can get my bearings and maybe start to get into a better state where I could conceivably start recovering.
“I have a lot of experiences in my background where I felt like I wasn’t allowed to exist, or maybe to assert that I exist, or that I deserve to be able to protect myself. It’s hard to describe, but it’s like I wasn’t allowed any boundaries or respect, I wasn’t allowed to say how things felt to me or have it be important, I wasn’t allowed to define anything about my own life with any authority. So like a sort of war-zone over the basic integrity of my being. A war I was losing in really painful ways. I mean I think at the core of me I was holding on, at least to the idea that these things are my right. But the whole thing was doing me so much damage – I was always in unbearable pain, feeling so violated. I usually wasn’t even well enough to think about seeking any kind of support. But at some point I had a few decent days - I do sometimes - and I started going to their meetings.
“And it was like they just wanted to tear me down even more, when I needed to be built up. They wanted me to make it a practice to take blame when I’ve spent my life getting blamed and punished and shunned for everything and every non-thing around. There’s all this humbling yourself and relinquishing control when I needed someone to tell me ‘You matter. What you’re experiencing is valid’ and help me to get to where I know it, deeply, and get to where I could say it for myself. Build me up, help me learn to take the wheel, not pressure me to hand it over.”	
Sheila caught Lia’s gaze and held it, and said slowly, in a voice so low it was almost a whisper,
“You matter. What you’re experiencing is valid.”
Lia threw her arms around her and squeezed, crying and repeating “thank you.”
She pulled away when the waitress came, putting a salad in front of Kate and a massive basket of fries in front of Lia.
“Oh my god. This is huge. Will you guys help me eat these?”
“Whatever we can do to help. We’re here for you.”
With the kind of laughter that only comes with the release of overwhelming stress, they reached for the fries.
“Wait,” Kate interrupted. “Does anyone want a bite of my salad?”
“Yeah, actually.” Sheila took a cucumber slice. “Now it’s a healthy meal. Thanks.”
Rolling here eyes, Kate answered, “No problem.”
And they all dug into the fries.
Sheila stopped to say, “I guess I was really lucky, stumbling into this crowd and hooking up with these meetings. I didn’t know any of that about the twelve-step scene. Actually, I didn’t know about twelve-step at all. I think our program’s really great compared to what you described. The whole thing’s built on validating people, giving them a safe space to experience and process their emotions and thoughts, rebuilding the foundations of well-being we missed out on in our lives, and oh listen to me I sound like a brochure.”
“No, it’s okay. This is great. I’m really relieved to hear this.”
“Well there’s more, there’s practical stuff, but there’ll be plenty of time for that. The main thing is you’re not getting torn down here. I can’t see what the point of that would be.”
Kate said, “For a long time it was just about the only thing available for people struggling with addictions and some other problems. There are people out there who say it saved their lives, so I don’t want to say it has no value, but I think there are lots of people it’s just not right for, and there is absolutely nothing wrong with these people.
“I’ve heard it suggested that the twelve-step stuff is meant for people who aren’t fighting the sorts of inner battles we live with, and who really have been destructive to kind people in their lives, so it’s like they need to check their ego and critically look at themselves. I don’t know, maybe it’s true. I always have an uneasy feeling when I look at their stuff though, like it’s success through abuse, like there are people inside there, down deep, just getting kicked around. I always wish I could offer them our approach instead. It may well be, though, that people are coming from places radically different in comparison with our backgrounds and wiring and it really is right for them. I don’t think there’s a way of knowing for sure, since you can’t just look into the depths of a person and then know what’s really in there. I’m just glad we all found each other and this way forward.”
“Is this the only alternative to twelve-step?” Lia asked.
“It’s the only one I have any experience with, but I’ve read that there have been others popping up here and there. Nothing as big though.”
“I hope everyone who needs this can find it.”
“Me too. I don’t think that’s the reality now, but some day, I hope.”
They went back to the fries and cleaned them off. “Sheila,” Lia asked, “Is it okay to ask for your phone number? We did that in twelve-step, not sure if it’s a thing here.”
“Oh yeah, sure, of course.” She gave Lia her number.
Walking home, Sheila felt an overwhelming warmth, as though her chest might not be able to contain her heart. Lia saw her as someone to reach out to, someone worth calling, someone who had something to offer from her experience in the program and her perspective on things. It felt so good to be able to offer support – to be someone who could, and to actually do it. Such a wonderful development from those early days of feeling so lost and empty.
She breathed slowly as she walked, trying to take in the fullness of what she was experiencing: the events, the thoughts, and the sensations. It was too much, as though she could only take in a set amount and the rest would be wasted, but it felt good to try. Like looking at the houses and gardens by the field with the fountain. She decided she would go back there.
When she got home there was a note tucked in the front door with her name on it. It was from Mrs. Odwal. She wanted Sheila to stop by. Sheila headed straight to her house.
“We’ve been so lucky to have you, dear, all the exercise and affection Dooley could have ever needed, you’ve been a wonderful friend to him. Unfortunately, Mr Odwal’s job requires that we move across the country so we’re all going to have to say goodbye, I’m so sorry dear.”
“When are you going?”
“Right away, I’m afraid.”
Sheila looked in the window and saw that they had already packed up much of their home. The inside of her chest went numb. Dooley had come over and was leaning into her as she sat on the floor of the porch and hugged him.
“I’m going to miss you so much.”
He licked her face.
“Mr. Odwal and I wanted to thank you for all your time, for being so consistent, and being so good with him. You’ve been a great help to us. Right after we got him, our lives became much busier with our jobs.”
She handed Shelia another envelope. It was filled with cash.
“But you’ve already paid me, each week.”
“Something to tide you over, until you find something else. We didn’t give you any warning.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Odwal. And thank you for trusting me with him.”
“Of course dear.”
She looked at Dooley, scratched behind his ears.
He licked the tears from her face.
Mr. Odwal came onto the porch with a dog crate.
“Oh Dooley.”
Sheila gave him a big hug and let him go.
A little bark, rare for him, and into the crate.
“Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Odwal.”
“Goodbye dear.”
Sheila walked back to her house, somehow. She went straight to her room, fell onto her bed and cried until she fell asleep.
She awoke later that night, saw the moon from her window. She thought about all she had gained because of Dooley. Meeting the kids from the program, so really, the program itself, seeing so much of the area around where she lived, especially the houses with the gardens, meeting Adam. Her life had become so full and rich because of that dog. A wave of gratitude slowly washed over her, bringing some comfort and relief from the shock and grief. Over time, her thoughts of him would be linked to that grateful feeling, as the pain slowly faded.
She slept a few more hours and awoke to a sequence of sensations. For a moment she was innocent of the previous day’s events. Then they hit her, with a heavy sadness, followed by the memory and recapture of gratitude. She guided herself to stay in that place of wonder and appreciation of all Dooley had brought into her life. She let the glow of that wonder carry her through the sad feelings. She found that as she drew strength from the love she felt, she was able to more deeply inhabit the pain without injury. She came to feel that the love and sadness were parts of a powerful whole that she was only glimpsing.
She thought of her friends, her growth, her ventures out into the world, the beautiful gardens.
Again the wave of sadness began, a lost feeling without their walks. But then it struck her that she would go back to see the gardens herself. And in a way Dooley and his gifts would always be with her.
She slept well for the rest of the night and awoke early in the morning. She brushed her teeth and dressed quickly, wanting to get out of the house. In part she feared that the sad feelings might overtake her again if she stayed inside. But partly she wanted to walk to show herself that she could walk without Dooley, without the charge of taking him out, and without anywhere that she herself had to be. She knew it, but she needed her body to see and learn that she could venture into the world just for her.

She tied her shoes and was out the door.
5
The streets were empty. She’d never been out this early before. The world was a different place. Different too, to walk on her own, with all her attention available for her own thoughts and experiencing her surroundings, never having to change her pace physically or mentally as Dooley inspected various features of the world, or attempted to do something ill-advised.
She would miss him, she would always remember him, but for this moment, she found this new freedom exhilarating. When she reached the bridge, she ran across it, laughing.
On the path beyond the bridge, she resumed walking, but she was lighter on her feet. She felt slightly suspended as though all of her weight were not fully bearing into each step, and yet she also felt deeply grounded, connected with the dirt and roots and trees. And the wind! A breeze delivered the scent of some unidentified blossoms. She wondered what they looked like. She followed the scent, sometimes nearly floating, sometimes planting herself at an extra-compelling place in time and space. The woods were so restorative: she promised herself she’d spend more time here.
She passed through the field of wildflowers, the second stretch of woods, and emerged in the far village with the cobblestone streets and began taking in the gardens. The yards full of flowers were beautiful and thrilling and she felt enriched by the sight of them. The places that seemed to connect with the depths of her, though, were the vegetable gardens. She fell in love with every plant, marveled at their variety of shapes and sizes, their dense arrangement so bursting with life. Like living art, somehow. She had located one of these sustaining yards, one that she had missed on her first visit. There were so many levels: beds and pots and climbing plants, a plant everywhere you looked. She had become entranced by an eggplant, something she’d never seen before.
She was startled out of her dream-like state by a motion just a few feet from her. It was an old woman, practically invisible, crouching under the leaves of a row of large tomato plants, struggling with a piece of netting in an adjacent bed. She looked over when Sheila jumped.
“I didn’t see you,” they both said at the same time.
“Your garden is beautiful. I couldn’t stop staring.”
“This netting is tangled. I’m trying to get it free without ripping it but I can’t see so well anymore. You’ve got young eyes. Will you help me?”
Sheila crouched in next to her and slowly worked her way through the tangle of netting, then went to hand it back.
“Hold that end.”
The old woman began to fold the netting and Sheila followed suit. After a couple folds, the old woman began to roll it into a tight roll until she had pulled in the entire length, and then put the roll in a burlap sack.
“You have to protect some plants when they’re young, because the birds will eat pieces of them, or even pull them out of the ground. When they get a little bigger, though, they’re not so tender, not so fragile. So I take the netting off and put it away. If you leave it on, things grow through it and you have a big mess before you know it.”
She turned to the tomato plants, found a ripe one, picked it and handed it to Sheila.
“It smells so good. Everything is so beautiful here.”
“You should eat it while it’s fresh. Come on inside, I’ll fix it up for you.”
Sheila followed her between beds of beautiful plants with all kinds of vegetables poking out between the leaves. The old woman reached over to a shelf of potted plants and pinched off the top of one.
“That smells amazing. What is it?”
“Basil. You pinch the tops off to keep the plants from getting too tall and spindly. Now they’ll grow thick and bushy, and they won’t go to seed as early.”
They entered the house through a door that opened into a little mud room which led them into an old fashioned kitchen. Sheila sat in a wooden chair at a white metal table with black edges and the old woman took a plate out of an antique hutch. She sliced the tomato, drizzled it with oil and vinegar, sprinkled a little salt and thin slices of basil. The smell was so good that Sheila found herself slightly trembling. The old woman put the plate in front of her with a silver knife and fork. Sheila bit into a piece of the tomato and her eyes welled up.
“Oh. This is so good. Oh.” Sheila paused to take in the flavor. “I don’t know your name.”
“Savina.”
“I’m Sheila. Savina, I love your garden. I wish I could create something so wonderful. And this tomato tastes better than anything I’ve ever eaten.”
“Well, come and see me when you can. You can help me tend to the plants, and I’ll make you something to eat.”
“I would love that!”
“Don’t wear your best clothes. I garden in the mornings.”
She started for home with a renewed feeling of well-being. She loved the program and appreciated all she got from it: it relieved her of her isolation and facilitated a massive amount of healing and growth. But the work was never easy or light. You had to reach down into the most painful parts of yourself and maintain the discipline to allow yourself to see clearly, to reject any instinct to attempt to escape or look away. It was like the emotional version of power lifting and long distance running, and maybe some other demanding workout regimen as well. She loved it and was grateful for it and intended to continue with it, but she also needed a part of her life where she could just savor the good things, immerse herself in joy and wonder, to allow her system to rest, to draw what it needed from a healthy environment, and rejuvenate. To spend time in Savina’s garden, to learn how to care for her plants, and to eat such wonderful food, she couldn’t imagine a better way to do that.
While she rolled these thoughts around in her mind, she made her way out of the pretty neighborhood, back through the woods and the wildflower field. She had just reached the clearing and was about to cut past the fountain when she saw the familiar sight of a thin boy sitting in lotus position.
“Adam!”
“Sheila!”
He jumped up out of his meditation to greet her.
“Good to see you!”
“You too!”
She found that there was a new awkwardness.
“Where’s Dooley?”
Dooley. He had filled their attention before, she realized.
She felt a sad rush as she mentally engaged with the story in order to articulate it, and caught her breath.
“Oh no, I hope-”
“No, it’s okay. He’s okay. He was my neighbor’s dog and they moved away.”
“Oh shoot. I’m sorry. I mean I’m glad he’s okay but sorry they left with him.”
“Yeah. I’m still adjusting. They left yesterday. I found out yesterday. It was fast, for them too. I got to say goodbye at least.”
“Anything I can do?”
“You wanna walk with me a little?”
“Sure! I mean, I don’t have to wear a leash or anything- you don’t mean-”
“Oh my god. Come on.” She laughed, her eyes in mock exasperation, and they turned up the path together.
“So, meditating. I don’t really know what it is, I guess. What are you doing, or what’s it like? I don’t even know what questions to ask.”
“I would bet that it’s different for everyone, or at least that there are lots of different answers to that question. I can tell you what it’s like for me.”
Sheila nodded and Adam continued.
“So I do this, or at least I started doing it, to counter aspects of what it’s like inside my head. Like when I have a bunch of things to do or think about and when I try to think about one, another demands my attention. Or when some unsettling experience keeps pounding at me, keeping me stressed out or distracted or dragged down, that kind of thing.
“The meditation is an effort to create a space where none of that stuff is welcome. I don’t have to think about any of the things I have to do, in fact it’s a designated time specifically for no thinking. About those things or anything at all. And when there’s stress affecting me from some recent experience, I try to take the attitude that this time is for me, where I get to exist, and those stresses (or whatever feeds them) are not welcome. I resolve to protect myself, or to maintain that space and to use it to be and to breathe and to be aware that I get to exist, without any violence striking my internal landscape.
“When I try to describe it, it makes me realize how heavily certain ways of thinking have soaked into our language and perceptions. It’s easy to give someone the wrong idea when you try to put it into words. But I’m not being strict with myself or harsh with myself. I’m giving myself room by rejecting these unwanted intrusions. I’m not trying to suppress anything: I’m just trying to create a pattern of mental habits that allow me to maintain this state. It’s like weeding a garden so your plants can grow.”
Savina and her paradise flashed across her mind. What Adam was describing struck her as equally beautiful.
She thought of what it was like inside her head before Dooley and the program and the general improvement in her quality of life, and couldn’t imagine being able to say no to painful mental patterns.
“So when you’re rejecting these intrusions or protecting yourself from stress and being dragged down, how do you do that?”
“Well for a long time I couldn’t. I’d try to sit and the stuff would just destroy me, like I was drowning in it, the torment would get worse and worse and I’d have to just stop. This would happen in a matter of seconds. So I didn’t try very often. Once in a long while, to see if anything had changed. One day I found I could sit without that happening. So I started doing it, trying to maintain a quiet mind even for a few minutes. I had been doing it every day for a while when I noticed that the end of my sessions never felt like they were of my choosing. I would be sitting, trying to be in that space, having varied results but overall feeling like the whole thing was positive and worthwhile, and then all of a sudden, before I’d even noticed I was doing it, I’d jump up out of my position and start going about whatever tasks I had ahead of me for the day. It was weird, it took me a while to even realize this was happening, that I wasn’t choosing it, and that it wasn’t what I wanted.
“Once I saw this, I spent some time thinking about what to do. And about what was going on. It didn’t feel like it would be helpful to try to fight with what was happening, to have some sort of battle of wills. It felt important to see what was in there. I came to feel that what I was seeing was the result of accumulating anxiousness – not accumulating exactly, but that there was a stress present, and that I could only sit with it for so long – at some point I would hit my limit. And the limit would come more quickly than I’d like. After a few minutes.
“I decided I wanted to find out about that stress, to listen to it, to see if it had anything to tell me. I found myself envisioning my need to end my sessions as being embodied by an anxious little boy who couldn’t sit still. So I tried to open up a line of communication with him. Not in words so much, but while I was sitting I tried to convey something like ‘I have room for you. I have room for your stress, I have room for your pain. Whatever you need to bring, you can bring it and we can sit with it. I want to sit with it with you. You are a part of this, you are welcome here.’ I attempted to put that out there and then tried to be ready for whatever flood of stress might arrive. But it didn’t. It all just dissolved. I had a longer session that morning and was able to end it with intention, slowly and with an internal acknowledgment of gratitude for the time and space. I was amazed by this. Amazed and so happy.
“So I think that overall it’s a combination of that kind of thing and just being determined to give myself this space and firmly defend against intrusions. It builds on itself. You need a certain amount of health or strength or something, but a few successes plus regular practice seem to add to the foundation I’m able to work from.
“It’s not perfect. Sometimes I’ll have a stressful session. And then I just do my best for as long as it feels like it makes sense to try, and then try again the next day.”
“Adam. That’s so wonderful. Thank you for letting me see something so beautiful. It’s simple and at the same time it’s kind of amazing, and I wonder how many other things are like that. I know I often look at a problem and feel like I have to go at it directly and it doesn’t work, and it makes so much sense that the real solution, if there is one, would involve backing up and offering more support to the whole surrounding system. I’m not always sure what that would look like, but the idea feels so right, and so important.”
He paused and shut his eyes for a second before he began to speak.
“Thank you. I’ve never talked to anyone about that before. Never even put it into words, really. You’re the first one who asked, well, the first one who asked in a way that made me feel like you were actually interested in my experience in a positive way.”
“Of course! I’m definitely interested. I think it’s fantastic. Somebody wasn’t positive about this?”
“I’ve had people who think it’s silly or a waste of time, or some sort of affectation, ask me about it, but their questions aren’t genuine. They’ve already decided on the answers before they even ask.”
“Oh that sucks. I’m sorry. I hate that anyone would treat you that way. Your thoughts are beautiful.”
She saw a tear spill down his face and instinctively hugged him. He held onto her, as though the pressure from her arms was a sort of nourishment. They stayed together like this for a long time.
He spoke softly, without letting go.
“I learned to care about myself. I learned to give myself the things I needed. But to have another person offer these things to me, I don’t think I was able to let myself know how much I needed that.”
She squeezed him harder and then released. They both backed up a bit, disengaging from their entwinement.
“Are you ok?” She asked.
“Yes!”
“Is it okay that I did that?”
“Absolutely!”
They looked at each other for a second more of electrified warmth, took a deep breath, and turned to resume their walk. They walked in contented silence until they got to the bridge.
“I’m going to head home from here,” she said.
“Ok. I hope I get to talk to you again.”
“I might be spending some time out in the village past the park. I’m not sure which days or how long, but it’ll be in the mornings, maybe I can catch you on my way home.”
“Ok great! See you Sheila.”
“Bye Adam!”
On the way home she saw a sign for a garage sale and she climbed a flight of steps to an old brick house. It had been converted into apartments and rented out to college students for decades, and the owner was clearing out all the junk his tenants had left behind over the years.
She looked through the stuff in the house and then saw a sign that said “MORE OUT BACK”, so she went to check that out too. There was a garage full of students’ old possessions, including several boxes of books. She found some science books: Physics, Biology, General Chemistry, Organic Chemistry. She got the whole stack for five dollars. The best sales were always the ones where the owner mainly wanted to clear stuff out.
The books were heavy and it was tiring to lug them all home, but she was excited that she’d found them. She loved learning things on her own. She’d had a couple good teachers, but for the most part teachers got in the way, going too fast or too slow, spending time explaining things she’d already (or quickly) understood, or glossing over points she found confusing. To just sit with a book, think about the material on her own, to process at her own pace, this was her favorite way to learn.
When she got home she put the books next to her bed and looked forward to digging into them.
For a second she thought about diving in right then, even just looking at the tables of contents and doing a preliminary paging through the texts. There was something almost luxurious about paging through a new textbook – well, new to her anyway. But she had found that when she had something she was excited about, it was very useful to put it off a little, ration it back to herself as a sort of reward after she’d completed some task she needed to get done, that she was more resistant to.
She decided to use this approach to get some chores done. She put in a load of laundry, vacuumed her bedroom, and worked on reorganizing her space a little. Her pile of material from the program had been growing: books, pamphlets, notes and journals on her own process and other odds and ends, and now she’d gotten these books from the garage sale, plus she felt she’d want to keep some notes on what she was learning from Savina. She scanned her room for a place to keep all this new stuff and decided to clear a shelf of childhood trinkets. She boxed everything up, stashing the box in her closet, then began organizing and arranging her new things in that space. She was about halfway through the job when the phone rang.
“Hi Sheila. It’s me, Lia, we met at the diner with Kate, about program stuff-”
“Oh yeah- hi Lia. How are you?”
“I was wondering if we could get together and talk. I’m having a rough time.”
“Sure. Do you want to meet at the diner? I could be there in twenty minutes.”
“Oh that’s great. Thank you so much.”
“Sure. See you in a bit.”
Sheila found her already in a booth, waiting for her.
“Thanks so much for meeting me.”
“No problem. Did you order yet?”
“No, I wanted to wait. There’s something comforting about ordering the same sort of thing, so you’re not sitting together but having two totally different experiences, so I wanted to see what you felt like getting. Does that sound crazy?”
“No! Actually I love the idea of sitting and talking to someone over coffee, but I never actually want coffee,” Sheila trailed off, laughing.
“Oh, me too. I mean, I love the smell of it but well, I probably shouldn’t mess with anything past decaf.” Lia was making exaggerated trembling motions with her hands.
“You wanna? A couple decafs? If we add enough cream it might even be tolerable.”
“Yeah, lets play adult. What fun.”
They ordered two decafs.
“So what’s up?”
“I’m so upset. My mind is kind of a jumble. So I’m sorry if I’m all over the place. I’m just so angry. Not just angry. Overwhelmed with rage at what people do when they interact with me. It’s like they can’t conceive of the reality of who I am at all. As though I represent a duality that they are certain can’t exist. And I don’t even think they’re aware of these sorts of thoughts: they sit far enough under the surface that they’re not even consciously engaging with them. They serve more as a filter that silences some things and badly misinterprets others.
“So, like, maybe I’ll meet someone in a context where they become aware of my intelligence. They’ll see how much precision there is in my processing and they’ll see the depths of my thoughts, and they feel like they know everything about me. Maybe not everything, but they definitely feel that it’s impossible that I have the excruciating emotional experiences that I do, that I can easily become incapacitated by stimuli that strike them as trivial, or that I might actually, legitimately need some accommodation. So they try to trivialize or invalidate my attempts at explaining any of this to them.
“And then sometimes someone will see me for the first time when I’m in crisis, when I’m shaken and feeling violated and have to put every bit of strength I have into trying to survive the onslaught of the world around me, and it’s sometimes not enough: the people who meet me in that circumstance?
It’s like they decide that I cannot possibly have any intelligence, any skills, any maturity, anything of any value at all. Even if I come through things to where I can pull myself together enough to try to explain something to them, and even if I do a fantastic job with that explanation, it’s as though they can’t hear me because they’ve already buried me in this category of “messed-up incompetent person”. So my words get dismissed before they even have a chance of being processed.
“So besides the rage each time one of these two things happens, and the stress of remembering that experience and knowing how likely it is to happen again based on how often I experience it, there’s the knowledge that only some very disjointed part of me is allowed to exist in most people’s worlds. And in either case, the part that gets cut out, prohibited, un-seen, is a part I can’t function without acknowledgment and acceptance of. Not always – I don’t need the grocery store cashier to appreciate the complexities of my mind or to know all my sensitivities. But if I have a breakdown in the store I do need to be treated respectfully and without a manner that suggests I have a negative amount of intelligence.
“So I don’t know. Sometimes it does me real damage. And sometimes it’s all too much. I don’t know what I wanted from you. It’s not like there’s really anything to be done. Maybe I mainly needed to say these things and feel sure I was being heard.”
Sheila took a breath and looked into her coffee for a second.
“Okay. First of all, I’m so sorry that you’ve been having to deal with this. It’s so awful when people can’t or won’t receive basic information that we urgently need them to process.
“I want to be very clear that I know and understand that it’s real. That both of these things are true aspects of who you are and how you experience your life. That your intelligence is evident, both in that precision of process and in depth, and that you truly have great sensitivity that leaves you vulnerable to horribly incapacitating pain.
“And I don’t think this is a duality at all. I think these are two sets of characteristics that a person can have, in the same way that a person can have brown hair and blue eyes. There’s nothing contradictory about it. The problem is when people think that one precludes the other. You are not the problem. What you bring is not the problem. What you bring isn’t wrong or weird nor does it need to be seen as any kind of puzzle, and it definitely is no excuse for people closing their minds to the reality of the entirety of who you are. Or even the possibility of that reality. Again, I’m so sorry that you’ve been having to deal with this.
“I think it makes perfect sense to be angry. When we need to be seen and try so hard to make ourselves understood and are met with this obstinance or ineptitude or whatever it is (and I sometimes feel like it’s a messily interwoven combination of the two), that’s massively upsetting at a minimum. Depending on the situation, we may stand to be seriously hurt and we deserve to be listened to and taken seriously. We need these things. I don’t have a solution to the situation, but I can tell you that what you’re saying makes sense to me and it makes me angry too, just thinking about it.”
She had put so much focus into articulating her thoughts that she had, without realizing it, been staring at her hands while she was talking. When she finished, she looked up and saw that Lia was crying.
“Thank you. I’m sorry. It seems like I’m always crying when we talk! But it’s just such a relief. Every time I talk about this kind of thing and someone is giving me their response, I get so stressed because I can’t shake the feeling that any second they’re going to say ‘so really I think you’re making this all up and you just need to stop being such a baby’. It’s like this horror is hanging there and I’m never sure it’s not going to become real and devour me.”
“Oh I know that feeling! It’s like, after too many bad experiences, our bodies are just braced for it to happen again. I think too, at least with me, growing up I didn’t get that foundation of support and consistent connection with people I could trust, so it’s like there’s some shaky ground in my inner workings, where a solid foundation is supposed to be.”
“Yes! I think that’s very much what’s going on with me too. And when you get to the end and it turns out it was all good and supportive and kind and with such great comprehension, I think only at that moment does my body feel how much tension and fear it was carrying, at the moment it releases, and there’s this flood as it does, going way past some sort of threshold.”
“I’ve definitely had that happen. You kind of keep it together during, but as soon as some of the stress lets up, it’s like our systems then allow us to feel everything we were protecting ourselves from. So weird how that works. Some kind of survival mechanism I bet.”
“That sounds right. And you’re right that this didn’t provide any sort of solution; I’ll probably just keep doing what I’d been doing, which is to do these quick assessments to decide if each person is a good risk for trying to communicate with when I need to get something across, and sometimes taking the risk, other times deciding to go without something I need. That part of the reality sucks but it really helps to know that I know you, someone who thinks the way you do, someone who can comprehend this stuff and who engages with these ideas with such forceful respect and compassion. I hope I can meet more people who are inclined that way. I feel like that would go a long way toward fortifying my stability and just improving my quality of life all around.”
“I think you’ll find people like that in the program.”
“Oh that’s great. Yeah I have a really good feeling about that too. I mean, there’s some anxiety after the experience I just had in twelve-step, but I’m feeling more and more that this will be different.”
“I’m really sorry about the twelve-step. It’s so awful when the places we turn to for help end up doing us more damage.”
“Yeah. It was weird. We were always supposed to be focused on solutions. But sometimes there are no solutions and a person just needs to be heard. I think they viewed that as negativity or at best a waste of time. It was such a toxic, soul-crushing environment in that way. Maybe what some people need, I don’t know, but it was at very least a terrible fit for me.”
“Sounds like a nightmare! And yeah, the stuff Kate said, about these kinds of approaches maybe being right for some people, but I’m sure I would have been destroyed by an environment like that.”
“Oh wow. That’s so helpful to hear, but also disorienting. I feel like you’re this mental health superhero.”
“Ha! Not even close! I’ve had some time with really good resources, mainly in the program and the people there, with ideas it’s built upon, but also a little luck in my regular life. It’s like night and day from my situation growing up.
“I still have to keep an eye on where I’m at and how I’m reacting to things, the kinds of patterns my mind can tend toward. I put a certain amount of energy into kind of redirecting it toward thoughts and, I don’t know how to describe this but like, an internal posture, that feel healthier to me.”
“Thank you for telling me that! It makes me feel so much hope. Like maybe we’re not so inherently different.”
“Absolutely. I think we can find a lot of what we need.”
“You know what?
“What?”
“This was a fantastic cup of coffee.”
“Ha! Yeah, it was exactly that thing I’d been imagining. Maybe a little more intense, but still pretty perfect as far as living out one’s envisioned fantasies.”
“Agreed!” Lia was laughing. “Although we really did stretch it out without buying much. How many refills did she give us?”
“Two? I think?”
“We should probably leave a good tip.”
They dumped a pile of dollars on the table and headed out.
As Sheila climbed the stairs to her room, that excitement came over her again, about diving into those books. She would put this wave to use like the first one, turning around and heading back downstairs to retrieve her laundry. She put her clothes away, then went to the kitchen and made herself a plate of rice, beans and greens.
She sat on the porch while she ate and went back through the experiences of the day in her mind, especially coffee with Lia. What an amazing thing support is, and what is it, really? What happens within the person benefiting from it? And it struck her to find that someone saw her as Lia did. What is this process, where we grow in these ways?
Lots to think about, but for another time, because she had finished her meal. She took her plate to the kitchen and washed it, then headed back upstairs to her treasured book stash.
She looked at her new collection of books and felt rich. So many choices! Where to start? She wanted to start with all of them, and read all of them fully and completely, at the same time. But she had to make a choice. The thought of choosing one made her long for the others, what madness. She finally picked Biology. She thought she would page through the book and get a sense of what she had to look forward to. 
There was a quick introductory overview type chapter, and then they started with Chemistry! So much for making choices. She was laughing in her head about this, but it was of course just some relevant highlights from the field. Even so, she thrilled in all of it. Atoms, the periodic table, electron shells, the configuration of orbitals, bonding, the way atoms arranged themselves within the substance of an element, the attractions and non-attractions of polar and non-polar particles: these descriptions were so compelling she found herself slowing down and reading for detail, then remembering that she wanted to do a kind of scanning survey first, and she’d rein herself in, promising that she could dive in later. Something more to look forward to.
She was entranced by a chart of functional groups and spent a little more time marveling at all the patterns, wondering about the reasons behind them, but forced herself to move along. Phospholipids lining up to form membranes! She looked at herself, her hands, her arms, contemplating that her entirety was facilitated by these hydrophobic/phylic tendencies of ends of molecules. She was stunned and more drawn in by the minute. Then came sugars and amino acids, nucleic acids, she felt like a kid in a candy store.
The book went on to show her chapters on cells, energy, chromosomes, lots of great foundational stuff, and then another part of the book on the development of life on earth. Prokaryotes, eukaryotes, plants, fungi, animals, with so much detail in so many different processes of each sub-topic, she couldn’t believe it: over 1200 pages in this book alone and she could have as much as she wanted, and it was nearly free. She rolled over on her bed and drifted into euphoria.
She had fallen asleep over her books and had wonderful dreams of wandering through the air, dense with intricate shapes and colors, as though knowledge had come to life or taken form and she was in this place where she could walk and drift and fly among its embodiments.
6
It was almost morning. She stayed in bed for a minute, just appreciating her ability to breathe and to sense her arms and legs, her entire presence. She heard the first bird of the morning. She wanted to be sure she’d have enough energy for all she’d need to do, so she went downstairs and made a bowl of oatmeal, slightly increasing her usual serving size.
She ate and chose some clothes that weren’t too new, nothing she’d mind getting dirty or a little beat up, cleaned up and got dressed, and started out for Savina’s.
The sun was coming up as she crossed the bridge, and there was that freshness in the morning air. She walked at a brisk pace, enjoying the feeling of strength in her legs. She slowed when she got to the streets that always charmed her, it always felt worthwhile to spend a little time taking in the sight of them, they did her so much good. When she passed the last house, she picked up her pace, running into the woods, up to the clearing, past the fountain and to the streets on the far side. She slowed back to a walk, not wanting to be out of breath when she arrived. 
When she got to Savina’s, she entered the garden, but Savina wasn’t there. She walked around the paths between the beds of vegetables, tables full of pots with herbs and dried plants, past the tables to a trellis with trumpet vines climbing over every square inch of them. She felt as though she was intruding, even though Savina had told her to come. The place was too wonderful: being alone here almost felt like mischief. With an odd combination of slight uneasiness and extreme delight, she continued to wander among the plants, amazed at how much life and beauty had been packed into this little space.
Finally she heard a stirring. It was Savina at a door on the side of the house.
“You’re here, good! Come on, I’m out back.”
Sheila followed her through the door into that little mud-room. She noticed that it felt like it was still outside of the house, and puzzled over why she found that so delightful. They passed a door leading to the “inside” inside, and went through another door leading outside, to the side of the house. With the front walled in the way it was, this was the only way to get to the back, Sheila realized, other than going through the rest of the house.
They walked around the house and Savina opened a gate to the back. More gardens! And they were huge! Not as densely packed as the front, but there was just so much. Bed after bed, some with tall fencing around them and plants growing taller than her, others filled with low fields of greens, a section sprawling with big-leafed plants with little blossoms. She recognized the scent of basil, but noticed lots of other wonderful smells she didn’t recognize.
“Do you remember how I was pinching the tops from my basil plants out front, to keep them from bolting, going to seed, so the plant would keep giving me good basil leaves?”
“Yes. The plant smelled wonderful when you tore it.”
“Ok. So sometimes I want a plant to go to seed. It’s going to happen eventually, and sometimes you can use the seeds in next year’s garden. I save seeds a lot. Then I don’t have to buy as much each year, but also, sometimes you get a variety of a plant and you really like it, so you want to try to grow it again. It doesn’t always work. If the plant is a hybrid, the seeds might not give you exactly the same variety you were looking for. And there are plants out there that make seeds that won’t grow at all. But it doesn’t cost much to try. A little time and a little work, and a little space to store the seeds. So I usually do. Right now I have a lettuce bed that I let go to seed, and I want to gather them up. You can help me with that.”
She gave Sheila a pair of clippers and showed her how to cut the part of the plant that held the seeds, and gave her a bag for collecting them.
“You can hold the stalk and shake it inside the bag, or sometimes I’ll hold it in the bag and rub it between my hands. If we don’t get every seed, that’s okay. Let me show you what they look like though.”
Savina pulled off what looked like a shriveled up bit of leaf and plant matter, peeled away the outside and revealed a little packet of seeds!
“You can see some of them still have the little part that lets them get carried through the air so they can travel and make another plant somewhere else. Plants want to make more plants, and they want to spread as far as they can. We’re disturbing their plans because we want them to stay right here.”
Sheila thought of some diagrams she had skimmed through in her biology book. She wanted to run home and read them. She also wanted to stay here and look at the seeds. At the same time. As though she needed more than one body to meet the intensity of her needs. She steadied herself inside. Real life now, reading later. Even in school, there are lab periods.
“We probably don’t need all these seeds, but I like to get more than I need. Sometimes a planting just doesn’t sprout, or sometimes an animal finds a way in and eats your crop, so it’s nice to have lots of extra seeds. And if everything grows, you can always give some away. People love fresh produce.”
They worked their way around the lettuce bed, threw the stripped dry plants in a pile in the back part of the yard, and took their bags into the house. Savina emptied the seeds into jars, labeled them and put them on a shelf in an extra pantry she had filled with similar garden-related items.
“Are you hungry?”
Sheila was very hungry. She seemed to have used up all of her oatmeal.
Savina quickly peeled an eggplant, sliced it and threw the slices into a pan with some oil, sprinkling them with a little salt. She put a new loaf of homemade bread on her cutting board and cut a few slices, cut up another tomato and a little basil.
The smell alerted Sheila to the upcoming overload of sensory delight, yet she still became dizzy from the flavors and textures as she ate her sandwich.
“Sandwich. This shouldn’t even have the same name.”
Sheila hadn’t realized she’d said it loud enough to be heard.
“What’s that?”
“Oh, I just, your food is so good.”
“It’s pretty simple. Basic ingredients, eating as close to fresh from the garden as you can, and a little trial and error in picking varieties of produce. You’ll pick it up.”
“I hope so!”
*****
She walked along the brick sidewalk with a slightly electrified sense of well-being. By the time she entered the woods, she felt like the world was dancing, all around her. She took in the trees and the chipmunks, the sounds of the bird calls and the wind. Her path delivered her to the clearing, and she consumed the flower field with her whole body as she took it in with her eyes. Then the fountain, the dolphins. And Adam sitting, being one, she wondered with how much. Everything, she hoped. What is it really like inside another person’s experience? She wondered if there was any way to truly know this, and she thought about how odd words like “truly” were starting to sound in her head.
She sat down a few feet away and closed her eyes. The sounds of the fountain became clearer, with more intricate textures, and the dolphins came to life in her mind. Not in the sense of imagining them to be swimming around like an animation, but it was as though there was life, bursting from the place where they were situated, warming her from the inside, intensifying this surreal experience she’d been having.
“Hello.”
She opened her eyes and saw that Adam had done the same.
“Hey.”
“Whadya think?”
“I was just here a couple of minutes, but I like it. The fountain got louder. Or with more detail. Finer. Everything.”
“Yeah, quieting my mind, to the varying degrees that I find myself able, it seems to make room for lots of things that I don’t typically have access to. And sometimes it’s just the space itself, the unoccupied space, which I’ve come to hugely value.”
“I think I’ve got to start doing this.”
“Fantastic!”
“But not right now.”
“No, our minds are getting very noisy now, with all these words.”
“I felt that.”
“Yeah, and it’s not just the words, it’s the physical engagement required for the act of saying them. Once in a while I’ll be sitting and I’ll need to move my arm, something really simple like that, but just that bit of movement, experiencing it, maybe the act of calling on the muscles that make it move, it brings me out of that place a little. It doesn’t take long to get back, but I notice it.”
“Wow. Yeah I’m definitely going to have to check this out for myself - but right: not right now.”
Sheila laughed at the effort it took to keep separate her thoughts and intentions about the present and that which needed to be saved for later. Adam recognized the struggle and joined in her laughter.
“Ready to walk?”
“Yeah.”
They took the path away from Savina’s, toward the front woods.
“Do you ever think about what happens to us when we learn something?” Sheila asked.
“Do you mean the neurobiology of it?”
“Not exactly. I mean, I’m sure that’s the origin of the experience, but I’m thinking more in terms of who we are, and who we feel ourselves to be.”
“I’m not sure. Keep talking.”
“So, like when I’m studying something and I finally understand it, or if I’m practicing something and it finally comes together, or I just gain some piece of knowledge, suddenly I find that I am this person who has this understanding or skill or knowledge. And in some small way, it shapes the way I see the world, and how I experience it. So who am I now, and what connection do I have to the person I was before? Just vague memory? Is she gone? Is it still possible to relate to the world from her perspective? Or have I severed something? I think that learning and growing are generally good, but I’m not sure if they’re entirely good.”
“So you mean ceasing to be able to relate to people who are in a situation you were in before?”
“That’s part of it, but it’s also, I’m not sure, about connection to myself over time. Some sort of continuity. I don’t feel as though it’s glaringly absent, but sometimes when I notice myself changing or gaining something, I get this odd feeling, and it makes me curious.”
“Ok, so like, when I sit down to meditate, my body seems to know what to do, and in large part seems to be able to get into the state I’m seeking pretty quickly. Not the full depth of it all at once, but it moves in the right direction much more easily and efficiently than it did when I first started. I remember sitting and not being able to find my way through all the thoughts and stresses and, I don’t know, just my usual state. And that confusion isn’t something I generally have anymore. So, can I inhabit that state, can I fully and deeply remember, almost experience, what it was like to sit there, unable or unsure if I could bring myself to that place? Or does it become so automatic and a part of me in such a way that I forget what it’s like to have difficulty with that, do I become someone who can’t relate to or experience real compassion for someone who’s struggling with it?”
“Or even have compassion for your former self.”
“Right. I don’t know. I feel like I do pretty well with that sort of thing, but it would make sense that if there are areas where I’m bad at it, those are probably the kinds of areas where I have little self-awareness. So, I probably wouldn’t notice!”
“It’s important to me to find ways to stay connected that way. I want to learn and grow, but I also want to have access to my old experiences, from the perspective that I had at the time. I mean, I also want my new perspective, but I don’t want it to completely crowd out my memory either. “Memory” isn’t quite the right word, either. I mean, you can remember an experience but not fully have respect for it. But I guess a sort of experiential memory, where you can access a real sense of the experience at the time.”
“To be able to inhabit it. To have access to that.”
“Exactly. And I specifically don’t want to be dismissive. Saying or thinking things like ‘I used to be so stupid, thinking or feeling something or other.’ I hear people talk about their pasts that way sometimes and it gives me chills.”
“I bet you’re better at it than a lot of people. Just because you put so much importance on it and give it attention like this. I think it’s worth doing those things. I don’t know how fully you can do it, but I bet it’s like anything, that the effort improves the ability.”
“Great! Another thing I can forget how it was to be bad at!” Sheila rolled her eyes and laughed.
“Oh no. So we enter the room with mirrors on both sides.”
“I have to be careful. I go in there a lot.”
“You know, this is probably kind of silly in comparison, but it made me think of it. You know how when you’re sick, and your head hurts and you can’t breathe without your airways slamming shut and your nose is dripping and maybe you’re feverish or achy or just beat? And you think to yourself, ‘When I get better, I am so going to appreciate being able to breathe, not being in pain, having enough energy to do things’? And you’re so sure of it, in your suffering, you keep hanging on for that day and promising yourself you’ll take the time to sit and savor the cease of these miseries? And how could you not? How could you regain something as precious as your health and not be ecstatic and overflowing with gratitude? But then one day you wake up and you feel better, and there’s a moment of relief, and then you just forget the whole thing? I hate that!”
“Ugh. I do that too.”
“I’ve been doing a little better with it lately. Sometimes I remember and take some time where I focus on appreciating not being sick. But I want to improve a lot more. I want to feel a near-constant celebration for my ability to breathe, to walk, to taste, all the things that give me a high quality of life if I can keep my head in a good place.”
“That’s wonderful. I want to work on that too.”
“Ok, wanna start now?”
“Sure. I think?”
“Ha. Nothing too demanding. Just think of things we’re grateful for.”
“Well, the things you said. I can walk. My head doesn’t hurt. Breathing feels good. And I’m grateful for my ability to form thoughts, and to articulate them. And to have someone who wants to hear what they are! I mean really wants to listen, in a way that’s healthy for me to be heard.”
“That’s huge. A safe place, these conversations. A good place.”
“And this place. And where we were before, and where I was before that. Beautiful places to walk, or sit. The woods, the fountain, those beautiful gardens.”
“The sky. I can look up and see the sky. And I have looked up and seen it. So I can remember the sight of it.”
“I want to do this every day. Can we do one when we meet? Like a ritual?”
“Yeah. I’m in.”
After they parted ways, Sheila felt light, walking home with a slight feeling of suspension, all these thoughts swirling in the periphery of her mind. She was in a good place, and she was acutely aware of it. She could feel, too, the potential, or the memory, or some combination of the two, of an intense, darker state. It was a place of stress and fear and instability, of worry about the next moment or the next thing, or the rest of her life or her death or, well she wasn’t sure exactly. She didn’t feel that she was running from it. She was engaged in all the parts of her life because she found them compelling: it wasn’t to escape from some sort of demon, but at the same time she knew that this other state was a possible reality. She looked at it, at the thought of it, she didn’t fully understand it, but she respected it. She sensed that her being was fully capable of taking her into that place, and she felt grateful that she was, instead, in this state of embracing her own existence. It was one of those odd pairings that both felt like a duality and also didn’t. She inhaled, deeply and slowly. She found that she had stopped walking. She was on the middle of the bridge. She looked out at the sky in the distance, over the trees and out toward where the mill used to be, allowed something to settle into herself, and resumed walking home.
She spent some time reading, her mind hungry, but exhaustion slowly overtook her body and she fell asleep. When she awoke she was starving. She ate in two phases. She wanted to make something but didn’t have the energy, so she ate an apple, then some bread with peanut butter to hold her over and give her the strength and focus to put a meal together. She put some rice on and made a salad. Beans went into the slow-cooker, she’d deal with those later and eat them over the next few days. Today’s beans would have to come from a can. She fried some peppers and onions, put her plate together and stocked the fridge with leftovers.
On her way to the meeting, she thought more about occupying her own former states. She drifted back into her past. Past Adam, past recovery, past Dooley, even past those sad years where life seemed swallowed by emptiness. There was something before that. She couldn’t put words to it, her access to it was more vague, like when one wakes from a dream and finds concrete details unavailable. But she floated into the older time, not quite a memory, an experience that she let drift back into her being. There were colors, beautiful colors everywhere, such beauty, and a quiet feeling of warmth and happiness sitting underneath. Was this a dream? A fantasy? It felt real and unreal at the same time. She puzzled over this until the feeling ceased. She couldn’t regain it, and promised herself that if it ever came back, she would just let herself be in that place and not risk ruining it by all this thinking. But in the back of her mind, the flood of questions continued, even as she silently spoke this promise to herself in earnest.
7
She arrived at the church and stopped for a minute to gather herself, shifted out of her intense inner-focus. Some introspection was a good thing at meetings too, but she’d also need to be able to interact. The outside world began to take clearer form, and she entered the room.
She found Lia at a table by herself, and went to see her. 
“You want company here?”
“Yeah, that’d be great.”
She settled in, noticing how good it felt when your arrival was so clearly a comfort to another person. The meeting began, and they listened to a new speaker, Oliver, talk about his world.
“I’m Oliver.”
“Hi Oliver!”
“I can’t believe I’m sitting here as I look back over the last several months. I think I was in more pain than I could bear, I think that I couldn’t meet some basic needs and in some way I shut down for a long time. Almost like I wasn’t really a person. Interacting with me certainly wouldn’t have been a satisfying experience while I was like that. I could function on the surface for brief periods, but that’s all I had available. And I didn’t know this was different from normal existence. I mean, I didn’t think it was normal either, but the part of my brain that might have thought about this just wasn’t there to think anything.
“And it was only a couple weeks ago that I felt a shift. It’s so strange. Like when you’re walking around with your muscles all tensed up and you have no idea you’re doing it, until at some point one of them relaxes, and the change is stunning and fantastic, and it’s only at that moment that you become aware of the tension you’d been carrying. But then you wonder, where else am I doing that? Where am I still doing that now? Where do I still have tension that would be so much better if I would release it?
“And you have no access to this information. You didn’t get to the first release by incessant questioning. This is not the way there. So what is? And I think, that for my particular burdens, it’s here, in the program, with all of you. So I’m hitting the points, looking at my life, spending some time letting myself feel. They don’t feel good, the things I’m feeling, but my sense is that it’s a very good thing, to feel them.
“To say ‘I feel alone and I am sad’, there’s so much grief to be experienced, that needs to be felt, and there’s so much resistance to the pain involved. That resistance, that secret fight that can go on inside - and I mean secret even to us, the ones having it - creates so much stress, it can lock up all of our functioning, all of our access to any kinds of internal resources, to so much of ourselves. But maybe it’s necessary, at least for a while. I have no idea how long ‘a while’ is for any given person, in all the different possible situations, but I know that mine just, I don’t know, something became ready.
“I chose to go in and look at the fear, but something happened to make me able to do that. I couldn’t have done it any earlier I’m sure. And what made me able is slippery too, but I feel that the environment here and the points in the program, spending time with those ideas, was really helpful. Whatever it was, I was able to go inside and talk to that fearfulness. I said it’s okay, I said I would absorb whatever it was afraid of, I would go into the pain, I would sit with it, I would stay in it as long as it needed. I think pain has needs. It needs to be heard, it needs to be felt, it needs to take us through an experience. So I was finally able to do this, to allow it, to let it take me.
“And at that moment, there was this release that washed over me. It caught me completely off guard, because I had been bracing for extreme suffering. But it seemed like for me, at this particular moment, I only had to become ready and willing to accept the experience that it needed me to have. And it was there, and I was in it, but it wasn’t the torment I had been envisioning. It seems that the torment was entirely within the fight itself, the fear and dread and resistance to feeling.
“And I still think my resistance was necessary, for as long as it lasted. I will never ever tell someone that they have to do this sort of thing, never push someone who isn’t ready, including myself. I’m certain that that sort of pushing has the opposite effect: to drive someone to further shut down in an attempt to protect themselves. But at that point, it’s not only from the fear and pain, it’s also from someone in their surroundings who isn’t offering sufficient respect for what they’re going through and where they’re at in that process.
“But I do want to give myself the best chance I can to become ready to do this sort of thing as much as possible. I felt massively refreshed and clean of pain after my release, but it was clearly just one item that was (sort of) dealt with, and not even in any permanently resolved sort of way. It was just one tense muscle, and it will, I’ve found, tense up again. So I want to be able to have these releases as I need them. I want to find those places that need my attention, my approach, my openness. And I know I can’t find them directly, but I believe that continuing to do the work here is my best path toward another opportunity to have that experience again.
“Well, I guess we’re supposed to wrap these things up into something related to the points. I want to say that I really like the way you do that here, leaving the details up to the speaker. I guess I’m probably not the only one who tried 12-step before coming here. But they’d give you a step or a slogan to talk about, and ouch, my brain doesn’t work that way. I started out just thinking about having been numb for so long and the amazement of finding myself here, and the thoughts that came after that just sort of carved their own shape. It works - the program here resonates with me so thoroughly that everything in my recovery seems to connect with a part of it, so it’s not hard to connect my story to specifics of the program. But if you tell me ahead of time to ‘talk about point x’ I’m just going to stare into space: specific goals/instructions always seem to silence me more than anything. So I’m really glad to have this place, this group, this program. Because now I can look at a point (probably more than one!) and say ‘yeah, my story has a lot of point five in it: Exploring options for building sources of inner strength’.
“That quiet open time certainly moved me into a better place. But if I had started out saying ‘I am going to try to find a way to build a source of inner strength’ that would have fallen flat real fast. I really think a lot of these things can be so much more complicated than that, so that a direct approach doesn’t always work. For me it comes down to listening to myself and seeing what’s there. And then sometimes I can find all kinds of good things.
“Thank you, everyone, for listening, for being here, and for being who you are.”
Lia looked at Sheila, and motioned toward Oliver with a glance. She looked like she was going to burst.
“You liked the talk I take it?”
“Yeah, that was great. Plus, a twelve-step reject. One of my people. Ha!”
“Are you coming to the diner?”
“Oh yeah, that’d be great. Can we invite Oliver?”
“Sure! Anyone from the meeting can go.”
“Ok, I’ll go talk to him, and either way I’ll see you there.”
Lia went up to the front table, where Oliver was gathering his things and fielding lots of compliments and thank-yous from his talk.
“Great talk!”
“Thanks!”
“I’m Lia.”
“Nice to meet you, Lia.”
“It was good to hear from someone else who tried 12-step and didn’t, well, didn’t find it quite perfect, uh, for them anyway...”
“Ha! We always feel like we shouldn’t say anything bad, because it apparently helps some people, but sometimes we’ve got bad things we need to say! I’m extremely familiar with this. Wasn’t great for you either then?”
“Oh god no. Like getting kicked in the head. Sorry.”
“Well, the meeting’s over. I think it’s okay to say the stuff now.”
“A bunch of people from the meeting are going to the diner. You wanna go?”
“Sure!”
They talked as they walked.
“One time, I had tried a new meeting, and met a woman who seemed pretty cool. We exchanged phone numbers and then she called me like a week later. She wanted me to lead a meeting on the other side of town, which I wasn’t even sure I could get to, on the slogan ‘Let go and let god.’ So, that slogan’s totally toxic to me for multiple reasons. The first two words are a trigger for me, and I’ll leave out the gory details of that, and then the god thing always made me queasy, even though it’s technically supposed to be like ‘god as you understand him’, that doesn’t help all that much when one, I know most of the people in the meeting really think it’s like Jesus or something, and two, ‘him’? Um. Yeah, like, ‘You can think of god as anything you want, as long as it’s a gendered being, oh and the gender has to be male.’ Again, um.
“So anyway, I tell her that I feel like it would be a really bad idea for me to try to do this, but I was super nice about it. I thanked her for thinking of me, all that. And she says ‘Lia, when your sponsor calls you and asks you to do something, you’d better do it or have a tootin’ good reason.’
“Of all the-” Lia stopped herself. “We had never had a conversation about her being my sponsor. We exchanged phone numbers. Never even talked on the phone. She just decided this on her own, apparently.”
“Holy crap. So, like, does she go out on a date and decide that she and her date are married?”
“Ha! I bet!”
“Also, she said ‘tootin’?”
“Yeah, she turned out to be a lot less cool than I’d thought. Anyway, I very slowly explained to her that I’m extremely complicated, with sensitivities and depths of severe trauma that most people don’t even seem to be able to conceive of, and I doubt very much that I’d ever encounter someone capable of being my sponsor, because they’d have to get a solid sense of all that, and that would be a huge undertaking, probably impossible for most people, and they’d do me a great deal of damage in trying. So I don’t think I’ll ever have a sponsor, but if I do it’ll be after a long period of getting to know each other, and my becoming convinced that they could do it, and that it would be a positive thing for me.
“I said that whole thing very slowly, with great care in keeping my rage out of my voice, but there was that residual hint of vocal trembling. I think I scared the shit out of her. At very least, inadvertently tore her a new one, so to speak.”
“Ha! That’s fantastic. I’m so glad you did that. She really needed to hear it.”
“I don’t know. In retrospect, I think there may have been another person who had also decided in her own mind that she was my sponsor. She said some pretty screwed-up things to me too. I really think that whole place is kind of a train wreck. I mean, there are some good people there, but the program itself doesn’t do anything to discourage various strains of creepiness, and in some ways I think even cultivates it.”
“I hear you. Sounds like we could swap some stories.”
“Oh yeah, I’d love to hear more.”
They had arrived at the diner, and joined the “post meeting” table.
*****
Lia and Oliver said hi to everyone, ordered their food and then fell back into their conversation about twelve-step.
“Did you ever feel like you were only allowed to be so messed up, like just to a certain degree, but no more?”
“Yeah, like, you’re supposed to have certain problems, or certain kinds of problems, or in a certain range of severity, and if you happen to fall outside that range, it’s like you’ve done something unacceptable or unspeakable, like there are these secret rules, and you’re condemned or something. I don’t even want to call it condemnation, because that would require that they recognize it. And they don’t. They don’t believe in it. To them, all problems are solvable with twelve-step, so the only problems that exist are the ones twelve-step can handle. It’s like this massive body of presumption and expectation that they don’t even acknowledge, they’re completely unaware that they’re doing it. And they’re hugely invested in staying unaware, and they’re unaware of that too.”
“Exactly! You can actually see it in the steps themselves. They’re so prescribed, telling you what to do, when doing those things might not be right for everyone, not an option for everyone, not make sense for some people. It’s like it was never even in the plan to try to make it of use to as many people as possible.”
They were interrupted by a voice from the other side of the table:
“Yo, guys, glad you’re getting along and all that, but how about joining the rest of us?”
“Ah. Sorry. Right. Sure.”
“Actually, your conversation sounds interesting and we want in on it.”
“Ha! Ok. We were talking about how you can be sort of unacceptably troubled for some of the help that’s out there. Or some of what presents itself as help.”
“I have some experience with this phenomenon.” It was Tim. “I had a therapist once who, I don’t know, it was like she had all these techniques in her bag of tricks, but they were all kind of ridiculous if you were in really bad shape, which I was. It was like it was my job not to be too awfully sick, so that I’d fit into some scheme that her training had prepped her for. It’s like, holy crap. Just listen to the person, see where they’re actually at, have some flexibility, some creativity, some intelligence and attunement and actually do the job that you’ve presented yourself as being capable of doing.”
“Oh that sucks,” Lia said. “We ran into a lot of that in twelve-step. I think that the program here has more flexibility built in and is inherently more likely to be able to accommodate people in lots of different situations, as far as how extreme what they’re going through is, and what their capabilities are. Because the points are more about making room for yourself and getting a sense of what you need, figuring out how to proceed from wherever you are. So ‘where you are’ doesn’t have to be in any particular place. You never open your book to specifics like ‘go make amends’ or ‘accept that you’re helpless and surrender to a higher power’.”
Oliver started making vomiting noises.
“Dude. Eating.”
“Sorry Kate.”
“Gonna let you live this time.” She cringed at her plate and shook her head.
“Really. I’m sorry.”
“I’ll be okay. You’ve got enough points. Just cashing a few in, that’s all.”
“Hard core here, eh?”
“Better believe it.” 
Everyone got back to the business of eating their pie. Eventually, even Kate.
*****
Early the next morning Sheila was on her way back to Savina’s. She noticed a feeling she always got from certain parts of the city, like going over this old bridge. Partly from the vintage feel of it, and partly just from the idea of how far back it went. She looked at the beams and the arches and went back to look at a sign that she’d seen a hundred times but never quite registered. It was built 70 years ago. She let the idea and the feel of it soak through her as she went into the woods, falling in love with the old stone walls that lined the path, feeling like she was walking through time.
When she got to Savina’s, she found her sitting out front, sorting through some seeds.
“I want to show you something.”
She handed Sheila a single seed.
“Look that over for a second.
Then she showed her another seed that had begun to sprout in a little container.
“See how the outer layer has been pushed open, so that the leaves can emerge? See the root making its way into the dirt?”
“Yes.”
“That’s potting soil, it’s easier for the seed to start sprouting there. Sometimes we’ll baby a seed like this, start it indoors and transplant it later, when it’s warm enough outside. A lot of fruiting plants are like that. Tomatoes, peppers, zucchini. Because they take longer to mature and you don’t want to run out of season before you get your vegetables. But other things, like lettuce and peas and beans, can go straight into the dirt.
“I want you to think about the fact that the seed still has to push itself open like this, and the root still has to extend itself into the dirt. So you don’t want your dirt hard and solid. You want it lighter and looser. We’re going to loosen up some dirt in one of the beds today for some new planting, and one thing to remember is that you never step on the dirt where you’re going to plant. Your weight will pack the dirt down, and you don’t want it packed, you want lots of space in there. Worms are good for that. They aerate the soil as they make their way through it, and their manure is a good supplement for the dirt too.
“We don’t want the dirt to be a dead environment either. We want it to be full of life. Good rich soil for healthy plants. When I peel or cut off part of a fruit or vegetable, I throw the cuttings into a special container in my kitchen, and bring them out back into a compost pile. They rot, along with some grass clippings and other materials that rot well, and next year that compost will make our garden dirt a much better place for growing, when we work it into the soil.”
“Your whole back yard is practically all garden. How do you have grass clippings?”
“Good question! If you give away enough vegetables to people, you stop feeling shy about asking them to donate the clippings from when they cut the grass in their big yards. They’re usually happy to give it.”
“That’s great! And brilliant.”
The old woman gave her a wink.
*****
After a morning of turning soil over in Savina’s garden beds and working compost into the dirt, Sheila was wiped out by the time she got to Adam’s spot. She sat on the ground in front of a bench, leaned against the seat, let her head roll back against the concrete, and shut her eyes, with her arms and legs sprawled around her. Wiped out, she drifted into the ecstasy of rest.
As her strength began to return to her, she slowly opened her eyes, her face still pointed at the sky. She took in the sweet blue and the elaborate clouds, the fountain and old dolphin statues, and suddenly there was a shift in the image, in her perception of it. She could see it as though in two dimensions, and the outline of a frame suggested itself, around a section of the picture, and that whole blurry childhood memory came into focus. Art! Paintings! We used to go to a museum! My mom would carry me and we’d look at the old paintings. I had to be really young. I loved looking at those things.
She didn’t realize she had jumped as the realization came to her, not until Adam opened his eyes. He smiled at her excitement and waited for the story. She told him, in fragmented bits, of the flashes of color, the feeling of beauty, the vagueness, and then this explosion of clarity. She wanted to go to the art museum.
“So lets go!”
“Really?”
“Yeah. Are you busy?”
“No, but I’d want to change. And I’m beat. Can I go home, grab a shower, pass out for an hour or two, and meet you there?”
“That’s perfect. They don’t open until 1 anyway.”
“Okay, so 3:00?”
“Works for me.”
“We’re going to the museum!”
*****
Bathed, rested, and dressed, Sheila turned the corner to see the museum entrance. She got a chill from the sight of it. Statues of great lions on either side of a set of stairs, pillars at the top on each side of the doors, leading up to more statues above, of gargoyles looking down on the city, and an inscription across the top, something in Latin she couldn’t read. But she could feel something, the familiarity, all that vague, just out of reach sensation, opening up to her as she climbed the stairs. It was almost like a taste or a smell, but it was no specific one of her senses, and at the same time it was all of them and more. She went through the main doors into a little foyer, where she found Adam.
“You’re white as a ghost! Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m good. It’s just, everything coming back to me, it feels so strange. Good but strange.”
“Ok well if you need to sit down or zone out or whatever, here and there, just let me know.”
“Awesome. Thanks. I might!”
They went through the inside entrance and got their tickets, then wandered into the expanse of halls and signs directing them to various exhibits. Surrounded by giant, ancient-seeming architecture, they felt like children, full of wonder.
“They say if you go back as an adult to a place you remember from when you were a child, everything will seem small. I don’t think there’s any danger of that happening here,” Adam said.
“No, no worries there! Can I borrow your pacifier?”
He gives her a playful shove.
“It’s so odd. It was me, who was here, but I feel like it was almost someone else. Like it’s a different version of memory, of different substance, when it’s that far back, when it goes back to when you were so little. I don’t think I could even talk, I probably wasn’t putting any of my reactions into words. I wasn’t even walking! So it’s like I’m kind of someone else, but I have these random pieces of that little girl within me, and she’s bouncing off the inside of my head right now.”
“Are you okay?”
“I’m great. Like I’m high or something. I mean, I’ve never been, like from drugs or anything, but this has to be what it feels like.”
“Where do you want to go first?”
“I think the permanent collection. I want to see what she saw.”
They made their way up another set of steps and then into a labyrinth of halls, each with art from different periods, different regions. She walked like she was being pulled, and he followed her lead, to the French Impressionists.
“This is it! This is the color I remember. Oh my god, this color, it was like a delicacy, it was like taking it in had a sweetness, oh not exactly, but just this wonderful feeling, maybe that the world had so much more within it, more depth and beauty, more intrigue, it’s so hard to say more of what, but much more than I’d imagined, based on everything else I’d seen around me. I think I fell in love when I saw this.”
“Pierre Bonnard,” Adam read the artist’s name from the description.
“I think I just want to stay here and take this in for a while.”
She stood, then sat, then curled up into a little ball, trying to reproduce her likely position in her mother’s arms, while Adam stood watch. She stared at the colors until her brain seemed unable to take in anything new. And even then she stayed a little longer, having trouble tearing herself away. Finally she took a deep breath and said, “Ok, I got my fill. Or as much of it as I seem to be capable of absorbing. What’s next? Is there anything you’d like to look at?”
They explored the rest of the exhibits, not looking for anything in particular, like children discovering new worlds, sometimes reading the artist’s background, sometimes just taking in the sensory experience of an image, or intentionally overloading themselves by visually gorging on the contents of an entire room at once. They stayed until they were weary and dizzy, and still it was a struggle to leave.
Adam sighed, a sort of crumbling sound, and dropped his head.
Sheila laughed. “Yeah, me too. Lets say goodbye to these wonders.”
They said it out loud, several times, as they passed each of the rooms on their way to the exit.
“People think we’re crazy,” Adam said.
“Good. If no one thinks you’re crazy, you’re probably not living up to your fullest potential.”
“I think you might have a different idea of potential than the average bear.”
“Absolutely. Mine’s right though.”
She stumbled into him on purpose, laughing.
“This was great. Thank you for doing this with me.”
“Absolutely. I would not have missed this.”
“Hey, do you have any old thing you want to reach back into yourself and relive? Somewhere you’d like to go?”
“I was thinking about that. I think so. But it’s kind of intense for me and I have to sort it out a bit first, decide how I want to explain it. It might be a little while but yeah, I think there’s somewhere I want to go.”
“Ok. Whenever you’re ready. You’ve got an indefinite rain check.”
8
Sheila continued to spend most mornings with Savina, picking up as much as she could. She learned about annuals and perennials, heirlooms and hybrids, which plants grow early in the season vs later, which shoots to pinch off of a tomato plant, how to protect an asparagus patch from being eaten by bugs using a homemade repellent, which plants were favored by local wildlife and needed extra protection lest they get wiped out entirely. Some of her education overlapped with her studies at home: pH, or parts hydrogen, measures the concentration of hydrogen ions, and in the garden a slightly higher pH (acidic) is good for most of what we want to grow, and is generally found in the local dirt naturally. Blueberries, however, prefer a lower pH (alkaline) and need adjustments to the soil if they’re to produce good-tasting fruit. She even got some lessons in the kitchen, as she helped Savina can green beans and other surplus harvests.
She came to know her way around well enough that she’d sometimes arrive at the house and start weeding and tending to the beds without being given instructions.
One day she was securing the support lines for some raspberry bushes when a man called out to her from the road.
“Excuse me! Do you have a minute?”
“Sure.”
“I’ve seen you working here almost every day when I’m on my way to work. I just bought a house up the street and- oh, I’m sorry, my name is Devon.”
“Hi Devon. I’m Sheila.”
“Nice to meet you Sheila. I’ve always loved these sorts of gardens, and thought that when I had a place where I could have one of my own, that would be the first thing I’d do. But now that I have a place, my work has become very demanding and I don’t have any time. I was looking at what you’re doing and it’s great. I think I always thought in terms of flower beds and landscaping when I heard the word ‘garden’, but you’re doing vegetables and somehow it’s even more beautiful. In an earthy way that I really like.”
“I feel the same way! Plus you have lots of fresh vegetables in the summer.”
“I’m actually jealous. I caught myself feeling jealous. But then I thought I’d talk to you, see if you might be available, if you’re interested I’d like to talk about hiring you to do this sort of garden at my house.”
“Oh, wow. I, I’m not an expert at this or anything.”
He looked around at the beds and pots bursting with plant life. “This would seem to suggest otherwise.”
“Oh! I’m just helping Savina. This is her house, it’s her garden. She’s been teaching me while I help out.”
“Well it seems like you’re a good student. She’s not here right now, telling you how and what to do for these bushes, for example.”
“Yeah, I guess I’ve started to get a sense of things. But to create an entire garden, to transform a whole yard, I wouldn’t know what to do. I’d need to talk to Savina, see if she could guide me through it, or if it’s too crazy an idea.”
“I’m glad you’re even considering it.”
“Mm. Pre-considering”
“Ha! Ok, good enough. I have to get to work, but here’s my card. Maybe we can sit down and talk after you’ve had a chance to ask Savina what she thinks.”
“Sounds good! Nice meeting you, Devon.”
“Talk to you later!”
And he was off.
A flood of thoughts filled Sheila’s mind. She was disoriented with a combination of excitement and uncertainty. Could she do this? What would be involved? Would it even make sense to try? What would Savina think? Could they talk about it? She would just have to ask her. She’d be out when she was ready, Sheila would have to busy herself until then. Her mind was on a high speed spin cycle, but she tried to occupy herself with a task. She brought a bucket to one of the beds that needed to be weeded, sat down and started pulling weeds, dropping them in the bucket. The tension was demanding that she cry or scream or talk non-stop or do something to release it, but she continued to weed, amidst increasing dizziness.
She had been at it for about twenty minutes when Savina appeared in the doorway.
“Child, are you alright?”
She had been so proud of herself, putting her anxiousness away and directing herself into a task that needed doing.
“Yes, I’m fine. Why?”
Savina laughed. “Were you thinking of putting weeds into that bucket when you brought it over?”
She looked down and saw that she had been dropping her weeds into a pile on the ground next to the bucket, and in various other spots nearby, but very little had made it into the container.
“Oh. Oh dear. Yes. I’m a little distracted.”
“A little.” Savina was laughing. “What’s on your mind?”
Sheila gathered the misplaced weeds and moved them into the bucket, then dusted herself off.
“Do you have some time? I want to ask you about something.”
“Of course! I just made a pot of coffee. Come on in, we’ll talk.”
They sat down at the little table in the kitchen with cups of coffee, fresh figs, and little cookies. Sheila told Savina about Devon’s request.
“Well, transforming an entire yard into gardens, that’s quite a task. It would be a lot of work.”
“I’m willing to work hard. What I want to know is, is it possible? Could I do it?”
“With some help. I can talk you through some of what you’d need to do. There are some things that would need to be delivered, some things that would need to be constructed. You’d have to talk to Devon about the deliveries, and I have some helpers who could do some bed-building, things like that, if Devon agreed to have some extra people involved.”
“Okay, I’ll ask him about that.”
“It’s getting late in the season to start a garden for this year. We’d focus on getting some structural things set up, turning over the dirt in what will become his beds, and there are some crops you could plant for the purpose of working them back into the soil to improve it for the upcoming planting. You’d focus on this type of prep work in the fall, take a break in the winter, then really get things going in the spring. You’d be spending weekends and days after school at it. Will this interfere with your studies?”
“No, I’m usually so far ahead I kind of sail through my classes. I read a lot on my own time.”
“Ok, so you’ll be cashing some of that time in then. Sounds fair enough.”
“Savina, thank you for helping me with this!”
“Don’t thank me yet. You have a lot of work ahead of you. You may be cursing me by the time it’s over!”
Shelia laughed. She couldn’t imagine cursing Savina.
“Do you have that notebook you’re always writing in? Go get it and I’ll start going over what’s involved.”
Sheila ran outside and retrieved her backpack with her notebook, drank a little coffee and started taking notes.
*****
Back at home, Sheila took out Devon’s card and read the number, and then his name, and the number again, and then just stared at the card itself for a while in what felt like a mild paralysis. He wanted her to do this. And Savina was there for any guidance she needed; this was a good thing. But she was terrified to call. She spent some time in that terror, until coming to the thought that the effects of the stress were doing her more damage than whatever she was afraid of, so she went ahead.
“Hi, Devon, it’s Sheila, we met while I was working in Savina’s garden. Yes, it was good to meet you too. Hey I talked to Savina and she was very supportive of the idea. There’s not enough season left to do much other than prep work before this winter, but I could pick up again in the Spring. And I’d need some help with building bed frames and maybe some other structures, but Savina has some people in mind for that. There’s a fair amount of stuff we’d need delivered from the garden center and the home improvement store. If you want to go forward we can give you more detail, and some early-stage plans, after we’ve come over and taken a look at the space.”
Her next call was to Savina. Devon had been very enthusiastic. He’d pay for whatever supplies were involved, plus delivery, and they could come over anytime to look the space over. The three of them should all meet once to confirm everything before getting started, but he had quoted her an hourly rate that would cover her living expenses and then some. Savina laughed at the girl’s excitement, heard the shaking in her voice, told her it would be okay and that they’d start looking over Devon’s place in the morning.
There was nothing to do about it until then. Without seeing the space, and without Savina’s expertise, she couldn’t make plans. She couldn’t make the season last longer before the winter, she couldn’t make time go faster before tomorrow morning, but her mind wouldn’t let go of her. She needed to shove it off this track and allow herself some relief: the intensity felt like it was going to make her head explode. And she needed something to hold her thoughts in a different place to give her a chance to calm down. 
Thank goodness for her books. She turned to them now, diving into the reading as sanctuary. Each sentence led to the next, the path for her focus to follow had already been so beautifully planned out, concepts and pieces of information presented to her to digest at whatever pace she was able. What a relief to have a place for her mind right now. As it consumed each new idea, it seemed to seize the chance to escape from the track of fretting over an unfamiliar project. She read and read and read. She read until her mind felt stable again, and she read some more.
Once she started to feel mental fatigue, she went downstairs and made herself a banana peanut butter smoothie. She sat on the porch step to drink it, and her mind began to play with garden thoughts again. This time it felt healthier, though. She was imagining what the first few steps might look like, and as she thought through them, she realized she had some questions she needed to ask Devon. So she ate, and thought, and made mental notes. Back in her room, she got out her notebook and called again.
“Hey Devon, it’s me, Sheila. Sorry to bother you again, but I thought of some questions I should ask you before we try to start planning anything in your space. Things like ‘are there any plants you definitely want included in your gardens? Vegetables you like to eat or flowers you’d like to see? Or is there anything you really don’t want, like foods you hate?’ And I guess, ‘when you look at Savina’s yard, are there specific things about it that you’re hoping to have as part of yours?’ Anything you have in your head, that you’re envisioning, would probably be good for us to have in mind as we start to plan.”
Devon couldn’t come up with anything off the top of his head, but said he’d spend some time thinking about it and report back.
“Oh, and another thing. I’m not sure how big of a problem it’s going to be, for you to be overrun with produce. If you’re too busy to cook, it might feel unmanageable - I know at Savina’s, during the harvests, it’s a daily chore too keep up with picking everything, and that’s on top of the weeding and other tending to things. That might be something to think about before setting you up with an onslaught of vegetables.”
“Well, I figure I can keep you on to pick vegetables and tend to the garden, if you’re willing. And if at some point you want to move on, I can probably find someone who’d like to do it, either for money or produce or a combination of the two. About harvest size, if there’s too much for me, I’m thinking it might be really nice to have food to share, to offer to people who could use it.”
“Okay, good. We won’t worry too much about that then. And I’ll watch for your wish list, and maybe anti wish list!”
“I’ll get on it tonight. You ask good questions. I think this is going to work out great.”
*****
Devon had left a hand-written list of his garden preferences, along with his address, in an envelope under a beautiful rock just inside the entrance to Savina’s front garden. Sheila picked up the rock - well it wasn’t exactly a rock. It was heavy like a rock, but slightly translucent. It was salmon-colored with trickles of lavender and it sort of gleamed. She’d never seen anything like it. She was staring at it when Savina joined her.
“This is what he wants?” She picked up the paper and began to scan it.
“Well, I asked him to let me know about things he likes, and things he doesn’t, plus some other questions, to get a sense of what we’re shooting for.”
“Very good. Lets see. Just one thing in the ‘hates’ column: radishes. We should plant him a big bed of them, see if he has a sense of humor.”
Sheila’s eyes widened.
“Just kidding, kiddo. Ok. Red peppers, tomatoes, green beans, garlic, shallots, zucchini, eggplant, Swiss chard, lettuces, basil, parsley, rosemary, peppermint, feverfew, lilac, lavender, mulberries, strawberries, peaches, violets, sunflowers - it’s a good list.”
“What’s feverfew?”
Savina tore a leaf from a nearby plant.
“Tear this up and smell it.”
“Oh that’s wonderful! Can you eat it?”
“I don’t think so. I’ve heard of the old folks making tea with it, as a home remedy.”
“I love the smell.”
“I’ll send you home with a little pot of it. But back to his list. We’ll start with the biggest plants. Mulberry trees get huge and they just end up feeding birds who then drop purple poop on everything. You can get miniature mulberry trees. Maybe we’ll do a row of them. So then the biggest item will be the peach tree, or trees. So we’ll give them a balanced, or central spot, toward the back of the yard and work around them.”
“Why near the back?”
“It’s nice to be able to look into your yard and see the garden, and a tree is going to obscure the beds behind it. There may be things we’d like to obscure, but probably not the majority of your yard.”
“Oh that makes sense! What else?”
“Lilac smells wonderful, so I’d put that close enough to the house that he might get the scent on a breeze. But off to the side because it grows into a decent-sized tree. Or it could go in the front. Fennel has a wonderful smell too, so same idea there, but it won’t get huge.
“Things he might want to grab quickly from the kitchen should be pretty close to the house, so lettuce, a tomato plant or two, and some herbs. We’ll do some little beds around the house for those. We can put more of the same stuff out back, along with the other vegetables, in beds and patches, throughout the rest of the yard. Shall we go and take a look?”
“Yeah. His address is on the back of the paper.”
“Ok, that’s just a few houses up the street. Bring your notebook - we’ll do some initial sketches.”
*****
Savina brought a long measuring tape and she and Sheila walked across the dimensions of the front and back yards, taking down their measurements. She had Sheila roughly draw and label the two areas in her notebook.
“How long, and how wide, do you think my first garden bed is out back?”
“The one with the different salad greens?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t know. 12 feet long? I don’t know.”
“It’s 4x8. Now look, I’m not trying to make you feel bad. I just want you to have some sense of how big things are, as you try to envision laying out the areas here and filling them with the plants we talked about. And the beds don’t have to be 4x8. I think that four feet is a good width because you can weed without stepping onto the dirt. You just have to be able to reach two feet from each side, which is pretty reasonable. Beyond that you’re contorting yourself. But the lengths can be longer. The wood generally comes in twelve foot lengths, so you could do 4x12, or, well, you think about it. I want you to try and do a plan on your own, put a draft together and bring it back to me. We’ll go over it together.”
“Okay! I’ll give it a shot!” 
*****
Back in her room, she got out her notes: the outlines of Devon’s yards with dimensions, his garden wish list, and the notes she took from Savina. She got out a blank piece of paper and realized she wanted more space, so she pulled out a big brown sheet that she had salvaged out of some delivery packing material.
She started with the back yard. Two peach trees, not all the way back, but close. A lilac closer to the house, but off to the side so he’d have his view. Another lilac in the front, but that one just penciled in. A row of miniature mulberry trees along the property line. No, set it back a couple yards so he can pick from both sides.
Near the kitchen door, a small lettuce bed, another for herbs, a single caged tomato, a mint patch and a small strawberry patch. She’d put more of these things in larger beds further from the house, but was remembering what Savina said about access. It was a functional decision, but she could already see what a compelling atmosphere it would create. Under “what is it about her gardens that appeal to you” he had mentioned “old European feel”. This was exactly the sense she got from her mental image of the little kitchen section.
Fennel. Maybe nix the Lilac bush in front, so that the smells wouldn’t interfere with each other, do fennel there instead? But then she went back over Savina’s notes: Lilac would flower early in the season, the scent from fennel would come much later. So she did both, front and back, close enough to catch from the house. She was going to want to move into this place.
Out back, a bunch of parallel beds. Peppers, chard, tomatoes, beans, eggplant, lettuces. Zucchini would get more of a patch. A big one. Same with strawberries. Even with the patches offsetting things, the parallel beds were starting to look too uniform. She started moving things around, maybe with some smaller beds centered, toward the house: basil, parsley, peppermint. Potatoes out back. Compost pile way in the back corner.
Rosemary was delicate - it would stay in a big pot. Maybe in front. Same with Lavender. Might want to bring these inside in the winter. Violets are beautiful but they only flower early and then they’re just a green plant. She’d make them into a border along a side of the yard. And maybe put some in big pots in front, that could be stashed way out back after the flowers had finished their run. On the other side of the yard, a row of sunflowers. Not too close to any beds - they apparently suck a lot of nutrients out of the soil. 
He had mentioned being interested in some winter squashes or maybe gourds. Probably towards the back, in a patch. That still left a little room here and there, and he had said he’d like more flowers, but that he wasn’t sure which ones. She figured she could do some research, pick out some options and see what he’d like, and they could be tucked into odd spaces that needed something, no need to figure that all out right now. She had a basic structure to take to Savina, which she folded up and put in her pack with her notebook.
*****
Back at Savina’s, she found herself anxious to show her the plans she’d drafted. She held her breath a little as she laid them out on the table.
“This is very good. You’ve been paying attention!”
Sheila exhaled. She had been even more nervous than she’d realized.
“We’ll need something to support those sunflowers. They get heavy on top and can fall over if you don’t tie them to something.
“And look at the vegetable beds. Those tomatoes are going to grow pretty tall. Not like a peach tree, but taller than a bush bean plant, or a pepper plant. By enough that they’ll obscure the view of the beds behind them. So except for the one you’ve planned for easy kitchen access, I’d put them a little further toward the back. But overall you did a great job of keeping his view of the garden in mind.
“Watch out for the mint you have in the kitchen garden. It’ll take that whole area over in a couple years. I’d put it in a big pot if you want it there, and you can let it spread out back in an area that’s not too close to anything. 
“And I’d put a little more space between beds. Actually, it’s a good idea to put extra space between everything, beyond what you feel like you’ll need. Individual plants always seem to take up more room than we envision early in the season. And whole beds expand beyond the nice little borders we assign them. Devon’s got lots of space, so we can make use of it. I’d put an extra couple feet between each of these. It’ll make it easier to weed and harvest, and tending to whatever else needs done. Good job, Sheila. We can go ahead and order materials.”
Shelia felt a little dizzy at the sound of the woman’s praise. She got her bearings and regained her focus.
“I’ll call the twins.”
“The twins?”
“They’ll make the bed frames for us. It’s not complicated, but my hands aren’t steady enough to handle a drill. You should learn what’s involved though. I want you to go to the store with them, and see them make the frames. You can meet here and catch a ride with them.”
Sheila made the changes Savina had indicated and took her next draft to Devon. His eyes lit up as he looked them over.
“I can’t believe this is going to be my yard. I’m really psyched. This looks great. Hold on, I want to get you some money.”
“I haven’t done anything yet.”
“You did these plans. You had to spend time thinking about it, you came and looked at the space, you consulted with Savina, you’ve included everything I requested and tailored it to the space I have. That was all work, Sheila. I’m paying you today for what you’ve done so far, but it’s really a guess as to how much you should be getting. I want you to start keeping track of the time you spend working on this stuff. Billable hours. Even when it’s just thinking.”
“Ok. Thank you.”
Sheila consented to be agreeable, but she knew she couldn’t really do what he asked. When she had something she wanted to figure out, especially if there was any creative aspect to the problem-solving, she’d just sort of let it roll around in her mind, go into a sort of dreamy place about it, and that’s when her best ideas seemed to come to her. She had no sense of how much time she spent drifting around in her head like that, and felt that if she tried to stay aware enough to find out, she’d lose the benefit of that looser mental state - the ideas might stop coming entirely. But she’d at least keep track of the time when she was specifically focusing on the work, writing up plans, things like that.
“I set up accounts at the home improvement place and the garden store, so you can use them for whatever supplies you need. Oh and I might be out of town when you finish turning over the dirt, so I included some money toward that in the envelope.”
“Thanks Devon!”
Back at home she opened her envelope and nearly fell over. Was she really earning all this? But then she thought about the upcoming winter. She wouldn’t have anything coming in then, and she’d nearly run out of the money the Odwals had given her, so this would get her through until the spring.
*****
After quick introductions, Sheila hopped into the front of the pick-up truck with Tai and Kai. 
“So how do you know Savina?” Tai asked.
“I was admiring her garden and she asked me to help her with some netting she was trying to untangle. I think she’s helped me way more than I’ve helped her though!”
“That sounds like her!”
“How about you?”
“She taught math when our mom was in college. They stayed friends, and we’d go over when we needed help with something from school. And then sometimes she’d ask if we could fix some little thing for her, or put a few pieces of wood together for something in her garden. She’s really smart but doesn’t feel great about messing with power equipment.”
“Or hammers,” Kai added.
“Right.”
“Saws.”
Tai was laughing. “Okay. She doesn’t like stuff where you can get hurt.”
“I think her manual dexterity isn’t totally solid.”
“I’m not sure. Have you heard her play piano?”
“Well there are different types of manual dexterity.”
“True. Anyway, we’re not experts or anything, but we’ll stop by to do minor stuff like that. It’s good to get to see her once in a while.”
“And sometimes she’ll feed us.”
“Oh god, yeah. have you had anything from her kitchen?”
Sheila made a dizzy face. “Best food I’ve ever eaten. So how’d you learn to do all this stuff?”
“That’s our dad. He’s always fixing stuff in his workshop. So we hang out with him and we just picked some of it up. But we really don’t do anything complicated. Don’t get the wrong idea!”
Sheila laughed. “Ok, I’ll try not to get too intimidated then.”
“Yeah, no need for that. Hey we’re here.”
They filed into the store, loaded a huge bunch of 2x8’s onto one of those industrial-looking carts, then grabbed a bunch of nuts and bolts. Sheila had them put it all on Devon’s account.
As they were heading into the parking lot, Sheila saw a couple of deaf people having what looked like an animated conversation using sign language. There was something that always excited her about seeing people signing, it seemed like a piece of some other world that was so intriguing to her: it was hard not to stare. Just as she was about tear her eyes away, she realized there was something throwing her about the one guy. She got a little closer and it hit her. It was Adam.
“Do you guys mind if I run over there for a second?”
“Sure. Don’t want to load the truck, we get it.”
“Funny. Thanks.” She ran over to the signed conversation, disrupting it with her arrival.
“Adam!”
The sight of her was clearly disorienting to him.
“Oh! Sheila. Hey. Didn’t expect to see you here. Ah. Sheila, this is my brother Leo.”
He turned and signed to his brother, voicing his side of the introduction for Sheila’s benefit. Leo gave her a big grin and shook hands.
“Nice to meet you Leo.”
More signing, interpreted by Adam: “Nice to meet you too.”
“I’ve actually got to run. I’m supposed to be helping load a truck. Oops.”
“Okay, catch up with you later.”
She ran back to the truck, and the twins were almost finished loading.
“Nice timing.”
“Hey. I’m sorry. That’s a friend of mine, and I didn’t even know he had a brother, let alone a deaf brother.”
“Huh. Well I think we can forgive you. You really missed out on all the fun, loading the truck though. Maybe you ought to do the last couple pieces, so you don’t feel too left out.”
“Sure, I’ll play this game.”
They took off their gloves and threw them at Sheila. She grabbed a pair and put them on, and started putting the rest of the wood on the truck. It was awkward at first, but she figured out how to manage the long pieces, while the twins provided commentary.
“She won’t make the team this year but she’s got potential.”
“Good form. Needs to work on her accuracy though.”
“Unfortunately we’re not getting a chance to see how her stamina holds up.”
“It’s hard to compete these days with so many kids doping”
“Okay! I’m done. Thank you for the soundtrack.”
“Least we could do. Well, that and letting you do most of the unloading at Devon’s.”
“We’ll see.”
*****
Kai drove up the back alley behind Devon’s and parked next to an old-fashioned garage. It was empty and open. The twins looked at Sheila.
“Well you’ll have to let me out first.”
Tai hopped out of the truck, and Sheila got to work unloading the boards.
“You really do show a talent for this. Don’t you think, Kai?”
“Yeah. We haven’t seen someone take to unloading like this since-”
“Ok guys, it’s all fun and games until-” Sheila turned, swinging a board around with her as though she were going to knock the twins over, but stopped short.
“Let us help you with those.”
The three of them finished unloading the boards. They went over Sheila’s notes and started cutting the lengths to her specifications. 
“These are 12 feet long?” Sheila asked.
“Right,” Kai answered.
“So when you called them 8x2’s-”
“Those are the cross-section measurements, in inches.”
“Oh duh.”
“Don’t worry about it. You’re probably worn out from all that unloading,” Kai said, grinning.
Sheila helped hold down the ends while the twins finished the cutting. Then they started lining them up and drilling into the ends, fastening them with nuts and bolts, and a stack of frames began to grow outside the garage.
“Do you want to try?”
“Me? With a drill?”
“We’ll guide you through it.”
“Okay.”
They lined up the wood and coached her on holding the drill steady, using the right amount of pressure. She put the hole where it was supposed to go, but felt massively uneasy doing it.
“I can understand why Savina doesn’t want to mess with this stuff.”
“It’s good to at least know how to do it though,” Tai said.
“Yeah, I can see that.”
“You want to do one more?”
“Sure”
Sheila did another, which was slightly less disturbing than the first, surprising her. Then the twins took over, making quick work of the rest.
“Do you want us to help you move them into the yard?”
“Yeah, probably better not to try to move them myself. That’d be great, thanks. They don’t have to be in the exact right places, but we can at least shoot for the layout in my sketch.” She picked up her notes again and they all looked them over.
“This is going to be a big project. You’re going to make this place like Savina’s?”
“I’m gonna try. I’m excited about it but I’ve never done anything like this before. Savina’s helping me. And other than turning over the soil, most of the work won’t be until spring.”
“I think it’s great. Can’t wait to see it.”
“Well you won’t if we just stand here talking. You gonna help me carry these or not?”
The three of them distributed the frames throughout the back yard, plus a couple that went out front.
“Well we’ll see you around. Maybe we’ll stop by and watch you work from time to time,” Tai said.
“Like a drive in movie. We can bring popcorn and coke,” Kai added.
“Ew.”
“Yeah, I know, you want carrot juice and a salted cucumber. How we have the same DNA I’ll never understand.”
“Don’t get me started.”
They continued to badger each other as they made their way back to the truck.
Sheila remembered the money. “Hey guys, wait up. Devon gave me some money. I want to give you some for your help today.”
“I’m not going to argue with that. Thanks Sheila.”
“Absolutely. I appreciate the help. See you at the movies.”
“See ya!” they yelled in unison as they started for the truck, each of them muttering something about DNA.
*****
Sheila worked until dusk, turning over the dirt for the beds, not even getting a quarter of them finished. She would definitely be earning the money Devon gave her. She was exhausted, and grateful that she had thought to pack a peanut butter sandwich, a pear and a bottle of water. She took a couple bites while she sat on the ground, hoping she could gather enough energy to make it home. After a few minutes the food started to do it’s job, and she kept eating as she started her trek back.
At home, she desperately wanted to just collapse into sleep, but she knew it’d be a miserable sleep being so dirty and sweaty, so she forced herself to shower first. Completely spent and slightly delirious with the opportunity to finally rest, she was almost laughing when she climbed into bed.
In the morning, the exhaustion was gone, but when she went to get up, every part of her body was sore. She experimented with her arms and legs and neck and back, making little movements, turns and flexings, amazed at the different ways she was able to hurt. Eventually she pushed herself up out of bed and got something to eat, brushed her teeth, and then thought about how bright it was for morning. Still a little disoriented, she looked at the clock. She had slept for eleven hours! She scrambled to gather her stuff and rushed out to Savina’s.
“I’m sorry I’m so late. I worked at Devon’s last night and then overslept.”
“Are you in pain? You’re almost wincing.”
“I’m sore I guess. But there’s so much to do.”
“No. Not so much that you should do this to yourself. Were you turning over dirt yesterday?”
“Yeah. I wanted to get it all done, but-”
“Sheila. That’s a ridiculous amount of work to try to do in one day. Especially when it’s not something you do every day. You have almost two weeks before you go back to school, so just doing one bed a day would get it done in time.”
“I just-”
“I know. You want to get everything done. You’re excited and you want to do a great job. You will. But you don’t have to do it all in one day. You shouldn’t even try to do that. Have some patience. Hurting yourself doesn’t do any good, not when you can easily avoid it and still make things work.”
“Okay, so one bed a day.”
“And none today. Maybe even tomorrow. Start after that. Take a day or two off, rest, recover, maybe take a walk.”
“Walking over here did seem to help, actually. Ok. But what about you? Are you okay?”
“I’m fine. I can do most of my garden chores myself. If I need help with something I can borrow you for a little bit, but you can put the bulk of your energy into Devon’s.”
“Okay. I’ll see you in a couple days then.”
“Not so fast. Did you eat breakfast?”
“Yeah. A piece of banana bread, an apple and some peanut butter.”
“I’m making you some oatmeal. You need lots of fuel when you work that hard. Sit down.”
After her second breakfast, Sheila felt fortified and ready to walk home. And ready for a low-exertion day. Reading, thinking, probably a nap in there somewhere.
“Now I’ll see you in a couple days. Go home and relax.”
“Thanks Savina.”
*****
She walked more slowly than usual, paying attention to the sensation in each muscle as she moved through the woods. There was a soreness that became particularly pronounced at a certain point in each step, and she was trying to pinpoint just where it would occur. It seemed that as she focused on it, it would move, so it was very challenging to say exactly where and when it was happening. Her attempt made it more difficult to walk, even at this slower pace. Her focus turned increasingly inward, so that when she got to the fountain, she didn’t realize Adam was there until she almost walked into him.
“Hey! Are you okay?”
“Oh! Hi! Yeah. I’m just really beat, really sore. I’ve been working on a new garden and it’s beating the crap out of me. We were getting materials for new beds when I saw you at the store. I didn’t know you had a brother. I didn’t know you signed. Have you done that all your life?”
“Yeah. Leo’s a few years older than I am, so he was my big brother, you know? When you’re little, kids a little older are the coolest people in the universe. And we kind of had our own little world. Our parents didn’t allow him to sign, so we sort of wound up with a secret language we’d use when we could hide it from them.”
“They wouldn’t let him sign?”
“Yeah. There are doctors and other professionals out there telling parents that if your deaf kid signs, they won’t learn English and they’ll never be normal, never reach their potential. It’s totally backwards. Signing gives them a way to articulate their thoughts, gives them a language that they can easily use, directly, without a bunch of insane hoops to jump through, like reading lips and trying to make sounds that you can’t even hear. Not that there’s no value in having some of those skills, but that stuff doesn’t replace having a language you can use early on, having a native language that your brain can make use of, if that makes any sense.”
“Yes. I’d never thought about it at all, but it does.”
“So when we were kids, we had all these signs we made up, our own private language sort of. Then Leo started school and he picked up American Sign Language there, so I ended up using that with him. Once in a while we’d still use a few of our old home signs, but just between us, never out in the world.”
“They taught American Sign Language at his school?”
“No! Can you believe it? It was against the rules there too, signing in school, although they eventually at least started letting them sign on their own between classes and stuff like that. But they didn’t teach it. He picked it up from the other kids.”
“But how did the other kids know it?”
“It’s sort of handed down, spreads throughout a deaf community. Some of the kids, maybe ten percent, have Deaf parents, so they were signing before they got to school. They could communicate really well with each other on day one. And the other kids absorbed it fast. It’s a little different, depending on where you come from, but just like a different dialect of a language. You can adjust pretty quickly, at least for practical communication. Your nuances might be off, and really fluent signers would catch that, but anyway you find a big mix of levels and styles. And then each school sort of ends up with its own dialect. Kind of a dialect. I’m not a linguist so I’m not sure if the word is exactly right, but something like that.”
“That’s amazing. So your brother and other kids picked up a language between classes?”
“Between classes, on the way to and from school, during meals if they could sneak it in. Games and practices were great for that, actually. Lots of time with the other kids outside of class.”
“Games and practices?”
“Yeah. Lots of sports Teams. Basketball, softball, my brother played soccer. I used to love going to the games. I got to be in his world, and that was the best. There were lots of deaf kids there, so I picked up a lot of ASL just hanging out. And then of course continuing to use it with Leo.”
“That sounds wonderful.” 
“Yeah, I’ve been thinking about it lately, from when you asked me if there was anything from my past that I wanted to return to. It’s definitely that. I want to go to a game again. I wanted to ask you if you’d want to do that with me.”
“Oh I’d love to go! So, everyone there is signing? They all know ASL?”
“Yeah, pretty much.”
“I’d like to try to learn whatever I can before showing up there. I mean, not just for that - I was always interested in ASL, I just didn’t know anything about it, didn’t know where to go or who to ask.”
“That’s great that you want to learn. I can help. I can get you some resources and we can spend some time on it too if you want.”
“That would be great!”
“Ok, so tomorrow I can bring you some resources and references if you’re definitely coming by here, but for now I can show you a few things to get you started. Like the alphabet.”
“Thanks! And I can plan to be here tomorrow, whenever is a good time for you.”
“Okay. So it’s not like you’re going to be spelling everything, a whole lot of your signing will be signs that represent whole words, and grammatical constructs that end up representing even larger segments of language, but sometimes you’ll need to spell something, and it’s good to get lots of practice with the ASL alphabet: both in using it and in reading other people’s finger-spelling. Deaf people sometimes zip through their finger-spelling really quickly. So I think the sooner you start seeing it, the better.”
“Sounds good to me. You’re my guide.”
He taught her the alphabet, used it to spell her name and his, and how to sign “Hi, my name is Sheila” and “Nice to meet you”.
“So go home and just practice spelling words that come to mind.”
“Ok teach. See you tomorrow!”
*****
A day of rest did her good. She practiced her ASL alphabet, read her science books, and gave herself permission to have a lazy day off. The next morning she felt ready to dive back in at Devon’s, but she followed Savina’s instructions and just did one bed. Plus she had scheduled her meeting with Adam this time and couldn’t just be reckless and do another bed or two. She arrived at the fountain right on time.
Adam had a bag full of ASL resources for her.
“There are a couple books in here that are on the old side, but they’re some of the best texts out there on the subject. They’re advanced for a beginner, but between how smart you are and the way you go after things you want to learn, you’ll probably be ready for them soon enough. And there are lots of files you can use to learn vocabulary, grammar, lots of practice watching different signers, and some exercises for you to try.”
“Thanks, Adam! This is fantastic! Should I just take this stuff home and start working on it?”
“No, I’ve got some stuff to go over with you today.”
“Awesome. Hit me.”
“Okay, so you know how in English, we often have sentences that start out with a subject, then a verb, maybe something after that, an object or whatever else you might have there?”
“Sure. ‘The cat bites the dog.’”
“Right. ‘My name is Adam.’ But in ASL, you’ll often have a different structure, instead of Subj-Verb-Obj, you’ll see a lot of what’s called ‘Topic-Comment’. So, like when you say, ‘My name is Sheila’, in ASL you’re actually saying, ‘me: name Sheila’.”
“Ok.”
“So, pointing at your own chest is like saying ‘I’ or ‘me’, pointing at mine would be like saying ‘you’, and if, say, Leo were here, ‘him’, etc. The sign for ‘my’ or ‘your’ or ‘his’ etc is an open flat hand, for ‘mine’ you touch your own chest with the palm of that hand, and for anyone else you direct your palm in their direction.
“The thing is, if a third person isn’t present but you want to say something about them, you can indicate who it is and then just set up a point in space, point to it, and after that, every time you want to say ‘he/she/they’, you just point to that same spot. (I mean singular they. Plural they has a left-to-right motion.) Anyway, you can do the his/her/their sign to that established spot, you can do anything to that spot that you could do if the person were there. When we get to directional signs, you’ll see more examples of what those things are, but we’ll keep coming back to those points for the rest of that conversation. It’s the ASL version of pronouns.
“Something kind of cool: if I want to tell you a story with a couple people in it, I can set up more than one point in space to refer to the different individuals, even three or four. Beyond that I start to lose track of where I put everyone. But Deaf people can manage about twelve. It’s amazing. Like the part of the brain we use for processing all the sounds we hear is available to them for all this really impressive spatial-type cognition.”
“Twelve. Just thinking about that is making my head spin.”
“Same here. There are a lot of strengths you’ll find in Deafness. Many people in the Deaf community don’t see it as a disability, impairment, anything like that. It’s more like they’re a linguistic minority with their own culture, and there’s a lot of pride in it and affection for it. If you ever see the word ‘deaf’ capitalized, that’s what they’re talking about. Someone who identifies as a member of the Deaf community, not just the idea of someone who doesn’t hear sound.”
“That’s fantastic. This is making me really excited to go to that game. Well, I’ve got a lot to learn first. I want to be able to understand as much as possible when I get there. So I guess I’ll go hit some of this stuff you’ve put together for me.”
“Let me throw some vocabulary at you first. You don’t have to remember everything, you’ll see it again in the books and video, but if we go over things together I can give you feedback on your form.”
They did her vocabulary lesson, and with her head full of signing, she drifted back home, finger-spelling everything that came into her awareness for practice. P-A-T-H. T-R-E-E. S-K-Y. W-O-N-D-E-R.
9
Back at home, Sheila ate her lunch while thinking about this different type of language. She had taken Spanish in school, but to communicate visually was an entirely different experience. She started watching some of the videos Adam had given her. Some were beginner instruction on basic signs and simple sentences, some were pure vocabulary resources, there were presentations on ASL grammar, and lots of footage of people signing, for practice in receptive skills. There was also the book Adam had spoken so highly of: American Sign Language - A Teacher’s Resource Text on Grammar and Culture from the Original Green Books. It did look too advanced for now, but she looked through it a little before focusing mainly on the basic lessons and vocabulary.
She promised herself she wouldn’t leave her science reading behind, even if it meant just reading a tiny bit every day, so she read a few pages from each book before getting ready for tonight’s meeting.
She sat at a table with Lia, Oliver, Kate, Tim and Dana.
“Hey guys, how’s it going?”
“We’re mourning the impending loss of Kate. She’s going away to college,” Tim answered.
“Oh no. I’m gonna miss you!”
“We’ll keep in touch. And I’ll come home on holidays and try to catch a meeting then,” Kate said.
“Well we might survive this, but it’s going to be hard.” Sheila gave her a hug.
The room settled into a quiet attention as the speaker prepared to start the meeting.
“Hi. I’m Jesse.”
“Hi Jesse!”
“A few of us got together and decided we want to try to hit some of the points that haven’t gotten attention for a while, so new people get to think about them, and probably good for the rest of us to have this stuff cross our minds once in a while too. So I’m going to try to focus on point eight today. I’m going to start by reading it from the literature.

How do we want to approach real life situations? Developing boundaries.
Detachment, internal acknowledgment
Choosing outward reactions and actions.

“So how does this play out in my life?
“I know that when my dad is high or looking for a fix, he can be hideously cruel, and can be fueled by the sight of any pain he causes me.
“That can influence me to harden, to shut down, to protect myself, to avoid vulnerability to the grotesque damage that can happen when he’s around.
“But I also need to take care of myself in a deeper sense. It plays out something like this:
“He insults me, or assaults me, or breaks something of mine that I value.
“I feel great pain and anger. I want to kill him. I want to cry. What he has done is not okay. I feel shaky.
“If I can, I try to stop, and to look inside. I address myself, I focus on my internal needs at that moment. I clearly state, in my mind, that he has no right to treat me this way. That I do not deserve to be hurt or insulted, that that line still exists, defining decency, that I have a right to, regardless of his trespasses. I affirm to myself that my rage is completely justified and that I have room for it, I celebrate it and the defiance it represents. I give it voice inside myself and I reassure it that it is heard and understood and supported and will not be forgotten.
“I have this space where I know these things, where I care for myself, where no one can intrude. This is mine and everything precious about my life is safe here.
“In this space I gather my thoughts and ready myself.
“I will not cry. I will not scream, I will not seek petty, ineffective revenge. I will shut down what I must, on the outside, to achieve this.
“But I am still here, inside.
“Outside I stay calm, quiet, steady. I do not engage. I remove myself if I can. I stay physically present if I must, waiting out the storm. I show nothing, I do not provide fuel.
“Through it, I remember who I am. And when I can be somewhere more fully safe, I grieve, I feel the pain and tend to my wounds. I call on my friends to lend me their amazing support. I cry and I tell my stories, I reach out and I connect and I affirm that I am alive and worth fighting for.
“We develop so many layers within ourselves this way. I’ve seen how our wounds give us such uncommon depth. 
“I wish none of us ever had to go through any of this, and at the same time I’m grateful for aspects of who we become. Not grateful to our abusers! But I just appreciate everyone here so much. I’m so glad to know all my program friends here. I feel that I’d recognize one of us anywhere, with the complexity of our understanding, the extreme depth of our experience and our processes.
“Thank you everyone, for helping me find the strength I need so that I can take care of myself better in real life.”
A choral echo back: “Thanks Jesse!”
Everyone made their way up to Jesse’s table, thanked him for his talk, told him how great they thought it was, said they’re sorry that things are so hard, and asked if he needs anything.
“Thank you. And thank you for asking. No, I mean, I’m going to keep coming to meetings and trying to find my way through all this. I’m really glad this is here for people like us. I don’t know what more to ask for.”
When the gang from Sheila’s table made it to the front, they asked Jesse to come to the diner. He thanked them and started to give his regrets, but they offered to treat and made a convincing case that their lives would be significantly better if he would join them.
“You wouldn’t want to deprive a bunch of program kids this little bit of happiness, would you?”
Tim was clasping his hands as though he were begging, and made the most forlorn face he could muster.
“Wow, the pressure gets pretty extreme here, huh? Okay well I don’t want to stand in the way of your well-being. But most of all, I want you to stop making that face, Tim.”
Tim switched to a deranged expression.
“Also that one.”
This exchange was interrupted by Dana.
“Lets go guys! Kate’s hungry!”
“No. Dana’s hungry. Don’t make this about me, buddy.”
“I’m really okay. But I think Kate’s famished. She’s just too polite to say.”
“Oh for-”
And Oliver interrupted.
“Kids, kids! We’re all on the same side here. Lets get to the diner before Jesse changes his mind.”
So they dragged their little mob to the diner, made too much noise but were so endearing about it that mean looks from nearby tables were quickly transformed into charmed laughter, and what might have been a smidgen of envy.
Jesse looked at the menu.
“So what’s good here?”
Kate answered: “Everything. But we get pie.”
Dana advised: “Don’t be intimidated by the pie police. Order whatever you want.”
“Yeah, if it’s okay, I think I want to get a grilled cheese sandwich.”
“Heretic.”
“Ignore her.”
“This is weird,” Tim said. “I’m usually the one badgering everyone to get with the pie program.”
“I knew I felt different when I woke up this morning. Couldn’t quite say how though. So, it’s good, and also disturbing, to find out.” Kate made Tim’s deranged face.
Tim blew his straw wrapper at her. Kate switched to Tim’s sad face. Tim reached for Dana’s straw and was quickly swatted away.
“You guys are a lot of fun. I mean, for crazy people.”
“Thank you, Jesse,” they all replied in unison.
The food arrived and the table became quiet. Someone at another table said, “The kids got their food,” and the rest of the diner broke out laughing.
“Well this is embarrassing,” Jesse said through a mouthful of sandwich.
Tim stood up, took a bow, and said, “I’d like to thank you all for coming tonight, and I’d also like to thank-”
“Sit down, Tim!” Another choral response.
Tim sat. Now the whole diner was laughing, including their table.
Sheila said, “Hey Jesse, I hope this isn’t too program, but when you talked about reaching out to your friends, I’d like to be on that list.” She wrote her number down on her napkin.
“Me too. Give me that napkin.” Tim added his name. Everyone followed suit, passing the napkin around and sending it to Jesse.
“Thanks guys! Backatcha. You wanna pass this around?” He wrote his own number and sent it around the table.
“This is all real Hallmark, but the tragedy you all seem to be overlooking is what is to become of our napkinless Sheila with pie on her chin?” Kate asked.
“Fear not,” said Dana, while she wiped Shelia’s chin.
“There is no pie on my chin.”
“Not now, babe. We got you covered.”
“What did I ever do without you guys?”
“Walked around with pie on your face and didn’t laugh very much, I’m guessing,” said Tim.
“Sounds about right.” Sheila shook her head and grinned at her favorite mob.
*****
In the morning she was back at Devon’s, turning over another bed. When she finished, she stopped in at Savina’s to see how she was doing on her own.
“I’m fine, dear, but you look shaken. Why don’t you sit down a little?”
Sheila sat and stared into space for a minute.
“Did you do too much digging again?”
“No, I’m okay. I’m just doing one bed a day like you said. It’s my meeting from last night, and the speaker, the talk he gave. We asked him to come to the diner with us afterwards, our treat. When he found out we were there for pie, they quickly scanned the menu for some sort of real food that wouldn’t cost much more than a piece of pie. I don’t know if anyone else noticed or not, but I think he was famished.”
“Why don’t you invite him here for dinner? I’ll make a feast, fatten him up a little.”
“I don’t want him to feel like I’m asking him out, I don’t know.”
“Well, we could invite the twins, and your friend Adam. Would that be better?”
“That might work. I’ll call him tonight. When should we try to do this?”
“If he’s that hungry, I’d say soon. Let me call the twins, and you can check with Adam.”
“Thanks Savina. That’s really good of you.”
“Of course. But there’s something else bothering you.”
“Well it’s Jesse, that’s his name. He talked about his situation at home and it was really scary. I’m not supposed to talk about what people say at the meetings, so I can’t say much, but I get so upset when I think about what drugs do to people’s lives. When they’re not there for their kids, when they abuse people in their families, I can’t bear to think about it, I feel like the earth is going to swallow me up if I even try to imagine it. It’s just so much excruciating pain, and the damage just goes on and on, reverberating through people’s lives. I don’t understand why we don’t just abolish the stuff from the face of the earth.
“I mean, I believe that people should get to decide what to do with their own bodies, but I also feel like if those choices lead them to do other things that are so cruel and hurtful, then maybe there should be some limits on those freedoms. And I understand too, that not everyone who drinks becomes an alcoholic, and not everyone who does drugs becomes an addict, but since we know that there’s a significant portion of our population that responds to the stuff that way, it seems crazy that we even let the stuff exist at all. Like, is that really a good reason to allow kids to be abused? So that some people who like to party can have a good time, get extra chill, alter their mental state in a way that they find gratifying? I know, I’m being extreme, I’m talking like some sort of totalitarian control freak, but it just makes me shudder when I think about it. Sometimes I can’t stop shaking.”
Savina thought about this for a minute.
“I can see that this is genuinely upsetting to you. And I know your heart’s in the right place. I’m not going to try to tell you how to feel. I think it’s already obvious to you that it’s a complicated problem, and even if we could decide to get rid of all drugs, it might not be possible. I hate to see you hurting like this, but I know that it’s because you care so deeply. I do believe it’s better to hurt sometimes than to be an uncaring person. I can’t solve the world’s problems, but lets see if we can at least help this one person.”
“Oh, Savina, I’m sorry for ranting like this. I just get so upset. It’s really generous that you’ve offered to make dinner for him.”
“Well, I was thinking that he’s going to need to eat for more than just one day. And if his home situation is that bad, he may need a place to stay from time to time. I have lots of extra rooms upstairs-”
“You’d do that? You’d let him stay here?”
“Well, lets get him fed first, and then we can talk about offering him a place to stay.”
“I don’t imagine he’s going to want to put you out, or do anything they might think would feel like that, even if the dinner goes great.”
“Well, I have some things around the house I could use some help with. I could ask him at dinner if he could give me a hand, then maybe he’ll feel less shy about accepting a place to sleep.”
“Oh Savina. Thank you so much. I’ll call him when I get home about dinner.”
*****
Sheila arrived at the fountain to find Adam in his familiar lotus pose. Her mind was so full and tangled, she was so wired with all these thoughts and her feelings about them, being reminded of meditation was like being reminded that you can breathe. She sat down on the concrete and sought to quiet her mind. The fountain was a perfect place for this; no wonder Adam had chosen this spot. She felt herself relax and release a bit of her grip on all her concerns, she felt some of her tension drop away, and she sat, appreciating her own existence, this bit of time in it, and finally was even able to briefly quiet thoughts of appreciation. There was just a vague sense of wellness.
When she opened her eyes, Adam had finished his session and was stretching.
“Good morning.”
He laughed. “Is it still morning?”
“Doesn’t matter.”
“It’s a nice reset, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, even just for the few minutes I just did.”
“So how’s it going?”
“Going,” she dropped her shoulders, exhaled and stared into the distance for a second. “There’s so much going on right now. But let me start with the ASL. I have some questions.”
“Sure.”
“So I watched some of the instructional videos, and one of them talked about facial expressions being part of certain signs, and certain grammatical constructs.”
“Yes. I’m glad you looked at that. A lot of people think that signing is done strictly with your hands. But your eyes and your mouth and sometimes your whole head are a big part of it too.”
“Ok, so when they did questions. Yes-no questions are supposed to be asked with your eyebrows up, and the ‘w’ questions, so ‘why’, ‘where’, ‘when’, ‘who’, and ‘how’, are generally expressed with furrowed brows.”
“Right.”
“So, when they demonstrated this, it looked really ridiculous, like just overdone, something I can’t imagine an actual person doing. And when I tried to watch some of the field recordings, and granted, I looked at stuff that was too advanced for me, I didn’t catch them doing it at all. I’m assuming it was just way more quick and subtle, but I was wondering if you could demonstrate it for me, in a realistic, non-exaggerated way, but so that I can see it too.”
“Sure.”
Adam demonstrated appropriate facial expressions while asking her questions like “Do you like coffee?” and “Where do you live?”
“Ok. That looks a lot more natural, and I was able to see it. That helps a lot, thank you.”
“It’s funny, I once witnessed a very tense conversation between a Deaf person and an ASL student, about whether that’s even real, the raising of eyebrows as a part of grammar. They were specifically talking about another usage of it, which is when you introduce a topic in that topic-comment construct. Anyway, the ASL student had just mentioned it in passing, and the Deaf person ridiculed them for thinking that anyone does that, because it sounded ridiculous to them. The student was right, actually, but this kind of thing happens with native users of any language: we do things that are so basic to us that we can easily not realize that we’re doing them at all. Like if someone was studying English, and wanted to say something like ‘The big black mangy dog was hungry,’ how do you know what order to put the adjectives in? Advanced learners of English as a second language can tell you all those rules, and most native English speakers don’t even realize that rules exist. They just do it naturally. So it was like that. And you can’t really blame the Deaf person for their reaction, because in all honesty, hearing people often come into Deaf spaces and say some really stupid things. So they’re sort of braced for it, like if you kept getting hit in the same spot, and it was sore, and you reflexively flinch and try to protect yourself when someone starts swinging stuff around too close to that spot.”
“That’s really interesting. I think I’ll probably have to get over embarrassingly uninformed preconceptions of my own, about D/deaf people.”
“No doubt. But the fact that you realize you probably have them and that you want to improve when you find them goes a long way. Not with everyone. Deaf people are individuals like any other group, so you’ll find people with varying degrees of interest and patience and good will. But it will make a difference with a lot of people.”
“That’s good to hear. Drat. I’m noticing how much I use words like ‘hear’.”
“It’s really okay. If you meet a blind friend and say ‘It’s good to see you’, they get it, you know? I think they’d generally rather hear that kind of language than have people stress out and linguistically contort themselves to avoid them.”
“Ok. That makes sense. Wow, I’m really glad I have you as a guide for this stuff. The resources you gave me are great, but it makes a huge difference to be able to sit and talk about these things.”
“Definitely. I’m glad you’re interested in learning.”
“Very. It’s been in the back of my mind for a long time. Like, if I ever came across a Deaf person, it would be good to be able to communicate if we wanted to. And maybe we could write notes or something, but I mean, to be able to communicate more optimally. And for that, I can choose to learn to sign. It’s not as though a Deaf person can just decide to hear.”
“That’s a beautiful way to look at it.”
“Thanks. Hey, there’s something I want to ask you about. There’s someone I want to introduce to Savina, but I don’t want it to feel too intense or awkward, so we’re trying to get a little group of people together to have dinner at her place. We’re shooting for tomorrow night. Do you think you could come?”
“Oh my goodness yes. You’ve talked about her cooking so much, I’ve been wondering how I could weasel my way into an invite to her table!”
“Ha! Perfect. See you tomorrow night then!”
*****
Sheila got home and stared at her phone. She had to call Jesse, she wanted to call him, but she was nervous. It was a good thing she was doing, trying to get him access to a good meal and maybe a place to stay, but she knew she was treading on a delicate area: Jesse would worry about being a burden. But it was more than that. What was it about picking up the phone and calling someone? She couldn’t help but think about the fact that she had no idea what the person was doing at that moment, what she might be interrupting, what emotional state she might invade or disrupt with her attempt at contact. There was something deeply troubling about the feeling, and she couldn’t make sense out of it. Either that or it made perfect sense and she didn’t understand how people used their phones every day. In any event, she took a deep breath and dialed.
“Hello?”
“Jesse, this is Sheila. From the meeting, and the diner?”
“Sheila, hi! Good to hear from you.”
“How are you?”
“Ok. Well, things are always kind of crazy, but as crazy goes, today’s not bad. Ugh. I just heard how that sounded. Um, how are you?”
“I’m good. I was just at my friend Savina’s, and she wants to have people over for dinner tomorrow night. We’ve got three other people or so we’re inviting, and I was hoping you could come too. She’s the best cook I know, so it’ll be a great meal.”
During a brief pause, Sheila heard what sounded like a pre-refusal inhalation, so she hastened to add, “I should give you a heads up though. She’s getting older and I think she wants some help moving a couple pieces of furniture in her house, so she’ll probably try to draft us to help out. Nothing massive, we’d be able to do it easily with the bunch of us, it’s just too much for her.”
“I’d be happy to help with the furniture. She doesn’t have to go to all the trouble of making a big dinner.”
“I know. Me too. I think it makes her feel better if she does something for us though.”
“Okay, well that sounds great then. Tomorrow night?”
Sheila gave them the time and address and they said goodbye.
She marveled at how skilled she had become at these little kinds of deception, that she pulled this off on the fly. It was for a good cause, she tried to reassure herself. It both felt like an impressive skill and a disturbing characteristic to have. She puzzled over this until her mind grew weary.
She almost forgot to check in with Savina. That call was easier for some reason.
“Hey, Savina, it’s Sheila. So Adam and Jesse are both good for tomorrow night. Did you reach the twins? Great. Hey, I told Jesse that you needed a couple pieces of furniture moved in the house, and that you’d probably enlist our help after dinner. I figured that would make him feel better about accepting the invitation. Seemed to work, but now you’re going to have to let us move a couple pieces of your furniture. Sorry about that.”
Savina laughed, called Sheila a crazy child, and asked what was she going to do with her. But her heart was in the right place, and she’d figure out something the kids could move. She said goodbye, but Sheila could still hear her as she hung up the phone, laughing softly and muttering something in a language she didn’t recognize.
*****
On Friday morning she executed her routine, but just barely being present through it. She turned over another bed at Devon’s, she popped in at Savina’s. “Everything okay for tonight?” Everything was okay. She had asked with a lightness in her voice that was completely deceitful: she was fully on edge. She ran home, washed up, and tried to read, but she couldn’t focus. She should have stayed at Devon’s, at least she could do physical work while in a sketchy head-space. She couldn’t stop stressing over tonight’s dinner. Would Jesse even show up? Would he suspect her subterfuge? Would he come away comfortable enough to accept Savina’s offer of shelter and sanctuary if a really desperate day came? Such days have probably already come and gone, Sheila thought, and shuddered at the idea. She was becoming overwhelmed with her own thoughts, spinning in her head too fast to catch them all. She started to feel weak. She lay down on her bed for a few minutes, and then sat up, the idea having come to her that a meditation session might be a good idea.
She sat on the floor in the middle of her bedroom and closed her eyes. All that had happened, all that would happen, all that might happen but who knows for sure, that’s all for another time. This time and space was for one thing only: for her to exist, for her to be able to exist, unharassed by worry, by the world, even by her own mind. “We’re sorry, Sheila’s head is closed. Our regular hours are...” She loved humor but even that, now, was to be given a firm decline. So she sat. In her being. Allowing herself to breathe, allowing herself space to be, away from all the thoughts and all the reality and all of everything, and she began to take up space, and she began to feel that it was right and good that she should have this space and time, and each inhalation fed her, and each exhalation provided another release. Occasionally redirecting herself back when she’d drift into little trails of thought, she floated into a benevolent void within herself.
When she opened her eyes, it was clear that the session had been helpful. She felt more centered, more stable, more able to maintain a steadier mental state despite the concerns available to her mind. She was able to detach a little, enough to focus on thoughts and activities of her choosing. She made herself a quick lunch, did some reading and spent some time working on her ASL.
The rest of her day was filled with chores, until it was time to go to dinner. She thought she should arrive a little early in case Savina needed any help, or if there was anything else to discuss in private. She put on nicer clothes than she typically did for Savina’s, which wasn’t saying much since she usually went there to work in the dirt. She added her little stone bracelet and left the house.
*****
She arrived at Savina’s and entered the house to all manner of wonderful smells from the kitchen. She went to see what was cooking, if Savina needed any help, and was quickly rebuked.
“Out! Out of my kitchen when I’m working. The old woman does not need any help, just a clear path from the counter to the stove, grazie.”
Sheila was ejected into the parlor, where she found the twins, looking a little despondent over having just met the same fate.
“We always come early. We should know better. She does the same thing every time. But we can’t help it. Maybe it’s a feeling that someday she’ll need help and we’ll have stopped trying, or stopped thinking of it because she’s badgered it out of us.”
“Also, the food. It pulls us. Like someone activated a homing beacon,” Kai added.
“Yeah, there’s that. I thought my story sounded better though.”
A knock at the door. It was Adam. They heard Savina greet him.
“You must be Sheila’s friend.”
Adam introduced himself.
“I’m so glad you could come. The kids are in the parlor; you can join them. It’s right around that way.”
Adam appeared in the parlor doorway.
“Wow it smells good here.”
“Did you notice how he got an ‘I’m so glad you could come,’ while we got yelled at and shooed away?” Tai asked.
“Well, he’s new.” Kai turned to Adam and continued, “Give her a little time, she’ll be swatting you away and cursing in Italian too. We take it as a sign of affection. I’m Kai, and this is Tai.”
“Nice to meet you. I’m Adam.”
“Well sit down, Adam, and begin the slow torture of waiting to be called to the table. We’re all in this together.”
They heard Savina’s voice again. “Hello! You must be Jesse. Welcome! Sheila and the others are just around that way. Go join them, and dinner will be ready in a minute.”
Jesse entered the parlor looking a little dizzy.
“Hey, are you ok dude?” Kai asked.
“Yeah. The food smells amazing. I think I started inhaling too deeply.”
“Oh been there. Our friend in the kitchen is particularly gifted.”
Sheila made the introductions, ‘nice to meet you’s all around.
“Ora di mangiare!” Savina called the group.
“Time to eat,” Kai translated.
“I surmised.” Sheila gave Kai a side eye.
They all swarmed into the dining room and took their seats around the big table. Savina brought out a huge bowl of salad, a loaf of freshly baked Italian bread, green beans from the garden - steamed and dressed with vinaigrette, salt and chopped parsley - and three large bowls of homemade ravioli.
“The ravioli aren’t all the same. The ones in this bowl have a meat filling, this one ricotta, and this one mushroom.”
“Savina, I can’t believe you did all this. Everything smells so good,” Sheila marveled, and everyone echoed her sentiments.
“Thank you dear. Now eat, everyone. Mangia!”
“I didn’t think I liked salad. I have made a terrible mistake,” Jesse said.
“I know, it’s so simple but I’m eating it like it’s candy. What is this, just Romaine, oil, vinegar, salt?” Sheila asked. “Is there some kind of trick?”
“There is. I’ll show it to you next time you’re working at Devon’s.”
“The bread, and the oil, the bread and the oil, ohhh.” Kai swooned.
The kids devoured each dish with great enthusiasm, but when they got to the ravioli, Tai took a bite and started to cry.
“Dude,” Kai said, half in ridicule, half concerned.
“I’m okay. Just a little sensory overload. It’s so perfect, the little pillows. How can pasta be so soft?” He wiped his eyes.
“She makes it by hand. Rolls it out and everything. Takes all day.”
“How do you know this?”
“I came by when she was making Christmas dinner.”
“We weren’t in town on Christmas.”
“She made them early and froze them.”
“I will never forgive you.”
“Understandable.”
Adam looked up from his plate and said, “Sheila, anything you ever suggest, anything you ever invite me to, I will never, ever turn you down.” 
Jesse stayed silent, eating steadily, forcing himself to go slowly, to make sure to taste every bite.
“You okay over there?” Sheila asked.
Jesse nodded intently, while working through a third plate.
Once everyone had finished, Savina started clearing the table, and Sheila jumped up to help. She carried her first load of dishes to the kitchen and found Savina getting ready to serve dessert. “My word, you made pies.” Once the table was cleared, Savina served everyone homemade peach pie, which left the whole group speechless. 
When they’d all finished, she said, “Adam, how about helping me clear the dessert plates?”
Tai pointed at Adam and laughed maniacally.
“Tai, you’re doing the dishes. Kai is drying.”
Adam was seized by a coughing fit.
“Yeah, ok Adam, rub it in, that’s fine.”
“I didn’t say anything. Piece of crust got stuck in my throat.”
Tai gave an eye-roll.
“Jesse, would you help me with something in the parlor?” Sheila watched for a wink from Savina, but she showed not the slightest sign of collusion.
Jesse helped Savina rearrange an old trunk and a couple of antique chairs, and Savina stood back and surveyed the new arrangement. “Yes. It’s much better this way. Thank you Jesse.”
“Sure! Anytime. Thank you for having me, and for the wonderful meal.”
“You’re very welcome.”
Sheila quietly exhaled in relief.
In the kitchen Tai commented to Kai, “Have you noticed how when we arrive, Savina’s like ‘Oh, no, I don’t want any help, the old woman can still manage, shoo shoo shoo,” but somehow after the meal she’s quick to put us all to work?”
“Tai, are you complaining right now? Is that what you’re doing?”
“Oh my. I’m sorry. I take it back. Doing dishes is an honor and I attack my job with vigor!”
The rest of the dishes were done with a facial expression of demented enthusiasm.
“I might have done better to let you complain.”
Tai gave Kai a wink, while continuing to scrub, with an air of twisted victory.
10
The next morning, after turning over her daily bed at Devon’s, she stopped in at Savina’s.
“Thank you so much for doing that last night. It was such a wonderful evening. The food was delicious and everyone had a good time. I think you really put Jesse at ease.”
“He seems like a very nice young man. I hope he’ll feel comfortable accepting a bed here for the occasional night should the need arise. I’ll fix up a room for him upstairs and you just ring me if there’s an emergency.”
“You’re a life-saver, Savina.”
“It was-” Savina stopped herself, straightened her apron and began again. “I’m happy to do it. It was good to get everyone together, and nice to meet your friends.”
Sheila wasn’t sure what had just happened. She could see that whatever it was, Savina wanted some space, and she would give it to her. She thanked her again and headed for the woods.
When she got to the field and the fountain, she found Adam, sitting but not meditating, his eyes open, lost in thought.
“Hey. This is different.”
“Hey! Yeah. I did a short session earlier, now my mind wants to play with things, and I’m just letting it.”
“Change of pace?”
“Kind of.”
“What’s up?”
“First, thanks again for including me in that dinner last night. That ravioli. I’m still thinking about it.”
“Yeah. I don’t know how she does it. That salad had one ingredient and was better than what you can get in a restaurant. She says she’ll show me, and I don’t think I’ll believe it until I see it.”
“It was good to get to meet everyone, but the food was so good that we didn’t talk much! I hope that some day I can get to know them a little better, but I am, and I can’t stress this enough, in no way complaining!”
Sheila laughed. “I know what you mean.”
“I was thinking. You’ve talked about your meetings, and how important the program is in your life, and I was wondering, would it ever be possible for me to come along?”
“Oh, wow, I don’t know. People talk about things that can get pretty personal in there. It’s kind of, I don’t know, it’s easier knowing that everyone there is having similar struggles, or at least has had them. I don’t know how comfortable people would feel about having it be less private. But I’ll ask around, find out if this has ever come up, see what people think.”
“Okay. That makes sense, about privacy. I wanted to at least ask, though.”
“Yeah, it’s fine to ask. Actually, it’s nice that you’re that interested. You know, if nothing else, I’ll get you some of our literature.”
“Thanks!”
“So what’s my next language lesson?”
“A couple things. I guess the general category is perspective. So, if you want to tell me where to find an item in your home, maybe a book that you keep on a shelf in your room, how do you describe it? How did I just describe it? ‘On a shelf, in your room’. If I wanted to be clearer, I’d give more detail: ‘It’s on the left side of the bottom shelf in the bookshelf to the left of my desk. That’s in my room which is the first door on the right when you get to the top of the stairs.’ So we start with the specific details, we start with the object itself, and then we sort of zoom out and give more context.
“In ASL, it’s the opposite. You start with the house, let them know it’s on the second floor. Then which door goes to your room, then where the bookshelf sits, then which shelf, then where on the shelf. It really makes sense if you’re actually trying to find something. You need all that context first, before you can really use the detailed parts.”
“That makes sense. Suddenly I don’t know why we do it the way we do.”
“I feel that way sometimes to. I’m not sure. Somehow the object and the immediate details are extra important to us in some way I guess. But I’m not sure. Anyway, this happens in telling about events as well. If I wanted to talk about going to Savina’s, I might say, ‘I went to dinner at Savina’s house last night.’ In ASL, first you tell them when it happened, then where, then you can say what it was. You set up context first. So that story would go ‘Last night, at Savina’s, dinner party, I went.’ There’s definitely some overlap. Even in English, we might choose an order a little more like ASL order sometimes, but overall there are general tendencies that differ.”
“Neat. I can see how it could take some getting used to, but I love thinking about this sort of thing - different ways of seeing the world and using language.”
“On that topic, here’s something that throws a lot of hearing people. So within the Deaf community, you have people who are called deaf and people who are called hard of hearing, which you sign with ‘HH’ by the way. They can both identify as Deaf in the cultural sense. HH people just have some amount of hearing, but not as much as a hearing person.”
Adam made the sign for a hearing person, which involves making a little circle in front of your mouth with your index finger, kind of illustrating ‘running at the mouth’. Sheila laughed.
“Oh you should see how some Deaf people make that sign. It can feel a bit derisive. They sort of make their lips go like a sputtering motor, ok actually more than a bit derisive. But anyway what I want to tell you about is the way they think of ‘hard of hearing’. As a hearing person, if you met two people who had hearing loss, one who had a minor loss and just needed you to repeat yourself once in a while, and the other who had major loss so that you pretty much had to just write stuff down to communicate with them, you’d probably describe the first one as ‘a little hard of hearing’ and the second as ‘very hard of hearing’.”
“Sure. Ok.”
“But that’s because your point of reference is hearing. A Deaf person has deafness as their point of reference. So (and I’m stealing this example - remind me to give you some references), a Deaf person might say ‘She’s very hard of hearing: she can use the phone. But he’s only a little hard of hearing: he can’t.’ So more HH means further from deafness, so more ability to hear. It can take a while to untwist that shift in perspective and process it the way they mean it, rather than having to contort our minds to translate it through our own perspective.”
“Oh wow, yeah I can see that. At first I thought you were misspeaking, but you weren’t.”
“Exactly. It does start to feel more natural though. So it’s worth studying some Deaf culture and history along with ASL, to get some context. For example, when I called that version of the hearing sign derisive, that wasn’t a criticism of Deaf culture or Deaf people. If you read about the way the Deaf have been treated going back for ages and persisting even now, it makes a lot of sense. There are too many abuses to name in a little session like this, but one of the big ones is that there’s a long history of authorities, doctors and parents trying to take sign language away from Deaf people. Not letting kids sign, punishing them if they do, not teaching it in school or allowing them access to a language that is so much more natural for them to use. This has stunted the linguistic development and mental growth of lots of potentially brilliant people. It’s infuriating when you learn the details. I’d look at some of Harlan Lane’s books. The Mask of Benevolence comes to mind, but I know he’s written others.’”
“My god. That’s awful. Why have we been so horrible?”
“I don’t know. Some of it seems to come from creepy paternalistic attitudes. But some people really do seem convinced that signing is bad for the mental development of deaf children. All of the evidence says otherwise, but there’s a school of thought that’s heavily invested in these sorts of ideas. You can read about it: one of the files in that package I put together for you has a list of reading options for various topics.”
“Thanks. I’ll check it out. It’s so disturbing, but I’d rather know about it than not know about it.”
“I wish more people felt that way!”
*****
After Sheila got home and finished her studies, she had another pre-telephone stress session. This time it was Dana’s number she stared at. Dana generally didn’t feel threatening to her, but the question she wanted to ask generated a lot of fear for her.
She finally made the call.
“Hey Sheila.”
“Hey Dana. How’s it going?”
“Ok, How about you?”
“I’m good, but I have a question. I was talking to a friend of mine about our meetings, and he asked about coming with me sometime. I told him I thought that could be complicated, but that I’d ask around.”
“Complicated is right. I’m assuming that he’s not asking in the sense of wanting to be in the program himself? Because of course we don’t want people coming in and just listening out of curiosity. We don’t want to put our members on display as a form of entertainment.”
“Oh, no. I mean, I don’t think he’s specifically wanting to become a member, although I know he sees a lot of value in the things I’ve talked about from the program, but he’s also not looking to be a voyeur or anything like that. I think it’s more that he’s my friend and he wants to be involved in my life, meet my friends, and understand more about the things that are important to me.”
“Okay, so there’s a category for that. A supportive friend joining someone for a meeting is at least better than that spectator picture I drew, sorry about that. We don’t technically have open meetings where anyone can go, especially because it’s teen night. I think the adult meetings have designated sessions that are open.”
“He wouldn’t really be meeting my friends there though.”
“That’s true. Could you invite him to the diner after?”
“That’d be something. Would that be okay?”
“We’d have to ask and see how everyone feels, but I bet. I mean, you’re kind of vouching for him as someone who would be sensitive to the kinds of processes we’re involved in, if I’m getting the right sense of things?”
“Oh yeah. I mean, we’ve talked about things I’ve taken from the program and he’s commented on how helpful he found them to be as applied to his own experience. I guess I think of him as sort of on the cusp of being a potential member, but that’s not what he asked about: he wanted to come as my friend. But yeah, he’s on board with all of what we do. What I’ve talked to him about anyway.”
“Well lets run it by everyone. Maybe we could do one ‘open to friends’ meeting. I can imagine that some people who want really solid privacy wouldn’t want to lose a closed meeting, but maybe we could do an extra night at some point. And if not, maybe you could take him to an adult meeting, but then also bring him to the diner on teen night.”
“So wait. I can actually go to an adult meeting?”
“Yeah. I mean, ask the person running the meeting, but for your last couple years on the teen side, you’ve got some grey area. I wouldn’t have said to go there when you first started, but I think it would be okay now.
“You can see why they keep them separate. You don’t want random adults in the room when young people are talking about sensitive issues, and you don’t generally want young people hearing adults talking about adult topics. Even though some of the topics might be the same. Kind of a safety thing. But you’re old enough, and if you go in kind of aware that you’re in a different place, I think you’d be okay.”
“Thanks Dana. It looks like there are some decent options, and some potential for more possibilities. I was so stressed at the idea of even asking.”
“I know, it’s always scary to mess with group stuff, program stuff, it’s so vital for us all. But just tossing ideas around is usually okay, definitely okay with me, and the stuff seems to get less scary once we start batting it around. I think, anyway. I hope.”
“Oh yeah, my stress levels have dropped drastically since we started talking.”
“Great. We’ll put the ideas out there on Tuesday, see what people think.”
“Thanks again.”
“Sure thing. See you Tues!”
“Bye bye.”
She collapsed in exhaustion on her bed, wiped out from trying to manage the fear and stress she felt during the call. Reduced as they might have been as compared to how she felt before they started talking, it was still an intense level to sustain for the length of their conversation. It was as though there was an electric current running through her body, generating tension everywhere within her. And now it dropped away, leaving a tiredness that was oddly good to feel, to fall into it, to feed it the rest it begged for. She savored the sweetness of it.
Closing her eyes, she savored the relief and the sensation of slowly regaining her strength, until the moment came when she knew she was back.
She rolled over on her bed and turned to her science books. They demanded nothing of her but her intellect and attention. There was no fear required, never any tension involved in inhabiting their world. She read for hours, basking in the nourishment they provided her mind as the calm soaked through her.
*****
It was Sunday, and Sheila had just settled in for an evening of ASL. She would read a little on Deaf culture for context, then study vocabulary and another grammar point, practice a bit of signing her own thoughts, to the best of her ability, and then the lion’s share of her session would be trying to follow signing from video sources. Some videos were very accessible, things made for beginners, very clear but not very natural or believable as real signing. Then she would watch field recordings or just videos made for a more general signing audience. Those were much harder to follow, or sometimes even to pick up anything at all. She loved watching them though, the way people’s personalities came through their signing even when she didn’t know what they were saying, this thrilled her. And she had come to trust that her time trying to understand bits of content were worthwhile even if she went to bed without the understanding she sought. Often she would awaken the next morning, play the same video, and find that the content was completely clear. What happened overnight? She puzzled at the workings of her own mind, and how it could be such a mystery.
She had just begun to watch a bit of signed news when the phone rang. It was Jesse.
“Hi Sheila. I’m sorry to bother you. My dad’s out of control. I’m really shaken up. I almost forgot that I had your number.”
“Jesse, it’s okay, you did the right thing calling. Are you at home?”
“No, things got too crazy and I just took off. I’ve been running, I got a few blocks away and felt like it was far enough that I’d be safe to stop for a minute and call.”
“Do you want to talk in person? I can head out and meet you.”
“That sounds great. I’ll be on the boulevard in about five minutes.”
“Okay. I’ll see you soon.”
Sheila called Savina as she got ready to head out.
“Hey. I’m not sure yet, but I wanted to give you a heads up. It looks like you might have a guest tonight.”
“I’ll be ready. Let me know if it turns out you’re not coming.”
Sheila ran down the boulevard, which stretched from the east end out toward her part of town, going a little past the street where they had their meetings. As she got closer to where she figured she’d be likely to meet Jesse, she slowed her pace and caught her breath.
She saw the tall figure, holding a backpack, coming her way.
“Hey! Are you okay?”
“I’m not sure yet. When stuff happens I think I kind of go into shock, and can’t always tell you for sure how bad it is until, like, the day after, at least.”
“That makes sense. Do you want to talk about any of it?”
“Well, I came home and my Dad was in a state. He’d been drinking all day, and I have no idea what else was in his system, but he had it in his head that I was out to get him or something, ranting and asking me all these angry questions about where I’d been and who with and saying he knew what we were up to.
“He worked himself up into such a rage that he was screaming that he was going to kill me, had me up against a wall, and then thank god for beer, because then he said ‘But I have to take a leak. Then I’m going to kill you. Wait here.’”
Jesse laughed, even in all this pain, it was good to find humor in some of the craziness.
“So he went to the bathroom and I just bolted out the door and ran until I called you. I don’t know what I’m going to do.”
“Well let’s at least get you set up with somewhere to sleep for tonight. You don’t want to go back there.”
“No, I don’t. But where can I go?”
“Savina has an extra bedroom. You can stay there tonight.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah, I just called her after we hung up. She said it’s fine, to just come over.”
Jesse exhaled. “Oh Thanks Sheila. You’re a life-saver. Both of you.”
They arrived at Savina’s house and she welcomed them in through the kitchen.
“Sheila tells me I’ll have a guest for the night.”
“Yes, thank you for letting me stay here.”
“I’m happy to have you here. The rooms upstairs have been empty for a long time. I fixed up a bed for you. But how about we have something to eat first?”
“I’d love that, thank you.”
“Will you join us Sheila?”
“I can’t turn down your food, Savina.”
They settled in at the kitchen table while she made them eggplant sandwiches with roasted red peppers on homemade bread, and filled the table with plates of olives, sliced tomato, fresh figs, and a basket of extra bread. The three of them ate their fill, and then, after some mild prodding from Savina, Jesse told her about the situation at home.
“Jesse, I’m so sorry that happened to you. No one should have to live with threats like that, to feel that you’re in danger in your own home. You can stay here as much as you like.”
Tears rolled down Jesse’s face. “Thank you.” There was so much more to say, but the words wouldn’t come.
“How about some pie and coffee?”
“Oh Savina, you always know just what to say.” Sheila gave her a mischievous look.
They took their first bites, and Sheila said “I know you can cook. I know you’re a great cook. But every time I eat something you’ve made, it knocks me out all over again, like I can’t conceive of anything being this good.”
“Glad you like it, dear.”
After they finished, Sheila asked Jesse if he would be okay, Jesse thanked her and said yes, so she headed home. Savina showed Jesse to the extra room.
It had a wooden floor, a bed covered with a handmade quilt and big fluffy pillows, a little old-fashioned dresser with folded towels and a wash cloth on top and an oval-shaped mirror on the wall just above it, a quaint old chair and a little night stand.
“This is wonderful Savina. Thank you again.”
“Good night Jesse.”
“Good night.”
Jesse climbed into bed and explored this new feeling, of safety and comfort, slowly letting it sink in before drifting into sleep.
*****
Jesse awakened to rays of sunlight streaming through the big window across from the bed. It felt like being bestowed with a new life, or the potential of one, anyway. He sat up and basked in the light for a few minutes before getting out of bed and wandering down the steps, following the scent of coffee brewing.
“Will you have some breakfast?” Savina asked from the kitchen.
“You’re taking such good care of me. I thought I was just getting a place to sleep!”
She poured two cups of coffee and put plates of fruit on the table.
“I was thinking about buckwheat pancakes. They’re good, but I never make them just for myself. How does that sound?”
“That sounds wonderful.”
She poured batter into a pan and threw in a handful of frozen blueberries.
While they ate, Jesse said, “I’ve realized I’m going to have to go home. You’ve put out this nice bath towel for me and I don’t want to get cleaned up just to put dirty clothes back on. Plus I need my tooth brush and other things. I left in a hurry. I wasn’t thinking there would be anywhere to go.”
“Will you be safe, going back?”
“I think so. He gets into a terrible state sometimes, but he rarely misses work. And I’ll only go in if his truck isn’t there.”
“Can you carry everything you need?”
“I’ll just pick the most important things, take what I can.”
“How would you feel about me calling the twins? They have a truck. You could take as much as you want.”
“I don’t want to put anyone out.”
“They’re probably sitting in a dark room playing video games. It’ll do them good to see the light of day. Get some vitamin D.”
Jesse consented and Savina made the call. “I need you kids to run an errand for me. Can you come by here please?”
While they waited for the twins, Savina had Jesse help her gather up cardboard boxes and a bag of old shopping totes. “You can take these. Use them to pack up what you need.”
The twins pulled up and Savina instructed them. “Jesse will show you the way.” She continued as Jesse started putting boxes in the truck and the twins followed suit. “Bring as much as you can back here. And be careful.”
Jesse told them the story on the way over. “Dude. That’s rough. Sorry.”
Tai begain to sing in an overdone operatic voice, about how they would save the day and retrieve Jesse’s things.
“Do you really need to add any extra suffering to this person’s life right now?” Kai said.
“Why must you always ruin my joy?”
Jesse was laughing. “Thanks guys, you’re cheering me up.”
They arrived at the house, found Jesse’s father’s truck missing, and brought Savina’s boxes and bags in. Jesse went through closets and drawers, throwing clothes onto the bed while the twins transferred everything into the makeshift luggage. A trip to the bathroom for some toiletries and a sweep of his bedroom that filled a couple more boxes, and they started loading the truck. It took a few trips, but they fit Jesse’s life into the back, covered everything with a tarp and started back toward Savina’s.
“Thanks for doing this. I’m sorry for dragging you out here.”
“You’re not dragging us. Savina always finds something for us to do. She thinks we spend too much time inside, in front of a screen. This wasn’t bad at all.”
They got back to the house and brought the boxes and bags in.
“Have you kids eaten breakfast?”
“Do we smell pancakes?”
Jesse said, “You guys don’t want to miss this. I’ll take my stuff upstairs.”
While Savina filled the twins with buckwheat and coffee, Jesse unpacked the bags and boxes, placing clothes in the dresser and closet, settling into his new room.
*****
Sheila noticed physical signs that she was tense before realizing the source. Walking to the Tuesday night meeting, which generally inspired an enthusiastic, optimistic feeling, was filling her with anxiety. Tonight she and Dana would ask the others about allowing visitors in the meetings. She fully understood the resistance she would face. The idea of having people in the rooms who weren’t there to work through their own struggles made it feel less safe, less conducive to doing the delicate work that the program was for. Because if people aren’t primarily occupied with their own difficulties, then it really did feel like they’d be spectators of a sort, and we don’t want an audience, we want a community of friends on their own paths. Similar in appearance, but entirely different in substance and effect.
But when she thought of Adam, she knew he’d never process anyone’s stories in any way other than with respect and compassion. And she knew that his reason for wanting to go was to better understand and connect to something important in her life. He wasn’t a threat, but once you open the policy, the group could become vulnerable, or even just feel vulnerable, which has legitimate dangers in and of itself. So, how to welcome people in this capacity while protecting ourselves from onlookers who could be more voyeuristic, or smug, or in any other way problematic? 
But then she thought, what’s keeping that from happening now? What’s keeping someone who is participating in the program from having unhelpful attitudes and thinking less-than-generous thoughts about other members while they sit in the rooms? Not quite as disturbing, since they needed to be there, but is the comfort of having a friend understand something so important to us also a valid need?
None of this was simple, and she dreaded putting forth such a potentially loaded proposal, especially to a group that had been her salvation. Whatever her feelings, it was time to shift from mental pacing to real conversation: she had arrived at the church.
She entered the meeting room and scanned the crowd. There was typically an adult or two, functioning as a resource and possibly to fulfill some legal requirements. Teen night was associated with an organization for adults that worked the points as well, that met later in the evening. Volunteering at teen night was one of the ways adults could participate in the “giving back” point.
She found a couple women at a table off to the side. She didn’t see Dana yet, but she felt a wave of courage, so she just went ahead and approached them with her questions. She went over her concerns with them and asked for their thoughts.
“It’s a complicated issue, as you’ve described. We never want to do anything to make members feel less comfortable coming here to get the help they need. And at the same time, we don’t want the program to become a divisive force in anyone’s life, where those closest to us feel cut off. My name’s Joyce, by the way, and this is Trudy.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. I was so anxious to bring these things up, I got lost in my thoughts. I’m Sheila. Nice to meet you both.”
“Nice to meet you too, Sheila.”
“What about having one of our meetings each month be open to supportive friends? Would that be a possibility?”
“We talked about that at one point, and the same issue came up. If someone is uncomfortable with it, then they lose their source of support one week each month. We decided that this is something we want to provide every week, that gaps longer than that could easily put someone really struggling into unstable territory,” Trudy said.
“Yeah, that makes sense. I remember when I started. This place was my life-line.”
“We did play around with the idea of having an additional meeting. When this came up in the past, there wasn’t enough interest to make it work, but we could ask the group now and see what people think.”
“An additional meeting? When would we do that? Does the church have an open slot?”
“I think so. The adult meetings are Tuesdays and Thursdays at 8:30. Teen night is of course Tuesdays at 7. I think that the 7:00 Thursday slot is different from week to week. There’s a church group that uses it on first and third Thursdays, and a class that meets on second Thursdays, but I think we might be able to get fourth Thursdays.”
“Oh wow, that would be great. I think we’d have to be clear about how we’re opening the meeting. I mean, I don’t want to suggest a free-for-all, but basically that members can bring someone from their life who wants to be supportive, and will be respectful of the processes that the meetings are meant for, maybe even ask them to look over some of our introductory materials first. I don’t know, this stuff is all spinning around in my head. There’s what feels necessary and what feels reasonable or practical and I’m not sure if there’s any overlap.”
“These are important things to think about. It’s good that you’re giving them some attention. And it’s true, they get complicated and can feel stressful. But we can let members know, even put it into the announcements, what kind of an invitation this is, and we can put some extra introductory material into the opening statements at the meeting, so guests get a little orientation.”
“The big issue is whether enough people would be interested,” Joyce added.
Sheila said, “Well, I can hit people up at the diner, let them know it would be a big help if we could fill out a meeting so my friend could have this chance. I bet I could count on my little crowd, if they don’t have schedule conflicts.”
“Ok. We’ll address the meeting, ask people to think about it, see who thinks they might come. Who knows, there might be other people in your situation who have someone they’d like to bring.”
“That’s great, thanks Joyce.”
“And I’ll double check with the church about the room. Let me give you my number.”
Sheila thanked them again and they all exchanged numbers.
*****
The room had already shifted into meeting mode by the time Sheila finished her conversation with Joyce and Trudy. She settled in at their table as the speaker began.
“Hi, I’m Zoe.”
“Hi Zoe!”
“I want to talk about some things I’ve come to understand about how addiction works. I think that for a long time, I could only relate to my mother’s patterns in terms of how much they were hurting me. And if she was hurting me, I felt that she must want to hurt me. If she put her time and attention into something other than giving me the care that I needed, and I found myself alone and in pain, I felt that she must have intended that pain, that my being alone was part of her plan for me. I felt that in some definitive way she didn’t care at all, or even hated me, and I wasn’t even sure which would be worse.
“But as I’ve read from the resources available here, talked to my friends in the program, and paid attention to my mother when I wasn’t reeling from pain, when I was able to shift into a mode of looking at her independently of how she can make me feel, I started to see a different reality. From the outside, it looks like she’s making choices. Really bad ones, really hurtful ones. But there’s a panic running through her, some extreme urgency driving her, that seems to be more at the wheel than she herself is.
“She’s in control of her basic functions, to a point, but in a way similar to a secondary brain that gets its instructions from a primary brain, and that primary brain is her addiction. If she can get her fix, on some level I think she doesn’t have a choice but to pursue it. And if she can’t, she finds herself in such a distraught state that she’s not able to do much else anyway.
“It’s a weird thing to try to imagine another person’s inner workings like this. And I know that I don’t know exactly what it’s like in there. To what degree is she making her own decisions and to what degree is the addiction calling the shots? I think it’s probably impossible for me to know exactly, but I feel confident in saying that a significant portion of her volition is lost or inaccessible.
“And I’m not saying I’m fine, that it’s all ok, that starting to understand this resolves my troubles. I’m still sad, I still feel disconnected a lot, and I need the things we’re supposed to get from our mothers. But I can at least see her actions as less of a rejection or abandonment, and more of an effect of illness, a general loss or absence.”
As Zoe expanded her talk into examples of experiences with her mother, Sheila found herself drifting into thoughts about the supplemental meeting. Would we get enough people to do it? How many would we need for it to feel like a real meeting? She played with ideas about how that new introductory material should be phrased, and she thought about the general imperfection of these sorts of things, of all meetings really, and of life in general. She became disoriented with the intensity of her own thoughts and had to quiet her mind and try to center herself, then redirected her attention to Zoe’s talk.
She wrapped up and got a nice response from the group. Sheila hoped that everyone else had done a better job staying focused than she did. Joyce got up and made a brief announcement that an extra meeting had been proposed, and that she’d like to get everyone’s thoughts next week on whether they could attend a fourth Thursday semi-open meeting. Each member would be welcome to bring a guest, if they had someone in their life who wanted to share in their experience, to respectfully offer support, this sort of thing. Once she got feedback from enough people, a decision would be made and plans would be solidified and announced. She then turned the room back to Zoe so that everyone could stop by to thank her and touch base a little, which they did. Sheila was searching within herself for the nerve to go to the front table when Dana approached her.
“Hey, I’m sorry I didn’t join you for the conversation about the semi-open. I got here a little later than I meant to, and when I came in, you seemed to be handling it well on your own. I wasn’t sure if it would have been disruptive to join you right in the middle.”
“Oh, yeah, thanks. It went okay.” Sheila was still a little off-balance about Zoe and zoned out for a second.
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah. I just, this stuff has me distracted. I wish I could have put it aside and focused better on the meeting.”
“Oh, yeah, I’ve had weeks like that. Don’t beat yourself up too much for it. We all get to have an off day once in a while.”
“Thanks. I still kind of feel like a jerk though.”
“It’s a good sign. It means it matters to you. Let’s go get pie.”
They ran to catch up with the rest of their crowd, already well on their way to the diner.
After the requisite arguments over whether non-pie choices were acceptable, everyone ordered and Sheila asked, “So if we do that fourth Thursday semi-open meeting, can you guys all come? My friend Adam wants to come with me to a meeting, see how it works, meet my friends. So will you? Huh? Yes yes yes? Say yes please.”
“I’m in,” Dana said.
“Yeah me too,” Kelly added.
“I usually wash my hair on Thursday nights, but for you, ok Sheila,” Tim said with an exaggerated sigh.
“We do all appreciate the effort you put into your hair, Tim.”
“Pre-e-e-e-etty.” Kelly ran her hand clumsily over Tim’s hair, doing an impression of Lenny from Of Mice and Men. 
“So-o-o-oft.” Dana got him from the other side.
The waitress arrived with their order, looked slowly around the table and put their food in front of them in silence.
“I’m thinking we add a few bucks to her tip today,” Dana suggested. Everyone agreed.
Sheila resumed her pitch and got affirmatives for the fourth Thursday meeting from the rest of the table: Lia, Oliver, Jesse, Lucas and Jackie. Sheila hadn’t met the last two people; introductions were made and Sheila thanked them for being willing to give it a try.
“With me and Adam, plus the adult volunteer, that’s ten people already. I think this is going to happen. Thanks guys!”
“Even me?”
“Even you, Tim.” 
11
On her way home from the diner, Sheila was running through the evening’s events in her head, as though preparing to tell someone about her efforts to have an open (semi open) meeting. She found this to be a good way to sort through her thoughts, even if there was no one there to tell the story to. Her mind started playing with how to do it in ASL, and she started to construct the story that way. When she got to a word she didn’t know the sign for, she would fingerspell it, and then when she got home, she looked up the unknown signs. She sat in her room and practiced the whole thing, and thought about trying it out on Adam.
In the morning she continued her manual recitation on the way to Devon’s, and once she started digging, she shifted to imagining forming the signs. It was a new mode for her brain, visualizing a story in a manual language. She was deep in this unfamiliar type of thought when she heard her name.
“Sheila? Are you okay?”
It was Jesse.
“Oh, yeah, how are you?”
“I’m okay. Savina said you’ve been working here in the mornings.”
“Yeah. Why did you ask if I was okay?”
“That was the third time I said your name. It was like you were in another world.”
“Ha! I guess I was. I’m fine though. Just thinking.”
“Do you want to be alone? To think?”
“Oh, no, I’m okay. What’s up?”
“Not much. I thought I’d see if you wanted any help.”
“Oh, yeah, that’d be great. I’m trying to get this done before school starts and I’m cutting it kind of close.”
“I’ll be right back. I’m going to borrow a shovel from Savina.”
Jesse ran down the street and returned with a shovel.
“Where would you like me to start?”
“Wanna help me with this bed? I’m basically doing it in four rows, starting in the center and then backing out to the sides. You can work from that side and we’ll finish twice as fast, and then we can go to the next bed.”
“Sounds good!”
They started turning the dirt over. After while, Jesse said, “This is reminding me of when I was little, before my mom died. She had a garden, and I’d follow my sister around while she helped out with the weeding and picking.”
“I didn’t know you had a sister.”
“Yeah, she was a lot older. She took off after my mom died though. Things got really bad and she had to get out of there. I know she felt bad, leaving me behind, but she couldn’t take it.”
“Sounds like my family. My brother and sister are a lot older, and they didn’t stick around either. At first they were just out all the time, staying with friends usually. But as soon as they could, they moved away.”
“It’s hard, right?”
“Yeah. Things were pretty dark for a long time. I’m doing a lot better these days, with the program, and Savina’s help. I think, I guess I relate to Savina and people in the program as family more than I do my actual family. I mean, it’s not like they don’t exist or anything, but there’s a disjointed feeling in thinking about them.”
“Yeah. I haven’t even begun to process stuff about my dad. My sister though, I mostly just hope she’s okay. Haven’t heard from her for a long time.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. Maybe someday. In the meantime I’m starting to put myself back together, so it’s good. If she shows up someday maybe I’ll have more to offer, like a real family.”
“You have a lot to offer already, Jesse.”
“Thanks. I know. Still, I’m glad to have this chance to sort through things and, I don’t know. ‘Rebuild’ doesn’t quite feel like the right word. Just ‘build’, maybe!”
“I know the feeling. Hey. We’re almost done.”
The work had gone quickly. Moving from one bed to the next while they talked, they did a bit more than Savina had advised, but it wasn’t too bad and they finished them all.
“This is great! Now I can focus on getting ready for school. Thanks Jesse! You know what, let me give you something for this. Cause Devon paid me to do it so you should get a little bit too.”
“Oh you don’t have to do that.”
“I want to. Really.”
“Thanks Sheila.”
She handed him a twenty. She sometimes felt like she should hold onto the money she had as long as she could, her nature being to worry about making it through the winter, but this felt right, giving her friends something when they contributed to the job, and she felt so good about it, the feeling always felt worth more than the money she gave them. She figured that was a good sign.
“What are you doing now?”
“I go to the park and meet up with my friend Adam. He’s helping me learn ASL.”
“Adam who was at dinner last week? That you want to bring to the meeting?”
“Yep!”
“That’s awesome, learning ASL. Is it hard?”
“Well, it’s different! Kind of a wild experience for my brain. But, you know, I’m not trying to learn it all at once. You just keep taking the next step.”
“Sounds like a good approach.”
“Yeah, well we’ll see what happens if I ever try to communicate with a Deaf person. I might want to go climb into a hole.” Sheila was laughing.
“Nah. You’ll do great.”
“Well, we’ll see.”
“Anyway, he seems really nice. It’ll be good to see him at the semi-open.”
“Yeah. I’m hoping that works out.”
“Will you be around tomorrow?”
“Well, I don’t need to do anything else here, but I can stop in to see you and Savina.”
“We’re clearing out a lot of this year’s beds. If you want to help out?”
“Yeah. It’s always good to help Savina. It’s like going to school. Except, you know, fun.”
“Same! I’ve been learning about how beans fix nitrogen in the soil, saving seeds and composting so far.”
“We’ll have to compare notes sometime!”
“Sounds good. See you tomorrow!”
“See ya!”
Sheila brushed herself off and went to see Adam. As she got closer to the clearing, she started getting nervous about her plans to try to do her story in ASL. Maybe she’d ditch the idea. But when she got there, Adam was meditating, so she sat nearby, and found herself going through it again, moving her hands through the air to no one but the dolphins.
Adam opened his eyes and laughed. “She’s making sentences now. Watch out!”
She signed that she wanted to tell him a story. He restricted himself to signing as well, and told her to go on.
She related the story of the previous night, occasionally forgetting a sign, at which point she would revert to fingerspelling, and Adam would show her the sign. She would mimic the sign, sign “thank you” and then continue. Once in a while he would correct a motion or a handshape, a mis-used sign or grammatical structure, but he mostly just watched with an expression of surprise and amazement at her progress.
When she finished, he signed “wonderful!” and then, continuing to sign, asked her if she’d like to continue interacting in ASL. At first she didn’t understand the question, so he repeated it a little more slowly, expanded out a bit, and she felt a bolt of terror at the idea. But then she considered how kind his manner was in clarifying the confusion she’d just had, and signed, “OK. TRY WILL!” And they chatted about meetings, ASL, and going back to school.
*****
She went back to Savina’s where she and Jesse helped finish clearing her summer garden and getting ready for winter. Savina actually gardened a bit into the fall: butternut squashes would be ready to pick soon, but Jesse could help out with the rest of the season. There were only a few days left before school would start, and her mother had given her some money to buy clothes for winter. Plus she wanted to get a few other things organized, and just mentally ready herself for the change.
A letter had come from school announcing that early in the first week there would be a career fair in the school building. Students were to go to their homeroom for attendance, then to an orientation assembly, after which they could attend presentations from a local university on different choices of college major and related careers, or others that focused on various trades. There would be workshops and Q&A sessions for students unsure of which direction to consider.
Sheila read the letter and put it aside. She had spent her youth just trying to endure the passage of time, and the last couple years coming to life, focusing on healing and learning how to engage with her feelings, reaching out to other people, kind of learning how to be a person at all. She hadn’t given a thought to any type of career. She thought about it now.
The thing that she found most rewarding, and that she seemed to be very good at, was helping people who were struggling with their own mental and emotional experiences. These experiences were, of course, often intimately connected to their real life experiences, but Sheila found her gifts and inclinations to be of a more internal focus. Maybe she could pursue formal study that would give her a more thorough background, a sort of expertise in a field that would support this sort of work. She decided to look for seminars at the career fair with this in mind.
When the day came, she looked over the offerings and found Psychology on the list. To work as a therapist, but with the tools an education would provide, this might be just what she had been imagining. So she chose the psych presentation.
It turned out to be a very disturbing experience. She had gone in with a conviction that had been unarticulated up to this point, because she’d never had any need to defend it from opposing notions. It had just seemed obvious to her, and had existed in her mind in an unstated sort of way. It was that the whole point of this sort of work would be to alleviate pain, to help someone find the clarity and well-being they seek, or something they seek, but the “they” was primary. Surely each person is the authority on the terms of their own life, is the one to say what’s right for them, whose internal experience must be taken seriously.
But the presenter seemed devoid of respect for the people who might be patients, or any concern for their internal experience and their sense of well-being. He had his standards that seemed to be based entirely on a person’s performance: at work, at school, in fitting in with social norms. He seemed to miss the whole point, or not to care about it at all: what was happening under the surface. The answer to the question “How are you?”
She felt that she’d been mistaken, and that psychology, at least as the field currently stood, was not the place to help people in the way that she wanted to.
She wondered what was.
She talked to her friends, she read everything she could find, and she spent a great deal of time just thinking about the question. Why was she looking to college for these things? Didn’t she already know, wasn’t she already helping people? Did she actually want a degree, and if she did, should it be connected to any of this at all? What did she hope to gain?
She felt that she would, in some way, have to answer these questions for herself. A counselor from the university might be able to give her some guidance when her lack of awareness might cause her to miss some necessary factor, but she felt she needed to at least begin by thinking through things on her own. Events like the career fair felt like they could just suck you into some sort of a machine and attempt to churn you out into some preconceived product, without any concern for who you were, what you wanted, what might really be right or best for you.
Her thinking explorations on the subject of what she wanted to gain from an education yielded the following. She wanted to give herself a solid grounding in the sciences. A little math and physics, some chemistry and biology. She’d learn about fields that would facilitate the support of a healthy existence, like anatomy and physiology, metabolism and nutrition, anthropology, neuroscience, and yeah, even some psych. But she’d process the material with a discerning eye, watch for institutional biases and framing she might find to be problematic, taking factual information and putting it to use in her own way.
She wasn’t sure what major she could call herself and do that, but she’d talk to the college counselors and see. She’d heard that some schools let you create your own degree. She’d have to ask about that.
*****
She put her thoughts about college on a back burner while she settled into this academic year. She attended lectures and took notes, she looked over her syllabi, books and other resources she’d collected from her classes, and surveyed the year she had ahead of her. She’d seen a lot of the science they’d be teaching, because of all the reading she’d been doing. She’d have to see what details her teachers would throw in that might be new to her, pick up on their style and preferences, plus she’d have to do labs, but a lot of the reading would be skimming or review, and she wouldn’t have to spend a huge amount of time studying. She never had any trouble in her writing courses, or literature, which she just treated as pleasure reading and then wrote her assignments like she was having an interesting conversation about the readings, so no worries about those. Similar for most liberal arts type classes actually. In Spanish she’d just learn what they taught in class, taking it as it came. That left calculus. Most of her books and other resources looked substantial, but the calculus text was almost a non-text. One of these attempts at revolutionizing a subject, or the method of teaching it, that seemed to leave out any substance for students to grasp on to. More like Calculus Appreciation. She’d have to find some supplementary material.
She asked Savina about it over the weekend.
“Savina, I need a good Calculus book. The twins said you used to teach math. Do you have anything I could borrow?”
“I’m sure I do. Let me check upstairs.”
She returned with a heavy hard-bound textbook, over 1,000 pages, that just had the word “Calculus” on the cover. The antithesis of the flashy, insubstantial material that had been supplied to Sheila at school.
“Oh, this looks fantastic. I’ll take good care of it. Thank you.”
Sheila told Savina about the flimsy thing (she hesitated to even call it a book) and other files they were using for the course, and how relieved she was to have something more substantial, both in size and content.
“It’s ridiculous. I’m grateful I taught when I did and that I’m not trying to do it now. Every once in a while someone gets the brilliant idea to overhaul the way we teach math, and it’s almost always some variation on the theme of teaching math without really teaching math. Sparing the students from the content. A complete waste of time. Breaks my heart to see. If your instructor isn’t any better than the material they gave you, feel free to ask me any questions you have. It’ll be good to keep my mind sharp.”
“Thanks Savina! Is Jesse around? I want to say hello before I go.”
“Upstairs. Go on up.”
Jesse’s door was open.
“Hey.”
“Hey Sheila! Come on in.”
“I’m sorry I had to run off last time. I had this ASL thing in my head I wanted to deliver and I was all excited and afraid of forgetting pieces of it.”
“Oh, that’s fine. It’s good to see you though.”
“So how’ve you been doing?”
“Good. Really good. A bit disoriented, but it feels like it’s from disruption of toxic patterns, so as out of it as I am, I think it’s a positive.”
“I know that feeling!”
“Yeah, I mean, I would have never in my life imagined eating this well. And I’m getting stronger: she has me helping with garden chores and some inside stuff, and I last longer every day, starting to get some muscle in my arms. I didn’t even think my arms could do that.”
“You look good. Your face has more color in it too.”
“And it’s not just that. I mean, I spent my life dealing with my dad, and I think it was just an unending exercise in survival, a sort of long-term state of being shut down. Even when I got into the program. I could take care of myself a little better within that crisis situation, but it was still a crisis most of the time. So big parts of me never really had a chance to emerge, I don’t think. Because I’ve been sitting here in my room, and the feeling is like, I have this freedom now, my mind and my body are free to think thoughts and do things, whatever I’m interested in, there’s energy and a sort of aliveness that’s available now that was all wrapped up in dark stuff before. But I have no idea what any of that stuff might be. What kinds of things I might like to do, I just have no idea. And I’m disoriented partly because that’s just a weird thing to realize about yourself, and partly because I have no idea how to find out. But there’s also this other feeling, it’s just good, this feeling of potential, like, I don’t know how it’s going to go but somehow I think there’ll be a way, and I’ll get to see what’s out there, or in here, or wherever it ends up being, and I’ll get to spend time doing things I love and growing in ways that will make me happy, I mean like happy with the person I’ll be developing as. Or with my experience of being alive. I guess. If that makes any sense.”
“It makes lots of sense. It’s pretty exciting, and I can imagine how disorienting that would be. I think that in some ways I can relate. I mean, my folks weren’t abusive like that, so my shutting down wasn’t as extreme, but I feel like I still have a lot of cool things I could discover about myself and about who I am and what I like, which things out there might be interesting to get involved in.”
“Yeah, you get it! I’m glad you at least kind of know what I’m talking about. I was starting to feel slightly crazy.”
“Oh I know about that too! It makes sense, the disorientation can leave us feeling kind of shaken up, and unsure of a lot of things. But you’re not crazy. I’m sure of that.”
“Thanks. So right now I’m just staring into space, letting this all sink in and kind of pondering how I might find some of the things I hope to. What did you think of the career fair at school?”
“Um, I guess I wasn’t impressed. You?”
“Well, yeah, they had their perspective on things, maybe a set of priorities that I wasn’t on board with, but it was good for me to just look at all the choices, just to even think about the different things out there. I circulated around a lot, popped in on different presentations. I mean, they’re mainly focused on ‘what will you do for a living?’ which is less interesting to me right now - I want to find some things I love. But there might be some overlap, there might be some interesting subjects or, I don’t know, some sort of patterns might emerge. I’m just glad to get any exposure to things that I can, now that I feel more able to take things in and process them in a way that feels like my own, I guess. Oh boy am I not sure of anything right now! But something like that.”
“It sounds great, Jesse. Such a messy confusing thing to try to find your way through, and the way you’re thinking through it sounds really insightful to me. If I get any ideas on how to find out about the non-work side of things, I’ll run them by you, okay?”
“Sounds great Sheila, Thanks!”
“Sure. See you later and enjoy your pondering!”
*****
At 7:00, the meeting speaker sat to the side while Trudy addressed the room.
“Last week we asked you all to think about whether you would attend a semi-open meeting on a fourth Thursday. If anyone wants to bring a friend to this meeting, we’ll ask that they have them look over some of our introductory material and check to see that the friend has a respectful response to it, if they’re not already sure. How many of you would definitely attend?”
Sheila held her breath as Trudy asked the question. Well over half the group raised their hands. She exhaled in relief, letting her head fall backwards.
“Can everyone make it this month? That would be next week,” Trudy continued.
Lots of nods from the room.
“Great. 7:00 next Thursday, here, semi-open. Thanks everyone!”
And Trudy turned the meeting over to the evening’s speaker.
“Hi. I’m Tyler.”
“Hi Tyler!”
“I want to talk about what might be a controversial take on point one. I’m sorry if this is disturbing to anyone. It’s important to me, and I thought about it and decided to go ahead with it.”
Tyler looked around the room. Everyone seemed to be open and attentive, willing to hear him out.
“Okay. So it’s about anger. Not just anger. Blind rage. I’m talking about when you feel like you could kill someone, where what you’re experiencing is so extreme that there’s just no possible outlet, no matter what you do. You can scream, or break things, it wouldn’t make a dent in the rage. At some point you might even realize that killing them wouldn’t do any good, the anger and hatred are so huge. You visualize it and in your visualization, you find that it doesn’t help. Where you’re shaking and it’s just burning a hole through your mind, that kind of rage.”
He looked out and was shocked to see some members intently nodding in recognition, looking eager for him to go on.
“So, point one says ‘Validation that your experiences are real and that they matter’. But I often have this feeling, I’m not sure if it comes from the meetings themselves, or just listening to the personal experiences that other people have and manufacturing within my mind the idea that my experience is supposed to be like theirs, or maybe it’s messages we get from the world, about how we’re supposed to feel. I don’t know where it comes from, but I can tell you what it is. It’s that anger is unacceptable, something to be gotten past, so maybe a really progressive attitude might accept it temporarily, but you’re then supposed to have some sort of revelation and mature and let go of some sort of hatred and show up to talk in a meeting and go on about how your life is so much better now that you’ve shed that dreadful anger.
“And that makes me want to scream. I’m here to scream. This talk is the carefully drafted, spoken version of my scream. The forces behind it put into words.
“I think, no, I know, at least for me, that that anger, my right to it, and the rightness of it, are as important as anything. It gives me the fire I need to combat what the abuses thrown at me threaten to do to my sense of myself. It fuels the strength I need to reject the attitudes that would negate my right to exist. And aside from whatever purpose it might have, it is truly what I feel. What an insane thing, to ask someone to deny the content of their internal experience! Besides, any attempt to silence or negate that aspect of my life leaves me paralyzed. There is nothing that matches the horror of having someone treat it as some temporary affliction, as something that will or should fade away with maturity. Or for them to see it as a negative to be tolerated until it passes.” Tyler paused and shut his eyes for a moment, continuing in a much quieter, slower, cautious voice. “Just saying those words makes me want to scream, even bringing those sorts of attitudes to mind.” Another pause and he resumed in his normal manner of speaking. “It’s so important to me. If I am ever to trust anyone, I need to know that they can go into this place with me, to share my rage, to know this fire and see it as right, to see it and experience it as the vital and necessary part of my existence that it is. With no other expectation or hope under the surface that I’ll have gotten over it tomorrow or next year or by the time I’m 30 or whatever.
“I see messages out there in the world, I feel like they’re everywhere, these patronizing attitudes about anger, and expectations about young people who have it, that we have to grow out of it, or that we have to decide to feel, really to be, some other way and just become this preferable docile version of ourselves or something. I don’t know. There are all kinds of attitudes like that, everywhere I look, it seems, and they do exactly one thing. They make me much, much, more angry.
“I need to be free of those attitudes so badly. I need them to go away entirely, but I know that’s not going to happen. But I also know they’re wrong, I know they’re toxic to me, and at very least I need a safe place where I know that my experience will be, oh god, I know it’s an odd word to use but it’s the only one that fits: celebrated. Screamed with me, joining me in clear, fiery understanding and recognition and shared rage where we can burn through the horrors and violations and wounds and insults and everything that’s been so wrong. 
“This place is the closest I’ve come to feeling that there’s a chance for that, but I don’t think I ever really feel safe, really feel sure that those horrors won’t emerge. So I needed to say these things. I want to know that every emotional state we might be in is honored here, and is seen as having value and deserving of the respect we talk about. I don’t know if I can have this, ever. But it’s what I need, and I think it’s important and valid, so I decided to bring this here, and show it to you.”
It wasn’t clear that Tyler had finished. He put his hands down on the table, shut his eyes and took a deep breath and exhaled, then opened his eyes again and looked at the meeting.
“Thank you.”
From a table on the other side of the room, Sheila heard someone forcefully shout, “Yeah!”
Others joined in. There were other forceful sounds of exclamation and release. “Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!”
Some members shook their fists in the air while others clapped vigorously. The room broke out into applause and a chorus of explosive shouts. Tears streamed down Tyler’s face.
“Oh my god. Thank you. Ok. I have a home.”
He thought for a second and added, “Hey this isn’t any sort of transformation. I’m still angry, you get that, right?”
Another round of shouts and clapping, and laughter, not least from Tyler, who was electrified, relieved, euphoric.
Everyone came up to the table and thanked him, offered congratulations and affirmation, along with lots of fist bumps. Tyler started laughing again.
“You guys are the best.”
*****
Tyler joined the diner crowd after the meeting. After everyone had ordered, Tim said, “I was thinking about your talk, Tyler, and how much we have it woven into our culture and language where we’re basically telling people how to feel. Like, I don’t know, ‘forgive and forget’. Kinda creepy if you ask me.”
“I know. It’s everywhere. Apparently most people don’t even hear it, or realize what’s actually happening with those kinds of words. Or they don’t care. Or they get some kind of sick thrill out of it.”
“Yeah,” Lia added. “How about when people tell you to relax? Always so helpful. Makes me want to bite someone.”
Oliver said, “That’s ubiquitous in Spanish too. Tranquillo Tranquillo. Can’t swing a cat without hitting someone telling you that. Makes me want to bite someone in Spanish.”
“Bite someone in Spanish?” Dana gave Oliver a perplexed look.
“You heard me.”
“Let it go,” Jackie said with no expression on her face, staring into space straight ahead, her voice shaking slightly with aversion.
“Oh god no, not that, anything but that.” Lia shuddered.
“Thank god we don’t use slogans,” Sheila said. “Have you guys noticed all those yard signs that say ‘love thy neighbor’?”
“Yeah. And I understand what they’re trying to do, and I think we even want the same things, but one of these days I’m going to lose it and beat the crap out of one of those signs.” Tyler was half laughing as he said it, shaking his head in frustration.
“Ok,” Tim said. “From here on out, lets stop taking it. Next person to tell us what to do or how to feel, we make them regret the day they were born.”
“Yeah, lets get those bastards,” Oliver growled.
Everyone was making noises of angry agreement, and the waitress came and served them.
“Enjoy your pie.”
A burst of laughter from the whole table.
“I said something funny?”
“Hysterical,” Tim said. “You’re a genius.”
“Fantastic. Will this be reflected in my tip?”
“Absolutely.”
After she had gone, Tyler continued to explore. “I think a lot about why so many people don’t seem to react to this sort of thing while it makes me feel like I’m being beat with a stick. Why do I hear it and they don’t? I feel like it’s more than just a sensitivity. Like, we’re doing such a huge amount of delicate work just to maintain the most basic sort of functional balance, and someone comes along with this dopey one-size-fits-all garbage and slings it at me and it’s just too much. So it’s like, there’s an assumption woven into the message, or the decision to deliver it, that we’re all pretty much in the same place, managing the same levels of stress, with the same intensity and the same need for accuracy and appropriateness in meaning, or lack of that need, really, and it’s just not true. A lot of people out there throwing words around just to hear their own voices or something. God how I wish they’d shut up.”
“I think you’re definitely on to something with the assumptions,” Sheila said. “And a lot of the time, I think people don’t at all realize that they’re making them. Like, it doesn’t come anywhere near occurring to them that people might have anything going on, that anyone’s internal landscape might be significantly different from theirs at any given moment. I feel like these people are sleepwalking in a way, choosing their actions based on completely unexamined attitudes, and it’s at our expense.”
Lia nodded. “I was thinking about when the waitress told us to enjoy our pie and everyone laughed. I even thought to myself ‘see? it’s sometimes innocent and harmless and don’t you feel silly?’ But then I thought, what if someone had just, say, lost their mother, and they were overwrought with grief, and they decided to come in and order a piece of pie like they used to do with their mother, eat it in remembrance of her, knowing it was going to be excruciatingly painful but in the hope of having a quiet moment where they sit and soak in the memory of her, maybe find a little sense of connection in the sadness? And then a waitress shows up and parrots ‘Enjoy your pie!’ Reasonable grounds for murder, I think.”
“Yeah,” Jackie said. “We’d probably be better off purging the expressions that have grammatical forms of commands out of the language. Especially when it comes to how people feel. So much can go wrong with them. Even stuff like ‘have a nice day’, I mean, what’s the point? Just say ‘it was good seeing you’. Or at very least, preface stuff with ‘I hope...’”
“Well, some stuff I’d want to keep,” Oliver said.
“Like what?” asked Lucas.
“Look out!”
Lucas jumped a little, looked around.
“What?”
“No, I mean, ‘look out’, I’d keep that one.”
“Ah. Thanks for the clarification.”
Lucas looked around one more time, for effect.
“Very funny.”
“I thought so.”
“You guys are so weird,” said Tyler. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
*****
It always felt odd, going to familiar places at unfamiliar times. Sheila walked her usual route to meet Adam at the fountain, but the afternoon sky made everything feel different. The light and the shadows, which flowers were open and how wide the petals stretched. There were more people about too, but this felt right. She wasn’t on her way to commune with the dirt at Savina’s or to meditate or discuss introspective topics with Adam. They were going to a soccer game.
She found him sitting on a bench and they started out toward the school. She was excited, but it struck her that this was a new experience for her and held all the intrigue that goes with new things, but for Adam this was a much more significant event. She wasn’t sure if the thought just occurred to her or if she had picked up on some of the tension he was dealing with.
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah. I mean, I’m kind of worked up. I don’t know why it never occurred to me to go without Leo. It’s not weird to be going back. It’s more weird that I had ever been away. I think. I guess we’ll see when we get there.”
“Anything I should know, that we haven’t talked about before?”
“Well, always sign if you can. It’s okay to talk if you have to, but try to sign along with your speaking.”
“Okay. I’ll do my best.”
They arrived just as the game was getting ready to start and sat in the bleachers. Sheila looked around and was thrilled to see all the signing. Kids in the crowd, families too, team members, coaches, everyone signing. And it was different from her idea of what it would look like. It was so natural she might not have recognized it as the same language she’d been studying. The ultra-clear, over articulated examples in the vocabulary files, the careful demonstrations in the instructional videos, these gave her almost a sense of formality, or maybe of more rigid definition of what delivery looked like. Even the field recordings didn’t prepare her for the easy, simple-looking communications she witnessed in the children’s signing. Simple in some ways, but seemingly loaded with subtleties in others, some of which she was sure she wasn’t beginning to pick up on. She looked at the adults and saw a huge variety of styles. Each person had their own voice, or something like a voice, but coming through in this visual delivery. Or maybe she was seeing different dialects, accents, something larger than individual characteristics. She felt like she was falling in love. She remembered that it was rude to stare, but fought with herself to abide by this restriction. She at least tried not to fixate on any conversation, and attempted to take a wide view and experience the whole event, sometimes loosely scanning the scene. It was wonderful, and made her feel a hunger of sorts.
She even watched the game with some enthusiasm, even though she wasn’t following the finer points. She never had an interest in sports, generally finding herself being repelled by most aspects of them, but here she was finding all kinds of good. A challenging, energetic activity, engaged in by people in a beloved community, providing exercise, sunlight, and a fun event for friends and classmates, even members of the larger community, to attend. It just felt healthy and wonderful and sort of rare. Something to treasure.
She looked over at Adam and he seemed to be in a trance.
“How are you doing?”
“Oh. I don’t know. I’m okay. It’s so weird to be here without Leo. I’m glad we came. I love this place. I’m feeling a million things at once: I don’t think I can get them all into words.”
“That’s okay. If you want to try to say any of it, I’m here, but I’m happy to just sit and watch too.”
They watched until half-time, when the spectators began to move around a bit. Adults stretching their legs, kids roughhousing and socializing. A couple kids caught sight of Adam and ran over.
“Hey! This is Jules and CJ, friends of Leo’s. CJ’s brother was on the team with him.” Adam spoke for Sheila as he signed.
He introduced Sheila to his friends, and she got to sign “nice to meet you” and an apology for being a beginner at ASL, which they responded to with warm reassurances.
The guys chatted some more, Jules scolding Adam for not attending games for the past year, and generally catching up.
“Come sit with us for the second half!” Jules and CJ badgered.
Adam checked with Sheila, who was enthusiastic, so they joined the crowd on the next set of bleachers. She received lots of introductions and Adam had more hearty reunions until the second half started. They watched the rest of the game, cheering the home team on along with the crowd around them, and caught up a little more before taking off.
“Don’t stay away like that! Come to the games!” one of Adam’s old friends insisted.
“Okay!” Adam got a round of hugs, and they said their goodbyes.
“Do you want to do that again?” he asked.
“Yeah, that was a blast. I’d love to go to another game.”
“Great. I’ll check the schedule and let you know when the next home games are going to be.”
“I’m psyched. That was so great, sitting with your friends, seeing all that ASL in action. I was picking some of it up, and even when I wasn’t, there was just something so great about being in the middle of it. I’ve loved what I’ve been learning so far, and really appreciate all your help, but there was something about seeing signs happening at real speed, not cut into baby pieces for me, happening in real life, it was just a thrill. Definitely makes me want to keep learning and keep going.”
She caught herself being wrapped up in this experience. As breathtaking as it was, she realized Adam had a lot going on. It was showing in his face too, in that far-off look.
“But what was it like for you?”
“I don’t know. It’s still soaking into me. It was good. That was my home, in a way, for a long time. I mean, it was my brother’s school, but that crowd, that culture, those people, they were the thing that made me happy to be in the world. Or that little corner of it anyway. And I guess I always felt like Leo was my connection to it. So when he graduated, it didn’t even occur to me that I could go. And probably a little bit that I just couldn’t imagine going alone. Not that there’d be anything wrong with that, in and of itself, but it would just be like there was a flashing neon sign in my head telling me ‘You’re here without Leo, Leo’s not here. Why are you here?’
“So I’m both kind of shaken at the loss from a year ago, and blown away to be here again, seeing everyone, feeling like a part of things a little bit. Thank you for coming with me. I don’t know that I would have broken past that unstated feeling that I couldn’t go alone. But after we did your museum adventure, I couldn’t stop thinking about coming back here.”
“I’m really glad we did it, that you got to come back, and I’m excited to keep coming. I mean, if you want me to keep coming.”
“Oh yeah. I mean, at this point I think I’m realizing it would be okay to go by myself, but I’d like you to keep coming with me if you want to.”
“Absolutely. Send me those home game dates.”
12
Sheila had been the one who wanted a semi-open meeting. The general consensus was that she should be the speaker. It kind of felt like it would defeat the purpose, since the idea of Adam coming to a meeting with her translated, at least in her mind, to the two of them sitting together and experiencing the meeting together. But it did make sense. Someone had to do the talk, and it was to a less private audience than what they’d usually have, so she took it on.
She looked over the points and found that most of the heart of the emotional side of the program had been covered fairly recently. She looked at the later points and started thinking about doing an inventory, with the idea that she might find something worth talking about in there.
What was in her life? What did she want in her life? Who is the person she wants to be? Is that who she is? What has changed? Are there more changes she’d like to see?
There was no question that she felt better about being alive, all around, with the help of what she’d learned through the program. Not just learned, but experienced. She felt happy with the details of her existence, she felt like she belonged in this world, or at least that there were parts of the world, aspects of the world, that were a home to her. She had things in her life she enjoyed: friendships, learning a language and finding a new culture, her gardening adventure; her time was not filled with emptiness and despair as it had been as a child. These things alone felt like a miracle when she tried to look at them from the mind of the child she once was.
But what else? She had been cooking for herself for a while now, and besides the emotional benefits of this, at least in her situation, she was choosing foods that made her feel better, healthier. She ate things that didn’t weigh her down, she avoided processed foods, she was happy with her diet. She had started to think about her education and had made some progress with that, and while she did sort of float through school, she was almost always ahead academically because of all her reading, so she put this in the category of “moderately satisfactory”. She felt that a little more direction on her part, and applying herself to whatever that direction might point to, would be better, but she wasn’t currently inspired about school, so she decided not to try to force this.
But there was something uneasy about certain aspects of this whole process. An inventory. Certain things marked as progress, others as needing work, as though everything translated into either an accomplishment or something dissatisfactory in her mind. It was truly in her mind, because all the program said was to do an inventory, but she felt these vague value judgments starting to color the content of her review.
So she cooks for herself. She makes healthy eating choices. Is this something to feel accomplished about? Does pride make sense here? It was odd, because given that she chose to put her energy and focus and resources toward this improvement, she did feel good about it, but it was impossible not to think of Jesse. She remembered the moment when she realized he wasn’t getting enough to eat, and then when she learned of his situation at home where so many things were so bad, that not only was there no opportunity to get enough food, let alone healthy food, but this wasn’t even close to the biggest problem.
She wasn’t sure what she could do, as she considered that there were certainly lots more people in this situation, or similar ones. But she was clear on one thing. She didn’t want to forget this reality when she framed her thoughts about her own progress. To some degree, her progress was a product of her own good fortune, and there were people without that luxury. It was weird to think of life in terms of words like “luxury”, but relatively speaking, it was the only way to see it.
She thought about how she would present this idea. She knew she didn’t want to shove any new responsibilities at anyone. She wanted to talk about perspective, and remembering, or even just being aware of some of what’s around us, and she did want to talk a little about actually doing something about it, but she wanted to leave lots of room for what that something might be in any particular person’s life and situation at any given time.
She also didn’t want to violate Jesse’s privacy, but she did want to talk, at least in the abstract, of becoming aware of the hardship of people around her. And of those not around her. These were all important things to think about. But she wanted to start with thoughts of people she would see in her life. She wanted to talk about how we can make an effort to consider what’s around us, to pay attention so that if someone is in a dire situation, we don’t look right past them and go on with our regular routine. She didn’t want to pry into anyone’s life, she didn’t want to push into areas that people wanted to keep private, but she wanted to adopt a type of attention that would at least allow her to notice signs of pain and want in the people she crossed paths with. She didn’t want to intrude, but she didn’t want to miss any cries for help either.
She thought about the people she wouldn’t notice, and how we could make life a little easier for them. She thought about the diner, and how much she loved that time, but really, if it hadn’t been for The Odwals and Dooley, she wouldn’t have had the spending money to join in. How many people would like to go but can’t afford it? Could we think about doing something more accessible? Maybe a hike, like a walking social time after the meeting, in the park? Or maybe on a weekend afternoon when it would be light out? She could make sandwiches for anyone who wanted them, which would be pretty cheap if she made her own bread, and used jam she and Savina had preserved: the main cost would be the peanut butter, and she knew a place that had natural stuff really cheap.
She wasn’t sure anyone would want to give up the diner, including herself. But maybe everyone could pitch in and either invite the speaker to come as a guest, or maybe a new member, or just someone who hadn’t joined them before. There were all kinds of problems with this, she knew, mainly issues of being sensitive and of respecting people’s privacy and dignity, and she didn’t want to be aggressive and start throwing more proposals out there, especially so soon after getting the go ahead to do this meeting, but she wanted to at least explore her thoughts and share as she went along.
Finally, she wanted to expand these thoughts about caring, far beyond her social circle and general program circle. She wanted to avoid being contentious, but she didn’t want to stifle important thoughts out of fear either. She at least wanted to make some comments about how she believes that these types of attention and caring must affect our politics and she somehow wanted to do this without being divisive. We may be able to individually help our friends, or as a group, help our little community. We cannot reach everyone though. We can only do that as a society. At very least, she felt that we must think about what sort of policy works toward providing necessary support to everyone, and let those thoughts direct our political choices in addition to our individual actions.
She’d have to think about how much of that last part she could say, and how to talk about these sorts of things in a way that would be least likely to turn people off and shut down their minds. She thought about this as she did chores, as she walked, as she lay on her bed. As with many things, answers didn’t come until she released her grip on her objective and let the thoughts drift through her mind. She could only talk about herself. She could talk about the person she wants to be and the world she wants to live in. She can talk about ideas for helping to build that world. If anyone wants to join her, that will be their choice.
It was a good first round of brainstorming. She spent some time away from these thoughts before working up some details and attempting an outline.
*****
As she wrestled with what she wanted to say and how best to say it, thoughts of people secretly hungry pulled her into a sad, helpless feeling. And world hunger. Her mind drove her into imaginings of being part of a sea of people who regularly went without enough to eat. She felt she was drowning, overtaken by a sense of powerlessness and despair.
She had to step back. She could not solve these problems. Not on her own, and not today, maybe not ever. That tight focus on a tragic, possibly unsolvable problem threatened to swallow her and she knew she had to leave it for now. It felt heartless to leave it, but it was rendering her useless anyway. Her distress was helping no one.
So she took a few deep breaths and tried to release herself from these thoughts, and to center herself in her own being, to remind herself that there is value in that centeredness.
She wondered if there might be a more approachable aspect of what could be possible to do for others. To address some other need, just in her small community.
She remembered Jesse’s description of having always been completely occupied with surviving his situation at home, leaving him with no sense of what kinds of things he might like, what he might find interesting or compelling enough to want to try to involve himself in. A lack of awareness of who he was in some way, as well as what the world might have to offer in terms of things to even try. Finding his mind blank and heart empty at any attempt to think about these things.
Surely this is something we can help each other with. A community of people, their family and friends, must be a source of lots of interests. What’s out there? What do people like to do? Could we share these things with each other? Could we invite people to share these things?
Her ideas began to flow almost too fast to keep track of. She would race to get them into her notes until her hands would lag too far behind her thoughts and she was in danger of forgetting an important piece. Then she’d shift gears and throw down some notes on the points she would get to next, and resume her previous train of thought. She wrote and wrote, read and reorganized, and was finally satisfied. Her talk was ready. Approximately. She knew she’d make adjustments in the delivery, but she had a solid scaffolding to work from now.
*****
The first Thursday night meeting. Semi-open. The room was packed. It looked like about 75 percent of regular members attending, with more than half bringing guests. This had been a great idea. She had worried a little about not choosing a more intimate topic, so guests could see what goes on in our emotional landscape as we delve into the more developmental pieces of the program. But when she saw the huge crowd and the proportion of unfamiliar faces, she was glad to have a topic slightly removed from her most personal processes.
She thanked everyone for coming, and then gave a group of qualifiers, explaining that she did a lot of exploring as she prepared her talk, and that it should be taken as such. Her own explorations, some ideas to throw out there, but nothing that anyone is obligated to get involved with or even agree with.
She talked about her attempt to work on an inventory. She talked about how this prompted a shift in perspective, and further, into the “giving back” point. She talked about expanding her focus beyond herself, when and if it might be welcome, when it might be helpful. She talked about wanting to pay attention, wanting to avoid missing signs of pain or need around her. She talked about food insecurity and hunger, and her ideas about how to be more inclusive in the way we handle activities that are loosely connected to the meetings. She talked about becoming overwhelmed as she considered details of this, and as she attempted to further expand her focus to world-wide concerns.
She talked about how she, and probably many others in the program, likely grew up with a somewhat limited experience of the world around them, and with limited ability to fully respond, even emotionally, to the exposure they did receive. How much of a hindrance might this kind of environment be to coming to know who we are, what we like, what kinds of things we might be interested in, things we might find engaging, might want to try, want to do, want to think about or learn about? In some ways it’s as though we’re like newborns, needing exposure, needing introductions to lots of ideas, lots of options, possibilities.
“But we’re a robust community. Look at all of us here. We’ve packed a room with ourselves and our friends. What if we looked to ourselves as a resource, to help each other gain awareness? How many of us have something in our lives that we love? An activity or a subject or something that we like to do or think about, that we wouldn’t mind talking about for a few minutes? Giving a little introduction to a group, talking about what’s involved and what you love about it, and maybe how you found out about it or got into it? If there were enough of us, maybe we could present a rich assortment of ideas, of possibilities, that a person could think about exploring for themselves.
“Ah. I promised myself I wouldn’t hit you guys with more proposals so soon after asking for everyone’s consideration to make this meeting happen. But I at least want to throw the idea out there. If anyone thinks it’s an interesting idea or if you have a thing you’d like to share, maybe give me a call or drop me a line? I’d just like to see if there’s any interest, see if I should ask the meeting organizers about something like this.
“Thanks everyone, for coming, for being willing to try out this environment and make this meeting happen. I was very grateful to be able to welcome my friend into this part of my life.”
Sheila got up and gathered her notes as members and guests began to approach her table. She received the usual thanks for her talk, but also lots of people asking for her contact information. Some of them had interests they wanted to share at the event Sheila had described. Some of them, for the first time, recognized the lacking within themselves of some special thing they liked to do, as well as any awareness of what was out there or how to find out, or even what they might like, and were excited at the idea of a chance to see some possibilities. She was hit with an onslaught of excited revelations, ideas, and gratitude. She was dizzy with awe, but thanked everyone, gave out her contact information, and made comments of encouragement and support to her prospective volunteers and seekers.
As the last few people in line had their turn, Sheila saw that her diner crowd was waiting for her, leaning against a table, arms crossed, giving her a look.
“So, Miss Self-Actualization, are we going to the diner, or will we be using this time to volunteer at a soup kitchen?”
“Tim. Thanks. It’s good to know your sense of humor remains a consistent beacon of light in this dark world.”
“Seriously though, you’re okay with this?”
“I don’t want to turn everything upside-down. I want to think about things, talk about things, and if there are ways we can improve, ways I can improve, I want to give that some attention and yeah maybe make some adjustments. But not at this moment. And I don’t want to throw away the diner. I love the diner.”
“Okay. It sounded like there might not be room for this kind of indulgence in this new vantage point of yours.”
“I’m thinking there has to be some room between ‘never doing anything that makes us happy’ and ‘ignoring problems around us’. I’m hoping we can explore that and see if there are any options. It doesn’t have to be today.”
“Yeah, today would be premature. Didn’t you say something about treating the speaker?”
Sheila balled up a sheet of her notes and lobbed it at him. “So help me-”
Dana tried to intervene. “Kids.”
“I’ve got my pie covered, but thanks. I appreciate your generosity and concern.” She balled up another page of notes.
“Sorry Sheila. I will not stand in the way of you purchasing your own pie.”
“Thanks, because actually I want to keep these.” She started smoothing out her note page. Tim picked up the sheet she’d thrown at him and joined her in the effort, but slowly began to use exaggerated motions, attempting to straighten the creases with great intensity and his favorite deranged facial expressions.
“Ok give me that.”
Tim gave up the paper but continued with the deranged expression.
“Hopefully that’ll fade by the time we get to the diner,” Jackie said.
“Keep doing that, Tim, and your face will stick like that,” Kelly warned.
Tim stayed in character, and began mumbling to himself.
Once everyone got settled in at their table, Tim had finished with his performance. After a stretch of quiet, he said, “You’re right though. It’s a good thing to think about: what we should do, what we can do, and then maybe even doing something about it. It’s a bad situation where some people never get to do this. We didn’t create the situation, and I doubt we can fix it, but we can think about how we participate in it, and we can at least try to nudge it a little in a positive direction, contribute a little to making a difference for someone here and there. I think that would be worth something.
“The trouble is that once you start thinking about it, you start to feel troubled over any little pleasures you allow yourself, especially if they cost money or involve other issues of access. And you can wind up in a place where you have nothing but stress and despondency. That can’t be helping anyone. So how far to go? How much to put into larger circles, and how much to keep for ourselves? I mean, I guess that’s a pretty individual thing, but I can imagine getting into a pretty tangled headspace about it. Maybe that’s why some religions just set it for you: give away 10%, then you do your bit and you’re not spending all your energy fretting about it. Well, that’s probably not quite why they do it, but that could be a benefit.
“So yeah, I mean, I guess I’m interested in something like where we’d pitch in and offer to treat someone to a diner trip each week. But then, are we creating a bad situation for someone who might just barely be able to afford to come themselves, and now there’s this feeling of expectation, even if we try to avoid it, that everyone pitches in?”
Kelly said, “Maybe it’s not something we even approach anyone about if they just come once, or even once in a while. Maybe this just makes sense for people who come every week, or nearly every week. Because then you could say ‘If I can afford to eat out ten times in a row, maybe it doesn’t hurt me so much to just do nine and give one to someone else.’”
“Oh yeah, that’s good,” Sheila said. “Regulars. And if anyone else wants to contribute, that’s awesome, but we could just have a thing we do, we can be the diner fairy or something.”
Dana said, “Maybe just check in before the meeting starts and see who all’s going, make sure we’ve got enough of us to carry someone, and then make the invite.” 
Kelly asked, “Do we want to think ahead about who we’d like to ask? Or does that get too complicated?”
“I think that could make things more awkward for recipients, if there was a lot of regular discussion going on.” Sheila continued, “Maybe we just take turns choosing who to invite. I mean, there will probably be obvious choices, if someone is clearly struggling, and if one of us notices and is pretty sure the ‘inviter’ for the week missed it, a discreet heads up could be helpful. Or if at some point someone realizes that there’s a member who could really use it, we can always call to make suggestions, like kind of have some people in mind we’d like to get to.”
“Yeah,” Tim said. “That sounds good. And if there’s no pressing need, maybe the default can be the speaker, unless-”
“Unless they give a crappy talk?”
“Dana. You taking those snark pills again?”
“Oh yeah, sorry. Think I grabbed the wrong bottle when I reached for my vitamins this morning. Do go on.”
“I was going to say unless we’re pretty sure they’re doing fine and really don’t need it.”
“I think that having a default at all could create problems,” Sheila said. “Like by creating an expectation, that could make for a painful letdown when it doesn’t happen.”
“Ok,” Tim agreed. “We rotate choices, see how that goes.”
“I’m in,” Jackie said.
A “me too” from Kelly, Dana and Lucas, and the plans were set.
“I still might see if anyone wants to do a hike type thing, maybe on a weekend. Something that wouldn’t have a cost to it at all, in case anyone wants more program-adjacent social time,” Sheila added. “I’ve still got to run that interest showcase idea past the organizers, guess I’ll add it to my list!”
“Should we talk to them about this too?” Lucas asked. “I mean where we’re going to make it a regular thing where we pitch in and invite someone each week?”
“I guess it’s a good idea, since we’re inviting people from the meetings. Yeah I’ll mention it to Joyce or Trudy or whoever I end up talking to about this other stuff.”
“Nice,” Dana said. “Thanks for doing all this, Sheila. For even thinking of it. It’s a really good idea.”
The others agreed. And then turned their attention to particularly good-tasting plates of pie.
*****
Calls came in almost every day, from people asking about sharing at the interest sampler event. Some were psyched and enthusiastically asked for a slot, others were excited but unsure, and sought Sheila’s opinion on whether their passions would be interesting enough to include. She kept a file with names and contact information and details of what each person wanted to present. She still had to clear this with the organizers, but she felt that it could work. It looked like there would be plenty of content anyway.
One Saturday she had finished a study session and needed a break. Calculus seemed to deplete a certain type of mental stamina for her, and required working in blocks of time broken up by sessions where she would clear her head. Sometimes she’d exercise, sometimes she’d do some chores, but today she felt like sitting on the porch like she used to, and just take in the street.
She had been there for a few minutes and her mind was starting to come to, when a car pulled up and someone emerged from behind the driver’s seat.
“Aaron!”
Sheila ran down the steps and threw her arms around her brother as he made his way toward the house.
“Hey sis! How’s it going?”
“Great! I can’t believe you’re here! How are you?”
“I’m good. I’ve got news. Let’s sit down on the steps.”
Sheila sat back down, and Aaron joined her.
“It’s about our sister, actually. She got married.”
“Julie got married? That’s fantastic. I didn’t even know she was seeing anyone. I mean, we haven’t been in touch, but wow, yeah, that’s great.”
“I haven’t met him yet, but she sounds really happy. Hey you look great. What’s going on with you?”
Sheila told him about learning ASL, going to the game at the Deaf school, learning how to garden with Savina and the job at Devon’s. She didn’t get into the whole story about the program, but she told him she was organizing an event where kids could present their interests, or go and maybe find a new passion.
“My god. It’s like you’ve gone through a complete metamorphosis. You’re so confident and engaged, and you’re doing such interesting things. I wouldn’t have recognized you. How did this all happen?”
She told him about Dooley and their walks, meeting Adam and meditating at the fountain, “meeting some new friends and their weekly diner nights” - her instinct told her to keep the program private for now at least. But she talked about how their walks took them to so many places, nooks and crannies of their neighborhood and surrounding areas, and how that led to all these connections. He updated her on his life too, telling her about school and work. She never followed all the details: he was always deep into some sort of technical world that had too much scaffolding to get a precise sense of things, but he was excited about it, excited when he talked about it, and she was happy to listen to his stories.
“I’ve got to grab some of my stuff from the basement.”
He ran into the house and she sat on the step, still a little dazed from the shock of his arrival, the news about her sister, and seeing the impression she had made on him. He came back out with a few boxes and loaded them into his car.
“I didn’t get everything when I left home. Didn’t have a lot of time to think about what all I wanted to take.”
“Did you talk to Mom? Are you going to tell her about Julie?”
“No. And no.”
Sheila couldn’t fault him. He and Julie had escaped. She did too, in her own way, just without physically leaving. She gave her brother a big hug.
“Call me if you need anything, okay kid?”
“Sure thing. Fantastic seeing you.”
“You too Sheila.”
She waved as he drove away, and she sat there, not fully processing everything. Not yet. She would, but for now she needed to just let it sit and slowly soak in, in the background. She felt the need to busy her mind, and the calculus set waiting for her was just the thing. She dove into it with a vigor she hadn’t brought to the subject before. She found the problems oddly invigorating. At a first glance, they looked impossible, but as she went back over her reading in the book and continued to practice, her skills and familiarity with the material grew, and soon she was savoring her own competence. Some of it even had a sort of beauty to it. She wasn’t sure how the other kids were doing it, without a book like Savina’s. The material from the class felt like more of an attempt at witty commentary on tricky perspectives of the subject, without providing any foundation for those things. When she combined all her resources, she felt that she could see the material in several ways at once, that gave her a surreal sort of satisfaction.
*****
Sheila arrived early for the game and scanned the bleachers. Adam wasn’t there yet, but she saw his friends, and they waved her over. She found them all to be much better at remembering her name and details about her than she was with theirs. But they were patient with her, reviewed their introductions, and began sharing with her an assortment of facts about their school, their lives, and their friends.
Adam arrived and joined them, occasionally adding a little extra explanation to clarify some detail to Sheila, but they communicated almost entirely voice-off. Suddenly there was excitement in the air in their little group, with shouting and excited signing she couldn’t follow. Sheila turned to see what the commotion was about just in time to see Leo partly tackle Adam and then envelop him in a bear hug, gleefully laughing.
Several of their old friends pulled Adam and Leo into a spirited conversation, and Sheila settled back in with a couple of the kids, Milo and Finn, who had been chatting with her before Leo arrived. Sheila made a face, expressing awe at the effect of Leo’s arrival.
“Do you know him?” Finn asked.
“I met him once, briefly.”
“Everyone loves Leo.”
“I can see that!”
“And Adam.”
“Yeah, it’s really great.”
“He’s a special brother, you know.”
“Adam?”
Finn started signing but Sheila was lost. He was too fast, and she couldn’t distinguish one sign from the next. Milo saw what was happening and signed to Finn that Sheila was just learning, you have to sign slower and more clearly for her. Finn started again but his signing was still indecipherable. Milo laughed and explained that Finn doesn’t have a lot of experience talking to people who didn’t grow up signing. He looked at Finn and signed “let me?” Finn made a grumbly face but consented, watching to see how Milo was going to make his message comprehensible.
Milo went on to explain Leo and Adam’s history. “When Leo was young, the hearing kids in the neighborhood were pretty cruel. They would make fun of him and play tricks on him. He and Adam had a language secret from the other kids: a combination of home signs from when they were really little and ASL Leo picked up once he started school. Their parents forbade signing, so the boys had gotten really good at communicating without it being noticed.
“Adam would catch the boys planning their tricks and relay crucial information to Leo, allowing him to avoid falling prey to their traps, so that he not only wasn’t taken advantage of, but a few times he was able to show the kids up, making them wonder if he had some sort of super powers. A few experiences like this and they backed off, accepting that for reasons they didn’t understand, they couldn’t mess with Leo. Leo told these stories to his friends at the Deaf school and Adam is just very special to us because of that. Many hearing people are unkind to deaf people, but Adam is a friend of the Deaf community.”
Sheila marveled at this story, and Milo continued.
“It’s a very strong bond, because Leo is the older brother, so Adam idolized him growing up. He always wanted to be with him, he had the kind of love little boys have for their big brothers. And Leo never forgot how much Adam helped him with the neighborhood bullies, so they just have a really strong bond between them.”
Sheila missed a few details, but got the gist of it. She thanked Milo for telling her, and said what a wonderful story it was, and how happy she was to learn of it.
Leo and Adam and their friends rejoined Sheila, Milo and Finn.
“Sheila, right?” Leo signed.
“Yeah, good to see you again!”
“What were you guys talking about?”
“You and Adam.”
“What did he tell you?”
“I don’t know. ASL goes over my head.”
Leo’s laughter seemed genuine. Sheila was happy to find that she could deadpan in ASL. She did her best to summarize the stories she’d just heard, and Milo said she did well. 
“Yeah, my little brother took care of me,” Leo signed and then put his arm around Adam and squeezed a little too hard.
“I was so glad to be with you,” Adam signed, “and that I got to be useful just made me ridiculously happy.”
Leo messed up Adam’s hair in a rough gesture of affection, and then they all turned to the field as the game began.
At half time, Leo turned to Sheila. “I didn’t know you knew ASL.”
“I’m learning.”
“You’re learning fast!”
“Thanks!”
He asked her where she lived and how she met Adam, and the usual early standard questions.
“Do you like to watch sports?”
“I thought I didn’t. But I like Deaf sports.”
Everyone laughed and sort of cheered at this.
“What else do you like?”
She told him about gardening: learning with Savina and her project at Devon’s. He told her about college: everything taught in ASL, getting to learn advanced subjects, really smart kids in the classes. He seemed to be describing a paradise. They chatted until the second half started, and a little more when the game ended.
“Will you keep coming to games?”
“Yeah. I really like coming here.”
“Ok, see you later!”
He gave Adam a look of approval. Adam saw Sheila catch this and he winced a little, but couldn’t hide the satisfaction he got from a nod from his big brother.
13
Sheila sat at the front table in the meeting room to make her announcements before the main speaker.
“I want to thank everyone who came to the semi-open meeting on Thursday. It went great, so I’ve talked to the organizers and they’ve cleared us to use the church on the fourth Thursday next month too. It won’t be a program meeting though. We’re going to have a night of little presentations by anyone who wants to participate. If you want to contribute, you just do a little talk about something you’re interested in. Something you like doing, or that you’re learning, something that excites you. Tell us about it, what you like about it, depending on what it is maybe you can do a little demonstration, and then let us know how you got into it and how we can learn more about it. It looks like each presenter will get about five to ten minutes. If you want a slot, let me know and I’ll give you a time once I’ve got a list of everyone who’s doing it. I’ll keep taking entry requests for another week.”
Then she turned the meeting over to the speaker.
“Hi, I’m Nina.”
“Hi Nina!”
“I’ve been thinking a lot lately about how we learn these life-sustaining values here, and then go out into the world and interact with people who don’t share them. I don’t have any great solutions to this, but I think I need to talk about it, just as a way to have some stability as I try to hold my ground, even if that means certain losses, or things that feel like losses anyway.
“So I have a lot of trauma in my background and in my life. Sometimes I’ll have an experience out in the world that will trigger me in a way that leaves me in a state that’s hard to describe. It’s an excruciating horror, an incapacitating feeling of violation that just continues to resonate through me for an indefinite amount of time. And it never fully goes away. At some point it starts to shift into the background, becomes less consistently intense, but it doesn’t fully release me.
“So sometimes it happens that my boyfriend and I make plans to do something, and maybe a few hours before, something bad will happen and I’ll end up in this state. He’ll come over to hang out before the thing we planned to do, and I’m in no state to do that thing or anything else. I need care and support and relentless reminders that he’s there for me, that he loves me no matter what, and that we’ll get through this awful thing I’m experiencing, that he wants to be there with me and that that’s the only thing that matters. That’s all I’m capable of at those times: putting everything I have in trying to survive the experience, and eventually trying to begin to recover from it, to the degree that I recover from things.
“And that’s really different from what he wants and expects. He’s gotten angry with me for ‘ruining our plans’. He feels like he’s getting a bad deal when this happens. This breaks my heart and it makes me really angry. And it’s hard to explain from my position, because I’m so vulnerable and I’m in such a place of need. So I’m going to shift gears and talk about my last relationship.
“Aiden was sweet. I loved him a lot. And we had a lot of this trauma experience in common. Sometimes this kind of thing would happen to him, where he needed that unrelenting support, and there was nothing in the world I wanted more than to be there with him and for him. Like, if you love someone, they should be the most important thing in the world to you. Vastly more important than any sort of event or activities you were going to go do. I mean, that kind of stuff wouldn’t even show up on my radar, it’d be so tiny in comparison as far as importance goes.
“And it’s not just because I care about him and want to do the right thing or something like that. It’s also because it’s one of the best things in life. To be with someone you love, when they’re in such excruciating pain that they almost can’t bear their own existence, and to keep letting them know that you’re there, that you’re solidly there, that you’ll get through this together, and to go into that place with them and stay as long as they need, that’s a connection that I think most people never get to have. It’s so powerful and it just shimmers with the most profound depths of love. 
“And it’s not like you can ever just choose to go be in this place and have this experience. It doesn’t happen without great pain. To be clear, I would never wish this kind of pain on anyone, especially someone I really care about. But when it happens, it’s this rare opportunity to feel that amazing connection that you feel when you successfully communicate to someone in crisis that you’re truly there for them. It’s not easy, because some of these painful places include a lot of built-in defense against trusting anyone, against believing anything good can be real, so there can be a huge amount of resistance. If you get there, it’s this rare and precious thing, and it just shines so brightly, it feeds you in a way. It’s just so beautiful I’m getting shaky just thinking about it.
“I can’t imagine not wanting to do this, not seeing this kind of thing as the most important, most valuable thing in the world. And then, I’m sitting there, when I’m in crisis, and my boyfriend’s giving me crap about the fact that we’re going to miss a movie. A movie. Something with practically zero value compared to what I’m talking about. I know he was looking forward to it, and I was too, but my god, look at what’s happening now, right in front of you. When he can’t or won’t do that, it’s like I’m being thrown away. The most delicate parts of me, the most urgent parts of me, are being treated like garbage, and met with anger at some inconvenience he sees them as creating.
“It makes me so sad and so angry, it’s hard to think at all. I’m sorry. Let me gather my thoughts for a second.
“So I guess, I end up imagining extreme examples. Like, what if I’d been hit by a car? There’d be no question, right? I’d be taken to a hospital and I would be tended to, this would be a priority. Or what if one of my parents died? I’d be fully expected to be in a largely non-functional state, overtaken by grief, and no one would whine at me for not being able to go see a movie. So I think the thing is, those things are just very clearly valid to everyone. They know that those sorts of things leave a person in a state where their well-being has to be the first priority. 
“So this is the problem. He’s doesn’t acknowledge the validity of what happens to me. He doesn’t understand the intensity of it, he doesn’t get what’s happening to me and doesn’t realize how serious it is. Or he doesn’t want to? He doesn’t care? It’s hard to sort through the inside of another person’s mind. And maybe he just doesn’t love me or like me enough, or maybe he’s shallow, it probably doesn’t matter, we’ll probably break up, and I’ll probably be really messed up after that for a while. But that’s not really the thing I want to focus on today.
“It’s just the culture I guess. That it’s likely at all that people wouldn’t automatically see these sorts of things as important and to clearly be given priority. And I don’t even really mean any particular ‘sorts of things’. No standards or categories. Just the notion that if someone says they’re in awful pain, if someone says they can’t do whatever thing, then that’s all you should need. If we tell you we’re hurting more than we can bear, that’s all you should need, it should be obviously valid to you, and you should want to be there for that person. Not just because it makes sense. Not out of some moral obligation, but for yourself as well. Not just for the amazing wonder of what I described earlier, but just in a basic way, who are you? Do you understand what’s happening around you? Are you able to see reality and respond appropriately? I don’t know. I’m sorry. I keep devolving into a rant.
“But I think about how hard we work here to stay connected to the idea that our experiences are valid. And I think about what it means when we take that awareness into our lives. I’m certain that we’re better off. I know it would be a bad situation if I let him pressure me into trying to do things when I’m incapacitated. It’s a good thing to stand up for myself. I mean, I can’t when I’m in that state, but later I can let him know where I stand, and even end the relationship if it comes to that. But it’s just weird. It’s literally our first point. It’s the most basic piece of the foundation we build here, that all our growth and healing rests on. Meeting someone who doesn’t have that most remedial understanding of something so simple and so important, not only that but being vulnerable to their failing in this way, can be devastating and, well, disorienting.
“It’s sometimes a huge job to stay connected to what we know in times of crisis. I know it’s worth the effort, no matter how great, though. It’s just an extra piece I didn’t think about while focusing on the points and my own process: the idea of continuing to butt up against less enlightened stuff out there, in our lives. So now I’m thinking about it. I’m not done, I don’t have answers, but I wanted, I needed to take what I have so far and bring it here, show it to you guys, be with you while I made my way through these thoughts. Thank you.”
Sheila arrived at the diner after everyone else had already settled in at their table.
“Where’s your guest?” Tim asked, half teasing. “You had the first turn inviting someone, right?”
“I was waiting until the line of people thanking her finished, but it turned out she made plans to hang out with a bunch of them after the meeting. Looks like her talk found some resonance and she’s got a crew of admirers now.”
“Oh we are so yesterday.”
“It’s okay Tim, we’ll find someone who wants your ten percent.”
“It’s too bad though. I wouldn’t have minded talking about her theme.”
“We still can.”
“What’s your take on it?”
“I totally agree. I guess I see it as yet another example of people not taking each other seriously, not giving enough importance to how a person is actually doing when you interact with them, when you lay your expectations on them.”
“A particularly painful example of it.”
“Yeah. Of course. When it’s the person who’s supposed to care about you more than anyone.”
“That’s an expectation,” Kelly interjected. “Sorry. I’m just being an jerk.”
“Eat your pie, Kelly.” Jackie shook her head.
“Do you expect me to eat my pie?”
“That jerk button get stuck again?” Tim scrutinized her, as though he was searching for a jammed mechanical device.
Dana thought for a bit and said, “Well I guess it’s an issue of knowing who you’re with and how much on the same page with you they’re on. I mean, you can think you know and it’s really easy to be off. How deep does someone go? How well do they get it? You can’t ask them. People who don’t get it often have no idea that there’s something they don’t get. And no one ever has any idea there’s any deeper to go. Unless you want to make them go through a bunch of scenarios and say what they’d think and how they’d feel and what they’d do, and at that point you’ve just destroyed the relationship anyway by coming off as a control freak.”
“So it’s just hard, then,” Sheila said.
“I’d say so, yeah.”
“Well that kind of sucks.” Sheila looked at Kelly. Everyone looked at Kelly.
“Don’t look at me. I’m eating my pie, per your request.”
*****
Over the next few days, Sheila found herself beginning to process things from the day her brother came home. It was surreal, to learn that Julie got married, because she was her sister, but she hardly knew her. It had been years since she’d seen her at all. And it was great that Aaron was so impressed with her own progress. She knew she was doing a lot better than when she was a kid, but it’s always good to have someone close to you affirm that sort of thing. Not that Aaron was technically close, but again that weird duality: he was her brother.
But the thing that was really taking a while to fully register was her feelings about Aaron not saying hello to their mother, or telling her about Julie’s marriage.
She couldn’t blame him at all. The situation at home wasn’t good. She truly felt it almost killed her. If it hadn’t been for so many lucky events, she couldn’t begin to imagine what might have happened to her. She was fortunate to be able to survive here. Aaron and Julie survived by getting out. So the idea of not wanting to talk to their mother made sense, and she knew she could never remotely blame them for that.
But it stopped her, because she noticed that she felt pain, on her mother’s behalf, when she witnessed the omissions. And something inside her cracked open. Suddenly her view of her mother was no longer constrained by the previous binary, that of (1) getting care from her mother or (2) not getting care from her mother. In this moment she was able to transcend these constraints, and perceive another possibility, another value, another option.
The shift was so disorienting to her that she spent some time slowly taking it in and feeling her way around. By Sunday morning, she felt at home in this new place inside herself.
She went downstairs and found her mother sitting at her spot, staring out the window.
“Mom?”
No response.
“Mom,” Sheila said gently, touching her mother’s hand.
Her mother moved her head a little, blinked her eyes a few times as if coming out of a daze, and slowly turned to look at Sheila. Recognition came over her slowly.
“Sheila.”
“Mom, let me make you a cup of tea.”
She stared at her for a minute, her facial expression morphing from one of disorientation to one that looked like she was considering the question. She looked into Sheila’s eyes for a moment and then shut her own. When she opened them again, she was clearly in pain, but there was also a faint sweetness.
“Tea. Yes. Thank you.”
Sheila put water up, took two cups from the cupboard, and fixed the tea. She brought the cups and sat down next to her mother again.
“Thank you, Sheila.”
“Of course, mom.”
*****
Sheila arrived at the showcase early but the room was already practically full. Lots of people had something to share or wanted to see what was out there. She got out a list of presenters and asked that each participant check themselves off, so she could see who was here, and they could get an idea of when they’d be up. A little space needed to be cleared for some of the demonstrations, so she tended to that and gave out some last minute reassurances. This all helped keep her mind off of her own nervousness. But it was getting to be time, so she got everyone’s attention and sat down at the front table.
“Hey everyone, thanks so much for coming! We’ve got a program of mini-talks on things we’re into, and some little demos. Hopefully you’ll find something you want to check out. I’m hoping people will talk to the presenters after the program, introduce themselves and ask about learning more if they’re interested.”
She saw Adam come into the doorway.
“Oh good, my mentor and helper has arrived. Come sit here with me, Adam?”
Adam took a seat at the front table, waved at the room.
“So Adam has been helping me learn American Sign Language: ASL. This is going to be the topic of my presentation, but my signing is still at a beginner level and I didn’t want to use it to demonstrate the language. Also, I thought it would be cool if you could see someone interpreting. So I’m going to do the talk, and Adam is going to interpret my presentation into ASL.”
At that, Adam began to sign along, at a slight time-lag for processing and transforming English grammar into ASL, into the visual language. Sheila talked about always wanting to learn, and then one day seeing Adam signing with his brother, and since then studying and practicing with his guidance. She talked a little about the grammar, about going to the soccer game at the Deaf school, the community of Deaf kids there, and about the history of repression that the Deaf community has lived through. She explained how learning to sign has given her new ways of thinking about language, given her access to a community she didn’t know existed, and some understanding of the complex background that sits behind Deaf Culture.
She finished by letting everyone know where they could learn more about ASL, thanked Adam, and introduced the next presentation. Jane was into restoring vintage bikes. She talked a little about the restoration process while she oversaw her helpers as they squeezed through the crowd with a demonstration of her work. She brought a couple bikes she had picked up when a neighbor of hers was cleaning out his father’s garage. They were a matching pair, and she had restored only one of them, so the display was dramatic when she brought the old rusty one up and followed it with the gleaming charm of a 1960’s Sears and Roebuck Spaceliner.
Next were two brothers, Louie and Tom, who discussed and demonstrated some traditional West African polyrhythms. They had taken some workshops from a percussionist from Ghana, and explained that while they were learning these rhythms as teenagers, their teacher had grown up in an area where children are immersed in these sounds and practices from a very early age, so that they have a native command of the skills involved.
“What we’re going to do between the two of us, our teacher could do by himself, using his hands for one set of rhythms and his feet for another. It’s amazing. You start to feel like if you could master this, I mean really get it to where it's second nature to maintain two conflicting rhythms with all the tension they generate, that you could go through time never being bothered by disruption to your efforts. The disruption would be there - it always is - but you'd just integrate it into the patterns of your life.”
The brothers each beat out a rhythm, Tom dividing up a time interval into two sections, while Louie divided it into three, and shifted into three against four, with various places of emphasis, and finished with a more complicated piece they’d been working on.
Wren took the stage next, and read some poetry she had written. Then Jackson talked about his love for astronomy, and gave some advice about what you can see in the night sky this time of year, and where to look. Logan talked about his new passion for baking, experimenting with creating new recipes, and brought a big box of his own apple-raisin-carrot-ginger-walnut mini-muffins for everyone to try. Lucas did his presentation on building computers and setting them up with various Linux distributions. He talked about open source software, the opportunity to see what’s going on under the hood and customize your system.
Paige talked about practicing yoga, demonstrated a sun salutation, and let everyone know about free classes at the library.
The last presentation was by Emma and Lilly, who talked about Appalachian music. Melodies that had been brought to the US by early settlers from England, Ireland, and Scotland, but whose rhythms became syncopated when they came in contact with African influences here (giving a nod to Louie and Tom). As a demonstration, Emma got out a fiddle and Lily grabbed her banjo and they played an old tune. The fiddle carried the melody and the banjo provided a chord structure while they played off subtleties of each other’s rhythms.
In the audience, Jesse had the sensation of falling into the music, getting lost in the sweet wailing of the fiddle and the funky syncopations of the banjo. Like being carried inside a wheel rolling backwards up a hill in the woods. The feeling of hearing these sounds was so wonderful he had to fight the need to cry. After Emma and Lilly finished the tune, Jesse approached them.
“That was fantastic. I’ve never heard anything like it. How can I learn this? How can I get involved in this music?”
“Thanks!” Emma said, “Would you happen to play guitar?”
“I used to have one, I didn’t really play though. I knew a few chords.”
“That could actually be perfect.” Lilly was putting her banjo away as she explained. “The guitar part in oldtime music is really simple. Advanced players sometimes get bored with it, or they just can’t strip out all the extra stuff out of their playing.”
“The other good thing about playing guitar,” Emma added, “is that you can learn the chord progressions pretty easily, and then while you play you’ll be hearing the tunes we’re playing, so they’ll be slowly seeping into your head. Then later if you want to learn to play fiddle or banjo, you’re already used to the music. Kind of puts you a step ahead.”
“Yeah,” Lilly said, picking up where her sister left off. “Fiddle and clawhammer banjo are a little weird to get used to physically. It’s a lot to learn the execution and the tunes at the same time. I’d start with guitar if you can.”
“I’ll see if I can get my hands on my old guitar.”
“If you can’t, we might have one you can use. I’ll ask my dad.”
“Thanks! When can I get together with you guys?”
“We usually play on Saturdays. Are you around?”
“Yeah. I have to help out around the house in the morning. Would afternoon work?”
“I think so.” Emma gave Jesse their contact information.
“Thanks Emma. Thanks Lilly. This is really fantastic. I’ll see you on Saturday.”
All the presenters were getting good responses from the other kids, asking for information about where to find out more, or for any help they could get from the presenters themselves. Between questions about ASL that she and Adam were fielding, Sheila scanned the room and felt a wave of joy.
*****
The kids at the showcase were still trying to make contact and interact when the room had to be cleared for that night’s adult meeting, so the transition was a little hectic and crowded. Sheila didn’t see if the usual crowd was going to the diner, but Adam had been so helpful that she at least wanted to buy him a piece of pie. They filtered out of the building with the rest of the crowd and made their way to the diner. It was crowded there too, so she and Adam just took the first table they could find.
“I can’t believe how well that went. Thank you for doing the interpreting demonstration.”
“It was fun. The whole thing was great. Seeing all the stuff the other kids were into.”
“Yeah. I think a lot of kids found things they’re interested in trying out, so I’m really happy about that. Being engaged in something can be a real game-changer.”
“It is great, although I had a more selfish experience. It was just, I don’t know, a great show I guess. Everyone was so good at what they were doing, or excited about it, and genuine, and, well it was just all such great stuff. I felt sort of enriched after seeing and hearing all of it.”
“Yeah, you’re right. I felt that too. Kind of like the feeling after going to the museum. And I’m not looking to add anything to my life at this point, but just some sort of feeling, that there are all these great things, and if I wanted to I could check them out, maybe throw myself into something. Yeah, it feels good.”
The waitress stopped by their table and said, “Do you two know that your friends are here?” She pointed out a table on the other side of the diner.
“No! Thank you!” Sheila said while pushing back her chair to get up. She and Adam joined the rest of the crew.
“Hey! Didn’t know you guys were here!”
“Yeah Sheila, it’s not like we come here after every meeting or anything.”
“Thank you Tim. Well it wasn’t a regular meeting, so I wasn’t sure. Plus it was so crowded I lost track of people when we wrapped things up.”
“Sure. Now that you’re a big success, you’ve outgrown your old friends.”
“Kelly, could you shove him a little for me?”
“Done.”
“Ow.”
“Really, it was great. Good job on the whole project, Sheila.”
“Thanks! I’m still a little delirious from the whole thing. So, you guys all gonna try something new?”
“It’s weird,” said Kelly. “I know no one did a sewing talk or demonstration, but I walked out of there feeling like I really want to learn to sew. I guess it was just that kind of thing, and its sort of been in the back of my mind for a long time, but not in a way that it really occurred to me to do anything about. But seeing all these kids actually getting involved in their passions was pretty motivating.”
“Same here,” said Zoe, who had been invited by Dana. “I’m not sure what I’m going to try, but I got everyone’s number.”
“That’s covering your bases,” Dana said, laughing. “I think I might try the yoga classes at the library.”
“That sounds good,” said Tim. “I feel like I want to do something like that, but maybe not Yoga. Karate? GiGong? Tai Chi maybe. I’ll have to look around and see what’s out there.”
“I cannot imagine you doing any of those,” Kelly said.
“That would come under the heading of ‘your problem’, my dear.”
“Yep. My bad. You may end up transforming the art. Eastern arts, new, now with snark.”
“I love these apologies that whip around and whack me on the side of the head.”
“Do you? I’ve got more.”
“Again, Kelly, eat your pie.”
*****
Sheila got into the habit of making a cup of tea for her mother when she got home from school. They would mostly sit and look out the window together, but Sheila felt that it did her mother some good to know she was there, even if her connection to that knowledge was sometimes a little vague. Making it and bringing it to her gave Sheila some comfort too. It was a tiny bit of connection that she could offer to her mother and to herself, by extending that little kindness. She had originally just thought that the routine might be good for her mother, but continued to find that she benefited from it as well.
One day, her mother said, “Do you think there’s more out there?”
Sheila was thrilled that her mother initiated a conversation, but was a little thrown by the question itself.
“What do you mean, Mom?”
“I mean, when you look at things, when you see the sky or a leaf or a wall, anything really, do you think that what you’re seeing is accurate and complete, a good representation of reality, or do you think there’s more, that we don’t see somehow?”
Sheila thought for a minute, searching her mind for any ideas that might be pertinent. Coming up with a good answer didn’t seem likely, but she was determined to not let this opportunity pass, to connect with her mother a little.
“Well, I don’t know. When we study physics, it seems that when you go deeply into the nature of matter, the structure and behavior of very small particles, things get very strange, to the point that we don’t really know what things are, or where they are: a lot of the very basic questions seem to go unanswered. At least in a way that we can relate to very well. So I guess if I think about it, I’d have to say that what we see is some sort of an approximation, and to some degree it’s a compromise between what’s out there and what we’re able to perceive.”
“That’s good. That helps. There could be more. It almost sounds like there has to be.”
“What made you ask that, Mom?”
“Oh, I don’t know. Just a feeling I get sometimes. Can you tell me more about the things we don’t understand?”
“Okay, well, when you study electromagnetism, there’s something called a photon. There are experiments that would make you think it’s a particle, and other experiments that would make you think it’s a wave. So in the kinds of terms that we tend to want to understand things, we can’t really understand what this thing is. If we think of it as a particle, we have to accept that there are situations where the particle goes from one location to another, in a single instance, by two different paths. But the wave idea isn’t really satisfying either because of experiments where we find the photons arriving in what seem like discrete little packets. So if something pretty basic to the world we live in is this much of an enigma, we can’t really say what or where it is, so how solid can our understanding of this world be?
“I’ve only tried to read about these things a little, so I may well be conflating ‘things we don’t understand’ and ‘things I don’t understand’, but what I think I’m learning tells us that when you look at very small particles, you don’t ever really know exactly where they are. The best you can do is come up with a function that tells you ‘they could be here, with this probability’ over a spectrum of locations. And I can kind of deal with that, that we can’t nail things down precisely when we’re looking at a very small scale. But then these probabilities, if I understand them correctly, have complex numbers in them. So it’s not even like ‘the probability of it being in this region is .012’. It’s more like ‘the probability is .012 +.003i’ where i is the square root of negative one, or at least the behavior of this construct fits with the results they find. So when you have to talk about complex probabilities, I feel like we’re getting into territory that doesn’t fit at all with the way we generally think of the world around us, it doesn’t fit with the kinds of things most of us can understand, with what we feel that we’re perceiving.
“And here’s another odd little thing that always makes me feel funny when I think about it. If you study chemistry, the whole thing is based on the idea of positive and negative charges. If you look at the behavior of atoms, how they’re structured, how they interact with each other, it’s all based on this idea of charge. Positive and negative. But we can’t actually say what those two words mean. There’s not really anything about ‘positive’ that distinguishes it from ‘negative’: they’re just two things that react with each other (and themselves) in certain ways, but we’re unable to really identify what they are, what makes them what they are. So there are things we’re able to predict and understand in a ‘stand way back and look at the bigger picture’ kind of way, but the foundations of all of it can get really obscure.”
“That’s interesting. I didn’t understand all of it-”
“Me either Mom.”
Her mother laughed. Her laughter had a slightly distant tinge to it, but it was good to hear her laugh. It was the first time since Sheila was little.
14
During one of the last home games of the season, Leo took Sheila aside.
“I don’t know if it was okay to do this or not, but back when you first started coming to the games, Adam showed me the brochure from your group.”
“I’m not sure either. We’re pretty big on privacy and respect of boundaries, but I brought Adam in, kind of, and you and Adam are so close, I feel like it kind of makes sense for you to be in the circle. Or my circle anyway.”
“I wanted to ask you about it because there’s a kid here, he’s the younger brother of one of my old friends, and he’s having a really tough time. I think your program might help him.”
“He’s Deaf?”
“Yes. But I was thinking I could get Adam to interpret the meeting for him.”
“Oh wow, that’s an exciting thought, to have a meeting interpreted! I’ll ask the organizers, but I bet they’ll be into it. I’m sure they’ll like the idea of being more accessible.”
“I want to introduce you to him, so when we bring it up, there’ll be a friendly familiar face he can count on being there.”
“Oh yeah, sure!”
“Plus you sign.”
“A little.”
“You keep getting better.”
“That’s good to hear.”
“Ok. So I’ll ask Adam, and we’ll go find Trevor now so I can introduce you.”
Trevor was off by himself, looking like he didn’t want to be bothered, and Sheila felt apprehensive about invading his space. But when he saw Leo, he lit up.
“Hey Trevor! How’s your brother?”
“Good. He always talks about you.”
“This is my friend Sheila. She’s hearing but she’s learning to sign.”
“Nice to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you.”
Leo chatted with Trevor a little, asking him about school and recounting stories of the old days with his brother.
“Adam’s here too. You wanna come say hello?”
“Yeah!”
And Trevor joined their crowd in the bleachers.
Autumn was threatening to turn to winter, soon the air would be too cold to be outdoors without getting wrapped up in scarves and coats. It was such a good year. Sheila felt a little more sadness than usual at seeing it come to a close. She looked out at the sky and tried to exist fully in the moment before it was gone, to appreciate that she was here, right now.
*****
One weekend she stopped in to see Savina and found Jesse in the sitting room, playing tunes with Emma and Lilly.
“My god, they sound fantastic!”
“They do,” said Savina. “It’s wonderful to have music in the house like this. They’ve been playing every weekend for a while now.”
Sheila stood in the kitchen doorway for a while, just listening, deciding to wait and enjoy the music a bit before making her presence known.
She applauded when they finished the tune.
“You guys are wonderful! What was the name of that?”
“Five miles from town,” answered Lilly.
“This is that Appalachian stuff you did at the showcase?”
“Yep! Jesse’s taking to it pretty well, don’t you think?”
“I’d have thought you’d all been playing together forever.”
“We’re trying to get Jesse to come with us next festival season. Camp out and play with our favorite tuneheads from all over the place.”
“Where are the festivals?”
“Mostly in West Virginia and North Carolina. That’s where our favorites are anyway.”
“Ouch.”
“Yeah, it’s a trek, but so worth it. You gotta do it Jesse.”
“I want to. I have to see if I can work things out so I can go.”
“Thanks again for doing the showcase, it was an amazing contribution to the event,” Sheila said.
“Yeah, thanks for putting it on,” Emma responded. “It was fun to do, and we got heard by people who might have never come across this kind of thing.”
“Definitely,” Sheila said. “I think a lot of people got a whole lot out of it.”
“I know I did!” said Jesse.
“Jesse,” Emma asked, “do you wanna try Chinquapin Hunting again?”
“Oh yeah. That one’s great. I think I have it.”
Emma launched into a driven bowing pattern, started the tune, and Lilly and Jesse fell in. The music was so compelling. An uncanny merging of hot, wild, sweet and haunting. It was so good it was almost painful. Sheila tore herself away, spent a few minutes checking in with Savina and headed out for home.
*****
Everything had been cleared for Adam to interpret the Tuesday night meeting for Trevor. The organizers okay’d it, and there were no objections from anyone at two consecutive meetings, so the plan went forward, and tonight was the night. Sheila gave a brief introduction in case anyone had missed the announcements, explaining that in order to make tonight’s meeting more accessible, that Adam would be interpreting the talk into ASL. He had met with the speaker ahead of time to get a basic sense of what they’d address in their talk, and now took his place in the front of the room. Trevor got a seat with a clear view of Adam, and the speaker took a seat at the front table.
“Hi, I’m Casey.”
“Hi Casey!”
“I want to talk about point four today, and I want to contrast it with what I often find out in the world, being presented as good or right. Point four is about building a nurturing, supportive environment to create a foundation for healing and growth. I think a big part of true support and nurturing involves allowing a person to find their own way, to explore and see what works best for them. It involves giving them enough freedom of movement that they’re able to discover these sorts of things, and then allow them to make the choices that make sense for them.
“But when I look at the larger world we live in, when I look at some of what seems like the most common attitudes there, what is generally accepted as sound advice or direction, I find ideas that mainly strike me as narrow-minded and destructive.
“I’m thinking of a couple types of issues. One is when specific actions are prescribed and no consideration is given as to whether those actions make sense for everyone. As though the common wisdom completely misses the reality that we’re all different.
“The other issue is this infatuation our culture seems to have with the idea of goals. ‘Set your goals and work toward them. Reach one goal and set the next, then work toward that, etc.’ I find this approach so terribly deadening, so destructive of my own creative energy and some of the explorations I need to incorporate into much of my process.
“I guess I’ll explain my process. If there’s something I want to learn, or a skill I’d like to attain or improve, I think about what I imagine the best way would be to attempt these things. Maybe I’ll do some research or contemplation about the way I function, but I’ll come up with some idea for an approach. And then I’ll try to do whatever I’ve laid out for myself. But at every moment of this process, I’m paying attention to how I’m reacting to the attempt. And what I find may cause me to adjust my approach, or shift direction. Maybe I’ll end up doing something slightly different, or very different, or abandoning the idea entirely.
“If I have this idea of a goal hanging over my head, I won’t feel flexible enough to use the most useful resource I have access to: my internal sense of things. I don’t want to make each shift a formal process of re-evaluating my goal. I want the whole process to be more fluid than that. I don’t want goals. I want exploration and to continuously apply myself to material optimized in accordance with my interests and passions.
“I’ve had people ask me ‘what are your goals?’ and I feel as though they’re saying ‘which method will you be using to commit suicide?’ There’s such presumption there, and we live in a culture that can’t even see the presumption because it doesn’t acknowledge that there could be another worthwhile way of going about things. Not just worthwhile, but maybe, at least for some people, far superior.
“So I’m angry. I’m angry that these are the attitudes that surround me when I try to function in the world. I’m angry that people have already decided what they think of any kind of deviation from the prescribed approaches. I feel like every time I go out, they’re waiting to fit me with handcuffs or a straightjacket or something.
“And I’m angry about the specific actions that are often prescribed to us. ‘Study the subjects that will support your career.’ So, making money is supposed to be our underlying goal in our efforts. The idea that there can be value in pursuing a subject or an activity purely because we find it compelling, even if it doesn’t fit into some career-prep scheme, seems to be painfully missing in a lot of what I hear from people. I’ll be happily studying some exciting subject and someone will come along and say ‘Good! You can make a lot of money in blah blah blah related career.’ I want to scream. It’s like ‘Just let me explore. Let me learn. Let me try things. Don’t tell me what to do or how to do things, and don’t devalue my way of being, my way of approaching my life.’
“And here, in this room, you do let me learn and try things. You don’t tell me what to do or how to do it, and you don’t devalue anything about my way of being or living. As tormented as I am by what I experience in the world, I’m infinitely grateful for what I have here. I imagine what it would be like if I didn’t have this foundation, the awareness this program has given me. If I didn’t have the strength to maintain the conviction that I have the right to make these choices for myself, and to defend the boundaries between my life and other people’s opinions. Not just that I have the right, but that it is right. I know that it’s here that I gained the ability to know these things and to fight for them within myself.
“Without that, maybe the world would have overtaken me. Maybe they would have convinced me or bullied me into adopting their methods, which I know leave me uninspired and exhausted and frustrated and angry. I probably wouldn’t have even been able to name those feelings, I would have just gone under, or gone mad, I wouldn’t have a life, I wouldn’t be a person. I’m certain of this. So I want to tell you guys that I love this room, what happens here, what you make possible in the program by being in it and thus causing it to continue, causing it to exist. Thank you. For my life.”
Casey was met with great applause and a steady stream of fellow members, offering thanks and congratulations on the talk. Trevor approached Adam about facilitating a conversation between him and Casey. Adam agreed with a big “of course!” and they got in line.
With Trevor signing, Adam interpreted, “Thank you. I loved what you said. This is my first meeting.”
“Thank you! I’m glad you were able to come.”
“I want to keep coming. If Adam will keep interpreting”
Adam had the awkward but familiar experience of both being the interpreter and becoming part of the conversation himself. “Yes, absolutely!”
“I feel this in my life too,” Trevor explained, “of being told how to manage my life, and their way doesn’t make sense for me. It was very good to hear someone else say these things!”
“Thank you, that’s so helpful to hear. I’m thinking of going to the diner tonight. Are you guys going?”
They were going. But it was a slow process, getting out of the room. Everyone seeing Adam interpret as Casey talked created a surge of interest in learning ASL.
“I’m glad you were here interpreting,” Zoe said, “but it made me want to learn for myself. So, like, if I wanted to say something to Trevor, I could do it myself, directly. Or with any Deaf person.”
Lots of other people echoed this sentiment, so Adam went over available resources for getting started with ASL, signing as he spoke.
“Maybe we can help them too,” added Trevor. “Maybe we could do a session somewhere. Someone said there are rooms in the library?”
“That’s a great idea. I’ll call and ask.”
Everyone exchanged contact information and then the crowd finally began to disperse.
At the diner, Adam told Sheila about his conversation with Trevor. “I may have gotten ahead of myself. I said I would continue interpreting. I didn’t clear that with you; I don’t know if you have to clear that with the group or whoever is involved.”
“I’ll double check, but I’m sure it’ll be fine - I think you can just plan to do it. I’ll confirm with you though.” Sheila turned to Trevor. “I’m so glad you could come!”
“Me too!” Trevor responded. “And it’s great that you sign! Does anyone else here?”
They looked around the table.
“A bunch of people want to learn and have started, but I don’t know of anyone else in the program who’s really signing yet,” Sheila answered. “I’m sorry, I’m not used to this. We’ve got a mixed group here, so I should be talking as I sign or signing as I talk.”
She began doing this. “How do you keep your head straight through all this, Adam?”
“It’s hard,” said Adam. “There’s a lot going on in situations like this, keeping track of what I need to sign that’s being said, what I need to say that’s being signed, and then the parts that I’m contributing to the conversation myself, and for that I need to do both. Sometimes I’ll turn to a Deaf person and start talking or turn to a hearing person and start signing. Some sort of mental overload. It’s a huge plus if you’re very ready to laugh at yourself.”
“I think my brain would explode,” said Tim. “Are you going to do this for a living? Sorry Casey!”
Casey laughed. “Tim, I think I’ll be okay.”
“Yeah, I think so,” said Adam. “My parents are making me pick a different major, so I’ll probably study to be a translator between English and another spoken language, I’m thinking Spanish. But I figure I can do a minor in ASL interpreting, or at least pick up the qualifications to do it professionally.”
“That’s really cool,” said Tim. “Can you teach me to say something simple right now?”
The rest of the evening turned into an informal ASL workshop by Adam and Trevor, with pie.
15
Sheila’s courses became more demanding as the school year went on, and before she knew it Spring had arrived, along with her obligations at Devon’s. She welcomed the work, though, because she had nearly run out of the money she made last fall. She and Savina reviewed her plans, and Jesse helped her with the labor. Their work attracted attention and they received two more requests to do similar projects.
“Are you up for this?” Sheila asked Jesse. “I’ll be handing off a bigger portion of the work to you if we take these on. Your share of the money goes up too though.”
“Absolutely. I like the work, and I could really use the money.”
“If things keep going this way, maybe we should think about making this into, like, a real business. Not that I know what would be involved, just thinking out loud.”
“I’ll do some research.”
They worked through the spring and summer and into the fall, consulting with Savina occasionally, and contracting with the twins when they needed special transport. Jesse asked Kai for help learning to do some of the light carpentry and took on some of that side of the work, putting his first big payment from Sheila into a good set of tools.
Other things were changing too. Dana had graduated and moved away, along with Tim and Kelly, the last of the kids in her original diner crew. There was a new core group now: Tyler, Jackie, Zoe, Lucas, Lia and Oliver. Sometimes Trevor and Adam. Pie nights went on, never quite the same as the feeling they had for her when she began, but each person brought their own personality and a new dynamic formed, creating another version of the experience. There was a grieving process involved at the loss of the original, but she came to love the new group in its own right. Winter came and went.
One day in the very beginning of spring, Sheila was sitting on her bed when she heard a knock on her door. No one ever knocked on her door. For a second she thought it was an aural hallucination. But then she heard it again.
“Come in?”
The door opened.
“Aaron! What are you doing here?”
“There were a few more things I needed to grab from my room. What are you up to?”
“Colleges. Figuring out where to go.”
Her bed was covered with brochures and acceptance letters. She looked overwhelmed.
“I’m trying to decide between these two,” she said, pointing to papers in front of her.
“What are these over here? You got into some good schools,” Aaron said, picking up letters from a pile at the foot of her bed.
“I have to stay local. I got offered scholarships, but I can’t afford housing out there.”
“This one’s walking distance from Julie’s.”
“That’s actually my first choice, but there’s just no way I can swing it.”
“You can if you move in with Julie. They’ve got lots of space.”
“I haven’t seen her in years.”
“You could totally live there though. You remember when I came home last time?”
“Of course.”
“Well, we were worrying about you, Julie and I, thinking about you growing up in the weirdness here. That was why I came out, to tell you she wanted you to stay with her, if you wanted. To come get you. But when I saw you, I couldn’t believe how great you were doing. You were fine, you didn’t need to move. And no point disrupting your life while you’re in the middle of high school. But for college, you should definitely go to a good school if you can.”
“Oh wow. That’s great. That’s so nice of her.”
“Don’t forget your devoted brother, driving out here to tell you in person, and to help you move.”
“I will not forget my devoted brother. I will mention you in every acceptance speech I ever give.”
“That’s better.”
“But I need to talk to a few people first. Can I call you in a couple days?”
“Sure thing, sis. And congratulations!”
Sheila gave him a big hug and he was off.
She found herself working problem after problem from Savina’s calculus book, which had become a habit when her stress levels threatened to go beyond her ability to manage them. She knew though, that she couldn’t push everything from her mind indefinitely. Schools had deadlines, she would have to respond. She would have to talk to her mother.
She had only recently reached out to her, and they had this little bit of progress, this little bit of connection, for the first time since she was a little girl. To leave her now, she hated to imagine what would happen to her. She couldn’t bear it. When she thought of it, it seemed impossible to even consider leaving. But when she turned back to her brochures and acceptance letters, the thought of passing up this opportunity drove her back to considering this painful conversation. She bounced back and forth between these two unyielding forces until she slumped over, feeling like a rag doll with no fight left in her. “It’ll only get worse,” she thought to herself. “This cycle can go on indefinitely, but you can’t. It’ll eat you. You have to talk to her.” She took a deep breath and went downstairs. She noticed she hadn’t exhaled, and forced herself to breathe normally. Or to try.
“Mom.”
Her mother turned to look at her, and gave a little smile.
“I need to talk to you about something.”
“Alright,” She seemed to gather an exceptional amount of focus, at least compared to what Sheila was used to seeing. “What is it, Sheila?”
“I have to pick a college. I got accepted at my first choice, but it would mean moving away. I’d be leaving you. I don’t know. I mean, there are some local schools,”
“No. Dear. You go. Don’t worry about anything here.”
“But I feel like we’ve just started to, I don’t know, you’ve started to-”
“It’s been very nice, having tea with you. It was wonderful that you came and sat with me, and entertained my questions, spent time with me in the places I go, if I can call them that. But I’ll be okay. And I don’t want you to sacrifice yourself. Sheila, I’m sorry for the sacrifices you’ve already had to make. I want you to live, as much as you can. To try and do the things you want to do. I really do. This is what I want.”
“Oh Mom.” Sheila’s eyes were starting to fill with tears.
“You can come and visit when you’re on break. I’ll keep your room for you. And I’ll make the tea.”
“Ok Mom.” Sheila hugged her mother, and reeled in agonizing sweetness as her mother hugged her back.
She climbed the steps to her room, feeling weak, dizzy and frantic. She tried to lie down and rest but she couldn’t relax: her insides were spinning. She put on her running shoes, which she usually used for walking, but not today. She went outside and took off, pounding her feet into the pavement, springing forward with each step, trying to drive the forlorn feeling out of her chest, the feeling that she was abandoning her mother, as though she were leaving her to die. With every step she shouted with an inner voice “NO!” With every breath she silently declared to herself the goodness of going forward, living her own life. Arguing with her own feelings, she defended the claim that it was okay to make herself a priority, and as the guilt threatened to overtake her, she pounded harder with each step, propelling herself onward, intent on escaping this dark trap in her own being, faster and faster, wind against the skin on her face, into the woods. The ground was softer under her feet. She began to run out of strength. She stopped pushing and moved a little further on her own inertia, crying in gasps, hyperventilating as the gut-wrenching pain shot through her, bent over with her hands on her knees, her lungs struggling to get her out of oxygen debt, and she cried until she was purged. She sat on the ground, let her head fall back and laughed. She would go. She sat for a while, surveying the results of this emotional purge.
Feeling more stable, she got up and dusted herself off. She kept walking further into the woods, without thinking of a destination, but once she asked herself where she was going, she knew what she wanted. To sit in Savina’s kitchen while she worked her magic, to smell the smells of that house. Or to join her in the garden, although it was too early to work the soil. Too early for anything but peas, for which Savina had probably already run strings for them to climb along.
She found her in the kitchen, teaching Jesse how to bake bread. They had just finished kneading.
“Hey guys, I got news. I’m moving away this fall, for college.”
“That a girl!” said Savina. “You were always so smart.”
“Congratulations,” Jesse said, with a slight tremble in his voice.
“Jesse, do you think you can take over, with the gardens?”
“Well, I don’t know. You’ll still be here for the summer?”
“Yeah. I’m around until late August. I’m thinking we could try and bring on another person or two, to help out here and there, and then when I leave, especially if things pick up, you’ll already have a sense of how well they’re working out and if you want to bring them on more regularly.”
“That’s a good idea. I wonder if I could get some kids from the Deaf school. I’ve been trying to learn ASL and I think I need more time just using it. Maybe I’ll ask Trevor if he’s interested or knows anyone who might be.”
“Jesse that’s fantastic. And you’ve got Savina here when you need expert guidance.”
They looked at Savina.
“Of course. But I’m going to expect a visit when you come home on break.”
“Absolutely. I’m relieved this is going to work out. I think I’d better get going though. I’m still feeling pretty hyper and there are a few more people I have to tell.”
“Are you telling me you don’t have time to have something to eat?”
Sheila was most certainly not telling her that.
*****
Sheila arrived early for the meeting, and found Adam looking over some notes.
“Hey.”
“Hey, how are you?”
“I’m okay. Are you busy?”
“I was just going over an outline I got from the speaker for tonight, but I think I’m ready. What’s up?”
“I heard back on my college applications. Looks like I’m moving away this fall.”
“Oh wow,” Adam stared into space for a second. “I guess the day had to come eventually, huh?”
“Yeah. It’s weird, there’s a lot I don’t really want to leave here, but when I started thinking about making choices, I don’t know, I guess, as though I matter maybe? Well it was a really shaky feeling at first, but then it was kind of like walking on a balance beam and realizing that you can do it, you can keep your balance, and you don’t have to be afraid all the time. Of falling. I mean, you have to be careful, but oddly enough that’s not the same thing as being racked with fear.”
“Sounds pretty major. Sounds important. I’m really happy for you Sheila.”
“Thanks Adam. Do you know what you’re going to do after graduation?”
“Well, I’ll go to school, but I want to stay local. I’m really excited about the accessibility stuff, and I think I want to try to coordinate an effort to get more meetings interpreted. And if things go like I think they might, there’ll be more surges in demand for ASL classes. I want to be a part of making sure that demand is met, and I want to be involved in as much of it as I can.”
“What a great thing to do! It sounds like really compelling work. Do you think you can manage all that while you work on your degree?”
“I have no idea!”
Sheila laughed. “Well, you’ve got your balance beam too then, I guess.”
The room started filling up and Adam took a seat in the front. The speaker had arrived and was waiting at the front table, for everyone’s attention.
“Hi, I’m Jackie.”
“Hi Jackie!”
“I’ve been thinking about validation lately, and about giving back. Not just validation, but about what can happen when people never receive it. I spent some time this winter in a peer-support service, and I met kids who were in a really bad place. A lot of them were suicidal but were afraid to say anything for fear of being committed. I wasn’t really supposed to be talking to suicidal kids, but the system’s just so screwed up, they didn’t feel safe anywhere else.
“I found a really common theme among people in the worst pain, in the most extreme of states. They’re completely convinced that their problems aren’t valid, and that they have no worth. These were people suffering with debilitating depression, horrible trauma, and all sorts of other excruciating issues. And almost every one of them was certain that it wasn’t really that bad, that on some level they were just making it up or something. Even with people that I think were probably bi-polar, serious mental illness didn’t even register as occasion to cut themselves a break. It was as though their actual experiences didn’t count for anything, but that all that mattered was the expectations placed on them by the world around them.
“And I know that there are some services available to people - not nearly enough, but some. And these people will never have access to any of those services, because they’re completely convinced that they don’t deserve help. That they don’t really need it. Because their problems aren’t real. My god, if you could see the intensity of the suffering they go through. To the point of desperately wanting to die and they still label themselves as fakers or just ‘not that bad’, ‘not bad enough’, etc.
“I would always try to get them to give themselves some credit, but it was this brutal tug of war with their demons, and these were some pretty tough demons. I came away from all of this thinking that we’re not going to reach everyone. Some people will never ask for the help they need, never come to understand that they actually need it and deserve it. And to me, there’s only one solution to that. We have to help everyone. I’ve been reading about Universal Basic Income or UBI, where everyone gets a benefit payment every month, maybe enough for an apartment if you don’t live anywhere too expensive, and enough so that you’re not going to go hungry. I’m thinking that as long as we maintain a system and a culture that incapacitates people to the point where they can’t take the first steps toward taking care of themselves, then it’s up to us to take care of them. We at least owe them the basics. Enough for food and a place to live.
“So this is what I’ve decided to do for my point twelve. I’m going to work to raise awareness for UBI and to support political candidates who include UBI proposals in their platforms. If anyone is interested in learning more about how it could work, please let me know. I have lots of material and references you can read, or we can just talk about it too.
“Well that’s my talk. Thanks everyone for your attention!”
Jackie got lots of thanks and compliments on her talk, and some takers on learning more about UBI, so she stayed to talk to them. Once their interactions shifted into what felt like private conversation, Adam stopped interpreting and he joined the crowd filtering out of the building, along with Trevor and Sheila.
She shared her news at the diner, to much affectionate booing and moaning, but got lots of hugs and good wishes by the time their orders came.
“I’m not leaving just yet guys.”
But eventually she did. She moved in with Julie and her husband Matt, who worked for an insurance company, but was much more interesting than what Sheila had envisioned when she thought “insurance agent”. She started college and got into a special scholars program where her final year would consist of a research project and presenting a thesis. Julie had a baby girl and named her Luna, and Sheila helped take care of the baby when she wasn’t at school. She had to learn how to care for the tiny little creature, but she took to it well. Julie had another baby, this time a boy, and named him Auden. After Auden was born, Sheila spent more time helping with the kids, but kept her head above water at school. She had finished all her coursework on schedule by the end of her junior year, with just her project and thesis remaining.
16
One afternoon she was tending to the kids while she waited for Julie and Matt to get home from a doctor’s appointment. There was a knock at the front door, and she was startled to find two police officers standing on the porch. Matt’s car had been blindsided, killing Julie and leaving Matt badly injured, still unconscious. Sheila started to go numb, but then saw little Luna with her blanket, trying to get to the door to see who was there.
Sheila separated from the part of herself falling into grief and shock. She went into a slight autopilot mode for the first week or so. She called her brother, who helped make arrangements for Julie’s funeral, and helped take care of the kids. Sheila went to the hospital every day. Matt was badly hurt but was expected to make a full recovery. When he finally regained consciousness, however, the news of his wife’s death left him without enough strength, or maybe desire, to go on, and he died within a week.
Sheila decided to quit school, and just graduate with a standard bachelor’s instead of finishing in the elite scholars program she’d been enrolled in, and formally adopted Luna and Auden. There was a good life insurance policy, thanks to Matt. Aaron was able to help out financially, but he couldn’t be there much. Raising of the kids would be up to her. She threw herself into the project of caring for them. It was a full time job, keeping them fed and clean and clothed and safe, and helping them learn about the world around them, guiding them as they explored their surroundings and their own capabilities, fostering their curiosity and making sure their days were full of wonder. It was a joy to do, through their youth.
As they progressed into their teens, however, things got harder.
When they were young, it fell to Sheila to decide how they would spend their time, and she, without realizing she was doing it, naturally chose activities and environments that she could deal with. But as they came into their own, some of their interests, some of their curiosity, some of their engagement with the surrounding culture overlapped with parts of Sheila’s most painful, unexamined places, and something within her began to seize up.
She had built her world around compassion and validation, but also around the basic understanding that drugs and alcohol were, if not the source of all misery and destruction, closely related to it.
She’d never caught her kids with drugs, but they didn’t have her aversion to the idea of them. It was part of their world. It was in the music they listened to, and in movies they watched. They knew kids at school who got high, and they didn’t see anything inherently bad about any of this. She knew they were good kids, but their explorations of the world around them brought her exposure to things she desperately needed to block out.
She felt that her kids were in danger. She felt that she was in danger. The old days of cold emptiness swung back and shook her from the inside. She felt that all that was good and precious to her was being threatened and she wasn’t even fully aware of her internal response, as though it had a primal element, running below the radar of her conscious mind. 
She had lost her composure on more than one occasion.
One day all the little harassments of life had been beating her down particularly relentlessly. She had to run to the store, along with a few other errands, but was too stressed to keep everything she needed to do organized in her mind. She had started to leave the house four times, each time realizing she was forgetting something she needed to take with her. She was becoming exhausted and distraught with the failed attempts at this simple task, but determined that she would somehow push through. She reached for the door and realized she didn’t have her keys. They weren’t on the mantle where she typically kept them. She checked her pockets and all the obvious places she could think of, then some of the less obvious ones, but she was beginning to get shaky and lose focus. She started to do a sweep of the house, her mental state hanging by a thread.
The game room. She could see herself throwing them onto the end table in the game room when she came into the house with too many grocery bags in her arms. She wasn’t sure if the image was recent enough to be relevant, but she ran down the steps and into the game room and was assaulted by the image on the big tv screen. It was of a room full of stoners getting high, whiskey bottles and drug paraphernalia all over the place and she just snapped.
“No drugs in this house! No drugs in this house!” She half yelled, half cried, at Luna and Auden, who were watching the movie.
The kids took off, with some expressions of exasperation from Auden, under his breath, and she cried some more. She had collapsed and couldn’t bring herself to move. It was twenty minutes before she was even able to turn off the movie.
She half sat, half leaned on the side of the couch in a semi-fetal position, feeling like her soul was clenched shut, for a long time. Finally, either through fatigue or some internal process having been satisfied, there was a slight release. Not much, but she could at least see that there was a problem, and that at least to some degree it was in her. Her having accessed this notion didn’t dissolve her aversions, but she was clear that her reactions were hard on her kids. She wanted to be better for them but didn’t know how to get there, couldn’t imagine feeling differently, or not being overtaken by these feelings when they came. 
But she felt sadness, remorse, confusion, helplessness. She remembered herself. Some faint outline of a sense of strength, a place of familiarity with these sorts of struggles began to take shape, slowly came within reach, just a sliver of access, but it was something. She grabbed it and held it. She sat with the pain. She was still shaken but began to unseize a bit more.
She had been sitting for at least an hour, looking at the inside of herself, knowing this was a good step but being unsure of what she could do in a practical sense, and still feeling quite lost, when she heard the front door open. Footsteps above her, then down the steps. Her kids had returned, and her brother was there.
But something was different. Their usual excited “Mom! Uncle Aaron’s here!” that would normally accompany his surprise visits was missing. 
They all stopped. She and the kids looked at each other, all wide-eyed and breathless.
Aaron excused himself and went upstairs.
“Mom.”
“Kids.”
They all threw their arms around each other. Sorry’s all around. She spoke while still holding onto them.
“I know I’ve been rough on you kids. I want to do better. I don’t know if I can change. The sight, the thought of the stuff just rips me apart. But I’m starting to see what I’ve been doing to you. I don’t know how but I want to try to do better.”
“It’s okay, Mom,” Auden said. “It’s okay.”
She could feel Luna nodding. They stayed attached in this way for some time, all crying.
Once they pulled themselves apart and took a few more minutes to breathe and gather their thoughts, Luna said, “Uncle Aaron told us about some things from the family. I think, well, I think we’d never thought about your aversion to drugs as coming from somewhere. We were just frustrated by it, upset about how it affected our lives. But it makes sense that it didn’t just come out of a vacuum. And I don’t know, I guess I feel like, knowing that it causes you pain, it makes it easier, the idea of trying to make some adjustments. I can give some things up, and I can watch what I bring into the house, I can think about what I’m subjecting you to, I want to. I want to help.”
“Me too,” said Auden. “It’s the same. It felt random before, like it was just this crazy restriction put on our lives for no reason. But knowing something about the reason makes a big difference. I don’t want you to be hurting either. And knowing a little bit about why, it feels like it gives me a little bit of agency or something. I want to help too.”
“You kids are amazing. Thank you. And I’m going to see what I can do on my end too. Sometimes I think when a person feels safer in their surroundings, it can happen that they find that there are things they can do that were off-limits before. So even though I can’t imagine it right now, maybe in some way I’ll be able to be less extreme in what I need to avoid exposure to. I’ll do my best, I can at least promise that.”
“Mom, when Auden mentioned ‘knowing something about the reason’, it made me wonder. What actually happened to your parents?”
“I have no idea. I was really young when it happened, and neither of them were very present after that. I don’t think I could have reached them to find out. I had started to make a little bit of progress in building a connection with my mother just before I left for college, but it was on the faint side, and always elusive. And honestly, I don’t know if they knew. Or if they remember. Whatever it was, it did a number on them.”
“Do you think Uncle Aaron might know?”
“I don’t know, Luna. I don’t think so. He and Julie got out of the house as soon as they could. At first they took any excuse to get out of the house, then they stayed with friends, then they moved away. They were older, so they were able to do that. I’m glad I didn’t, but if I’d been able to I probably would have too.”
“Do you ever think about going back to visit?” Auden asked.
“Yeah. A lot. I never wanted to leave you kids, but I guess you’re old enough now. I could take a trip.”
“I was thinking we could go with you.”
Luna’s eyes lit up. “Ooooh Mom, road trip!”
They planned a road trip.
17
Sheila pulled up in front of the house and put her key in the front door. She was surprised it still worked. Not that they would have changed their locks, but it had been so long, she felt unsure. She entered the house, her kids following behind. Her mother was sitting at the window, staring out into the sky, just as she’d left her.
“Mom?” She gave her mother time to react to the sound of her voice, and motioned for the kids to be still.
“Mom,” Sheila touched her mother’s hand and said, “these are your grandchildren. Luna and Auden.”
Her mother turned to look at her and the kids. Her eyes widened slightly.
“Luna. Auden.” She thought for a few seconds, said, “I’ll make tea,” and started to get up.
“No Mom, I’ll get it.”
Sheila’s mother, whose given name was Mary, and her grandkids, sat and looked out the window together. Sheila brought the tea and joined them.
“We’ll stay for a couple days, Mom, if that’s okay?”
“Yes, for as long as you like.”
“I’m going to run out for a little bit. Will you kids be okay here?”
“Yep, just chillin with grandma,” Auden answered.
Sheila wasn’t sure but she thought she heard her mother almost start to laugh.
“I’ll be back in a bit.”
She walked to the church, unsure of what she’d find. She hadn’t kept up with anyone or the organization itself, and had been too nervous to look them up, not wanting to find that things had withered away. But now that she was here she couldn’t leave without having a look.
She arrived about ten minutes before the meeting was to start, and the room was full of young people, and a couple organizers, sitting at the table they always used. One looked familiar, but it took her a minute to adjust for all the years that had passed.
“Lucas?”
Lucas took a minute as well.
“Wait. Sheila?”
“Hey!”
“I can’t believe it. It’s been almost 20 years.”
“Yeah, I had some things I needed to do at home and thought I’d stop in, see how the program’s doing. Looks like it’s doing great.”
“Absolutely. There’s been a huge amount of enthusiasm, although it’s changed a little. Oh and that event you started: where the kids got a chance to showcase their interests? They’ve been doing it every year. It’s been great for the community. Kids finding their passions, being able to engage with something, and connecting with each other more. You made a big difference when you put that proposal out there.”
Sheila couldn’t speak at first. This thriving community was doing so well partly because of an idea she’d had twenty years before. She felt a little light-headed. Once the feeling faded, she said, “You said it’s changed a little, How so?”
“Well, besides the regular Tuesday meeting, we do every Thursday as well now, but Thursdays are different.”
“Semi-open?”
“No, it’s actually a variation on the program. Same principles, most of the same points, but not specific to drugs or anything connected to them. We found that more and more kids were doing their talk on subjects that were more widely relatable, and sometimes didn’t have a whole lot of connection to having an addict in your life. So we made a spin-off group and it’s as well attended as the original.”
This floored her more profoundly than the discovery of her little legacy. All the wisdom of the program, all the benefits, all the validation and support and facilitation of growth and self-discovery, completely independent of any connection to drug use. For a moment she felt an odd bitterness, a sort of heartbreak at something lost, but she quickly remembered how much the program did for her and quieted that line of thinking. Or feeling. It was like gently, carefully, but quickly placing your hands on a row of dominoes before the whole collection of them toppled over. She was lucky. That was the important thing. These meetings saved her life. Even if the circumstances of her joining left her with a few odd twists in her character. Or her perspective. She didn’t have all the right words, but it was as though the earth was readjusting itself under her feet.
“Sheila? Are you okay?”
“Yes. I’m sorry. It’s wonderful. I’ve got to run, and your meeting is about to start. It was great seeing you again.”
There was a moment of silence while Lucas processed that the reunion would truly be this brief.
“You too, Sheila. I hope you’ll come back when you have time to stay longer.”
“For sure. Take care!” She waved as she disappeared through the doorway.
She walked back home as slowly as she could, trying to give herself time to process what she’d discovered. There wasn’t enough time; she’d have to let this all sink in later.
“Hey kids, I want to take you to one of my old haunts. Mom, we’ll see you tomorrow if you’re not up when we get back.”
Mary nodded and settled back into her gaze outside.
Once Sheila and the kids left, Mary shut her eyes for a minute, took a deep breath, and rose from her chair. She walked up the steps and knocked on the door behind which her husband sat, always.
“Ted?” She opened the door slowly and entered the room.
“Ted.” She sat in front of him and tried to make eye contact. She could see he was in there.
“Ted, it’s a special day.”
He turned his eyes to her.
“I’ve learned that we have grandchildren.”
His breathing quickened.
“Ted I want you to get cleaned up. And I’m going to cut your hair.”
“Yes ma’am.”
She heard an echo of affection in his voice.
*****
Sheila took the kids to Savina’s. They got out of the car and heard that spirited fiddle music she’d heard there so long ago, but now it was Jesse playing.
“Jesse! You sound great!”
“Sheila. Is that you?”
“Seems so. Where’d you get those chops?”
“Emma taught me at first. Then over the years she and Lilly hooked me up with lots of good players to learn from, copy, absorb- hey you didn’t come here after all this time to talk about fiddling.”
“No. But I’m glad to hear about it.”
“Savina will want to see you.”
“How is she?”
“She’s slowed down a lot but she still does some cooking and gardening. She needs more helpers than she used to, but she’s never had trouble attracting them.”
Luna and Auden were slow to get to the house, having stopped to check out all the wonder in Savina’s front garden. Sheila introduced them to Jesse, for whom they had lots of questions about the music. A violin or a fiddle? The name of the piece? From where? Jesse started into the story of oldtime music and Sheila went inside to find Savina.
“Sheila!” The old woman gave her a big hug and took her face in her hands. “Let me look at you.”
Sheila asked her how she was.
“Jesse stayed on here, helps me a lot, and the house is always full of music. He’s having some people over to play soon if you want to stay.”
After a little more catching up, she went to get something from her downstairs pantry and Sheila poked her head back outside. The kids had gone off to explore the backyard garden, and Jesse gave her a look.
“They called you Mom.”
“Yeah. 15 and 17. Time goes so fast.”
“Not for everyone. Sheila, you don’t owe me anything, but Savina would have loved to have heard from you. I don’t understand it. You go off, start a family and never visit, never even call her?”
He was trying, and failing, to keep his anger from driving his voice into increasingly harsh tones, nearly yelling by the end of this barely controlled explosion. Luna heard the exchange and came to her mother’s side.
“She didn’t go off and start a family. Our parents died in an accident and she took care of us, almost entirely by herself.”
“Oh God, Sheila, I’m sorry.” Jesse turned to Luna. “Your parents?”
“My sister and her husband,” Sheila said. “Everything changed that day. I just focused on the kids. I couldn’t think about my old life: it was just all I had in me. I’m sorry for making you feel that I didn’t care, especially about Savina.” 
She turned to Luna. “Go get your brother. I want to introduce you to someone.”
“Oh my goodness!” Savina said when presented with the kids. “They have your eyes, Sheila. You be careful because I might steal them from you. Who wants pie and ice cream?”
“If that’s how you go about trying to steal us,” Auden said, “you’re on the right track.”
*****
Back at home, Mary placed a blanket over her husband’s shoulders and combed his freshly washed hair. She sized him up for a minute before beginning to section off areas and started to give him his haircut.
“Mary, do you remember the book we got for the kids when they were young, Flatland?”
“Yes dear.”
“It’s all wrong, you know.”
“I believe it was intended as satire, dear.”
“No, I mean the dimensional stuff. A line turning perfectly on edge and disappearing. I mean, it’s true that it wouldn’t be visible, if we remove the effects of the distance between our eyes, but really it would never be visible.”
“Dear?”
“Ok. So the intuitive perspective is this. We live in three dimensional space. You tell a math student to envision a plane, and they think of a table top, or a piece of paper but extending infinitely out past any sort of real life boundaries. But a paper or a table top, those things aren’t really planes, even when we try to adjust our picture of them. We always give them some nominal thickness, some little bit of substance, so we can think about them. But then they’re not two dimensional. They’re three. Just like us.”
Mary stopped cutting.
“So say someone shows you a plane. They say it has no thickness, so if we position it straight on, so that it’s extending up and down, and toward you and back - never mind that it would cut right through you - but nothing to the right or left, we accept that the plane would not be visible. Because of the lack of thickness. But if you turn it ninety degrees, so that it extends up and down and left and right, the intuitive perspective is that you would then see it, in fact it would be the only thing you’d see. Really you don’t even have to turn it ninety degrees to get into this scenario. The slightest angle will do.”
Mary had put down the scissors and looked at her husband.
“But the thing is, even if the thing is facing you, perfectly perpendicular to your line of vision, taking up the entirety of the field upon which you can gaze, you still wouldn’t see anything. Because it has no thickness! So it’s not there! A truly two-dimensional object in three-dimensional space completely fails to exist at all. You would see right through the thing, because in order to see something, it would have to be there, and in three dimensional space, being there means, among other things, that you must have some non-zero thickness. And it doesn’t. It isn’t there, it doesn’t exist.”
Mary nodded, slowly.
“So these fantasies of being plucked out of your n-dimensional home and taken for a wild, mind-bending tour of an n+1 dimensional universe, it’s complete garbage. You wouldn’t exist at all, if your dimension didn’t match. It’s not real. It can’t happen. It’s not even decent fantasy. Just an ill-conceived story.”
“The kids seemed to-” Mary began.
“I know, it fires the imagination. But imagination built on faulty scaffolding. Better to do it right, if you ask me. But that’s not what I’m getting at. It’s just, this idea, I was trying, well, oh dear.”
“You’re getting tired dear. Just try to relax while I finish trimming the back.”
*****
The next morning, Mary and Sheila brought the kids upstairs to meet their grandfather. She had done a good job on his hair. He was clean shaven and wore a shirt and tie, along with a pair of glasses in a style that was popular in his day.
Auden and Luna greeted him, and he told them how nice it was of them to come. They asked after his health and talked about the weather, but then Auden couldn’t bear his own curiosity any longer, and asked his grandfather what had happened.
Mary got a little shiver and began to disengage.
Ted stared into space.
“Kids,” Sheila said, “I think we should go. Grandma and Granddad need to rest.”
Ted stopped them, reached out and opened a drawer. He looked down into it, started to speak but couldn’t find his voice. He looked at Auden and then went back to staring foggily into his desk.
“Granddad? Do you want me to- Should I- This folder? Do you want me to look at it?”
His grandfather’s voice was barely audible. “Take.”
“Take it?”
Ted nodded.
“Thank you Granddad.”
Auden hugged him, and while he didn’t hug back, Auden was heartened to feel his grandfather lean his head against his own, just a little.
Back downstairs, Mary returned to her usual configuration at the window. After a while she turned to Sheila.
“I’m sorry kids. It’s just a lot for us, to go back to that time.”
“It’s okay Grandma,” Auden said. “Have you seen this?”
“No.”
Sheila caught the danger, saw her mother on the edge of falling back into that indefinite greyness.
“Kids, I think we’d better just take this with us, let your grandmother rest. You can read it at home.”
“Ok,” Auden said. “I’m sorry, Grandma.”
Mary closed her eyes.
When she opened them again, her gaze was once again directed out the window. Without turning, she said, “I’m glad you came. Sit with me a while longer.”
*****
Sheila and her kids were silent for most of the ride home. Eventually Sheila said, “There was one other person I meant to try to find. I just couldn’t do it this time. This whole thing was so intense. It’ll have to wait.”
The kids nodded, still too shaken from what they had witnessed to be ready to use their voices for a while.
Back at home, Auden opened the envelope. It contained some old papers, discolored with age, covered with an awkward scrawl. He began to read.

Dear friends or family or whoever might find this:
I’m going to try, on these pages, to say something about what happened on that day when everything changed. The reality is that I’m not at all sure, because it occurred very quickly and left me with no solid memory of it almost immediately after it ended. But bits of it would come back to me in flashes at odd times, or in dreams, at least I think that’s what I was getting a glimpse of in those flashes and those strange dreams. In either case they’re gone before I can get a sense of what I’d seen or felt or thought. I’m always left shattered in their wake - they seem to give me just enough to keep the need to know alive, but they’re always so elusive, so slippery. 
I got into the habit of always making sure I have something to write with, or sketch on, or record my voice into, no matter where I am. I have to be able to stop whatever I’m doing and wake up or even just focus, whatever the situation, and try to make a record of what comes to me. What follows is partly taken directly from notes I’ve accumulated in these efforts, and partly what I’ve been able to piece together in studying them.
I was on my way home from work. I was just turning a corner when it happened. An exquisite pain shot all through me, and there was a pulse, I want to say a explosion of light, but that doesn’t fully describe it. And I want to say I saw it, but it was more than that, it was a visceral experience that overtook my whole being. And even what I mean by my whole being, I feel that I can’t properly express what I mean by this. Because in that moment, my being was more, something so much more than I had been just before. I understand from Mary that at some point I was describing changes around me. Things being the wrong color or shape, not quite as I had remembered them, but differing only slightly. My descriptions, though, they were just a sliver of the reality. Where I was, what I was, I could see all the shapes, all the colors. It wasn’t that the tree was a little taller than it was supposed to be. It was that it was all possible heights, all at once. I could see worlds superimposed upon the one I knew, a myriad of worlds, making up a continuous spectrum in every aspect. And to see all this, my god this is so difficult to explain, but I was larger. No, not larger. Just more. I was still here, I hadn’t moved, but I went on, I went deeper, I extended in some way but I just, where? Where was this new dimension of myself? I can’t show you. I want more than anything to show you, or even to remember, to be able to conceive of it at all. It wasn’t up or down, left or right, forward or back, it wasn’t in the past or future, it wasn’t any of those things. But it was somewhere. And yet still right here. And I was in it and of it. I could see so much, and even the word “seeing” requires a sort of expansion: there was so more to the experience of seeing.
Everything was so rich and so clear, there was a fullness I had never imagined. I became euphoric, taking in as much as I could, like a child, a wildly happy child in a new and wondrous world.
I saw Mary. She was looking at me. She looked shaken. She couldn’t see it. She only saw that projection of this being I had become, that shadow she had known as me, for all our life together. Her words flew distorted through my mind, I couldn’t make it out, something about me not looking right. It was a sliver she was seeing, but not exactly the one she was used to. I realized that I must stay very still; I didn’t want to scare her. But I had to show her, I had to bring her into this place with me, I knew she could be with me here, oh the love I felt at that moment was more profound than anything I’ve felt in my life. She didn’t know who we were, she didn’t know all she was, if she could just- I reached for her, I wrapped my arms around all of her, not just the snapshot from our old lives, but her whole being. I tried to gather her. I tried to show her all she was and all that I am. She was terrified, then for an instant she saw it. For a moment we took in this wondrous reality, we were eternal we- well, eternity exists in a moment in time, and that moment ended. Something slammed shut, that new depth, that vision, that love, that everything, it was gone.
After that, it was as though we were hollow. Shells of ourselves. I believe we only returned to how we had been before, but compared to what we had just experienced, it was like a death. We couldn’t move on, and we couldn’t fully remember. Our minds and our bodies kept searching, urgently yearning for what we had lost. I was drifting and mourning and it just went on like that. Everything was dull and grey compared to that world. As though nothing had any substance. There was nothing I was able to fully focus on, to give any real priority to, while I knew that there was this wildly more real, more full, more alive existence - I had seen it! I had lived it! Where was it? What was it? Those questions consumed me, they were the only thing I could deeply attend to.
We tried to love our kids. We tried to honor our obligations. The best we were ever able to do was to provide for their basic needs. I’m afraid that in so many important ways, we were simply gone. Julie and Aaron got themselves out of our home as soon as they were able, and I don’t blame them. I don’t know what will happen to little Sheila, she’s too young to break away. I’m so sorry.
Even now, I still can’t let go of the hope that some day I’ll see it again, be in and of that world. Even though I know that this preoccupation has destroyed the life we had, I can’t free myself from it. This waiting in this void, this is my reality now.

Auden looked up from the page.
"Mom. What is this? What’s he describing?"
"I don’t know, dear."
"I can see how you could think they were on drugs."
"They weren’t, though. Your grandparents never went near that sort of thing."
"Some sort of mental illness?"
"That came over him and your grandmother at the same time?"
"Well what was it then? What do you think happened to them?"
"What I think, Auden, is that there’s a lot in this life that we don’t understand."

###
Afterword
The desire for answers, the need for things to fit together with no loose ends, is something I’m very much aware of. As a reader I crave it as most do. As a person though, I often feel pressured to present my life in a way that suggests that all problems have been solved and all questions have been answered. These things are pretty much never true, and I find myself intensely resenting these kinds of demands. In the role of writer, I found that it was important to me not to resolve some of the threads in this story. So I’ve left you here like this. I hope you can find your way home. I’m not going to tell you that everything will be fine, but there are a few things with which I can send you on your way.
First, the little cookies that Savina would offer her guests are called Taralli. They’re simple and deceptively addictive. You have been warned. 
Taralli recipe:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
Cut together 4 cups flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 Tablespoon baking powder and 1 1/2 sticks butter
Add one tablespoon at a time of the following mixture:
2 eggs, slightly beaten, 1/3 cup milk, grated peel from 1 orange
(don’t use all the liquid if the dough doesn’t need it)
Break dough into small pieces. Should be as dry as pie dough.
Roll in palms (sugar on palms helps prevent sticking) into strands
Configure strands into ‘e’ shapes, but without empty spaces
Bake on an ungreased pan for at 350 degrees F for 15 minutes
After baking, place immediately in a bowl of icing.
Icing:
4 cups powdered sugar, 1/3 cup water, 1/2 teaspoon almond flavoring.
Again, these are the opposite of fancy, but be careful.
Second, the salad trick.
Use only one ingredient, which is romaine lettuce. Wash it, shake it, spin it, drain it, however you want to get the excess water off, and break the leaves into pieces. Then salt and toss it. Next add olive oil, and toss again. Finally add the vinegar (half as much vinegar as oil) and toss a third time. The order makes a difference. People lose their minds over how good this is. I’ve seen friendships ruined over this salad.

Third, if you want to know how to keep asparagus beetles from eating your crop:
Peel a head of garlic, and put the cloves in a blender with 4 cups of water. 
Blend and strain out the garlic solids.
Mix in a tablespoon of liquid dish soap and put in a sealed container.
Let the container sit at room temperature, at least overnight.
Transfer to a spray bottle and go protect your plants.
*****
That’s all from Savina. If you want to learn ASL, one of the best resources I know of is the Signing Naturally series available from DawnSignPress. If you learn the basics and want to start practicing your receptive skills, there's lots of signing out there. 

The Jehovah Witnesses have uploaded the entire Bible in ASL. Some of the early books are fantastic receptive practice for numbers and fingerspelling: "this guy begat that guy when he was this age, lived this many more years and died at that age", especially with all the biblical names getting spelled out. You can even check your number reception by doing the math. (The fifth book of Genesis is a good example.) If, like me, you haven't read much of the Bible, this is an even more intense exercise because you don't know what's coming, so you really have to read each bit of signing.
 
ASL films has created lots of full-length feature films entirely in ASL. I recommend The Adventures of the Mountain Man.

Definitely check out Gallaudet University's Deaf Studies Digital Journal. 

You can search out videos of people signing yourself, but be aware that you'll find a huge variety with regard to quality. Sometimes students publish their attempts at pieces of signing, and you might not want to emulate their errors. Be sure to include actual Deaf people in your choices, and interpreters as well. The group I would especially seek out are the CDI's: Certified Deaf Interpreters. These are Deaf people who have trained to specialize in facilitating communication between a hearing interpreter and a deaf person when there are extra challenges involved. They're Deaf so are generally native signers, and they're experts in their field as well, so you get a combination of extremely high quality signing and great authenticity with them.
*****
Then some music stuff. If you would like to know more about the African polyrhythms presented in the showcase, look for a video called CK Ladzekpo - Drum Rhythm Principles of Percussion Polyrhythm from Ghana, West Africa.

And if you would like a taste of the Appalachian music mentioned in the book, there are lots of great videos out there you can check out. Some suggestions:
Ashlee Watkins and Andrew Small playing a tune called Sleepy Cindy on a program called Get up in the Cool.
Grub Springs played by Mary Jane Epps and Michelle Lanan.
The version of Five Miles From Town I’d recommend is played by a duo called Richie and Rosie.
There are lots of great recordings of Chinquapin Hunting. You could look for Molsky, Hargreaves, Eggleston and Miller, or Eddy, Herner, Lacquement, and Walker.
Finally I’d try searching for a video labeled “JAM” featuring Hunt, Forrest, Stefanini, Eggleston and Leslie.
*****
Thank you for your time and attention, reading my book. I hope you found something good here. If you’d like to find out about my future writing projects, you can find me on Twitter at http://twitter.com/lilatesa
