Suppliant


Copyright © 2014 by Laura Tree
Suppliant is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and events are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental, or noted at the time. 
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof
may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever
without the express written permission of the publisher
except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
Printed in the United States of America
First Printing, October 2014
ISBN 9781310615993
Smashwords Edition
Edited by Teri L. Sullivan
Cover designed by Stephen J. Catizone
LauraTree@outlook.com
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of
the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial
purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own
copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


Dedication
To Adam and Tashina, my two best friends and my tied number--one fans.

Acknowledgments
I would like to thank all of the people that helped make this dream a reality. 
Thank you, hubby for listening to me go on and on forever and giving me the space and time needed to get the job done. 
Thank you, Tashina, for your immediate support of my career change, and all of our shared dreams that helped me write this book. 
I would also like to thank the most amazing professional team that an author could have: my editor, Teri L. Sullivan, and my cover designer, Steven J. Catizone.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33	
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Author’s Note


Chapter 1
“That book that you ordered should be in on Monday, Mr. Garrison,” I say with a bright smile on my face. 
“Thank you, sweetheart. I knew you would be able to get it for me,” Mr. Garrison says. “So, Layla, are you excited about graduation?” He sends me the same wink I have received since I started working part--time at the library two years ago. 
I grew up down the street from Hank Garrison. His wife, Betty, makes us Christmas cookies every year. I’ve always thought of them as family. Jacob Garrison, their grandson, went to Grant High with me, but graduated a few years ago. I’ve always liked Mr. Garrison, especially when he gave us Klondike bars for Halloween. 
“I can’t wait. I’m ready to go to college in the fall, but I have to take it one step at a time and graduate first.” Leaning over I give him a quick peck on the cheek. “Tell Betty that I said hi and that I hope that she gets to feeling better soon so that she can come and see me herself.”
“I sure will. See you next week!” 
...
“Layla!” Sandy calls as she peeps her head out of her office, pulling me out of my recent train of thought.
I walk to her door while placing the returned books on the tray to be re--shelved. I don’t mind Sandy at times, but lately she has been in a mood. I’m not sure what’s going on with her, but I think it’s something personal. Sandy has only been here for three months, so I haven’t really gotten to know her that well. 
I look around Sandy’s office upon entering. The office is neat and organized with a chair for conferences in front of her oversized oak desk. It’s decorated with antique furnishings—a bit dreary-looking for my taste—with walls painted in dark hues. She should get a plant or two to brighten the place up. 
“Layla, please close the door and take a seat. I have something to discuss with you.” I look up after sitting down to see Sandy smiling with tight lips.
“What can I do for you?” I have absolutely no idea why she has called me in here today. I’m a good employee, and I know that I haven’t done anything wrong. Sandy and I don’t see eye to eye. 
I get the feeling that she has had it in for me since she started here. Our manager, Sam, adores me, and Sandy has a thing for Sam. It’s obvious to everyone except him. 
“I need to know your availability for the rest of the summer so I can make out the schedule. You are the last one to turn in your availability.” Her tone is snarky. If she needed to know when I could work, why didn’t she just ask politely like a normal person? I thought that Sam was going to do the schedule any way. 
“I am available every day until August 16th, starting on Sunday. I can work any hours that you need me to.” I struggle to sound pleasant, though I can’t stand her. My mom raised me not to disrespect my elders. 
“I need you to work this Saturday, and why can’t you work until August 21st? I know that your particular college doesn’t start until the 22nd,” she says, grating on my nerves. I literally have to bite my tongue to stop my smart response. 
“I am sorry; I have my graduation ceremony on Saturday and will be unavailable. My last day will be August 16th. I cannot work past that date. I have already had it approved by Sam.” I try to be as nice as possible, but I’m afraid that some anger slipped out at the end. 
“Well I need you to cover this Saturday, so I will place a call to your mother. I am sure that we can work something out with your schedule. I can’t have you being unreliable.” 
That does it; now I’m angry. Why can’t she be a normal manager and find other arrangements? Not to mention that I’m eighteen and my mother has nothing to do with my decisions!
“Look, Sandy, I already told you that I am graduating this Saturday, but if you feel the need to call my mother, go ahead. Seeing as I am eighteen, you can’t disclose any information to her without my permission, which you don’t have. I will not miss my graduation ceremony, and my last day is final. And I don’t appreciate being called unreliable. I have shown up to work every single day that I have been scheduled since I started here two years ago.” My anger is flaring. I can tell by the feel of my face that it’s bright red. I quite possibly could have steam rolling out of my ears at his very moment. 
Without another word, I turn to leave. As I round the corner, a college student impatiently waiting at the counter bombards me. “I am looking for The Art of Literature. The catalog says that you have it in stock, but it’s not in its assigned spot.” He gives me a smirk with his hand on his hip and his foot tapping. Great, I have had to deal with two overbearing people in the last ten minutes. 
“Just one moment, please” I say, my fingers pounding louder than necessary on the keyboard. 
“Right this way,” I say, after checking the catalog, and then hastily walk to the back of the library, stewing over my conversation with Sandy. 
I hate coming back here. It’s my least favorite part of the library. It’s so dark, damp, and dreary. At least the college student is following me and not treating me like his waitress at a restaurant. I would hate to come back here by myself. 
We reach the shelf, and I immediately search up and down for the book; just as he stated, it is not on the shelf. 
“You’re wasting your time. I already looked through the whole shelf, as I told you, and it’s not in its assigned spot,” he says matter--of--factly. 
Just then I feel drawn to a book. I touch it, and a picture races to the front of my mind. I can’t breathe as I watch a scene play out in my mind. I’m helpless to move or say anything. I see the book on the shelf, right next to the book that I was touching. I see a woman pick it up, and then I see Sandy shelve the book again, right next to Dreary Lane. 
That doesn’t make sense. Dreary Lane is in the children’s section, not the designated section for this book. Soon the picture evaporates, and my hand is still gripping the spine of the book I’m touching. The young man standing next to me looks at me with raised eyebrows. 
“I already told you that you’re wasting your time. It’s not here.” His foot begins tapping again and his arms cross.
“If you could follow me, I would like to check another section,” I say, leading him to the children’s section where I find the book right away, just where it was in my vision. He murmurs his thanks with a bowed head as he follows me back to the register to check out.  
When he leaves, I grab the cart of books to re--shelve. I push the cart slowly, wondering if that was a dream or my subconscious helping out. 
...
“Is that you, sweetheart?” This is mom’s typical greeting when I get home from school or work.
“Yes, Mom, it’s me. Who else has a key?” Mom always says that sarcasm is unbecoming, but right now I couldn’t care less after the day that I’ve had. 
“Do you have a minute, honey? Your father and I want to talk to you. We’re at the dining room table.” Great, I rack my brain feverishly to find a reason that they would want to talk to me. 
I’m really a good kid, and never get into trouble, so Mom must want to talk about graduation or college, or maybe Sandy did call my mom after all. I’m going to have to talk to Sam about her. 
I nearly run back out the door when I see the look on my parents’ faces. Their lips are turned down and shoulders slumped. This could not be good news, and I don’t really need any more problems today. 
“Have a seat, honey. There’s something that we have been meaning to tell you for a long time now, but we just couldn’t. I hope that you will forgive us.” Mom pauses and sips her water.
“You see, when you were born . . .”—after a long pause Dad begins again—“well the thing is. . . we aren’t your birth parents. We adopted you at birth,” Dad mumbles, looking at the table. 
I just stare at them. What are you supposed to say when your parents tell you that you are adopted? Should I jump and shout and tell them that I knew it? I didn’t have a clue. 
“But it doesn’t mean we love you any less, honey. You are our daughter and always will be. We chose you.” I can’t believe this. I sit in stunned silence, just listening. 
How can this be? Maybe they’re playing a prank on me. That doesn’t sound like my serious parents. They would never joke about this. How can I have been adopted? How can I not have known? Where did they get me from?
I have gone my whole life thinking that they are my parents, and now they tell me that they aren’t. What am I supposed to say? 
“I know it’s a lot to process, honey; is there anything that you want to know? I read online that you might have some questions. Of course we will answer anything that you want to know. You just need to ask. We figured it was time you knew since you are going off to college in the fall,” Mom says hurriedly. Dad pats Mom’s hand to slow her down. She has a tendency to ramble when she gets nervous. 
I just sit there looking at them for a few minutes. I guess it makes sense to someone on the outside. They are both fair--skinned with light--colored hair and brown eyes, whereas I’m a bit darker, maybe olive--toned, with dark hair and green eyes. They have stubbier features, and I have sharp features. 
We look nothing alike. I don’t know why I never noticed it before. I feel like a fool. I have spent my whole life believing that they were my parents. 
“Layla, are you all right?” The inquisition comes from my fake dad. 
“I just need some time to process this.” I hear Mom’s gasp as I stand, chair legs screeching on the floor, and go to my room. I feel guilty for walking out on them without talking to them, but I don’t have it in me at the moment. 

Chapter 2
 “Hey Layla, what’s going on?” The voice on the other end of the phone belongs to my best friend in the whole wide world, Ava. She is the perfect model of a high school cheerleader. I picture her as one of the leading actresses in Bring It On. She is that kind of cheerful, not to mention the blond hair and blue eyes and the small figure. 
“They blindsided me on my way in the door.” I spit it out like it was a piece of licorice. 
“Your parents? What happened? I mean, I know that they’re strict, but you’re the straightest arrow that I know; you never get into trouble.” Her ranting makes me feel slightly better. 
“They told me that I was adopted as a baby. They’re not my real parents at all.” I can picture her face through the phone. Her brows are drawn tight in confusion, the same confusion I wore when they told me. 
“No way! You were adopted?” she says. 
“Apparently,” I reply, not knowing what else to say.
“And they just now told you? That is so wrong! What did you tell them?” she asks.
“Nothing really, I just sat there staring at them. It was awkward. I didn’t really know what to say,” I reply, telling her the honest truth.
“Well, you can tell them how you feel,” she says. 
“I would if I knew what that was. I just grew up thinking that they were my parents. I don’t really know who I am right now.” I plop my head on my pillow, feeling defeated.
“That’s silly. You are still my best friend. I bet I could tell you what you’re thinking,” Ava says. This is a game that we’ve played since we were kids. She is pretty darn good at it. 
“Shoot,” I say, giving her permission with our code word. 
“You’re mad. They didn’t tell you until you were getting ready to enjoy your last summer here. I bet you are stripping your nail polish off as we speak.”
“You called it. I just can’t believe they didn’t tell me. They knew my whole life and didn’t find it important enough to tell me, and you know what my mom said to me? She said they ‘chose me’!” My feelings are a wreck, and I’m rubbing the cotton ball across my nails so hard that my nail beds start aching.  
“They should have told you a long time ago, but in their defense, your parents love you. You guys never fight. It’s unnatural.” 
I can’t believe she’s on their side. There is a long moment of silence, while I pull the proverbial knife out of my back. I need her on my side on this. 
“What are you going to do about it?” she asks. 
“I don’t know. They wanted me to talk about it, but I didn’t know what to say. This changes my whole perspective on life. I kind of want to know who my birth parents are and ask them why they gave me up.” Did they not want me? Did they not love me? Are they still alive? “I’m kind of tired. Can we talk about this tomorrow? Also do you mind if we keep this between the two of us? I need some time to wrap my brain around it before the whole town knows about it. I’m not ready to answer questions yet.” 
“Sure Layla. Night.”
“Night.” I hang up the phone and ready myself for bed. 
...
“Hey girl, how are you feeling?” Ava comes dressed to impress for the last week of school. Graduation is this Friday, and all of our senior class is abuzz. 
“I’m blown away. I still don’t know what to think.” It hurts to think about. Why did they wait to tell me? I deserve to know. 
“Did you hear the news?” Mads—short for Madison—joins us with the latest gossip. “There’s a new guy. Today is his first day. Grace Harrison saw him registering a few minutes ago. He’s a senior and Grace said he was hot, hot, hot.” Mads is also part of the cheerleading squad. We’ve been friends since Ava became a cheerleader. 
“A new guy enrolled the last week of school?” I’m thankful that Ava has something to occupy her mind besides my adoption, not to mention the fact that Mads obviously doesn’t know about the adoption yet. That means that Ava has kept her promise. “What’s his name?” I ask.
“His name is Damien something. I didn’t hear his last name. I just think it’s weird that he chose today to enroll; I mean, why bother?” Mads can be a bit opinionated and very persuasive; that’s why I’m not ready to tell her about my parents. Thankfully, the bell rings, ending the conversation.
“Maybe he got kicked out of his last school!” I catch a group of freshmen saying on my way in the door. 
“I heard that he was here because he murdered someone.”
“I heard that his parents moved here to get him out of the big city.”
“I heard that he witnessed a murder and was in the witness protection program.” The theories are never--ending. This is a tough crowd. 
...
“Is this seat taken?” The voice compels me to look up from my book. It’s the new guy. Grace was right; he is hot. He has cropped chestnut brown hair, with bright green eyes, a tall muscular build, and chiseled features with a prominent jawline that sends a chill down my spine. I feel like I recognize him. 
It’s odd that he would want to sit by me in the front row when there are seats open in the back row where the popular kids sit. I nod and continue to read. 
“Class, settle down now; I know that it’s the last week of school, but we have a new student. I would like to introduce Damien Cartwright. He moved here from . . .” Ms. Cunningham shuffles through her papers with little success.
After a moment she gives up. “Where did you move from?” The class is talking over Ms. Cunningham until she mentions the new student. The silence turns into giggles as she stumbles over her words. This is so typical of her. 
She is a train wreck; it’s so bad that people stop and stare. Only one side of her shirt is tucked in her blue jean skirt. She never has matching socks; her hair looks like a blond bird’s nest, and her glasses are always crooked.
I don’t think that a single student in this school listens to, or respects her. Doesn’t she understand that she needs to dress for success?
“I moved here from the big city,” Damien provides after a quick chuckle. I wonder which big city? New York? Chicago? LA? 
“Thank you, Damien,” Ms. Cunningham’s smile is a mess. Her teeth have food stuck between them. Gross. Clean your teeth, woman!
“Now for the last week, you need to turn in your textbook right here and get a book from the shelf to read for the remainder of the class period. We will be discussing our reading on Friday.” Sure, she gives us a task, but once everyone has finished turning in their books, they just start talking. 
I’m sure that’s all they’ll do for the rest of the week. Besides, who actually does school work in the last week of school?
Reading has never been a problem for me. If I could read more at the library, I would. My parents have to practically pry a book out of my hands to have a conversation. It has been that way my whole life. 
My favorite genre is fiction. When I read a book, it plays out like a movie in my head. It’s so full of possibilities; my imagination runs wild. Oftentimes I find it difficult to put a book down once I have started reading it. 
“What’s your name?” His voice pulls me from my thoughts. 
“I’m Layla Sanders, but it doesn’t really matter. I mean, it’s the last week of school, and most likely the last time we will see each other. I’m leaving for college in the fall.” I don’t mean to be pessimistic; it just happens. 
I don’t know what it is about him that’s getting under my skin. He’s probably just trying to be friendly, but his confidence is so annoying. 
“It’s a pleasure to meet you.” Damien just brushes off my rudeness. 
I can tell that he wants to ask another question, but I bury my face in my book. I have things I want to think about, mainly my parents, not the hot annoying hunk that just started school here and is sitting right beside me. 
By third period I start to get suspicious. Damien has been in every single one of my classes so far. 
“Can I please see your class schedule?” I ask politely. He hands it over with raised eyebrows. 
You have got to be kidding me. 
He is in every single one of my classes for the entire day! What luck? I mean, what are the chances of that? It’s already annoying that he has been nothing but polite to me and I’ve been a pure jerk to him. 
Several times he has tried to start a conversation with me, and I’ve just ignored him or retorted with a smart comment. It’s frustrating that he can’t take a hint. Somehow he has been able to sit beside me in every class!
This must be a prank being played on me by the universe. I have the hottest guy in school in every one of my classes for the last week. At least I have something to distract me from the fact that I’m adopted and my parents just now told me. 
I don’t see how it could have been that hard to sit me down when I was a kid and tell me. I would have grown up knowing it, instead of being lied to for all these years. Plus if I had known back then, I could have already met my birth parents, or at least looked for them. 
Why did they give me up? Were they not in love? Did they like each other? Was it a one--night stand? Am I a product of rape? Are my parents still alive? These things could have influenced who I am. It could change my whole outlook on life.
But now it feels like I’ve missed out on an important part of my life. I feel like there’s a piece of me missing, and I can’t be whole again until I find it. 
I just don’t know how to go about doing that. I have a party to go to tonight, and graduation is coming up. My last week of school is jam--packed with activities, so the soonest I can get started searching for my birth parents is this Sunday. Anxiety courses through my blood. What if my parents don’t want to be found?
“Are you all right? I can tell that the wheels are rolling in there.” Is that Damien’s best attempt at humor? I have to say, it’s pathetic. Ugh, why am I taking my anger out on him? I have been so entirely irritable lately. I know it has to do with all of the life changes that are happening to me; I just don’t know how to deal. 
“I’m sorry; I’m just stressed out.” I had totally tuned out what he was saying, and now I realize I’m still holding his class schedule. I hand it back to him. “Sorry, I just wanted to check your classes, and it looks like we will be in every class together.” 
A smile lights his face as a frown touches mine. “Well then I guess we should get to know each other.” I nod my head in response. What else is there to do today besides pretend to be reading while actually obsessing about my parents? “What are you stressed about?” Damien asks.
“Do you mean besides graduation, college, and my job at the local library with an evil supervisor? Well to top it all off, my parents just told me last night that I was adopted.” I glance around to make sure that no one has heard me, and thankfully all of the other students are just as engaged in their own conversation, though some are glancing at Damien. 
I didn’t mean to let it slide out, but I couldn’t help it. Something about him makes me want to tell him everything about myself. I do need to talk about it and sort out my feelings before I talk to my adoptive parents. I really don’t want to go off on them and hurt their feelings. I am grateful for them taking me in and raising me like their own. But this is a perfect stranger; why am I so comfortable with him, like I’ve known him my entire life? 
“How do you feel about it?” he asks, understanding shining through. 
“I was angry when they told me. I can’t believe they waited until I’m graduating high school to tell me. They’ve known since I was born and hid it from me. I have a right to know. I may have missed out on years with my real parents.” It feels good to get some of it off my chest. 
“Then I think about why my real parents gave me up, and it hurts. I just want to know why. I want to find them. I can’t really be angry at my adoptive parents anymore. My whole life, they took care of me. I am just so overwhelmed and confused. It sucks.” I let out a deep breath and purposely relax my shoulders. I let my lip fall out of the grasp of my teeth. 
“Wow, you have a lot going on in your life. How are you going to deal with it all?” Damien lays his book down and turns toward me. 
“I guess I need to talk to my adoptive parents and tell them how I feel. I hope that they support my search for my real parents. I just need to know why they gave me up.” We are now facing each other in our seats, holding a real conversation. He apparently hasn’t noticed all of the sly looks he’s getting or his name being said in conversation. 
“So how did you come to end up here on the last week of school?” I ask him. I figure he’s right. It looks like I’m going to be seeing him a lot for the next week, and I’ve already spilled my guts to him, so I had better get to know him. 
“That is a long story, one that I would rather tell you when there aren’t so many people straining to hear every breath I take.” So he has been paying attention. I glance around and catch several students hanging on to his every word, trying not to stare, and failing miserably. 
“Smart move.” The corners of my mouth turn up. Maybe he isn’t so bad after all. I guess I can get past his tough guy confidence and play friendly. It’s only for a week. 
...
“I heard that you’re the only person he’s talked to since school started.” Ava is getting her lunch tray ahead of me in line. 
Mads is right behind me. “Is it true that he’s in all of your classes? Why did he enroll on the last week?”
“You’re going to have to ask him yourself.” I sit at the table that the three of us have been sharing all year. To my surprise, Damien walks over with his tray. I know he’s going to ask if the seat is taken since he has in every class so far. I just nod at him to sit down before he can speak. 
“Oh my god! I’m Mads, and this is Ava. We’re Layla’s best friends.” She’s practically drooling over him, but I can’t blame her. Something about him just attracts girls. 
“It’s a pleasure to meet you.” He gives each girl a handsome smile that would make anyone melt. 
“So where are you from?” Mads asks. Let the questions begin. I know how these two are when they are curious about something. Poor Damien is going to get the third degree from both of them. 
“The city.” It’s the same vague answer that he has been giving all day. 
“What city would that be?” Ava asks. 
“So Ava did you actually have to do any work in class today?” I jump in. I know it’s a weak attempt, but I’m trying to save Damien from being bombarded with questions. He’s starting to grow on me. 
“Why did you enroll today?” Mads asks.
“What are your parents like?” Ava asks at the same time, both ignoring me. 
“Is it true that you’re part of the witness protection program?” Mads asks. 
“I was adopted,” I call out. That does the trick. Mads’s face lights up like a light bulb with this little piece of information. Ava looks surprised that I just told Mads, who is notorious for having a big mouth. 
“What do you mean you were adopted? When did you find out?” Now it’s my turn for the third degree. Both girls and Damien shift toward me, making me uncomfortable. 
“Last night. My parents told me when I got home from work.” I try to keep it as short as possible. I know that Mads won’t be satisfied without hearing every detail, but I’m not in the mood. I’m still sulking myself, not quite ready to vent to them. 
“That is messed up; they should have told you sooner.” Mads must have sensed my unease with the situation and has spared me for the moment.

Chapter 3
“So do you want to hang out later?” Damien asks. It makes sense that he would want to hang out with me, seeing as I’m the only person that he has talked to all day. 
“I was planning on going to a party tonight. It’s at Derek Hackman’s house. His parents are out of town. You can meet me there if you want.” I want to talk to him some more, but I don’t want to blow off Ava and Mads. 
“That sounds like fun. Who doesn’t love a good party?” 
Well I wouldn’t know; this is the first party I’ve gone to, not including birthday parties. I have always been more interested in books than parties. Mads and Ava flipped out when I agreed to go. They thought it was a crime that I was graduating without going to at least one party. They couldn’t send me off to college like that. 
“Here’s my number; just text me the address and time.” He hands me a piece of paper and walks away.

Chapter 4
The driveway is full when I pull up. Ava offered me a ride, but I decided to drive separately so I wouldn’t have to stay that long. I just wanted to put in an appearance. 
“I was beginning to think you wouldn’t show.” Ava takes my hand and pulls me inside. “What took you so long?” 
“I had to wait for my parents to leave; I didn’t want to talk to them.” 
Ava shrugs with understanding. I look around for Damien. I didn’t tell the girls that I had made plans to meet him here. 
“The hunky new guy isn’t here. I don’t know if anyone invited him.” Mads walks over and pours a beer. She offers me a cup and I pour a glass of lemonade. I’m not into underage drinking. I don’t want to get anything on my squeaky-clean record. 
“I think he likes you. Everyone was talking about how he was following you around all day like a lost puppy,” Mads says. 
“He was in all of my classes; it made sense that I would walk with him, and it’s not like he knows the campus.” I know the school is not very big, but it’s the only excuse that I have. 
I’m not going to admit that he’s starting to grow on me. They know that I’ve always been more focused on school work than on boys, and they would never let me live this down.
The music is blasting which makes conversation hard to accomplish. The house is amazing. I knew that Derek’s parents were loaded, but I hadn’t been expecting this. It’s a mansion compared to my typical small suburban home. 
The decorations are tasteful, and the rooms spacious. There’s a pseudo dance floor in the middle of the living room with several students bopping up and down. I decide immediately to avoid the living room; dancing just isn’t my scene. 
The crowd dies down as Damien walks in. There’s a minute of whispers before the noise slowly returns. 
“Hey, Lay. What’s going on?” His smile is breathtaking as he approaches us huddled in the corner of the kitchen. 
“Do you want something to drink?” Mads is playing the role of hostess. You would think she had thrown the party, but I know that she’s just vying for Damien’s attention. 
“Thanks, I’ll get it. Do you need a refill?” Damien turns to me. I look around, confused for a minute before I notice my empty cup. I hand it to him with a tight smile. What’s the harm in letting him get me a drink? 
“Lemonade, please,” I say. Damien heads toward the refrigerator. The second he’s out of earshot, Ava explodes. 
“O-M-G! How did he know about the party?” 
“I can’t believe he’s here,” Mads chimes in. 
“I invited him. He wanted to hang out, and I wasn’t going to blow you guys off.” I hope they don’t think I invited him because I like him. I mean, it’s true that he’s starting to grow on me, but something about him still digs under my skin. 
The music is pumping when he returns. Mads and Ava make their way to the living room, to dance inappropriately I assume. They try to drag Damien along, but he gracefully bows out. 
Damien hands me my lemonade. “Did you . . . parents?” 
What was that? Damn music is so loud that I can’t hear him. 
“What?” I ask. He grabs my hand and leads me out the back door. I guess he’s having trouble hearing me too. 
It feels weird having his hand in mine. I look down at our joined hands as we walk. I’ve never held hands with a boy before, but I don’t think the amount of warmth spreading up my arm is normal. 
I decide to ignore it and focus on not tripping, since I’m extremely clumsy. I find bruises with unknown origins weekly. It’s pretty scary how often that happens. 
There’s a pool and a hot tub out back full of half--naked seniors. This is the party of the year, Mads told me while she convinced me to come. I guess everyone is excited about graduating. 
Beyond the pool is a lake with a dock. Damien walks toward the lake until the music is drowned out by the crickets. He releases my hand, and I slip my sandals off and dip my toes into the cool lake, watching the ripples in the moonlight. Damien follows suit. 
“Did you talk to your parents about the adoption?” Damien asks after a moment of silence. He must have a lot on his mind too. 
“Not yet. I still need to get it all straight in my head first. I don’t want to be emotional when I talk to them.” I watch the lake ripple in silence. I wonder how long I can avoid them before they confront me. 
“You know that they love you. I’m sure you will feel better after you talk to them.” 
I know that he’s right. I’m just not ready to talk yet. I need to get my thoughts straight. It’s kind of common sense that they love me. They raised me like I was their child, and I never wanted for anything. They always took care of me. 
“You must be close to your parents,” I say to Damien. Why else would he encourage me to talk to mine? He must have a great relationship with them, to understand how my parents are feeling and why they would wait so long to tell me. 
“I was. I had a very open and honest family. We could always share anything. It was nice.” I want to ask him why he’s using past tense, but I don’t want him to clam up. He has been very vague since I met him, and I know there has to be a reason. If he wants to share it with me, he will. 
“So are you going to be attending graduation on Saturday? I’m not sure how it works since you just enrolled today.” Does he have a cap and gown? We had to order them a few months ago. 
“Yes, I will be graduating. The school I went to before transferred all of my files, and I already passed the courses. The office was smart enough to have a few extra cap and gown sets ordered for last minute changes,” Damien says.
“What are your plans after graduation?” I don’t really think it matters because I’m going off to college in the fall, but I don’t want to talk about my parents anymore. 
“I haven’t made any plans yet. I’m just taking it one day at a time.” I can tell there’s something he’s not sharing, but it isn’t really my place to ask. 
“What’s on your mind?” Damien asks, gazing out at the lake. 
“My future.” I pause, not sure how much I want to share with him. 
“I’m not sure how it’s going to turn out. Yesterday morning I thought I would graduate, work at the library all summer, and then head off to college in the fall, but now I’m not so sure. I want to find my birth parents. I want to meet them, and I don’t know how long the search will take.” 
Damien’s gaze catches my eyes. I see in their green depths understanding laced with a look of adventure to come. I feel comforted just looking at him; it’s like somehow he completely understands everything about me. It’s unnerving.
We continue to talk about anything that comes to mind. Our conversations focus mostly on the future, the adoption, and getting to know each other. We discover that we both love lasagna, watching stand--up comedy and reading. 
“There you are Layla; you snuck off.” Ava and Mads step onto the dock, making me jump and scoot away from Damien. 
“I have to get home, I’m glad I got to see you.” Damien stands and puts his shoes back on. He’s leaving already? I glance at my watch to see it’s near midnight. Holy cow, we’ve been out here longer than I had thought. I should probably get going too. 
“Thanks for meeting me here,” I say looking down at the ground. I don’t want him to see my face until I get it under control. 
“Thanks for the invite. See ya tomorrow,” Damien says. He squeezes past Mads and Ava who are giggling like little girls.
“Oh My Gosh, he is so hot. I can’t believe he was out here all night with you,” Mads says. As I turn toward the house I can see several students have been watching our every move. 
I zone out on our walk back to the house. I know that if I want to avoid all of the questions and stares, I better leave soon. 
When we reach the hot tub, I say my goodbyes and circle around the side of the house out of sight.  
…
“Is that you, honey?” I hear my mom’s voice over the television. 
“Hey Mom and Dad, I thought you would be in bed by now. It’s getting late.” 
“We wanted to talk to you. It won’t take long; I know that you’re tired.” She sounds so hopeful. 
“I am really tired. Can this wait?” My being tired is not a lie. I just don’t really feel like talking about the adoption. 
“I just wanted to know how you are doing. You haven’t said anything since we told you,” Mom says. 
“I’m fine Mom, really. I’m just ready for bed. I’ll talk to you about this tomorrow. Good night.” I give her and Dad a kiss on their cheeks and head upstairs to my bedroom. 
“Just give her some time, honey. She’ll come around,” I hear Dad whisper as I climb the stairs. 

Chapter 5
The next day at school is pretty much the same. People stare as Damien sits next to me and try to listen to our every word. I can’t help but feel myself relaxing around him a little more. 
“So what is he really like?” Mads asks as the waitress sits my coffee on the table. “It seems like you are the only one who has the inside scoop. He sticks to monosyllabic phrases when he talks to anyone else,” Mads says. I can’t help but think that I detect some jealousy there. 
We meet at the coffee shop after school every Tuesday. It’s the only day that the girls don’t have practice and I don’t have to work. Although I have taken off this week because I have a million things to do before graduation. 
“He’s nice.” It’s not much, but I don’t really feel like spilling the beans on him. I figure that if he wants them to know about his personal life, then he will tell them. 
“Did you hear what Sally Hansen said?” Ava is busting at the seams with the latest gossip. Sally Hansen is the most popular senior girl, and always has been. Her dad is some big wig at this huge Fortune 500 company, so she never goes without. 
I can’t stand her stuck--up attitude. She thinks that just because she’s rich she can have anything that she wants. I knew that, sooner or later, she would set her sights on Damien. 
“I don’t really care. It’s none of my business.” I know that Ava will tell me what she said anyway. 
“She told Allison that Damien was the hottest guy in school, so she was going to make him date her. Then she said that she didn’t know why he was hanging out with the ‘mutt’ of the school. She was talking about you!” Ava says with a look of exasperation written all over her face. 
“It doesn’t surprise me.” And I mean it. I know that Sally is not a nice person, which is why I’ve tried to stay off her radar. She makes Mean Girls look like toddler play. Everyone knows that she’s horrible, but since her daddy is rich, she gets away with anything. It really wouldn’t surprise me if she has gotten away with murder. 
“I can’t believe she knew your name,” Mads says. Ava and I look at Mads like she’s gone mad. 
“Who said she knew my name?” I ask as Ava bursts out laughing. 
Our conversation takes on the normal ebb and flow that it has when we get together. I could swear that I know everything about Mads’s and Ava’s lives, but there are some things that I haven’t shared with them. 
“Fancy meeting you here,” Damien’s voice booms behind my back. When our eyes meet, a shiver travels down my spine. I know that I’ve basically spent the whole day at school with him, but something about him is getting to me. 
“We gotta go girl, we’re supposed to meet my mom at the salon for a hair appointment, and we’re gonna be late. Call me later.” She grabs Ava’s arm and quickly heads off out of the coffee shop.
I know that Mads isn’t lying, but I’m frustrated that they just ditched me with him. 
Don’t they know that there are rumors flying around about us? Of course they do; they’re the ones who told me. I guess they don’t care. 
Damien takes the seat closest to me and orders a coffee. I look at him apologetically. 
“Stay for a few minutes,” he says. “We don’t really get a chance to talk at school, with everyone listening in.” 
“What did you want to talk about?” I ask. 
“How is the whole situation with your parents going?” he asks. 
I don’t really want to confide in him anymore, but he already knows more than anyone else because of our moonlit talk. I guess it won’t hurt anything to tell him more. 
“They tried to talk to me when I got home last night, but I brushed them off. I told Mom that I would talk to her about it today, but I don’t really know what to say.” It comes out much easier than I thought it would. I must have needed to share this burden with someone else. 
“May I suggest that you just tell her everything that you told me? Tell her how you’re feeling. I’m sure she will understand. She is your mother after all; she raised you and she knows more about you than you know,” Damien says. 
His last statement kind of freaks me out. I hope he’s just projecting his relationship with his parents onto me. The way he said it makes it sound like he knows my mom personally. 
I shake the thought away, pondering on what he said. I should just be honest with her. Though it took them eighteen years, my parents were still honest with me about my adoption. 
“That sounds like the best scenario here.” My shoulders visibly drop from relief. I’ve made up my mind on how to handle this situation, with the help of Damien. I guess he’s becoming a friend after all. 
“Hey, Lay, there’s a carnival on the pier this week. Do you want to go check it out with me tomorrow?” he asks. I just stare at him for a few seconds, my face contorted. “As friends?” he clarifies.
“That sounds like fun. I have a few errands to do after school, but I’ll meet you there at five.” My mind is racing. I thought for a second he was asking me out on a date. I feel my cheeks redden. How could I have thought that he would ask me out? Of all of the girls in the school, he wouldn’t choose the mutt— as Sally Hansen put it—to date. 
I pay my tab and make a swift exit, embarrassment written all over my face. 
…
I expect to see Mom sitting at the dining room table again waiting on me to get home, but she isn’t. I walk through the kitchen on my way upstairs and get momentarily distracted with the heavenly smell coming out of the Crock--Pot. 
Mom makes the best Crock--Pot meals. A wave of gratitude washes over me. I have to tell her how much I appreciate everything that she has done for me, especially now that I know that she didn’t have to do it. 
I run up the stairs to throw my stuff in my room, before searching out my mom. 
A few minutes later I find her in the office. 
“Hey Mom,” I say as she glances up at me over her glasses. I drop down into the office couch, a.k.a. the most comfortable couch ever. 
Mom is sitting behind the heavy oak desk with her table lamp shining on some papers that she is intently studying. Her desk is more organized than any of the teachers’ desks at school. The top of the desk is orderly and clean; I know from experience that the inside is exactly the same. 
My mom loves to organize things. She’s always told me that everything has its place. I’m not surprised that it has rubbed off on me, though she’s not my real mom. 
“Hey, honey, how was your day at school?” Her tone is light. I can tell she’s trying to be patient with me. 
“It was fine Mom. Do you have a minute?” I ask. 
“Of course, honey,” Mom takes off her reading glasses and comes over to sit on the couch next to me. “What’s on your mind?”
“I’m just confused. I want to know why you waited to tell me,” I say. The pain washes over Mom’s face. 
“I know it must be hard for you to understand, but we had our reasons. We wanted you to grow up feeling loved, and we did the best by you that we could,” she says. 
“I just want to know who my real parents are. I want to meet them. I want to know why they gave me up. I am so confused and hurt. I spent my whole life thinking that you were my mom, and now you’re not.” A single tear slides down my face. 
“Oh, honey.” Mom pulls me into her arms. “I will always be your mom. We chose you, and we love you dearly.” She holds on to me tightly for what feels like an hour. She lets me cry it out in her arms. 
“You were three days old when we brought you home.” Mom is still holding my face to her chest; her hand rubbing my back to comfort me. “It was a closed adoption. We never got to meet your real parents, and didn’t have any information about you other than the fact that you were a healthy baby girl.” 
I pull away from her as the tears subside. 
“My heart leapt at the sight of you. I had been told that I would never be able to bear my own child. Your father married me anyway. I tried desperately for years to have a child of my own, but it wasn’t in the plans. When we were given the news that there was a baby for us to adopt, I was so overjoyed. The second they placed you in my arms, you were mine. I could see it in your eyes. You had the most beautiful smile.” Mom looks off into space with a glazed-over eyes and a smile. 
“We chose you, Layla. We named you and we raised you. I know that we aren’t your birth parents, but we love you just the same. I hope that you can forgive us,” she chokes out, her chest heaving with sobs. My arms go around her automatically. 
“Of course I forgive you, Mom. I was just upset. I feel like a different person. I don’t know who I’m supposed to be anymore. I want to find my birth parents and I hope that you and Dad understand.”
“Of course, sweetheart,” Mom says. “We will help you in any way that we can.” 
After discussing our schedule for the rest of the week, we decide that Sunday would be the earliest that we could do any digging around. 
Dads face lights up when he sees us talking, and for a moment, the world feels right again. 
...
“So how did it go last night with your mom?” Damien questions as he approaches my locker. 
I close the door and turn toward our first--period class. “It went well; we had a good talk. Mom has decided to help me find my birth parents. We’re going to start on Sunday.” A smile lights my face. I didn’t know how much I wanted this until now. 
“That’s great. If you need help, give me a call. I don’t mind being your partner in crime,” Damien says. It’s sweet of him to offer, but I’m still not sure if it’s a good idea to get too close to him. 
I still feel betrayed by my parents for lying to me for all those years, and I don’t know how long Damien will be in my life. I’m not sure what my life will look like in a few months. 
“Hey Damien.” Sally Hansen’s face pops into view. She is the Wicked Witch of the West. “I was heading to the movies tonight with some of my friends and wanted to offer you a once—in—a--lifetime chance to tag along.” When I look up, I see her twirling her long blond curl around her finger. I want to smack that bubblegum smile off her face. Her sense of entitlement really gets on my nerves. 
“Actually I have plans with Layla.” Damien smiles while pointing at me. The look on her face is priceless. It looks like she’s been smacked. I can tell that she never in a million years expected him to turn her down. Did I mention her sense of entitlement? It makes me sick. 
I hear Damien release an imperceptible chuckle beside me as his hand lands on my arm. I’m too busy focusing on the warm burning sensation where his hand is to pay attention to Sally Hansen at the moment. It feels warmer than last time, which is odd.

Chapter 6
 “Layla Sanders to the principal’s office,” the intercom announces right before the lunch bell. 
Damien gives me a quick concerned look, and I just shrug my shoulders. I haven’t ever been in trouble at school, so I have no idea what this visit is about. I did apply to a scholarship a few months ago; maybe the principal received news on the outcome. 
“I’m Layla Sanders. I’m here to see the principal,” I greet the secretary. 
“Right this way. He’s expecting you.” She motions me back with a grim look on her face. 
“Please take a seat.” Principal Rayes stands upon my entrance. His office is a typical principal’s office. He has two chairs in front of his desk, as well as bookshelves along all of the walls. Everything is messy and disorganized. It’s a miracle that he can find a pen in this pig sty. 
“The reason for your visit is not a pleasant one.” He says while shutting the door for more privacy. 
“Oh.” It’s all I can say. 
Principal Rayes takes a seat in his chair, his arms folded in front of him and his eyebrows drawn. “You see there’s a problem. One of the students, Sally Hansen,” he says, and my heart sinks instantly, “has misplaced her purse. See this normally wouldn’t concern you, except that three students said they saw you in the girls’ locker room getting into Sally’s locker. They witnessed you take her purse and place it into your personal locker.” 
I want to deny the statement instantly, but I know that it wouldn’t matter because Sally’s daddy has so much influence at the school, being a major donor. I didn’t do this!
“What do you have to say for yourself?” He stares into my eyes. 
My mouth goes dry. “I’m not a thief,” I say, shaking my head back and forth. I want to argue with him and tell him everything that Sally is rumored to have done, that she’s a psycho, but I know that it won’t do any good. 
“Well it seems that we are in a bit of a pickle. If you won’t confess to the crime, then we will have to check your locker. Please wait outside while I call in Sally.”
I stand to leave the office on wobbly legs, when it comes. The vision is as clear as day; Sally Hansen is putting her purse into my locker. That little bitch. She turns and laughs to her buddies about how much “the mutt” is going to pay. 
I’m so mad that I want to scream. 
The office waiting room chairs are full, so I have to sit in one of the chairs just outside the door. 
Damien approaches with a concerned look on his face. “What was that all about?” he whispers. I just shake my head at him, too mad to talk. He crouches down in front of me and places his hand on my knee. 
The burning runs up my knee, and his eyes are level with mine, his face closer than ever before. “Tell me.” Is it just me, or are his words laced with tension? 
His concern helps to relax me. At least he’s here for me to vent to. 
“Sally Hansen accused me of stealing her purse from the girls’ locker room and putting it in my locker. I didn’t do it, but it’s in there. We’re going to my locker as soon as she gets here so that she can prove it.” I don’t know what he thinks. 
“How do you know that it’s in there?” he asks 
“It’s a gut feeling,” I say, not wanting to tell him about my vision. “I’ve known Sally my whole life and have seen her do far worse than set someone up for petty theft. I have no doubt that she put her purse in my locker.” I’m trying so hard to keep it together. 
“I have never been in trouble before. I didn’t do this. I’m not sure if I will be able to graduate, or if I will get arrested.” Sweat is dripping off my brow. 
“Of course you didn’t do this. I was with you all morning. I’ll talk to the Principal.” Damien’s defending me means the world. He is the best friend that I could have asked for at the moment. 
“It won’t matter. They’ll have the evidence, and Sally gets what she wants because her daddy is rich. It will be our word against hers and her three rich friends. There isn’t a chance in hell that they’ll believe us.” I normally don’t curse, but times are calling for it. Damien nods in agreement. 
“I will take care of it.” His hand squeezes my knee quickly, and he stands to walk away. He leaves me to ponder his meaning. How is he going to take care of it?
I drop the thought and start worrying about my future now that I’ll be pegged as a thief. Will I lose my job at the library? Will I still be accepted into college? What will my parents think of me?
Sally Hansen arrives at the principal’s office with a knowing smirk on her face. I wish I could bottle and sell her confidence. I would be a rich woman. 
The principal steps out with Sally following. I’m instructed to step into the line. My nerves are a mess the whole way there. I just know that I’m going to get busted for something that I didn’t do. I know that life isn’t fair, but come on! This week has been horrible. Can’t the fates give me a break?
The principal stops, and we all crowd around my locker waiting eagerly. He turns his key and pulls it open. It’s exactly as I left it. Not a thing is out of order. 
I see shock written all over Sally’s face when I chance a glance. I know from the vision that she was expecting to find her purse there. How did Damien do it? Is that what he meant by he would “take care of it”? Why would he dare to move it? What if he had gotten caught? Where in the heck did he put it?
“Well, Ms. Hansen, it appears to not be here. Let’s check your locker in the girls’ locker room.” A look of horror flashes across her face as a smile crosses mine. 
I can’t stop thinking about what my parents are going to think if I get in trouble now. They’re going to say that I’m acting out because I found out that I am adopted. I just hope this all gets straightened out. I really don’t want to have this on my record, besides it is not like Sally has any proof right now.
We walk around the corner to the girls’ locker room, and my stomach sinks. What if it’s not there? Principal Rayes stops so suddenly that I nearly knock into him. He takes a minute to unlock Sally’s locker, and then pulls the door open with a bang. 
“Is this the purse that you were supposedly missing?” he asks, holding out a coach handbag between his forefinger and thumb. Sally’s face turns red as she starts to storm away without a word. So if she did put it in my locker and tried to frame me and was unsuccessful, she couldn’t rat me out without telling on herself. 
“Ms. Hansen, do wait, dear. I believe that you owe this young lady an apology.” He gestures toward me. 
Sally’s face turns redder as she whispers, “I apologize.”

Chapter 7
 “How in the heck did you do that?” I don’t bother asking Damien until we’re alone at the entrance of the pier carnival. 
“Do what?” The smile lights his face like a Christmas tree. 
“You should have seen her face.” I ignore his denial. He knows darned good and well what I’m talking about. Though my visions are new to me, they’ve so far been true; I know this to be a fact. 
I remember back to my vision about the book at the library. I’m still freaked out about the fact that I’m seeing things that I shouldn’t be able to, but I figure this has something to do with my absentee birth parents. 
That’s another reason I desperately need to find them. Maybe they know something about what’s happening to me. 
“I bet you loved it. To see the queen bee shot down and made a liar,” Damien says, bringing my attention back to the matter at hand. 
“You know it.” For the first time in what feels like forever I smile, truly smile. I’m happy from the inside out. I feel like I could soar through the clouds at any time. 
Damien hands our entry tickets to the carnival worker. I hadn’t thought to purchase a ticket yet. I need to pay him back for that later. 
Damien pulls me to the games. I lose at the first three games before I can convince him to switch gears and ride the rides instead. 
We get in line to take a ride on the Ferris wheel. I know that someone like him can’t really like me, “the mutt of the school”. But I sure think it’s romantic at the moment. 
As we reach the top, my stomach drops. All I can think about is the view and how pretty it all is. The sun is going down in the sky, and it leaves a mix of yellow, orange, and purple clouds. It looks like we’re sitting in heaven and looking down. I can’t imagine being a bird and seeing this view anytime I want. 
I glance at Damien who is focused on my face. I want to ask him what he’s staring at, but I don’t have the heart. The wheel starts moving way too soon. 
Once we’re back on the ground I feel much more like myself. All of that ooey gooey romantic stuff is forgotten as Damien gets a funnel cake to share. 
I know that they are horrible for you, but I can’t help it. How can I turn down the crispy hot dough of a funnel cake dusted in powdered sugar? My mouth waters just thinking of it. 
After devouring a third of the funnel cake, I excuse myself to the ladies’ room. I’m consumed in thought as I turn the corner of the circus tent when I look up and see Brad Francetti blocking my path. Brad is a senior football player at my school. He’s huge. 
He grabs my arm and spins around, dragging me behind him. It only takes a few seconds for us to pass the restrooms and enter a tent from the back. 
As we get inside, I look around. It’s a mirror maze, from the workers’ perspective. My curiosity peaks as I’ve never been in a mirror maze before. Something tells me that after tonight, I will never want to go in one again. 
Brad comes to a stop and releases my arm. My immediate reaction is to rub the spot that he’s surely left a bruise on. His big, muscular frame moves out of the way to show Sally Hansen standing there with a sinister grin on her face. 
“Layla Sanders, the mutt of the school.” She spits as she proclaims me the mutt. What kind of respectable woman spits?
“Sally Hansen, the evil bitch.” I know that I shouldn’t have sneered at her, but I can’t help it. She flicks her wrist, and Brad back--hands me in the mouth. 
“Watch what you say, mutt.” Her face lights up at the trickle of blood that forms in the corner of my mouth due to my split lip. That’s when I realize just how sick Sally Hansen is. 
What kind of person likes causing pain to others? Serial killers and psychopaths come to mind. She must be mentally ill. I frantically glance around for a way out of this situation, but all exits are blocked. Sally is directly in front of me, and three football players are surrounding me. There’s no possible way I can escape. 
Sally strikes me. “That is for getting in my way with Damien.” She kicks me in the stomach next. “And that is for moving my purse. By the way, how did you pull that one off? I could have sworn that I had you.” A creepy smile lights her face. Just looking at her makes me sick. 
“As if I would ever tell you.” I glare at her. It just excites her more. She lets out a string of curses and doesn’t hold back on her anger. Before too long, I’m swaying on my feet.
My arm is aching so badly that I think it might be broken. The swings keep coming from all angles. The football players are having some fun with me too. What did I do to deserve this, is the last thought I have before I black out.
...
I wake up in my bedroom. Panic slices through me at my current state of well--being, and how I would explain my bruises to my parents. I look down, feeling my whole body for the aches and bruises. 
What am I going to tell people? I better think of something, but right now is not the time, a yawn escapes as my head hit the pillow again. 
...
The buzzing of my alarm clock, mixed with the bright sun’s rays pull me out of sleep. My head is throbbing and my body is aching all over. I know I will feel better after a shower, so I pull myself out of bed and head for the bathroom. 
After taking a shower and getting dressed, I find myself standing in front of the mirror. My lip is swollen and split. There is a faint bruise on my left cheek from getting slapped, and the rest of my bruises are covered up by my clothing. 
I stretch my arm, thankful that it’s not broken. I will have to come up with a cover story for my face. I spend a few minutes extra putting on my makeup this morning. I have to make sure that the bruise on my cheek isn’t visible. I take a step back to admire my work. After a full body check, I approve my appearance. 
The only thing that sticks out is my busted lip. I will tell my mom and friends that I had a bad dream last night and woke up on the floor. I know that they will believe it because it has happened before, though I haven’t hit my lip on the way down. 
...
“What in the heck happened to your lip?” Ava pulls me aside at lunch. “I saw it earlier, but didn’t want to bring it up in front of everyone.” 
I tell her my made--up story about hitting my lip when falling off the bed, and she doesn’t give it a second thought. I’m glad that everyone thinks I’m such a klutz that they don’t question my story. 
“Did you hear that Sally Hansen and a few of the football players never showed up to school today?” Mads asks as we join her and Damien. I shoot a look of concern at Damien. I want to ask him about last night, but I can’t chance someone hearing our conversation.  “I heard that she was so embarrassed about her purse that she didn’t want to show her face here again.” 
“I heard that she went to the carnival at the pier last night and got into a fight with some girl from another school. The football boys backed her up, but they ended up getting kicked out for fighting,” Ava responds. 
I sink into my thoughts, tuning them out. I just want to get a few minutes alone with Damien to ask him about last night. What really happened after I passed out? How did I get home without my parents freaking out at my injuries? I have never been in a fight before and I consider myself lucky to have gotten away with only a few bruises. 
I stop my hand from rubbing my temples. I took some medicine this morning, but my head is still throbbing. It will probably take me a few days to get back to normal. I excuse myself to the restroom, and Damien follows. 
Seeing this as my chance, I turn to him. “What happened last night?”
“I went looking for you after ten minutes. I found you in the back of the mirror maze tent passed out on the floor, so I took you home,” he says. 
“What happened to Sally and the football players?” I ask. 
“I don’t know; there was no one there but you when I got there,” he says.
“How did you get past my parents?” I ask. 
“They were in bed.” He shrugs and then turns to walk into the boys’ bathroom, leaving me staring at the wall.

Chapter 8
The high school auditorium is decorated with gold and black streamers, the color of our mascot. There are “Congratulations, Graduates” signs everywhere. Most parents and family members in the audience are holding flowers and balloons for their graduate. 
It’s supposed to be a happy occasion, but I’m sad. I’m one of the odd kids who actually likes going to school. I love to learn, which is why I’ve always been known as a bookworm, and probably why I got a job at the local library. 
The ceremony lasts a lifetime. Our school isn’t as big as an inner--city school, but there are still over two hundred graduates. Several students have a hard time sitting still through the entire two--and--a--half hour process. 
I’m thrilled to be called so I can stretch my legs. They hand us a fake diploma, and we pause to take some pictures. After the ceremony, we are supposed to pick up our real diploma in the office. They said this policy was in place to eliminate any pranks that were planned. 
A few years ago all of the boys in the graduating class mooned the audience after they were handed their real diplomas. There were several complaints to the office about graduation being ruined, so they changed the procedure to only allow you to pick up your diploma after the ceremony ended. I think this was smart on their part, but everyone else hates it. 
I keep eying Sally Hansen and the football players, during the ceremony. I can’t believe that they would show their faces for graduation. I avoid her after the closing speech. She is not worth wasting my breath on, and I will never have to see her again. 
 “Are you still planning on heading to the beach with us?” Ava and Mads had gotten a small group of students together to have a burning party at the beach. They said graduation symbolized freedom from school, so they wanted to burn their cap and gown. I had agreed to go with them; why am I really going to need with a bright yellow cap and gown in the future anyway? 
“Sure, is it okay if I ride with you? Mom and Dad insisted on driving me, so I don’t have my car.” I know that they’re sad and them offering me a ride is their way of spending more time with me. Our time together is coming to an end. They agreed to help me find my birth parents this summer, so we will be spending a lot of time looking for them, but I still will be heading off to college in the fall. 
“No problem.” We leave the bathroom, dressed and ready to go. 
I find Mom and Dad waiting for me in the hallway. Mom is holding flowers and a balloon. It’s a sweet gesture; I just hope she isn’t disappointed when I ask her to take them home with her. I don’t want to have to cart them around the beach. 
“Congratulations honey. You worked so hard and really deserve it.” Mom hands me the flowers. 
“We’re proud of you, Layla,” Dad chimes in. Mom bursts into tears when I give them a hug. 
“Thanks for the flowers; they’re beautiful. Would you mind taking them home with you, along with this?” I hand over my diploma, the real one. “I was heading off to the beach with Ava for the burning party.” There isn’t much that I hide from them. 
“What time will you be home?” Dad asks. I’m used to having to tell them everything about my life, where I’m going and who I’m with. 
“We’re having lunch there. I should be back by five,” I respond.
“Just give us a call if that changes,” Dad says. 
“Of course, Dad. I didn’t forget the rules.” I give them another quick hug before I leave to find Ava. 
“Are you looking for me?” The sexy voice makes me turn around. Of course, I already know that it belongs to Damien. 
“Actually, I was looking for Ava, but you’ll do.” I haven’t realized until now how tall Damien is. I’m medium height, and he towers over me enough that I have to look up to meet his eyes. 
“What are you doing after this?” he asks. 
“A group of us were headed off to the beach to burn our caps and gowns. I was looking for Ava to give me a ride. Do you wanna tag along? I know that you have to return your cap and gown, but it should still be fun.” What the heck, we’re friends now. He might as well come along for the ride. 
“It sounds like a blast. You can ride with me if you want to since I don’t know where I’m going.” 
Well, it makes sense that he would need directions since he’s new here. I’m sure that Ava wouldn’t mind.
“Sure, let me go find Ava and tell her. I’ll meet you out front in ten minutes,” I say, searching the crowd for her familiar face.
By the time I get out front, most of the cars are gone. Damien is leaned up against a shiny black sports car. He has changed his clothes. He looks amazing. He looks like he belongs in a magazine ad for some pretty enticing cologne. What is wrong with me? I’ve been able to mostly ignore his looks all week long, but suddenly it’s getting harder. 
“Ready to go?” He takes a few steps toward me and then opens the door. He’s a gentleman too, the total package. I’m starting to like Damien, but I want to get to know him more. I know that it doesn’t make any sense to get into a relationship the summer before college, but I feel a connection with him. 
The drive there leads us over some twisty ocean--view highway. It’s the perfect day for a drive and a walk along the beach. I can’t care less about the burning. I still haven’t decided if I’m going to burn my cap and gown. It’s a waste of money, but I know I won’t get any use out of keeping them. 
Maybe I can donate them back to the school for an underprivileged student next year. 
Damien parks next to the other cars. He pauses for a second and looks into my eyes. Suddenly his fingertips are running down my cheek; I feel a spark on my skin where he touches me. I have never felt this tingle from anyone before, including him. The first time we touched, I felt a warm buzz, and it’s grown hotter each time since. 
The world goes dark as my eyes flutter closed. I feel like I’m seeing through a bubble. There’s a woman, tall and slender, who looks to be in charge of things. She’s ordering people around. I feel like I’m on the outside looking in, like I’m a ghost. She has the most beautiful, long, and wavy brunette hair. She’s wearing a purple empire dress with a gold snake bracelet around her left bicep and a golden tiara. 
In her right hand is a tall staff with a blue stone. I’m so captivated with the stone that I’m surprised when I hear her talk. Her voice is silky and only recants one phrase “Azure Pendant.” Suddenly she’s staring right into my eyes, like she’s talking directly to me. With a jerk, my focus comes back to Damien’s eyes. 
He looks concerned when I finally recognize him. “Is everything all right? What’s going on, Lay?” I’m stunned for a moment, staring off at the students on the beach starting the fire, some already swimming in the ocean.
He grabs my shoulders, and my head lands on his chest. I take a second to collect my thoughts. My skin is burning everywhere he touches.  It’s an odd feeling. I only just met him earlier this week.
This is the first time I have heard sound in a vision. It’s so real; the last ones I had were of the past, and this one is different. I’m not sure what to think. 
Then I have the other issue that’s more pressing. A guy that I just met is holding me against his chest, like he’s protecting his most prized possession, and I like it. Well, I really like him. I haven’t let myself admit that yet.
Everywhere he touches me I get a feeling that starts off as a tingle, and then turns into a deep burning sensation, a need for his touch. To top it all off, I think it’s addictive; I want him to touch me more. 
Damien shifts rather quickly and pushes me away. “Sorry, I got carried away. I was just concerned for you. What happened?”
“It was nothing. I just got dizzy for a second. I’ll be okay. Thank you.” I try to pull myself together to face Ava and Mads on the beach, but I can’t help but focus on his touch. 
“Layla, you can trust me,” Damien says while looking into my eyes. I feel like I can see to the depth of his soul staring into his eyes; why is this the first time I have noticed it? It must be because I have allowed myself to admit that I like him. 
I want so badly to trust him. This is crazy; I just met him. No sane woman would trust a man that she just met. What’s going on with me lately? 
“Layla, what did you see?” Damien grabs hold of my biceps and gives me an impatient look.
“What are you talking about?” I question, as I put on my best confused face. How does he know that I’ve seen anything? I haven’t told anyone about my visions. 
“Your vision, what was it about?” Damien glances back and forth quickly. “Tell me now, Layla; we don’t have much time.”
How in the heck does he know I’m having visions? I don’t know what to think, but still, I feel like I can trust him anyway; he’s helped me before. There’s something going on here, and I’m going to get to the bottom of it. 
I decide that I won’t hold back from him. I need at least one person in my life who knows everything about me, who I can vent to. 
“I have never had a vision like it before. There was a tall, slim woman; she was ordering people around. She was wearing a purple dress, a snake bracelet that wrapped around her arm, a tiara, and she was holding a staff with a blue stone. I know it sounds weird, but she looked right at me and said ‘Azure Pendant’,” I recall.
Damien gasps. Once again he glances back and forth. “We have to go now; you’re in danger. We should have left sooner.” He puts the car in reverse and speeds out of the parking lot. My heart starts pounding faster.
“What’s going on? Where are you taking me?” I start to get concerned for my life. I mean, I just met the guy a few days ago. It’s not like I know anything about him. My panic subsides slightly; I still feel like I can trust him. 
“Just give me a minute. We have a tail,” Damien says.
This guy must be insane. Why in the world would someone follow us? It must be one of the students leaving the beach. 
I turn my head to look, and sure enough there’s a black SUV with the high beams on, following us. I look back at Damien, and he looks focused. Both hands are on the wheel; he’s staring straight ahead.
“Buckle your seat belt,” I look down and realize I hadn’t buckled my seat belt when he took off again. How does he know that without looking? Is this guy psychic or something?
“All right Damien, I want some answers and I want them now,” I buckle my seat belt without taking my eyes off him. Suddenly the car takes a ninety degree turn that it shouldn’t have been able to make. 
I’m flung against the center console, thankful that my seat belt has caught me. Thank goodness Damien’s a good driver at high speeds!
“What’s going on? Who found me? What do they want with me? I haven’t broken any laws.” Seriously, I’m about to open the door and jump out if Damien doesn’t tell me what’s going on.
“Did you feel it? The tingling sensation when I touched you earlier?” How does he know? I haven’t told him that his touch causes a tingling or burning sensation. 
“Should I take that as a ‘yes’?” he responds to my silence.
“How did you know? And why aren’t you answering my questions?” I am truly freaked out right now. Damien knows more about this situation than he’s letting on and I want answers. 
“This is going to sound weird, but I’m a Protector. I was sent to this realm to find you,” he says.
“What? Why were you sent to find me? Is that why you were in all of my classes and wanted to hang out? Where did you come from?” I look at my fingernails, trying to wrap my head around what he is saying. Besides, what in the heck is a Protector?
“I’m your Protector. I’m here to protect you; I will give up my life to keep you safe.” I nearly laugh inside until I turn to see his face. He looks dead serious. No way, he’s going to protect me with his life? 
“What do I need protection from?” The car suddenly comes to a stop.
“We’re here; let’s go.” He pushes me toward the door, so I get out and he’s already around the car grabbing my arm, dragging me into the woods. I look around and don’t see a single car or person in sight. Damien must have lost our tail.
I’m starting to get worried. How do I know that he’s not dragging me into the woods to rape and murder me? 
I look at Damien’s muscular back and catch a whiff of what smells like fresh flowers mixed with water. There’s a stream ahead but I don’t see any flowers. I stumble on a log and Damien’s strong arms catch me, his reflexes way too fast to be natural. 
“We’re almost there,” Damien says. He turns around and picks up the pace. 
“Almost where? Where are we going?” I ask. Why won’t he tell me what’s going on? I plant my feet, refusing to go any further. 
“Look, Layla, we either go now or we get caught, tortured, and then murdered. That’s how the Dark does it, in that order,” Damien says.
“Who is the Dark? And how do I know that you aren’t going to do the same thing?” I ask. 
“I’ll explain when we get there.” Damien pulls hard on my arm. I’m yanked off my feet and pulled through the air. I land face--first into the freezing stream. I open my mouth to scream and only succeed in swallowing a mouthful of water. 
Within a few seconds Damien is pulling me by the arm, swimming underwater. My lungs begin to sting in the ice--cold water. We break the surface, both gasping for air. 
The air feels much lighter, easier to breathe. It smells cleaner. I can’t explain it, but it feels right. Like everything has clicked into place. 
Damien still has my arm in his grasp, dragging me toward the bank. I take a look around. The atmosphere has a sense of familiarity. I feel like I’ve been here before, but I can’t remember. What’s the term—déjà vu?
My feet hit the ground, and Damien releases my arm. For the first time I realize we have gone from noon to dusk. Whatever we swam through isn’t your typical stream. 
“I know a place we can go to get cleaned up that’s safe.” Damien takes off, walking toward the woods. I follow behind with sopping wet clothes. 
Confusion and fear must be evident on my face. I want to go home, but don’t know how to get there, so I reluctantly follow him because, deep down inside, I know that he won’t hurt me. 

Chapter 9
I look around and see nothing but the forest. The sky is a brighter blue than it was back home. The grass seems to be greener, nearly neon green. The trees seem taller, and more vibrant. There is more moss growing in the forest. 
We walk for a good fifteen minutes before we hit a clearing and I see a field of flowers; the flowers had the same scent as the ones I smelled before we swam through the stream.
A cabin lies straight ahead. It’s a typical cabin constructed out of logs, with a rustic design that blends into the forest. As we approach, there isn’t a sound to be heard, except the chirping of the crickets and singing of the birds. 
Damien opens the door to a wide living space. There is a couch and a loveseat around the coffee table. The colors in the cabin are neutral, not too dark, and not too light. It has an open kitchen, which you can see from the front door. After drying off with towels in silence, we settle onto the couch to talk about the events of recent. 
“I’m sure you’re wondering why you are here.” Damien looks deeply into my eyes. I don’t know what to think. I have come to view Damien as a friend, but sometimes I think there’s something more there. 
“Where am I?” This place is familiar, like I’ve been here before. 
“We are in the Zeather Realm. There has been a prophecy, about you. It stated that the most powerful Suppliant of all time shall come to power through the Azure Pendant. You are that Suppliant.” Damien stares into my face.
What in the heck is he talking about? It seems like he really believes this. What is a Suppliant?
“But what is a Suppliant? How can I be in a prohpecy?” I’m confused. How can I be in a different realm? I have never heard these terms outside of a fiction book before. I don’t know what to believe, but my instincts tell me that I can believe Damien. Should I follow my instincts? What if they lead me astray?
“A Suppliant is a magical creature with special powers. A Suppliant is born to use her powers to keep the balance of the Light and Dark... You are a Suppliant, Layla. You are the one, the Suppliant of the prophecy,” Damien says. How does he know for sure? How does he know that I am a Suppliant? Don’t you think I would know before someone else?
“How are you sure?” I ask. It’s the only thing I can spit out at the time. 
“I am your Protector, Layla. The Protector’s job is to help and support a Suppliant in her mission. A Suppliant is known to the Protector by an unusual tension; when we touch, there’s a craving ignited.” Damien runs his hand along my cheek, down my neck. “Do you feel it, Layla?” he asks.
Fireworks go off. His touch creates a tingling sensation that leaves a trail. My eyes instantly close, and I can picture his lips traveling that path, across my cheek, down my neck. 
What in the heck is happening to me? I have felt warmth coming from him before, but never like this. Every time he touches me it gets stronger and stronger. 
“That is how you know I am the Suppliant from the prophecy?” I question, as I subconsciously touch his hand. As I wrap my fingers around his, I feel the burning desire again and can only think about more. I want more. 
Then a thought brings me back. Damien must be telling the truth; I feel it. Everything he said must be right. I instantly believe him. 
Damien jerks back and looks at the floor. “Layla, I feel it too. I need to protect you, but we have to fight it.” His eyes run up my body until they meet mine.  
“Focus on your mission to find the Azure Pendant.” His eyes are intense. But, what about my real life? I need to get back; I need to find my parents. 
I have to work over the summer, and my parents will be worried sick. Not to mention that I’m supposed to go off to college in the fall. I don’t have time to sidetrack my life while I go on an adventure. My mind won’t slow down; it’s in a panic.
“I have to go. I need to get back. I need to find my real parents, I need to work, and I need to save money for college. This is going to have to be solved by someone else.” I suddenly feel panicked. 
There’s no way I can handle this; I have a real life that I have to live. I can’t take his word for it. I stand up and take off toward the door as panic courses through my veins. 
I’m reaching for the handle when Damien’s hand lands on the door, preventing me from opening it. I turn around, ready to bite his head off, but he’s looking at me with solemn eyes.
“Please, just wait a second. You don’t have all the information yet.” 
I’m lost in thought. This must be important to him.
Damien turns toward the couch and I follow, willing to at least hear him out. I’m silently pleading for my heart to slow down a few beats. “Have a seat. Let me explain some things to you, and then you can make your choice.” 
I look at him and nod as he continues, “First off, time moves differently here. One year in this realm is about a minute on Earth.” His admission makes my mouth fall open. How is that possible? 
“Also you will age here the same as you would on Earth’s timeline, so one year’s aging here is the same as only one minute of aging on Earth. I know this is new to you, and I’m sure it’s scary; just let me explain.” How am I just supposed to accept what he’s telling me? 
“I’m your Protector. I’m supposed to help you find the Azure Pendant. I will protect you with my life from the Dark Queen while you’re searching for it.” He grabs my hand, the familiar burning turning to tingling within a few moments.
Why would I need him to protect me with his life? What’s going on here? Is he talking about magic? There’s no such thing as magic. Don’t get me wrong, I love fiction books. That doesn’t mean I believe in magic. Why do I need to get this necklace; why is it important? Isn’t there someone else who can get it? My thoughts are swirling through my mind. 
“There’s someone that I want you to meet. She is a powerful sorceress. She can answer all your questions.” Damien drops my hand and abruptly stands. The questions are left on the tip of my tongue. 
“Do you know how to ride a horse?” He asks looking over his shoulder at me, changing the subject abruptly.
“No. I’ve never ridden a horse before, but I’m a very quick learner,” I say. I don’t know why I trust him enough to answer him, but I do. I guess I’ll have to trust my instincts from now on. 
“Right this way,” he says with a Cheshire cat grin.

Chapter 10
I look back and forth as we walk to a stable. The woods here are stunning and smell so sweet; I wouldn’t mind staying here little longer. I hear birds tweeting, and I look around to see a robin sitting on a branch staring at me as if he is smiling, as if he knows something about me. 
I feel a prickling on the back of my neck and jerk my head around looking for anything that’s out of place. I look forward again, and I see that Damien has a grim look on his face.
“It’s a shapeshifter, the bird. We call it a Morphon. He can become anything. That’s why it gives you the creeps. It’s more than an animal; it’s like a human,” he says. 
How does he always know what I’m thinking? We must really be connected in a way that I don’t understand. That train of thought slips from my head as we turn the corner to the stable. 
Two beautiful, shiny horses are neighing and eating hay. Damien walks up and strokes the brown horse’s back. It has a beautiful white mane and tail, and dark brown eyes.
“This is Bronco,” he states, pointing to the brown horse. “And this is Silver.” He points to the other one. “She’ll be your horse.” He runs his fingers through Silver’s mane. She’s beautiful, all white with bright blue eyes and a silver mane and tail.
“She’s been waiting on you; she’s a Starlight. They’re special horses that have the ability to find their owner anywhere. She’s not claimed yet; you will have to claim her.” Damien grabs my hand, pulls a small knife out of his pocket, and, before I know it, has sliced open my finger. Blood trickles down my finger into my palm.
“Now look into her eyes and call her; say her name. Then press your hand to her lips. You will know it took when she starts bucking. The process will be complete when she stops. Then she will be yours and you will be hers.”
Is he serious? I have to claim her? 
“You will be able to find each other anywhere, and she will know what you need. It takes a few minutes to claim her, so you’ll want to get started.” 
I’m focusing intently on my finger; when I look up, Damien is leading Bronco out of the stable.
I turn back around, and Silver is standing too close for comfort. I look deeply into her eyes, and my instincts take over. I call her name, “Silver.” I touch her lips with my bloody finger, and she sticks her tongue out to lick it. It’s an odd sensation. Her tongue feels like a cat’s tongue, but it’s as long as a dog’s.
Suddenly, she’s bucking like crazy, like she’s in pain. I want to help her, but am not sure how. I just watch her for what feels like an eternity, but can only have been a few seconds. She looks right at me, as if pleading for mercy. The longer she looks at me, the worse I feel. 
I’m getting dizzy on my feet, my head is aching, and I feel as if I’m going to collapse. I do the only thing I can and reach toward her. The second my fingers stroke her silver mane, she calms down. 
It’s as if I’m taking some of her pain away. I feel a sense of understanding, as if she knows what I want, and I know everything about her. My stomach settles. 
She bends down, bowing to me. I know, instinctively, that she’s accepting me and offering me a ride. I have claimed her. My heart swells with love for this creature. 
I walk toward her and swing my leg over her back, and she stands. I pet her mane, as she walks out of the stable.
...
“So you did it, and it didn’t take long, less than two minutes,” Damien says, looking at his watch. His surprise and excitement are radiating from him, now atop Bronco.
“So is Bronco your Starlight?” It only seems logical, seeing as I get Silver. 
“No, only Suppliants get Starlights. Silver has been waiting for over 600 years for you. There was another Suppliant, about fifty years ago, that people thought was the Suppliant from the prophecy. It turned out, that she couldn’t claim Silver. She was killed in the process.” Damien looks down at his reins, as if this is hard for him to talk about.
“Did you know she wasn’t the right Suppliant? Why do people think she was?” I think about it for a second, and suck in a breath when I realize. “You thought you were her Protector?”
“Yes, I thought I was her Protector. That’s why people thought she was the Suppliant from the prophecy.” Silver stops walking for a moment; I look at Damien.
“How do you know I’m the Suppliant from the prophecy if you thought she was?” I could just be another Suppliant, but not the one that the prophecies spoke of. There has to be a way to know.
“You passed the test; you claimed Silver. She was identified by the Light Queen as the Starlight to the Suppliant from the prophecy. Whoever claimed Silver was the Suppliant from the prophecy,” he says, still looking at the ground. 
“Why didn’t you tell me it was dangerous, and the last Suppliant died trying to claim Silver? That could have been me,” I shout at him. I’m not sure why but I feel betrayed. I feel like he should have told me that. I look at him, and tears well up in my eyes.
Damien looks at me like there’s something he wants to tell me. Before I can comment, Damien looks at the ground and pulls back on his reins. Bronco starts trotting, and Silver follows. 
My answers will have to wait.

Chapter 11
Most of the ride is silent, which leaves me with a lot of time to think.
Still curious, who do I need protection from? Who is the Dark Queen? How am I supposed to find the Pendant? What does the Pendant do anyway? Why am I so connected to Damien? My mind is spinning in a whirlwind. I’m unsure what to think. I’ve too many unanswered questions right now to consider this. 
Yet, I keep getting this nagging feeling that Damien’s telling me the truth. It may not be the whole truth, but it’s the truth that he knows. Every time I look at Damien, I feel comforted. 
I know he said we have a connection because he is my Protector, but I wonder where this relationship would lead. Are we supposed to be together? Could we be together? Have Protectors and Suppliants in the past been together romantically? How does this fit in with my plans to go to college?
There is something about Damien that gets to me. I glance up at him, and wonder why he has a five o’clock shadow, if we aren’t supposed to age in this realm. 
I had figured that meant your hair wouldn’t grow either, but I guess it does. Maybe he already had the five o’clock shadow before and I never noticed it; that must be it. 
I hear the birds chirping in the background, and it reminds me of the Morphon. I wonder what other creatures are out there that I’m unaware of. 
I’m having trouble wrapping my mind around the difference in time. It’s hard for me to believe that I could be gone for years and only lose minutes on earth. What am I supposed to tell my parents and friends?
I feel Silver tense up under me. I’m immediately on high alert. Warning bells are going off in my head; there must be a reason she’s tense. I whisper for Damien, but he’s too far away to hear me.
Out of the corner of my eye, I catch a shadow. I glance that way, but there’s nothing in sight. I can’t shake the feeling that something is wrong. I decide to trust my instincts and stay on high alert.
A prickling sensation runs up my spine and down through my shoulders, and out my fingertips. My chest tightens, and my breathing becomes labored. Panic sets in. 
Why is my body reacting this way? It was just a shadow; I shouldn’t be this scared. 
“Damien!” I shout. His head begins to turn when I see it again. The same shadow, the same robin. This time, it flies so close, I can see every feather. 
It grows in size, from mere inches, to a two--foot wingspan. His bright orange beak is more jagged than it should have been. His claws become sharp, pointy talons that can rip a person to shreds. This transformation happens in a few seconds, completing only when he flies past. 
Instinctively I know it will be back. I also know that the next time it will cause damage. My heart speeds up again, adrenaline pumping through my system. I know that either I trust my instincts or I will get hurt. 
“Go, as fast as you can! Silver can take you there,” Damien shouts as he circles back, catching a glimpse of the creature. 
I dig my heels into Silver’s side as she darts to the north. After about twenty feet I decide to take a peek at Damien and see how he’s faring. 
As I turn, I catch a glimpse of him wielding two short knives, one in each hand. The handles are an emerald green, with big opal stones. They have a black intricate design that goes from the blade all the way down the handle. 
He looks like a warrior, a Protector—my Protector. For the moment I accept what he has told me as the truth, but that doesn’t matter if Damien doesn’t survive. 
Silver stops as I watch Damien slicing into thin air, half a second late every time. The robin swoops back down, gnashing his talons, and catching Damien’s shoulder. I can see the pained look on his face.
Anger wells up inside me; I feel protective. I don’t want anything to happen to Damien; it would be my fault. What would I do? He’s the only person here that I trust, the only person here that I know. If something happens to him, how will I find my way back home? I would be stuck in this strange world for who knows how long. 
I focus on the anger, letting it build. Although I’m not sure what to do, I stare at the bird. Suddenly I feel heat burning from my chest. It’s spreading out, down my arms and through my fingertips. 
I push my hands toward the robin with open palms, as if telling him to stop. I feel a pulse leaving me and head toward the robin. I can see a ripple in the air. 
It hits Damien, leaving him unfazed—like he didn’t even notice. A few seconds later, it hits the robin. Its limbs start contorting, twisting, and turning in all directions. It lets out a hideous squawk, begging for its life. 
Then it falls, crumpled to the ground. It lays unmoving as Damien stares. He turns his head and gives me questioning gaze. 
“What did you do?” he shouts. I am still at least thirty feet away from him. 
“I don’t know. It just happened. One minute I was angry, the next minute I couldn’t stop it. What was that?” Feeling scared of myself and not wanting to talk about it, I turn and dig my heel into Silver. She takes off, full speed ahead. I can’t help but think what a good companion Silver is to have at the moment. Oddly enough, Silver neighs in response. 
…
It doesn’t take long to get to the castle; Damien knocks stiffly on the door. I take the opportunity to look around. It’s a castle like you might see in Ireland on Earth. It has towers on each corner. The wooden door is laced with a delicate design; it looks like tribal symbols. Each symbol is colored grey, and they interlace.
“Can I help you?” questions a burly voice. A set of dull blue eyes with thick, bushy eyebrows peers at us. 
“My name is Damien; I’m here to see the Queen,” he says.
“What took you so long? The Queen has been waiting; she doesn’t like to wait.” His intimidation techniques don’t quite work on me. For some reason, I don’t care whether the Queen likes to wait. I’m here to find out what’s really going on, and then I’m out of here. 
The wooden door slowly rises up; Bronco and Damien enter, leaving me and Silver to follow. The first thing I notice is a stable boy waiting to take our horses. We hop down to hand over the reins. With a quick pat on Silver’s mane, I turn to follow Damien. I can’t help but become attached to her. 
It feels like I’m walking into a dream. The castle is exactly how it was in my vision. It has the same banners hanging on the walls and the same colossal chair in the center of the room. The staff members are sitting where I pictured them. 
The woman, wearing the same purple dress that was in my vision, with the beautiful long, wavy brunette is there to meet us. I notice the gold snake bracelet around her left bicep and the golden tiara that I saw in my vision. In her right hand is a tall staff with a blue stone. 
I realize I’m staring as we get closer. I totally zone out; my attention is brought back when Damien elbows me in the ribs. She must have been talking to me. 
“Queen Merona, this is Layla Sanders.” I glance over at Damien when he speaks. Damien takes a bow, so I figure I might as well curtsy. After all, she is a queen. 
“Layla, it’s a pleasure to meet face to face. Glad to see you haven’t been peeking anymore.” My face instantly heats up; I’m sure if I could look in the mirror it would be bright red. 
“Peeking? I . . . wasn’t peeking,” I mumble. She must be talking about the vision. Doesn’t she know that I can’t control my visions?
“It doesn’t matter now; come join us for cup of tea. We’ve been expecting you,” the Queen says.
“I need some answers. I’m not sure what I’m doing here,” I respond, following her.
“Please sit. I’ll explain everything,” she says. I follow Damien to an elegant table with a white damask table runner. It’s solid oak and stained with a beautiful cherry color. 
There’s a big gray vase centerpiece filled with fragrant white flowers. I catch a whiff of the scent and feel calmer. I take a seat and ponder my questions while waiting patiently. Queen Merona pours each of us a cup of tea. 
After sliding my cup toward me with a tray of cream and sugar, she speaks. “What questions do you have, my dear?”
“Damien said we’re in a different realm. Where are we?” I ask the first of many questions. 
“Aw, that’s easy dear. We are in Zeather. It is a realm different from Earth.” She smiles, pleased with herself. 
“What exactly is a Realm? Are you talking about magic?” I question, feeling like I’ve landed smack dab in the middle of a Disney film.
“Why, of course, dear, there’s magic all around us. A realm is a place like Earth, where creatures live. Zeather is the Magical Realm. Abais is the Vampire and Wolf Realm. Jorid is the Demon Realm, and Geroda, also known as the Curtain, is the Spirit Realm. Since you are a creature of magic, you can visit any realm through the portals. But be advised, no one has ever returned from the behind the Curtain.” 
I stare at her as if she has grown five heads. What in the heck is she talking about? There are vampires and werewolves? What is this about demons?
“Creatures?” I squeak. Is all of the folklore on Earth true? Are there really all of these scary creatures?
A soothing smile crosses her face. “My, you do have a lot to learn. There are other creatures of magic, possibly every one you’ve heard of in mortal fiction, and more. There are creatures such as Witches, Warlocks, Vampires, Lycans, Griffins, Sirens, and Shapeshifters, known as Morphons here. Unfortunately all of the Mermaids were hunted to extinction,” the Queen says. There’s something extremely soothing about her voice that makes me want to just accept everything that she’s saying. 
“There are also other creatures, similar to Witches and Warlocks, that hold special purposes. Of course, there are Suppliants, such as you. And Protectors for those Suppliants. There are Bartrons and Manipulators, that I’m sure you’re unaware of too. You will learn these things with time, my dear.” She looks at my face, and I’m certain that she sees confusion. How long will it take to find this Pendant so I can find my real parents and go home?
“Don’t worry your pretty little self about that, my dear. You’re here to find the Azure Pendant,” the Queen responds, as if she has heard my thoughts. 
“What’s so important about this necklace? Why does everyone keep saying I have to find it? What happened to it?” The questions won’t stop. I can’t help but keep asking them, though I know that it’s bad manners to bombard the Queen with questions. 
“The Azure Pendant is the most powerful tool known to the universe. All realms are constantly battling over it. Its location is not currently known, but you need to find it. If the Pendant is worn, it comes with all of the knowledge in the universe. As you probably know by now, if this Pendant falls into the wrong hands, we will all suffer,” the Queen says.
“What makes you think I can find it?” I ask. She laughs instantaneously; it’s like she knew it was coming, and the answer should have been so apparent.
“Because, my dear, you are the Suppliant, the one from the prophecy. You will find the Azure Pendant for the Light side,” she responds.
“Is there another Suppliant that can do this? I’m not sure I’m right for the job. I don’t know what it looks like.” I don’t know who I am right now. The more I’m finding out, the more I just want to get home and forget this ever happened. Isn’t it bad enough that Damien had to save my life from the people tailing us by bringing me here?
“There is no other Suppliant. Your mother passed it down to you, which in itself is a miracle. It is very rare that Suppliants replicate, and if they do, they can only produce one Suppliant, because suppliants tend to live longer than other supernaturals do,” she replies. Great. That means that I’m special. I hate to be the center of attention.
At least I know that my mom was a Suppliant. This is the first hint I’ve had about my birth parents, and it comes from this strange place. I really want to find my parents. 
If what they are saying is true, that the Pendant will give the wearer all of the knowledge in the entire universe, then I have to find it. It can help me find my birth parents. 
I was planning on starting the search tomorrow, but why not start now? It seems that Damien has given me a reason to look for this Pendant and a way to find my true parents. If he’s right about the time difference, I can get back and still have all summer before I go to college to relax and find myself after I’ve found my parents. 
“How do I find it?” I ask, deciding to find the Pendant. I catch Damien stiffening his back out of the corner of my eye. 
“Don’t get ahead of yourself, my dear. You need to be trained first. I’m sure if you go into battle right now, it would be hard to survive, even with the Protector,” the Queen says, motioning to Damien. It makes sense. I have never been in a fight and have no idea how to actually punch someone. 
“When can I get started training?” I ask as the anticipation builds. My stomach is turning over, bringing hot water to my mouth. I’m going to do this. I can find my parents. 
“If you’ll excuse me, I would like to speak to Damien alone,” Queen Merona says. I give a nod and stand. I follow the staff out to the lobby and find a cozy chair. I wonder what they are discussing. I guess I will have to wait and see.

Chapter 12
The trip to The Isle, where they’ve decided I should train, takes a full day, giving me plenty of time to think about Damien. More like fantasize. I can’t get him out of my head. Every time I try to think of the beauty of this realm, his face creeps back in. 
As soon as the sun sets, we choose a place to bunk down for the night. Damien makes a fire to keep us warm. The guards sent with us from Queen Merona take turns being on the lookout. 
Damien sleeps so close to my sleeping bag that I can hear his breathing and smell his breath. It’s nerve--racking. Here I am trying to focus on finding this Pendant and getting home and all I can think about is Damien. 
Silver neighs as we break over the mountain path, and the ocean comes into view, her pulse quickening with every step. I can smell the salty breeze. The wind catches my hair and blows it across my face. It smells like home. 
“We are almost there, just another few miles,” one of the Queen’s guards proclaims. The excitement courses through my chest; I feel like my heart is going to explode. 
The ride downhill goes a lot faster than climbing the mountain. Before I know it, we’re a few meters away from a boat, the boat that’s going to get us to The Isle, I assume. 
“All aboard; she ain’t much, but she will still float. It’s about a four--mile ride. It shouldn’t take but an hour. Before you know it we’ll be there,” the captain says. He looks more like a hillbilly than a captain. He has on a pair of worn blue jean overalls and a pipe sticking out of his mouth. He looks to be at least seventy years old, with gray hair peppering his head. He resembles Popeye, sans muscles. 
The “boat” is too small for my liking. It’s a wooden rowboat that seats six. It used to be painted white, but the sun and the surf have marred its shell. 
“Of course, if I have an extra person to paddle, we can make it in thirty minutes.” The captain looks around, waiting for a volunteer. 
I take his lead and glance at every person in our party. Queen Merona has sent ten men to escort. I get the feeling that she and Damien have talked about our Morphon attack on the way to the castle, which is what has prompted her to send so many guards. 
My gaze falls upon Damien, a sense of pleading in my eyes. I want to get this over with as soon as possible. 
When we left the castle, Damien informed me we were headed to The Isle. He said that in order to train at The Isle, I would be tested. They need to know I have enough power. 
Knowing that test--taking is not my strong suit, anxiety overcomes me. It fills my stomach with butterflies and my palms with sweat. 
“I volunteer,” Damien’s voice pronounces. A sense of relief washes over me. Thank goodness. I want to get this over with already. 
I take a few moments to pet Silver and say goodbye. I’m not sure when I will see her again.
…
“Layla? Layla Sanders?” a perky blonde’s voice asks. 
“Here,” I say, standing.
“Follow me,” the perky blonde says, holding a clipboard. She’s wearing business casual and looks like a secretary. Before I can ask her name, she turns on her high heels and scurries off.
I look at Damien, who gives me a tight smile and turns to follow her. Damien’s smile does nothing for my nerves at the moment. 
The blonde ushers me into a large circular room. It has beautiful hardwood floors and tall Victorian windows which look upon The Isle and sea. There’s a group of Evaluators sitting behind what resembles a judge’s bench. There are six in all, staring at me with a grim look. 
“Presenting Layla Sanders.” The perky blonde turns and points her hand at me, open palm facing the ceiling. I can’t help but think that it’s such an elegant gesture for someone with no manners. I can’t believe she hasn’t introduced herself. Maybe she does that to everyone who she thinks won’t pass the test. 
“That is all, Miss Rapson.” One of the evaluators speaks up as the perky blonde slides out of the room. At least I know her name now. 
“State your name.” 
I’m not sure which one is speaking, but it doesn’t matter. They’re all at least twenty feet away and looking down at their papers. My mom would have had a heart attack at the lack of pleasantries exchanged here. 
“Layla Sanders,” I say. 
“Your occupation?” The Isle of Monotone should be its nickname. These evaluators are all seriousness, and I still can’t tell which one is speaking. 
“Student,” I state. I’m too young to have any other occupation. 
“Place of origin?” A voice speaks up. 
“Earth,” I say, causing a few heads to snap up. 
“Your categorization,” one evaluator asks. 
“My what?” I don’t mean to be rude; it just kind of slips out. All of the evaluators look at me and then at each other. Confusion seems to be a common theme in the room at the moment. 
“Are you trained?” someone asks. 
“That’s what I thought I was here for.” I look to each one of them individually, not sure if it really matters. I feel very confused; my eyelids start to get droopy. My limbs are tingling. I have a sudden urge to sleep. The darkness takes me as my head hits the floor. 
...
My eyes open to find Damien’s face a few inches away. 
“What happened? Did I fall asleep? Does that mean I’m not in?” I ask. 
Damien rolls his eyes. By now he’s used my never--ending questions about this crazy new existence of mine. 
“Evaluators have special skills like you and me. They put you to sleep to test you. Since you’re unknowledgeable, it was too risky to perform the test while you were awake. You know, just in case you aren’t powerful enough to make it in. Don’t worry; you did make it in,” Damien says, to my relief. 
The sense of pride swells up within me at his words. I made it in, me, Layla Sanders. I think back to the ride here when Damien told me that less than two percent of the magical population has enough power to make it into The Isle for training. 
Damien also told me that The Isle is an elite training facility, focused on specialization, protected by the Council. It’s considered one of the safest places in all of the Realms. 
The Council is in charge of all the magical stuff. They mainly stay in the Zeather Realm. They live in a city called Corinth. They’re the regulators, the people who make sure that the Light and Dark are balanced. 
Damien said it would be catastrophic if either Light or Dark took more power; there has to be a balance. I imagine it’s like the yin and the yang. 
The perky blonde pops her head into my view. “Right this way, please. I’ll show you to your rooms.”
I tuck my hand into Damien’s offered one as he pulls me to my feet. As soon as our hands make contact, I feel overwhelmed. 
I’m in a magical realm, filled with magical people, and I have magical powers. My parents are magical. I’m on a mission to find some mysterious pendant. Why on Earth did I agree to all of this? I guess I should change the saying to “why in the Realms did I agree to this?”
A new sense of need fills me. I feel my power well up in my chest. The look on Damien’s face tells me that he feels it too. I glance at him as his eyes widen. He pulls me to his chest and brings his lips to my ear. “Not here, squelch it. Think about something else,” he whispers, knowing that I’m about to lose control of my power. 
The need is racing inside me; I can feel it in my blood. I need to find this necklace, the Azure Pendant. 
My sudden rush of power must have something to do with my being tested. Maybe they brought more to the surface that I didn’t know was there. Who am I kidding? I didn’t know that I had power until a day ago. 
“What else am I supposed to think about?” I whisper back. All of this thinking is not helping. I can feel it getting stronger. It feels like my chest is going to explode.  
“Me.” His lips crush down on mine. His hands slide around to my lower back and press me into him. Another need starts to take over; passion starts ebbing in. It pushes back my power, until there is nothing left but the burning sensation running all over my body. He feels my power subside and pulls away from me. 
The second he lets go my hand, I feel like I’ve lost something. It feels like my heart is missing a little piece. I’m trying to swallow my tears when the perky blonde clears her throat and takes off. 
At least Damien did the trick. I will have to remember that next time I start to lose control. Damien can help me reel in my power by distracting me. 
She heads back through the entrance that we had already been through, and around a corner and to the left. She takes us down a long hallway; it’s beautiful. They have Victorian windows, the same style as the ones in the training room, facing the ocean. 
I stop for a moment to look out the window; I can see for miles from up here. It looks like we are five stories up, and I can see the rock jutting out from underneath the building. Over the edge of the cliff is the same vibrant green grass, leading to an open area, like a meadow. Further down lies more cliff peaks, and then nothing but open ocean. 
As I walk down the hallway, I can’t help thinking about how beautiful this place is. It has granite floors that have a swirly patter, with light tan and other colors. It has large arched ceilings with crystal chandeliers hanging every fifteen feet. The hallway is a tan color, with white crown molding. It looks stunning and elegant. 
We turn the corner and enter an area that is clearly housing. There’s a sitting area in the middle, complete with sofas, chairs, end tables, and a fireplace. There are doors on each side. We walk for a few minutes, seeing several living areas that are identical. 
The perky blonde comes to a stop. Reaching out, she unlocks the plain door. 
“These two conjoining rooms are yours. You can choose who gets which room. You will share the bathroom,” she says. Reaching out, she hands Damien the keys and walks away. 
Damien looks at me. “It’s your choice. Which room would you like?” 
“This one is fine,” I say. It happens to be the adjoining room on the left; the other room is to the right, and the bathroom is between the two. He hands me the key and turns to walk into his room. 

Chapter 13
“Orientation starts in fifteen minutes.” The perky blonde, once again, reappears. Apparently it’s all she has to say, because she walks away after the announcement. I’m still standing in the hallway trying to unlock my door. 
Our newly purchased bags of brand--new clothes are sitting in the hallway when we arrive, compliments of Queen Merona. I can’t wait for a hot shower and a hot meal. The test took up a lot more energy than I thought it would. 
I walk into the room to find it less spectacular than the rest of The Isle’s architecture. It’s a plain white room with a dresser, a nightstand, a desk with a wooden chair, and a twin--sized bed shoved in the corner. It looks like a typical dorm room. 
The best part of the drab--looking room is the small window. I walk up to it and my breath catches at the view. 
At least I will have something to look at when I get bored, I sigh. I pick up my suitcase and get to work unpacking my new wardrobe. 
Five minutes later, barely enough time to unpack my underwear drawer, Damien is knocking on my outer door. 
“Come on in,” I say. “Hey where did Merona get all of these clothes? They look like the perfect size. How did she know what size I wear?” My back is to him and I’m still unpacking my bags when he comes in.
The door clicks shut without a word, and suddenly he’s very close. I can feel him breathing on the back of my neck and realize that I’m holding up a set of intimates. Crap, he must be looking at my new undies. 
Damien’s hands keep me from turning around after I shove the underwear in the drawer. The now familiar warm heat starts to radiate from my shoulders where his hands are placed. 
I feel the brush of lips against my neck, and it sends out fire like waves all over my body. Trying hard not to think about us being alone together in an empty room, I close the drawer and take a step toward the dresser. 
When I turn around, his eyes meet mine. I can see the raw passion and need there. It’s the same need pushing its way through my body now.
It makes me melt. He wants me. It’s a simple truth; our friendship is not enough anymore. I can feel his need, as if it is my own. It must have something to do with the visions I have been having lately. This magical stuff is too confusing for me. 
I brush off the thought as his arms come around me. Fire is burning bright through my veins, as fireworks are exploding behind my closed lids. It’s all too much to handle. 
A picture pops into my mind. I feel another vision coming on. The background is dark; it looks like we’re in a cave. There’s no sound, just a pendant. I have the distinct feeling that it’s the Azure Pendant. 
It has a delicate silver chain attached to it. It’s shaped like a teardrop. It’s the most intense blue I’ve ever seen. The color is spectacular; I could lose myself in the ocean of blue. The Azure gem is secured to the pendant by silver tribal designs that wrap around the top of the teardrop gem. 
It looks extremely delicate, but I have a feeling it isn’t. It feels like this Pendant is part of me; I know what it’s capable of, and the power that it holds. It’s like a siren, pulling me closer, begging me to touch it. I know that I have to find it.
When I come too, Damien is pulled back staring at me with shock. 
“You saw the Pendant? Do you know how rare that is? Very few have seen the Pendant. Are you sure that was it?” Damien’s questions bombard me. 
“How do you know that? I get the feeling that you’re inside my head sometimes. What is going on?” Anger wells up inside me; he’s not telling me everything, and I plan on hearing the whole truth, whether he likes it or not. 
“It’s part of being a Protector. Once we make the initial contact, our connection grows; it gets stronger, until we can communicate telepathically. Pretty cool, huh?” Damien smirks at me. 
“Not really. I mean I like you and all, but I’m not ready for you to hear all of my thoughts. Plus it creeps me out you can see my visions. You know, if you asked I would tell you all about them. Just stay out of my head,” I say, recoiling from him.
“What’s gotten into you? One minute you’re warm, the next minute you’re cold. Why the sudden change of heart?” This infuriates me; I don’t need Damien questioning me. 
I’m not ready for him to hear see my visions and hear my thoughts. Besides, it’s not fair that I can’t hear his.
I’m here to get the Pendant and go home. I need to find my parents to do that. I’m not sure why Damien and I have this connection, and it clouds my brain every time I get around him. I don’t want it. 
If this is what it means to have a Protector, I would rather not have one. Besides I don’t know anything about Damien, and he already knows more about me than my best friends do.
Frustrated, I push Damien away and turn to gaze out the window. I’m on the verge of telling him that I need time to think. When I turn, he’s not there, and the bathroom door is open. 
...
Surprisingly, Damien doesn’t show up for orientation. Not that it matters. There are only five students in orientation with me. Apparently, orientation happens once a month, and enrollment is never very high, being that magical abilities are in less than two percent of the population. 
I’m directed to the office. The first place on our tour, The Isle’s main office is what I would expect from a college campus. It’s cozy. It has plush carpet floors in a beige color. There’s a couch and loveseat set up in the lobby with a coffee table between the two. Past that is the front desk. 
There are several desks scattered throughout the room. Toward the back is a larger open area that has a rug surrounded by bookcases featuring a fireplace in the center. 
Like everything I’ve seen in The Isle, it’s stunning. The level of comfort and class found here is unequaled. 
There’s a young man in the front of the group, handing out class schedules. I can’t wait to see what classes I’m expected to take. I always did love school.
“Name,” he queries as I reach the front of the line. 
“Layla Sanders,” I reply flatly. 
His eyebrows touch the sky. 
“What type of magical creature are you?” He says, his face lighting up like the North Star.
I shrug, grab my paper, and join the rest of the group. As the tour guide is showing us the rest of the room and explaining its function, I steal a moment to peek at my class list. 
Layla Sanders-- unknown species
Period One: Magical History /C4
Period Two: Witchery /A2
Period Three: Potions and Spells /C9
Period Four: Powers /B3
Period Five: Lunch Assignment /Cafeteria
Period Six: Combat /Courtyard
Period One begins promptly at 8 a.m. 
Combat? I’m expected to take a class in combat? I hope they aren’t expecting me to pass it. With an inward sigh, I push it out of my mind. I may not be a wimp, but I’m not strong. What have I gotten myself into?
The blabbering of the tour guide pulls me back. He’s speaking as if he were checking off a list, notifying us of each point.
“Breakfast is served daily from 5 a.m. to 7:55 a.m.”
“Lunch is given at designated lunch times only.” 
“Period Six ends promptly at 2:30.”
“Dinner times are from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m.”
“Skipping classes without permission will not be tolerated. You will be found and escorted to class.”
“Leaving The Isle will not be accepted for any reason without permission.”
“Curfew is from 11 p.m. to 4:30 a.m.”
“At the completion of your courses, you will be required to make a declaration.”
“Declaration? What’s that?” I ask, mainly to myself. Everyone turns toward me, as my face begins heating up again. I hadn’t meant to say that out loud. If only Damien were here, he could have answered me quietly and saved me from this embarrassment.
“A declaration, Ms. Sanders, is when you will choose. This is a school of the Council, and therefore not aligned with the Light or Dark. At your declaration, you will declare a side. Think carefully; once declared, you can never change,” the tour guide proclaims.
It sounds serious. I hope I can get out of here before having to go through my declaration. I am not planning on staying in this realm after I find the Pendant. I know that time travels differently here, but I’m hoping it doesn’t take too long. 
I tune out the tour guide again as he shows us the wings. There are three different wings to the facility: A, B, and C. They all look the same; they just go in different directions. I know this because I’ve already seen the map attached to my class list. 
“Next up on our tour, the library.” He motions through the double French doors. My eyes start to glow the second I walk in the room; it’s a large wonderful library, full to the ceiling with books. It has bookshelves that are so high they require a sliding ladder to access them all. 
It’s a circular room with the reading area in the middle. The roof is constructed of several arched glass panels; you can see straight through to the sky. 
There is a telescope featured in the center of the main room. Very comfortable looking couches and chairs, a fireplace, and a few beanbags are placed precisely around the stacks. 
Behind the seating area are some cubicles that are filled with desks and office supplies. To the left is the main checkout. Next to the checkout are some computers. 
The second story is accessed by a set of staircases on either side. They wrap around the room like a shawl. There are seating areas at the top of the second story, and more shelves, full of glorious books. 
There are also separate rooms for private studying off to the sides of the second floor.
I can’t stop taking it in. My heart flutters as I recognize my new favorite spot on campus.
I’m saddened when we’re pulled away to our next destination, the cafeteria. It’s not a typical cafeteria. It looks more like a mall food court filled with booths. There are several different choices of food. “You can find food from any realm here,” the tour guide announces as we walk through. 
The floor is tiled with large tan tiles and white grout. Surprisingly, with all the foot traffic, the grout is extremely white. 
It has the same Victorian feel as the rest of the building. The seating is not exclusive to inside. Past the revolving door, there is also an outdoor seating area with picnic tables and regular tables and chairs. 
“Since we’re here, we might as well have lunch. We will meet back here in thirty minutes.” The tour guide briefly tells us how to get our food, and the group splits up.

Chapter 14
 “You must be new here. I haven’t seen you around before.” I glance up to see a gorgeous young man with long blond hair that nearly touches his shoulders. He’s loaded with muscles, with a larger--than--average nose that seems to fit his face. His lips are lush and juicy, his jaw line pronounced; he has the most brilliant blue eyes. 
Where do these guys come from? Is everyone here that sexy? “First day,” I mumble. 
“Do you mind if I have a seat?” 
I glance at him again; he’s pointing at the bench on the other side of the picnic table from me. I give a slight nod, and he takes a seat.
It’s a rather beautiful day. The sky is crystalline and cloudless, the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, and off in the distance I can hear the pounding of the sea. I close my eyes and just take in the scent. I can feel my power thrumming here. 
His voice brings me back. “The name is Zeke Porter. And you?” he says.
“I’m Layla. It’s nice to meet you,” I say. I don’t offer my hand because I’m trying to fit in. I pick up my sandwich and take a bite of it. To my surprise, it tastes delicious.
“So, how do you like it so far?” he asks. I hurriedly swallow the piece I’m devouring so I can answer his question. 
“It’s stunning. It looks like it took 1,000 years to build. Plus it’s so isolated and appealing. It’s like there are a million secrets that it’s waiting to share with me.” I make up my mind right then. I love it, but I’m not sure why I’m sharing that information with Zeke, considering I just met him.
I can see myself staying here for a long time, but I can’t afford to lose my focus. I need to find the Pendant so I can find my parents. 
“I thought that when I first came too,” he says. “You’ll get used to it after a while. I’ve been here for years and still haven’t discovered everything. So what classes are you taking?”
“Umm . . .” I begin to fumble for my class schedule. Instead of reading it, I just hand it to him. “See for yourself.” 
“Snarky, I like that.” He snatches the class list out of my hand. After a few seconds of observation, he hands it back. 
“I hope you have Professor Minden for Potions and Spells,” he says. “He’s the best. If you need help finding C9 let me know; it can be kind tricky for newbies.”
“Thanks,” I wonder why he’s being so nice to me. Hot guys normally avoid me like the plague, except for Damien. I’m known to be socially awkward around guys which is why I don’t usually like to talk to them. 
I glance down at my tray and realize it’s already empty. I guess it’s time to meet back up with my group. 
“It was nice meeting you, Zeke, but I have to go.” With a pleasant smile I pick up my tray and walked toward the disposal. I glance back to see Zeke smiling at me. Not sure what to make of it, I push it out of my mind, joining the rest of my group. 
Hopefully, orientation will end soon.
...
We’re given a tour of the courtyard and the gym, where my Combat class is held. I’m informed that Combat will take place in both the outdoor and the indoor setting, but that we will meet in the courtyard daily. 
They have lockers in the gym for us to keep our clothes and shower supplies in. At least they have showers. I hate to go anywhere after I’ve worked out when I’m all sweaty if I haven’t showered. 
It’s 1:30 in the afternoon when I make it back to my room. I go straight to my bed and plop onto it. 
I wonder why Damien didn’t go to orientation with me. He must be upset. I would be too if I had to put up with me. One second I’m warm to him, the next second I’m cold. I’m not sure what to think about him. 
On one hand, I really like Damien. He is cool, calm, and collected during a crisis, which is a plus. I know he’s reliable, and he is sexy as hell. 
We have already started to develop a friendship, and I feel really comfortable talking to him about things that I would never tell others, but I’m not sure that I’m ready to move our friendship in another direction. 
I’ve found him attractive since I first laid eyes on him, but I pushed to be friends because I didn’t believe he would be interested in anything more. Now I’m not so sure. 
Still, I don’t know who Damien is, other than the fact that he is a Protector. I wonder how he became a Protector. Was his dad a Protector first? Is there some kind of test you have to go through to be a Protector? Can our connection ever go away?
With a sigh, I decide that I have too many questions to be left unanswered. I stand and head into the hallway to knock on Damien’s door. 
A few moments later, Damien and I are face to face. For a few seconds, it’s awkward. I’m not sure how I know, but he’s mad at me. 
He holds the door open for me to enter. I follow him in and click the door shut. When I turn around, Damien is pacing the room. 
I take the opportunity to look around. His room is a mirror image of mine. It’s decorated with the same bleak white walls and identical furniture. 
“Look, I don’t mean to peek; it just happens. I am not very good at controlling it yet.” he says. Damien turns around to face me. “I’m not sure how to handle this.” His hand makes a sweeping gesture. 
“It makes me uncomfortable to think that you are able to see my thoughts and feelings and visions. How long has it been this way?” I ask. 
“It started after we first held hands,” he says. “It started off as a few words here and there, and has grown each time we touch. You should be able to access it too. I can’t tell what you’re feeling; that power is saved for our Joining.” 
“Lay,” he continues. “I can only see as much as you let me; you need to work on your shield. When we’re near, it’s harder to control for both of us.” Damien takes a hesitant step toward me. What Joining? What shield? Ugh, he’s just confusing me more. 
“I need to figure this out, and until I do, I think it would be best if we don’t touch anymore.” My eyes meet his, and I can feel the sting of my statement. He takes it as an insult. 
“I do trust you, Damien. I’m just not sure why, or what I should make of it yet. I only just met you, and I’m confused. I need some space to work through this.” I let out a breath that I haven’t realized I was holding. 
“That’s understandable. I know that all of this is new to you, Lay, but you need protection. I can offer that to you. You just have to accept. This link that we have will not go away.” He holds out his hand toward me. 
I stand frozen. I’m still not quite sure what I need protected from, and I’m not sure yet what he’s asking me to give. I should have done some research before I came to confront him. 
Damien turns away, feeling my unannounced rejection. 
“Come find me when you’ve made a choice.” He offers, facing the window. 
I turn to leave. Before I close the door, I glance at Damien’s back, still to me, as he gazes out the window. I can’t help but feel lost. 

Chapter 15
I awake feeling anxious. First--day jitters always get to me, especially when I’m one of the only new kids in school. At least I’ll have some of the other new kids to fall back on. 
What if I don’t fit in? There are always cliques at schools, and I don’t want to get mixed up in the wrong ones. I could try to hang out with Damien as much as possible. That’s what he did at my school. 
How did Damien find me in the Mortal Realm? He must have known who I was if he signed up for all of my classes at school and sat by me. So it wasn’t all one big coincidence. I can’t believe he hadn’t just told me. 
If he had told me I probably wouldn’t have believed him, but still he shouldn’t have lied. I did think his vagueness was strange from day one. 
I start to think back to my comfortable upbringing at Grant High. From the first day, I was not very popular. I only had a few girlfriends to talk to. At least it was my choice, or so I wanted so desperately to believe. 
This place just seems different. I know that it’s neutral ground, but at lunch during orientation, I could tell there were unspoken seating arrangements. What if I don’t fit in? 
It doesn’t matter; I’m here to get the training I need to find the pendant. That is my only goal. I need to focus on that. 
After a quick shower and a bite to eat, I head off to my first class, not really knowing what to expect. 
Magical History is held in room C4. It’s a small class. I walk in just as the final bell is ringing. I glance around and notice that there are only ten seats, and the same desks that you would find in my classroom at Grant High. 
I find a seat in the middle of the class. There are six students, including me. Most of them I met yesterday during orientation. It’s not hard to deduce that this is a beginner’s class. 
“Welcome to Magical History. I am Professor Zander.” He has shoulder--length wavy brown hair, with big brown eyes. He’s dressed in dark blue jeans and a white button--up, with a navy blue vest. His muscles are prominent and well defined. That’s the going rate around here.
“These are your books,” he says, carrying a large stack. “Always bring them to class with you. By tomorrow I expect you to have this list of materials at the ready. Your assignment for this morning is to familiarize yourself with Chapters One and Two.” Professor Zander hands out the stack of hardback textbooks, one to each student. 
Each book must have a thousand pages. I reach for mine and it slips out of my fingers and lands on my desk with a loud thud. Professor Zander looks down his nose at me. 
“You are dismissed,” he announces before he takes a seat and begins writing; it’s clear that he doesn’t want to be disturbed. I glance around to find the other students looking back at me. A look of confusion displayed on everyone’s face. I take my textbook and list of class supplies and leave, leading the group out of the classroom. 
Once in the empty hallway, I decide I will get a head start on my reading. I’m sure that the other classes will have a list of mandatory supplies so I will hold off on going to the shop until all of my classes are complete for the day. 
I head off to my favorite room at The Isle, the library. 
...
Ten minutes later, I find myself seated in the most comfortable nook in the library. My new favorite spot is a window bench, long enough to sleep on, with big fluffy throw pillows that match the navy coloring of the padding. 
I nestle there with my Magical History book on my lap, taking a second to admire the view. I’m caught up in the way the waves are pounding the edge of the cliff when I feel him. I snap my head up and see Damien. 
He’s on the other side of the book shelf, talking to a petite blonde. She has a pixie cut and is carrying a load of books in one arm. There’s obvious flirting going on. Her hand is lying on his arm, when she throws back her head for a hearty laugh. 
Jealousy flies through me. My veins start to burn. He takes her books and holds his arm out to her. I realize I’m still glaring in their direction long past the time they’ve trotted away. 
I shouldn’t care about it. After all, I pushed him away. I told him that I needed space to think this through. It’s not like we’re together.
The anger starts to subside when I think about the reason I’m here. I might as well get my work started instead of wasting time. 
I click the book shut at the completion of Chapter Two and glance at my watch. I still have a few minutes before my next class. 
While reading I learn about the five different Realms that Queen Merona mentioned to me. Zeather is the Magical Realm and where the Council is based. They travel to all of the Realms to keep the peace. 
Abais is the Realm that the Vampires and Lycans live in, although sometimes they travel to the Earth Realm, a.k.a. the Mortal Realm. 
Jorid is the Realm of the Demons, and Geroda, a.k.a the Curtain, is the Realm of the Souls. It’s said that only the Council members have ever been able to travel back from the curtain. 
Each Realm has multiple portals. These portals are like teleporting and can take you to a Realm and allow you to travel back instantaneously.  It must be like the portal that Damien took me through the get here.
The Azure Pendant was created by the Ury. They were a small group of Nephilim who fell to the earth from the heavens. Once it was created, the Pendant caused chaos and battle. People fought over who would wield it. They split into two groups and started a war over it. That is where the Light and Dark sides came from. 
The Light wanted to protect the Pendant and use its power for good. The Dark wanted to wield its power for selfish reasons. One of the Light Nephilim gave his life hiding the Pendant from the others, after siring a female baby. That baby was the beginning of the Suppliant line. That is why Suppliants have the power to find the Pendant. 
The Isle was created by the Council, a neutral ground for students of either Light or Dark to study. Once their studies are complete, they will declare themselves Light or Dark. The side that you choose will help protect you. Declaring a side helps to keep the balance between Light and Dark.
Since the Council created The Isle, it’s under their protection. The Council is composed of eleven extremely powerful, magical members. 
It looks like I need to get on the Council’s good side, or better yet, stay off their radar all together. 
...
Witchery, my second period class, is in A2. It’s also a small class, with eleven students and fifteen desks. 
Professor Nalia introduces herself and hands out the Witchery textbooks. As she walks past, I catch a glimpse of her long, fire--red fingernails. 
She has a fragile bone structure, long silvery hair that comes to her waist and is in a braid, petite features, and lilac eyes. She’s older than I would have expected from a professor, but we are in Zeather. 
“Psst . . .,” someone says. I glance around to find a natural blonde with a face--framing bob, big ocean blue eyes, and a diamond in her nose. 
My eyebrows fly up. I wonder what she wants. Can’t she tell that I don’t want to be noticed here? 
“Can I borrow a pencil?” 
I sigh with relief. What a typical question. At least she isn’t asking me to do something stupid like skip class on the first day with a total stranger. 
I hand her my spare pencil, and she beams at me with a set of the whitest teeth I have ever seen. Seriously, she could have been a model. 
“Thanks, I’m Trish Carter. Are you new?” she whispers. 
“I’m Layla.” I don’t want to attract negative attention from Professor Nalia, so I leave it at that. 
Class flies by. Apparently Professor Nalia is not nearly as succinct as Professor Zander. I’m relieved when we are dismissed without any extra work to do. 
I stand to leave, and Trish hooks her arm through mine. I glare at her, but she just keeps on walking. 
“First day, huh? Well it sucks to be the new kid. I’m headed off to Potions and Spells next. Where are you headed?” She bops along beside me like we’ve been best friends forever. 
“C9, Potions and Spells,” I say.
“It looks like we’re headed in the same direction,” Trish says. As we walk arm in arm, I notice the opposite sex is giving us a ton of attention. 
“Why are they staring?” I look at Trish, awaiting an explanation. 
“My father is a Wizard and my mother is a Siren. I tend to get a lot of attention,” she says. I really don’t want all of the attention of a Siren, but at least I have a new friend. 
...
After a quick stop at my locker to stash my textbook, I’m escorted to C9 by Trish. 
I find a seat in the middle of the room, and Trish takes the seat to my right. 
“You’re going to love Professor Zander; he’s steamy,” she says.
Who isn’t steamy here? “I have already met him; I’m taking his Magical History class for Period One,” I reply. Once again, she turns her killer smile on. 
“Welcome to Potions and Spells. I am Professor Zander,” he says. “I will pass out your textbook, as well as a blank grimoire. Guard your grimoire with your life. Carry it with you everywhere. It’s where you’ll keep the spells that work for you, and, of course, your potions. I would also suggest you get to know your classmates well. They will be of great assistance to you if you find yourself in need.” 
While he passes out materials, I take the time to look around at the class. There are a lot of new faces, and one I recognize. 
Zeke catches me looking at him and shoots a quick wave. Awkwardly, I blush and focus on my pencil. 
“Why do you think we will need to get to know our classmates so well?” I aim the question at Trish. 
“At the end of the course, we will be tested with our classmates. They will assign you a partner and you’ll have to go through a series of situations together. It makes sense that they would want you to familiarize with everyone, so you will work well together.” 
“How do you know all of that?” I ask, stunned at her knowledge. 
“I read the syllabus. My dad works here in the office, and he made me read it; it’s not like I wanted to.” Good to know. I wonder what other classes we share. I might just be able to get the lowdown on other classes from her.

Chapter16
Periods Three and Four are an hour each, where Periods One and Two were thirty minutes each. 
I encounter Zeke in Period Four—Powers with Professor Dylan—and Zeke is assigned to be my partner. I sigh with this new knowledge; now I have to deal with two attractive boys in my life. 
I’m starving when lunch rolls around. By the time I make it back to my locker, Trish is waiting for me. 
“Wanna have lunch with me?” she asks. I think about Damien and figure that having lunch with Trish feels like a good idea to keep my mind off him. 
“Only if you buy,” I joke. Trish giggles and hooks her arm through mine again. I love that currency is so much different here than it is in the Mortal Realm. So far I haven’t had to think about money. 
She’s blabbering on the whole way to the cafeteria while I’m lost in thought wondering about what Damien is doing, and who he’s doing it with. 
We’re just sitting down at the picnic table under the tree when Zeke shows up carting a tray. He joins us, and the current small talk is just what I need to get my mind off Damien. 
“Is that Damien Cartwright?” Trish asks practically bouncing out of her seat. 
“I heard he came back with a wicked powerful Witch,” Zeke says in hushed tones. My eyebrows twist; I hadn’t really suspected Zeke to be the gossiping type. 
“I wonder where his Witch is now. He can come this way any time. Man, he is fine,” Trish says, leaning closer. 
Zeke looks at me and explains. “Damien declared a few years ago. He’s a bit of a legend around here. He was top in his class and was offered a professor gig after he declared. He turned it down to find the Suppliant from the prophecy. He’s supposed to be very powerful.” 
I glance up at Damien, and our eyes lock. “If he finds the Suppliant from the prophecy, it will be a game--changer for the Light,” I hear Zeke whisper. I feel my cheeks start to heat up. “I only hope to be as good of a Protector as he is some day.” 
“You are a Protector?” I can’t stop it from coming out. Zeke is a Protector? Why don’t I feel a connection to him? 
Trish catches me looking at Damien. “Is he coming over here? It must be my Sirenism.” She puts on her best smile, hoping to win him over. 
It’s apparent that the rest of the female crowd is sharing similar thoughts. All eyes are on Damien as he gets closer.
“Lay, can I join you?” 
I look around to find Zeke’s jaw set and Trish’s mouth hanging wide open. My shoulders drop; I guess the secret is out.
I want to talk to him, but I know that I can’t share what I want to in front of Trish and Zeke. Then an idea strikes me.
I reach my hand out to his, welcoming the warmth and the rush of the connection. Why didn’t you tell me that you are a legend around here? Why have you been avoiding me? Who was she?
“Sure, Damien meet Trish and Zeke,” I say. My eyes never leave his, and my mouth is still set in a flat line. 
“It’s nice to meet you,” Damien says, sitting down. I was trying to protect you. Your choice has to be made by you; I didn’t want your opinion of me to affect that. What girl are you talking about?
Keeping his hand in mine and looking into his eyes, I telepathically respond. The girl that you met at the library. She was flirting with you. 
A smile lights his face. You were jealous. A simple statement; he can sense the jealousy rolling off me. I can feel the relief on him. 
Why is he relieved to think that I was jealous? I don’t have any right to be. I’m the one who told him that I needed some time. 
Who is she? I think. Confusion starts to take over, tamping down the unnecessary jealousy.
We went to school here together, he thinks. She stayed on to work as an assistant, while I moved on. I was asking her to get me access to the office after hours. 
What do you need access afterhours for? I question.
To go through the files, he thinks. As your Protector, it’s my job to make sure that you’re safe. I wanted to go through the files and make sure that there are no threats here. 
Did she agree? I question.
Of course, he responds. Tonight, after sunset, we are meeting. 
Can I come with you? I want to see the files too.
I don’t think that’s a good idea. I think you should stay away from this, he thinks. If you get caught, they will expel you, and you need this training. You don’t have a chance of finding the Pendant in time without it. 
I could help you. Besides, if you get caught, they’ll kick you off The Isle too. My anger starts to rage inside. 
What is he thinking sneaking around at night? He’s going to get in trouble and leave me to deal with the stress of all of this alone. I should go with him; that way if we get kicked off, at least he can still help me find the Pendant. 
As my anger peaks, my power starts to rise. Damien grabs my other hand under the table. He can feel it? Does that mean that the others can too? 
Calm down, Lay, he thinks. You can’t let this power control you. You don’t know what you’re capable of. 
At his words, I get angrier. Of course I don’t know what I am capable of. My life was stolen from me. 
My parents abandoned me as a child, and I was raised by my loving parents who don’t know a thing about magic. My life is in shambles, and to top it all off, I don’t know what I’m capable of. 
Remorse is rolling off of him in waves.
Calm down; get your mind off of it, he thinks, trying to avert a disaster. 
My imagination runs wild as a picture of Damien holding me flashes through my mind. His face looks pained, but he pulls me up, wraps his arms around me, and lays his head on my hair. 
I mentally hold on like my life depends on it. I can feel every movement that Damien’s body makes. The warmth matures to a sizzle. 
“Get a room,” Trish says. I had been just distracted enough that Trish’s voice registers and brings me back. I begin to pull my hand away when Damien stops me. 
At least this is just mental. I don’t think I could handle him actually touching me, especially not in public.
“So are you two together?” Trish asks. “I mean, you know her name,”—she nods at Damien—“and I couldn’t help but notice that you’re holding hands. I’m just asking for the sake of the female population,” she says, watching our every move.
Don’t tell them that you are a Suppliant, Damien thinks. I need to make sure there’s no danger here first. I’m not sure who we can trust yet. 
But these are my new friends, I think. I don’t feel right starting our friendship off with lies. 
Trust me, Lay, he thinks.
I know that his job is to protect me, but I don’t think we should lie to do that. I’m sure that Trish and Zeke are trustworthy. 
“She’s my girlfriend,” Damien declares before I have a chance to tell them no. I look at Trish whose eyes are as big as saucers, and then glance at Zeke whose jaw tightens. 
Why couldn’t you just say that we know each other, I question. I really don’t want to lie. 
I was claiming you, he thinks. I’m your Protector, and this is the best way to protect you. Once word gets around that we’re together, people will think twice before messing with you.
Damien has a point. As much as I hate lying, it is for my protection. Since he’s a legend around here, people won’t pay attention to me while he’s around.  
“Why didn’t you say something? You let us ramble on about him as if you’ve never met him,” Trish questions 
“Honestly, it was interesting to hear what you guys thought of him.” I aim my best I’m sorry look at Trish, who apparently decides to forgive me on the spot. 
Zeke, on the other hand, excuses himself and heads back inside. With a promise to meet up later, Damien is on his way too. Our mental connection starts to get fuzzier the second that he releases my hand. 
As soon as he’s out of hearing distance, Trish pounces on me. 
“What a secret, girl; how could you not have told me? I would brag about that to anyone that would listen. You know every girl in this place was watching him.” 
I shrug at her obvious statement. I had seen the looks that he was getting. It feels like all of the girls in here have eyes on him, but I can’t let that bother me with everything that has happened to me lately. I need to focus on my training so I can find my parents. 
“So how long have you guys been a couple?” Trish looks at me with expectant eyes. 
“Not long, about a week,” I lie. “We’re still getting to know each other.” It’s not really a lie, just an omission. 
So we really aren’t a couple, but he is determined to be my Protector, and what they were saying about him makes me think he was right. 
If he really is as good as they said, then he might be the right person for the job. Besides, I want to see what we have between us.
Trish’s voice breaks my train of thoughts. “How did you two meet?” 
I take a moment to gather my thoughts and come up with a lie that I can stick to. I know they say that if you are going to lie, it needs to be small, and believable. 
Keeping it close to the truth makes it easier to remember, but I think being vague like Damien was at school is my best bet here.
“Really, Trish, there’s not much to tell. I met Damien at school, and we hit it off instantly,” I say, hoping that her curiosity is satisfied. 
“Tell me everything. How exactly did you meet?” she asks. The term saved by the bell is literally true at this instant. 
The bell rings, and Trish and I empty our trays and head off in different directions toward our lockers with a quick “See ya later.”
...
After lunch was Period Five, Combat. This is the class that I figure I will have the most trouble with. I’m not a pathetic little girl, but I’m not physically strong. 
I walk back to the courtyard in my training gear that was provided for me. Black spandex capris and a black tight--fitting top adorn my long, lean body. 
I glance around and find that the men are wearing black jogging shorts and black muscle tops; basically the same thing. 
…
Professor Kale introduces himself. What is it with all of the attractive male professors in The Isle? Are there no middle--aged balding professors that you would find in a typical school?
Professor Kale, who tells us to address him simply as “Kale,” goes on to explain that this course will be grueling. It will help us build stamina and muscle and teach us to fight with our bodies. At least this will be much--needed practice. 
He starts the class off with having us warm up, by jogging around the courtyard ten times. As someone who likes to read, and lacks the physical fitness ability, this task is daunting. 
I set off and can’t help but notice that I’m the last one to finish. After the “warm--up,” we’re given a few minutes to rehydrate. I walk to the water fountain on shaky legs. 
A little slow going there, Lay. You are going to have to step it up, Damien thinks.
Leave me alone, Damien. It’s my first day. Besides, not everyone can be first to finish. I want to say like you, but that’s just petty.
Relax, you have nowhere to go but up, Damien thinks. I realize that he isn’t trying to tease me; he just wants to motivate me.  
I head back out to the courtyard. 
“Don’t you just love running? It clears your mind.” Trish locks arms with me in her typical manner. 
I should have known that physical activity would not bother her one bit. She still looks like she just came out of a magazine, and I’m drenched in sweat. I just shake my head back and forth. 
“Yeah, I love it,” I reply, with sarcasm spewing out of my every word. 
“Pair off,” Professor Kale announces. “This next activity will require teamwork.” 
I’m thinking about another hour and half of the torture I will have to go through when Damien approaches me. 
“Want to be partners?” he asks.
“Actually, I was thinking I could be Trish’s partner,” I say, looking at Trish. Her eyes light up; apparently she was hoping the same. 
Lay, Kale said that it was about teamwork, Damien thinks. We need to learn how to work together. You and I are partners in a bigger cause. 
I sigh, because I know that he’s right. As much as I want to stay away from Damien until I figure this out, he’s right. We need to learn how to work together. 
I look at Trish, ready to apologize, when she says, “You and Damien should be partners.” 
She comes close to my ear giving me a naughty grin. “You can thank me later,” she whispers. With a giggle, she trots off and pairs up with Zeke. 
I feel your powers growing, Damien thinks. Most Witches can’t feel emotions as freely as you can. It takes them years of training, if they can do it at all. 
I thought it was just intuition, I think. 
It’s more than that; you have a lot of power, Lay, Damien thinks. 
Professor Kale’s voice breaks through our conversation. “Your task is to”—he pauses, as a clap of thunder booms over us. 
“Well, it looks like we’re going to have to hit the gym for the remainder of class. You and your partner will work out an exercise regimen for both of you. Then get started on it today. Make sure you have plans to optimize your physical fitness over the next few weeks.” 
With that, everyone heads inside. 

Chapter 17
After a shower at the gym, I’m back in my room. My muscles are starting to ache, so I decide to take a bubble bath and read one of the many books that I checked out from the library this afternoon to soothe the pain and relax. Is there a better way to spend a rainy afternoon? 
I saunter into our joint bathroom, and surprise lights my face. I realize that yesterday, I was too nervous and this morning when I entered, I was so groggy that I barely had a chance to look around. 
It’s not as bleak as our bedrooms, but it still isn’t as fancy as the rest of The Isle. It’s actually nice. 
The sparkling white tile on the floor gives way to a two--headed shower on the right, and a toilet past that. On the left is a garden tub perfect for a long soak, and a dual sink setup with a framed mirror. An elongated window hangs over the tub. It’s perfect. 
I turn on the water to boiling hot and gather my items. Thankfully Queen Merona had the foresight to request some bubble bath be sent along with my suitcases. I will have to thank her for everything. 
I can feel my muscles relaxing as I sink into the bath. After about ten minutes of soaking, I decide to pick up a book and begin reading. 
As I’m finishing up, my stomach starts to growl. I check the clock to see that it’s already time for dinner. 
After washing out the tub, I head back to my room to get dressed. I figure I had better get some food in me before I turn into a grouch. 
...
I catch my thoughts drifting to Damien while I’m dressing. I’m thinking back on our lunch encounter when it dawns on me that he didn’t eat lunch. He must be starving. I should see if he wants to go eat dinner with me. 
I’m getting ready to head to the Damien’s room when there’s a knock at my door. When I open it, I’m surprised to see the perky blonde from my test. 
“The Dean requests your company for dinner,” she says, turning to walk away as if this was a regular occurrence. I decide that I should probably follow her without asking questions. I will catch up with Damien later. 
I follow her down several halls until she comes to a stop in front of a set of double oak doors. They have elegant carvings on them. 
They are the same tribal symbols that I saw on Queen Merona’s castle, but they’re white, not gray. They feel alive. I peer closer and see one of them move. 
“Dean Worthen is expecting you,” she says, turning to leave. 
I grab the handle, and pulsing warmth shoots up my arm. Thinking it must be a protection spell, I pull the door open and step through.
The room is larger than it looked to be from the double doors. It opens up to fit a nice antique wooden table, large enough to feed ten people. There’s a feast laid on it. The Dean is sitting at the head of the table, facing the door. 
On the left hand side there’s a gathering area, complete with couches, end tables, and a fireplace. 
“It is a pleasure to meet you, Layla,” Dean Worthen states. He looks like Santa Claus in purple robes. He has a stocky build with a full white beard and a full head of short white hair. He’s dressed in a business suit and smoking a pipe. The scent of tobacco is barely noticeable over the aroma of a gourmet meal. 
“The pleasure is all mine,” I say, curtsying. 
“Please join me for a meal,” he says. As I pull out a chair close to his, he stands. 
“The other guests should arrive shortly,” he says. What other guests? There has to be a reason for this gathering disguised as a simple meal. How can I discover his ulterior motives? 
“Please, would you care for a drink? Perhaps a nice glass of Merlot would suit you.” 
Merlot, as in wine? Does he know that I am not old enough to drink?
A knock sounds at the door and in strolls Damien. 
Is something wrong? He questions upon studying my face.
Why are you here? I want to know. What’s going on? Why did the Dean just offer me, a minor, a glass of wine?
Calm down, Lay, Damien thinks. It’s just a friendly getting—to--know--you dinner. They did it for me when I was enrolled here. I’m just here for support. As for the wine, it’s not considered taboo to drink at a young age in this Realm because alcohol doesn’t affect the magical creatures the same way it does mortal ones.
“Welcome, Damien.” The Dean says. “It’s truly a pleasure to have you back, if only for a short period. Please choose a seat.” 
Damien picks the seat beside me and reaches for my hand under the table. I assumed it’s to establish a stronger mental connection as much as it is for support. 
“I was just offering Layla a drink. Would you care for something?” the Dean offers.
“Scotch on the rocks, and Layla will have a glass of Pinot Noir, please,” he says. It should infuriate me that Damien has placed an order for me; instead I feel relieved. 
I’m not accustomed to placing a drink order, and surely could not have pulled it off with the level of finesse that the Dean expects. 
A waiter shows up with our drinks, placing the glass next to my water glass on the table. I can’t help but admire the presentation of the food. 
It looks like the food you would get from a five--star restaurant back home, and the scent is making me salivate. 
I grew up middle class, so I didn’t get the opportunity to eat food that was served with such care toward presentation. It looks too good to touch. 
The knock on the door pulls me back to the present, and, one by one, all of my professors filter in. 
With a clink of a glass, the conversation comes to a halt.
“Welcome everyone,” the Dean begins. “I have called this meeting to make sure that everyone was well informed as to why Miss Sanders has joined the ranks of The Isle. After careful consideration, I have decided to make you aware of her special circumstances.” 
My face starts to burn again with the telltale signs of a blush creeping up my cheeks. Why does he have to introduce me as having “special circumstances”? I would feel much more comfortable with being lost in the shadows. 
Damien gives my hand a quick squeeze. This is for your protection, Layla. I asked that your professors be made aware, so that if trouble aroused and I wasn’t close enough, that they could look out for you. 
I feel my blush deepen. Damien did this for me. I should have known. He seems to constantly be thinking about how he can protect me.
“Layla has been entrusted to The Isle by the Council.” The Dean continues, oblivious to our internal conversation. “She is the Suppliant from the prophecy.” At this statement, gasps ring out across the room. The table suddenly erupts with questions and murmurs. 
I catch some of the words rolling around, although everyone is speaking at once. “How can she be the Suppliant from the prophecy?” “Is he sure?” “Why is she here?” “How are we supposed to help her?”
“One at a time.” Dean Worthen is still standing as the murmurs die off at his insistence.
“She is here to be trained,” he answers. “She is currently unknowledgeable, and our duty is to remedy that. She is the Suppliant from the prophecy. She has claimed Silver and has a deep connection to all Protectors.” The professors accept this as fact. Of course, Damien has already explained Silver to me, but he left out the part about other Protectors. 
What other Protectors? I thought you were my Protector? I question.
Surely you didn’t think I was the only one, Lay, he thinks. I am the best, but there are others out there. They aren’t as rare as Suppliants. 
I feel a little bulge of annoyance. It must have been really beneficial for Damien to leave this fact out. How does he know that I won’t have a deeper connection with one of the other Protectors? What makes him think he is the best one for me?
I feel like he is treating me like my parents do. Why can’t people just tell me what’s going on and let me make my own decisions? 
I push my feelings down as the Dean continues. “Damien has brought her to us for training. She will need extra attention. She needs to master her skills faster than the other students and will need to be pushed further. She is our last hope at getting the Azure Pendant back,” he says.
The murmurs are back for a few moments. The professors come to the conclusion that they will help me as much as they can. As the last of the professors accepts this, silence falls on the table. 
With a smile, Dean Worthen holds up his glass. “Let’s eat!”

Chapter 18
As we depart from his chambers, Dean Worthen bids us good luck. Most of the professors stay behind and situate themselves in the sitting area where the fire is crackling and dancing across their glasses. 
I’m thinking about how nice a fire would be as we reach our rooms. As I stop to unlock the door, Damien places a hand on my shoulder. 
“Can I come in?” he asks. 
It starts where his hand is placed on my shoulder, and moves down my breast bone toward my heart. This is what I have been waiting on, acceptance. 
Looking into his eyes, I can feel his desire to protect me; I know that he is the right person for the job. If there is some other Protector out there, I don’t think he will go to the same lengths for me like Damien already has.
Damien was searching for me before he knew who I was. He came to my Realm and found me. 
He got close enough to me to develop a friendship, all while protecting me. Then when things started to get hairy, Damien brought me back to my real Realm to find the Pendant and find my parents. 
I’m so confused and don’t really know what to think. I like Damien as a friend, but I still want to be more than friends. I just don’t know how Damien being my Protector is supposed to fit into all of this. 
Then I have to think about the fact that every time we touch, I get this burning sensation that is getting stronger. I can’t help but think it’s forcing a relationship on us that I’m not ready for just yet.  
I push open the door, and Damien follows me in. 
“Are you headed out to the office tonight?” I’m still upset that he won’t let me tag along, but I understand his reasoning. 
I sit on the edge of my bed, and Damien joins me. I glance outside and see the sun is setting. 
“Damien, I would really like to go with you,” I say, already aware of what the answer will be. I scoot back to prop my back up against the wall and wrap arms around my knees. 
“It’s too risky,” he replies. “You can’t get caught.” Damien settles back on the wall; his shoulder touches mine, creating the now familiar sensation. 
“The Dean knows about us,” I say. “If we get caught, they’re going to take it up with him, and he won’t kick me out for snooping. He said it himself: we’re his last hope.” I’m really hoping that this will be enough to convince him.
“I don’t want to have to explain why you are with me to Jessice,” he says. I know it’s a good argument, but I have a more valid point.
“You can just stick with our cover story; besides, how can you protect me if I’m not near you?” I ask. 
I’m starting to think he’s right and I should accept his protection, but I want to get to know him better, and what better way than to see him in action?
I know he’s looking in my head when his features change. 
You’re right, Lay, if I’m going to be your Protector, you should be with me. We need to get to know each other better, and build a stronger bond. You also need to learn how to trust me and my judgment. I can tell that you’re not there yet, so you can come.
Really?! I practically squeak internally. You mean it? This is going to be so fun. 
I tune out his thoughts for a moment to relish my debating skills. I really want to get a piece of the action. I have spent my whole life reading fiction novels and can’t believe that I get to have some adventure like the characters always do. 
I look at Damien’s clothes trying to decide what I should wear when the world goes black. We’re standing in the school office. Damien is going through the files, Jessice is the lookout, and I’m holding the flashlight. 
I catch the glimpse of Zeke’s file and the title “Protector”. Thoughts of Zeke are on my mind when I feel a sharp sting in my ribs. Panic and pain are rushing through my system as dark red blood drips down my side. 
I clutch the envelope opener that’s stuck there and turn to see Jessice’s evil grin. 
“You will not succeed; I will kill you. Long live Queen Nema!” Jessice throws a magic blast, an orb of red energy, at me and all goes black. 
I feel fear coursing through my blood. I have never had that kind of experience in a vision before. Did she just kill me?
I awake to Damien clutching my shoulder with a firm grip. It’s okay, Lay; she can’t get you. I won’t let that happen. 
“Damien, oh my goodness!” Panic is coursing through me as I try to push Damien away. “I just had the weirdest vision.”
Listen, Damien interrupts internally, hissing at me. Don’t say it out loud. There are people listening; you have to trust me. Repeat after me: The Pendant is in Abais; the Vampires have it. 
“The Pendant is in Abais; the Vampires have it,” I repeat out loud.
Now let’s go; we need to get somewhere safe to talk. Damien pulls me up and out the door in a hurry. 

Chapter 19
We walk along a well--worn path in silence and end up at the stables. Thankfully the rain has stopped, but the ground is still wet. 
My curiosity is piqued, as well as a longing for Silver, when the stables come into view. I wish I could pet her mane and talk to her. I know she would understand where I’m coming from.
When we enter the stables, the smell of horse manure hits my nostrils. There are horses all around us bucking and neighing. 
I follow Damien around the corner and freeze when I see her. Silver is in a stall next to Bronco.
I run to her and wrap my arms around her neck. Tears fall and I’m helpless to stop them. 
I feel like I haven’t seen her for a century, but have been too busy to realize it. There has been so much going on with my emotions since I came to The Isle that saying goodbye to her on the shore seems like an eternity ago. 
Silver kneels down to make it easier for me to climb on her. Once saddled, I follow Damien and Bronco.
We end up riding one of the only beaches on The Isle. Damien and Bronco stop and Damien gets down. He plops onto the sand and I follow. I watch Silver wander for a few seconds; I feel like a mom watching her baby go to school for the first time. 
“What was that vision about?” I ask. 
“They’re getting stronger,” Damien says. “I was in your head at the time, so I saw it. Right before the vision, I felt a presence; we were being watched. Queen Nema must have gotten some spies in here, and Jessice was one of them. I don’t know why I didn’t catch it before. We are safe on the beach though,” he says. 
“Why would they send someone to kill me? I don’t know that girl,” I say, turning my attention from the waves to his face. 
“You are a Suppliant,” Damien says, looking back at me. “Queen Nema, the Dark Queen, wants control of the Pendant. If you find the Pendant they think you will hand it over to Queen Merona, and the Light will have all of the power. It’s in their best interest to dispose of you, so that can’t happen,” he says. 
How can he be so calm right now? I’m falling apart inside. I’ve been really freaked out since I saw Jessice try to kill me in my vision. It makes me realize that I’m in serious danger. 
“How am I supposed to do this?” I ask, biting my lip. “Before all of this, I was just a regular teenager. I can’t do this. I can’t defeat enemies I am not aware of,” I say.
“You have the power in you. Believe in yourself, Lay,” Damien says.
“Well you were right about one thing; I need your protection. I have been foolish to believe that I could last very long without it.” I sigh. “I wouldn’t have known what to do if I had been there alone. I had no idea that they could watch me like that.” 
“We have an advantage now. I sent Queen Nema to the Vampires on purpose. They know that you will get visions of the Pendant, and I hope that information will distract them. With any luck, they will be launching an attack on the Vampires and leave you alone for the time being, and as soon as we get back, I am going to place a privacy crystal in your room,” he says.
“How long?” I ask, feeling worn down. “I need to know how long I have before they figure it out and come back to kill me.” I’m trying to choke back tears.
“I’m not sure.” Damien says. “It could be a couple of days, or it could be a couple of months. They will probably send someone to The Isle before they try to attack you again. Right now, they are pretty much running blind. That should give us a few weeks.”
“How do you know?” I question, emotions running amuck. 
“That’s what I would do.” Damien shrugs. 
I should have at least two weeks, especially if they’re going to send someone in first, which makes sense. Plus I don’t know how long it will take them to figure out I sent them on a wild goose chase.
“I can’t believe I fell for it,” Damien says. “She offered to help and I didn’t see through it.” 
I was confused for a few seconds before I realized he was talking about Jessice. 
“I was just distracted,” he says.
“You can’t blame yourself. Besides, it didn’t happen,” I say. 
It’s not like he meant to let Jessice get close enough to harm me. He wasn’t going to let me go with him in the first place. My vision just proves that she would kill me the first chance that she got.  
“You could be gone right now, Lay. That means more to me than the prophecy. If you didn’t find the Pendant, the world would still be as it is now, but if I lost you . . . .” The rest of his thoughts hang heavy in the air.
I know that Damien likes me. At first I thought that he just wanted to be friends, but after coming to Zeather and The Isle, he has started sharing his true feelings with me. It’s hard to handle the fact that he wants to build a relationship. 
I know that it has to do with him being my Protector, but I still don’t understand how it works. I need time to understand how I feel about him. I’m not sure I’m ready for a relationship yet. 
Damien leans over to touch his lips to mine gently. His lips spark the familiar warmth of his touch.
I pull away and stand, dusting the wet sand off my bottom. I’m not ready to get intimate with him yet. I still need to get my head on straight. When I look at him, I see the hurt displayed all over his face. 
“Damien, I need to say something, and can’t have our connection clouding my judgment.” He nods, hopefully because he understands. 
“I like you. You are strong, wise, smart, and yet somehow soft. I want to see what we have and if we are compatible before giving a relationship a shot,” I say. “But I think we would make a good team. I’m willing to work with you, and I want you to train me. I know that I could be in serious trouble if I get attacked, and our connection would get stronger if we were joined.” 
I feel a surge of hope radiating off of him. “I know that you have done everything that you have done to protect me. But I’m not ready to accept the connection that comes with your protection.” The hope fades. 
“I’m still not sure what will happen when I accept it . . .” Now is your chance to make me trust you, Damien. I need to hear about it from you. I had planned on looking it up, but haven’t had the time. It looks like time is running short for me. 
“When a Suppliant accepts a Protector,”—Damien speaks up to fill in the gaps of my knowledge—“she accepts a life mate. The connection you would feel to other Protectors will dissipate at a slow pace until they are nonexistent. It’s kind of like getting married, except it’s permanent. It can’t be undone, not even by the Council. We will be as one. I will share some of your powers, and you can share all of mine. The connection that we have will grow stronger, and distance can’t separate us. I will always have access to your thoughts and feelings, and it will be easy to find you. There will be a physical pain when we are separated. The further you are, the more painful it will be. Then there is the sexual tension. Now it’s like a lit match. When we are joined, it will be like a burning building. You will be mine, and I will be yours. If one of us dies, the other will suffer for the remainder of their existence. It’s really helpful to know everything you are feeling and thinking if you get in trouble. The purpose of such a deep connection is for the Protector to be able to save the Suppliant’s life. It makes her stronger, and harder to kill. It makes it a lot less likely that you will fail in your mission.” He speaks very quietly. 
Why would anyone want to accept that? I wouldn’t want to put myself through torture if something happened to Damien after sharing myself with him like that. I wouldn’t want him to have access to every thought and feeling that I have. 
I want to know what Damien thinks about this. I wonder if he really wants this connection, or if he just wants to protect me so that I can succeed in my mission. 
I grab his hand to reestablish and strengthen our connection. I will need it to try and pick his brain. I focus for a minute, barreling deeper, trying to catch a glimpse of his memory of the vision. I want to see it from his perspective. 
When I catch it, my breath is sucked out of my lungs. I feel his feelings of hopelessness, watching me die right in front of him, and he’s unable to do anything. I feel the crushing grief when he realizes that I’m gone. 
It doesn’t matter that we only just met. It doesn’t matter that we don’t know everything about each other. There will be time to learn that stuff after we complete the mission.
I can see everything from his point of view. It’s a weird feeling being in his head. The memory of the first time he laid eyes on me flies by and I suck it in. I feel everything that he felt, and see everything he saw. 
It’s mesmerizing. He thinks that we’re meant to be together. Damien is in love with me. He realized it when he touched my shoulder in the hall. The tingling changed and became deeper. It’s now a burning sensation that keeps growing and changing. It fills my heart, cradles it, and protects it. 
Yes Lay, I am in love with you. I have been from the moment I laid eyes on you. We were meant to be together, he whispers telepathically. 
I pull out of his head and turn away. 
How am I supposed to feel after seeing how he feels about me? I can feel it too from his perspective. I still want to take it slow, but I know that I need protection. I know now that he loves me and will be able to help me more after we are joined. 
I’m not sure that I’m ready to be basically married to someone for life, but if I want any chance of surviving and finding my parents, I need his help. I need him to be able to find me if something happens to me, to be able to communicate to me at all times. 
He needs to be able to know when I am in pain and I can’t keep going. I know that he thinks that we’re supposed to be together, but I need time to figure that out. I will have to take time later, because I don’t have it now.  
Okay. That single word says it all. I am agreeing to be joined to Damien. I need his protection. But it’s just for protection purposes. I need to have someone in my court that I know will always be there for me. I’m not ready for a relationship. 
It’s okay. I will think of this as a marriage for green--card purposes. I can get through this. 
Damien pulls me close and rests his cheek to my forehead. The fire is still lit and burning brighter.
“Damien, will you protect me? I need your help,” I confess.
“I was beginning to think you would never ask,” he says, pulling his head back to look at me. 
“We can do the ceremony tomorrow night. Right here on the beach,” he says. 
I don’t really know what to expect, but the thought of a ceremony has me all jumpy. It’s too much like a wedding for my liking. 
“Why do we have to wait?” I want to get it over with. Once my mind is made up, I am rather impatient. 
“I have to gather the materials. I will make it as quiet as possible. Besides, there’s an assembly tomorrow night, so everyone else will be distracted. It will be easier to get away,” he says. At least this is a private event, unlike a real wedding.
“Should I tell anyone?” I ask, knowing that our entire arrangement up to this point has been in the dark. I assume that the answer to this is not suddenly going to change. 
“Once you are protected, you can tell anyone that you like, but until then, keep it quiet. I don’t want this getting into the wrong hands. I don’t want a repeat of tonight,” he says.
With my agreement, we gather Silver and Bronco and make our way back to our rooms for the night. 

Chapter 20
The next morning goes pretty much the same as the day before. My classes are easier now that my professors know my dirty little secret. After class each one asks me to stay and gives me an extra assignment to get me up to speed.
At lunch time, Trish sits down with me. “Let’s meet up for the assembly tonight. We can sit together.” A picture of Damien’s face flashes into my mind. I hate lying all of the time, but she can’t know that I already have plans, so I nod in agreement. 
 “What’s on your mind? You have been really quiet and distant today. Is it Damien?” Trish asks.
I really wish I could confide in her, I need to tell someone. But, Damien is right. The less I tell, the safer it will be. I can tell her all about it tomorrow. Hopefully she won’t be too upset at me for it. I decide it will be best to play along with her suggestion for the moment. 
“Yeah” I figure it would be best to let the half--truth slide. 
“Tell me all about it.” Her eyes light up. Trish is sitting across from me at our typical table. I wonder where Zeke is. He has been keeping his distance from me today. 
Just then, he comes into view and walks straight for our table. 
Zeke slides in beside Trish. “What’s up, ladies?” 
“You’re speaking to us?” Trish asks. I guess she’s noticed Zeke’s absence too. 
“Of course, I can’t stay mad at a couple of beautiful ladies for long.” He shoots us a handsome smile, causing Trish to shift in her seat.
“Layla was just telling me about her trouble in paradise.” Trish picks up her apple. 
“Interesting, after finding out that you two just started dating, I didn’t think there would be a problem yet. What did the hero do?” 
I feel the blush creep up my cheeks. I am backed into a corner. I hate to lie to my only friends at The Isle, but I can’t tell them that there really is no problem, that I’m just distracted. 
“We just had a disagreement,” I lie. “Really, it was my fault,” I hope that will tide them over. Besides, it’s just stretching the truth. We did disagree about me going with Damien last night. 
“Said no girl, ever! Most girls would blame the guy, Layla.” Zeke speaks the truth. Feeling defeated I lower my head and begin to focus on my salad. 
After a few seconds of watching me pushing the lettuce around with my fork, Zeke and Trish start their own conversation. 
I have a feeling that I have just opened up a can of worms. I need to tell him that we had a “disagreement” so it doesn’t raise suspicion for Trish and Zeke who, along with everyone else, seem to be watching our every move. 
I’m thinking about how I’m going to get all of the extra assignments done tonight with the ceremony when the bell rings to signify the end of lunch.
I haven’t seen Jessice around today. I wonder what happened to her last night. Maybe she is too ashamed that Damien stood her up to work here anymore, but that doesn’t make sense. I wouldn’t let a boy get in the way of my job. There has to be more here than what I am seeing. 
I stand to take my lunch to the trash can, Zeke and Trish following closely, when my foot catches on something and I tumble to the ground. I land hard on my knees and catch myself with my hands. My tray flies, and the remnants of my food scatter, some landing in my hair. 
Embarrassment takes over and I begin to frantically gather my tray’s contents from the ground. 
“Are you all right?” Trish asks.
“You must have tripped on that tree root. You’ll have to watch your step.” Zeke offers a hand to help me up. 
The second our hands came into contact, I feel the tingling. Zeke’s eyes grow wide. I can feel the disbelief pulsing off him. My heart starts pounding faster.
I realize that I’m still standing there staring, with Zeke clutching my hand, when Trish picks up my tray and heads to throw it away. 
I try to take a step away and collapse; pain is radiating up my right thigh. 
“Layla?” The question is in his eyes; he knows I am a Suppliant, but the more pressing issue at hand should be my bum knee. 
“I should get to class.” I’m trying to pull away, which only tightens his grip on my palm. “Or the clinic,” I mumble, trying to pull his attention from the proverbial elephant in the room. 
“You’re a Suppliant? Why didn’t you tell me? I am a Protector, so is Damien. It all makes sense now,” he mutters, the last part mostly to himself. I guess there’s no changing the subject now.
“You’re bleeding,” Trish says, after throwing our trash away. “You should get that checked out. You can’t go to Combat with a bleeding palm.” I’ve never been so thankful to see Trish. I send up a silent thank--you to the powers that be for the change in subject.
After running a hand down my arm to make sure his accusations are correct, Zeke lets go of my hand, and Trish steers me off to the clinic. I can feel Zeke’s eyes on me until I hobble around the corner.
...
Trish leaves me at the check--in counter and heads off to class. I’m grateful for her help; my knee is really throbbing now. 
Once seated in the examination room, I have a moment to look around. 
It’s a well--lit, clinically sterile room, the same kind of room that you would find in a regular doctor’s office. The walls are painted bright white at the top and blue at the bottom. There is crown molding separating the two colors. 
The floor looks the same as the floor you would find in the hospital back home. And the smell is the clean scent of a medical practice that some people hate, but is comforting to me.
I really miss my parents. Every time I get sick or hurt, my mom is there to bandage me up. When I was a kid, I used to get really bad ear infections and my mom would tickle my face until I fell asleep. I wish I could go back home. 
The doctor knocks politely before entering. She’s younger than I expected. She looks to be in her early thirties, but I know that people age differently here. 
She’s wearing a white lab coat and a pair of black slacks. She has on practical penny loafers, and a blond bun. The only thing she’s missing is a pair of bulky black glasses. I like her instantly.
“Layla Sanders,” she says, looking at the chart. “I am Doctor Hester. So what brings you in today?” She looks up with a smile. 
“I had an accident in the courtyard,” I say. “I fell and scraped my knees and hands. It was nothing really. I’m sure I just need a bandage.” Out of embarrassment, I rub my hands on my jeans. I don’t want to let on how much my knee is killing me at the moment. 
“I wouldn’t dismiss it just yet. Let me have a look.” She pulls up my pant legs to find my knees are red and scratched. One of my knees is starting to swell. 
“It looks like it was a hard fall.” She squirts some saline on my knees to remove the debris and then hands me an ice pack. 
“You will need to keep off of this knee for the rest of the week; I’ll write you an excuse for your Combat class. Now let me see that hand,” she says, pulling my pant legs back down. 
What? Skipping Combat is not going to work for me. Getting trained to complete my mission is the only reason that I am here in the first place. 
That means that I’m going to fall further behind, and I’m not in the best physical condition as it is. I wonder if Professor Kale will let me participate anyway. 
Not to mention that I’m running out of time. Queen Nema knows that I’m here and will attack soon.
I’m too distracted about not being able to go to class that I don’t hear what she’s saying. I flinch as she moves something in my hand. I didn’t realize that it was cut that badly. 
“It looks like there is a wood chip lodged in this hand. The other one is just scratched, but this one will need stitches after I get the wood chip out,” she says. 
“I will be fine. I don’t need stitches.” I tug my hand back. 
“You are getting stitches. Now hold still.” With a pair of tweezers, she gently removes the wood chip. I try not to pass out when I catch a glimpse of the one--inch gash. It’s not that bad; it will heal, I tell myself. 
“I have a confession to make. I don’t do well with needles,” I say. 
“Honey, not many people do. Just think about something else and look away. It will be over soon.” My thoughts drift to what Damien would think about my predicament. 
I hope Trish doesn’t make it sound too bad. I’m sure that he’s going to ask about me. I wish I could have told him about our disagreement before he talks to Trish. 
How am I going to make it to the beach tonight with a swollen knee? It’s already throbbing; I can’t imagine putting pressure on it for any significant amount of time. 
...
“All done. That wasn’t so bad was it?” She wraps my hand with a bandage. 
“Surprisingly, no.” I’m grateful for the bandage at the moment. I don’t need to pass out at the sight of the stitches. 
“I will be back with a wheelchair and some medicine for you. Wait right here.” She hurries out, and a few minutes later an aide comes in with a wheelchair. 
“The doctor said that you are supposed to stay off your knee for at least three days. We have notified your professors that you will not be attending classes, and you are not allowed back in Combat for the rest of the week. Here are some pain meds. Take them every four hours for the first day. Take these antibiotics to prevent infection for the next ten days. Make sure that you take one in the morning and one at night, and no alcohol. Come back next Friday to have the stitches removed.” She helps me into the chair as I tried to argue. 
I can’t fall behind; not after the Dean said that I needed extra work to get caught up as it is. 
The nurse pushes my wheelchair to my room and helps me transition into the bed for a quick nap. I have so much to think about that I don’t want to take a nap, but after taking the pain medicine, I am feeling drowsy. Once cuddled in my bed, I close my eyes. I tell myself it’s just for a second. 
...
Damien is the first thing I see. He’s sitting by my bed reading a book. The pain hits me when I sit up to rub the sleep out of my eyes. I’m glad that the doctor prescribed me the meds. 
“Layla, are you okay? Trish told me what happened, and Professor Kale told me that you weren’t allowed back until next week.” He’s trying to help me sit up without hurting me further. 
“Doctor’s orders. I tried to tell her I am fine, but she said I needed to rest. Really it was a small fall. My knee was swollen, and I got a wood chip lodged in my palm. That needed stitches,” I say, looking at my hand. Damien must have taken the bandage off while I was sleeping. 
“I checked it out as soon as I got here. You were asleep so I didn’t want to disturb you.” 
I’m not sure how I feel about his admission. I’m glad that he is concerned, but I should have woken up when he was taking the bandage off my hand. Normally, a conversation in the gathering area will wake me up.
“Did Trish tell you about our disagreement?” I ask, looking at Damien, hoping for understanding.
“What disagreement?” 
I can feel anger rolling from him. 
“At lunch she confronted me about why I was being so distant today. I didn’t want to lie to her, but I knew that I couldn’t tell her what we were planning, which has been on my mind all day. When she suggested that it had something to do with you, I reluctantly agreed. I led her to believe that we got into a fight. I’m sorry. I didn’t know what else to say, and she had me cornered,” I say.
I flip my hand over to analyze the stitches again to avoid looking at him. My stomach pitches.
“She didn’t mention it, but it doesn’t matter. You made the right choice,” he says, his shoulders relaxing. 
“Zeke helped me up. He knows about me. He was just being friendly and grabbed my hand to help me to my feet. He felt the connection and figured it out. I didn’t get the chance to talk to him about it,” I say. 
“That would explain his attitude toward me during Combat. Since you weren’t there, he partnered up with me and was making everything a pissing match.” 
I want nothing more than to change the subject. I don’t know how to handle Zeke right now. I am not sure what he wants or what I should tell him. 
My thoughts drifted off to Jessice. “What happened with Jessice?” I ask. 
“That’s taken care of,” he says. “I asked around this morning and apparently she left late last night. The Dean said she requested leave due to a family emergency. He said she will be gone for a few months.” 
“Do you think it has something to do with you not showing up last night?” I ask. 
“It could, but there is no need in worrying about her for the moment,” he says. 
My throbbing knee reminds me that I need to take my meds. The second they are in my hand, Damien snatches them away. 
“You need to eat first, or you’re going to get sick. I brought you some soup and a sandwich. I figured you would be hungry,” he says. I’m not sure how long I was asleep, but my stomach is talking. 
After eating and taking my pills, I’m ready to tackle the next topic, the ceremony. 
“When are we leaving for the beach?” I push the covers aside and motion to sit up. 
“Layla, we can’t go out there. You’re injured, and the doctor said that you can’t put pressure on your leg for at least three days.” Damien helps me move the covers off and get another ice pack for my knee. “We can head out Friday to do the ceremony,” he says, making it clear that it’s not up for debate. 
 “Please, Damien, I just want to get it over with; it would make me feel much better. I don’t want something else to happen, and I’m falling behind in my work thanks to my knee. I really wouldn’t like to worry about the ceremony too.” I place a hand on his arm. It feels like cheating, but I want to use every advantage that I have. 
“How are you going to get out there, Layla? I can’t carry you during the ceremony,” he says as I try to swing my leg over the bed to stand, wincing at the pain. 
“Isn’t there some way that I can heal sooner? I need to get back out there. I’m gonna go crazy in here.” I reach for my water and use it to swallow the tears that are beginning to well up. 
“There is one way, but we have to be joined. After the ceremony, I can heal you using your power. I won’t have access to that power until we are joined. I am sorry, Layla, you’re going to have to wait,” Damien says, scooting the chair back forcefully. 
I can’t help but think how cute it is that he paces when he gets upset, not to mention the way he runs his hand through his hair. 
“Can’t we do the ceremony here? I really can’t afford to wait. I’m on the fast track to a stealthy death. Every minute counts, and I have already wasted enough time. When they come back, I need to be ready,” I plead. 
After a few moments of thought, he replies, “It’s really risky. I would need someone to come and cleanse the air in here. It needs to be swept for outside energy. There can’t be anyone on the ground floor. We need fifty feet of uninterrupted space. No one can be in the circle but us,” he says. 
Well crap. There’s no way we can just walk up to the lobby and demand that everyone leave. I guess I will have to postpone the ceremony. 
I’m thinking about what I’m going to do tonight instead when it dawns on me. There is an assembly tonight. It will clear out the whole building; there will be no one around. 
“What about the assembly tonight? It will be the perfect timing. Can you find someone to cleanse the air that fast?” I’m silently pleading that he says yes and goes along with it. Once we are joined, he could heal my wounds, and I would be back in the game, only missing one Combat class. 
“It would be the perfect time; everyone on campus will be attending. I have a friend that can come cleanse the room. If we are going to do this, Layla, you need to start preparing. Are you still sure about this?” This is my last chance to change my mind about being joined with Damien for life, eternity, forever. It’s a big commitment, I know, but as I see it right now, I have no other choice. 
If I don’t join Damien and accept him as my Protector, I will surely die. Besides, I already had a peek inside his head and know that his intentions are pure. I have to do what I can to find the Pendant so I can find my parents. I can’t see a way to move on with my life until I find out who I really am. 
“I’m sure; I’ve been practically begging you for this to happen tonight. Let’s do it,” I whisper.
Damien helps me into the bathroom to bathe in the special herbs he has gathered. As soon as I’m soaking, he sets off to find his friend. 

Chapter 21
The assembly started ten minutes ago. I’m bathed and dressed in a floor--length white cotton sundress. My hair is pulled up behind my ears and braided down my back. Damien has cast the circle with salt. It runs six feet in diameter inside my bedroom. Twenty--five feet from the center he places stones in all four directions. 
There are candles lit all around the edge of the circle. I’m standing in the middle glancing at my watch again. The ceremony is now fifteen minutes in, and my knee is throbbing again. We need to hurry this up. Just then, Damien enters, closing my door and joining me in the circle. 
“Are you ready to get started, Lay?” He asks, laying his hands gently on my shoulders. 
“Yes, how long will it take?” I’m anxious to get started. I’m not sure how much longer I can stand on my knee without crying out in pain. My face twists more with each passing second. 
“Not long, about ten minutes. Let’s get started.” He takes a few steps back and picks up a grimoire. He begins reading in a language that I can’t understand. I am pulled in by the way his voice ebbs and flows, the way his eyes are lit with the candle light. 
He looks so handsome. Passion begins to well up inside me. I am going to be joined to him for eternity. 
He reaches a stopping point and hands me a dagger. “This is the tough part, Layla. You will have to make a cut over your heart and let the blood drip into the circle. It will activate the Joining, and when I say your name, it will be complete.” He hands me the dagger. It’s the same one that I saw him wield when we were attacked by the Morphon. Gosh, it seems like forever ago when we were attacked by the shifter.
I take the handle, trying to hide the fact that my hands are shaking. I place it over my heart and press. I can feel the sting of the blade as it slices open my tender flesh. Hot blood drips down my breast. I collect it in the cup that Damien handed me and, as he had directed, scatter it around the circle. 
Without touching, Damien looks into my eyes. 
“Layla,” Damien calls me.
“Layla, are you okay?” I hear a pounding on the door at the same time. Both my eyes and Damien’s eyes grow wide as I feel the rush. We are connected. All of our emotions are out in the open. It’s like a book; I can read his thoughts. I can feel his power. It takes my breath away. 
I realize then that I am feeling a worry feeling that isn’t coming from me. It’s coming from him and from someone else. My powers really are stronger now. The task of finding the Pendant is a little less daunting now. 
The banging comes again. “Layla, I know that you’re in there. I can feel it. Answer me.” 
I take a step to answer the door, and my knee starts throbbing again. This time it’s shooting pain up my thigh. My medicine has worn off; I need some more. 
Damien is there by my side, able to feel what I’m feeling. A soft glow lights his eyes from our mixed powers.
“Layla, I know that you are hurt, open up. I just want to make sure that you’re okay,” Zeke says. 
I can see Zeke standing outside my door. I can feel the frustration rolling off him. My new-found abilities bring a smile to my face through the pain. 
Damien, answer the door, please. I would like to talk to Zeke. 
Without a word, Damien walks over and unlocks the door. Zeke stands up a little straighter when he sees Damien. I can feel everything that they are feeling. As Damien steps back, I can feel Zeke’s surprise turn into anger. I can feel equally powerful anger coming off Damien for being disturbed. It’s all giving me a headache. 
Zeke rushes to the bed. He looks at the blood dripping down my chest, staining the gown crimson. “Are you all right? What happened?” he asks. 
Although his question is directed at me, Damien answers. “She’s fine. We just completed the Joining ceremony. If you will move, I will heal her knee and hand.” 
Now Zeke’s anger isn’t just directed at Damien, but at me too. I can hear it in his thoughts. 
How could you let him claim you? You didn’t give me a chance. I could have been right for you. I know it isn’t meant for me to hear, but I can’t stop listening.
The hurt is there too, although smothered by the anger. I touch Zeke and pull back when I feel the warmth, more than there was before. I thought that once I was joined with Damien that I wouldn’t connect with other Protectors anymore. 
I can definitely feel the same connection that I had when I touched Damien. And it’s hot, like melt--your--skin--off hot. I think Joining has made my connection to other protectors worse. 
Damien holds his hands above my leg, and I can feel our magic mixing. I can feel each cell shifting into place, the cut on my chest and the gash in my hand closing. I feel whole again. 
I take a second to stand up and stretch out. Man, it feels good to be on my feet again. I should head back to the doctor’s office first thing tomorrow to get cleared for classes. I can’t believe that I can heal that easily, with help of course.
“Damien, would you mind getting the stones? I need a few minutes alone with Zeke,” I ask. Damien gives me a weary look before turning to walk out. I can feel his anger dissipating the further he goes. 
I trust you, Layla. We are joined now; he won’t touch you. 
As soon as Damien walks, out Zeke pounces. He fists my hair in his hand and yanks my head back. He’s not slow and smooth like Damien. This is more primal, more urgent. His lips crush my mouth. His tongue pries open my lips and takes what he wants.  
His other hand pulls me closer and runs down my back. I can feel my body’s response to his assault. It betrays me by responding. I force my way out of his arms. 
“What are you doing? I am joined with Damien.” I turn my back to him. The hunger in his eyes is too much. My emotions are a mess right now. I need to get this under control.
“It didn’t work. If it did, then we wouldn’t have a connection,” he says. What is he talking about? Of course I am joined to Damien. I was there. I can feel everything with him. I could feel our powers mixing. I don’t know what went wrong, but clearly there is something going on here.
“Yes I am.” I’m not sure why I feel the need to argue. “I can feel it. We are joined. I could feel him using my powers to heal me. He can only do that if we’re joined.” It doesn’t make sense. 
I try to feel for anything that’s going on. I can sense Damien outside, giving me time to talk to Zeke. I can feel Zeke right in front of me. I can feel his power. I can feel his emotions. I can feel his heart. I can actually hear his heart. Who knew I would get crazy senses once we were joined? 
High on conjoined powers, I glare at him, daring him with my eyes to explain it. 
“We have a connection too. I can feel it,” he says. “I can hear your heartbeat, Layla, I can hear your thoughts and the ones that you don’t keep balled up. I can feel your power. I can tell that you are confused. That wouldn’t happen if we weren’t joined; it didn’t happen before . . . .” His thoughts trail off. I can feel the truth; I just don’t understand how I can be projecting my powers onto him. 
“This has to be a misunderstanding. You shouldn’t have my powers. I can feel them on you. How is that possible?” I look him up and down.
His eyes are glowing. Zeke’s eyes are glowing. They shouldn’t be glowing with my power. Damien’s eyes only started glowing with my power after we were joined.
Zeke and I were joined too. How is that possible? It’s the only explanation. He said my name at the same time as Damien. Zeke was within the stone circle, but he wasn’t in the candle circle. It’s impossible to be joined to Zeke.  
I can see my thoughts in Zeke’s head. I can see the shock registering, confusion, and, after a moment, I can see the joy. He wants a chance; he wants to prove that he can protect me just as well as Damien. 
I can see his story like a book. It takes far less energy than pulling thoughts from Damien.
I am the first Suppliant that he has met. He has felt an attraction to me from the moment he laid eyes on me. I can see the scene replaying in his head. I’m sitting in the courtyard on orientation day. I look lonely. My eyes light up at our conversation. He wants to reach out and touch me. 
I feel Damien making his way back into the building, pulling me out of Zeke’s memory. 
Please go. I need to be the one to tell Damien, I plead. He nods his head in understanding and leaves. 
How am I going to tell Damien? How am I going to handle this? 
I have known Damien a lot longer than I’ve known Zeke. Damien was there with me when my world was rocked by my parents’ admission. He’s a friend to me and has helped me through all of the life changes that have happened since. 
Then there’s Zeke, who I just met. I get the feeling that Protectors are not very common either, so I feel like I should at least give him a chance to protect me. 
I guess it doesn’t really matter now; I am joined to both of them. Thoughts of uncertainty are flying all around. I know that as soon as Damien gets close enough, he’s going to see everything, so I reinforce my mental wall. 
“You look tired. We can clean the salt up in the morning,” he says. I could get used to him being able to read my feelings. I hadn’t realized how tired I was until then. I give Damien a nod and a feeble “good night.”
I can feel Zeke back in his room. I didn’t know that his room was that far away. Our new connection is causing an aching feeling in my chest. It doesn’t really hurt; it’s just annoying. Zeke is going to have to move closer. 

Chapter 22
I rise early and get dressed. Then I head off to the cafeteria to get breakfast and am waiting at the clinic when Doctor Hester walks in for the day. 
“What a lovely surprise, Layla. What are you doing out of your wheelchair? You should take your injury seriously, or you could injure yourself permanently.” She unlocks the office and motions me inside. 
“I am here to get cleared for all of my classes. I’m healed.” She glances down at my knee, speculation written all over her face. 
“Let’s have a look then,” she says. I pull up my pants leg and look at my knee with her. There are no marks, and the swelling is gone. Her mouth is practically touching the ground. 
“Can I see your hand?” she asks. I take off the bandage and turn my palm up. The wound is completely healed, making the stitches look out of place.
“I have learned not to ask questions after working here for some time, but it appears that you are correct. Feel free to attend your classes this morning. I will inform your professors,” she says. After she takes out the stitches placed there only the day before, I thank her. 
“Layla, if you have any problems in the future, don’t hesitate to contact me,” she says. I nod and head back to my room. I still have an hour before my first class starts. 
My mood instantly lifts as I get closer to my room. That’s one less thing that I have to worry about. I am healed and protected, though being dually protected just adds to my stress level. 
I decide that it’s best to get it over with. I’m not sure how Damien will take it, but I don’t think it will be good. With intentions of telling Damien everything, I steer myself toward his room.
...
Damien opens the door with a smile. I mentally check to make sure that my wall is still intact, and it is. Damien pulls me inside and closes the door. Then he takes me into his arms for an embrace. 
Though I’m not ready for a romantic relationship with him, I can’t resist his touch. Now that we’re connected it’s so much stronger that it dominates my thoughts around him.
It’s powerful. I can feel everything. I can feel his heartbeat speeding up, causing his body heat to permeate mine. I can feel his emotions and hear his thoughts. He pulls back with a grim look on his face. 
“What are you hiding from me? You’ve blocked me out.” Damien turns to pace the room, running a hand through his hair. 
“Damien, I have something to tell you. Last night didn’t go exactly as planned. There was a complication,” I say, still not sure how to put this. 
“What complication? We are joined, I can feel it,” he says. 
“Yes we are.” I take a step toward him, and lay my hand on his arm to console him. “Zeke was there. He was in our circle when we joined. I am joined with him too,” I say, feeling relieved to get it off my chest. 
“That’s impossible. Why are you saying that?” He pushes my hand away. 
“I have a connection with him too. I feel the same way with him as I do with you. It’s hard to explain, but I know it’s true,” I say. 
“Layla, Joining doesn’t work that way. You can only join with one Protector. There has never been a Suppliant who has joined with two Protectors before. If it were possible, we would know about it. You are joined with me, not Zeke,” he says.
Oh great, I didn’t expect denial. I figured he would be angry, but not dismissive. My anger starts to rise up in my throat. I want to scream. So I do the only thing that I can think to do to let Damien know that I’m serious. I let my wall down. 
I think back to the Joining and the time that Zeke and I spent together right after. I remember the fire in his kiss, and the ache that I felt when he left. 
When it’s over, Damien is staring at the ground. Understanding laces his face. Disbelief is in his voice. “We need to go see the Shaman. He can tell us if this is true or not.” 
“Who is the Shaman? How will he know?” I ask with equal parts curiosity and hope. If this isn’t true and I’m only joined with Damien, that would uncomplicate my current situation. 
“The Shaman is very powerful. The Native Americans used the Shaman as a medicine man, but he’s much more than that. He has a connection with the Realms and receives knowledge and wisdom because of it. Although I must warn you, if he doesn’t think it will benefit anything, he may not help us,” he says. 
“It’s worth a shot; we have to try. I want to get this mystery solved so we can move on,” I say.
...
The Shaman is located in a remote part of campus. His office looks more like an herbalist’s office than what I expected. He leads us in and tells us that he has been expecting us. 
“How can I help you?” I thought he would look like a Native American Indian, but he looks like a Wizard. He carries a tall staff with an opal--looking stone to accentuate it. He has long white hair and a long white braided beard. His robe is blue with twinkling yellow stars. 
I look around his office. There are bookshelves built into every wall, covered in books. His desk is in the center of the room and is rather cluttered. There are papers lying skewed and books that are opened. 
He has a crystal ball that looks like a snow globe setting on the corner of his desk. I glance inside to see a swirling mist of blue. Blue fits my mood perfectly at this moment. 
On the wall with the entrance are shelves covered in bottles. I can only assume they are potions. Some have what look to be dried herbs. This must be where Damien gathered the necessary materials for the ceremony. 
“There has been a problem. The ceremony did not go as planned. There happened to be another Protector in the circle calling for Layla as the Joining was complete,” Damien speaks in hushed tones. 
“I see.” The old man begins to scratch his beard. “Is there a connection to either Protector?” 
“Both,” I speak up. 
“This seems to be a problem,” the Shaman says. “There has never been a Suppliant joined to more than one Protector before, but that doesn’t mean that it isn’t possible. The way the ceremony works, the Protector gives the opening to the spell, but the power to close the spell comes from the Suppliant’s blood. In theory, if the blood is powerful enough, the Suppliant can take on two Protectors. There was a case once when a Suppliant tried this feat. She was killed in the process, as were both Protectors. But it is possible.” He studies my face. 
“You must be very powerful young lady,” he says. I can feel the surprise rolling off Damien. I am in shock myself. I was hoping that this was not the case, and that I was mistaking my connection with Zeke for mere lust, or my new powers. 
“Can I test your blood for power? It will tell us if this were possible, or if we need to look for another explanation.” A shiver runs down my spine. I want to get to the bottom of this, but the blood part is catching me up. How is he planning on getting my blood? It’s not something that I like to give away. 
Damien looks at me with sympathy. He must have seen my hands shaking last night when he handed me the knife. I need to be brave. Besides, if Damien trusts the Shaman, I should too. 
With a nod of agreement, the Shaman turns to start gathering supplies. 
He comes to me with a sterile needle. “It’s just a pin prick.” The blood starts to drip down my finger. The Shaman takes my finger and squeezes it until three drops of blood land in a small container. 
He adds a cloudy mixture to the container and watches. I’m beginning to get anxious when my blood starts to move; it starts to swirl around and then suddenly stops. It changes from bright red to the blackness of outer space. It’s separated into five different spots with a faint circle connecting each. 
“I have never seen this reaction before.” The Shaman is once again scratching his chin. 
“See these dots? They mean that you are equally powerful in all of the five realms. This circle means that you are connected to all realms. The color is the most interesting part. The darker the color, the more powerful the magic. You are one very powerful Suppliant. You are joined with both Protectors, of this I am sure,” he mumbles in awe.
I’m in shock for the second time today. I’m connected to both Damien and Zeke. I know that what I’m feeling is a Joining with both, but I hoped it was not possible. 
“You will need to keep this quiet. This is very dangerous information, Layla. You are the most powerful Suppliant that has ever come into existence. I have personally tested for the Council, and you are more powerful than all of them put together. Of course you would crumble if you lost a Protector. It would require incredible strength to overcome something of that nature,” he thinks aloud.
Somehow, I don’t think keeping it quiet will be a problem. I’m not sure that Zeke will like it and I know how pleased Damien is. I was planning on telling Trish about the Joining today, so I will have to come up with a side story for Zeke.
With a promise of confidentiality, Damien and I make our way to the stable. I need some time with Silver and my thoughts. 

Chapter 23
It’s glorious to see Silver again. I glance over as Damien rides up beside us on Bronco. We’re headed for the beach. Something about the wind in my face and the open air helps me think. 
Right now my best course of action is to continue to pretend that Damien and I are a couple. I still plan on telling Trish about Damien being my protector; I will just leave out the part about Zeke for now. 
I will have to convince Zeke to play along as my friend. This is surely going to be painful for him. I know that our Joining means that we are more physically attracted to each other, but it was by accident. 
I’m hoping that he will understand that it’s in my best interest not to come out in the open about this. I hope this will work and Trish will not be suspicious. If she isn’t suspicious, then no one else should have a reason to be. She’s our closest friend, and she watches every move that we make. 
I see the spot on the beach where Damien and I stopped last time, and Silver knowingly comes to a halt. Damien gets off Bronco and I follow his lead.
“I have a plan. I think that we should tell Trish that you’re my Protector. I’m sure that Zeke will agree to remain ‘my friend’ until we’re ready.” 
Damien takes this into consideration. “I have a better plan. We tell Trish that I’m still your boyfriend. We leave the Protector part out of it for our sake. She doesn’t need to know the details. I’m not sure that we can trust her yet,” he says. How can he not trust her? She has done nothing to be untrustworthy. 
“Damien, she is my only friend here, and I need to tell her. I can’t stand being dishonest with her.” I can feel an argument brewing. 
“You’re not lying, just omitting certain parts of the truth. You can’t tell her about the ceremony, or that we are joined. I will still be your boyfriend, and Zeke can be your friend. That’s what people should see. You’re under scrutiny as a Suppliant. There are always people watching you whether you know it or not. You have to be careful. I’m just trying to protect you, Layla. Please don’t fight me on this.” 
He runs his fingertips along my cheekbone again, sparking a white--hot fire. I know he’s right. Damien has always put protecting me first. 
“Okay, but I need to get to know Zeke too. We need to work together just as much as you and I do. Like it or not, he’s part of this now,” I say, fully prepared to get my way on this. 
I’m mentally preparing my argument when Damien’s voice breaks through my thoughts. “I don’t disagree. That’s why I think we should tell Professor Kale that you’ve decided to choose a Protector between me and Zeke. He will let us all three be partners in Combat, and the problem will be solved. When I’m not in your class, you should be Zeke’s partner. He’ll look out for you; it’s in our DNA.” 
I’m really surprised at how cool Damien is taking this. I was expecting him to be uptight about me wanting to get to know Zeke too. I thought he would consider it competition, though there is nothing that can be done. 
My brain is still reeling from everything that the Shaman told us. I can’t believe that I’m joined with both of them. I know that he thinks I’m powerful, but what did I do to deserve all of this power? I just want to get the pendant and find my parents. 
In order to do that, I need to have both Damien and Zeke cooperate because we’re all in this together. Damien’s plan is solid. With it in place, I will always have one of them around, and I can still get to know both of them better. 
 “I think that’s a good idea.” I’m starting to feel like this could work. 
“Zeke and I will have to develop a friendship. It’s the only way to sell that we will be working so close together, the three of us. Especially since neither one of us plans on leaving your side for very long,” he says. I wonder if this friendship could ever be real. 
How am I supposed to share my life with both men? I’m going to have to push that aside and take this one step at a time. The only way to recover and bounce back is one step at a time.
“What about the physical part of it? I know that it’s not fair to either one of you that I have a relationship with either of you. But I can’t be away from you, or him. I could barely sleep last night, his room is too far away,” I say. 
This confession hurts the most. I need both of them, in and around my life. None of us can help our feelings, or our connection. They have to get along for all of our sakes. 
Both men will feel my pain if they make me choose. It would also weaken my powers, and I need them strong to find the Pendant. 
“That is a bit of a dilemma. Zeke is housed across campus, and that distance must put a strain on you. For the time being, he can bunk with me. It would make sense that we are both within arm’s reach if you need us,” he says, causing hope to well up inside me. 
Damien is making the most of our situation, if it’s not ideal. I can’t help but think about how much I admire that about him. 
The ride back to the stables is quiet. 

Chapter 24
My classes that morning are quite interesting. All of my professors show concern about my situation. I’m sitting by Zeke in Powers class when Professor Dylan makes the announcement that we will be pairing off to test our powers by throwing orbs. 
I feel more nervous about this than I am about running laps around the courtyard. That is saying something because everyone knows that I am a horrid runner. 
I sit back and watch others throw orbs before I gather up the nerve to practice. 
Zeke comes up behind me to practice throwing his orb against the protected wall. I hope that there’s no one on the other side of the wall; who knows if one of the orbs can filter through. 
It’s magically protected. He places his hand on my waist and puts his nose close to my ear. I feel a shiver run down my spine, and my body starts to react, causing me to shift away a little bit. 
Stop peeking. I mentally check my wall to ensure that it’s intact. It’s crumbled a little around the edges, so I put some extra focus into it. 
“Just let your power run free; feel it, pull it toward your hand, and let it go,” he says, still closer than I like to coach me. 
I try to focus on his directions.
It’s hard to focus with Zeke being so close to me. I can feel his breath on my neck, hot and heavy. I can feel his pulse speeding up and mine matching it. 
Then I feel the magic. He’s so sneaky, he knows that if he gets this close to me that my body will react. He knows that it will cause my power to rise up in me when it feels his. It’s like a white--hot flash. It burns brighter now that I share it with two others.
It makes me nervous. It’s addicting. My powers have been growing at an exponential speed since I arrived. What will happen if I can’t control it? The last thing that I want is for anyone to get hurt. 
My palms start sweating, and Zeke backs away. You can do this. Just focus on your power. Feel it pulse through you. I can feel it. Tell it what to do. He’s coaching me from afar now.
What is that supposed to mean? How can I tell it what to do? I can’t make it rise up when I want. I feel overwhelmed. How can I do this? It’s too much to take in. I feel tears tight in my throat. Don’t let them out. Don’t show weakness. 
I take a deep breath. Take this one step at a time. I feel my power rise up again and know that it’s been waiting to be released. I know that it will feel amazing to let it go. I look at the wall and decide to let it go. 
I picture a white orb flying toward the wall. It starts to pull toward my fingertips, and I let it. At the last second, doubt sets in. What if it isn’t as big as everyone else’s? What if it’s the wrong kind of orb? What if someone gets hurt?
My fear of failure starts to take over, but it’s too late. I can see the white orb slipping out of my fingertips. I curl my hand up and try to stop it. Some of it’s already gone, but most of it gets absorbed back into my body. 
I feel a shock. It’s like sticking my finger in an electrical socket. It brings back memories of being in the vision when Jessice was shooting the red orb at me, but my orb is much more powerful.
The pain takes over, and I feel my eyes roll back. I feel my knees start to give way, and I reach for Zeke as the darkness takes over. 
...
When I come too, Zeke and the professor are the first things that I register. I look around and realize that the whole class has stopped and is looking at me. I glance at the wall and find a large black spot where the tiny orb hit. 
My immediate thought is how grateful I am that I was able to contain it. After shooting just one small orb, my spot is the largest in the class, and others have actually shot tons more. 
“You must have tried too hard to shoot an orb. It seems like you tapped out your powers trying to get that one large one off. Next time, just let it go, don’t try to build it so big,” the professor says. 
I look at Zeke, who’s smiling. He knows that I tried to stop it, and that I had only used a tiny portion of my power to shoot that orb. It could have really hurt someone. I wouldn’t be surprised if it could have killed someone that was unprepared. 
I must have this ability for something great and will have to be careful how I use it. 
I stand up and Zeke walks with me to get a drink of water. The commotion is gone, and others are back to the wall, shooting orbs. I take a moment to really look at the others shooting their orbs. I can tell where the impacts are on the wall, but I can’t see the orbs. 
How are they shooting clear orbs? Mine was white.
The white orb is the strongest, and hardest to master. It takes most with power several centuries to build up their strength to shoot white. Great, he’s listening in again. I’m going to have to get used to this. 
“You should try again.” He bends close to my ear again, “This time, let it all go. You could have seriously hurt yourself with that.” Like I need a reminder; my body is still zinging. 
We approach the wall again. I wait patiently for my turn and watch Zeke throw off some orbs. It’s like second nature to him. He’s so relaxed, like he has done it his whole life.
I have. I was raised differently than you. My parents started training me at birth, but don’t worry. My orbs are still less powerful than yours. 
I wish they weren’t. You can have my responsibility, I think.
I step up again and feel a little pride when I realize that I am able to call on my power without assistance. I must be improving. 
I direct it toward my fingers again and feel it pulling there. I can see it growing. I can picture it soaring and hitting the wall. I hope my aim is good enough. 
A second before I release it, I hear some commotion. I turn my head to see what all of the fuss is about and notice some other students arguing about who has the biggest orb. They are playing tug--of--war with a book. 
My power peaks, and I feel it release. It’s amazing. It feels so good to let it all go. A smile lights my face at my release, and then more commotion breaks out. 
Zeke grabs my arm, and I realize that it isn’t pointed at the wall anymore. When I turned to look at the students, my arm changed direction and is now pointing at the window. It must have been one of those reactions like when you sneeze, your eyes close involuntarily. 
My heart sinks. What did I do? I look to where my hand is pointing, and on the ground is the professor. Oh my goodness. What did I do? 
I feel color come to my cheeks. The tears are back in my throat, but they are there for a different reason. Sorrow takes a foothold in me. 
The class rushes up to aid the professor. There are several students huddled around his limp body when Zeke grabs my arm, pulling me closer.
“He’s not breathing. Someone get help.” The student is checking his pulse. I can tell by the grim look on his face that the professor doesn’t have one. 
Anger fills me. How could I have been so stupid? How could I let this happen? Two students rush off to get help. 
I bend down to feel his pulse for myself. There is none. He’s dying. When I touch him, I can feel his soul slipping away. I reach down inside me, and my instincts and power take over. 
I push the other students away. “Step back,” I bark. I place both hands on his chest and close my eyes. 
I can sense his soul leaving. It’s being ripped from his body. I can feel the excruciating pain. I picture my power wrapping around his soul, coaxing it back into his body.
To my amazement, it’s working. I can feel Zeke lend me his power, and his strength comes along with it. His hand is placed on my shoulder. 
The professor’s soul is returning, and it’s still a little ripped. I dig a little deeper and pull on all of my power. It’s mending his ripped soul. It has returned to his body and I’m stitching it up when the other professors arrive. 
I can see them in my peripheral view, but choose to focus on my task at hand. When the last bit of soul is stitched up, I double check with my power to make sure that everything is in the right place. 
Then I send a small jolt through his body. White sparks fly around him. 
“Step back, Layla. We need to take him to see the Shaman, and fast. He will die.” 
I hear them, but don’t pay any attention to what they’re saying. His heart starts beating and his breath returns slowly. 
“Move, Layla,” one of the professors yells at me. This time I listen. My instincts are telling me that he’s completely healed, and my body is aching all over. It takes a tremendous amount of energy to do that.
I rise to my feet, and the other two professors pounce. They both bend over him, and his eyes fly open. He begins coughing and starts to sit up. 
“What’s going on? They told us that you were dead. There was no pulse and no breath,” one of the professors says.
“How is this possible?” the other one chimes in.
The professor sits up. His coughing subsides, and someone pushes a glass filled with water in front of his nose. After he downs it, he looks at me. 
“I am so sorry. It was an accident. I got distracted.” This time I can’t hold back the tears as they begin to stream down my face. I’m so disappointed in myself, and it doesn’t help that I can feel the disapproval of the entire class weighing on me. My energy is completely drained.
I can hear the professor trying to talk, but it’s too late. I have already turned and am running. 

Chapter 25
I spend the rest of the class period holed up in my dorm feeling sorry for myself. I’m upset at myself for getting distracted, for letting that orb go. I’m mad at the universe for putting me in this situation. I am not trained, and I nearly killed the professor. I can barely hold my head up.
My shoulders are tense from all the stress, and my eyes are burning and red--rimmed. Knowing that I don’t have permission to skip my next class, I decide that I need to take a bath to relax and refresh. 
After a half--hour of soaking and reading, I decide that I need to move on. I need to learn from my mistake and work on staying focused. It could cost some innocent bystander their life if I lose focus again. 
My belly starts talking to me, and I realize that it’s lunch time. I’m jonesing to see Damien again and feel his comfort after my royal screw--up. So I grab my stuff and head off to lunch. 
I feel the eyes on me as I come to my typical table. Damien, Zeke, and Trish are already sitting there when I plop down. 
Trish’s eyes are huge when I look at her.
“Is it true? Did you kill Professor Dylan and bring him back to life in front of the entire class?” She is practically bouncing up and down in her seat at the current bit of gossip. 
I glance at Zeke and then at Damien. I’m at a loss for words. Should I tell her that it is true? I don’t want to lie to her, but at the same time, I don’t want to answer her. 
“Are you ok, Lay? You seem a bit tired.” Damien strokes my cheek. Thank you, I say, feeling relieved that he has saved me from this social fiasco. 
Zeke told me. We talked about our situation and decided that we would work as a team. He agrees that I should still be your boyfriend to prying eyes. He also agreed to room with me for now, he thinks to me. 
Again, thank you. I don’t know how I could do this without you, Damien, I think back.
“I am. I just took a bath and feel more relaxed now.” I send a thank--you to Zeke too for distracting Trish. It looks like Zeke and Damien are already on the same page. 
I enjoy the rest of my lunch period with small talk all around. Thankfully Trish doesn’t press the issue and the boys are careful not to mention anything about it. 
With ten minutes left before the end of lunch, the three of us excuse ourselves to go talk to Professor Kale. 
I can feel the prying eyes following me as we’re leaving the cafeteria. Damien slips his hand into mine, both to play the role of the boyfriend and to offer support, and once again I’m grateful. 
Once we’re in the desolate hallway, Damien stops in a nook. 
“We have decided to be friends and work together to help keep you safe,” he whispers. “It seems like the best option. Zeke can be there when I can’t, and we both want the same thing.” He’s still holding my hand, and I feel like a giddy school girl at his touch. Contact from either one of them is getting very distracting. 
“It seems like a really good plan,” Zeke says. “Plus I like the idea of being closer to you. I was glad that Damien asked me to room with him after last night. After class, I’m going to pack some essentials and head over. He got an extra key and gave it to me earlier.” Zeke is practically bouncing. 
“We have also made a pact. We know what being joined means to our relationship, and have both agreed that it is unfair to make you choose. It’s also unfair for us to expect more from you. We made a pact that neither one of us can get physical with you. I’m sure that you will agree to that,” Damien says. Is Damien asking for my permission? 
It seems fair. If I were one of them, I wouldn’t want to see their Suppliant/ wife with another protector. But from my perspective, it’s hard to ignore our connection. 
It’s best that we settled this now, so that I don’t have to watch them get hurt in the future. I know that we all share the same addiction to touch, but the other one shouldn’t have to sit on the sidelines and still feel it. 
“That makes sense,” I agree; this is the only way to make it work. 
“Layla, do you want to talk about it?” I know that Damien is asking about the orb that went astray. He doesn’t have to spell it out for me. 
“I’m just upset at myself. I let myself get distracted for a second, and it was too late. I didn’t mean to do it. I hope that Professor Dylan will forgive me.” A single left-over tear falls. My heart feels like it’s been split in two. 
I can tell by the look on both of their faces that I’m projecting my pain, so I try to reel it in. 
“He knows that. Besides, you should focus on the fact that you saved him.” Damien lets go of my hand to run his fingers down my cheek, catching the tear. It’s an odd sensation that I can share a comforting moment with him in front of Zeke and not feel shy. 
Since the Joining, I feel so much closer to both of them. We share a powerful secret, and it’s hard to keep anything from them.
“The class was in an uproar once you left. Professor Dylan told the other professors that you saved him. He could feel your presence pulling him back and putting his soul back in his body. He described the pain in vivid detail. I’m glad that you weren’t there for that.” 
I flinch. I can remember his pain from when I was putting his soul back; I had felt it too. 
“They were in disbelief,” Zeke continues. “They didn’t think it was possible to save him from the point of death. They said that the best the Shaman could have done would have been to ease his pain on the way out.” 
I’m a wreck, an emotional wreck. I don’t know how to feel. I am upset at myself for nearly killing my professor, and a little proud of myself for saving him. I would have liked to have heard them say those things. It makes me think that I did some good. But the whole disaster was my fault. 
“Don’t feel bad,” Zeke says. “His protection spell should have stopped it, but he didn’t know how powerful you are. If it was another student that hit him, it would have only stunned him for a minute. Don’t blame yourself. The whole class knew it was an accident. He used it as a lesson on focusing your power, and keeping your focus when you are using.” 
I know that Zeke is trying to comfort me, but it’s not working. “Now that is something I know that I need to work on.” With a smirk on my face, we make our way to see Professor Kale. 
Kale is sitting behind his desk when we enter his office. 
“Layla, Damien, Zeke.” He nods, looking at each one of us. We stand awkwardly in front of his desk. His office is barely large enough for his chair and desk. Somehow he manages to cram two bookcases and a filing cabinet in here too. It’s cluttered with trophies, books, and papers. 
I feel uneasy being closed--in in this cramped office with so much masculinity. Deciding to get out as quick as possible, I take point on the conversation. 
“We came to ask for your permission to work together as a team in Combat,” I say.
His eyebrow raises as he waits patiently for me to explain further. 
“It has come to my attention that Zeke and Damien are both Protectors,” I say. “I would like to work with both of them to help me make a decision of which one I would like to be joined with.” It’s only a half--lie, an omission, but I still feel guilty. 
“You have all agreed to this?” He looks back and forth to Damien and Zeke, who both nod in agreement. 
“I don’t see a problem with it. We are here to help you, Layla. Best of luck.” With murmured thanks all around, we part to change for class.

Chapter 26
 “Today we’re going to work on all of the Combat skills you have learned up to this point,” Kale announces. I look around to see some excited faces, but mostly dull, unhappy ones. 
“Grab your partners and protective gear and meet in the courtyard in ten.” Both Damien and Zeke help me get properly--fitting protective gear. It’s odd that neither one of them get any of their own. 
I saunter out into the courtyard with a mask, gloves, and elbow and knee pads. I think it’s rather stupid to make me wear all of this, since it’s only going to slow me down. The gear is bulky and stinky. At least I will get practice on focusing on the task at hand instead of thinking about the smell. 
Damien fights Zeke first to demonstrate technique. I would bet that Damien did some research on Zeke after he found out that we’re joined. He probably knows his whole life story and fighting style. 
They step up to each other, and the match begins. Zeke takes the first swing. Damien catches his arm and twists it behind Zeke’s back. 
“You’re going to have to do better than that,” Damien says. Is that a smile on Zeke’s face? If I didn’t know better, I would think that these two were enjoying this. 
After Damien lets go, he takes a step toward Zeke and shoots a punch toward his stomach. Zeke nimbly dodges out of the way and returns with a strike to the jaw. 
I can feel Damien’s anger, and I bet it has to do with Zeke making the first hit. Zeke tries to hit him again in the ribs, Damien blocks and jabs him in the chest. 
Zeke takes a step back, clearly winded. They begin to circle. It’s then that I notice that most of the fighting has stopped around us. The class is focused on Zeke and Damien. Some are cheering on Zeke, and some Damien. 
I glance back at the boys to see that Damien has Zeke in a choke hold, and Zeke wiggles out of it. At least they are careful not to mess up each other’s faces. 
“I bet Zeke is going to win. I heard that his dad taught him how to fight,” I overhear a student say. 
“Damien has won every fight he has been in since he started here. He has beat Professor Kale. There’s no way that Zeke will beat him,” another student shares.
“If Zeke fights like his dad, then he will.” Who is Zeke’s dad, and how does everyone know him?
The boys take a bow and call a draw, the crowd disappointed. As Professor Kale rounds the corner, it quickly disperses. 
“Now let’s see what you learned, Layla,” Zeke offers. 
I step up and raise my fists. I have no idea how to fight. This is the first fight I have ever been in. I hope that Zeke takes it easy on me. 
Zeke takes a step toward me, and I try to punch him. He catches my hand much like Damien had, and pulls it behind me. The pain from my twisted limb infuriates me, fueling my urge to fight. I pound on his foot, and he reflexively pulls away to nurse his wound. 
“Practical, and girly.” Damien is critiquing me without judgment. 
“It worked,” I smirk back. 
Zeke sneaks up behind me and wraps an arm around my neck. I can feel my wind pipe being crushed. I can’t breathe. I’m upset that he’s not being fair but then again, neither am I. Wiggling, I elbow him in the ribs as hard as I can. 
I manage to knock enough of the breath out of him that he lets go. I turn around and slap him right in the face. 
I hear Damien chuckle as Zeke stands there, clutching his stinging cheek. 
“Okay, that’s enough. Let’s start with the basics, Layla.” Damien beckons me over. I have already worked up a sweat, and the stinky pads are starting to smell worse. 
We go over to a tree with a punching bag hanging from it. 
“You need to learn how to punch first.” He demonstrates how to throw a proper punch while I watch.
Zeke walks over. “What was that for?” 
“You weren’t playing fair. So why should I?” I start to reach for his face to heal it and think better of it. 
“Layla, if you are attacked, you can bet that the other party isn’t going to play fair,” Damien says. “Zeke was teaching you a valuable lesson. He did the right thing by challenging you.”
Damn him for being right. I know Zeke was just keeping me on my toes. 
“Now try this.” He punches the bag with a swift jab. Zeke is standing in the shade with his red cheek to the tree. 
I try to mimic Damien. “Put your body into it, follow through.”
My frustration flares. I’m not any good at this and they know it. It’s going to take me forever to be able to defend myself. 
After I throw off a few good--enough punches, Damien shows me how to block. 
“Try to hit me.” 
I jab for his ribs with all my might. He’s pissing me off by pointing out everything that I’m doing wrong, so it isn’t hard to hit him. 
He brings his arm down tight to his ribs, and my hand bounces off. We try this a few more times, and each time I am unsuccessful. 
“Now I’m going to hit you; try to block it.” His words hadn’t yet registered when his fist comes barreling toward my stomach. I try to pull my hands down, but I’m too late. A burning pain radiates through my stomach, making me cough. My lungs are burning with each breath. 
“Did you have to hit her?” Zeke rushes to my defense. I check my wall, and it’s down for the count. I guess it’s a good thing that during a fight, I will automatically lower my wall so my Protectors can sense my danger. 
“She won’t learn if I don’t.” Damien looks a little guilty. Both of them can feel my stomach burning. 
“Just calm down and breathe, Layla; it will go away in a few seconds. He just knocked the breath out of you.” Zeke is running his hand down my back. 
“I’m fine. Try again,” I say when I’ve caught my breath. Damien looks amused and jabs me a few more times in succession. 
I manage to block one blow to my ribs, but by the time he stops, I’m doubled over in pain. I can feel blood rushing to the surface in my abdomen. I know that I will be in pain for a few days, and the bruises will be hideous. 
Zeke is instantly at my side with a plastic cup of water, and Damien is trying to pull up my shirt to see the damage, when Professor Kale’s voice breaks through. 
“Gather around class. I have something to tell you,” he says.
I push both boys away and limp over to hear the announcement. 
“It has come to my attention that some of you are using magic to fight. This class is called Combat, not Powers. Save your powers for another time. Chances are that you and your partner are not ready to try to defend yourself against magic, and someone will get hurt.” He was looking around, expecting pure obedience. 
“That’s doubtful. We need to learn how to defend ourselves against both. In the real world we don’t get to pick and choose how our opponent will fight us. We need practice.” 
I can’t believe that someone has spoken up and challenged him. The speaker sinks back into the crowd, trying not to draw any more attention. 
“It seems a demonstration is in order. Damien?” he says. Please say no, I think toward him. I don’t want you to get hurt. Why did Kale choose Damien; why not ask for a volunteer? That would have settled the argument.
Lay, he chose me because I’m the most experienced here. I will be fine. 
I’m getting the feeling that Kale is challenging Damien. There must be something there that I don’t know about. 
As Damien draws near to Kale, the class pushes closer. Everyone is eager to watch a fight with powers. 
Kale takes his stance, and Damien follows suit. Kale jabs at him and shoots an orb with his other hand. Damien has a choice to make in a split second. He can either block the orb or the punch. 
Damien pulls back his hand and shoots an orb at Kale, which leaves his chest open for the punch. He tries to bring his arms down, but it’s too late. The blow to the chest knocks him back a few inches. 
“When you fight with magic, you can either block the magic, or block the attack. Either choice leaves you vulnerable. As you can tell it’s even hard for someone that’s advanced to accomplish. You will practice fighting with magic after you master the basics of combat. Thank you, Damien.” They both take a bow and Damien walks away. 
“Class is dismissed,” Kale says.
On my way to the locker room, I hear the students abuzz with gossip about magic and fights. Lucky them, I think, if they only knew. 

Chapter 27
When I get back to my room, Zeke is waiting on the couch in the lounge area. Sitting next to him is a packed bag. Terror hits me for a split second that he might be leaving, before it dawns on me that he’s moving in with Damien. 
Zeke looks up with a knowing smile. “I scared ya. I just wanted to let you know that I was making the transition.” He smiles.
I walk over to unlock my door, and he follows me. Once inside, he asks, “Layla, do you want to talk about it?” 
About what? The fact that I nearly killed the professor then saved his life? Or the fact that Damien is pissing me off with all of the critiquing? Couldn’t he have spared me a little? 
“Your abdomen. How is it?” 
Oh, he’s talking about my health. 
“It’s fine, just some minor bruising. I’ll live,” I insist. He reaches for my shirt hem, and I let him lift it. 
I follow his eyes as he lifts my shirt. I figure it’s time to face it. I purposely haven’t looked at it yet. I know my body well enough to know that the trouble that I have had breathing is due to my bruised abdomen. 
His face twists in anger when he sees the purple bruises dotting my stomach. He touches a swollen rib, and I wince. 
“I should teach him a lesson.” He pulls my shirt hem back down. 
“That’s funny; that’s what Damien was trying to do to me.” I try to make light of the conversation. “He’s right. I need to learn how to fight. The best way to do that is to jump in and try. I’m fine.” I try to calm him down, but I’m not feeling too great about the bruises either. 
“A broken rib is hardly fine. He went too far. I won’t let him lay a hand on you again,” he says, his protective instincts kicking in. Why do I constantly feel the need to defend one of them to the other? I agree, it hurts to breathe, and Damien did go a little too far. That doesn’t change the fact that he did it for my own good. 
I am on a time limit. My life could end very shortly, if I don’t learn how to defend myself from both magic and attackers. 
“Zeke, did he tell you about Queen Nema and Jessice?” I ask. “She sent Jessice to find me, and I had a vision. She was going to kill me. My life is in serious danger, which is why I agreed to the Joining ceremony in the first place. I need to learn how to defend myself, and it needs to happen fast. I faked a vision and sent Queen Nema after the Vampires for the Pendant, but it won’t last long. She’s probably already figured it out. She will come after me again. I don’t have much time.” I try to get through to him how urgent my predicament was. I am glad that Damien already placed that privacy crystal in my room. 
“You probably can’t breathe. You need to heal,” he says. I can’t tell what he’s thinking about Damien at the moment. It’s hard to focus when it hurts to breathe.
“Did you hear what I said? Doesn’t that scare you off? The Queen of the Dark is after me!” I’m shouting at him, trying not to wince. I don’t want him to get hurt, especially if he doesn’t know what he was getting into. 
“I don’t care. Layla, we can’t change the past. I am your Protector now too. You need to heal. Let me heal you,” he says. As much as I want to deny him, he’s also right. It hurts to breathe. I do need to heal. I nod at him and turn to sit on the bed. 
I take off my shirt and look at him. He’s completely focused on healing me. I wish I could be like that. My mind is constantly racing, unable to truly focus. 
He places one hand on my broken rib and the other on my stomach. At first I feel the pain of the injury. Then I feel the pleasure of his touch. I can feel Zeke’s dedication and focus. 
I feel the warm glowing sensation and the heavy pull on my power, and then the pain eases. Within a few minutes it’s gone. It takes longer this time to heal. It must be because of the broken bone, or it could be due to my overuse of power recently. 
This time when he looks at me, I can feel his concern shift to hunger. Oh no, don’t put me in this position. The sparks start to caress my stomach and ribs where his hands are. 
Zeke pulls away and turns to pick up his bag. I take a moment to put on my shirt. Anger and passion swirl around us. 
Zeke starts walking to the bathroom door. 
“Zeke,” I say his name. He turns to look at me then. 
“Thank you for looking out for me.” I’m sincerely touched at his level of devotion. His only concern is me. 
With a nod, he’s gone, leaving me alone with my thoughts. 

Chapter 28
I have a few hours before dinnertime, so I make my way to the library. I had set out on the task of finding out more about the Suppliant blood lines. 
On my way through the stacks, I run into a few students that I know from class. We exchange casual hellos, and they leave me with my books. 
I snuggle up in the reading corner, the bench under the window, and flipped open the first book.
Through my research I discover that Suppliants normally choose Light or Dark based on their ancestors. Great, now I’m really stuck. I don’t have any clue what line my mother came from. It’s harder to piece the information together because I was raised in the human world. 
By my logic I could have come from either Light or Dark. Either previous Suppliant could have birthed me and transported me to the human world, and because of the difference in time between the Zeather Realm and the Mortal Realm, it’s impossible to determine. I need more to go on. 
I’m hopeful that my mother wanted me; she probably only gave me up to protect me. If that’s the case then she must have come from the Light line. 
I flip through the textbook until I find the history of the Light line. 
The Light line of Suppliants came from the most powerful of White Witches, Melinda. They are associated with the Light Queen and pride themselves in doing well. This also must be why the prophecy said I would find the Pendant for the Light side. 
White Witches have special powers of healing. They are able to heal strangers and have worked for many years as apothecaries. 
They also specialize in herbal medicines. They believe that their powers should be used only when necessary, and only for the greater good. 
The White Witches, although a dying breed, are equally as powerful as the Dark Witch line. 
There were two Dark Suppliant lines originally, and both originated from the Dark Witch line of Hazen. The lines split when identical twin Suppliants, Yelsa and Desorto, came of age. Yelsa and Desorto had a falling out and went their separate ways. The line of Yelsa has since withered and died. 
The Dark Witch line typically presents with the power of necromancy, or brining the dead back to life. 
They are associated with the Dark Queen and use their powers freely for a purpose that suits their needs. 
The Dark Witches specialized in making potions and casting spells. The grimoire of a Dark Witch is said to be one of the most powerful tools in all of the realms. 
The blood lines of a Suppliant are very important to the breed. The powers that manifest in a young Suppliant help her identify with their predecessors, and ultimately declare a side. 
I have both the powers of the White Witch line and the Dark Witch line. That doesn’t rule out either line. I just want to know more about my birth parents. I need to know more about my powers to find a clue. 
Frustrated, I shelve the books and head back to my dorm. 
...
It’s already dark outside by the time that Damien, Zeke, and I make our way to the dining room. I’m expecting the typical buffet of food, but surprised to see that there’s a chef doing hibachi--style food. 
I make my plate and head to our table. 
It’s a clear night. The stars twinkle in the sky, but I don’t recognize any of the constellations. Shortly, Damien and Zeke join me at our table. 
We are engaged in a conversation about my broken ribs when Trish walks up with her tray. 
“I figured I would find you guys here. Isn’t it crazy how we always eat at the same time?” Trish is her bubbly self. I swear nothing can knock her off her game. 
Damien reaches for my hand to play the couple in love. As much as I enjoy his touch, it confuses me more. I give him a smile, and he returns his with a wink. 
I’m watching Trish out of the corner of my eye to make sure that she is taking the bait. Lucky for me, Trish watches our every move. I think she must have a crush on Damien, but doesn’t want to admit it. 
“Why is it that every time I see you guys, Zeke is still hanging around? Don’t you get sick of watching all of the lovey dovey stuff?” She turns and looks at Zeke, awaiting a response. 
I’ve never thought about it. It must look pretty odd to her. 
“Damien is my friend. It’s part of being a good friend,” Zeke says, skipping around the truth. I’m sure that he does get sick of Damien always playing the boyfriend role, especially since he has the exact same connection to me. 
“I still think that it’s weird that all of the girls are always watching you and Damien, and you never seem to notice them. I can understand Damien’s oblivion; he’s completely taken with Layla,” she says. I can’t help but think that she has a good point. I can tell that Trish isn’t going to drop it, and I don’t like where this is headed. I hope she doesn’t suspect anything. 
Zeke just shrugs his shoulders and puts another forkful in his mouth. 
I knew she would start to question our relationship. We spend too much time together, Damien thinks to both of us. We need to do something.
Like what? Say that Zeke is gay? I pipe in. 
I am clearly not gay. I understand where she’s coming from though. To the rest of the world, I’m the third wheel, Zeke thinks.
What should we do? Zeke needs to be around me for protection, I think. I still need to get to know both of you. 
He needs a girlfriend. Leave it to Damien to think it. 
It makes sense; if I have a girlfriend and just hang out with you guys as friends, no one would question it, Zeke puts in. 
I don’t like it. You will have to pretend to be a good boyfriend, which means choosing her over us, I say. You would have to sit with her and spend time alone with her. 
I don’t like it one bit. Zeke will lose focus on his mission. Deep down inside it must be bothering me that Zeke is going to give his attention to someone else, but I can understand the logic. I just don’t want to lose Zeke before I have him. 
I could make her part of our group, like Trish, Zeke thinks. I wouldn’t spend that much time with her, and I would always make sure Damien was there when I’m not. I’m your Protector first, Layla. 
You should do it, and do it soon. You don’t want Trish asking any more questions. Damien’s decision is final, but I still don’t like the thought of Zeke getting pulled away. 
I hate to admit that I am starting to like our arrangement. Both Zeke and Damien are spending time with me, paying attention to me. I was never the center of attention at Grant High; I was never the popular kid, but now I am. I hate to say that I don’t want to lose that. 
“Anyone up for seconds?” Zeke and Damien stand to go get more, leaving me with my thoughts, and Trish. 
“I guess they need it after the workout we had in Combat today. By the way, I saw Damien pounding on you. I couldn’t believe how hard he was hitting you; it looked painful. You must be bruised.” Trish sounds concerned. 
“Nope, it looked worse than it was. I don’t have a bruise on me,” I say. 
I don’t want to tell the truth and raise her suspicions. She doesn’t know that my life is in danger, because if she did, she would want to know why. I can’t risk that becoming public knowledge right now, so I settle for another half--lie. I hate this. I wish I could really confide in her. 
“So tell me about Powers today. The whole school is talking about it,” Trish says. I guess she really loves gossip, especially if it has to do with me or Damien. 
“It was just an accident. I was practicing shooting orbs when I got distracted and let one go; it accidentally hit Professor Dylan. Thankfully when I got there, he was fine. I just knocked him out for a second.” I hope she will accept my explanation and not push it. 
I can’t tell her how I pulled his soul back, with the tip of my fingers. I can’t risk telling her how much power that took, or the pain that it caused. I can’t tell anyone. 
“That’s not what I heard. I heard that you killed him and brought him back to life,” Trish says. 
Great, there’s not a chance in the world she’s going to drop it now. 
“All right, Gossip Queen. I’m going to start calling you GQ. The professor is fine, and it was an accident. I already feel bad as it is. Please don’t push it,” I plead as Damien, Zeke, and a stranger appear in my line of sight. 
Who is that? Don’t tell me he found a candidate for a girlfriend that soon. Oh jeez, Zeke, I was at least expecting to have a few days to adjust. I guess Trish was right; women are always staring at them. 
She’s average height, with shoulder--length bottle blond hair. It’s curly at the end. Her eyes are green. She has a long, straight nose, high cheekbones, and a prominent chin. She is really pretty. I hate to admit that she looks good standing next to Zeke. 
“Anna, meet Layla and Trish.” Zeke points to the table and takes a seat next to her. 
Damien swings around and takes a seat next to me. 
“You must be Damien’s girlfriend. The whole school is talking about you guys as a power couple.” Great, another gossip queen, just what our group needs. Be positive, Layla. 
“It’s nice to meet you. How do you know Zeke?” I try to put on my best smile. 
“We have a class together,” Anna says, soon saved by Trish and her GQ tendencies. Trish jumps right in and starts drilling Anna before I can. 
After dinner, Trish and Anna go their separate ways, and the three of us head back to the dorms. 
...
I’m getting ready for bed, already in my pajamas, when there is a knock on the bathroom door. Damien and Zeke stroll through, with only a moment’s hesitation. I’m glad I’m already dressed. 
“Layla, we have some news.” Damien says. “Queen Nema attacked the Vampires. She will soon find out that you sent her there on purpose to throw her off of your scent. We need a plan for protection.” Damien starts pacing the second he crosses over the threshold into my room. At least they aren’t trying to keep secrets from me. 
“She will be coming after you soon, and we agree that one of us needs to be with you at all times.” Zeke looks worried; so does Damien for that matter. They are both pacing the room. If this continues, they’re going to wear a hole in the floor. 
“Guys, I’m nervous,” I admit. It takes a lot for me to say that; I’m not used to admitting my feelings to anyone other than Ava. Too bad she’s not here right about now. She would go crazy with all of the crap I could tell her. Thanks to the connection, I feel comfortable enough to confide in both of them; besides, if my wall slipped, they would feel it anyway. 
They both stop and look at me. “We are your Protectors; we won’t let anything happen to you,” Damien says, taking a step in my direction. “I promise. I already spoke to the Dean, and he recommended that one of us be placed in each of your classes. We just have to work out the details.”
After a thirty--minute debate on schedules and who can be in what class, it’s worked out. Damien will come to first period Magical History with me, Zeke will be in second period Witchery, and Damien will be in third period Potions. Zeke is already in fourth period with me, and they both are in Combat. 
“Now that that’s settled,” Damien says, “I wanted to let you know that I asked Kale to assist us with private combat training tomorrow at the beach. We will meet there at ten.” I want to ask Damien about his relationship with Kale, but know it isn’t the time to do so. 
They bid me goodnight and leave. When the door closes, I start to cry. I can’t help it. I am so overwhelmed. I just want to get this over with. For a few moments, I allow myself to think back on my life before this. It seems like years ago. 
At the time, my life was so complicated with school and work, and all of my teenage drama. I long to have that simple life back, where my biggest problems were what to wear, getting good grades in school, and how to make new friends while being unpopular. 
I hate how many lies I have to spin, and how I can’t really be a friend to anyone here, except for Damien and Zeke. But then I remember why I’m doing all of this. I want to find my real parents. I want to know why they gave me up. The only way to do that is to find the Pendant. 
I close my eyes and drift off to sleep, enjoying the comfort I feel with my two Protectors so close. 

Chapter 29
I awake feeling joyful. I made it through my first week at The Isle. 
Saturdays have always been my favorite day of the week. I love the freedom that comes with the weekend. I don’t have as many obligations and am always able to relax and recharge for the upcoming week, especially now that I won’t be working at the library anytime soon.
I get dressed early and head to the stables. I can get a quick ride in with Silver before I have to meet Damien and Kale, if I hurry. 
The training goes well, although it takes up most of the afternoon. I use the skills that Damien taught me the day before, and I’m able to block some blows. I feel successful when I make it through training without any broken ribs. I know that there are going to be some bruises, but it will be worth it to learn how to defend myself. 
Damien tells me how he and Kale went to The Isle together and were best friends. Damien was offered a professor job just the same as Kale, when he was called away by Queen Merona. The Queen’s scouts felt my powers emerging and sent Damien to the Mortal Realm to find me.
After training, I decide to take a walk to clear my head. Damien left for the stables after we made plans to meet for dinner. Zeke waited around for a few minutes, making sure my strength was back. 
It took some convincing for Zeke to let me take a walk.  I know that Damien doesn’t want me to go alone, but I need to think. So with Zeke’s approval, I head off down the beach, in the opposite direction from the stables. 
The calming of the wind washes over me and the aching from the distance we are apart makes itself known. I need this, some time alone to think. As much as I hate the mess that the sand brings, I really love walking on the beach.
Damien is so protective. I think he knows how overwhelmed I am and how I need some time to myself, but he doesn’t want to give it to me. He’s always worried about something happening to me. I can understand where he’s coming from, but I really need my space. My parents didn’t raise me to share everything. 
Zeke has been very supportive of my privacy. I think he can relate to me on that level. I’m glad he doesn’t mind that I snuck out to have some time alone; at least he understands. 
There are some plusses to being in their heads; I have gotten to know both of them so much more lately. I feel like I can tell you how they would react before they do. 
I’m so lucky to have them. I can’t imagine going through all of this alone. 
My thoughts wander off to Zeke and his pretend--girlfriend Anna. She’s beautiful and she seems smart. I hate to admit that the reason I was against a make--believe girlfriend is because I don’t want to share Zeke, or Damien.
We are joined; doesn’t that give me a claim on them? I want them, but I’m not sure if I can have either one of them. This is all so confusing. 
I have to admit that I am jealous. Zeke is going to share himself with another girl, which is going to take the attention away from me. I would feel the same way if it were Damien. Which puts me in a pickle. When all of this is over, I will have a choice to make. How is that going to work? I am joined with each of them forever. 
Will I choose Damien or Zeke? I can tell that it’s killing them to have to share me. It has been hard on me too, but for them it’s totally different. When Protectors are joined to Suppliants, it’s all about the relationship with the Suppliant. For a Suppliant, it’s about the relationship and the protection. It’s awesome to have twice the amount of power that I should, but both Damien and Zeke deserve to be happy.
I know that whatever choice I make, it will hurt. How can I choose one over the other? I can’t break the bond. Besides if I could break the bond, I wouldn’t be able to choose who to break it with, it would be all or none. That means I would be left without protection again. 
I know that it doesn’t sound like a big deal right now, but there will come a time when I’m going to need their strength. I’m going to need to be protected. 
I walk around a large jutting rock to see the beach come to an end. Ahead is a forest with large oak trees. I check my watch and see that I still have plenty of time, so I keep going. A little exploring won’t kill me. 
I step over a fallen tree branch and just listen to the sounds. It’s so soothing to be in nature again. I can still hear the ocean, but I can also hear a stream. I can smell the salt on the air, mixed with the musk of the forest. I can hear small creatures skittering about and birds singing love songs. 
I trip on a tree root and catch myself by clinging to the tree. The world starts fading. The darkness of a vision is coming for me. Knowing that I will pass out, I lie down on the forest floor and wait for it. 
The first thing that I see is a dark field. It’s nighttime. The moon leaves an eerie glow on the grass. My vision takes me to a cave next. I look around and see red dirt on the walls. I can smell water and hear the slow steady drip. It’s very quiet. 
There is a hole in the ceiling letting in the moonlight. There are flashes of white glowing blobs flying overhead. They’re moving fast, but never touch. The end of the cave is a large circular room lit with torches. I get the feeling that they could burn forever down here. 
The moonlight is shining down through the hole in the cave’s top to illuminate a mud stand. It’s waist--high and holds a glass box. I know without looking at it that it’s the Azure Pendant. 
There is no one around. 
I take a few moments to really look at the Pendant. It’s amazing. The color is so vivid. I feel like I could get lost looking at it. 
The vision fades, and I wake up lying in the same spot still hearing the drip--drip of the water in the cave and smelling the earth. 
I stand and hurry back. I need to share this new information with Damien and Zeke.
...
I make it back to my dorm in time for the sunset. I knock on the boys’ door first and wait. After a few minutes of knocking without a response, I use my powers to tell that they aren’t there, even though our connection is telling me that we are closer together now. 
I head in my room to change and shower. When I’m hopping out of the shower, I hear a knock at my door. I hurriedly dress and pull the door opened to see Professor Dylan standing there. 
I step aside so he can enter. I don’t really feel comfortable having him in my room, but I don’t want anyone to overhear our conversation. 
“Layla, I came to visit you to say thank you. I could feel you pulling my soul back. I know that if you hadn’t help me, that I would have been dead by the time that the other professors made it there.” 
I just look at him. Did he forget that I was the reason for the accident in the first place? I don’t know what to say, when he speaks up again. 
“It was an accident. I know that. You are very powerful. Most seasoned Witches couldn’t get past my protective spell enough to stun me. I don’t blame you, but I am forever grateful.” 
I nod at him. 
“It was an accident,” I say, finding my voice. “I just wish I were paying closer attention and focusing more. It could have been prevented. I know the pain you were going through when your soul was leaving, I felt it. I hope I never have to feel it again. I am so sorry that I did that to you.” There are tears pooling in the corner of my eyes. 
The professor accepts this apology, and I feel better about the incident. If he can forgive me, I should forgive myself. 
He spends another hour in my room talking about the things that he knows about power; it’s nice of him to give me a private session. He tells me how white orbs are rare, and how much of a gift I have to be able to wield them. He tells me stories of other Suppliants and of the Queens. It’s well past dark when another knock sounds. 
This time it’s Damien. He pushes past me, looking ready to burst with information. When he sees Professor Dylan, he stops dead. 
“Where is Zeke?” He spins on me. 
The professor dismisses himself, obviously feeling the tension. 
“I don’t have a clue; he didn’t tell me anything,” I say. 
“I was called to meet the Dean,” Damien says, “and passed along a message to Zeke that he needed to cancel his dinner plans to be with you.” His shoulders stiffen and his tone sours. 
“Once again, I don’t know. I got here and the professor showed up, I couldn’t find either one of you,” I say. 
“Dammit. This shouldn’t happen. Your life is in danger. We have to be here all the time. What if the professor was working for the Dark and he tried to harm you? You could have been dead by the time I got here!” He’s practically screaming at me. 
“I just came back unharmed, and neither one of you were here. Besides, I have already proven that I can handle the professor, although not on purpose,” I say, guilt racking my tone.
“Where were you? Why did you leave without telling me? I thought Zeke was with you, since he stayed behind. You shouldn’t be left alone. Are you trying to get yourself killed?” That does it. I know he’s just concerned, but I can’t take this right now. I’m not going to let him yell at me while I just sit back and take it. 
I take a step toward him, ready to ream him out when the bathroom door suddenly bursts open. Zeke is standing there in the light. 
“Didn’t you get my message?” Damien turns and questioned Zeke; the current topic forgotten.
“What message?” Zeke responds. 
“I was summoned by the Dean to make arrangements for our schedule changes; I sent word that you needed to stay to watch Lay while I was gone. I returned to find her in the company of Professor Dylan.” The accusation is there, though it isn’t stated. 
“I didn’t get your message,” he says, and that’s that. I can feel the anger dissipate. 
“She could have been hurt badly or killed. We need to be more careful,” Damien says. I can feel that he’s still upset about it. I don’t know why. It was just Professor Dylan. I have proven that I can handle him. 
“I’m fine, Damien. There’s no sense in worrying about the past,” I say. I just want them to get along. We are in a sticky situation.
My stomach picks that moment to grumble loud enough for them to hear. 
“You must be hungry,” Zeke pipes in. 
“I skipped breakfast and was too busy for lunch. I am feeling rather famished. Let’s go get some food.” They both agree and we head to the food court. 

Chapter 30
We’re sitting at our usual table while Zeke is telling us about his date. I choose to zone out. I really don’t want to hear how well it went. 
Damien takes a minute to tell us that Dean Worthen approved our schedule changes and that they would take place immediately. I’m gearing up to tell them about my latest vision when Trish plops down. 
“You wouldn’t believe the lack of events going on here. For heaven’s sake, it’s Saturday evening, and there’s nothing going on! So I decided to host a sleepover in my dorm. I have invited a few friends. Layla, please tell me you’ll be there.” 
I feel honored. She is really the only friend that I have here. I would love to get away from the constant drama that Damien and Zeke bring into my life.
“I could use a little girl time. Count me in,” I spout out. 
What? You can’t. They are both in my head trying to convince me not to go, but I’ve already made up my mind. 
It may not be safe. We need to talk about this. I can’t tell whose thought is whose. They are coming in too fast. 
Calm down. It’s a girls’ night; what could go wrong? Besides, her dorm is not far away. This is something I want to do. You will be close enough if something happens, I try to convince them. 
My mind is made up. I will attend and there’s nothing they can do about it.
I head back to my room and pack an overnight bag before I head off to Trish’s dorm. 
...
I arrive before any of the other girls. 
“So what’s been going on? You seem distant,” Trish asks, nonchalantly. 
“I’ve just been busy with classes,” I lie. I want desperately to tell her everything. I know that she would understand. When would they think that it’s okay to confide in Trish? I really need a female perspective in all of this. I feel surrounded in testosterone all the time.
“We haven’t gotten a chance to hang out without Zeke and Damien around. It seems like one of them is always glued to your hip lately. What is the deal with Zeke anyway?” Her question seems like simple curiosity. 
“He and Damien have developed a friendship; besides, he’s okay,” I interject, trying to vouch for him. I don’t want her to think that Zeke is a creep. 
“If I didn’t know any better, I would think that he likes you.” Trish is fishing. 
“Nah. I am sure that his new girlfriend is preoccupying his mind. What do you think about her?” I ask. It’s my turn to fish. 
“You mean Princess Anna? She’s perfect. I can see how Zeke has taken a liking to her,” she says. Princess? Surely Trish didn’t mean that she’s an actual princess.
“She’s pretty. I hear she’s in the running for top in our class,” I say. I know she’s smart, but that part about being a princess had to be made up. 
“She is top. Her father makes sure of that. King Xavier is not one to be messed with, for the Council.” Trish starts making a bag of popcorn for the guests that are soon to arrive. 
“King Xavier? I didn’t know she was an actual princess.” This has to be a joke. How is it that a Zeke got reeled in by a princess?
“I forgot that you were unknowledgeable coming in,” Trish says. At this point, I don’t take offence to the term. “Her father is king of the city of Hobath here in the Magical Realm. He is so brutal and quite the perfectionist. He would accept nothing less of his only child.” The smirk on her face tells more of the story. Maybe I should get to know Princess Anna. 
The other guests arrive, and Trish plays the film she chose. I’m lost in my thoughts when an announcement comes on overhead. 
“There is an emergency campus meeting to be held in the auditorium in ten minutes. Attendance is mandatory and will be taken.” The silent threat is hanging in the air as we begin to head to the auditorium. 
The line for the sign--in booth is short when we arrive. It must be a very important announcement for them to take attendance with blood.  After a quick prick of my finger, and a bloody print next to my name, I head into the auditorium with Trish to hear the announcement.  
Fifteen minutes later, the auditorium is filled to the brim. The perky blonde takes the stand and begins. 
“The Isle has been notified of a security threat. It is nothing to be alarmed about as we take the safety of our students very seriously. For security purposes, students will be required to implement the buddy system. Any student caught out without another student on campus will be dealt with accordingly. This is for your safety, so take it seriously. This policy is effective immediately. That is all,” she says, dismissing us. 
The crowd breaks out in questions. The perky blonde begins to walk away. It’s clear that our questions will go unanswered for the time being. I sit with Trish for a few more minutes as students start to funnel out of the auditorium. 
Once in the hall, I spot Zeke and Damien. They’re looking for me. 
“I think you should come back with us,” Damien spits out as soon as I approach. 
“My stuff is at Trish’s dorm. I might as well spend the night there.” I really don’t want this anticipated pressure from them. 
“You can get it tomorrow, or we can go get it now,” Zeke speaks up. They must really want me to come back. 
“Look guys, I really need this time. This is good for me to reconnect with girls. I’m always around you guys.” I know they won’t like it, but they reluctantly agree. 
Trish heads back to her dorm with her friends to continue the sleepover, and I join them. 
We spend the first ten minutes back in the dorm speculating about the danger and threat that The Isle received. Having enough of the speculation, I excuse myself to the restroom to brush my teeth. 
I don’t want to think about threats right now. I want to enjoy the time that I have with friends. The time to deal with threats will come soon enough. 
I pull my toothpaste out of my bag and place it on my brush. I hear the words of the movie boom in the silence of the bathroom. 
I stick the toothbrush in my mouth and start brushing, before I feel the blackness coming. I try to fight it off; my visions are coming more and more now that my powers are growing. It takes me despite my efforts to hold off. 
I’m transported to another place in the Magical Realm. I can see robed members sitting around a table, having a discussion. I catch a whisper of “Nema,” and my vision zooms in on another robed member. 
“There is no way that she will find the Pendant. I doubt that even the Suppliant from the prophecy can find the Pendant. If she finds it, she can’t go there. The Geroda Realm can only be traveled by the Council. I hid it well; soon Queen Nema will destroy herself, and the Pendant will be ours.” Although it’s a hushed whisper, I can hear every word as if I were speaking it. 
The owner of the voice looks at me and smiles. Panic overtakes me; he knows I’m here, he knows I can hear him. 
The vision fades, and I come too in the bathroom. 
The first thing that registers is my toothbrush still in my mouth and the drool running down my chin. My head is resting on the corner of the mirror and it starts to ache as I lift it. 
I glance in the mirror to see that I have a gash in my forehead. It’s not very large, but there’s a trickle of blood seeping down the side of my cheek. 
I rinse out my mouth, clean up the blood, and gather my stuff. It’s time I tell Damien and Zeke about my visions. 
I head out to find Trish. 
...
It’s easier than I had imagined, getting out of there in one piece. Trish doesn’t seem to see the cut in the darkness, and they all have forgotten about the buddy system that’s now in place. I leave with the excuse that I’m not in the mood for a girls’ night with an upset stomach and head back to my dorm. 
The halls are so quiet, I can hear my footsteps. It’s weird. I’m used to being surrounded by students all day. I decide that I will play it safe and stick to the shadows. It’s only a few halls away from my dorm anyway. 
I round the corner and hear whispers. Going on instinct and not wanting to get caught, I slide into the nearest alcove and hide in the shadow. Two people walk by, but the hall is too dark to see their faces. 
I hear them whispering and strain my ears to hear what’s being said. 
“There was an attack. Queen Nema has sent troops to The Isle. They were caught attacking a ship not far from here. The Council is sure that they are already here hiding amongst our students and professors. They have access to a cloaking spell that can hide or disguise them,” the first voice speaks up. 
“How can The Isle defend itself if it can’t identify the enemy? What could she possibly want on The Isle?” the second voice sates, as they move on. Guilt racks me. I am the reason for the attack. When they are out of earshot, I slink from the shadow and slide quietly to my dorm. I can’t help the feeling of being watched. 
I hear footprints behind me and speed up my pace. 

Chapter 31
Once inside my room, I breathe a sigh of relief. I need to talk to Damien and Zeke after my heartbeat slows down a bit. I’m headed over to unpack my bags when the bathroom door flies open. 
Damien and Zeke are coming through in a hurry. They are in attack mode. Their eyes are wild and their bodies rigid. 
The look of shock registers on their features. 
“Lay, what are you doing back? We heard a noise and thought that someone broke in,” Damien explains. 
“What the hell happened to your head?” Zeke comes rushing over when he sees my wound. Damien is just a step behind him. 
“I had an accident; it was nothing.” I brush their hands away, but that doesn’t stop them from pulling my hair aside. By now it’s matted to the dried blood. 
“It doesn’t look like nothing. Zeke get a warm wash cloth,” Damien goes to work cleaning the wound and putting a butterfly bandage on it. 
“How did this happen?” Zeke is asking while pacing again. 
“That’s what I came to tell you. I have had two visions that I needed to share with you.” I tell them about my first vision. I recalled my trip to the cave and the vague feeling that I was in the Geroda Realm and how to Pendant was pulling me to it. I let my wall down to show them the image that was burned in my memory.  
 “The second vision came a few minutes ago while I was in the bathroom at Trish’s.” I tell them how the council member was talking about Queen Nema trying to find the Pendant and how it was stashed away in the Geroda Realm where I can’t get to it. It confirmed my feeling from the previous vision. “When I came too, I made an excuse to leave and walked back.”  
“By yourself?” Damien asks. “Layla, you know better than that, especially after the meeting that was just held for the entire student body. You need to be more careful.” 
“On the way back, I overheard some people talking about Nema,” I say, telling them the details of the attack on The Isle. 
“What? They kept an attack from us?” Zeke is livid. I can feel it rolling off of him in waves. 
“Why was your heart racing when you got back?” Damien questions. “It made us think that you were an intruder.” 
“I felt like I was being followed. I heard footsteps in the hallway, but no one was around, and the hair on the back of my neck started to stand up. I just got spooked with all of this talk, especially about the cloaking.” I try to brush it off, hoping that they wouldn’t make a big deal of it. 
“You need to trust your instincts, Layla,” Damien says. “You should have had someone walk you back. It’s for your own safety. What would have happened if you were attacked?” 
I can tell that Damien is right back to his old self, concerned for my safety. Zeke and I are still flustered over the events of late. 
“You need to take one of us with you from now on.” Zeke stops pacing and turns toward us. I can feel that his anger is dissipating and his protective side is kicking in. 
“I agree. We will walk you wherever you need to go. It’s not worth risking your safety.” Damien lays his hand on my thigh. 
“I guess there are worse things than being followed by a bunch of hunks,” I joke, making the boys laugh. 
“I will talk to the Dean about stepping up your training,” Damien says. “We might need to leave sooner than anticipated. If it’s true, and Nema has already made a move, then we need to get you out of here. Let’s not make any plans yet. I need to find out if this is true or not.” Damien stands and heads for the door, leaving Zeke behind. 
“He’s right, Layla. You could have gotten yourself into a world of trouble. You could have easily been attacked. We only want to protect you.” Zeke sits next to me on the bed. 
“I know. I was really scared. I could feel someone watching me. I just wanted some time to spend with the girls, and it turned into quite a night.” I laugh at the irony. I left the boys to relax and ended up more on edge than ever before. 
My eyelids are starting to close, and I feel Zeke scoot closer. He wraps his arms around me, and for the first time in what feels like forever, I am able to completely relax. My last thought before sleep overtakes me is how safe I feel being near them. 

Chapter 32
When I wake up, I roll over and smell him. Realization hits that he was holding me last night when I fell asleep. I feel embarrassed for a minute and blush before I remember his pact with Damien. 
Zeke smiles at me. “Good morning. Did you sleep well?” 
“I did. I slept surprisingly well,” I say, blushing deeper when Zeke runs his hand down my arm. 
“Remember your promise not to go anywhere without one of us,” he says, bending down to kiss my forehead before heading to the bathroom. 
“Damien took a shower a few minutes ago, so I’m going to take one quickly. Come find me when you’re ready to go,” he says. 
I take a few more minutes to wake up and stretch, waiting until Zeke is out of the shower. I wonder what the day will hold. As far as I know, this is my only free day of the weekend since I spent yesterday training on the beach. 
I can do whatever I want to do today. I think about it for a moment and decide that I would like to take a swim and work on my tan; I am still a teenager for the moment. 
So I head to the shower when I hear Zeke has finished and then gotten dressed.
Zeke answers the knock on Damien’s door. I’m holding my beach bag with all of the necessities. 
“Come on in.” He opens the door and I step inside. 
“Damien went to talk to the Dean.” Zeke has his laptop sitting open on the desk so he goes over to close it. 
“I thought he went last night,” I say, taking a seat on the empty chair. 
“He tried, but the Dean was unavailable. He made an appointment for first thing this morning,” He says, pointing at my bag. “Where are we off to?”
“I thought we could grab some breakfast and then head to the pool. I would like to go for a swim in this heat and catch up on getting some sun.” I motion at my pale skin.
“Sounds like a plan. Let me grab my stuff,” he says. 
A few minutes later, we’re headed to the cafeteria. 
...
The pool is quiet when we arrive. That’s just the way that I like it. Within a few minutes of being in the sun, I start to sweat, so I dive into the pool to cool off. 
When I get out, I read a book as I dry off. We spend hours of contentment between reading and swimming. It turns out that Zeke likes to read also, making it really easy to have him around at the pool. 
I notice the other students joining us. The chairs start to fill up, so I reserve one next to me for Damien. I know that he will come find us soon. 
I can’t help but notice all the attention that Zeke is getting. Every girl within a two--mile radius is staring as he lounges by me, reading his book. The best part about it is his oblivion. 
“There you guys are,” Damien says, walking up with a smile on his face. He has his swimming trunks on, a pair of sunglasses, and a beach towel slung over his shoulder. 
“How did you know where to find us?” I ask. Damien gives me a chuckle. 
“Zeke left a note.” He drops his head to give me a kiss and slides into the lounge chair next to mine. I know that he’s just playing the part of my boyfriend, but did he have to kiss me like that in public?
“So spill the beans. What did the Dean have to say?” I ask, curiosity taking over. I’m bursting at the seams. Being in the sun all day has put me in a great mood. 
“We can talk about it later,” he says. I know that to the casual observer, nothing would seem awry, but I can feel the tension, and his shoulders are tight. 
I look back at my book and begin to read. After some more time, I start to sweat again, so I jump into the pool. Both Damien and Zeke follow me. We are caught in a playful splashing game when I see Trish swimming our way. 
“Hey guys. Is your stomach feeling better?” Trish asks, turning to smile at me. 
“Much, thanks,” I answer. “What are you up to?” I’m trying to avoid the splashing going on behind me. 
“I just came down for a swim before the pool got too packed with the party. Are you planning on staying?” I notice that she’s being careful not to get her hair wet. 
“I didn’t know there was a party, but it sounds like fun,” I walk toward the shallow end, away from the constant cannonballs.
“Every once in a while, The Isle hosts a pool party with steel drums, drinks, and an outside buffet. It’s tons of fun. I would recommend it. Besides, it’s not like there’s anything else going on.” Trish follows me out of the pool, and I notice the boys heading our way. 
“I can’t wait.” I turn to the boys. “I need to use the ladies’ room; I’ll be right back.” 
Zeke glances at Damien, and I catch a slight nod. Damien hooks his arm through mine and off we go. 
It’s not like I mind, but really, Damien, you don’t have to follow me everywhere. I’m just going to the restroom. 
I don’t want to chance it. Besides, it’s less suspicious if I go with you than if Zeke does. It just looks like we’re trying to steal a few minutes alone. 
Before I go in, Damien presses my back up against the wall and nuzzles my neck. The fire shoots down my collarbone to my chest. I catch my breath and push him off when I spot two girls giggling and looking our way. He must be trying to cover his bases. 
...
The three of us leave our beach towels on the lounge chairs to save our spots and head off to grab a late lunch. By the time we return, the pool is transformed. 
There are palm fronds all around. The band is setting up by the hot tub. There are servants bustling about trying to set up the bar and the buffet. The crowd is gathering. I’m really thankful that we came early enough to mark our spots, seeing as there’s no longer any seating available. 
The drums are amazing. They are playing some tropical music that makes my hips sway. It reminds me of being on a cruise ship. 
Some students are playing a game of pool volleyball which looks like fun. There are servers walking around offering a red frozen drink cocktail. We all get one, and the alcohol puts me in a better mood. 
The afternoon is a blast. There are tons of games being played, people chatting, and plenty of sun. Damien tells me that curfew had pushed back to midnight on the weekends. 
After a few more drinks, I’m totally relaxed. Some students are starting to dance when Trish comes over. She grabs my hand and pulls me closer to the music despite my pleas not to. My hips sway to the music and I let go. 
It’s so easy to forget about my troubles right now. I’m really having a good time and enjoying the company of the partying students. 
When the song is over, we head back to our chairs and I notice the sun starting to set. My eyes meet Damien’s and I see large smile on his face. I can tell that he’s watching my every move. I look around for Zeke and find him sitting on the edge of the pool talking to Princess Anna. Jealousy flares through me. 
I really connected with Zeke last night, and now he’s brushing me off like he doesn’t know about me. What’s going on with me? I hate feeling like this. I know that Zeke really is using Anna to put on a show. She’s just his cover. 
Damien has a drink waiting for me at the lounge chair. He whispers in my ear that he’s going to do a perimeter check and that he has already told Zeke that he needs to stay close by. 
Trish is holding Zeke’s seat while he’s gone. We chat for a few minutes over the blaring music. I try so hard to push Zeke out of my head, but it’s nearly impossible. I subconsciously check to make sure that my mental wall is up. 
I glance at Zeke and he’s in the pool with his arm strewn over Anna’s shoulders. Damn him. Why am I so jealous? It’s not like I can have a real relationship with either one of them.
It doesn’t help that he teases me with comfort and runs off to Anna every chance he gets. My head is swimming, and I’m not sure if it’s from anger or from the many drinks that I have consumed. They are delicious, I think, taking another big gulp. They taste like strawberries and burn going down. It’s a good thing that alcohol doesn’t affect magical people. 
Trish catches me looking at Zeke. “Okay, spill the beans. Why are you staring at him?” 
Oh crap, here we go. 
“I just hate that he’s spending so much time with her. He is my . . . friend. It’s like he doesn’t look at me when Damien is not around.” I’m trying really hard to hide my jealousy, but my words are starting to slur along with my thoughts. 
“It sounds like you really like him.” Trish looks their way. “You have to admit that they make a cute couple; besides, you have Damien, who is head over heels for you. Everyone knows it.” 
It’s full--on dark outside now. The tiki torches and light show are providing some light, but we’re far enough away from the action to still have some privacy. 
Zeke gets out of the lighted pool and heads our way with Anna on his arm. It hurts to admit that they look great together. They are laughing and sharing jokes that I can’t share with him in public. I wish I could be on his arm, but I know that I can’t have both him and Damien, especially not in the public eye.
“You look a little red, Layla. You should have put on some more sunscreen,” Zeke says. I can see the concern in his eyes, and my anger flares. What right does he have to be concerned about me when he is carting around the pretty Princess Anna? 
I dismiss myself to the bathroom, and Zeke follows. I’m stumbling into everything when Zeke catches up to me. 
He grabs my arm to turn me around, and I cry out in pain. 
“Ouch, that hurts; let go of me. Don’t you have someone else to put your hands on?” I’m practically screaming at him. He gets close to my face, and I can see the danger in his eyes. 
“Are you drunk?” He catches a whiff of my breath. I stumble out of his grasp and turn for the bathrooms. 
“Layla.” He’s chasing after me again. 
“Leave me alone and go spend more time with your girlfriend,” I’m upset, but right now, I can’t remember why. I subconsciously know that my actions are not what they normally would be, but at the moment, I don’t care. 
“That’s it; we’re going to the dorm,” he says, grabbing my arm again, and pulling me back to the lounge chair. His eyes are telling me not to fight him and make a scene, so I choose to listen. 
“Ladies, it’s been a pleasure, but I promised to take Layla back,” he says, giving Anna a quick peck on the cheek and promising to see her tomorrow. 
The whole way back I’m fuming. It takes immense concentration to walk straight. More than once I’m leaning on Zeke for support and hate every minute of it. 
How can he treat me like that? He’s acting like I’m nothing more than a nuisance, someone he has promised to babysit while her boyfriend is away. 
I try to slam the door in his face, but it’s useless. Zeke is much stronger than I am. He pushes his way inside and I start to undress, taking off my shirt, leaving my standing in my bikini. 
“What are you doing? Layla, talk to me!” I turn on him and push him away. I know I’m not being logical, but I am hurt, and for once, I’m going to think about my feelings first. 
“Why should I? You have other girls to talk to that are much more interesting than me,” I say as he takes a step closer. I can see his eyes soften. 
“Is that what this is about? You’re jealous of Anna?” I can feel the blush creep up my cheeks. 
“I am NOT jealous! I just don’t like her.” I turn around and take off my shorts, pretending that Zeke isn’t there. I have no intention of getting into it with him right now. I just want him to leave so I can cry it out. I feel the tears in the back of my throat. 
“She is my pretend girlfriend. Why are you so upset?” I turn around and look at him. 
“Pretend? Someone needs to tell her that. She was all over you, and you didn’t seem to mind one bit,” I spit out. 
“Layla, somehow I think you’re drunk. It’s not supposed to be possible for us,” he says, pulling me into his arms, and I let the tears fall. His chest is so warm and tight. It reminds me again of last night and how compassionate he was. I just want him to hold me and tell me that he wants me, and not Anna. I can’t tell if he is pretending to care about me or Anna, but he sure is putting on a good show. 
“What is really bothering you?” He’s holding my head with one hand and running his other hand up and down my bare back. It’s getting harder to focus on the source of my anger. 
“You. How can you hold me at night and flirt with her so adamantly the next day?” My crying is muffled by his bare chest, but my hurt is radiating. 
“It was just for show, Layla; you know that I care about you,” he whispers. 
“I care about you, too, but I have to watch you with her. You seem so into her. It’s like you want to be with her, until we are alone,” I admit. 
“I know how you feel.” Zeke pushes me back and runs a hand through his hair. “You think it doesn’t bother me to see you with Damien? I can assure you that it is not a pleasant feeling when I want you too. I have the same right to be with you, but he was there first. I know that this situation is hard on both of us, but there’s nothing that we can do for the time being.” I take a deep breath, knowing he’s right. 
I know that it’s not easy for him to deal with me and Damien. It’s not fair to either one of us. I don’t like it. I didn’t want him to get a pretend girlfriend in the first place. I wish I could have him all to myself, but I know that I can’t have both of them. 
My emotions are a wreck. I’m not supposed to be with one of them, but I want to be with both of them, and I’m basically married to both of them. Everywhere that I have read, the Suppliant’s and Protector’s bond is really strong, and only gets stronger. They are pulled together, and it’s really hard to keep them apart. 
I feel so helpless; I’ve gotten to know them both so much, and I really like them, but at the same time, there’s nothing I can really do about it. I can’t be with only one of them, or both of them. 
I sit down on the edge of the bed, and my shoulders fall. 
“I just feel defeated. I like you, and it’s so hard to see you lusting after someone else. How do you do it?” I look at him, really look. His eyes scan over my bikini--clad body.
“I pretend that she’s you. I have had to try so hard all day to keep my eyes off of you. It was pure torture.” He is standing in front of me now, his well--defined abs in front of my face. 
“It felt really good when you held me last night. I didn’t want you to stop,” I say, my breathing becoming labored. 
“I could hold you right now,” he offered, running his fingers along my cheek. I start to melt. The heat is rising along with the need. My power is pulsing through my veins. 
I nod and he sits beside me and wraps his arms around me. It’s glorious. I can feel every ripple of his hard muscles. I can hear his pulse pounding. My head is lying on his bare chest. My skin is touching his. Fire is shooting through me. 
Our power connects, stronger than I have ever felt it before. 
A knock on the door has me jumping away from Zeke. Silently, he turns to the bathroom, with disappointment in his eyes. 
“Just a minute,” I call out.
I take a moment to compose myself and quickly get dressed, falling more than once into my desk while trying to put my shorts on. I feel ashamed when I swing the door open to see Damien. 
 “What the hell is going on? Trish told me that you left with Zeke. She said that you were off your game,” he says. 
I can’t help it, but the look on his face makes me giggle. I guess “off my game” was one way to put it. 
Damien gets closer and sniffs the air. “Layla, are you drunk?” He’s confused. 
“That’s what Zeke said. He told me that it shouldn’t be possible,” I say, turning and stumbling back to the bed. 
“I just want to go to sleep, Damien,” I say. He looks surprised when I burp in his face. I didn’t mean to; it just came out. 
“Okay, we can talk about this tomorrow. Let me help you in,” he says, holding up the covers for me. The second that my face hits the pillow, I’m out. 

Chapter 33
I open my eyes and flinch. The sun is streaming in through my open blinds. My head is pounding. It feels like someone is smashing my brain with a sledgehammer. I try to open my mouth, but it’s too dry, causing my lips and tongue to crack. I sit up in bed, and the room begins to spin. 
What happened to me? I can only remember bits and pieces of last night, but I’m pretty sure that I got drunk. I thought it was impossible. I should probably find Damien and Zeke; I could use a good healing anyway. 
Damien starts laughing the second he sees me. My hair is tousled, my makeup is smeared, bags are under my eyes, and my arm misses the sleeve of my tank top. Not to mention the fact that walking is really hard to accomplish in my state. 
His laughs only hurt my head and pride more. I need to get down to the bottom of this. Maybe I was drunk, or maybe I was drugged. 
“Hey there, beautiful, do you feel better after you spilled your guts to me last night?” Oh god, what did I say to Zeke? Surely I didn’t do anything inappropriate. That’s not like me, even if I were drunk. 
 “What happened last night?” I look back and forth from Zeke to Damien. 
“I thought I told you that you came on to me. You told me how much you loved me before we made love all night long. I slipped out of there a few minutes ago.” Zeke’s smile gives away his tall tale. 
“I did not. I wouldn’t have done that,” I say. At least I hope I wouldn’t. I know that I have serious feelings for both of them. I just don’t think I would go that far. I know that I have a prophecy to fulfill. 
“You were drunk, and from the looks of it, you’re hung over right now. Come here and I’ll heal you.” Damien motions me over. I follow directions, and after a minute, I feel great again. 
“Thanks, but how did I get drunk? I thought that we couldn’t get drunk because we are magical,” I’m hoping that they have an explanation because I sure have no idea. 
“It shouldn’t be possible. Your parents both had to be magical for you to be a Suppliant. So, logically, you shouldn’t be able to get inebriated,” Zeke says. 
“Either I was drunk, or I was drugged,” I respond hoping that I hadn’t been drugged. That would speed up our departure from here, and I’m just now starting to warm up to The Isle. I have recently started to think of it like my home. 
“You were drunk. After you passed out, I did a quick scan of you and didn’t find any detectable drugs. If you were drugged, I would have felt it,” Damien says. Relief washes over me at his words. 
“Now we just have to figure out how you got drunk in the first place,” Zeke says. I look at him and know that he’s right. 
“There has to be a reason for it,” Damien chimes in. “In the meantime you should stay away from alcohol, or at least limit your consumption.” I look at him and a memory of me staring into Zeke’s eyes and confessing my jealousy comes to me. The blush creeps into my cheeks, and I avert my eyes. I’m sure he knows what was going on. I need to get this lust for both of them under control. 
“I need to go get cleaned up. I will meet you back here for class.” I look at Damien who nods in agreement. 

Chapter 34
My classes go pretty well the next day. It’s a typical school day at The Isle. In Magical History I learn about half-witches. They have limited abilities and are able to get drunk. 
I discuss this with Damien who says it isn’t possible for me to be a half--witch. If I were a half--witch, I wouldn’t be a Suppliant. It especially doesn’t make sense because of how much power I can wield. I’m still not convinced, but I drop it. I figure that Damien knows more about magic and abilities than I do. 
I decide to skip out on lunch and head to the library instead. I want to do some thinking about my parents. Damien joins me, while Zeke meets Trish and Anna in the cafeteria. 
I’m sitting in my favorite spot with Damien when I decide that I will make a list of the abilities I should have. 
I start with my mom’s side. It should be easier since she had to be a Suppliant. I don’t know if she came from the Light or the Dark, so I proceed to list the abilities that only a Witch could produce. 
Through research I know that my visions are from my mom. Witches have the power of sight, or seeing things that others can’t. I also know that hearing Damien and Zeke’s thoughts is part of being a Suppliant. 
Witches typically can cast spells and use potions. I’m sure that I can do both, though I haven’t tried. I’m doing well in my Potions class, with some minor successes. 
Another skill that can come from Witches is necromancy. I know that I have the power to bring the dead back to life because of the incident with Professor Dylan. The thing that bothers me is that it’s only used by the Dark. I did some more research and wasn’t able to determine if it could be used by the Light. 
I’m starting to get frustrated when I decide to switch gears. I’m not sure who or what my father could be. I know that I have been doing really well with learning combat, which surprises me. I seem to be picking up on it very quickly. Lately, I’ve been getting some punches in and blocking most of Damien’s blows. 
I’m still not sure if that could be from my father or just dumb luck. I need to test my powers and find out what I can do, and what I can’t. That’s the only way to narrow down the list to find out who my birth parents are. 
The bell rings, signaling the end of lunch, and I gather my things with Damien. I guess all of this will have to wait until later. 
...
“When you kick, you have to put your body into it, Lay.” Damien sends a kick toward the punching bag that makes it vibrate back and forth about six inches. I am sure that if I kick it, I will end up with a broken ankle. “Give it a try, and watch your form; we don’t need any more injuries from you,” he says. I need to think positively if I’m going to do this. 
I brace myself and plant my left foot. I swing it around and kick the bag with my shin on my right leg. Pain radiates up into my thigh. To my surprise, the bag moves. 
“Ouch, that stings.” I recoil to nurse my aching leg. 
“That was a good attempt, for your first time.” Damien smiles at me. 
I glance at Zeke who is leaning against the tree with his arms crossed and a smirk on his face. 
Anger flares through me. Why are they smiling and smirking at me? Do they think it’s funny? They know that I’m running out of time, and I don’t find it that funny. 
“Try again. This time, take a step before you plant your foot.” Damien demonstrates it again. This time I watch more carefully. 
It feels like he’s going in slow motion. His fists come up in a defensive stance. He takes a step leaning all of his weight on his left foot. He lets his right shin hit the bag. It’s no surprise when the bag flies, rocking the tree branch that it’s attached to. 
This time when it’s my turn, Damien comes up behind me and puts his hands on my hips to direct them. It’s next to impossible to focus when his hands are on me. 
I kick toward the bag and miss all together. Zeke bursts out laughing. 
I start to get really frustrated, Zeke’s laughter rubbing me raw. I know that he’s mocking me. What a jerk. He thinks this is so funny. I will show him. 
Anger takes over as I approach him with the most innocent stare that I can muster. He takes a step toward me and drops his arms. I see a moment of weakness and take it. 
I take a step, plant my foot, and let the kick go. The look of surprise is in his eyes for just a second as my kick hits his ribs and sends him sprawling on the ground. Elation flares through me. 
“I did it.” I glance at Damien and smile. I look back at Zeke and bat my eyes with a sweet smile. “Sorry.” 
Zeke mumbles something as he stands up to dust the dirt off his clothes. “That wouldn’t have happened if you hadn’t caught me off guard.” 
Of course, he doesn’t give me any credit. I knew that he wouldn’t. I can’t hide my giggle. He just can’t admit that I showed him up. 
“Try again. Follow through this time.” Damien stops smiling, getting back to business. 
“What do you mean, follow through?” We aren’t playing baseball. 
“When you hit the bag, don’t stop the force. Keep pushing, like it’s not there,” he says. 
This is easier said than done. I try a few more times and can actually see some progress. 
“Now let’s try mixing it into combat with the skills that you’ve already mastered. Zeke, you’re up.” Damien steps back as Zeke and I circle each other. 
My arms come up as Zeke throws a punch. I block it and jab him back simultaneously. He takes a step back and huffs out a breath. 
We circle each other again and I throw a punch at him. This time, he is prepared and catches my fist, twisting it around behind my back. Pain shoots up my arm. It feels like he’s breaking it. 
I cry out and try to look up a Zeke, but I can’t move. I feel his mouth near my ear. “Do you give up yet?” Adrenaline is pumping through me. I’m wiggling in his arms. Each move I make pulls on my arm more, making it more unlikely that I can get out. 
“Never,” I say, resorting to stomping on his insole. He loosens his grip, and I turn on him. I have just enough range of motion to break his grip and free myself. 
I take a moment to collect myself and focus. Zeke is already moving in for another attack. I see the kick forming a second before his foot leaves the ground. I dodge out of the way just in time. 
Zeke puts so much force into it that he loses his balance and leaves an opening for me. I charge him, landing a blow to his midsection. I know that I have to incorporate a kick for it to be a successful fight, so I take my stance. I yank my foot off the ground as he’s standing up and put as much force into the kick as I can. 
He tries to block the kick, but it’s too late. It knocks him back, and Damien declares me successful. 
“That was good, Lay. You’re getting better much faster than we anticipated. It seems that you have really good muscle memory,” he says. The compliment makes me blush. Zeke and I shake hands and head back to the punching bag and the shade for a quick rest. 
After a few minutes of rest and a cold drink of water, Damien insists that we continue working on the kick until it’s perfected. 
“Next time, use your leg strength more. Don’t forget to follow through. Keep your eyes on the target. Don’t look at the ground.” His nitpicking starts to grate at my nerves. 
Every kick I let fly, Damien has to tell me how to correct it, and I get sick of being told what I’m doing wrong. 
“Back off and just let me try. You’re really starting to get on my nerves, Damien,” I push him away when he tries to correct my form again. 
“I’m just trying to help, Layla. If you don’t get this right, then you could end up hurt.” He’s looking serious which pisses me off more. 
“Do you think I don’t know that? Ever since I’ve been here, you have been criticizing my every move. Can you just shut up and watch?” I yell at him. Frustration is coursing through my blood. 
I can feel his anger well up. “You have a small window of opportunity to train here, and you need to work harder!” I’m startled at his raised voice. This is the first time Damien has ever yelled at me, and I don’t like it. 
“If you would stop jabbering, then I could practice more!” I throw back at him. I can feel the tension in each word. I know that I’m being irrational, but I’m hot and sticky and just want to get this over with. I can only do that if he shuts up and lets me try. 
“If you would just listen, then you could have been done a long time ago,” Damien says, taking a step closer to me, his eyebrows pinched together. 
“If you don’t stop it, I am going to tie you to the tree!” I’m furious. I know where he’s coming from, but he’s going about it in the wrong way. 
“I would like to see you try,” he speaks coldly. That does it. I was already furious. My power overtakes me. If I just had a rope, I would show him. 
I see the air waver for a fraction of a second. I feel something hard hit my hand and look down. My first thought is that Damien is trying to hold my hand. The thought only pisses me off more. I don’t want to think about him touching me when I am this mad. 
My thoughts freeze and my mouth gapes open when I see it sitting in my hand. 
Damien and Zeke follow my gaze, and the looks on their faces mirror mine. 
“Where in the hell did that come from?” Damien takes a step back. 
“I don’t know. I was just wishing that I had a rope, and it appeared,” I say. 
“You can manifest items?” Zeke sounds thrilled. As if this were something he had never seen before. “That’s a skill that most people can never accomplish. It shouldn’t surprise me, but wow.” 
Damien is still standing with his mouth hanging open, and Zeke is hovering over me. He takes the rope and starts pulling on it. “It’s real,” he says, with surprise. 
I don’t know what to say. “How can someone just conjure up an item? I felt the magic, but I didn’t know what I was doing. I let my power take control,” I say. 
“That’s amazing.” Zeke unwinds the rope to test its strength. 
“Lay, it seems that you have more powers than we originally thought. We should test your powers. We need know what you can do,” Damien speaks up. 
“I agree. We need to know what she has to work with. We should set up a test.” Zeke hands the rope to Damien who carefully examines it. 
“I’m willing to do it if it will help me find my parents,” I say. 
“It’s not an easy task. I can set it up for you, but it will take hours, and you need your rest beforehand. I will talk to the Dean tonight and clear us for the test tomorrow during classes,” Damien says, dropping the rope to walk away. 
I guess this is the end of the conversation. I’m not sure that I’m up for hours of torture to find out what I can do, but I really want to find my parents. 

Chapter 35
 “Are you sure that this is a good idea, Layla? You need to rest up for tomorrow,” Zeke says. It’s cute that Zeke is worried about me. 
“A party is a great idea. I need to relax tonight, and this will get my mind off things. Don’t worry, I’ll watch what I drink,” I try to reassure him. 
Damien is meeting with the Dean to clear us for testing tomorrow while we’re meeting Trish for the party. 
When we reach the dorm on the other side of campus, the party is in full gear. I haven’t had the chance to go to college back home, but this seems like a typical frat party. 
The music is so loud that we have to yell to hear each other. I start to relax with a beer in hand as Damien shows up. One quick nod is all I need to understand that he has taken care of matters; we are cleared for testing. 
Remembering our cover, Damien drapes an arm over my shoulder and pulls me close for a kiss. 
“Love birds reunited, how precious,” Trish gushes. “Speaking of love birds . . . .” Trish nods toward Anna who is approaching our little group. 
Zeke embraces her and plants a kiss on her cheek. I have to fight the rise of jealousy. This is hard on both of us, I remind myself. 
“Hey guys, what’s going on?” Anna asks. Pleasantries are exchanged all around. 
“So I was thinking that since you guys are Zeke’s best friends here,” Anna says, “we should get to know each other better. How about a double date tomorrow night?” Anna asks me and Damien. “There’s a swim--up movie planned that I would like to see.” 
I don’t want to go to a movie with you and Zeke. Why would I want to watch you guys suck face all night? I put on my best smile, remembering that I have a cover to uphold. 
“A double date sounds nice, though I’m not sure that tomorrow will work,” Damien speaks up. I could kiss him for getting us out of it. 
Princess Anna puts on a pouty face. “I just want to get to know you, and the movie sounds like fun,” she says. 
Zeke and Damien exchange glares. “We have a big day ahead of us tomorrow, and will probably be exhausted. I’m sure that you will understand,” Damien says. His award--winning smile present on his face. How can anyone say no to that smile?
Zeke catches on to Anna’s evident disappointment. “You don’t mind, do you, Layla?” Zeke asks. 
What in the hell is he doing? Of course I mind. I don’t like her; why would I want to spend more time with her than I have to? 
He must be pushing the issue because that’s what any attentive boyfriend would do. I’m sure that Damien would do the same thing to make me happy. I can’t help but feel sorry for Zeke. 
He’s stuck in the middle. He’s trying to keep Anna and me happy, but still trying to play along with our cover. I sigh, knowing that I would expect him to fight for me if I were his girlfriend. 
“I’m sure that we will be fine,” I say. “A movie sounds like fun.” 
Anna lights up. I feel Damien’s hand squeeze my shoulder. Great, now my day tomorrow is jammed--packed with action. 
Trish pulls me aside, “What was that all about?” she asks. “Damien clearly didn’t want to go.” Leave it to Trish to pick up on the subtleties. 
“We just have a really busy day tomorrow, and he was worried about me getting dragged down,” I say, trying to play it off, but I can tell that Trish is not buying it.
“It’s no different than any other day. Our classes here aren’t that challenging that it drains you,” she digs in. My response is a smile as I brush off her statement. 
By the time we make it back to the dorm, I’m falling asleep on my feet. 

Chapter 36
The sun is just starting to rise on the beach as we get there. Damien and Zeke start unloading the supplies and are setting up, so I plop down on the log and enjoy the view, letting Silver roam around the beach. 
I wonder what the tests will prove. I know that my powers are growing rapidly, but have any new ones manifested? How many powers did I have before all of this? I know that they are hereditary which will help me narrow down who my father could be. 
It’s all so confusing. I catch myself longing to have my simple life back, but I would rather have it this way than to go on knowing that my parents aren’t really my parents. I wonder what would have happened if I had never found out I was adopted. 
I probably would have gone to college and gotten a professional job, maybe as a librarian. I would have never suspected that there were magical creatures living among us, or that I was one of them. I would have fallen in love and married a wonderful man. I would have settled down in a nice home in the suburbs with a white picket fence. 
I would have spent my time raising kids and enjoying life. That is something that I can’t think about now. I don’t know what the future holds, but it can’t be children and a white picket fence. 
After this is over, I still have to deal with the fact that I’m essentially married, in the magical community, to two men. How can I make a relationship work with both of them? How can I have children and live happily ever after with both of them? I can’t. 
There will come a time when I have to choose. Just the thought of cutting one of them out of my life hurts. I can’t bear to lose either one of them. They both mean too much to me now. 
“We better get started,” Zeke says, interrupting my musings. 
I look up at Damien’s offered hand and take it. 
“We’re going to run a full battery of magical testing on you. I’m not going to lie; it’s going to be rough.” Zeke is looking at the ground. Is that nervousness I detect?
“Don’t worry about me; I can handle it.” I try to sound tough. I realize that they were going to worry about me regardless, and it’s pointless to tell them otherwise. 
“Clear your mind. Damien is going to be your test subject. Stand by him and close your eyes. Keep your focus and tell me what you feel.” Zeke is giving the monotone instructions. 
I take a step toward Damien and close my eyes. For a minute, I feel nothing. I start to think about how pointless this activity is when I feel a wave of love wash over me. It is deep love and admiration. I feel fear being mixed in. Fear of losing someone. 
“Tell me what you feel, Layla,” Zeke demands. 
“Emotions, love. I feel his love for me. I also feel his fear of losing me.” I open my eyes, and Zeke nods at Damien. 
My eyes close as I feel the emotions change. Rage pours through me. It’s intense. I have never felt an emotion that strongly. 
“And now?” questions Zeke.
“Rage. I want to kill someone.” I open my eyes and start to feel a small drain on my powers. It’s like a chink in my mental armor. 
I’m surprised to feel an emotional drain. I know that they both have warned me numerous times, but I figured I would be fine. I look at my watch and realize that only ten minutes have passed. I remember Zeke saying that it would take hours, and dread fills me. If each test is like this, I’m going to be wiped out. 
Zeke leads me over to a table filled with bottles of herbs. In the center of the table is a bird with a bandage wrapped around its wing. The bottles are unmarked and open. The scent of the mixed herbs fills my nostrils, drowning out the salty air.
A quick survey shows that there is water, fresh bandages, and a pestle and mortar present, as well as the herbs. 
“Take the herbs that you need to heal the bird’s wing,” Zeke says. He and Damien step aside to observe. 
I just stare at the table for a few minutes. The poor bird looks miserable. I wonder what happened to its wing. How am I supposed to heal it? I have very little knowledge of herbs. 
Trusting my instincts, I pick up each bottle one at a time and sniff it, placing it carefully back in its spot when I’m finished. 
I see a red open wound where the wing meets the body as I unwrap the bandage. I use some water to wash the wound. I close my eyes and picture the sight before me. I feel my powers slowly fill me and let it do its work. 
My hands are flying back and forth, mixing herbs, crushing them, and making a paste. I apply the herbs to the wing and soothe the cawing bird. I rewrap the wing and step back. Opening my eyes I survey my work. Satisfied that I can do no more, I nod at Zeke and Damien. 
That test will take some time. After we do the others, we need to recheck the wound to see if it has healed. 
“It seems like you are more successful accessing your powers if you close your eyes. Most Witches are. So for the rest of the tests, we will just prompt you,” Damien speaks up. 
Zeke wanders off to prepare for another test as Damien walks with me to the water’s edge. 
“Now I want you to stand ten feet away from the water and bring in the tide,” Damien says. I look at him with a gaping mouth. How am I supposed to control the ocean? 
“Trust yourself, Lay,” Damien reassures me. 
I close my eyes and try to call on my power. This time it’s waiting, filling me when I ask it to. I picture the tide rolling in, wetting my feet. I picture dancing in the water like I used to. 
I lift my feet to kick the splash of the incoming wave. I bend over to pick up the conch shell in the sand. 
My eyes fly open as the water hits my ankles. I look down to see the exact shell I had pictured lying next to me. I pick it up and listen to the sea. 
Damien is smiling at me. He is enjoying himself. I can’t blame him. The beach always puts me in a good mood. 
We join Zeke again, and I pocket the shell. I want to keep it as a reminder of what I can do. 
“Have some water. It’s supposed to be hot out today, and I don’t want to add dehydration to the list of injuries that you have sustained,” Zeke says. 
“Dehydration is not an injury.” I take the bottle from Zeke anyway, relishing the feel of the cool liquid sliding down my throat. 
“Now you’re going to try shifting. Picture yourself as an animal,” Zeke continues. 
I close my eyes again and begin to focus intently. I picture the poor injured bird that I had just tended to. I think about how scared it must have been to see me. If I were the bird I would want to fly. Soar over the beach, enjoy the waves, and feel the wind on my wings. 
I would dodge through the forest, barely missing tree branches and hanging vines. Smell the musty scent, hear the animals moving about. I would fly to my nest and make a swift landing. I would cuddle up and enjoy the sunshine on my feathers. 
I’m in a state of intense concentration. I can feel what it would be like to be a bird. I open my eyes fully expecting to be perched in my nest with a view of the heavens. 
I’m disappointed when I see Damien and Zeke. I must have a creative mind to picture that, but not really experience it. My spirits fall. I could tell by the looks on their faces that I was not able to shift. 
What could I expect? I knew that shifting was something you would get from your parents. I have too many other powers that would eliminate shifting from my heritage. 
“Well, you’re not a shifter, but you do have a very vivid imagination.” 
I blush. Zeke must have been peeking. With my powers being drained, I haven’t been as cautious about my mental wall as I usually am. 
“What’s next? I am starting to feel a slight drain so I will probably be an open book from now on. Please try to refrain from peeking.” I ask for privacy. 
“Next we’re going to try something that you have probably never tried before.” That must be a joke. I have never tried half of this stuff before. I thought that was the whole purpose of the test. I look around and notice that Damien is missing. 
“Where is Damien?” I question.
“He left as part of this test. You need to try to call him back to you. If you are successful then he will feel it.” Zeke opens a bottle of water and begins chugging. This heat must be affecting him too. 
“How am I supposed to do that? Do I just call his name?” I open a fresh bottle of water and follow his lead. 
“Just imagine him being here. Reach out with your mind and tell him to come back,” he says. Sure, that sounds easy. 
I take a deep breath and picture Damien. He is standing in front of me, smiling. I could stare at his face all day. I can hear his voice; I can smell him. I open my eyes expecting to see him standing in front of me. 
He isn’t there. I feel overcome. I don’t want to fail. This was a simple task and I didn’t do it. I set my shoulders in determination and attempt again. Shouldn’t our connection allow me to call him back? 
This time I picture the look on his face after Jessice stabbed me. I can see his features change from surprise to outrage when he sees the blood on my fingertips. 
I remember waking up from the vision in his arms. I feel the tingle and burn of his passion. It moves through my veins, lighting a fire that only he can extinguish. 
After ten minutes of feeling for him and trying to call him to me, I open my eyes again to find myself standing alone with Zeke watching. The disappointment hits me again. 
“I failed. I could picture him, smell him, and feel him, but I couldn’t bring him back to me,” I say. 
“It’s okay. I think it would be a good time for you to take a break.” 
I agree with Zeke as I open another bottle of water and take a few minutes to reapply the sunscreen that I put on this morning. 
I look around at the beautiful day. The sun is shining so bright. The light breeze and the sounds of the beach put me in better spirits.
I take a seat in the sand, and Zeke sits down next to me. 
“You know, it doesn’t make sense. I should have been able to call him because of our connection. I thought that he would come running for sure.” I started picking at my fingers. 
“It does make sense. Damien knows that so he blocked out your connection. He wanted the test to be real.” Zeke pats my hands to calm them. 
“I didn’t know it was possible to block the connection. I guess it makes sense though. I can put up a mental wall to block my thoughts. I guess it’s just an extension of that,” I try to reason. Magic is so unpredictable. 
“Something like that. It’s hard for anyone to do. You have to remember that Damien and I have been training since birth. There are a lot of things that you don’t yet know,” he says. 
It takes Damien another ten minutes to make it back, which is fine with me. I will welcome any break that they give me. They had warned me that it would be taxing, but I thought I would be up for the challenge. They were right; I’m exhausted. 
When Damien speaks, my eyes fly open. I must have snoozed off in the sun. I stretch and stand up. 
“Are you ready to move on? We still have a lot to do today.” Damien looks concerned. I wonder if I am wearing my exhaustion on my proverbial sleeve. Silver licks my shoulder. 
“Let’s get it over with.” I run my hand down Silver’s mane. She really is beautiful. I feel a sense of relief that I don’t have to do this alone. I’m surrounded by love. 
“Now you’re going to try to tell the future. Look at the beach and tell me what’s going to happen next,” Damien stands behind me, making my nerves sear. 
I close my eyes and picture the beach in front of me. 
“A bird will dive from the sky and catch a fish.” I’m not sure where that came from, but it feels right. 
I can hear the splash of the ocean and the flipping of fins. In my mind’s eye, I can see the bird flying off to its nest with a fish in its talons. 
I open my eyes trying to catch a glimpse of it leaving, but the bird isn’t there. 
“It was a memory. I can’t tell the future on demand, only in a vision.” At least this time, it’s easier to accept that I can’t pass this test. 
“That’s one more thing to mark off the list. This gets us closer to discovering who your real parents are, and what you’re capable of,” Damien defends. I’m thankful that Damien hasn’t tried to soothe my disappointment; instead he meets me with understanding. 
For the next test we find a spot in the shade. It’s a combat test. We start out with a fight. During the fight, I’m completely focused for the first time. I can replay every action in my head. 
After the fight, Damien teaches me a new move. I pick up on it very quickly. 
Zeke fights me next. My objective is to use the new move that I learned, which I do successfully. Elation flies through me. It gives me the second wind that I desperately need to continue the testing. 
“Just as I suspected, your muscle memory is amazing. You have the ability to learn combat moves faster than anyone I have ever seen.” Damien’s praise makes me blush. 
“You will be able to beat me soon,” Zeke chimes in. 
“This skill must have come from my father. I know that Witches are not skilled with hand—to--hand combat.” Both boys nod in agreement. 
After the fight we’re all sweaty and physically exhausted. Add that to the mental exhaustion and I’m ready to pass out. Damien clears the table that he used for testing my healing abilities and lays out a picnic. 
It’s nice to sit and talk freely over a meal with them. We talk about whatever we want and push off thoughts of testing. I’m ready to call it quits when Zeke starts repacking the picnic. 
“We need to start on the rest of it. We still have fifteen different skills that we want to either confirm or eliminate.” 
I sigh and help them clear the table. 
The rest of the afternoon drags on. Out of the skills tested I am positive for only four of them: durability, manipulation of objects, superhuman senses, and portal creation. 
The remaining skills are eliminated. After the tests are complete, we create a list of skills that came from my parents. 
My mother passed on Earth powers, communicating with nature, healing, and manipulating objects. 
The skills that must have come from my father are empathy, combat, durability, super human senses, object generation and portal creation. 
“This is still confusing. I know that my mom was a Suppliant, so I have all of the typical witchy skills that she had. But what is my father?” I reached up to massage the sore muscles in my neck. 
“The combat and durability skills could have come from a Protector,” Zeke points out. 
“I think we should focus on portal creation. That skill is very unique and coveted. Normally only the strongest Wizards have it, but they are not good at combat,” Damien argues. 
“Are super human senses common? I have never heard of them before.” It could shed some light on what my father was. Once I know what to look for, it should be easier finding him. 
“They’re not common, nor are they well--documented. We need to do more research before we can give you a definitive answer.” Damien tucks the list in his back pocket and starts packing up. 
The ride back takes forever. The second that I make it in through the door, I pass out, utterly spent.

Chapter 37
The swim--up movie comes sooner than I would like. I really don’t want to go, but I know that it’s important to keep up on appearances for the sake of maintaining our cover. 
When Damien and I reach the pool, Zeke is already sitting at the swim--up bar with Anna. She smiles and waves at us. I mentally prepare myself to put on a show for the rest of the evening. Maybe if I’m lucky, I can make up an excuse to bail after an hour or two. 
I put on my best fake smile and wave back. We have enough time to have a few drinks and share some small talk before the movie begins. 
I’m pleasantly surprised that the movie is catchy enough that I don’t have to pretend to be interested in it. It’s easy to focus on the screen and tune out Zeke and Princess Anna. 
Why did she invite us here anyway? Damien tried several times to refuse her offer, but she wouldn’t let up. I’m only glad that I don’t share any classes with her. It’s bad enough to have to share free time with her. 
I’m not sure what I have against her. I guess I just get a bad feeling from her. It has been like that since the first time I met her. I’m probably just being paranoid after the Jessice incident. 
“I have to use the ladies’ room; would you care to join me, Layla?” Princess Anna asks. I look at Damien and realize that I need to go also; I must have had a few more drinks than I realized. How bad could it be to spend a few minutes with her? 
“Sure, thanks for asking,” I say. Damien nods at me as I leave the pool with Anna. 
The bathroom is empty when we get there. 
“You know, it’s easy to tell that you and Zeke have something going on. I can tell by the way that you two look at each other. Don’t make me confront Damien.” 
Whoa . . . was that a threat? Go ahead and try, sister. It’s too bad that I have a cover to maintain.
“Damien is my boyfriend,” I say, focusing on washing my hands so my anger won’t get out of control. 
“I just want you to stay away from Zeke.” She turns to look at me. 
“That’s not going to happen. If you didn’t notice, we run in the same crowd,” I reply. Seriously?! This must be the vibe that she has been giving off that makes me not trust her. 
“As a princess, I am accustomed to getting what I want. If you try to change that, I will be forced to take matters into my own hands. My father has a lot of resources,” she says. This really pisses me off. I try to count to ten, but only make it to four. 
“Besides, I don’t think that Damien would appreciate all of the sneaky looks that you two share. Does he know that you’re cheating on him?” she asks. That was the straw that broke the camel’s back. 
“It’s none of your business who I do or don’t look at. Who do you think you are to try to manipulate me? Well, let me tell you, I don’t care about your title, or your father’s resources. If Zeke wants to look at me, it means that you are doing something wrong,” I say. It’s a mean blow, but I don’t care. I make my way back to the pool as quickly as I can with the intention of being gone before she returns. 
“Zeke, where is Damien?” I ask. I glance around nervously. I know I only have a few seconds before Anna gets back, and I don’t want to have to confront her again. 
“He was called away by the Dean. Are you okay?” he questions after seeing the panic on my face. Anna chooses that moment to join us. 
“I’m just not feeling well,” I say. “I would like to go home. I was hoping that Damien would walk me back.” I start to gather my things, ready to make the trek alone. 
“You can’t go alone. I’ll walk you back.” Zeke stands up and gathers his things.
“But Zeke, I wanted to finish the movie. You aren’t going to leave me here on my own, are you?” Anna the princess of manipulators tries to win him over. 
“I’m sorry, Anna, I will make it up to you, but Layla can’t walk back alone; remember the buddy policy.” He bends to give her a quick peck on the cheek, and I can’t help my sinister smile. 
So I win this round, on accident. If Anna only knew the bond she was messing with. I think it would be in her best interest to leave it alone. She’ll never win this war. 
“Okay, what was that about? You aren’t really sick; I probed you,” Zeke says, looking angry. 
“Ask your girlfriend,” I say. “Oh wait, she won’t tell you. She confronted me in the bathroom and told me to stay away from you. She said that she noticed how we look at each other. Then she threatened me.” I throw my arms in the air out of frustration. 
“What do you mean, she ‘threatened’ you?” Zeke asks. “Anna has been nothing but kind to you.” 
“Anna said that she would tell Damien and then she went on to say that her father has a lot of resources that she could use. That sounds like a threat to me,” I spit out. 
“I don’t think that she meant it that way. And you admitted being jealous of her a few nights ago. Are you sure that she meant that?” he asks. 
Are you kidding? Of course it was a threat. Does he think that I confronted her and wasn’t telling him the whole story? What a jerk. 
I huff and slam the door on my way into the bathroom. When I come out, I expect to find my room vacated, but he’s still there, sitting on my bed. 
“Layla, we need to figure this out, and you walking away isn’t going to solve anything,” he says. 
“I’m finished talking, I already told you what she said, and you didn’t believe me. I can’t help it that you believe your pretend girlfriend over me. There is nothing to figure out; it happened, and it’s over. I’m finished talking about it.” I slam open my dresser drawer to get my pajamas. 
“I just don’t think that she confronted you unprovoked. Anna is a nice girl.” 
I smirk. She is a maniac wolf in sheep’s clothing; how does he not see that? 
“Can we just talk about this? What exactly did she say?” 
“I told you that I am done talking about it. If you want to know so bad, then take a look.” I grab his hand and play back my memory from the time she asked me to go to the ladies’ room with her. It ends abruptly at the pool with Anna giving me the angry eyes as Zeke walks me back. 
“Wow, I just didn’t expect that from her. She seems so nice and so into me. I swear I thought she really liked you and wanted you guys to be friends. I’m sorry that I didn’t believe you,” he says. At least he’s willing to apologize when he’s wrong. 
“Look, Zeke, I’m really tired. Can we talk about this some other time?” I ask, motioning for him to move so I can climb into bed. 
“Of course. Good night, Layla.” Zeke leaves through the bathroom, and I can feel that Damien is just getting in before my eyes close. 

Chapter 38
My first thought upon waking is that I can’t feel Zeke and Damien nearby. I jolt out of bed with a panic, clutching the covers over my aching heart. 
I look around my room and find a note.
Lay, 
There was an urgent matter that Zeke and I had to see to. We have asked Hunter to watch over you in our absence. Don’t think this is a free pass to do as you please, and don’t try to sneak off. We will be back as soon as possible. Wait for us. 
-Damien
Great. I don’t know who Hunter is, and now I can’t go to class. What could be that important? I start to get nervous that they are taking so long, so I decide to shower and get dressed to get some food. 
By the time that Hunter and I make it back to the room, Damien and Zeke are waiting on us. 
“Did you get my note?” Damien demands. 
“How else would I know to take Hunter with me?” I ask. I know I shouldn’t be sarcastic, but really, I can’t help it. 
“It said to wait for us. That means don’t leave the room.” Damien is furious. What has put him in such a bad mood?
“I was starving. How am I supposed to eat if I can’t leave the room?” There is no way he is being serious. 
“One of Nema’s spies was captured and is being held in the dungeon. The Dean let us interrogate him. That’s why you weren’t supposed to leave your room. There are more on The Isle. We have to be more careful.” Concern laces his voice. I look at Zeke who has a queasy look on his face. It must not have been a pleasant experience. 
“What did you find out?” I’m not about to apologize for being hungry. If they didn’t want me to leave, they should have brought me breakfast in bed. 
“Not much, they have an attack planned, but we aren’t sure when. We need to speed up our plans to leave. I’m going to send Silver and Bronco away soon, and then we will follow. I’m hoping that they catch wind of the horses, and attack then, if they’re going to attack at all. Then we can slip out undetected. The arrangements will be very quiet, so don’t hint to anyone. Just go on living as you would until I tell you it’s time to leave.” Damien looks very concerned. It’s my turn to soothe them. 
“I am sure everything will be fine. We have all trained hard for this. We’ll be prepared. Now let’s get to class before they kick us out.” I don’t want to think about Nema attacking, or the possibility of a battle. 

Chapter 39
 “Are you excited?” Trish asks. “Passing scores are going to post today at lunch. The Passing Ceremony will be held on Friday night. I can’t wait; I hope I pass all of my classes. I am sure that I won’t pass Combat yet, though; I can’t land a punch. You might. I was watching you the other day, and you are pretty good. You nearly beat Zeke. I wish I learned as fast as you do.” Trish is rambling on, so typical of her. 
“Slow down, Trish. I’m excited too.” I try to help her relax, but she is too bubbly. 
“Then why don’t you look excited? You look bummed out. Is it Damien again? I swear you guys have the most lovers’ quarrels of anyone I know.” She’s on a roll, and there’s no stopping her. 
“I just have a lot on my mind.” I try to deflect her questions, but the look in her eyes tells me she won’t relent. “Anna and I shared words. It wasn’t pleasant, and I’m not sure how to handle her.” Trish’s eyes light up. There’s nothing that she loves more than juicy gossip. 
“I’m a good listener, and I might be able to help.” 
How much can I tell her without blowing our cover? Besides, I’m already aware of her gossiping tendencies; I will have to watch what I say. 
“All right, GQ, calm down. She just confronted me and told me to stay away from Zeke. She thinks that we have something between us,” I say. 
“That’s ridiculous. Anyone can tell that you are head over heels for Damien. What did you say?” Trish asks. 
“Exactly that, I assured her that I was with Damien. I just know that it will be weird to talk to her from now on. I got the feeling that she didn’t believe me,” I reply.
“Then you have to make her believe you. It’s not like you can stay away from Zeke since he and Damien are best friends. You should just put on one heck of a PDA show next time she’s around. That should make her cool her jets.” Trish’s idea isn’t half bad. It would show Anna that I’m taking her threat seriously. 
I don’t know what Zeke is going to do now that he knows about the fight. I haven’t gotten a chance to talk to him about it. I guess I’ll have to ask him the next time that I see him. 
Anna doesn’t show up at lunch, to my relief. The scores are posted, and I pass two of my classes. At least I can look forward to having a lighter study load next week. I would still be attending Powers, Magical History, and Combat.
The rest of the day went by without a hitch. Both of the boys were busy after Combat, so I spent the rest of the evening being guarded in my room by Hunter. I relish my time alone and spend most of it researching my heritage. 
...
“Today we’re going to work on identifying different herbs. You can taste, touch, and smell. Using your senses will help you tell which one it is,” Professor Zander states. It’s already Third Period and I still haven’t seen the boys yet. They must be really busy. 
Trish and I start walking around the room and filling out the worksheet that was provided. We have to quickly sketch and explain each herb. Our homework is to complete the last column describing the uses of the herbs. 
Really, it could be worse. I like coming to class. I already know the uses of most of them, but don’t want to let it on to Trish, who is struggling. 
“This one looks funny. What is it?” She holds up a jar to my nose, and I pull away from her hand, one of the leaves rubbing against my nose. 
“Trish, that’s dangerous. You’re supposed to waft them, not smell them directly. Now my nose is tingly. Let me see that jar.” Trish hands it over coyly. 
“This is a Gromwell plant. They are highly poisonous. That is what the X on the bottle means. ” I do a quick probe and feel the poison in my system. I know that I have to get to the clinic and soon.
“Oh my goodness. I am so sorry. I didn’t know what it was. Are you going to be all right?” Trish is tearing up. 
“Professor Zander.” I get his attention with a wave. “I need a pass to the clinic. I was accidentally exposed to the Gromwell plant.” 
Disbelief displays on his face in response. “Do hurry; you only have a few minutes.” He hands me the pass as I speed from the room, the buddy system forgotten due to the emergency. 
My head is already starting to pound by the time I reach the hallway. I hunch over to grab my stomach as a pain shoots through it. 
I take a few more steps and stumble. Sweat is dripping down my brow. I am beginning to lose my balance. Determination sets in as I round the corner to the clinic. 
The hall is empty between classes so there is not a soul in sight. I can see the entrance to the clinic about a hundred feet away. Almost there, I tell myself.
I can hear my heartbeat pounding in my ears. I stumble past an alcove, and a set of arms grab me. I lose my balance and hit the ground hard. 
I catch a glimpse of two bodies dressed from head to toe in black. Their faces are covered in masks. I reach out my hand for assistance, and it’s slapped away. 
The blows start landing on my ribs. The two unknown assailants kick and punch with all of their might. I curl up in the fetal position trying to protect myself. I am too weak to try to fight back. 
One kick lands on my head, and pain begins to radiate down my spine. I am in agony. I’m helpless to do anything. I try to let out a yell for help, but my voice clams up. It’s hard to breathe. 
Panic floods through me. I can feel bruises forming all over my body. My eye is cut open, and blood is gushing down my face, clouding my eyes so I can’t see. 
For a moment I consider wiping it away, but I don’t want to leave my abdomen unprotected. Tears mix with blood and make the floor around my body slippery. 
One of my assailants slips and falls on top of me. The person’s weight is crushing. I hear a snap and know that I now have another broken rib. The familiar pain hits me like a ton of bricks. Foamy blood comes pouring out of my mouth with each breath. 
I send out a mental feeler for Zeke and Damien. I don’t know if I can survive this; I haven’t told them how much I have grown to care about them. I haven’t had the chance to evaluate my feelings, but I know that they mean the world to me, and at least now they are out of danger. 
I love you both, and I’m sorry I failed. I try not to let the darkness take me, but I’m slipping away, too weak to do anything about it. 
“Hey, you there, what’s going on?” An unfamiliar voice calls out. 
The attacker who was standing hauls the other to his feet and takes off in a run. 
I try to hold out the bloody hall pass to my savior as the darkness takes me. 

Chapter 40
I awake in the clinic bed with both Damien and Zeke by my side. My whole body is throbbing. I feel sluggish and am having difficulty breathing. I try to reach for my rib, but I can’t move my arm. 
I look down to see bandages everywhere. 
“Don’t move.” Damien is there, sitting beside the bed. “There was an incident. You’re in the clinic. Do you remember what happened?” 
I try to talk, but my throat is hoarse. My mouth is so dry that trying to talk causes my lips and tongue to crack. 
Damien holds up a water glass to my lips. 
Thanks. I figure it will be best if I let my throat rest. I was accidentally poisoned in class, and I was on my way to the clinic. Out of nowhere they attacked me. Do you think they were working with Nema?
“I don’t know. Thankfully the professor wrote what you were poisoned with on the slip and they were able to get your system cleared in time. You could have died from the poison. Not to mention the broken rib that punctured your lung. That’s why you were spitting up foamy blood.” Damien looks at me with concern and anger written all over his face. 
“I feel like it was our fault,” Zeke says. “We could feel your struggle and came as soon as we could. When we got here you were already in the clinic. They wouldn’t let us see you. They were purging your system and they were going to take you into surgery to fix your lung when Damien convinced them that we could heal you. Without you conscious, we could only fix your lung. You must be in a lot of pain.” Zeke laid his hand on mine. 
I will be fine, thanks to you guys. I really thought I was a goner. 
“You should rest until your strength is up enough to heal. We will be right here the whole time.” Damien pulls up a chair to sit by me. 
I catch a glimpse out the window and see that it’s already dark out. 
How long was I out? 
“You were put in a deep sleep for them to purge the poison from your system. You have been sleeping since then. You missed the rest of classes and dinner. We could get you something to eat if you’re hungry.” Zeke is sitting on the edge of the bed, still holding my hand. 
I think about my throat and the pain I am having swallowing and decide that a meal is not a good option, despite my rumbling belly. 
Not right now. I just need to sleep for a bit. 
I wake up around lunchtime and have enough strength to help them heal me. 
The nurses are amazed at my recovery, as they were last time. I have enough strength to walk back to the dorm room, where Damien and Zeke go into comfort mode, setting up a bath and bringing me a meal.
Who is the princess now? I have two hunky men waiting on me hand and foot, and I love every minute of it. Of course I wish I didn’t have to get beaten to a pulp and poisoned for it. 
My throat is feeling better, so I try to speak again. “Who do you think is responsible for the beating? Do you think that Nema’s team got to me?” 
“I’m not sure. It’s a possibility, but thankfully they weren’t able to finish before they were stopped. We made sure that your attack was kept on the down--low for now. We want to catch whoever was behind this,” Zeke says. 
“Can we see the memory of the attack?” Damien asks cautiously. 
I really don’t want to relive it, but I know how important it is for them to try to find my attackers. 
I take hold of their hands. The memory starts from the hallway on my way to the clinic and ends with me passing out from the pain. 
They jerk their hands back simultaneously. Pain is radiating on their faces for a minute. We sit in silence, just thinking about what we saw. 
“That was a lot of pain. I am so sorry that I wasn’t there for you.” A single tear slides down Zeke’s face at the admission. 
“It didn’t look like you got much useful information. This was definitely a planned attack, but I didn’t see any weapons. If they wanted to kill you, they would have had a weapon.” Anger is flaring through Damien again; I can feel it. 
“Unless they wanted to make it look like someone else. If Nema didn’t want it discovered that she sent someone to kill me, then they wouldn’t have made it look like they were trying to kill me,” I say. Who else could it have been? I don’t know anyone else who wants me dead. 
“We will investigate while you get some rest. You should be fully healed tomorrow.” Both Zeke and Damien leave me with only my thoughts. 

Chapter 41
I awake with excitement. Today is Friday, and after my classes, I have the Passing Ceremony to attend. I have been thinking about this all week. I have made high enough scores to pass two classes and will be rewarded with a clearer schedule next week. 
It’s like the last day of school. The students who are being promoted are announced and get a chance to say goodbye to all of their friends and classmates. 
I get caught up in all of my accomplishments since I started at The Isle that I momentarily forget about my task ahead. 
“I know I have apologized a million times, but I’m really sorry for poisoning you. I would have never done it if I knew.” Trish takes a bite of her salad at lunch. 
“It’s okay. I recover fast. The clinic was amazed at how fast I was able to leave. I just wish I didn’t have to miss class.” I look up and smile as both Zeke and Damien join us. 
“Layla is a strong one.” Zeke smiles at me. Out of the corner of my eye, I catch a glimpse of Anna approaching. 
I decide that I’m going to ignore her threat and try to get along with her. I will pretend that Zeke and I are nothing more than friends. Besides, it’s not like I need any more enemies. 
“Hi Anna.” I smile.
“I’m glad to hear that you’re okay. I wonder if they’ve caught your attackers yet.” She sits down so close to Zeke that you couldn’t fit a piece of dental floss between them. 
“Attackers? Layla was poisoned. That’s why she was in the clinic.” Trish points out. 
I thought you kept that on the down--low? I questioned Zeke and Damien. 
We did. No one knew about it except for us and the clinic staff, and whoever sent the attackers, Zeke thinks. 
I see Zeke’s face change dramatically as his words register to both Damien and me. 
It was her. Anna sent the attackers after you. Damien glares at her. 
I don’t think she would do that, I think. Her threat wasn’t that big of a deal. She wouldn’t have me beaten up to prove a point, would she?
Trish announces that she forgot to get some yogurt. Picking up her tray, she heads back to the incredibly long lunch line. 
“How did you know that Layla was attacked?” Damien pounces. 
“It’s common knowledge. She was in the clinic for two days. A simple poisoning wouldn’t cause that.” Anna shifts nervously in her seat. 
Zeke turns on her. “Did you do this?” 
Anna looks appalled. At least she’s a good actress. I guess you would have to be if you were an evil princess. 
“I would never hurt Layla,” Anna defends. 
“What about the threat that you made? It sounded like you were going to use your dad’s resources to hurt her if she didn’t back off,” Zeke argues. 
“I can’t believe that you would believe her over me. I am your girlfriend. I would never say that.” Anna tries to look innocent, but none of us were falling for her act this time. 
“Layla never lies; she doesn’t need to,” Zeke says. Her face is being scrutinized by Damien; I get the feeling that he’s trying to get into her brain. 
“You were so jealous of Zeke and me that you would try to have me killed?” I yell at her. 
“Not killed—I mean, I would never do that.” It’s too late. With a slip of the tongue, she just admitted that it was her doing. Damien starts to go across the table to strangle her, but I put a hand on his arm to stop him. 
“We’re through.” Zeke looks down his nose at her. “I can’t be with someone that is going to be so jealous that they try to kill my best friend’s girlfriend. You are a crazy person; I should have trusted Layla when she told me not to date you!” Tension is all around as the three of us grab our trays and storm out. 
“Hey, where are you going?” Trish tries to stop us on our way out the door. 
“I suddenly lost my appetite,” I reply, dumping the contents of my tray into the trash can. 

Chapter 42
I don’t feel much like attending Combat class, so Zeke and I hang out while Damien goes to talk to the Dean and Kale. We want to get Anna off our minds. 
“So what did he say?” Zeke asks the second that Damien gets back. 
“He was very dissatisfied with her and has since expelled her from The Isle. She’s not going to take it lightly, and I bet her father won’t either. We’re going to really need to watch our backs until we leave.” Damien looks smug. 
“When are we leaving again?” I’m trying to fish out any information that I can. I’m really looking forward to the Passing Ceremony in a few hours and don’t want it to be cut short. 
“I can’t tell you that until it gets closer, but I know that you want to go to the ceremony this afternoon.” 
I hope this is his way of telling me that we’re not leaving yet. I know that I’m not quite ready to face Nema, and I want as much time here as I can get. 
I’m busy doing my makeup for the ceremony when there’s a knock on the door. I pull it open, thinking it’s probably Trish. 
“Ms. Sanders, there’s a package for you.” It’s a butler dressed in a tuxedo, holding a long slim box. With a bow, he’s gone. 
I close the door and pull the package open to see what’s inside. My mouth hangs open as I pull out a red dress. It has a sweetheart neckline and engraved flowers accented with beads all over it. The hemline is angular from my knee down and full of ruffles. It’s perfect. I dig through the tissue paper to find a card. 
There is a single white piece of paper that reads:
Merona
How does she know that I’m celebrating tonight? How does she always know the right gift? She is amazing. I set out to finish my makeup and put on my new dress. 

Chapter 43
The ceremony is held in the ballroom. It’s beautiful. Damien is allowed to escort me by orders of the Dean, but Zeke has to stay behind because he didn’t pass any of his classes this time around. 
The decorations are tasteful and bright. The music is coming from a small band of strings in the corner. The Dean is on a throne in the center of the back wall. 
There are tables placed around the room, with waiters serving champagne and hors d’oeuvres. There are buffet tables placed along the opposite wall of floor--to--ceiling windows. The crystal chandelier sparkles above the dance floor. I feel like I’ve stepped into a scene from Cinderella. 
It’s everything I could have hoped for. The Isle has built a special place in my heart, and I will be sad to leave this place. 
We spend time dancing and eating before the ceremony begins. I’m nervous when my name is called to accept my Passing gift. The Dean presents each student with a personalized gift for each class that they pass. 
When my name is called I approach the throne and take a bow. Dean Worthen takes my hand and whispers his congratulations to me. 
I am presented with a wand for Witchery and a single sealed potion for Potions and Spells. The potion is presented in a necklace. The directions are to use it when I am in grave danger. I take this to mean that I can only use it when I truly think I’m going to die. I guess I should probably find out what it does sometime.
I accept my gifts and make my way back to my seat to show Damien. The amount of student celebrating makes for a long night. The list of names is never--ending. I would compare it to a high school graduation at a large inner--city school. 
After the last name is called, they announce a final dance that will take place in ten minutes. I take a moment to slip off to the ladies’ room to reapply my makeup. I want to look perfect for the final dance. 
I’m touching up my lipstick when I hear the bone--chilling voice of Anna, standing behind me. 
“You had me expelled?” The anger is prevalent in her voice. 
“I didn’t do anything. You had yourself expelled by ordering a hit on me.” I don’t want to throw gasoline on the fire, but I won’t take the blame for her actions. 
“I didn’t order a hit on you. I just had them rough you up a bit. You stole my boyfriend!” She is flailing her arms around in accusation. 
“I am still with Damien; Zeke and I are not a couple.” It’s true in everyone else’s eyes. 
“What do you and Zeke have going on? I’ve heard rumors of your unhealthy relationship with both Damien and Zeke, but I don’t understand why you have to have both. Can’t you be happy with just one, or are you that big of a slut?” 
A slut? This is really starting to piss me off. What right does this psycho have to call me a slut?
“I didn’t steal your boyfriend; he ran from you once he found out the type of person you really are. You need to take a good long look in the mirror before you start pointing fingers!” That should teach her. 
I turn to walk out when she grabs my shoulder and spins me around. “It’s not enough that you stole my boyfriend; you had to go and get me expelled through no fault of my own. My father is upset at me for ruining his image. You will pay for that.” She smacks me in the face. 
I catch her wrist and twist it. “Damien is right outside and probably wondering where I am, so if you are finished threatening me, I need to leave.” I see the redness of rage in her eyes. In the blink of an eye, she throws an orb at me. 
It hits me in the stomach and pushes me up against the countertop. I hope she’s not trying to start a fight; she’s not worth my time, and there’s no way she can beat me in a battle. 
“We can settle this later. I need to leave now.” I dust off my dress and grab my clutch. 
“You aren’t going anywhere until I say so.” For the first time, I notice two bulky women blocking the exit to the bathroom, leaving me trapped inside. Panic and rage fill me. I don’t want to be stuck in the bathroom with her for another minute. 
How dare she try to ruin my Passing Ceremony?
“You really don’t want to do this.” I try to reason with her. 
“On the contrary, I have been waiting to get my hands on you.” With a swift blow to my ribs, the bathroom breaks out in chaos. 
The two bulky women grab my arms to restrain me, leaving my body open to Anna’s abuse. I know that it will only be a matter of minutes before Damien knows that something is wrong and comes to find me. I send out a probe, but his wall is up and I can’t concentrate enough to get through it, not with all of the commotion. 
Anna is hitting me anywhere she can reach me, taking special care to mess up my face. I struggle against the bulky women, but it’s useless; they’re much stronger than I am. 
I try to clear my thoughts and focus, but I’m coming up blank. The pain in my midsection is becoming unbearable. 
I take the only course of action that I can think of and slouch down, pretending to be defeated. Her henchwomen buy it enough for me to free my arms and wiggle out of their hold. I know there’s no getting out without help so I run to the unoccupied corner of the bathroom. 
With my back against the wall, I have seconds to formulate a plan before they are on top of me. I shoot out a weak orb, which is all I can muster at a moment’s notice. It knocks back Anna, but doesn’t seem to affect the women. 
“Get her; she’s mine!” Anna’s voice is shrill and sinister. 
They are on me at the same time, punching and kicking and dragging me away from the wall. I buck and kick, to no avail. I catch a glimpse of my face in the mirror and see the blood dripping down it, my eye swollen. 
The look of defeat is upon my face. I need to hold on until Damien comes for me. I know that he will come. Where in the heck is he? 
As Anna attacks again, I bring my knee up, knocking the wind out of her. One of the women rushes to her side, leaving me to deal with the other one. 
I round on her, getting in a few blows as my head is jerked back, her fingers clutching my hair. With fear of losing a chunk of my hair, I back off. 
I turn to Anna and find myself looking down the barrel of a handgun. It’s pointed at my face. I freeze. All I can think about is Damien and Zeke. If I’m going to die, it’s going to be with them. 
At that time, the door to the bathroom swings open and hits Anna, knocking her off her balance as the gun fires. 
Time stands still. In slow motion, the look of horror crosses the face of the unfamiliar woman trying to enter the bathroom. Anna turns around and slams the door closed, clicking the lock to avoid another person witnessing the incident. 
I can only stare, paralyzed as the bullet flies into my chest. The most intense pain I have ever felt radiates throughout my whole body as my knees crumple and I fall to the ground. 
Anna fumbles with the lock before she and the women run from the room. I hear a beep and look around. Anna yells, “Bomb!” as the door to the bathroom opens, and the women in line run from the impending explosion. 
I try to crawl away as the third beep registers. The only thing I can do is curl up into a ball when the light of the explosion surrounds me. The noise is so loud that I’m sure that my eardrums are bleeding. 
The heat hits me with such force that I can’t breathe. I grab for my necklace, but I can’t open it. The smell of charred flesh is the last thing that registers.
I feel free of my body, but the pain is still there. It feels like I’m a spirit. I’m standing over myself when the blast dies down. I can see the damage done to the bathroom, and to my body. There’s blood everywhere. 
Damien and Zeke run into the bathroom, and fear rolls free. How did Zeke get here? They wouldn’t let him in the ceremony. I fade away as they hover over my body.

Chapter 44
 “Oh thank god. Nurse, she’s awake,” Zeke says. I hear the beeping of monitors and feel my chest moving. I must be alive; I can hear his voice. I can feel my body moving. 
I hear a moan escape from my mouth. Let me guess, the boys have tried to heal me again, but couldn’t without me being awake. It will take longer for me to recover this time. I’m lucky to be alive. 
This was more than just a vindictive prank. Anna tried to kill me with her bare hands! I can’t believe her. I need to let them know so they can get her. 
My throat is so parched from the explosion that the thought of talking scares me. I try to open my eyes but there’s grit in them. 
I hear a nurse approach. “She needs to rest, boys. You can stay, but I need to put her back out. She barely survived the surgery for the bullet wound, and her skin is still burnt. She is in terrible pain, so I can’t let her wake up yet. The doctor said that she would need to be out for a few more days,” she says, pushing a needle into the IV bag. 
“When can we talk to her? We need to find out what happened.” Damien is speaking in short, rough phrases. 
I try to move my hand, knowing that I can’t talk. I just want to touch him. He must have seen the movement because his hand touches the underside of my palm. It’s cool and smooth, a welcome relief to my burning flesh. 
I use every last ounce of strength I have to show him a sliver of memory. I pull it from my memory bank and hear a gasp when he recognizes Anna’s face holding a gun to me. He can see the two women in the background. It lasts for a fraction of a second before I pass out again. 
...
“When is she going to come out of it? She has been out for two days since she had the surgery.” I hear Damien’s voice, at first sounding like it’s in a tunnel. 
“She needs this time to heal; she almost died, again.” The nurse was checking my vitals. 
I flutter my eyes.
“Did you see that? I think she’s awake.” Damien approaches the bed. I let out a moan, since my throat still hurts. The nurse scuttles to get the Doctor.
I try to open my eyes, and it takes a ton of effort. It’s hazy at first, but I can see the clinic room. It’s not the same room that I had been in before; it’s much larger. It looks like I either have two roommates, or Zeke and Damien have been bunking down here. 
There are two spare clinic beds and an entire private bathroom with a shower included. I wish I could take a shower right now, but my skin is still burning.
I try to smile when I see the flowers setting on the table by the bed. 
The walls are a powdered blue at the bottom and white above the chair rail. The room looks like the hospital room I was in when I had my tonsils removed as a kid.  
I let my eyes land on Damien. I can tell that he is angry and disappointed. It’s written all over his face. 
I do a quick mental assessment to find that I’m overall recharged since the incident. I’m still in a lot of pain, but I would feel good enough to talk to them, if only my mouth would work. 
“You’re awake. And from the sound of it, you want to talk.” Damien’s voice comforts me. Should I try to give him my thoughts and purposefully communicate with him, or save my energy and let him read me?
“It’s more taxing if you try; I have no problem reading you, since your wall is down.” Damien reaches over to get me a drink of water when I have a thought of a dry throat. 
I’m not sure if I like this idea. I don’t want him to see all of my thoughts, or how much pain I’m in. I just want him to find Anna and make sure she leaves The Isle. I’m sick and tired of having to put up with her.
“We already know how much pain you’re in. And Zeke is with the Dean searching for Anna right now. We know that she hasn’t left yet; we will find her. Do you need anything?” Damien touches the underside of my palm, which is practically the only part of my body that’s not on fire. 
With each passing moment, the pain grows stronger. It feels like I’m walking on the surface of the sun. I know that my face can’t be very attractive being beaten and burned, but he doesn’t seem to notice. 
“I can help with the pain, if you let me. We’ve been trying to heal you, but we ran into the same problem as before. To really get anywhere, we need you awake and strong enough,” Damien sits on my bedside. 
Do it. I will give you all of my strength. It’s the first time I have the strength to project my thoughts, although it’s unnecessary at the moment. 
“It won’t be enough, even with Zeke here it will take several tries to get you back to full health. It’s going to take a few more days for you to be healthy enough to talk, much less walk. The Dean set the campus on high alert. There’s no one coming or going right now, and there are several patrols each hour. We should be safe here once Anna is found. You know, if you hadn’t given me that flash of memory, I wouldn’t have been able to confirm it with the Dean. Thank you,” he whispers.
I’m not the one that needs thanks; you guys do. I just got myself into another impossible situation. I’m constantly dealing with one bad thing after another, and I just need to slow down. I hate that I’m going to have to wait to get some real rest. But I guess it doesn’t matter; it’s not like I can relax when Queen Nema is after me anyway. 
I let out another moan from the pain. 
“Ok, let’s get this done,” Damien says. I feel the pull on my power mixed with the relief on my skin. It’s pulling so hard and draining every bit of strength I have until I’m out again. 
...
“She’s stirring. She must be coming around again.” It’s Zeke’s voice. I know without looking that he’s talking to Damien. 
I open my eyes and see them sitting there, looking fresh. It makes me long for a shower again. 
“Not yet, your skin is still lightly burnt. The rest of you has healed pretty well. We need to heal you again.” Damien gets my water glass again. 
I am so thankful to have both of them looking after me and taking care of me. I hope they’ve caught Anna. 
“Not yet; we’re close,” Zeke reads my thoughts. “We have her cornered in a remote part of The Isle that backs up to cliffs. There’s no escape. We just have to close in on her.” Zeke sounds excited, as if he is enjoying this. 
Man, I really need to work on my mental wall now that I’m starting to feel better. I look at my skin that appears to have a deep sunburn. At least it isn’t black and melty anymore. My fingers are working, but everything feels stiff. I want to get up and walk around. My back and bottom are aching from lying still for so long. 
“You can’t do anything yet. I know it’s bothering you, but you need to get better first. We’re going to help you heal and then head off to catch Anna. We’re not going to let her slip through our fingers this time. Here, put this on your head.” Zeke hands me a cool rag to put on my forehead. It feels glorious. 
They both grab my hands to heal me. I just hope they know how thankful I am before they put me back into a coma. 
I glance at them, but it’s already begun, the pull takes me under in a matter of seconds. 
...
“She’s going to need to stay here a few more days after she wakes up. Doctor’s orders, so don’t bother arguing. She’s been lying in that bed for five days now. She’s going to be stiff and weak. She will need to build up her strength and take some physical therapy to regain muscle control. It’s typical for someone lying out that long to take a few weeks to fully recover, but with her healing ability, you should only expect two to three days.” After a few seconds I hear the click of the door. The silence tells me that they’re sitting there thinking. 
They don’t know I’m awake again, so I sit still using this time to clear my mind and put up my mental wall. Ever since the attempted murder, my head has felt fuzzy. Today is the first time I feel normal. I do another mental assessment and find myself basically healed. I still have a few minor aches and pains, but I feel like I’m ready to walk again.
The first thing I want to do is take a shower. I can’t wait to feel the hot water running down my back or the lather of shampoo. I have never wanted a shower more in my life. 
My belly grumbles and pulls my attention for a minute. I guess I haven’t eaten in five days either. Thankfully, I’m hooked up to an IV so I’m not dehydrated. The thought of a shower and a meal lifts my spirits instantly. 
The jig is up; they can tell I’m awake and I can feel them scrutinizing my face, so I open my eyes. 
“Hi.” It’s only a small word, but it still feels foreign coming out and doesn’t sound like my voice at all. 
A smile breaks out on both their faces, and there are a few moments of utter joy. Greetings and excitement are being exchanged from all parties. When things settle down, I decide it’s all right to ask for a shower. Before I can ask, they are updating me. 
“Anna was caught yesterday. She’s being held in the dungeon until her father arrives to get her. The Dean reported her actions to the Council, and she was forced to declare Dark. It really doesn’t help our cause, but it’s unavoidable.” Zeke is rambling on. 
“How are you feeling?” Damien hands me a glass of water. 
“I feel fine. I just need a long, hot shower and a decent meal, preferably the size of a horse. I want to move around. I’m so stiff.” I don’t want to complain about developing bed sores. 
“The nurse said you would have to stay here for a few more days. That pushes back our plans to leave. We already had to nix the initial plan because of the explosion. I will have to make the arrangements again. They said you would need physical therapy for at least two days before you could walk on your own.” Damien tries not to look disappointed, but I can tell he wants to get off The Isle; we’re just sitting ducks at this point. 
“Listen, I really want to apologize for not being there. I had my wall up and didn’t hear your cry for help. I didn’t know that anything was wrong until Zeke came barreling in. I only wish we had gotten there sooner. Maybe we would have been able to save you from all of this pain. I promise you that as soon as your strength is back up, we will leave The Isle behind.” The sound of Damien’s apology throws me. It wasn’t his fault, but he’s blaming himself; I have to put a stop to this. 
“I don’t blame anyone but that psycho princess. Besides I will be sad to leave this place. We’ve made some great memories here.” A smile lights my face for the first time in five days as I reminisce about The Isle.
“Now that I’m healed, maybe you guys can give me some privacy to shower, change, and eat. I know you don’t want to go far, but I really want to keep my modesty.” I can tell from the feel of my hand lying on my ribs that I have lost at least ten pounds from my already bony frame. 
They nod and make an exit. 

Chapter 45
The next couple of days fly by. Taking care of my basic needs has never been more satisfying. I relish every shower and every bite of food that I’m given. 
I thought that I would be eating like a horse, but the reality of it is that I can barely eat a few bites of a sandwich. I guess being knocked out for five days and not being able to eat will cause your stomach to shrivel up to the size of a walnut. 
The boys have respected my request for privacy. They only make one visit a day to check up on me, although I can feel them nearby the rest of the time. 
The physical therapist is a sweet woman in her mid--thirties. She works with me for six hours a day. I feel bad taking up all of her time, but she assures me that I’m her only case at the moment. 
That leaves me a lot of time to think about things. I have to admit it’s the brain break that I seriously need right now. It’s the first time since I found out that I was a Suppliant that I have been left alone for any significant amount of time. 
I will have plenty of time to daydream about my future after I find the Pendant. I want to find it so I can find my parents, but I’m not sure what I’m supposed to do with it once I’m finished. I know that Queen Merona is hoping to win me over to the Light side so that I can share it with her. But I also know that the Pendant is too potent to be in the Light or Dark’s hands. It has a tendency to overpower the people wielding it. That’s why it was hidden away in the first place. 
I try to picture living out my day happily in a small cottage. That’s the life that I want. To ride Silver and make food and raise a family, but the dilemma of which Protector I will choose is still there. 
On one hand, I have Damien. He has been there for me since the beginning. I made the choice to be joined with him. He is caring, handsome, and everything I want in a spouse. I can picture living out the remainder of our lives in his cottage and starting a family. 
On the other hand is Zeke. Zeke and I were accidentally joined, but I have really come to care for him. He has been so supportive and protective of me. I can also picture making a family with him; I think he would fit in better on the Mortal Realm. 
This decision is just too hard to make. I want to be with both of them; I love both of them. I should just enjoy the time that I have left with them, because I can’t choose one without hurting the other. 
I can feel them getting antsy. I can’t blame them. They both have the same goal in mind, but it would hurt me to the core to release one of them. The connection that we have can never be broken, and it would hurt too much to keep both of them in limbo for the rest of time. 
I decide right then that I will use the time that I have left to focus on finding my parents and learning everything that I can about my new life. There’s nothing that I can do about our connection, and I can’t choose just one; I love them both.
I had asked Damien to get me some books from the library to help with my mission, and he pulls through. Within an hour, there’s a cart with every book that I need, placed next to my bed. 
I open the first book and lose myself in research. 
...
A knock on the door pulls me from my research. Trish bounces in, holding a steaming hot cup of coffee. 
“My savior! Trish, I missed you.” I am elated to see such a friendly face. 
“You look better than expected. I heard about the bomb and was told that you were also shot. Although they didn’t tell us that it was Anna until a few days later. What in the heck happened?” She walks over to sit in the chair by the bed. 
The first sip of coffee makes my nerves bounce. I have missed my daily cup of joe. “I might as well tell you now. Anna was under the impression that Zeke and I had a secret relationship. She thought I was going to take her boyfriend and she threatened me. I just brushed it off thinking that she was being paranoid, but her threat was sound. At the Passing Ceremony she confronted me in the bathroom and pulled a gun on me. Apparently she already had the bomb waiting. After she shot me, she ran and set off the bomb. I’m lucky to have survived.” I try not to make her out to sound too crazy; she was Trish’s friend first. 
“Holy crap, she’s insane. I knew something was up. I caught her whispering to some people and heard your name being mentioned, but I figured she was just spreading rumors. I can’t believe she tried to kill you.” Her arms are flailing, with ever--present drama. You have to love Trish. 
“Yeah, I didn’t take her seriously. I won’t make that mistake again. This place is on a whole different level than my high school back home. I can’t believe people will go to such extremes to save a fading relationship. It’s not like Zeke and I were secretly dating anyway. Everyone knows that I’m with Damien.” I just want to forget about her, but I know that it’s not possible. 
“I knew that her father was crazy; it must have rubbed off on her. With better news, it looks like you are healing well. How long will you be in here?” I could kiss her for changing the subject.
“The nurse said I would need a few more days of physical therapy before I can walk on my own, but I was doing pretty well today.” I kind of want to milk the PT because I know once I am released that I will be leaving The Isle for good. I already think of this place as home. It has a special place in my heart, and I’m anxious about the next portion of our journey. 
“That’s a relief. I can’t wait till you get back to class. It’s been so lonely without you. Plus everyone is on edge. The campus has been the safest place in all of the Realms for so long; we all thought nothing could happen here.” 
I down the last bit of coffee with a sigh. “That’s one of the reasons I applied here, but things can change in the blink of an eye. I have learned that lesson a few too many times over the past months. At least I have made some good friends, you included,” I say. It’s not like I’m Ms. Popular, but it is nice to have some solid relationships. 
“We’re all thinking about you. I brought you something from everyone. We wanted to get you something that would help, so we pooled our resources and got you this.” Trish holds up a stone that looks like a diamond. 
I take it in my hand and examine it. Immediately I feel the healing powers flowing from it. It’s a Herkimer Diamond. They are very rare in the Magical Realm and coveted for their healing abilities. I have only seen pictures of them, but they are never this big. What a great gift. The tears sting my eyes. 
“Thank you, Trish. This is amazing. I am so blessed to have such great friends and professors. I have never seen a Herkimer Diamond before, especially one this big. It was so thoughtful of you,” I say. Our visit ends with tearful wishes. 
When she leaves, I feel relief wash over me. I have never felt so loved. If I can’t find my parents, I have an army of friends and family. 

Chapter 46
 “The plans are in place for our exit. Of course it depends on you getting out tomorrow. I just want to prepare you for our departure. I know it’s going to be hard for you to leave here, but we need to get to a safer, low key sanctuary to plan our attack,” Damien says. He and Zeke are pacing the floor. 
I reach for my glass of water, and Damien stumbles to grab it for me, knocking it all over the ground with his nerves. 
“I’m not helpless, you know. I can make it to the bathroom on my own, so I think I can handle getting my own water glass.” I don’t mean to be so harsh, but I’m sick of being treated like an invalid. I’m very thankful for all that they have done for me, but I’m ready to be back to normal. A girl can only take so much doting.
“I’m sorry; let me get a towel to clean this up.” Damien leaves as Zeke approaches. 
“You shouldn’t be so hard on him. He’s been riddled with guilt for the last week,” Zeke says. 
“I never thought I would hear you defending Damien.” I don’t know why I am on edge. I just want things to get back to normal. 
“What’s wrong, Layla? You haven’t been yourself lately,” Zeke says. 
“I’m just sick of being treated like a little kid who can’t tie her own shoes. I’m better. In another day I will be back to normal. I don’t need you guys to wait on me hand and foot.” My frustration is coming through. 
“Are you sure that’s all?” Zeke asks. Damn him for being so understanding and seeing through my lies.
It takes me a moment to admit the truth. “I’m not ready to go. I have come to think of this place as home, and I have friends here. Heck, I would consider you guys my family. I’m not ready to leave it all behind and start over. Since I found out I’m a Suppliant, my world has been turned upside down. This is the first time that it has begun to level out. I’m not ready to let that go yet.” I try to hold back the tears. 
“I know.” He reaches for my hand. “We wouldn’t be doing this if we didn’t have to. This place is supposed to be safe, and your safety is our biggest concern. Try to understand where we’re coming from. We don’t want to stir up things either.” He’s trying to be kind. 
“I understand. I’m just emotional and not ready yet,” I say. The door opens, and Damien enters with a few towels and a fresh glass of ice water. 
“Zeke, would you mind getting me a coffee?” I ask. I do want a coffee, but I also want a few minutes alone with Damien. 
“Sure, I’ll be right back,” he says. 
“Damien, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have snapped at you.” I try to grab his hand, but he’s moving at lightning speed to clean up the spill. 
“It’s fine. You’re under a lot of stress right now.” Always understanding, that’s my Damien. 
“No, I shouldn’t take out my frustration on you. It was not your fault. None of it was. You were just trying to help me, and I bit your head off. Please forgive me,” I say. That stops him. 
“You’re already forgiven.” He finishes straightening up and comes to sit on the edge of the bed. I take his hand. 
“Thank you for taking care of me. I can always count on you.” My smile is mirrored by his. I can see the desperation in his eyes. He thought he had lost me again. It must be taking a toll on his emotions. 
The kiss is soft and gentle on my forehead. It’s a reminder that he’s always going to be there for me. It will help to remember that when I don’t want to leave. No matter where I go, I will always have him and Zeke. 
“I know that you aren’t ready to leave, but we have to. You are so much stronger than when we got here, and your strength is going to help you complete your mission. Just think about why you are doing this; it should help ease the pain of leaving.” He’s trying to soothe my feelings. 
When Zeke comes back with my beloved coffee, the boys leave with a promise to visit again soon. 
...
The next couple of days are packed with time alone. The only visitors are Damien, Zeke, the nurse, and the physical therapist. I’m cleared to resume normal daily activity on my eighth day in the clinic. I have come to love the nurse that’s on my case, but I’m so very happy to get back to my dorm. 
I have the rest of the day to relax before classes start back up for me tomorrow. I decide to take the time to go see the Shaman. 
Since security has been beefed up on The Isle, Damien and Zeke aren’t as paranoid of keeping tabs on me at all time. They are especially busy doing security sweeps, so I’m free to come and go for the rest of the evening. 
The Shaman opens the door in his usual attire. It’s like nothing has changed since our last visit.
“Ahh, my favorite Suppliant, and all alone I see.” He presents a smile and steps aside. “How can I be of service?” he questions, closing the door.
“I’m here to ask you about my father. I was recently administered a test of skills. I have a list of skills that I exhibit and would like your opinion on them,” I say.
I hand over the list and take a look around as he examines it. A potion shelf catches my eye. It holds a potion like the one in my necklace. If I play my cards right, I might be able to discover what it will do. 
“It seems you are more talented than I anticipated.” He points to the list. “What is it that I can do for you?”
“Based on the list of skills I’m trying to narrow down who my father was. I know that skills are hereditary, and I know which skills my mother likely possessed. If you flip over the list you will see the breakdown.” It takes him a moment to analyze. 
“You would like to know what type of magical creature sired you. Wouldn’t that spoil all of the fun, and eliminate the need for the Pendant?” I can’t tell if he’s being serious. It hasn’t crossed my mind that he might not help me. Damien said that the Shaman doesn’t work for either side, but often does things that will benefit him. 
“Is there something that you would like me to do in return for your opinion?” I know that I could be getting in over my head, but I’m desperate. 
“I might be willing to make a trade. I would like for you to owe me a favor. One of my choosing, when the time comes.” That sounds a little ominous. I’m not sure I want to be indebted to him for a favor. 
At the same time, I am desperate for any information that he might have, or I wouldn’t have come to visit him.
“All right, that sounds fair, a favor for a favor. So what can you tell me?” I hope this favor doesn’t come back to bite me in the butt. 
“The skill of portal creation is the most telling skill on this list. Portal creation is a much--coveted skill. It is rare to see it at such a young age. Mostly only highly trained Wizards develop this skill, and it takes thousands of years. There are currently only two living Wizards who hold this skill: Mazar and Laklan. If I had to guess at your heritage, it would be one of them.” He seems so positive. 
“Of course, having a Wizard as a parent could explain some of the skills, but not all. You see, some skills are not hereditary in Wizards; they are learned skills. You could possibly develop other skills in the future that you’re not mature enough to master yet.” He pauses for a moment of contemplation. 
“Or it could be that someone is masking your true skills to throw you off the trail of your true heritage. It’s not that uncommon, especially in cases such as yours. It could be that your birth parents want to remain a secret to you and have hired a Wizard to project skills onto you.” 
“Is that possible? It just seems so out there. Why would my parents do that to me?” I’m utterly confused. Just a minute ago he was so sure of his initial assessment, and now, it’s all back up in the air. 
“It’s definitely possible. Like I said, this has been the case before. Your birth parents may be just desperate enough to stay hidden that they have hired someone. It could also be someone trying to keep you from discovering your true heritage, someone who is not your birth parent,” he says.
“Who would want to make sure that I couldn’t find my birth parents?” My mind is reeling with all of the possibilities. 
“That is for you to discover. I wish I could help you with that, but I can’t.” The Shaman makes a quick note in his journal. 
“What about the portal creation? How can I use it?” 
“It’s a very dangerous skill to have untrained. You need to be careful. I cannot recommend use until you have the proper training. It takes Wizards thousands of years to master such a skill. Attempting to use it untrained can get you into serious trouble. It could kill you, or worse, banish you to the Geroda Realm. Once in Geroda, your physical body will die, and you will not be able to return. Only the Council has the power to return from Geroda.” 
This news is grave coming from him. It seems like a useless skill until I master it, and I don’t have thousands of years to train on it. 
“I can’t risk that right now; it seems that this skill is useless to me at the moment,” I say.
“A wise choice you made, my dear Suppliant.” The Shaman opens a drawer in his desk and pulls out a small piece of jewelry. 
“This is a gift for you. I want you to have it for protection.” He hands me the stone wrapped in metal. It’s small, the size of a pearl. 
“What is it?” I don’t mean to sound ungrateful. 
“It’s a sunstone; there are only a few in existence. Place it on your finger.” 
I lay the stone on top of my finger, and it begins moving. It forms a ring with an intricate design. The stone is a burnt orange color. It’s cloudy like the sunset. It’s beautiful.
“It will protect you as long as you wear it. Make sure not to take it off. It was designed so the user is the only one who can remove it, for better protection. Its power is not as great as your Protectors, but it will benefit you.” I blush; I wasn’t expecting a present. I know that it’s superficial of me to be so caught up on the beauty of the ring, but I can’t help it. 
“Thank you kindly, Shaman.” I am so caught up in the ring that when I’m back in the dorm, I realize that I forgot to ask about the potion. 
...
It’s as if everything is back to normal the next day, although I know differently. Damien warned me that the time was drawing near that I would leave The Isle forever. 
I take it upon myself to say goodbye to Trish without tipping her off. 
“So, what are you planning on doing this afternoon?” Trish takes a bite of her usual salad. I sit directly across from her at our lunch table, relishing the shade on this hot summer day. 
“I really don’t have plans yet. I will probably be getting caught up on my missed classes.” I try to make it sound like I’m preoccupied because we will probably be leaving soon. The last thing I want is Trish looking for me. 
“I suppose that’s a valid ditch excuse.” Leave it to Trish to see through my fib. 
“I got really far behind while I was in the clinic.” I try to reason. 
“I saw the pile of books, but figured they were there because you are an overachieving bookworm; I guess I will let it slide.” Her smile is brilliant. 
“Hey Trish, I wanted to thank you again for coming to see me. It really made me feel better. It means a lot that you are so supportive of me. I am lucky to have the GQ as a BFF.” I try to make it sound light, but we both feel the weight of my goodbye. 
“Don’t mention it; besides, that’s what friends are for.” I’m really going to miss her. 

Chapter 47
There are six ships. They look like something the Vikings would use. I can see Queen Nema at the bow of the lead ship. I have never seen her before, but I know that it’s her. She has short blond hair and bright red lips. Her body is dressed in a silky red gown with lace at her breast. There is a slit that runs from the ankle to the hipbone and across her abdomen to the opposite breast, leaving a few inches of skin bare. She is a sight to behold.
They are dredging forward. A small island comes into view. It has tall cliffs covered in forests and sandy beaches. 
The closer we get, the more excitement I can feel. It’s pulsating off the crew. The need for battle is imminent. Soldiers are preparing with armor and weapons. 
It’s dusk; the sky is lit up like cotton candy with shades of blue and pink. It’s magnificent. 
The ships anchor and begin deploying drones of soldiers. They draw closer to the island, and dread fills me as I recognize it. They are at The Isle! 
Queen Nema has a sinister smile on her face. 
“Get ready, crew. I want that girl!” She yells.
I snap out of the vision, disorientated. It was so life--like. I know that it’s the truth, but I can’t tell when it will happen. I have to go find Damien and Zeke. 

Chapter 48
 “When are they coming?” Damien asks. He’s pacing the floor, tensed up and ready to jump at the slightest bit of noise. 
“I don’t know. I can’t tell if it’s going to happen tonight, or just soon.” I show them the vision, and they both sit there, stunned for a few minutes. 
“Pack your essentials; we’re leaving right now. The boat has been sitting by, waiting for a few days. I’m sorry, Layla, but we can’t wait any longer. We will take to the East, away from the land until we reach safe waters,” Damien says. It’s a demand, but I am already expecting it. 
I hurry back to my room to pack a bag. This is it, the moment that I have been dreading for a month. I knew that she would come for me, though I had hoped that she would be smart enough not to go against the Council. It looks like she has an army big enough to overrun the entire Isle. 
Fear courses through me as I try desperately to push it down. I need to stay calm; I can’t fight when I’m emotional. Anna proved that. I have been training for this; it will be fine. We will get out of here before she arrives. 
The knock on my door startles me. Damien and Zeke come through the bathroom in a fraction of a second. They are standing by my side ready to pounce. 
I slowly open the door, trying to relax my shoulders. I am surprised to see the butler standing there holding a piece of paper. He bows when I take the paper and then turns to leave. 
The second the door is closed, Damien yanks the paper out of my hand. This should bother me, but under the current situation, it doesn’t. Both Zeke and I hover over his shoulder reading. 
Your presence has been requested immediately in my chambers. 
-Dean Worthen
“I wonder what he wants.” Maybe Damien knows what this is about. Upon looking at his face, my hopes are dashed. He’s as clueless as I am. 
“Should we go?” I ask. I really want to get out of here before Nema and her army of minions set foot on The Isle. 
“The Dean of The Isle is a good ally to have. I suggest we go immediately. He’s not a patient man.” Damien says. I have to admit I am surprised to hear this from Damien. I figured that he would want to get out of here as soon as possible. 

Chapter 49
 “Layla, it’s always a pleasure to see you again.” The Dean gives a curt nod to both Damien and Zeke. The waiters set about putting another place at the table. I guess that Zeke had not been invited, but I don’t feel comfortable without both of them. 
The table is laid out as if it were last time, full to the ends with a luxurious meal. The table is empty except for the Dean. Who did he invite this time? I just hope that this doesn’t turn into an all--night event; we need to get going. 
“Please be seated. I have invited some companions. They should be arriving shortly.” The door to the back of his office opens and in walks the robed members. I know from my visions that they are part of the Council. “Perfect timing.” 
After the introductions are made, they sit down to start the meal. 
“I called you all here to celebrate a victory. It was a small one, but for a worthy cause. Princess Anna has been deported from The Isle.” Cheers ring out from the Council. It seems like they are on my side, but I know differently. I eye the Council member who was keeping the Azure Pendant hidden away in the Geroda Realm. 
I need to figure out a plan to get it from him as soon as we leave this place. The Isle is feeling less and less like home every second. I feel violated having them here, knowing that they are working against us. 
The conversation is light as everyone helps themselves to the food. I put a few small scoops on my plate and push them around with my fork. My stomach is too tied up in knots to eat right now. 
I am served a glass of wine and decline to drink any. I need my head to be clear for traveling. 
When is it acceptable to bow out of here? I hope Damien catches my drift. 
Soon, just a few more minutes until the meal is over, and then we can leave. We have to be polite; we might need the support of the Council in the future, he responds.
I understand, but it doesn’t put my mind at ease. I sigh with relief as Damien voices an excuse about me tiring easy. 
“She needs all of her strength, and she’s not back to normal yet. We should get her to her dorm,” he says. I fake a yawn to make it believable. I know that Damien has been probing me, checking on my strength for the past few days, which is back to normal. 
“Of course, don’t let us old bats keep you. It was a pleasant evening with time well spent. Have a good night,” the Dean responds. I follow Damien’s lead back to the dorm with Zeke on my tail. 
...
I am feverishly packing when Damien and Zeke barge in through the bathroom. 
“It’s time to go. Grab your bags and keep your guard up.” 
I sling the bag over my shoulder as my heart races. I check my mental wall, and it’s tight in place. 
I follow them out of the corridor and down the hall. As we turn the corner, I feel a sense of unease creeping up my spine. 
Something is wrong; I can feel it deep in the pit of my stomach. The hairs on the back of my neck start to stand up. 
“Damien,” I call, but he keeps walking, not acknowledging me. 
“Damien,” I try again. This time he turns around. For a fraction of a second, his eyes look wild, like a feral child. It scares me. 
“Damien, something’s not right. We need to stop.” I grab for his arm, but he pulls away before I can catch him. He speeds up his pace. 
“We can’t stop; we need to keep going. We are in trouble. We need to get out of here,” Damien replies. We round another corridor, and I recognize the cafeteria. I have a weird feeling. Something isn’t right. My connection tells me that I’m getting farther and farther away from them. Each step I take makes my heart aches a little more. I drop my guard and can’t feel them.
I stop dead; there’s more going on here than meets the eye. I stop so abruptly that Zeke runs into me. I grab his arms to steady myself, and he jerks away. 
I know then; I can feel it, or rather the lack of it. It’s not them. I can’t feel the fire when we touch. My heart is aching because we are too far apart. I hide my surprise as I try to figure a way out of the situation. 
“I have to rest; I am still too weak to keep going, unless you can carry me.” I know that the real Damien and Zeke would, but both decline. Someone knows that we’re joined. Someone has insider information, but how did they get it? Damien will probably have an idea. I wish the boys were here to help me out of this mess. 
There’s no better time than now to act; I don’t want to get any farther away from them than necessary. 
“Wait, I forgot my mother’s pendant. I have to go back.” It’s a desperate plea; hopefully they don’t figure out that my mother doesn’t have a pendant, at least not that I know of. 
“Leave it; we have to go.” Fake Damien’s face is trying to mask his anger. 
“I can’t fulfill the prophecy without it. I have to get it,” I say. As I turn around, fake Zeke blocks my way. 
“I knew it wouldn’t be that easy, you stupid bitch. If you would have just come with us, you could have saved yourself a world of pain,” fake Zeke says. The blow to my face knocks me back a few steps. 
I stumble but come up swinging. I unleash every combat move that I have learned, stunning both men. I sling my backpack around, knocking fake Zeke off his feet. I spin and kick fake Damien. It leaves me enough time to step away from them. I focus on my power. 
I can feel it running through my veins, ready to be unleashed. The world stops; they are moving in super slow motion, and I drop my bag and pull my hands out in front of me. The power moves to my fingertips, and I let the most powerful orb I can gather fly. It explodes with white light, knocking both men back onto the ground in a limp heap. 
I turn and run, forgetting everything except Damien and Zeke. 

Chapter 50
Our connection drives me back to their dorm. I burst in the door, not bothering with the key. They are sitting tied up on the bed, coming back into consciousness. I can feel the fear rolling off of them. 
I shoot a small orb at their magical constraints, freeing them. 
“No time to explain, we have to go now!” I yell. They grab their bags with one swift motion and lead the way. 
We move with the swiftness and speed of a cat on the prowl. The forest is eerily quiet. There’s not an animal in sight. I get the feeling that we’re being watched. 
Hurry! I’m trying to keep it together, but I can feel my emotions taking over. The tears are welling up in my eyes, blurring my vision. I stumble over a tree branch, and Zeke catches me. 
We break through the edge of the forest to the beach. I can see the boat waiting about 500 feet away. It’s an eternity away. Hope begins to flare through me; we’re almost there. 
My heartbeat speeds up; sweat is furrowing on my brow. The moon lights the way. The waves are crashing against the beach. If I weren’t running for my life, I would have enjoyed a moonlit walk on the beach. 
One of the shadows ahead begins to move. Out pours a row of armored soldiers, and my heart sinks. I know them from the vision. Queen Nema is already here. I feel the tension coming from both Damien and Zeke; I have forgotten to put my wall back up. 
“That’s far enough. You won’t make it out of here alive.” That eerie voice could be coming from none other than the Queen. 
She steps out of the shadows, dressed exactly as she was in my vision. Her blood red lips show off stark white teeth when she unleashes a creepy smile. 
Damien and Zeke stop. We are surrounded. I know we’re going to have to fight, but there are far too many of them. Both of the boys relax. I can tell they’re going into fight mode; their brains are whirling with possibilities. I have seen it too many times in Combat. 
“You could make this easy and come with us, child.” I know that she’s speaking to me. I would rather die in battle than to die at her hands. 
“Never,” I spit out, disgusted. 
“That is your choice.” The second the words rolled off her tongue, chaos breaks out. Damien and Zeke sandwich me between them. 
The soldiers are attacking from all around; Damien has the side closest to the boat, and Zeke holds our backs. I am wedged in the middle trying to help, but mostly hindering them. 
There are kicks and blows being doled out all over. I pull on my power, determined to help. I begin shooting orbs, knocking out small groups of soldiers. 
They just keep coming. It reminds me of what I read about the Revolutionary War in class on Earth. When one line would fall, the people behind would step up and take their place. 
I look around, hoping to spot a way out. The edge by the water is our best bet. 
Can we edge our way along the water and move toward the boat? We need to formulate a plan, and this is the best I can come up with. 
Damien and Zeke are too caught up in protecting me to lose focus. I push against Damien’s back and pull on Zeke. I am successful in moving them a few steps toward our destination. 
We are starting to get overwhelmed again. My hopes are dropping like the stock market. How can we get out of this alive? I keep shooting orbs and use my newly acquired combat skills if anyone slips past the orbs.
I fling my head around trying to think of something, anything that we can do. 
I catch a glimpse of arms wrapping around Zeke’s shoulders. With a hard tug, they break up the group. Zeke gets pushed further and further away. 
I can feel his rage build. Damien is still unaware of the change as I brace myself to take Zeke’s place. 
Three of them come at me at the same time. I block the first blow, leaving me open to the other two. My ribs take the majority of it, as I throw a punch at victim number one. 
It’s hard enough to knock him back a few paces. I turn to deal with the other two when a pair of arms wrap around my midsection. 
I am yanked away, kicking and screaming. I catch Zeke and Damien’s attention. Their eyes flare with rage. They try fighting their way back to me, but there are too many soldiers. They are equipped with armor, so each blow to them only does a fraction of the damage that they are doing to us. 
The tears fall; I can’t hold them back anymore. The soldier drags me away from the fight to the edge of the woods. Queen Nema approaches with a vindictive smile. 
“I think it’s time we have a little tête--à--tête. Don’t you?” she asks.
I spit in her face. She is the last person I want to talk to seeing as she has tried to have me killed. 
“Now, your mother is going to be appalled at your lack of manners, darling,” she says. 
“What do you know of my mother?” I wiggle in the arms of the soldier, hoping to break lose. 
“Your mother sent me. She thinks it’s time that the two of you meet,” she says. Disbelief washes over me, but her words are enough to make me stop.
“I don’t believe you,” I spit out through clenched teeth. She can’t be telling the truth. I don’t believe that my mother would work with such an evil spirit. 
“She has your eyes, you know, as well as your feistiness.” She runs a bone--chilling finger down my cheek, wiping away a tear. 
“What do you want from me?” I scream, bucking with all of my might, trying to get back to Damien and Zeke. 
“Not me, darling, your mother. I told you that she wants to meet you. If you agree to come with me, I will make sure that your playthings are left unharmed,” the evil queen says. 
I look at both Damien and Zeke; they’re knee deep in trouble. Zeke is being held down and beaten, and Damien is pushing them back, but barely moving. They can’t keep this up much longer. 
I have to do something. I would rather kill Queen Nema than go with her, but I don’t want harm to come to Damien and Zeke. 
Is it possible that she really knows my mother? I’m looking for the Pendant so that I can find her. Is it possible that Nema knows that and is playing to my weaknesses? 
“How can I know if you are telling the truth and that you will let them go?” 
A smirk crosses her face. 
“You will have to trust me. As soon as you agree to come with me, I will order the guards to retreat.”
I look at them again. 
They are in trouble, and the only way out was being given to me by the evil queen. I know that in order to save them, I have to take her up on her offer. It’s not going to make them happy, but I can’t let them get hurt, and I want to meet my mother desperately. 
“Okay, I will go with you. Just leave them alone.” The decision is barely out of my lips. 
“Guards, retreat!” Queen Nema shouts. The soldiers instantly obey, running for the forest. 
Damien and Zeke look around, confused, before their eyes land on me. They know that a deal has been struck to save them. 
What did you do? It was Damien’s voice first. 
I had to; I couldn’t let her harm you, and she has my mother. I have to find her. I plead, hoping that they will understand. 
We will come for you. Zeke promises. 
I hear the snap of her fingers, and the world fades away. 

Author’s Note
The next book in the series Declaration is scheduled to be released soon.  Please look for it in the Amazon store on the release date. 
If you enjoyed my book, please write a review about it on Amazon.
If you would like to get to know more about me, or receive updates on my progress and release dates, please check out on the following websites:
www.amazon.com/author/lauratree
www.facebook.com/authorLauraTree
www.twitter.com/authorLauraTree 
Thank you for your purchase. I hope you have enjoyed it. 
Laura Tree
