



SURVIVING THE APOCALYPSE IN STEINBACH, MB
Celesta Thiessen



Published by Celesta Thiessen at Smashwords



Copyright 2013 Celesta Thiessen



Smashwords Edition



Dedication

This book is dedicated to my friend, Alecia Kehler. If it weren’t for you, I never would have thought of writing about living in Steinbach during an apocalypse. You have the best ideas! Thanks for the inspiration and encouragement!

I also want to dedicate this book to for King & Country. I love your music video, “The Proof of Your Love”! After watching it about a hundred times, suddenly I knew what the apocalypse would look like!




Chapter 1

“Caleb,” said June, looking at her boyfriend. The tall, brown-haired teen was staring intently at his phone as they leaned against the wall in the hallway, waiting for the teacher to admit them to their next class. “Hey, Caleb!” Still, he scrutinized the small screen on the phone. “Caleb Billy Thiessen!” she half-shouted. The other teens standing nearby looked over to see what was going on.
“Hmm? What?” he asked, finally looking up, his brown eyes locking with her glare.
“Look, do I have to strap your phone to my head so I can pretend you’re looking at me when we’re talking?”
Caleb chuckled. “We were talking?”
June playfully punched him in the arm. “I’m trying to tell you how I don’t feel respected at home. My mom keeps referring to my writing as a ‘little hobby’.”
“This again.” Caleb sighed.
“Yes, this again. It’s important! Writing is my life! It’s who I am!”
“I know.” He pulled her small frame into an embrace. It felt wonderful to have his strong arms wrapped about her, shielding her from the world. Just then, the door to the class opened and students in the hall started shuffling towards the open door.
“Thanks,” she whispered.
But Caleb wasn’t ready to let her go. He held her hands and looked down into her eyes. “I love you, June Westcott. I believe in your writing. We’re seventeen, in Grade Twelve. It won’t be long until we can be together and make a life of our own. Then you won’t have to worry about your mother anymore.”
June blinked away the tears that clouded her vision and followed the crowd into class.
Math. June tried to pay attention to the examples as she copied them down. She hated the subject but she liked getting good marks. Their teacher, Mr. Stevens, was very old. He wore a white, buttoned shirt to work everyday, probably the same one, as, whenever he lifted his hand to write on the board, yellowed spots under his arms became visible. Eww… June tried to focus on the example. Soon, Mr. Stevens would set them loose to try the practice questions. Some of the students never bothered doing the homework because it wasn’t worth marks, but June always did it because she wanted to be ready for the test and for the final exam.
“What the…” Everyone turned to look at the guy who had spoken. He was sitting near the back of the class, openly staring at his phone. 
“I’ll have to confiscate that,” said Mr. Stevens, slowly walking towards the student.
“No. Mr. Stevens… Winnipeg just got nuked!”
“What?!” Everyone in the class with a smartphone pulled it out. Shakily, June tapped open the web browser and typed “Winnipeg” in the search bar. Sure enough, the first page of results was headline after headline. Winnipeg had been bombed. Shock rolled through her and she hesitated to click on one of the articles, her finger hovering over her phone. Who would bomb Winnipeg? It wasn’t a large city, not compared to Toronto or New York. And it was practically in the middle of nowhere. Winnipeg was only about 60km away. What would happen to their little city of Steinbach? If it was a nuclear strike, would they die of the fallout or just get horribly sick and not be able to have kids? Or would their deaths be prolonged, lasting over the span of months or years? June tapped the first result.
“It’s not just Winnipeg!” someone called out. “Almost all the major cities in North America have been hit!”
Mr. Stevens was watching a news video on someone’s phone. He wasn’t saying anything. Wasn’t someone going to tell them what to do? She scanned the article she had called up on her the screen. There had been widespread destruction in Winnipeg. The initial assessment of the debris had not revealed any radiation.
“I don’t think it was nuclear,” June said to Caleb.
“What does that mean?” he asked, looking up from his phone.
“It means we might not be going to die.”
Caleb slid his desk across the aisle, right up against June’s desk. Then he took her hand. “Should I tell you everything’s going to be okay?” he asked.
“I’m not sure that would help this time.” It was surreal. How can this be happening? Questions with no answers.
“At least we don’t have family in the city,” said Caleb. “From what I’m reading in these reports, there’s not much left.”
June stared at him for a moment. “Except for my father.”
“Oh. I forgot. I’m so sorry, June.”
“It’s not like he’s a part of my life anyway. I haven’t even seen the guy in over a year.” June’s eyes filled with tears. She turned her phone off and shoved it into her pocket. “I don’t want to read about it anymore.”
“He might have survived,” said Caleb, taking her hand again.
June heard sobbing from some of the girls around her so she, too, allowed the tears to come, burying her face in Caleb’s shoulder. 
“Some people caught the bombs coming down on the city on video with their cell phones. Is it okay if I watch? I can use my ear buds if you want.”
“It doesn’t matter,” said June. “I just want you to hug me. You can watch. It’s fine.”
He shifted his phone to his far hand to watch so he could still hold June with his other arm. She wouldn’t watch the videos. If only it was some elaborate prank. 
“These are the cities that have been bombed,” said Mr. Stevens from the front of the class, as he began to write on the whiteboard.
“Can we go home?” asked a guy from behind them.
“No. You’d need parental permission to leave school early.”
Just then, Caleb’s phone buzzed in his hand. It was ringing. 
Caleb answered it, “Hello? Yup. Okay.” He tapped the phone off. “It was my dad. He just saw what happened. He wants me home.”
June nodded as he disentangled himself from her. “Stay safe, Caleb.”
“Of course.” He patted her shoulder before walking towards their teacher. “Mr. Stevens, that was my father on the phone. He wants me to come home.”
Mr. Stevens nodded vaguely as he continued to write city names on the whiteboard. Caleb waved at June before he disappeared through the open doorway. June wiped her face and then dried her hands on her jeans. She didn’t like crying alone. 
No matter what happened to the rest of the world, June was sure she would be at school right to the bitter end, seeing as her mother was a teacher at one of the local middle schools. The value and priority of education. How often had she heard that phrase? Yup, there’d be no early dismissal for her, even during the apocalypse. Unless her school got bombed. Would more bombs be dropping? It would be great if they bombed the school during the night. That way, she’d never have to come back. Who were ‘they’ anyway? Who did this to them? She hunched over her desk and rubbed her forehead with her palms. God, please let Caleb be okay. Even if the whole world collapsed, as long as she had Caleb... 
Mr. Stevens paused and looked out over the class. “Did you want me to finish the Math example first or continue on with this list?” He motioned to the board. 
“The list!” shouted several students.
“What does Math matter now, anyway?” asked some pale girl sitting in the front row.
“Math is a life skill,” intoned their teacher, the phrase coming out on autopilot, as he turned back to the board and started writing the name of another city.
He was just like her mother. A life skill. June flicked on her phone again; drawn to it, she couldn’t help herself. She watched videos uploaded by people who had captured the bombs coming down and the chaos that occurred shortly afterward. She watched a bright light - a ball of flame - descend on the snow-covered city from a variety of angles. It was weird that people were able to upload their videos - that the Internet and electricity could still be functional after all that had happened. She watched firefighters battling the city going up in flame. Then she watched the looters. 
June watched another video that opened to a scene of the devastation - Winnipeg’s downtown buildings. There was rubble everywhere. Splintered wood, broken bricks, rebar - even the concrete was broken up in large chunks. Snow was lightly falling. The camera panned and there, in the snow - bright red blood. It was a brighter red colour than she remembered it. Almost too bright for real blood. How June wished this were just some stupid movie. The video angle shifted again and she saw the source of the blood. A young girl with dark hair, lying still in the snow. There was no one with her. No one to help her…or to mourn her. The clip went black. June hoped that whoever had been recording had gone to check on the girl. She closed her eyes and a tear squeezed out. June clicked off her phone and shoved it back into her pocket. 
Class ended and June shuffled to her next class. She pulled out her phone again. Whatever that teacher said, June didn’t hear any of it. No one told her to put her phone away. The fires were out of control. Anyone who survived in Winnipeg would soon be homeless. It was just so terrible. It was January 15, the dead of winter in Manitoba. If the survivors couldn’t find shelter, they would freeze.
The rest of the day passed in a haze. Caleb didn’t come online. Most of the students got to go home. The teachers didn’t teach anything. They were watching their own phones. Mrs. Sumac wasn’t even in her classroom for last period. Someone said she had gone home. She was from Winnipeg. That’s it, I’m going home! June didn’t want to fight with her mother. Not today. Her mother would ask if she stayed at school all day and then…but surely she’d understand. 
June went to her locker. She pulled on her parka, mitts and toque and slung her backpack on. Trudging home through falling snow, her thoughts turned again to her father. Why hadn’t he contacted her? And now… Tears stung her eyes and started to freeze on her eyelashes. She rubbed a mitt across her eyes. Why should she cry for someone who clearly doesn’t care about her?
When June got home, her mom wasn’t there. Good. She pet her tabby cat, Tiger, who was sleeping in a sunny spot on the couch. He opened his green eyes and purred.
June went to take a hot bath. What a day. What would happen now? There was nothing to do but to wait and see. And dread. Slipping into the tub, she lay down and closed her eyes. She still had Caleb. June remembered the way he had looked at her when he had spoken to her in the hall. They loved each other. And they would be together. But what would her life be now? What would she be? Her eyes snapped open. She would be just what she was going to be before. It didn’t matter if it was the end of the world. She was a writer and that’s what she was going to do. 
Later, when June came out to the kitchen, her mother was making supper. 
“Mom.” June moved in for an embrace. They clung to each other for a moment.
“Did you stay at school all day?” 
“Until the last class; the teacher wasn’t there.” 
Her mother released her to look up into her face, searching for the truth. “Okay. I can accept that, considering today’s events. Thanks for that, June. School’s so important.”
“Right.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” her mother asked, sharply.
“Nothing. Mom, I don’t want to fight.” 
“Then answer the question.”
“It means right. Like, you’re right.” June raised her voice. “Why are you picking a fight with me?” 
Tears came to her mother’s eyes. “June, I’m sorry.”
June wanted to storm off to her room, slam the door and then see if Caleb was finally online to chat. But, instead, she hugged her mom again. “We still have each other, Mom. I think we’re going to be okay.” They didn’t always get along but June felt sorry for her. Her mother had taken it really hard when June’s father had left them.
“June, can you cut the onions?” 
“Sure, Mom.”
“So, how was your day, Honey?”
June laughed, maniacally. Then she spoke, mirthlessly, “Not that great, actually. And yours?” She looked up from chopping the onions to find her mother watching her with concern. “What, you think I’m loosing it?” June asked. But her mother didn’t answer. “Well, I probably am.” She now seriously wanted to storm off but June finished slicing the onions instead and then threw them into the frying pan.
Her mother sighed. “My day wasn’t great either. They might close down the schools.”
“What?” June tried not to look happy. This was too good to be true! School was nothing but a waste of time anyway. 
“I don’t know. The school board and the superintendents are having a meeting tonight. They’ll be calling us if school is going to be cancelled.”
“Oh.” June washed her hands. She had to talk to Caleb. Surely, he was online now. “I’m feeling kinda stressed. Is it okay if I go and lie down for a bit before supper?”
“Sure.” Her mother gave her a quick hug and a pat on the back. “You’re right. We have each other. Everything’s going to be fine.”
June smiled and nodded. Doubt it. ‘Okay’ maybe but certainly not ‘fine’. June slipped into her room and closed the door slowly, taking care not to slam it. Her mother was pretty sensitive these days.
She pulled her phone from her pocket and squirmed under the covers. June clicked it on and tapped the chat app. He was online!


June Westcott
Caleb! Finally. What’s going on out there?

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Nothing much. Dad just wanted me to help him secure everything on the farm. Figures there’s going to be looters coming from the city when they realize we still have food out here.

June Westcott
Really? Do you think they’ll come to Steinbach, too? 

June hadn’t though about that. Some people would still have cars. And even if they didn’t, Steinbach was only about a day’s walk from Winnipeg.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Idk. Dad says I’m not going back to school. He watched all those looting videos and he says he needs me to help protect the farm. We have the rifles out and loaded. He’s taking this very seriously.

June Westcott
This is crazy! When am I going to see you again?

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Idk. I’m going to go help my mom with supper, ok? I think she’s crying. But I’ll be back online tonight.

June Westcott 
K


And he was gone - offline. June wiped the tears from her own eyes. Then she squeezed her eyes closed and laid her head down on the pillow. Her mother was probably crying too. Caleb was such a good person. 
Caleb’s family lived ten minutes south of Steinbach. Any looters would get to Steinbach first, before they reached the Thiessen’s farm. Caleb is going to be okay, she told herself.
June awoke with a start, to the sound of the home phone ringing. She didn’t get up. It wouldn’t be for her. In the darkness, the green numbers on the alarm clock beside her bed read 7:00pm. Why had her mother let her sleep so long? What happened to supper?
June came out of her room to find her mother sobbing on the couch, sitting in the living room with all the lights off.
“Mom, what’s going on?”
Her mother sniffed and tried to compose herself before answering. “School’s been cancelled.”
“All the schools are cancelled for tomorrow?”
“No, not all the schools. The elementary schools are still running. But not the middle schools or the high school.”
“How long’s school going to be cancelled for?”
“For the foreseeable future.” 
“Wait…what? Closed permanently? What about graduation? I was going to graduate this year.”
“I don’t know, June. And I’ve lost my job now. I don’t know how we’re going to be able to support ourselves.” Her mother’s voice broke and she put her face down into her hands. “I asked to be transferred to the elementary school but they said there wasn’t an opening for me there…What am I going to do?”
June sat down on the couch beside her mother. “We still have each other. And we have Jesus. So…we have hope.”
Her mother squeezed her hand. “Thanks, Junie.”
Junie. It had been a long time since her mother had called her that. “What happened to supper?”
“I burned it. I had to throw everything out. Lucky thing I just went shopping though. I bet the stores are packed tonight.”
Fear traced a trail up June’s spine. “We should go shopping now too.”
“But we have enough food in the house to last us a month.”
“Mom, I don’t think the stores are going to get any more shipments. Not for a long time… Maybe not ever. What are we going to do for food?”
“Right. Out we go then. At least we’ve still got some money in the bank.”
“Okay, let’s go.” June grabbed a couple of chocolate chip cookies from a kitchen cupboard before pulling her parka out of the hall closet. 
Once they were in the car, June looked over at her mother. “Mom, are you scared?”
It was dark out and her mother kept her eyes on the road. “I’m sad. Scared too but mostly sad.”
“I’m mostly scared. Why are you so sad, Mom?”
“Your father…”
“Oh,” said June quietly.
On reaching their usual grocery store, they found the lot quite full. They had to park far from the building, near the highway. 
“Lots of people,” said her mother.
“I hope they still have some food left,” said June. As the automatic doors opened, they saw a crowd of people. June had never seen so many people in this grocery store. “Let’s both grab a shopping cart.”
“Good idea. Wow. The line-ups are going to be terrible.”
“At least it looks like they have some food left.”
Her mother commandeered an empty cart. “Right. Let’s go for anything we like to eat that will store well. Focus on dry, canned or frozen goods. If the electricity goes out, we can always store things outside or in the garage.”
“They’re all out of shopping carts,” said June.
“You’d better go look for one outside. You were right. We’d better buy food while there’s still something left to buy!”
June headed back out into the dark parking lot. She had to walk halfway across the mall before she found one. It had been shoved up onto a snowy boulevard. Pushing the cart though the sand and snow, she hurried back to the grocery store. Bypassing the fruits and vegetables, she found herself in the pet aisle. She found the cat food and filled half the cart with her kitty’s favourite food. They weren’t going to let Tiger starve, even if it was the end of the world! Then she went straight for the cookie aisle. She pulled the boxes of cookies into her cart until it overflowed. Then she went to find her mother who was just lining up at one of the checkouts.
“What did you get? …Oh, Junie! Cat food and cookies?”
“Of course. The most important things.” June pushed the cart into line behind her mother. “I figured we could make trips. Buy this and then come back for more.”
“I guess that makes sense. As much sense as anything could make right now.” She stared off, not saying anything for a few moments. “I’m just so glad it wasn’t nuclear,” she whispered.
It took forty-five minutes to get though the line. By the time they had unloaded their groceries and were back in the store, the selection was greatly diminished and many of the shelves were bare, but the crowd was almost as great.
“June, you go for any baking supplies that are left. Salt, sugar, flour, spices, shortening, things like that. I’ll check out the frozen goods; there seem to be a lot left. That’ll keep as long as it’s winter.”
“Right.” June steered the cart towards the baking aisle. The flour and sugar were all gone. There were some mint chocolate chips, butterscotch chips and blocks of bittersweet chocolate. June grabbed them all, filling the bottom third of the cart. She shuffled the items over to make room for eight boxes of salt that she snagged from a nearly empty shelf. Then she knelt down to peer into the bottom shelf. Four cans of sweetened condensed milk. Yummy. June grabbed them too before going to look at the spices. There were lots of spices. She took everything that looked like something her mother used. Then they lined up to pay again.
June and her mother repeated the process two more times, buying anything that was edible or could be useful, until the store had nothing left to sell. It was a little after midnight when they got home. 
“Where do we put all this stuff?” asked June, looking at all the bags on the kitchen table, counter and the floor.
“Let’s just get the frozen food into the freezer and we can leave the rest until morning,” said her mother.
“Okay.” Robotically, she helped carry the frozen goods downstairs to the large deepfreeze. 
When June fell into bed, she was so tired she didn’t bother changing into her pyjamas. She pulled her phone from her pocket. Caleb was online!


Chapter 2

June Westcott
Caleb!

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
I was worried. Where were you?

June Westcott 
Out at the store with my mom. It’s empty now, you know.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
The store’s empty? 

June Westcott
Yeah, it has no more food.

Caleb Billy Thiessen
Which store?

June Westcott 
All of them, probably. They’ll be closing down for good maybe. Who knows when they’ll get more food to sell?

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
That’s crazy! At least we’re sure to do really good at the farmer’s market this summer. LOL!

Summer. That was a long ways off. What would happen to her now that her mother didn’t have a job and there was no food in town?

June Westcott 
Maybe we’ll come live out there on the farm. My mom lost her job.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Oh, no! Why? What happened?

June Westcott 
School’s closed. Maybe forever.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
That’s crazy! Probably not forever. Just until they get things sorted out.

June Westcott 
Who’s ‘they’? And what’s to sort out? All the major cities have been destroyed.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
The government or whatever. I’m sure they’ll figure it all out.

June Westcott 
What government? Ottawa has been levelled.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
We’ve still got our MLA. I saw he posted something online. And I’m sure the mayor and City Council are still around. I think we’ll do ok. I’m just glad you’re all right, June. 

June Westcott 
I’m glad you’re ok too. You’re right. As long as we have each other.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
And Jesus.

June smiled in the darkness. She loved Caleb. He had such a good heart.

June Westcott
And Jesus.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
I’m wasted from working with Dad all day and it seems we’ll have another full day tomorrow.

June Westcott 
Sweet dreams. I love you.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Sweet dreams. Let’s chat again first thing in the morning, ok?

June Westcott 
k

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
I love you.

June Westcott 
I love you too.


She logged off so that Caleb would feel free to sleep. So much had happened. It was surreal.
Morning came too quickly. She heard her mother in the kitchen. June squinted at the glowing green numbers on the clock. It was 7:00 am and still dark out. She rolled over and squeezed her eyes closed. This was certain to be one of those days where it just didn’t pay to get out of bed. Then she thought of Caleb. She reached back to her nightstand and snatched up her phone. Caleb was online. He clicked send first.


Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Did you see the news?

June Westcott
No, not today. Why?

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Check out today’s top news stories. Is this for real? Go take a look and then we’ll talk.

June Westcott 
K


She tapped closed the chat app and tapped opened the web browser. The headlines were bewildering. The Zombie Apocalypse? She tapped open the page. This just doesn’t make any sense. There was some sort of infection spreading. The report was about Arkansas. But it was bombs that had dropped. How could this be possible? The zombie apocalypse was only a fictional premise. It had been popular lately. She had written a few shorts about the zombie apocalypse herself. But it was fiction. What was this article going on about? Then she saw the words, “biological weapon”. No. God, no. Oh, please, God, please help us. June sucked in her breath. She clicked on a link to watch a video report.

It was night. The video was obviously amateur, shot from a camera phone. 
“Though authorities celebrated when no trace of radiation was found in the bombs, the efforts to clean up and rebuild have been put on hold now that this new element of the attack has come to light. Or rather, it has come out in darkness.” The reporter was voiced-over the scene. 
What kind of cheesy reporting was this? Surely this, at least, must be some sort of hoax.
In the darkness, a group of people shuffled slowly down a paved road in a residential area, towards whoever was holding the camera. Fires, smoldering in other parts of the city, backlit the crowd. 
“As soon as darkness fell over the city of Los Angles, hordes of people came out from the ruined buildings and the subway tunnels.”
When they walked under a streetlight, their faces looked weird. The camera jerked like the person who was holding it was backing up quickly. Soon the horde was running. The camera angle spun wildly, showing the road and, finally, the sky. Then shoes and pants as the group passed by. Suddenly, the picture shifted and a man’s face came into focus. The video froze there, showing the face as a voice-over continued.
“There has been local contamination wherever the bombs hit. Our enemies, who have yet to claim responsibility, have used the bombs to deploy some type of biological weapon. Authorities say that, for now, the contamination is limited to those who have had direct contact with debris from the bombing. Anyone not affected is urged to stay indoors.”

What was with the eyes? June zoomed in on the image. Black. Both eyes were completely black - even the white part was black. Too freaky! It must be fake.
But could it be a hoax? Would someone be cruel enough to spread around such misinformation after all that had happened? Whoever had dropped the bombs might want to start a campaign of misinformation. And, even if the video wasn’t from their enemies, there were plenty of idiots out there who would think that fooling people was ‘funny’, even after such a horrible act of terror. June couldn’t believe in a zombie apocalypse. She wouldn’t. Not until there was better proof than this. It was just too much.


June Westcott 
I don’t believe it.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Really? R u sure? Seemed pretty convincing…

June Westcott 
I’m not buying any of it. Must be fake.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Like just some people acting it out? For what reason? A joke?

June Westcott
idk

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
You’re just saying that.

June felt the tears coming. It was too early in the morning for tears. It was too early in the morning for a zombie apocalypse. 

June Westcott 
?

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
I think it’s real. You do too…right?

This couldn’t be happening. She wanted to throw her phone across the room and let smash to bits on the wall. But the phone was her only link to Caleb. Tears slipped down her cheeks. She buried her face in her pillow for a moment. Then June sat up, cleared her eyes and brought the screen closer to her face. 

June Westcott 
I need you here with me.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
You might be getting your wish. Did you see steinbachonline.com? 

June Westcott 
No. Y?

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
The City of Steinbach has already put up roadblocks and they’re in the process of putting up a barricade around the city.

June Westcott 
What? When did this start happening?

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
The report said that City Council met at 3am to decide what to do now that there might be an infection coming. 

June Westcott
Where are they putting up the barricade?

Caleb Billy Thiessen
Here. I’ll paste from the report… The fence on the south side was put up on along Hanover road. The boarder on the West Gate is Bush Farm Road. Houses just beyond the barricade were levelled or burned, as was bush area, so the militia would have good visibility. Residents of homes that had to be destroyed were offered permanent, tax-free housing at Superstore and Clear Spring Center. They were given twenty minutes to evacuate and pack up anything that they could. 

June Westcott
It’s just getting worse and worse so quickly. How can this all be happening?

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
Dad says maybe it will be better for us in Steinbach. He has a call in to the mayor. We might be moving to town.

June Westcott
But what about all the cows?

The dairy farm was everything to Caleb’s father. She would never have thought he would abandon it. Zombie apocalypse or not.

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
If the mayor gives us the go, we’ll be bringing them all to Steinbach with us. And most of their feed. Dad thinks the City Council will approve it. People in Steinbach still gotta eat. So our cows would come in pretty handy. 

June Westcott
Oh Caleb, I hope you can come to Steinbach. 

Caleb Billy Thiessen 
We’ve got Jesus, remember? He’s gonna take care of us. Gotta go. My Dad’s calling. Love you!

June Westcott 
I love you too!


But he was already offline. 
June threw her covers off and stood. There would be no sleeping in now. I have to get out there, to see what’s going on with my own eyes. She quietly opened the door and then ducked into the bathroom before her mother could talk to her. A nice hot shower would be just the thing to chase away the creeped-out feelings, before she went out to take a look around. It was too early in the morning for this. A few minutes later, when her mother came and talked to her through the door, June buried her face in the water so she couldn’t make out what her mom was saying. When June finally felt better, she towelled off and dressed quickly. On exiting the bathroom, she found her mother just sitting, doing nothing, on the couch.
“Aren’t you going to watch TV or something?” asked June.
“No. I don’t want to see that anymore.” Her mother slowly shifted her gaze from the darkened TV to June’s face. “Why didn’t you answer me when I was knocking on the bathroom door?”
“You were knocking? Oh, sorry. I didn’t hear you.” June came to stand by the couch. She pet the cat absently. He rubbed his face against her hand.
Her mother sighed. “June, we need to talk. I just don’t know what to do. My school is being made into a farm. On the radio, it said we will have to continue to pay property taxes. But I have no way of making money.”
“Why would we have to pay? What are they planning to use the money for? Hasn’t the whole economy collapsed or something?”
“Did you know that Texas wasn’t hit at all? The US deployed their counter-terrorism missiles when they learned of the attack. They were only able to bring down a handful of the rockets because they launched their defenses so late. But Texas has survived unscathed. It’s more in the middle of the continent so that probably helped. City Council thinks we may still be able to use money to buy things, come summer. We might be able to get shipments of food or gasoline from Texas.”
“But what about the sickness? Is anyone really going to risk travelling now?” asked June.
“I just don’t know what to think. All I know is that the Council said that those who can’t pay their taxes will be evicted.”
“That’s crazy! How much are the property taxes? Maybe I can pay them.”
“Two hundred and forty-five dollars a month,” said her mother.
“I have $1500 saved up so far. And, lately, I’ve been making about one hundred dollars on my eBook sales each month. So I guess we’ll be okay for a while. I’ll just have to write more books.”
Her mom stood up from the couch and hugged her tightly. “Thank you, June.” There were tears in her voice. “I’ll pay you back once this whole thing gets sorted out.”
“Right,” June said, with more enthusiasm than she felt. She pulled away from her mother to speak. “Wait… did you say that your school is becoming a farm?!” 
Her mother laughed. “Crazy, isn’t it? The city’s erecting a barricade and turning the middle schools and the public high school into farms. And the arena’s becoming a training area for the Steinbach Militia.”
June looked at her mother to determine if she was joking. Her mother was smiling. “You’re kidding about the Steinbach Militia part, right?”
“No. I heard it on the radio just this morning. Anyone who wants to register to fight in the militia is to report to the arena.”
“This day is just too bizarre. Let’s go out to take a look at what’s going on,” said June.
“The radio said to keep your vehicle off the road unless it was really important. The RCMP are going to be pulling people over.”
“We can walk, then,” said June. “We’ll dress for the weather. I just really need to get out of this house to clear my head and get a dose of reality.”
“Okay, let’s do it. But you should eat something first, Honey. I’ve already had breakfast.”
“I’ll just grab a couple of cookies to eat on the way.”
Her mother shook her head almost imperceptibly but didn’t say anything. Guess if it’s the end of the world, it’s okay to eat cookies for breakfast…or at least not worth fighting about.
Soon they were standing outside on their front doorstep. June had opted for her snow boots, though she usually wore her runners to school. Looking cool was clearly going to be a thing of the past. If it was all going to be about surviving now, keeping her feet warm seemed like a good place to start.
“Let’s walk to Highway 12 so we can see if they’re really setting up a barricade.” Highway 12, labelled Brandt Street in the city, was only three blocks away. And they lived near the southern edge of town so June figured they should be able to see what was happening.
“Sure.” Her mother took her hand and June let her. They hadn’t held hands since she was ten. June smiled. wondering what people would think. Who cares? Seventeen-year-olds could hold hands with their mothers if it was the end of the world, she decided. Plus it really was for her mother’s benefit, anyway.
The white snow crunched beneath their feet as they made their way along the slippery sidewalk. Soon they were able to see the highway coming into town. Four police cruisers sat blocking the road, lights flashing. Two semi-trucks were also there; one was unloading chain link fencing and the other had the tall kind of cement curbs sitting on a flatbed trailer.
“They’re really doing it,” murmured June.
Her mother squeezed her hand. “Are you getting cold? Want to go home?”
“I’m not too cold. Let’s walk to your school.” June felt in her pocket for her phone but she had forgotten it at home. Would Caleb be at one of the city farms? 
They walked along the highway until they reached the point where the sidewalk started. It was a doublewide sidewalk, cleared of snow. Right away, they could see the schoolyard of the middle school where her mom used to work.
June gasped in surprise. “Cows!” Black and white dairy cows stood behind the fence that surrounded the schoolyard. Maybe they were the Thiessen’s cows!
“Let’s go around to the front of the school to see if we can find anything out,” suggested June.
“Find out what?” asked her mother.
“Caleb said they might be bringing his farm into town.”
Her mother nodded and smiled faintly. “Okay, let’s see if he’s there.” They made their way around the large fenced lot to the front of the school. Then they stood there, looking at the entrance. 
“Do you think it’s okay to go in?” asked June.
“I’m not sure,” said her mother.
Just then, Caleb came bursting out the front door.
“Caleb!” cried June.
He ran to her and swept her up in an embrace. “June! I’ve been trying to get a hold of you all morning! Are your phone batteries dead?”
“No. I just forgot it at home. After everything that happened…” 
He set her down on the sidewalk. “Don’t worry about it. We’re together now.” Caleb smiled at her mother. “Hello, Mrs. Westcott.”
“Hello, Caleb. Will your family be living here now?”
“Yes, and the cows too and our dog and cat. We only get part of the yard though. There’s going to be chickens and sheep too.” He grinned and looked at June. “You know I hate farming but this…It’s pretty funny! I have to go back to the farm for another load with my dad soon but I think I have about ten minutes. Come on in and I’ll show you our place.” He pushed the heavy metal door open and held it for June and her mother. Then he led them down the hall to a classroom. “This is our new home.” The desks had been pushed to one side. Furniture and household goods were stacked on the empty floor space. “We have the use of seven more classrooms for storing farm equipment and feed.
“Oh, no!” said June’s mom, taking in the disarray. “What does your mother think of all this?”
“When she saw the zombies on TV this morning, she was the one who suggested coming to town. Looters we could have protected ourselves from. Zombies…I think we’d all rather be somewhere safe.”
“Billy.” His father was standing in the hall. “Time to go.” His mom and everyone at school called him Caleb but his father always called him Billy.
“Maybe we could help,” June suggested.
His father looked at them and June’s mother nodded to the man. “Sure,” he said. “Any help is welcome. There’s room for you in the truck.”
Mr. Thiessen’s pickup truck had two rows of seats in it. She and Caleb sat in the back seat while her mother joined Mr. Thiessen in the front. 
“I have seventeen more cows to bring into town, as well as a lot of equipment and things from the house too. I’m guessing it will take at least seven more trips. Maybe more.” The truck was pulling a livestock trailer. 
It was odd going through a check stop to leave town. They sped down the deserted highway for ten minutes before turning off on a gravel road. When they pulled up into the farmyard, the sound of a barking dog carried into the cab of the truck even through the closed windows.
“What’s Shep on about now?” rumbled the old farmer.
“It’s funny the dog didn’t come to greet the truck,” said Caleb.
Concern creased Mr. Thiessen’s face as he scanned the yard. “Maybe leaving your mother here alone wasn’t such a good idea.”
“But she’s in the house packing up, with the door locked, right?” asked Caleb.
Mr. Thiessen moved to pull a rifle from under the front seat. “Billy, grab your gun and let’s go take a look. You women stay in the truck.”
Caleb unfastened his seatbelt and reached for his gun from under the front bench. Mr. Thiessen opened the front door, locked it and pushed it closed without slamming it. Caleb did the same with the back door.
“I wonder what’s wrong?” asked her mother.
June didn’t say anything. She was sure Mr. Thiessen wasn’t one to make something out of nothing. Slowly, the men walked towards the barn. Then they disappeared around back, out of sight. June wrapped her arms around herself, partly because of the cold but mostly because of the pain in her stomach. Please, God, please let Caleb be okay. 
A moment later, the large barn doors burst open. Her mother gasped, startling June even more. A man ran from the barn, carrying a large, red, jerry can. He ran straight for Mr. Thiessen’s truck. The man flung himself against the door and then pulled at the handle. But the door was locked. June stared at the man in horror; his face was contorted in rage but, at least, his eyes were blue. He wasn’t contaminated or anything. 
“Open this door!” he bellowed, yanking at the handle again.
Then they heard Shep. The man turned just in time to see the brown and black animal leaping at him. He put up his hands to ward the dog off but it did little good. Soon the man was on the ground and Shep had him by one forearm, holding him and growling. Mr. Thiessen came running from the barn, with Caleb close behind.
“That’s enough, Shep. Let ‘em go now, boy,” said Mr. Thiessen. Shep complied, releasing the fallen man. Wagging his tail, he moved to stand by his master. “Get up.” Mr. Thiessen pointed the rifle at the man. The man struggled to his feet. “Now, get outta here. Leave my gas behind and don’t come back.”
The man didn’t pick up the fallen jerry can. He took off running, through the farmyard and down the gravel road. Mr. Thiessen kept his gun on him until the man was out of sight. 
“Good boy!” said Caleb, patting the dog. The dog wagged his tail, seemingly happy to have experienced some excitement.
“Come on out now,” said Mr. Thiessen. “The two of you can help my wife pack up the house.”
June and her mother clambered down out of the truck. June‘s legs were wobbly but she didn’t want to let it show. She patted the dog.
“Good boy,” she whispered. June wished that she and her mother had a dog too.
“S’pose it makes sense, people trying to steal gas now,” said Mr. Thiessen. “The pumps in town are already dry.”
“Lucky I gassed up yesterday morning,” her mother said, absent-mindedly also patting Shep. It was hard to believe that so much had happened in less than 48 hours!
Caleb led the way to the farmhouse while his father started loading more cows into the trailer. Mrs. Thiessen met them at the door.
“Is everything okay?” she asked. “I heard the dog barking before you got back.”
“Everything’s okay now,” said Caleb. “Was just a man trying to steal gasoline.”
“Oh!” exclaimed his mother. “So we are facing the criminal element already. I’m really glad we’re moving to Steinbach.”
June and her mother helped Mrs. Thiessen finish packing the food and cookware into boxes while Caleb went outside to help his father with the cows. June’s mother was emptying the pantry, out of earshot. 
“I’m so glad Caleb is dating a nice girl like you,” Mrs. Thiessen said quietly.
“Thank you,” murmured June.
“It must be nice that you’re going to have him closer now.”
“Yeah. I guess he’ll only be a few blocks away now.”
Mrs. Thiessen reached over and patted June’s hand. “Everything’s going to be okay.” 
June nodded. “I hope so.”
About twenty minutes later, Caleb came back into the house. “The cows are loaded. Dad said I should start loading boxes into the back of the pickup. June, you can help if you can lift these.” Caleb hefted a box into her arms.
June smiled at his closeness. “Sure.” She followed him out and he held the door open for her. 
Her mother stayed behind to help Mrs. Thiessen. When Caleb and June got to the truck, he deposited his boxes, and then lifted her box down into the back of the truck, too.
“Thanks.”
“You’re okay, right? Not too scared because of what happened?” But he was grinning at her.
“I’m okay.” She grinned back. Caleb was like his dog - happy with the new excitement. 
He stepped closer, looking down at her. Even though they had been dating three months, they had never kissed. June was starting to wonder if he was going to wait until they got married, like a few of the couples at her church had done. But, now, he was looking down at her expectantly. Butterflies performed circus tricks in her stomach. June had dated two other guys before. But she was Caleb’s first girlfriend. 
June slid her arms up to his shoulders and around his neck and stood on tiptoe but she still couldn’t quite reach him. “You have to lean down a bit,” she whispered.
“Billy, hurry up!” shouted Mr. Thiessen, leaning out of the barn. “We need to be finished moving by nightfall and we’re not coming back.”
Caleb pulled away and took her hand. “Let’s get the rest of the boxes loaded.”


Chapter 3

It was the first church service since everything had happened - four days since the blast that levelled Winnipeg. The church was packed. As was their usual practice, June and her mother went into the church through the back door, near the entrance to the sanctuary, just before the service was scheduled to start. Standing in the entranceway, June scanned the area for Caleb. His parents went to a different church but, ever since they had started dating, he had come to her church and sat with June and her mother. There he was, standing near the water fountain. The pent-up anxiousness inside her began to release. She hurried towards him and waved in greeting.
“Hi.” Caleb grinned at her. “It’s nice to see you again. I’m actually starting to miss school. We used to see each other every day. Now I just see cows everyday.”
June laughed. “Let’s go get a seat.” The three of them walked through a side door into the sanctuary and took a seat on the far left of the large room.
“I can’t get over how much your church looks like a movie theater,” said Caleb.
June laughed again. The worship music had already started and it felt so great to be between Caleb and her mother. It felt safe. And, whatever had happened, the church was still here and still the same. June was looking forward to hearing the pastor speak today. She needed a message of hope and comfort.
After the worship, one of their pastors walked up to the podium. He said that the senior pastor was out of the province when the bombings took place but that they had been in touch and he was trying to get home. June almost started crying again. Their senior pastor was a father figure to her. He was a very kind person and he used to be their neighbour, before he moved closer to the church. 
The pastor continued speaking, “Today’s message will be about the sovereignty of God and the compassion of God. But, before we get into it, let’s pray.
“Dear Heavenly Father, I ask that you would speak to us today. Give us ears to listen to your voice and hearts to receive. We lift up our burdens to you now, Lord. Please keep our loved ones safe and bring comfort and peace to our hearts and minds. Amen.”
June had trouble focusing during the sermon. Sovereignty of God…Hadn’t he done a whole series on that topic already? She looked up to see a verse on the screen.

“The Lord is gracious and compassionate, slow to anger and rich in love.” Psalm 145:8

The pastor’s voice broke in, through her thoughts, “The Lord is compassionate but he has allowed this to happen. We know the very nature of God is all-powerful. He could have stopped it but he let it happen. God is sovereign. He is in control. This attack is not something that has taken him by surprise. Now is the time to press into God. Press in for comfort. It is only Jesus that can give true joy, joy this world can’t understand or ever take away. And press in to God for wisdom and for next steps. Sometimes, like in the case of Job, there is no answer to the question, ‘Why’? But often there is something God wants to tell you. Press into God.”
The service passed quickly. Afterwards, she lingered in the lobby with Caleb. “When will I see you again?” she asked.
“I don’t know. I’m going to be extremely busy. We’re still getting everything with the farm sorted out. But you can come and visit, maybe even help.”
“Okay, I’ll come but not right away. I need to finish up the story I’m working on and I want to give you time to get everything in order over there. I don’t want to take you away from your work.”
They hugged goodbye. “See you soon, June.” He smirked a little at the rhyme and walked out into the parking lot.

***

Four days later, June knew she just had to see him. That morning, as soon as the sun was shining above the horizon, June wrote her mother a message on the whiteboard that hung near the phone.

Gone to visit Caleb.

She just had to see him! It had been too long. Way too long! She hurried into her winter gear and out the door. Off to visit the city farm. She couldn’t help but smile. Maybe everything would be okay, after all.
She entered the school and found Caleb in the classroom they were using as their home. It was still crowded with boxes and furniture. Mrs. Thiessen was there.
“Oh, hello, Dear. How nice to see you again. Caleb is in the room across the hall, sorting out some of the tools and other farm supplies.”
“Thank you.” She turned to see Caleb standing behind her in the hallway.
“Caleb!” They embraced. By his smell and the grime on his shirt, it was apparent that he had already been working for a while. 
“Have you come to help me with the farm work?”
“Sure!” She smiled enthusiastically and followed him into the other classroom.
“They’ve decided to call this East City Farm.”
“And the other middle school?”
“West City Farm.” 
“That makes sense, I guess.”
“And City Council has decided that we’ll keep 1/5 of whatever we produce plus we’ll be able to live here for free. My dad figures that’s a good deal and worth it to keep Mom safe. Me and Mom, that’s all he’s got now.” Caleb’s older sister, Leah, had died in a car accident four years ago. June had never met her.
“Your cows make a lot of milk, right? Even 1/5 of the total will be a lot. What are you going to do with all that milk?”
“Trade it for whatever else we need. I’m sure people will start bartering goods more than using cash now.”
“That makes sense,” said June. “I’m glad you guys got a good deal.”
“So, I’m going to be working with my dad from now on, I guess…what are you going to be doing? I know your mom doesn’t have a job anymore… You could always work here with me. I’m sure my parents would be willing to pay you a cut.”
“Caleb…you know I never wanted to go into farming. I thought you didn’t either.”
“Times have kinda changed. It makes sense for me to do this now. But what are you going to do? How are you and your mom going to get by? And if you worked here too, we could spend all our time together.”
“Caleb, I’m going to be a writer, remember?”
He pursed his lips and looked at the hanging lights overhead. “June…I know that was your dream…but, maybe, this is a time for surviving…not for dreams.”
Tears blurred her vision. She turned away and walked quickly out of the room. Caleb was calling to her but he didn’t follow. June had heard enough of that from her mother. She didn’t need it from her boyfriend, too. Come to think of it, maybe I don’t even need a boyfriend. When her phone buzzed in her pocket, June ignored it. She quickly walked home through gently falling snow. Her note was still on the whiteboard. She erased it. Her mother must not be up yet. 
June went quietly into her room and flipped open her laptop. Time to write. Didn’t matter what any of them said. The story that flowed from her fingertips was a dystopian tale, a short story. Tears flowed from her eyes when the main character sacrificed himself heroically at the end. It was a good story. But June couldn’t stop crying. She looked at the clock. Three hours had passed. Where’s Mom? June was surprised her mother hadn’t knocked on her door yet. She wiped away tears and noticed her phone buzzing on the bed. Probably Caleb. June ignored it. She looked at herself in the mirror. It looked like she’d been crying. Well, it was a really touching story. And it was the end of the world anyway so…whatever. She hoped her mother wouldn’t ask about it. She didn’t want to talk about Caleb. June wasn’t even sure what was going to happen about him yet so what was there to talk about anyway?
She opened her door and wandered out into the kitchen. “Mom?” No sign of her. It was already twelve. June knocked on her mother’s bedroom door. “Mom?” No answer. June opened the door. Her mother was still in bed. “Late night last night?” asked June.
“I guess not.” Her mother’s voice was strained. She’d been crying.
“Are we going to have lunch or something? It’s noon.”
“I’m not hungry.”
“I was working on my writing. I wrote another short story. I only need to write one more and then I’ll be able to publish another collection.”
“That’s nice, Honey…I just want to stay in bed. Could you please close the door?”
June didn’t think it was good for her mom to stay in bed all day. “Mom…I need you. Please come and sit with me while I eat something. I’m starving.”
“I’m in my pyjamas,” her mother objected.
June laughed. “I don’t care.”
“You really need me?”
“Of course I do. It’s the zombie apocalypse, remember? We’ve gotta stick together.”
Apparently, her mother didn’t find her comment as amusing as June did but she did sit up. “Well, I guess I can be with you for a little while.”
“Thanks, Mom.” June led the way to the kitchen table.
Just then, there was a loud knock on the front door. They looked at each other.
“Maybe we should pretend we’re not home,” suggested June.
Her mother moved to the door and stared out the peephole. She motioned June back to the kitchen. “It’s a man,” she whispered. “I like your idea.” They sat silently together at the kitchen table for a few minutes. Then her mother tiptoed to the door and peered through the peephole again. “He’s gone,” she announced.
“I wonder what he wanted?” asked June.
“I’m just glad he’s gone.” Her mother slumped down at the kitchen table and put her head down on the wooden surface. “I’m not cut out for this ‘it’s the end of the world’ thing.”
June put her hand on her mother’s shoulder. “Maybe it’s not even the end of the world. God has the plan, right? So…we don’t have to be afraid.”
Her mother sat up. “You’re right, June. I’m so proud of you for working this morning. You really are doing well with this writing thing that you do.”
This writing thing. Well, at least she had called it “working”. “Thanks, Mom.”
The doorbell rang loudly, startling a flinch out of June. Then she laughed nervously.
“I wonder if that man has come back,” her mother said quietly. She crept to the door and peered out again through the small lens. Swiftly, she turned the deadbolt and pulled the door open. “Caleb, you’re a welcome sight,” announced her mother. “We were just about to eat lunch. Please join us.” 
Caleb looked at June but she averted her eyes. He sighed and came into the house. “Thank you, Mrs. Westcott.”
June closed and locked the door behind him. “Some strange man was knocking on the door a few minutes ago. That’s why Mom is so glad to see you,” June explained. Her mother bustled into the kitchen, pulling dishes and food onto the table.
“But…you’re not glad?” asked Caleb, tentatively.
June shrugged. “It’s fine for now. After lunch, you’ll have to go, though, because I have a lot of work to do - writing.” June walked into the kitchen and finished setting the table.
Caleb followed her. “But is writing the kind of work you should be doing? It doesn’t produce food so…what’s the point?”
June’s mother stopped what she was doing and came to stand beside Caleb. “Oh, you don’t understand.” She patted his hand. “June’s making money selling her stories. Even now, after what’s happened. Tell him how much you made yesterday, Junie,” said her mother.
“About $10,” she replied.
“But what good is money?” asked Caleb.
“Oh, we still have to pay our property taxes which come to $245 a month,” said her mother. “Junie’s going to be paying the bills around here now.” She patted him again before sitting down at the table. 
“Oh.” Caleb sat down too and June joined them. “I’m sorry, June, I didn’t know that.”
“And, if I make extra money I’m sure we’ll be able to trade it for food. Because everyone who owns property still has to pay taxes,” said June.
“That makes sense.” Caleb reached out and took her hand. “I’m sorry, June. I’m a real idiot sometimes.”
Her mother laughed lightly. “You’re in good company. I never used to understand the value of June’s writing either. But, if people are paying for it, then clearly it does have value. Live and learn, right?”
June tried not to frown at her mother’s words because they were intended as a complement. But she pulled her hands away from Caleb and used them to open a carton of cookies and deposit a couple on her plate.
“When it’s the zombie apocalypse, you can have cookies for lunch, don’t ya know,” June tried to force a smile.
“June, you know I’ve always loved your stories. I was just worried about you. “Please, please forgive me.”
June looked at him and considered for a moment. Those soft brown eyes sure were adorable. “I forgive you.” She smiled a real smile.
“Thank you, June.” He smiled too, clearly relieved. “I’m going to have more faith in you from now on,” he vowed.
After lunch, June beckoned Caleb into her room. “Do you have time to stay for a bit? I want to show you what I’m working on.”
“Sure.” He followed her into her bedroom.
“Keep the door open,” her mother called.
“Rules are rules,” June muttered, “even if it is the end of the world.” She showed him the story she had written that morning.
“That’s really great,” said Caleb. “That’s a lot of work of one morning. Good for you.”
She could tell that Caleb was really trying. Not everyone would ‘get’ her. But someone who was going to be that close - someone she might marry - had to ‘get’ her, and trying was a good first step. She surprised him with an enthusiastic hug. He stumbled backwards and fell onto her bed. 
“Sorry.” Giggling, June rolled away from him.
Caleb sat up, not laughing but, instead, looking concerned. “I was really upset when you didn’t answer your phone all morning. I called and texted…nothing. Please don’t do that to me, June.”
She was standing, looking down at him sitting on her bed. “I was really busy this morning. As soon as I got home, I went straight to writing this story.”
“I wanted to come and apologize right away but Dad wouldn’t let me go until lunch. You saying you never heard your phone? June…I started calling right away, before you even got home.”
June looked down. “I heard it,” she admitted. Then she crossed her arms. “If you want me to take your calls, you shouldn’t be so rude to me.”
“It’s just that…” Caleb’s eyes filled with tears. “When Leah died…” His voice quavered and he stopped talking for a moment. June sat down beside him and took his hand. Caleb seemed to draw strength from her nearness. “Leah and Dad had a fight. She stormed off. We phoned and phoned when she didn’t come home that night. All of us tried calling her. But she wouldn’t answer any of the calls. Not even mine. Then, the next day, we got a phone call. From the police. Leah was dead.” He put his arms around June. “That’s why it makes me so freaked out.”
“Oh, Caleb, I’m so sorry! I didn’t know. I’ll try to remember to always answer my phone when I know it’s you calling, even if we’ve had a fight.”
“Thank you, June.” He held her close for a few more moments. The light in her bedroom flickered and went out.
June gasped. The kitchen was dark too. 
“Power’s out,” said Caleb. 
The lights flicked back on. June giggled as Caleb released her. “That was surprising,” she said.
“Lucky the power came back on.” Caleb stood. “I’d better get back to work. There’s a lot to be done, getting everything settled in our new place.”
June walked him to the door. “I’m glad everything is okay between us now,” she said.
He hugged her again at the doorway. “Me too.” Then he went out and June locked the door behind him.
Her phone buzzed in her pocket. June pulled it out. A text from Caleb.

I love you, June Westcott!

She looked out the peephole and saw his lanky form hurrying down the snowy road, phone in hand.

I love you too, Caleb Billy Thiessen!

A warm feeling settled in her heart. Life was still good.
That afternoon, June worked on a novel she had started back in the summer. As she plinked away, the story flowed from her mind to her laptop. She heard her mother cleaning in the kitchen. That was a good sign. The afternoon passed quickly as she focused on the fantasy world she was creating. Fairy folk in a rich, deep green forest. It was a relief after seeing nothing but the bright whiteness of the snow for so many months.
“June! Supper time,” her mother called.
Supper! Things really were looking up. She glanced at her clock. Already 5:00. Time was flying.
June came out of her room. Her mother had made roast beef and mashed potatoes.
“Wow! What’s the occasion?”
“We’re celebrating,” said her mother.
“What are we celebrating?”
“Ah…” her mother waved a hand through the air. “Life. And your writing, Honey. You’re doing so well.” They sat at the table and her mother folded her hands to pray. “God, thank you for this food. Thank you for blessing us with this time together. And thank you that June has a job so we can pay our taxes. Amen.”
“Amen,” echoed June. She bit into the juicy roast. “Mmm…this is great! Thanks Mom! It’s been a while.”
“Yeah…” Her mother dabbed at her mouth with a napkin. “I’m sorry about the last couple of days, June…I’ve just been…so tired.”
“That’s okay,” said June. 
It was dark outside already so, in the kitchen window, June saw only her own reflection. She shivered at the darkness beyond. Images she had seen of the dark-eyed mob flashed in her mind. June shivered again and tried to escape those thoughts. She had stayed away from the news since then. With everything that was happening in her personal life…she didn’t really want to know if the zombies were coming. But she prayed that Steinbach would be safe.
“June? Is Caleb coming back later this evening?”
She startled. “Hmm? Oh, I don’t think so.” June took out her phone but he hadn’t left her a message. Just then, the lights went out.
Her mother gasped. June giggled nervously. They waited in silence for a long moment.
June looked at her plate. “I can’t even see my food. How long do you think the power will be out?”
“I don’t know. This morning it was down for less than a minute.” Her mother stood up. “Candles. We’ll eat dinner by candlelight.” June could hear her mother rustling in the cupboard. “Ah. Here they are. And the lighter…” The sound of a drawer opening. Then a flame sprang to life in the darkness. Her mother lit two long candles and placed them on the table.
“Perfect,” said June.
“Yes,” agreed her mother. “Very romantic.”
June giggled. It felt good to be a kid again and have her mother taking care of her.
“I wonder if the power is out all over town?” mused her mother.
“I’ll ask Caleb.” June pulled the phone from her pocket and sent him a text. Her phone buzzed a moment later. “The power’s out at the school, too.”
“Hmm…I’m sure they’re working on it.”
After supper, they stacked the dishes in the sink. 
“We’ll wash when the power comes back on,” said her mother. “Oh, and try not to flush the toilet. I think, when the power goes out, it affects the water pressure. We might only have a few flushes before there’s no water left.”
“Okay,” said June. “What now?”
“Maybe we should call it a night,” suggested her mother. “Might be a good idea to catch up on your sleep since we have nothing else to do.”
“Yeah, I guess.” June walked into her room. Tiger followed her. “Goodnight,” she called softly.
“Goodnight,” said her mother. 


Chapter 4

June closed her door quietly and flopped onto her bed. Tiger jumped up beside her and curled up. She pet her cat a little and then pulled out her phone. Lucky she had just charged it. Hopefully, this black out wouldn’t last too long.
June tapped her web browser open to steinbachonline.com. Maybe they knew when the power would be back on. 


Power Out in Steinbach

At 7:05 this evening, the power went out in all parts of Steinbach. Hydro crews have determined that the cause for the outage is not within the city or in the immediate area outside Steinbach. At this point, it is unclear when or if electricity will be restored.

The Steinbach City Council will be meeting tonight with top Hydro personal and several other experts in the area of electrical power generation. Meanwhile, citizens are urged to stay inside, keep their exterior doors closed and use word-burning stoves where possible. The mayor stressed that, when gathering firewood or installing wood-burning stoves, safety is of the utmost importance as the hospital has limited supplies and a fire in Steinbach might not be able to be contained. 


At the end of the article was a list of sites about generating electricity and about using and installing wood-burning stoves. June scanned the list. Solar power, wind turbines, gas generators and wood burning stoves. She clicked the first link and scanned the page. A large solar collector was needed to generate enough electricity to partially power a house. Solar panels were difficult to manufacture. June thought about the collection of odds and ends her father had left in the garage. Come to think of it, she may have seen some small, emergency, solar panel around somewhere. But, clearly, it wouldn’t be enough to heat their house. 
She clicked on the next link. Wind turbines were easier to manufacture and it was possible to make them in a metal shop. The site even provided some plans for such a turbine. June was beginning to feel hopeful until she read the next part. Wind turbines could not be installed on rooftops because the air at that level was too turbulent. A wind turbine should be installed on a tower of at least 100 feet in height. They had no such tower and no way of making one. The next part was even more discouraging. Such a wind turbine would only reduce one’s electric bill by up to 10%, meaning it wouldn’t provide much electricity at all.
June didn’t bother clicking the gas generators link. They didn’t have a generator and they didn’t have much gas, so that wasn’t going to help them. She clicked the link about wood burning stoves. The installation didn’t seem that hard. Certainly, it was something that Caleb or his father would be able to handle. Too bad they didn’t have one. For heating, wood-burning stoves were the clear winner.
Her phone buzzed in her hand. Caleb was online. 


June Westcott
Is the power still out there?

Caleb Billy Thiessen
Sure is. Dad decided we should bring all the cows inside. So we put down straw in two classrooms so they wouldn’t slip on the tile floor.

June Westcott
Why bring the cows inside?

Caleb Billy Thiessen
The temperature’s dropping both outside and in the building. This way the cows will stay warm and we’ll stay a little warmer too because of their body heat. They’re like natural heaters. Dad says, in the pioneer days, they did that sometimes too.

June Westcott
That’s funny. What did the cows think of that?

Caleb Billy Thiessen
I don’t know but Shep sure thought it was funny. He was whining and barking and running around. But then he was fine with it. The dog’s adjusted well to our new kind of life.

June Westcott
I think he’s the only one. I’m scared, Caleb. It’s getting cold in here already. How long do you think the power’s going to be out?

Caleb Billy Thiessen
I don’t know. But I’m going to help you, June. I’m going to make sure you’re ok.

June Westcott
Thank you. What could we do if the power doesn’t come back on?

Caleb Billy Thiessen
Dad was saying maybe we’ll install a wood-burning stove. We have one.

June Westcott
Just one?

Caleb Billy Thiessen
Yeah, but I’ll help you figure something out.

June Westcott
Thanks. I love you, Caleb!

Caleb Billy Thiessen
I love you too. I’m going to turn my phone off now. I don’t know when I’ll be able to charge it up again. 

June Westcott
Ok. When will we talk again?

Caleb Billy Thiessen
I’ll come over just after 11:00 in the morning. There’s so much to do here. That’s the earliest my dad will let me come.

June Westcott
K. See you at 11.


She exited the chat app so that Caleb would do the same. Tiger was a warm lump, under the covers, against her leg. She shuffled under the covers and stroked his soft fur. June wanted to work on her story but she knew that her battery would only last about five hours and she always did her best writing in the morning. She flicked her phone back on. She opened the web browser and tapped in ‘bombing’. A list of news article headlines filled the screen. One caught her attention.


Iran and Extremists in Russia Claim Responsibility 

A Muslim extremist group in Russia and the government of Iran have both claimed responsibility for the bombs that have plunged North America into chaos. The governor of Texas issued a statement this evening: “Those responsible for this act of terror will be brought to justice.”


June clicked her phone off and set it on her nightstand. All the justice in the world won’t change what happened. She rested her head against her pillow.

***

June’s nose was cold. She felt a heavy weight on her chest. When she opened her eyes, it was to total darkness. Her probing fingers found Tiger curled up on top of her. The power had not come back on and the temperature in the house had dropped even more. But what time was it? June shifted Tiger to the bed beside her and reached for her phone from the nightstand. After pressing it on, she waited for it to boot up. 6:02am. She sighed. Morning. June didn’t even want to get out of bed. It would be even colder out there than it was under the covers. Remembering that there was no way to charge the battery, she turned her phone back off. June leaned out of her bed and reached over to her desk. She snatched her laptop and pulled it into the bed. June wrote on her new novel for two hours. Later, she heard her mother moving in the kitchen. The time on her computer read 8:07. Tiger scrabbled out from the covers, jumped off her bed and meowed at the closed door. He mewed again.
“Okay, okay.” June threw off the covers and opened the door. Tiger streaked out of the room. She saw her mother standing near the thermostat, shining a flashlight at the display. “What’s the temperature now?”
Her mother turned to her with a worried expression. “It’s 14°C.”
“It feels colder,” said June. 
“The power might not be coming back on. We need to figure out some way to heat the house.”
“Too bad we don’t have a wood stove or something,” said June.
“Maybe we could buy one,” suggested her mother.
“Where?”
“Canadian Tire or maybe one of the building centres.”
“Don’t you think they’re closed down too, sold out of everything?”
Her mother shrugged. “I guess so. Maybe someone would be selling a wood burning stove on steinbachonline.com.”
“It’s worth checking. Caleb’s coming later. He said he’d help.”
“Okay. But, for now, we’d better get the frozen food out of the freezer and the deepfreeze and put it outside in the garage where it will stay frozen. Here.” Her mother handed her a laundry basket. “You head downstairs and start packing up the deepfreeze.”
June took the basket and hurried down the stairs. The basement was even colder, especially with the freezer open. It took them twenty minutes to carry all the frozen food into the attached garage.
After wolfing down a few cookies, June snuggled back into bed with a clipboard and paper. She started a new short story. A creepy one about the power going out. When the story was done, June got up to stretch her legs. She walked out into the hall and looked at the thermostat. 
“It’s 12C,” said June.
“What time is it?” asked her mom.
She pulled her phone from her pocket and turned it on. “It’s almost ten. Caleb’s coming over at eleven.”
“Too bad I can’t make anything for lunch.”
“We can have cookies.”
Her mother smiled. “You and your cookies.”
“He said he’s going to help us figure something out.”
“I hope he does. It will be bad if the water freezes.”
“When will that happen?”
“I don’t know. After the temperature drops below zero, I guess.”
“Hopefully, it won’t come to that.” June spent the next hour writing. 
She startled when she heard knocking on the front door. Before she could put her paper down, she heard her mother saying hello to Caleb in the hallway. June hurried out to greet him.
“Caleb!” She ran into his embrace.
“So, do you have any suggestions for us, Caleb?” asked her mother.
“No. Not yet.”
“Come sit down.” Her mother led the way to the kitchen where her laptop was glowing on the table. “I found someone who’s selling wood burning stoves.”
Caleb and June came around to where they could look at the screen. It was an ad on steinbachonline.com. 
“That’s great you found one for sale. How much is he asking?” Caleb asked.
“Four cords of wood.”
“Four cords?! That’s a lot!” said Caleb.
“How much is it?” asked June.
“It’s about…Like if we filled my father’s trailer with wood seven or eight times.”
“I haven’t found any other wood stoves for sale.”
“I guess we’ll have to do it then. Let’s go talk to the guy first. Maybe we can bring him half the wood, get the stove, install it and then bring him the rest. If we don’t get the temperature up in here, your water’s going to freeze.”
“Good idea,” said her mother. “I’ll go talk to him.”
“Maybe we should all go together,” suggested Caleb.
Her mother nodded. “That’s probably a good idea. I’d feel better having you with me.”
As they drove down the street, the snow sparkled in the sunlight. 
“Too bad all this light doesn’t make much heat,” said June from the back seat.
“But it is pretty.” Caleb smiled back at her. “I think we’ll be able to work this out.”
The car stopped in front of a small, older-style house with a large garage in the back. 
“This is it,” said her mother. They all got out and went to the door. Her mom rang the bell.
“That won’t work when the power’s out.” Caleb knocked on the door. Nothing. Caleb knocked again. “Maybe he’s working in the garage,” suggested Caleb. He led the way into the backyard.
“Hello?” called her mom. “Hello?”
An older man with sour expression and a welder’s mask in his hand stomped from the garage. “Yeah? What?”
“We’d like to buy the wood burning stove you had for sale on steinbachonline.com.”
“I bet you do. Where’s the wood?”
“I just wanted to make sure you still have the stove before we try to get so much wood.”
The old man sighed. “I’ve got three right now. You can come take a look.” He led them into the garage. There was an antique wood stove with the oven and the place for warming water. There was a more modern unit with a glass front and there was a more basic model, with nothing fancy about it. 
“Can we bring you half the wood, install the unit and then gather the rest of the wood and bring it to you after we get the heat going?” asked Caleb.
“This ain’t no charity,” grumbled the man. “Who’s your dad?” 
“Peter Thiessen. He owned a dairy farm.”
“Peter Thiessen. Oh yeah, I know him. He’s my cousin. And who’s this, then, your girlfriend?”
“Yes.”
“Fine. I’ll do that for you. Two cords and then you get the stove.”
Her mother dropped Caleb off at the East City Farm. “I’ll pick you both up after I get the truck and trailer ready and make sure it’s okay with my Dad.”
They drove home and waited for Caleb to arrive. June left her phone on just in case. When Caleb got there, he looked angry.
“What’s wrong?” asked June, slamming the door closed behind him to keep out the cold.
“Dad says I have to be back in one hour because he needs my help with the cows.”
“But that won’t be enough time?” asked her mother, pulling on her coat.
“No. Not nearly enough.”
“Let’s just see what we can do in the time we have,” said her mother.
June nodded her agreement. “Let’s go.”
At the gate leading out of the city, a Steinbach militia officer approached the truck. Caleb rolled down the window.
“I’ll need to see your driver’s licence.” Caleb handed the officer the photo card. The man looked at the licence and then at Caleb as he handed it back to him. “What is your business outside of Steinbach?” 
“We’re going to get firewood from my family’s farm.”
“Be back before dark. No one gets in after dark.”
Caleb nodded and drove away slowly.
The barricade around the city was now complete. A chain-link fence with barbed wire on the top surrounded Steinbach. On the highway leading away from the city was also a series of curbs that needed to be driven around at low speeds. June guessed that it was to prevent anyone from ramming though the gate to get into Steinbach.
Once he was past the barricades, Caleb sped down the highway at 150km/h, the trailer rattling behind them. The three of them all sat in the front seat, with June in the middle. She was grateful for the warmth of their closeness and the truck’s heater. When he pulled into the farmyard, everything looked as it had the last time June had seen it. 
“There’s some wood in the barn,” said Caleb. “At least one cord, maybe two.” He pulled the truck up near the barn doors. 
“What’s that?” asked June, pointing into the bush across the yard. Through the trees, she saw a glimpse of tan coloured fur of a large animal.
“Where?” asked Caleb. “I don’t see anything. What did it look like?”
“I’m not sure but it was bigger than a dog. Could it have been a cougar? Or maybe a lion escaped from the zoo?”
“Maybe this isn’t safe,” said her mother.
“We need the wood,” said Caleb. “It could be a cougar. They do live around here. But they are usually very shy animals so I don’t think we have anything to worry about.” He opened his door and the hinge squeaked loudly. 
“But what if it is some animal escaped from the zoo? What if it is a lion?” asked her mother.
Caleb scanned the yard. “Did it look like a lion?”
“I didn’t see anything,” her mother admitted.
“Let’s just get this wood loaded. Hurry.” He opened the back gate of the trailer. “This way.” He heaved the barn doors open and led them inside. It was dark and the air smelled musty. Caleb breathed a sigh of relief. “The wood’s still here.” He lifted a stack of wood from a large pile. June and her mother also took an armful of the logs. It took almost half an hour for them to fill the trailer. Once they were back in the cab, Caleb tore out of the yard, back to the highway. 
On the way back into Steinbach, they were stopped by two militiamen, one of whom had a gun trained on Caleb while the other checked his ID. “They’re from Steinbach,” the man confirmed. “His licence was logged.” They checked out a little less than forty minutes ago. The man with the gun lowered his weapon while the other man handed Caleb his licence back. 
They drove straight to the house where the man was selling the wood stove. Caleb went to get instructions from the man about where to put the wood. He was back in a few minutes. They were to bring the wood into shed in the backyard. In just a little more than twenty minutes, they had all the wood stacked in the man’s shed.
“Back we go,” said Caleb.
“But I thought your dad said you needed to be home in one hour?” said her mother. “It’s been more than that already.”
“But you need heat for your house now. This can’t wait.”
“Let’s stop by the school,” suggested her mother. “Maybe I can talk to your father.”
“Okay,” Caleb agreed. 
When they got to East City Farm, they all went in to see Mr. Thiessen. June was surprised how much the temperature had dropped in the school building.
“There you are, Billy. Finally. I needed your help half an hour ago already.”
June’s mom walked quickly towards Mr. Thiessen, motioning for Caleb and June to hang back a little. 
“Do you think she’ll be able to convince him to let you help us longer?”
Caleb watched June’s mother at work, motioning with her hands to his dad, but he couldn’t hear what she was saying. “I don’t know. He can be pretty stubborn and he really does need help right now…but so do you.”
Her mother returned in a moment. “Caleb, you and June go get more wood. I’m going to stay here and help.”
June looked at her, wide-eyed. “What?”
“It’s okay. I’m glad to give Caleb’s parents the help they need right now. Get the wood. Hurry. Before it’s dark.”
Caleb took June’s hand and led her down the hall and out of the school. “Your mom will be fine.”
“I know. It’s just…I never imagined her working on a farm. It’s so…different.”
Caleb walked around to the passenger side and opened the door for her. “These are different times.”
At the city gate, the militiaman checked Caleb’s driver’s licence and logged them out. The truck sped down the highway even faster this time, at 160km/h. The trailer rattled and bumped behind them noisily. 
“Is it okay to go this fast?” asked June.
“It’s 3:00. The sun sets early in winter. It’ll be dark by 5:00. We have to be back before dark and we have to get this wood.”
June clutched the armrest on the door side and closed her eyes. After he turned onto the gravel road, he went a little more slowly. But June couldn’t suppress the anxiety she felt. It seemed like something was going to go wrong. Finally, they turned in at the Thiessen Farm. 
“I hope that animal is gone - whatever it was,” said June.
Caleb pulled the truck up by the barn. The barn doors were still open. All seemed as they had left it. Except…Caleb must have seen it at the same time. 
“There’s smoke coming from the chimney,” he said. “Someone’s in the house.”
“What should we do?”
“Get the wood. Quick!” He opened the back of the trailer and they ducked into the barn. The wood was still there. They gathered armload after armload and stacked it into the truck.
“Do you think they’ve seen us?” asked June.
“I don’t know. Wish we’d have brought Shep, though. Come on, let’s get this done.”
When they had packed the rest of the wood into the trailer, it was still almost one third empty. 
“Is there any more wood?” asked June.
“Yeah.” Caleb pointed to the bush.
June glared at him. “Be serious,” she whispered. “Any more cut firewood?”
“I don’t think…wait. There might be some in the loft.”
“In the loft?” echoed June. They went inside the barn and Caleb started up the rickety wooden ladder. “You carried wood all the way up there?”
“Actually, probably not,” said Caleb. “But there might be some. I’ll just check quickly.” He stepped onto the platform high above her.
Caleb called down to her, “No. Nothing here. I’m coming down.” He started down the ladder. June heard the sound of wood splintering but, before she could resolve what was happening, Caleb landed beside her and then fell over in a gasp of pain.
“Caleb!”
“Get me to the truck,” he said, grimacing in pain. 
June tried to help him up but he was much bigger than she was. Leaning on her, Caleb hopped to the car, gasping with every lurch forward. June helped him into the passenger side and moved around to the driver’s door.
“You need to close the trailer,” Caleb called. 
June went to the back of the vehicle. She glanced up towards the house. Still no one had come out. She slammed the door closed and yanked the latch down into place. Thankfully, it wasn’t hard to figure out. Then she hurried to the driver’s side, opened the door and jumped in. She slammed the door and locked it. 
Caleb was clutching his leg in pain. “I’ve never felt anything this bad before,” he said, between clenched teeth. “It must be broken. You’ve gotta get us home.”
June nodded. She drove the truck forward, careful to avoid the big tree. Caleb tried to hold his leg still. She took them out on to the gravel road. He gasped at every bump. 
“Should I drive more slowly?” 
“No. Let’s get back to Steinbach as fast as possible.” His eyes were closed and he clutched his leg to try to keep his foot from moving.
June drove back to Steinbach at just over the speed limit. When she got to the maze of curbs that preceded the city gate, she had difficulty navigating though them with the trailer. It took her ten more minutes to finally reach the gate.
The man standing guard there took her driver’s and looked over at Caleb. “What happened to him?”
“He fell off a ladder. I think his foot might be broken.”
“Your name’s not in the log book.”
“He was driving when we left,” June explained.
“I’ll need to see his driver’s licence.”
Caleb let go of his leg, reached into his jeans pocket and pulled out his driver’s licence. He passed the card to June who gave it to the man. He scanned the logbook. 
“You’re cleared to pass. Best take the young man straight to the hospital.”
As they pulled away from the checkpoint, she turned to Caleb. “Should I take you to the hospital or should I take you home first?”
“Hospital.” He was bent over, holding his foot off the ground. 
It was only a few blocks to the hospital. June stopped at the emergency entrance. She went around to the passenger side and helped Caleb out. Leaning on her, he hopped into the hospital. June helped him up to the emergency desk. 
“Thanks.” He clung to the desk. The lady at the desk was talking to someone in front of them. “I’ll call my parents to tell them what happened. You go see that guy again, give him the wood we got and get one of his wood stoves.”
“But we didn’t get enough wood.”
“Promise him anything. Your house needs heat now. If it doesn’t get heat soon, the water will freeze and then the pipes could burst.”
“Okay.” June dashed back out to the Thiessen’s truck.
When she reached the old man’s house, she went straight into his backyard. “Hello?” she called.
The man appeared from the garage, wiping his hands on a rag. “You got more wood?”
“Yes, it’s in the trailer but I’ll need help carrying it into your yard. Caleb fell off a ladder and broke his foot.”
“Come on then,” he said gruffly, heading towards the trailer. “Let’s get this wood.” It took over half an hour to get the wood stacked neatly in the man’s shed. 
“Caleb says I need to get the wood stove now because the water’s going to freeze and burst the pipes.”
“No deal. This isn’t even half of what I asked for.”
“Will you take money instead?” asked June, in desperation. 
“You have money?” asked the man. “Now why didn’t you say so? How much do you have?”
“What’s the amount that you’d accept in place of the three cords of wood?” asked June.
He looked up into the air, considering for a moment. “Nine hundred dollars.”
“Nine hundred?!” cried June. “That’s a lot!”
“That wood would have heated my house for the whole winter. Now where am I going to get wood from? Nine hundred dollars or no deal.”
June felt tears coming to her eyes. That was almost her entire savings. If she gave him that much money, they would only have enough for two more tax payments. And her books weren’t making enough for her to pay the tax payment every month. But if she didn’t get them that stove…they might freeze to death.
“Okay. Let’s go to the bank and I’ll transfer the money. Then I need to get to the hospital to see how Caleb’s doing.”
“He was going to install the wood stove for ya, wasn’t he?” 
June nodded. She felt the tears coming again but she tried blinking them away. 
The man turned towards his house. “I’ll get you a paper with my account number on it,” he called over his shoulder. He emerged a few minutes later with a scrap of paper. “Take this. You go to the bank alone.”
“Okay.” June trembled as she took the paper from the man. Why did it seam like everything was going wrong? She turned to go.
“Wait. What’s your address? Write it here,” he handed her a scrap and a pen.
“What? Why?”
“I’ll install the woodstove for ya.”
Now June couldn’t stop the flow of tears. “Thank you! I’ll call my mom to unlock the door for you.” Not everything was going wrong after all.
The man only nodded as he took the paper from her.


Chapter 5

After June had completed the paperwork at the bank, she went back to the hospital. When she saw Caleb, she sat down beside him on his narrow hospital bed and cried in his arms as she told him what had happened. He was wearing a blue gown and had a white sheet covering his legs. A bulky cast on his left foot protruded from under the sheet.
“It’s okay, June. Everything is going to be okay now. He’ll get the house warm for your mom.”
“But you’re in the hospital! And you’re hurt.”
“Not for long. I get to go home tomorrow. I’m not hurt bad. The doctor said it’s a clean break. It will heal and be as good as new. And this is actually a good thing.”
“How’s that?” asked June, incredulous. 
“You know I don’t really like farming. I never wanted to work on the dairy farm after I was done school. Looks like I’m done school now. And looks like there won’t be any farming in my future. At least not in the next eight weeks anyway.”
“What are you going to do then? And what is your father going to do without you?”
“When I spoke to him on the phone, he said your mom’s been a really good help so far. Says she’s great with the cows. She can’t lift as much as I do but she’s not afraid of getting dirty. Dad might hire her to help out and pay her in milk.”
“That would be great. I’ve been worried about her not having enough to do…But what about you, Caleb? What are you going to do now?”
“I don’t know. I’ve been praying about it but I haven’t decided on anything yet. Secretly, I’m excited to be getting a little time off after the last couple of weeks.” He smiled coyly.
“Time off!?” she huffed. “Caleb Billy Thiessen, I don’t think so!” Then she laughed and fell into his arms again. “Having some time off would be fantastic.”
“Not for you, girl. You have to work. A writer, remember?”
“Of course.” She swatted him lightly. “You get to have all the fun.”
“Well, you could always break your foot and then you could join me here.”
“No thanks…. But it is nice here.” She looked around and suddenly realized, “The power’s on!”
“Just here,” Caleb explained. “The hospital is using a backup generator.”
“Oh.” June felt like crying again but tried not to let it show.
“At least your house will be nice and warm when you get back. Mom brought me my charger. Why don’t you plug your phone in while you’re here? Mine’s already full.”
“Good idea. Thanks.” June pulled her phone from her pocket and plugged it in. “The hospital doesn’t mind?”
“I didn’t ask.” Caleb took out his phone and looked at it. “And I don’t know when I’ll get another chance to charge it.”
“Well, they didn’t say we couldn’t.” June leaned back against him. 
“Have you seen the Operation Power Restoration vlogs?”
“No, what’s that? Sounds seriously cheesy.”
“You didn’t hear about the Operation Power Restoration?”
“No. Caleb, I’ve been busy working all this time. I don’t know what’s been going on. Just tell me.”
“Here, read this first and then we’ll watch it together.” He held up his phone.
She snatched it from him and brought the small text close to her eyes. An article on steinbachonline.com.


Teams to Restore Power to Steinbach

After a midnight meeting with the City Council, two teams left Steinbach early Tuesday morning, committed to bringing power back to the city. This initiative has been dubbed Operation Power Restoration. 

Team One will travel north along the power lines to try to determine where the break has occurred. This team consists of four Manitoba Hydro employees, their truck, six Steinbach Militia personal and an armoured van that was formerly used for transferring money. 

Team Two will travel south to a location near the border where it is believed that some large wind-turbines are stored. These wind turbines are not assembled but are reported to be complete sets. There may be some already on flatbeds ready for transport. This team consists of three experienced semi-truck drivers, six militia men, an armoured van and a semi-truck with a flatbed trailer. 

Both teams have agreed to create and upload video logs (vlogs) of their progress daily, for the citizens of Steinbach to view. See the Operation Power Restoration Vlogs here.


“I hope they can do it! We need our power back. And they’re going to upload videos documenting their progress. This sounds interesting. So there are two videos to watch?” asked June.
“Four. Each team made one video as they were leaving Steinbach and then another one just before dark today. I’ve seen them once already but let’s watch them together.”
June handed the phone back to Caleb and settled in beside him as he tapped the link to open the vlogs. He clicked on the first one.
A middle-aged man’s face, lit by the harsh white light from the camera, filled the screen. 
“This is Bob, with Operation Power Restoration Team 1, here. I worked for Manitoba Hydro but now I work for you.” A self-conscious grin passed over the man’s face. “It’s 1:30 am and we’re leaving the city of Steinbach. We will be traveling north along the main power lines, looking for the break. If we can find the break, we will attempt to repair it and then return to Steinbach.”
Then Bob panned the camera over the other men in the team and introduced them. Next, he showed their vehicles and gave some technical details about the Hydro truck. June felt her eyelids closing. It had been a long day. Her arms and back were aching from carrying all that wood. She wasn’t used to that much physical activity.
“Want to watch the next one?”
June startled. She had dozed off. “Yeah, sure.”
“Team 2 or the next one from these guys?”
“These guys, I guess.”
Caleb tapped the next link and a video expanded to fill the screen. It showed the sun setting over a winter prairie landscape. Flat snow-covered fields stretched to the horizon. 
“It’s sunset now,” said Bob’s voice from behind the camera. “We’re going to stop for the night at one of the power stations.” The angle panned to take in the high concrete walls and the towers of the power station. “We can park the vehicles inside and sleep in the building. It’s built like a fortress so we’ll be fine for the night.” He turned the camera to face him. “Progress was slow today. We had to get through two obstructions along the highway and encountered one band of looters. I got some of that on video so I’ll try to include it when I upload this.”
The video cut to a different scene when the sun was higher in the sky. The image showed the highway, with several burned-out cars blocking the road.
“What’s all this?” said a man off-screen.
“I don’t know but we’ve gotta get it moved,” said Bob from behind the camera.
“Everyone keep your eyes peeled. Could be some sort of trap. Don’t like the feel of this.”
Bob panned the camera slowly all the way around. The snowy fields sparkled in the sunlight. 
“No one in sight,” said Bob. “Should be safe to push the cars off the road.”
“You gonna help or just stand there?” asked one of the militiamen.
“I need to record this so Steinbach will know what’s going on.” 
“Fine,” the man snapped. He walked briskly towards the cars blocking their path.
Bob turned the camera to face himself and grinned into it. The camera angle readjusted back to the men who were now pushing the cars. Just as the car rolled down into the ditch, the rumble of an engine registered on the footage. Bob whipped the camera around to show a black 4x4 racing up the highway behind them. 
“Someone’s coming!” Bob shouted. “Get into the vehicles.” The view wobbled wildly, then showed the floor of one of the vehicles. “Let’s go!” yelled Bob.
“The gaps not quite wide enough,” one of the other men shouted back. 
“We’ll smash through,” said someone else. The camera view lurched again and then went black for a moment.
Bob’s face reappeared. “We got away.” He chuckled. “Obviously.” He looked up, clearly thinking about what had happened. “They chased us for a couple of kilometres. So we fired two warning shots. That’s when they stopped. Never did find out what they wanted. Maybe looking for food or our trucks or gas. Who knows? The other obstruction was a large snowdrift. Now that the highways aren’t ploughed anymore, that’ll happen sometimes, I guess. Thankfully, Stan thought to bring several snow shovels along. But it still took us a little over an hour to clear a path.”
“Bob, get in here! We want to close the gate!” a voice said from off-screen.
“Gotta go. See you tomorrow, Citizens of Steinbach.” The video cut to black and ended.
“That was a good one,” said June. “Exciting.”
“Yeah. It was cool they got away from that truck. Too bad they didn’t film the rest of the chase and the shooting.”
“You would want to see the shooting.” June smiled at Caleb and snuggled closer to him. “It’s lucky that whoever’s in your parents house didn’t come out.”
“Maybe they were as freaked out about us as we were about them. Maybe they were cold and had nowhere to go. But I’m really glad everything worked out, too. We have a lot to be thankful for.”
June hugged him tighter. “Yeah.”
“Watch the next one?” Caleb asked.
June nodded.
He tapped open the next link. 
“Operation Power Restoration, Team Two here.” They saw the image of a youngish man with a beard.
“Hey, isn’t that your cousin?”
“Yeah.” Caleb paused the video. “Bob’s actually my cousin, too. Just a more distant one on the other side.”
“Cool! Now it’s like you’re related to movie stars.” They both laughed.
“It would be more surprising if I wasn’t related to anyone on the teams. Seems like I’m related to most people in Steinbach.” He tapped play again and the video continued.
“I’m Matthew and this is my truck. The camera angle panned to show the inside of a semi-truck. “Our mission is to restore power to Steinbach. We’re headed down south to find us some wind-turbines.”
Matthew talked about the other men and then some more about his truck. June yawned.
“Best case scenario, we find trucks with wind turbines already loaded on them. Worst case is that we get there and there are no complete wind turbines at the storage facility. That’s all for now. This is Matthew, signing off.” The screen went black.
“Want to see the last one?” asked Caleb.
June’s phone buzzed from where it was charging. It buzzed again. “Oh, it’s ringing!” She unplugged it, tapped to answer and brought it to her ear.
“Hello?”
“Hi, June. This is Mom.”
“Hi, Mom.”
“Is everything okay? Where are you?”
“I’m at the hospital with Caleb. Everything’s okay now. Did the guy install the wood stove?”
“Yes. It’s installed and burning cheerily. The house is nice and toasty. He left us a pile of wood too. I’ll show you how to put wood in when you get back. The man said you were going to pay him $900.”
“Yes.”
“Can we afford it?”
“We had to. I still have enough for the next two months’ tax payments. We’ll just have to pray that my books start selling more.”
“Okay. Good. I’m so proud of you, June, and so relieved that you’re all right.”
“Thanks, Mom.”
“June, I’d feel better if you stayed there for the night. It’s so late out. I don’t want you coming home in the dark.”
“Okay. I’ll find somewhere to sleep here.”
“I love you, June.”
“I love you too, Mom.” June tapped the phone off. “Mom wants me to stay here for the night.”
“There’s an extra cot over there. I’m sure no one would mind.”
June checked the charge on her phone. Full power. No need to plug it back in. She shoved it into her pocket. “Let’s watch the last video.”
Caleb tapped open the link on his phone and they watched together. 
The image showed a snowy field bathed by the golden orb of the sun, just partway above the edge of the horizon.
“As you can see, it’s just sun-up.” The scene shifted to show the road. There was a pile of snow on the highway, chest height, formed and sculpted by the wind. “This is the fourth major snowdrift that we’ve had to clear. At this point, we’re really wishing we had brought a snowplough. Progress has been slow. That’s all for now.” 
The scene changed. It was so dark June couldn’t even be sure what she was looking at. “So we’re here,” Matthew was whispering. There was a loud bang and June flinched.
“What was that?” June asked Caleb, trying to make sense of the shades of black on the screen.
“They’re shooting at us.” Matthew’s voice sounded through the speakers. “We’re shooting back now. We tried shouting that we just wanted to talk and were willing to negotiate but it looks like they want a shoot-off instead.” 
“Aww…If this was a movie, these camera guys would get fired. We want to see the action!” said Caleb.
Another loud bang came from the phone and then a volley of shots rang out. There was a long silence.
“Maybe that’ll be it then.” There was distant sound of an engine starting. Then it roared away into the distance. 
“I think we ran them off,” said another man’s voice.
The video cut again and, this time, they saw the inside of a building, lit by the powerful beams of flashlights. First a larger open area was visible and then a smaller store room with parts.
“It’s 9:30 pm. We searched the area for two hours. Whoever they were, they’re gone now. The storage facility and yard is clear. We’ve secured the front gate and now we’re taking an inventory of what’s here. Looks like we didn’t strike it lucky after all. No loaded trucks. Now we’re going to look around see if everything’s here to make a complete wind turbine.”
The video cut again. This time it was focused on Matthew, illuminated in the beam of a flashlight. He looked tired.
“It’s 10:00. Looks like there’s enough here to make two wind turbines. The parts are real big though. I figure it’ll take at least seven trips if we use only my truck. Tomorrow morning, we’re going to load my truck. Hopefully we can leave for Steinbach by late morning or early afternoon. We’re going to have four guys stay here to guard the place. Then, hopefully, we can come back with more trucks so we can get these turbine parts back to town quicker.” He paused and grinned. “We’re just glad we didn’t meet any of those zombies like we saw on the reports from the States.” 
There was a laugh and a voice from off-screen. “Yeah. Matthew’s been scared of that the whole way here.”
Matthew shook his head and made a grab for someone beyond the view of the camera. Then he laughed. “Anyways, if you could have five more trucks ready for us, that would be great. Hoping to see you tomorrow. Goodnight, citizens of Steinbach.”
“That’s good news,” said June. Sleep pulled at her eyelids.
“We should get some rest,” said Caleb.
“Right.” June struggled to her feet and wandered over to the cot on the other side of the room. This one had no blankets but the hospital was warm enough. June used her winter parka to cover herself.
“Goodnight, Caleb.”
“Goodnight.” He dimmed the lights, using the control by his bed.

***

The lights flicked on. June pulled herself from a deep sleep. 
“Here’s your breakfast tray.” A nurse arranged Caleb’s bedside table and then placed a covered tray on top. Caleb smiled at June as the nurse hustled out.
“Have you been up long?” she asked him.
“For a while. They just posted the next video. Want to share my food and watch?”
June noticed the light streaming in the windows. The clock in the room read 9:00. “Wow. I slept late.”
“We were up late, and yesterday was a crazy day.”
“Sure. Let’s watch.” June went to sit beside Caleb on his cot.
“Let’s see what we have to eat first.” Caleb lifted the lid. There were scrambled eggs, two pieces of bacon, one slice of brown toast, weak coffee, apple juice and a small carton of milk.
“I better leave most of that for you. I can eat when I get home.”
“I know you must be hungry. At least have one of the slices of bacon and the apple juice.”
“Okay.” She gratefully accepted his offer.
“I wanted to see what they posted but I waited until you were up.” Caleb grinned and pulled his phone from his pocket. 
The scene showed the yard outside the power station, focusing on the Hydro truck.
“This is Operation Power Restoration - Team One, reporting. I know you all weren’t expecting to hear from us until later today but we thought we ought to let you know right away. All our gasoline was syphoned last night while we were sleeping in the power station. We’re not going anywhere in our trucks right now. Our choices are to continue this trip walking, try to get gas somewhere or wait here for someone from Steinbach to bring us gas. If we leave, we run a high risk of being attacked, and I don’t think we could fix the break in the power line without the truck, even if we packed some of our smaller gear and carried it with us. So it makes sense to sit tight and wait for the powers-that-be in Steinbach to send us a gas truck. Pray for us.” The screen went black.
“That’s a bit of a set-back,” said Caleb. “I’m so glad that your house is being heated now.”
“Yeah, me too. Thanks for all your help, Caleb.”
“You’re welcome.” Caleb dug into the food. June ate her bacon slowly, savouring the salty flavour. 
“I guess I should go now.” June stood and tossed the apple juice container in the garbage. “I’ll take the truck back to your dad and then walk home from East City Farm.”
“Okay. I love you, June.” Light from the window reflected in his brown eyes. June felt as though she could look at him forever.
“I love you too.”
As June hurried from the hospital, she recounted her blessings: the wood-burning stove, her mom’s new job, her book sales and Caleb. Best of all - Caleb. As she pushed open the door to the parking lot and quickly zipped her parka against the bitterly cold wind, there was warmth in her heart. She could still be happy. They were safe. She and Caleb could make a life here in Steinbach.
At the city farm, she found her mother already hard at work in the yard with the cows. June approached the fence.
“Hi, Mom.”
“Oh, Honey, there you are.” Her mother walked towards her. “I’m so happy about the stove. It works just great. The house is nice and toasty warm now. I’ll come home at lunch to show you how it works.”
“Okay. And congrats on your new job.”
Her mother’s smile widened. “It’s probably only temporary, until Caleb’s foot heals. You’re surprised, aren’t you?”
“I sure am.”
“Well, it’ll put food on the table and…it’s not as bad as I thought it would be.”
“I’m glad. I’ll see you later at home then.”
“Okay. Bye!” She seemed happy.
After June had returned the car keys to Mrs. Thiessen, she hurried down the snowy sidewalk towards home. She needed to be getting back to work herself. Her mother was counting on her. And Caleb believed in her. June couldn’t let them down.
When she got home, she worked on editing the short story she had written the previous day. At lunch, her mother came home and they ate snack food together. Then she showed June how to open the stove and put more wood in.
Later that day, after her mother had gone back to work, June lay on the couch in the living room, basking in the warmth of the wood-burning stove. She had her laptop in front of her and she was thinking about a new story. A thud on her back startled her. Stupid cat! He had jumped down on her from the back of the couch. She grabbed Tiger and pulled him in beside her. June stroked his fur as she thought about her story. The cat started purring. June smiled as she thought of what her heroine would do next. 
A loud knocking on the front door shattered the moment. Tiger sprang up and slinked away into June’s bedroom. Who could that be? Her mother wasn’t due back yet and Caleb wouldn’t be coming over so soon, would he? June was glad the blinds were down over the front window and that the gate to the backyard was locked.
June slipped off the couch and tiptoed to the front door. The knocking came again. Then she heard the click, click of someone trying the handle. Soundlessly, she dared to look through the peephole. The man looked at the window and then up and down the street. Then he turned away and walked south along the snowy sidewalk. Did he live somewhere nearby? What did he want? Was it the same guy as before? June didn’t know. 
Fear pounded in her heart. What should she do? She sent a panicked prayer skyward. Phone. Right, she should call someone! June pulled her phone from her pocket. She tried calling her mom. No answer. Likely her mother’s phone battery was dead by now. She tried calling Caleb. A small tick sounded, indicating that someone had picked up.
“Hello?” Caleb’s voice.
“Caleb!” She didn’t like the way panic rang in her voice.
“June, what is it?”
“It’s probably nothing but there was a guy knocking on the door and…” June proceeded to tell him the whole story. She felt like crying. She fake-coughed instead. “It just…freaked me out so…I thought I should tell someone.”
“I’m glad you called. That was the right thing to do. My mom’s just picking me up from the hospital, I’ll ask her to drop me off at your place. Maybe I should stay with you during the day while your mom’s at work. I don’t think it’s a great idea, your being at home alone all day.”
“I’m beginning to think it’s really not a great idea either, being alone. I would love it if you came over, Caleb.”
“Okay. If I’m not able to come, I’ll call you back.”
“Okay. Wait, Caleb - but I’ll have to write, though. We can’t just talk and stuff.”
“I get it. I’ll let you work. Maybe I’ll read a book or something. You have books?”
“Yeah. Lots of books.”
“You know what’s funny?”
“What?” asked June.
“I was going to say I’ll just work on homework or something. Weird, eh? How everything has changed?”
“Yeah. It’s weird. But I’ll feel a lot better having you here.”
“I get to use crutches. That’ll be fun on the ice… My mom’s ready now. I’d better let you go. We have to leave.”
“Okay, see you soon.”
“See you soon, June.” He chuckled at the rhyme as he hung up. She chuckled too. It was good to have a reason to laugh.
She looked into her room. Tiger was curled up on the bed. He was such a bad influence. June went and lay down with him, draped an arm across his furry body and listened to his quiet thrumming.


Chapter 6

A knock sounded on the front door and June practically leapt out of bed. She felt her heart thumping in her throat as she rubbed sleep from her eyes. Was that man back again? Tiger glared at her from the bed, as though he were wondering what her problem was. 
“June? June?” It was Caleb’s voice! June ran to the door, unlocked it and pulled it open. He stood on the snowy doorstep, supported by crutches, injured leg bent at the knee to hold his broken foot back behind him. She hugged him carefully, to avoid knocking him over. “What took you so long to answer the door?” 
June moved out of the way to let him manoeuvre into the house. “I fell asleep.” June locked the door behind him. 
“They posted another vlog but I waited so that we could watch it together.” He grinned like a kid with money in a candy shop.
“Okay. Let’s watch it. I hope it’s good news. Let me grab some snacks first. I’m starving. I think I missed lunch.” June moved to the kitchen cupboards while Caleb took a seat on the couch. “Want cookies or chips?”
“Chips,” said Caleb. “I haven’t had junk food in a while.”
June pulled out a bag of ripple chips and went to sit beside Caleb. The bag opened with a hiss and the smell of grease and salt wafted out.
“Mmm…” Caleb grabbed a handful of chips and wolfed them down. Then he pulled his phone from his pocket. He glanced at it. “Fully charged”
“Lucky you. I sure hope they get the power back up soon. My laptop battery’s almost dead.”
He tapped open his web browser and tapped the link for the vlog. The video opened to a scene showing what looked like the west gate into the city of Steinbach. 
“We made it!” Matthew’s face came into view on the screen. “We’ve just arrived back in Steinbach with the prop or I guess you’d call it the blades of the turbine. They are big - very big. Took some serious wrangling to get them onto the truck this morning. The camera angle changed; June thought he must have been holding it out the window to try to capture the back of the truck. There, secured on the flatbed, were two enormous metal objects. They were so long they hung far off the back of the truck.
“Wow,” exclaimed Caleb. “That is big!” 
The camera panned back to Matt’s face. “Well, that’s it for the update, folks. Hoping to be back on the road with more trucks soon. We’ve got to get the rest of it.” The screen went black.
“Good news. How long ago was that posted?”
“About two hours ago.”
“I hope he’s already on his way back south.”
“Could be. He’s going to post again at the end of the day.”
“I wonder how long it will take to get the turbine up?”
“I don’t know but I bet it’s not that easy. It will probably take awhile.”
It felt so nice to be snuggled up with him on the couch. June wished he wasn’t still crunching on chips.
“So, what do you want for your birthday?” she asked him.
He paused, mid-crunch, and looked at her for a moment. “Wow! You’re right! It’s almost my birthday! I hadn’t even thought of it. I’m going to be 18!”
“Yep, in just a week and a half.”
“I really don’t know. Surprise me…and, hey wait…it’s going to be your birthday too, right? Our birthdays are only a week apart?”
“Five days.”
“We should have a party or something! We’re both turning 18! What do you want for your birthday?”
“Everything’s been so chaotic. I think I’d just like some peace.”
“It’s funny…Back when things were normal, I sometimes imagined what would happen if, when we turned 18, we ran away together and got married. But now…”
Just then, they heard the sound of a key being turned in the lock. June stood and approached the door. Caleb scrabbled for his crutches. The door flew open.
“Mom!” said June, relieved.
Her mother came into the house and then closed and locked the door. “I heard that man was back again. I’m so glad you’re okay, Junie.” She hung her keys on the key hook and they hugged. “The Thiessen’s have agreed that Caleb can stay here for the night. I’ll feel better knowing he’s here with you tomorrow. Plus they didn’t want to use fuel transferring him back and forth.” Then, looking at Caleb, she added, “You wouldn’t be able to get very far on crutches in this weather. You can stay in the spare bedroom tonight.”
June turned to look at Caleb. He was smiling. “Guess I’ll be staying for supper.”
“Mom, what are we going to do about the toilet?”
“Follow what my parents used to tell us kids.”
“What’s that?” asked June.
“If it’s brown, flush it down. If it’s yellow, let it mellow.”
“Ewww…sick! They really said that?”
“Of course. Saves money that way, you know.”
“Yuck…but even so. There’s something brown in the toilet now but it doesn’t flush anymore.” June walked into the bathroom and demonstrated, pushing the handle down.
“Hmm…I’m not sure.”
“If we had water, we could pour some into the bowl and that would cause the toilet to flush. One year at camp, when the power was out, we had to carry water from the lake to the bathrooms every time we went,” offered June.
“But we don’t have any extra water. All the water bottles have to be used for drinking now.”
“Wait…what about snow?” said June. “There are piles of it just sitting outside the front door.”
“Right. We can leave some pails of snow near the woodstove. When the snow melts, we can pour that water into the toilet tank. Then we’ll be able to flush the toilet,” said Caleb.
“I’m going to take a shower,” said her mother. “June, you and Caleb decide what we’re going to eat. Remember, we can’t use the oven but we can heat water on the wood-burning stove.”
“No shower either,” said June. 
“Aww…right. That’s too bad. I’ll just have a short nap then.” Her mother disappeared into her bedroom.
“Hmm…I don’t know. For supper, I’m thinking cookies,” said June.
Caleb laughed. “Let’s see what else you’ve got.” They spent the next few minutes rooting through the cupboards. “It’s great you guys have a spare bedroom. It’ll be awesome to sleep on a real bed again. At the school, I’ve just been sleeping on an air mattress up until now. I guess you guys have a spare bedroom because you’re an only child. Why did your parents stop after only one? Growing up, I used to think I came from a small family with only two kids.”
“Two sounds nice.” Her parents had always fought. And her mother said that it had gotten worse after she had been born. Seemed like her father never liked her. And he never wanted more. “My father only wanted one, I guess.”
“Oh.” Caleb saw the look on her face and pulled her into an embrace.” He held her for a long time. “I love you, June,” he whispered.
A tear slipped down her cheek and she buried her face in his chest. She didn’t even know why she was crying. Was it because her father never wanted her or because he was probably dead? 
She gave Caleb one last squeeze and then let him go. “Let’s get this food figured out and on the table before Mom gets up.”

***

That night, June kept her bedroom door open and fell asleep, warm and with a fully belly, knowing that Caleb was just in the next room. She had a lot to be thankful for. 
The next morning, rustling in the kitchen woke her. She saw her mom grabbing a quick snack. Seeing that June was awake, she walked over and leaned into the bedroom. 
“I’m just off to work,” her mother whispered. “It’s early yet, so you can keep sleeping a while longer.” Then she was gone. June heard the slam of the front door and then the click of the deadbolt. 
When she opened her eyes next, Caleb was grinning at her from the doorway. “Finally! Aren’t you ever going to get up?”
Sleepily, she propped herself up on her elbows. “What time is it?”
“Almost 10:00.”
“Oh, wow, I did sleep in. I’m getting up.”
“I was wishing we could take a walk together. But I can’t go anywhere on these crutches until the snow and ice melts.” Caleb walked to the front hall and opened the blinds a little so he could see out. June followed him. Caleb looked back at her.
“Are you still in your pyjamas?” 
“I just sleep in yoga pants and a sweat shirt so, really, it’s like I’m already dressed. It’s not like I can have a shower anyway, so why bother dressing up?”
“I guess…Hey, is that the guy who was ringing your doorbell before?”
June furtively looked out the window. “I don’t know.” The man was walking up the driveway towards the house. June pulled Caleb’s hand away so the blind would fall closed. “He’s coming.”
“I saw that. He looks official. He must work for the city or something.” There was a knock on the front door. “Should I open it?”
“I guess so.” June stood behind Caleb as he opened the door. 
“Hello. I’m Jeff Penner. I work for the city. We have activated remote load- limiting for all houses and businesses in Steinbach. We’re not sure when the power will be back online but, when that does happen, there won’t be as much electricity available as there used to be. Each house will get enough to run the furnace and a few lights but not much else. If you go over your limit of 15 amps, the meter will kick out. You’ll lose all electricity. To reset the device, wait five minutes and then go outside to the meter on the side of your house. Press the black button on the bottom. Press the button upwards. Do you want me to show you? Or…is your mom home?”
“She’s at work.” June suddenly felt uncomfortable wearing her sleeping cloths. Especially because he was looking at her like she was a little kid. “Uhh…I guess you should show me so we’ll know how to reset it.” 
“This way.”
“Just a sec.” June shoved on her boots.
“I guess I’ll stay here?” Caleb asked helplessly, gesturing to his cast.
“I’m sure it will be fine.” June followed the man into her backyard. He stopped at the round meter attached to a grey metal box on the side of her house.
“So this is the meter and this button right here, on the bottom, is the reset. Just push it up like this.”
“Okay. Thanks.”
“Right. So, just letting you know. Have a nice day.”
June hurried back inside. It was freezing outside without a jacket! Caleb shut the door behind her. June moved the blind and watched the man walk to the neighbour’s house and ring the doorbell there.
“So… that seemed legit,” said Caleb.
“Yeah. That’s great! It means setting up those wind turbines must be going well.”
“I hope there will be enough electricity to charge up my phone. It’s almost out of juice.”
“I’m sure there will be. Just charge the phone when the furnace isn’t running.”
The day passed quickly. Caleb was good company. He read the Bible and then one of her novels. He was quiet and encouraged her to work. June had to resort to continuing her writing projects on paper. Composing was the difficult part. It was annoying that she would have to type them up later but at least she could type quickly.
Her mom came home just before dark. “I need a bath.”
“The power’s still out,” said June.
“I need a bath.” Her mom opened the front door and looked outside. “Lots of fresh white snow out there. June, get me some pails.”
June went and grabbed a stack of ice-cream pails from one of the cupboards in the kitchen. She brought them to her mother, who went out and scooped up some snow. 
“Put these by the woodstove,” she said. “Guess I’ll have to wait for it to melt, but I just have to get clean.”
Caleb got out metal pots and glass casserole dishes and put some of the snow into those. Then he put the pots on the wood-burning stove. “It’ll melt faster this way and you’ll have warm water.”
While her mother was having her bath, Caleb and June sat together on the couch. June had lit a candle because darkness had already fallen over the landscape outside. 
“I think I have enough battery life left to watch the vlogs from today.”
“Great! I’m really excited to see what’s been happening with the wind turbines.”
“Okay, but first let’s look at this one from Team 1.” Caleb tapped the link.
The video filled the screen. The scene showed a barren, two-lane highway; snow filled the ditches on both sides. The sun was low in the sky but not yet setting. At first, there was no sound on the video.
“It must have been late afternoon, when they filmed that,” said June.
The scene shifted to show a man’s face. But it wasn’t Bob. It was one of the militiamen. 
“The others are all dead. We didn’t find the break in the line. We were attacked, driven off the road. It happened late this morning, just before noon. We fought back. But, one by one, the others were hit. When I was the only one left still shooting, I hid in a culvert. They pulled the Hydro truck and the armoured van out of the ditch and took them. They left the bodies behind. No one was moving. There was nothing I could do for them. When everything was quiet, I came out. Now I’m walking back to Steinbach, if I can. My name’s Nathan, by the way. We’re not getting electricity. Not this way, anyway. My advice? Stay in Steinbach.” The picture jiggled as he fumbled with the camera and then the screen went black.
June leaned her head on Caleb’s shoulder and closed her eyes for a moment. “We’re not getting power and…Bob and the rest…they’re all dead. I’m scared, Caleb.”
He moved his phone to his other hand and put his arm around her. “It is discouraging. But we’re safe and warm. Jesus is taking care of us. And it looks like we’ll get a wind-turbine, at least.”
“But Bob and the others…they’re all dead.”
“I know Bob. He went to my old church. He’s a Christian. So you don’t have to feel bad for his sake. I mean, he went straight to heaven, where they’ll be no more fear or suffering. So, in a way, Bob got out easy. Not a bad way to go either, really. He was on an adventure and I’m sure he didn’t suffer long. It must have happened quick.”
“Yeah, I guess…But what if the people that attacked them come here?”
“We’ll be ready for them. You know we have a barricade around the whole city and checkpoints at each of the four gates. More people are signing up for the militia all the time. Actually…I was considering signing up myself.”
“You? Join the militia? Why?”
“You know I never really wanted to do farming. And they hire pretty much everyone who applies. If you’re part of the militia, they give you three meals a day while you’re on shift and some kind of wage. I’m not exactly sure what but I think it’s pretty good for the times we’re living in.”
“Do you think they’d hire you with a broken foot?”
“I don’t know. But I’m a pretty good shot. My dad and I used to do target practice and also go hunting together. And I don’t have to be able to walk to sit up in one of those towers and watch for the bad guys.”
“Well, maybe you should then. You did seem kinda bored yesterday.”
“I guess I should wait until I get my walking cast. That should happen in a couple of weeks.”
“That makes sense,” said June. “Should we watch the vlog from Team 2?”
“Right. I totally forgot.” He pulled his phone from his pocket again. But when he clicked the button, nothing happened. “Aww…that’s it. Battery’s dead.”
Just then, her mother came out of the bathroom and announced, “Caleb’s going to live here.”
“What?” asked Caleb and June at the same time.
“I just don’t feel comfortable with June staying here alone all day while I’m at work. So I asked his parents if he would be able to live here for the time being. They agreed. I brought a bag of his clothes. It’s in the front hall.”
June looked at Caleb and smiled. They had oatmeal for supper, cooked on the wood-burning stove. Her mother had brought home a small amount of milk in a plastic jug, which they used in their oatmeal. Thankfully, they had sugar in the cupboard. June didn’t like oatmeal at the best of times and she couldn’t imagine eating it plain, even if was the end of the world.
Later that evening, Caleb took a bath, too, using the same process to get warm water. He tied a plastic bag around his cast but he also had to keep it out of the tub. The doctor had said it was very important that the cast stay dry. June and her mother sat on the couch. They were talking about the video June had watched.
“It’s just so depressing, Mom.”
Her mother hugged her. “We just have to keep praying. God is sovereign, like our pastor said.”
“I hate that He allowed all of this to happen. Why did He?” June pulled away from her mother.
“I don’t know. All I know is that Jesus really is the answer. We don’t have to know why. We just have to know Jesus. Knowing why…that probably wouldn’t help us anyway. But knowing Jesus…That really has brought me peace and comfort.”
“Yeah. Me too. It’s just…hard when you can only see one step a head of you and the rest of life’s journey seems to lie in darkness.”
“It’s hard but I’m trying to do what our pastor said – just keep pressing into God.”
June nodded slowly. “I know Jesus is the answer. I just…I guess it’s hard to trust sometimes.” 
“Yeah, I feel that way, too.”
“Thanks for talking about this with me, Mom.”
“Sure.” Her mother smiled. Then she looked down and fidgeted with her hands. “June…I have something else to talk to you about.”
“What?”
Her mother looked up and their eyes locked. “So I’m just going to come right out and say it.” But then her mother just looked at her.
“Okay…what?”
“Don’t have sex with Caleb.”
“What?!”
“I know how tempting it can be; trust me, I know. And you’ll be here alone all day, every day, unsupervised. But you’re not married so you shouldn’t have sex with him… right?”
“Of course not!”
“I thought about talking to you about condoms and telling you that, if you couldn’t wait, you should use one and anyway…here.” She pulled out several small boxes from behind her back. “Anyway, these are for after you’re married. Seeing as I won’t be needing them and it looks like they won’t be easy to get anymore, I thought I’d give them to you. And if you felt you couldn’t wait, then…”
“Mom!” June couldn’t believe what she was hearing. She didn’t touch the boxes. “You and Dad waited until you got married, didn’t you?”
“You’re father wasn’t a Christian.”
“But you were!”
Her mother shrugged, helplessly. “I just thought I should talk to you about it. Don’t be mad, Junie.”
June shook her head. “Unbelievable…Mom, I am waiting until I get married! You can just wrap those up and give them as a wedding gift.”
“Have you and Caleb talked about it?”
“We haven’t even kissed!” June crossed her arms and glared at her mother.
“Oh.” Her mother laughed. “I’m sorry. Maybe I was worried about nothing…Does he like girls? He is dating you, right? Or is it more of a ‘just friends’ thing?”
“Of course Caleb’s dating me!” June stood up, ready to storm away when the bathroom door opened. 
Her mother tucked the boxes behind the pillow on the couch.
Caleb smiled and hobbled into the living room on his crutches, still drying his hair with a towel. “What were you guys yelling about? I thought I heard my name.”
“Oh, Mom was just wondering if you like girls. Along with giving me a few other helpful suggestions.” June glared at her mother.
Her mother laughed and fluttered her hand like she could wave it all way. “I’m tired. It’s been a long day.” She pulled the boxes from behind the pillow, with one hand and stood, patting June on the shoulder with the other. “Good night.” 
June said nothing. She met Caleb’s stare. His brown eyes were filled with concern.
“Maybe you shouldn’t be so hard on your mom. She acted like she was just tired but she was probably upset.”
“You’re taking her side? You didn’t hear what she said to me!”
“June, please don’t yell at me.”
“I’m going to bed too.” She went into her room and closed the door. She’d have to open it later so she didn’t get too cold but she didn’t want to see Caleb right now. Why hadn’t they kissed? They weren’t just friends but…maybe he didn’t like her as much as she liked him. 
She cried into her pillow until it was damp. June made sure to keep quiet so no one would hear her. She wanted to be alone. Talking with people was what had made her miserable. Maybe it wasn’t so great that Caleb was moving in, after all.
Her nose was cold. June awoke to see sunlight filtering in through her closed blinds. It was morning. Her door was still closed so the temperature in her bedroom had dropped drastically. At least, she couldn’t see her breath. She got out of bed, still dressed in yesterday’s clothing. Whatever. It wasn’t like they could wash clothes at the moment anyway. 
She walked out of her room to find Caleb sitting on the couch, looking sombre. “Have you been sitting there all night?” 
“No. But I wish you hadn’t gone away mad last night. I could hardly sleep. I don’t want to fight with you. I love you.”
“I’m sorry, Caleb.” She flumped down beside him on the couch and rested her head on his shoulder. “I love you too.”
He put his arm around her and hugged her. “Of course I like girls. You in particular.” She leaned away and found him grinning at her. “I love you, June Westcott…and I like you too.”


Chapter 7

Later that day, after lunch, they sat chatting at the kitchen table.
“How’s the writing coming along?” Caleb asked.
“It’s going okay. I could sure use a longer break, though. Kinda miss having a real life. Feels like we’ve been stuck in this house for years.”
“Wanna have an adventure?” asked Caleb, a mischievous glint in his eye.
“Like what?”
“I was contemplating what we talked about the other day so I checked in your garage and you have quite a nice toboggan with a rope attached to it for pulling.”
“You can’t want to go tobogganing. You can’t even walk. What we talked about?”
“This is horribly boring, June. What I really want to do is to sign on with the militia. I’ve been thinking about it all morning.”
“But you can’t walk and I think our car’s basically out of gas.”
“Just look outside, June. What do you see?”
June looked out the kitchen window into the backyard. “Snow?”
“Right. A beautiful fresh layer of snow.”
“So?”
“How would you like to take me on a toboggan ride and pull me to the arena?”
“Whoa, Caleb. That’s pretty far to walk, it’s cold out and…I’d have to pull you all the way there?! That would be quite the sight. Me pulling a full-grown man on a sled.”
“I don’t think I’d be too heavy for you.” He smiled. “Aww…come on, even if we don’t make it all the way there, I just can’t stand being trapped in here any longer.”
She looked into his soft, pleading eyes. Aww…he’s just too cute. “Okay.” She smiled. “I do need a break from writing anyway. Let’s do it.”
It was funny pulling Caleb along on the large plastic toboggan. June had attempted the sidewalk but it was basically just one continuous snowdrift so she had opted for the road instead. Caleb was grinning like a little kid. She wondered what people would think of her pulling him. Surely they would see his foot covered in the bag and the crutches he held beside him. They would realize he was injured. Or maybe no one would see them. There were no cars on the road and she didn’t see anyone walking either. 
Then she glanced over at one house and saw the blind flicker. No doubt people were looking out their windows. She looked back at Caleb and smiled. It was fun getting outside, though. Let them think what they wanted. She and Caleb were having an adventure!
When they got to the arena, she pulled him up to the door. Caleb scooped up his crutches, shimmied to the edge of the sled and shakily started to stand up on his good foot.
“Do you need help?” asked June.
“Nah, I’m okay.” He stood, pulled his crutches into place and surveyed the situation. “Hey, look at that!”
June turned to see what he was looking at. In the vacant lot beside the arena and out onto the street lay three huge, long blades for a wind turbine. “Wow! There they are!”
“Do you think they’ll put it up here?” asked Caleb.
“No, probably not. I think they’ll put it up near a power station or at least in a more windy spot.”
“Yeah, just storing them here, I guess. Let’s go in.”
June held the door and Caleb hopped in on his crutches. There was a large wooden desk near the entranceway where a happy-looking, plump woman was sitting. Sunlight poured in through the many windows, lighting the area naturally. It was still weird having the power being off everywhere.
“What can I help you with today?” she asked with a smile.
“I’d like to work for the militia,” said Caleb. “The woman pulled some papers from a pile on her desk and clipped them into a clipboard. “Please fill these out. You can have a seat in the chairs over there.” She motioned to some black leather chairs along one wall. The place was a strange mix - part arena vestibule and part fancy office. 
June smiled, took the board from the lady and followed Caleb to the chairs. Once he was settled, she handed him the clipboard and sat down beside him. June noticed that the woman was still looking at her.
“And what about you, Dear? Would you like a job, too?”
“Oh, no. I’m just here with him.” June gestured towards Caleb who was already bent over the form, filling it in.
“These are hard times, Dear. Everyone needs to eat and pay the property tax. The government of Steinbach is allowing almost everyone who applies to join the militia. Even I got a job here.” The woman’s smile broadened. “You’re a strong and able-bodied person. Working’s good for you…and I wouldn’t want to see you go hungry needlessly.”
“The government of Steinbach?” June echoed.
“Yes. The mayor, City Council, our MLA and our MP.”
“Really? And they’re calling themselves the government of Steinbach now?”
“Our elected officials have done a very good job keeping the city safe. Brandon, Dauphin and even just outside Steinbach, in the country… I wouldn’t want to live there. In most places, it’s total anarchy.”
“I see.” June guessed it did make sense. And they did seem to be making good decisions so far. The barricade was keeping them safe.
“Want to fill out a form for a job too, then?” asked the woman, holding out a clipboard.
“No, thank you.” She tried to smile politely. The woman was only trying to be helpful. “I already have a job,” she explained.
Once Caleb had filled out the form, June brought it back to the lady at the desk. The woman took it.
“Thank you. Now you two wait right here. I’ll be back in a few minutes to let you know if we have a opening for you.”
June went to sit down beside Caleb. “They’re going to let you know right away,” said June. “I thought you’d have to wait a few days to find out.”
“I guess it’s not like they can call you to let you know anymore - with the power down.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
A moment later, the woman came back out. “One of our supervisors will be with you in a few minutes,” she said, before returning to her paperwork. 
A man came out from behind a partition. “Hello, I’m Gordon Friesen.” He held out his hand to Caleb.
Caleb stood on one foot and shook the man’s hand. “I’m Caleb. Good to meet you.” One of his crutch’s clattered to the ground. June picked it up and handed it to him.
“So, you have experience with a rifle?”
“Yes, Sir. Lots of experience. I’m a very good shot. But I broke my foot so I’d need a ride to work each day.”
 “If you’re as good as you think you are, we can make that happen. Come on. It’s time for some target practice.” The supervisor glanced down at June. “You can wait here.”
The men disappeared through a doorway. June thought about the story she was writing while she waited. She flinched when she heard a gunshot. 
The woman noticed her reaction. “Don’t worry, Dear. They’re just practicing. I get to hear that all day long.” She smiled and then looked back to the papers on her desk.
June figured about half an hour had passed by the time Caleb reappeared. There was a huge grin on his face.
“I got the job!” Caleb shouted.
“Oh, Caleb! That’s wonderful!” June stood and hugged him, being careful not to knock him off his crutches.
“It’s a really great job. I’ll be on duty at the watchtower beside the south city gate. It’s not too far from your place. I’m working eight hour shifts - night shifts - but I might be able to switch to days later on.”
“That’s great!”
“It’s so great, June! A main part of the job is keeping an eye out for deer or other large animals. All sorts of animals have wandered by. Hogs, cows and even a zebra! Guess it got out of the zoo. Crazy right? Anyway, that’s how they’re able to feed the militia. It’s through the game they bring in. And whoever takes the animal down gets to have some of the meat to take home, too!”
“You’re excited about this job. I’m happy for you, Caleb.”
“Yeah. I always loved hunting with my dad so this is awesome! This is even better than I thought it would be!”
“Do you get paid money too?”
“Yes, fifty dollars a month.”
“Fifty? That’s not very much.”
“But I get to eat as much as I want. And there are opportunities for promotions. Team leaders and supervisors get paid more. I’m just so excited about this, June. I was not looking forward to sitting around doing nothing for six weeks or more. One of my co-workers will be coming to pick me up from your house every night. I work from twelve to eight a.m. each day.”
“I’m glad everything worked out for you, Caleb. We’d better hustle home now before it gets dark.”
The journey home seemed longer than the trip there. June’s arms and back ached from pulling the sled. When they finally arrived at her house, the sun was low on the horizon. 
“I wonder if we’ve beat Mom home? If not, she’ll be worried.” June unlocked the door and they went inside. But her mother hadn’t arrived yet. 
“Let’s eat something better than cookies or oatmeal tonight,” suggested Caleb.
“Like what?”
“How about steak? I saw some in your garage.”
“How would we cook steak?” 
“On the barbeque. I saw that you have some charcoal for it on the deck. I think your mom would love it.”
“Okay, let’s go for it.”
“You get the steaks. I’ll get the barbeque warmed up.” Caleb grabbed a lighter from a drawer and crutched over to the patio doors.
June went into the freezing garage and rifled though a laundry basket full of frozen food, looking for the meat. She grabbed several plastic wrapped Styrofoam trays, hurried back inside and slammed the door, shutting out the cold. She handed the meat to Caleb, who was just coming back inside. 
“Barbecue’s warming up,” he said. Caleb put the meat down on the counter as he pulled on his toque and jacket. “I’ll definitely need these while I’m standing out there, cooking the steak. So cold!”
They heard the sound of the front door being unlocked. “June?” her mother called.
“I’ll get these on the grill.” Caleb slipped out the patio door.
June sighed and went to meet her mother in the front hall. “Hi, Mom. Sorry for getting so upset yesterday.”
Her mother hugged her. “I forgive you, Junie. I just don’t know what to say sometimes… I’m sorry for upsetting you. Let’s just forget the whole thing, okay?”
June hugged her back. “Okay.” 
Caleb got picked up for work by a horse-drawn sleigh each night at twelve. He got home just after eight. Sometimes, he would bring home meat, other times, tales about the one that got away. They would all eat breakfast together and then her mother would head off to work and Caleb would go to bed. June liked having the quiet house to herself all day, to write. Everyday, Caleb woke up in the late afternoon. They’d eat by candlelight and then spend the evening together. Weeks passed in happy regularity.
Then, one day, while Caleb was sleeping, it happened. The lights in the living room where she was sitting flickered. Electricity! June felt too excited to keep writing. She wanted to tell Caleb but she knew she shouldn’t wake him. Then a little later, the lights flickered again and then went fully on. 
“Yes!” She couldn’t suppress a cry of jubilation. Just as suddenly, it went back off. Aww…But they were working on it. It wouldn’t be long until they had that wind turbine pumping out power! Soon, she’d get her phone charged and her computer too. It was crazy being so detached from everything that was going on. The only news that she heard at all was third- or fourth-hand - what Caleb had heard from the other militiamen on his nightly watches.
“What’s going on?” Caleb came out, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
“The lights, they flickered! Oh, Caleb…I’m sorry for waking you. I was just so excited.”
“It’s no problem. He glanced at the color of the sky out the window. It’s almost time for me to wake up anyway.” He flicked the light switch off and then back on. “Maybe we should reset it? Maybe we had too much on.”
“Okay, I’ll go reset it.”
“Wait. I think we need to turn things off first or it will just kick out again. I think, with the electricity allotment we get, we can only use a few things at a time.”
“Right. That makes sense.”
 “So we need to unplug the fridge, clocks, everything that draws power and turn all the lights off.”
“I’ll go unplug things in the basement,” said June. “I’m sure the deep freeze must use a lot of power.”
“Probably.” They went to work unplugging everything and turning all the lights off.
June laughed. “All this time, I wanted light. As soon as we might be getting the lights back, we rush to turn them off.”
Caleb laughed too. “I want my phone more. I really hope this works.”
“Me too!”
Once they had finished, June put on her boots, rushed outside and pressed the black button upwards, like the man had shown her. Nothing seemed to happen. The snow was almost gone. Finally, the spring weather was coming. She hurried back in.
 “Done!” she called, pulling her boots off. Caleb already had his phone plugged in. 
Caleb held up his phone. It was on! “We’ve got power!” 
“I want to charge my phone too. Do you think we can both charge at once?”
“I think so. Try it.”
June went to grab her charger from her room. She plugged in her phone and it buzzed to life, charging. “This is the best day ever! Let’s pretend today’s our birthday party and we can watch a movie!” She went to sit beside Caleb on the couch. 
“But your birthday was last week and mine was five days before that.”
He draped an arm around her. “It is a pretty great day, though. And tomorrow, I’ll be going to a doctor’s appointment for my foot. I think I’ll be getting my walking cast. Maybe we can celebrate then.”
“That’s a wonderful idea!” 
When June’s charge was halfway, she pulled it from the charger. “We’ve just got to see what’s been going on.” She sat back down on the couch, close to Caleb.
“Let’s check out the vlogs from the Operation Power Restoration teams. Team 2 obviously had success.”
June surfed to that page and tapped the link. She held the phone up so Caleb could see too. The video opened to a scene of the wind turbine storage facility. 
Matthew’s voice spoke from off-screen. “This here’s the tower. It comes in six pieces. It’s gonna take two trucks to carry it. Lucky thing we have two trucks now.” The angle panned to show two flatbed semi trucks. “We’re going to get this tower loaded and be back in Steinbach by nightfall, the good Lord willing. We brought a couple more guys here. So, this time, we’ll be leaving eight militia guys to guard the place. We want to come back for the last turbine stored here . That will take another two trips. But the government of Steinbach made sure to secure enough gas for us so…here we go!” The video clicked off.
“Watch the next one?” asked June.
Caleb nodded. There were two more vlog entries in the list. June tapped on the next video.
The next video opened to a hospital room. Nathan, the militiaman from Team 1, was reclining on a hospital bed. 
“They said I should tell you what’s out there…It’s all gangs and violence. Really dangerous. I figured out that you gotta stay off the road; that’s where all the action is, on the main highways. And the further you get from Steinbach, the worse it gets. I had to tramp through fields of snow, hip-deep in some places. The doc here says I’m going to lose two toes because they got too frozen…but I get to keep all my fingers at least.” He wiggled all his fingers in front of the camera. “I was in bad shape when I finally got back to the city gate. Thank God someone there recognized me so they let me in. My message to you is this: stay in Steinbach – stay safe. It’s bad out there. And if you do have to go out… don’t stray far from the city.” The video clicked off.
“Scary,” said June, “but I’m really glad he’s alright.”
“Let’s watch the last one.” Caleb pointed to her phone.
“Okay. Looks like this one was just uploaded yesterday.” June tapped the link.
The video expanded to fill the screen. A sunny day and a snowy field. The camera angle panned to the right. Two massive wind turbines came into view.
“There they are.” It was Matthew’s voice. “Installation of the Steinbach wind turbines was completed this morning as of 10:52 a.m., just inside the city, near the north gate. Hydro personal expect that the wind turbines will be interfaced with our power grid by mid-afternoon tomorrow.”
A cheer erupted from behind the camera. The camera angle shifted to show a small crowd of workers and militiamen. Matthew spoke again from behind the camera. “Operation Power Restoration Team Two – mission complete.” The crowed cheered again.
June cheered with them. Then the video faded to white and flicked off. “That’s awesome. Things are really working out!”
“Yeah. Let’s find out what’s been going on in the rest of the world. Is that zombie apocalypse thing really true? Try to pull up some news.”
“Hmm…” June looked down the list of results. “Looks like it’s mostly articles from the UK.”
“Just open anything,” said Caleb. “I really want to hear what’s been going on out there.”
June clicked on one of the first links in the list. She held the phone so that they both could read it.


The Zombie Apocalypse Continues

The contamination originating from the bombs that were dropped on the major cities in North America is now believed to be a contagious disease. Though North American scientists are working around the clock to come up with a cure, so far there have not been any breakthroughs. According to data gleaned from American scientists, the disease is like nothing ever seen before. It is an engineered virus but what is so remarkable about the virus is the speed at which it commandeers infected cells and replicates itself within the human body. With most infections, the incubation period before people show any symptoms is commonly 24 to 48 hours. With this infection, symptoms appear almost immediately, within minutes. Symptoms include darkening of the eyes, increased aggression and supressed brain function, resulting in severely decreased intelligence and reasoning skills. Memory also seems to be affected. 

The sickness, though having no official name, is being commonly referred to as “the darkness” by bloggers and those uploading videos online. The US Department of Heath gives this advice. “Those not affected are to remain indoors from dusk until dawn. When scavenging for food, do not enter any dark, unknown spaces.”

The infection continues to spread. Texas is the only southern state that remains, for the most part, unaffected by the disease. Surviving US military patrol the Texas borders every night to prevent any infected persons from entering. The biggest concern facing Texas right now is the ever-worsening food shortage. 

Northern areas of the United States and most of Canada have remained unaffected by the contamination. Scientists speculate that, perhaps, the contagion cannot survive at a temperature below zero degrees Celsius. 

The spread of the disease into Central and South America has been rampant. Although stats are extremely difficult to obtain, some estimate that over half of the South American population has already been infected. 

There have been no confirmed cases of the disease on any continents apart from the Americas. All intercontinental air and marine travel has been suspended. 


Chapter 8

“It’s worse than I thought,” said Caleb.”
“Yeah. Lucky that’s not happening around here.” Yet. She tried to shake off the dread she felt. Surely, they’d be safe in Steinbach. June tapped on the app that kept track of her book sales. When she saw the number, she gasped. The electricity had been out for nearly six weeks but…that was a LOT of books!
Caleb leaned over to see her phone. “What are you looking at?”
“My sales. For the month of March, I sold a little over double what I’ve ever sold in a month before! At this rate, I’ll be able to pay the taxes, no problem!”
 “That’s great, June! Finally, we get some good news! And just wait until your mother finds out we have electricity.”
“Yup. She’s going to be excited. Warm showers every day, here we come!”

***

The next day, Caleb came home with no crutches and a walking cast. “Take a look at this!” He held his arms out to her.
June embraced him. “It’s so nice out. And the sidewalks are finally dry. Do you want to go for a walk, now you can?”
“That would be awesome. This is one of the first nice days of spring. I am really tired of being cooped up.”
They held hands as they walked along. The sun shone down on them, warming June’s shoulders and hair. The grass was still all dead, the trees had no leaves, and small piles of snow lay in the deep shade, but still, somehow it smelled like new life.
“Do you need to get some sleep before work?”
“I took the day off because of my doctor’s appointment.” He smiled down at her. “So we’ll have the whole day together, just the two of us. We can celebrate our birthdays and watch a movie.”
“You’re just going to skip sleeping?”
“I’d rather be with you.”
June loved how the light reflected in his eyes. “Thanks, Caleb.”
They came to a pocket park with a bench. “Let’s sit down,” Caleb suggested. “Walking’s tiring after not doing it for a couple of weeks.” They sat down together on the bench. There was no one around. He looked at her expectantly. “I really like you, June.”
What did that mean? Was this it? Did he want her to kiss him? “Thanks. I really like you too.” He was still staring. She leaned closer. He leaned in towards her. Closer and closer. June felt like giggling but she didn’t let it out. “Close your eyes,” she whispered. His eyelids flicked closed. Their lips touched. Caleb pulled back. He looked away. 
“I guess we’d better get back.” He stood.
“Was that…”
He cut her off. “I don’t want to talk about it.” They walked back to the house in silence. June blinked away the moisture in her eyes. Had she done something wrong?
That afternoon, they watched some movies June had on DVD. Caleb held her hand but wouldn’t really look at her. What was going on with him? The movie was one she hadn’t seen before and it had a really great ending. She flicked off the TV and turned to look at him. Caleb was looking far too serious. June was about to ask him what he thought of the movie but he spoke first.
“Now that the snow has melted and walking with the cast is easier – I don’t need crutches anymore… I think I should move back home.”
“Oh.” What about getting married? She didn’t even know what to say. Didn’t that kiss mean anything? Why does he want to leave? Didn’t Caleb want her anymore?
“I just…I guess I think it would be better if we focused on working, for now.”
“It’s the militia, isn’t it? Did your new friends tell you not to get married or what?” But Caleb just looked down. “Or is it that you don’t like me anymore? I don’t understand why you’re working there, anyway.”
“June, I do like you. I love you. Working for the militia is important. We’re keeping Steinbach safe. If it weren’t for us, the city would be over-run. Do you know how many attacks we’ve repelled in the past week alone?”
“You know, that’s funny, Caleb. You used to tell me that Jesus would take care of us. But now it’s all on you, eh? Maybe I should join the militia too, if it’s so important!” Tears blurred her vision as she stormed to her room, slammed the door and locked it. Let him think she was juvenile. He was leaving anyway.
Later that afternoon, Caleb knocked quietly on her door. “June?” But she didn’t answer. What was there to say? “June, I’m leaving now. I’d like to say goodbye…” 
Clearly, he did want to say goodbye. Otherwise he wouldn’t be leaving. She crossed her arms over her chest and said nothing. 
“I’ll be heading back to my parents at the East City Farm. Well, goodbye then. I love you.” She heard his footsteps down the hall, punctuated by the heavy thump of his cast every second step. The front door opened.
“Wait!” she called, rushing from her room. “Caleb, wait. Don’t leave like that. I’ll say goodbye.”
Caleb was on the front step, with his backpack on. He really was moving out. Caleb held his arms out to her. She hugged him gently. “Goodbye. I love you too.” Her eyes were dry because she was still mad. Why did he get to make all the decisions and she just had to say goodbye and wait? But she tried to smile anyway. “See ya.” She waved from the door until he was off the yard, headed down the street. After he was out of sight, June put her jacket on. Maybe she should try to get a job with the militia if it was really so important. Why should Caleb get to have all the fun? She’d given him enough of a head start so he wouldn’t see her walking to the militia headquarters.
When June arrived at the arena, a pleasant-looking woman sitting at a desk greeted her, the same one she had seen the last time she was there.
“I think I do want a job, after all,” said June. 
Walking home after the interview, she shook her head. They had given her a job. Why they would, she had no idea. Nor did she know what she’d be doing. All she knew was that she was to report at the arena by 8:00 a.m. the next morning.
When she got home, her mother was already there. “June! Where were you? I was so worried! You didn’t leave a note.”
“Sorry, Mom. I didn’t think of it. Guess what?” She didn’t wait too long because she didn’t want her mom guessing that Caleb had proposed. “I got a job!”
“A job?” her mother echoed. “I thought you already have a job - writing.”
“I got a job with the Steinbach Militia.” 
“But June…writing’s how you’re making the money to pay our taxes. Why would you want to join the militia?”
“Maybe I can work in the Militia and write after my shift, like I used to when I was in school.”
“Where’s Caleb? His things are gone.”
“He moved out.”
“Oh Junie…I’m so sorry. Do you want a hug?”
“No, I’m fine. We didn’t break up or anything. Look, aren’t you going to be happy for me, about the job?”
“I just never thought you’d be working for the militia.”
“I never thought you’d be working on a farm,” June countered.
“Well…as long as you’re happy.”
June pursed her lips, walked into her room and closed the door. Was she happy? No. But Caleb left and that was that.
The next day, when she arrived at the arena, she found she would be training to begin with. She was disappointed and excited at the same time. Some part of her was hoping she would get a desk job like the receptionist at the arena. But another part of her was hoping she would get to see active duty. She was put in a group along with some other new employees. 
Her supervisor, Larry, was a tall, formidable-looking man. He introduced her to the group, “This is June Westcott.”
She was surprised to find a familiar face. “Amanda!
“June! I can’t believe you’re here. I’ve missed you!” Amanda’s blue eyes sparked as she reached towards June for a hug.
“Please save the hugging for after work hours,” said their supervisor in a bored tone.
The day passed quickly. She learned how to use a rifle. Well, the supervisor tried to teach her, anyway. June felt sure that she’d never even come close to hitting a target. She enjoyed being out and with people for a change, though. She and Amanda even giggled a few times, under the annoyed glare of their supervisor.
For the next few weeks, everything stayed the same. June settled into a new routine of working for the militia. She’d walk to work every morning, chat with Amanda and attempt to do the things that their supervisor was trying to teach them. June chatted with Caleb a little online, every evening. She kept expecting that he would break up with her. He didn’t but he didn’t come to visit her either. 
One day, after work, Amanda walked her home, even though they lived in different directions. It was a lovely, warm spring afternoon. June told her how everything was going. About her writing and about Caleb. She focused on the good parts.
“That’s awesome! I’m so happy for you. I’m just doing this job to get out too. My dad is some sort of business dealer and he’s making lots of money. We even still have gasoline so I get to drive places sometimes.”
“Driving places. That would be nice. I have to walk everywhere. It’s a long walk to church, especially when it was so cold.”
“Hey, June, speaking of driving places, I’m going to a dance at the Ste. Anne High School on Friday. Wanna come?”
“I don’t think so. Going outside of Steinbach…that’s too dangerous.”
“Ste. Anne’s safe. My cousin lives there. They’ve run off any criminals. It’s as safe as here.”
“But what about the Nightwalkers? You’ve seen all the videos and news reports.”
“It’s not happening here,” Amanda insisted. “Maybe the bombs that hit Winnipeg didn’t have the biological weapons or whatever. I’ve visited my cousin twice already this spring. It’s totally safe.”
“It just doesn’t seem like a good idea.”
“Look, you don’t have to pretend to be more spiritual than the rest of us,” said Amanda, with an exaggerated sigh.
“What?”
“Always working and going to church. Just because you’re supporting your family and you go to church, like every day, doesn’t make you a better person, you know. You can stop acting like it does.” Her blue eyes narrowed and she put her hands on her hips.
“What are you saying? I never implied that I’m better than you!” Amanda and June used to be very close, before she started dating Caleb. “I’m scared, Amanda! In Steinbach, we’re safe. Outside Steinbach, who knows?” Tears blurred her vision. “We used to be such good friends…” but her throat closed up so she couldn’t say more. She turned away from Amanda and started walking faster.
“Wait,” called Amanda. “I’m sorry. I’m just an idiot sometimes.” Amanda threw her arms around June. “Please forgive me, June. We’re still good friends.” 
June returned the hug half-heartedly. “I find comfort from God. That’s why I go to church. It’s not because I think I’m better or anything.”
“No, I know,” said Amanda. “I’m probably just jealous or something, you with your important job and dating such a great guy. I’m sorry for saying that. Still friends?”
“Of course.” She smiled at Amanda. It had been a long time since June had done anything just for fun. 
“You don’t have to come if you don’t want to. It’s just an open invitation.”
“Thanks… You sure it will be safe?” 
“Yeah. They’re going to have armed guards at all the doors to the school and the doors will be locked after the dance starts.”
“Okay. I’m coming.”
“Yay!” Amanda squealed and grabbed her arm in delight. “We’re going to have so much fun!” Her enthusiasm faded for a moment. “But what will Caleb say? He was never one for dances.”
“I’m sure he’ll be glad to have some fun.” But, really, June wasn’t sure at all. Seemed like he didn’t really care for fun anymore. At least not with her.

***

Caleb came to visit her that evening, surprising her. June ran to greet him. “Caleb! I’ve been invited to a dance being held at the school in Ste. Anne. Do you want to go?”
Caleb pulled away and frowned. “Go to a dance in Ste. Anne? June, are you crazy?! It’s not safe out there and there’s way too much work to do. And even if we weren’t trying to survive the zombie apocalypse, I don’t dance. You know that.”
“It was just an idea. You don’t have to get so upset about it.” She blinked back tears and walked into the kitchen. He didn’t come over for two weeks and then he was short with her. Why did he even bother coming? “Want something to eat?”
“Sure. That’d be great.”
But June had determined that she would attend the dance anyway. She’d had enough of him treating her like dirt. He didn’t need to practically ignore her for weeks and then talk to her like that.

***

The day of the dance, when it was late afternoon, June dropped the note that she had written onto the kitchen table. June had considered lying about where she was going but why should she? I’m eighteen. I can do what I want. Her mother would worry when she saw it but, maybe, she would stay in her bedroom for the night. In that case, she’d never even know.
Soon, Amanda pulled up in the driveway. June jumped into the passenger side. Her eyes were drawn to the large, pink rabbit fob that hung from her car key in the ignition. Is this really a good idea? Then June’s eyes travelled to her friend. Amanda was wearing a short skirt and lots of make-up. June looked down at her blue jeans. She had put on a nice top to go with them, though.
“Do you think I’ll be okay wearing this?” asked June.
“Oh, sure,” Amanda replied. “People wear just whatever to these dances. Girls wear jeans all the time. I’ve been twice before, remember? Don’t worry, June. You look great.” 
June was worried when they got to the checkpoint at the edge of town. The RCMP officer posted there motioned that they should stop the car.
“I’ll need to see your driver’s licence and a photo id from your passenger” said the burly cop in a bored tone.
“Okay.” Amanda fished her driver’s licence out of her purse and June leaned across her to also hand hers to the officer. The man looked at the licence cards carefully. 
“You’re both eighteen,” he said finally, handing the cards back to them. “What’s your business outside of Steinbach?”
“We’re going to the dance in Ste. Anne,” said Amanda, brightly.
“When will you be returning?”
“Before 9:00,” said Amanda. “We’ll be home before dark.”
“Be careful out there,” he said, before moving aside and allowing the car to pass.
As they whizzed down the highway, June felt a disconcerting squeezing in her chest. It was the first time she had been outside Steinbach without Caleb since the bomb hit Winnipeg. Freedom didn’t feel as great as she thought it would. In less than twenty minutes, they were pulling up in the parking lot at the high school in Ste. Anne.
“It’s so awesome that they kept the school going here,” said Amanda. “I hate smelling our stupid city-farms.” Amanda led the way into the brown brick building. They passed two bored looking guys with big guns as they walked through the large metal doors.
“Festive,” said June, as they stood in the entrance to the school gymnasium. It was decorated with pink and green streamers. Yellow chicks and purple bunnies made with tissue paper adorned the walls. 
“Isn’t it great!” squealed Amanda, clinging to her arm. “Oh, there’s my cousin!” Amanda waved at a clump of girls. “Come on, I’ll introduce you to her and her friends.” Amanda rushed towards them, pulling June by the arm.
Amanda’s cousin and friends were nice. Once the music started, some of the girls danced with their boyfriends or with their dates. But the rest of them just danced together in a big group. June danced with Amanda and laughed until her stomach hurt. The hours passed like minutes. Even after the music was turned off, the teachers had to flick the lights a number of times and scold them for not leaving before the students finally started filtering from the gym into the hallway.
“That was the best!” said Amanda.
“Yeah,” said June. “I can’t remember when I’ve had so much fun. It seems like it’s over way to soon.”
“We’ll come again,” promised Amanda, “for their next dance.”
“For sure,” said June.
The event was over and it was time to go home. Spirits were high. June felt normal again. The stress had ebbed away as she had giggled and talked with Amanda and her new friends. Everyone around her was laughing and jostling. They reached the metal double doors leading out into the parking lot. 
“Oh, no!” said June. “We’ve stayed too late. It’s dark out.”
“It’s okay,” said Amanda. “We’ll go home with my cousin. I did that once before. My aunt won’t mind.”
“My mother will be so worried,” June protested.
“You can phone her. It’ll be fine.” Amanda took out the keys to her car and held them in her hand as they prepared to go outside.
The orange glow of the exit light reflected in the whites of her friends’ eyes, tinting them orange. Suddenly, June felt afraid. The teens began to spill out into the parking lot. June hung back. She never used to be afraid of the dark. June scanned the parking lot through the open doors. The warm evening air of spring smelled enticing. Then she saw them. Nightwalkers wandering in amongst the parked cars. Caleb was right. She should never have come.
“Watch out!” June screamed to the teens who had already left the safety of the building. Some of them dashed back into the school while others raced for their cars. She lost sight of Amanda. A few people made it to their cars. Headlights flicked on; cars rumbled to life. A car peeled out of the parking lot and down the highway. Should she try to make a run for it while she still had a chance?
The doors closed behind them. A very tall man, one of the militiamen who were guarding the door, fired his gun into the crowd of Nightwalkers whose ranks were swelling with the bodies of her friends. The other militiaman tried the door. It was locked. He made a run for it. June followed. She’d have a better chance with him. Surely he’d let her jump into his car too? The tall militiaman followed and grabbed the other guy, roughly spinning him around to face him.
“Where are you going?”
“I’m getting outta here!” There was terror on the shorter man’s face.
“You can’t just leave them. We said we’d keep them safe.”
“They don’t have a chance. They’re like sheep to the slaughter.” He shoved his comrade away and started climbing the chain link fence that surrounded the schoolyard. 
“Watch out!” June’s cry came out as a shriek as the two men were overwhelmed by a mob of Nightwalkers.
With a surge of adrenaline, June took to the fence, scaling it like a pro. It had been years since she had climbed but motivation was high and, in only a moment, she dropped down into the schoolyard on the other side. Black-eyed men and women growled at her from the other side of the fence. There were the militiamen, their guns forgotten, now lying on the pavement. They didn’t try to climb after her. She had noticed on the videos that both intelligence and coordination seemed to be affected by the contamination. And, apparently, the effect was almost instantaneous. Slowly, she stepped backwards. There was Amanda, black eyed like the rest. Her friend…What was June going to say to Amanda’s mother? 
She turned and raced across the dark schoolyard towards the play structure. June climbed the metal and wooden structure to its highest point. She curled up on the platform where she could see the yard below to make sure no one approached. Then she prayed for daylight. The night grew colder and darker but nothing stirred in the field around the play structure.


Chapter 9

Finally, light appeared on the horizon. June could see several bodies lying in the parking lot. About half the cars remained. But, other than that, the lot was deserted. June could see Amanda’s keys, with the distinctive pink rabbit fob, lying near the fence. She waited until full light before making a break for it. June jumped down from the play structure, raced across the open field, scaled the fence, scooped up the keys and dashed across the parking lot to Amanda’s car. She gave the bodies a wide berth, not sure if the contamination could travel through the air. When she got a few metres away from the car, she crouched down to look. No one was under the car. The coast was clear. June got the key in the lock on the first try, pulled open the door and jumped into the car, slamming the door behind her and pressing down on the lock. Wildly, she scanned the interior of the vehicle. No Nightwalkers there. As she peeled from the parking lot, she saw others coming from the school. Not everyone had been infected. Some people had stayed inside.
As June sped back to Steinbach, she finally let the tears come. She wiped her face as the salty flow tickled down onto her chin. Amanda was gone forever. Caleb had been right. They couldn’t afford to have fun anymore. Surviving and work was what everything was about now.
A militiaman stopped her at the city gate. He looked at her driver’s id.
“You left yesterday. Where’s the other girl?”
June’s eyes filled with tears again. “She…At the dance in Ste. Anne…Nightwalkers.”
The man’s eyes went wide. “Nightwalkers? Here?”
June nodded and her throat felt tight, like she wouldn’t be able to speak. “Amanda…she was infected.”
The militiaman waved her through and grabbed a walkie-talkie from the guardhouse.
It only took a few more minutes and then she was home. She parked Amanda’s car in her driveway. Before she was even out of the vehicle, Caleb and her mother were rushing out of the house. Caleb looked angry. Why is he here anyway? 
June stepped out of the car and into her mother’s embrace. “Oh, Junie! I was so worried!”
“Where were you?” demanded Caleb.
“I thought you moved out?” June spat back. I almost didn’t make it. I don’t need you to yell at me!
“What happened, Junie? I got your note but, when you didn’t come home, I was so worried…”
“Where were you?’ Caleb demanded again.
“I went to a dance with Amanda.”
“A dance? Where?”
“In Ste. Anne. And we stayed too late and it was dark already. And then they came. Nightwalkers.”
“Oh, no!” exclaimed her mother.
“They got Amanda and most of the other people who went out into the parking lot. I hid in a play structure all night. Then came home at first light.”
Her mother hugged her tightly. “Oh, June. I’m so glad you’re alright.”
“That’s so irresponsible,” said Caleb. “I thought we agreed you weren’t going.” He crossed his arms over his chest and scowled at her.
“Caleb…I want you to go home. You’re not part of this family and I don’t want to talk to you right now.” June took her mother’s hand and tugged her inside.
“Mom, can you call Amanda’s parents? Tell them…I’m so, so sorry.”
June slipped into a hot bath and tried to forget. But the memory of the back-eyed mob wouldn’t fade. After the bath, June put a movie on. She was taking a sick day - stress leave from life. June curled up on the couch and her mother sat with her. They spent the day like that, as June tried to wash the memories away with movies.
The next morning, June woke up with dream sequences swirling in her mind. She stumbled out of bed to her computer to tap them out right away, as was her custom. It was a little game she played with herself. Every dream that she remembered, she wrote it into her current work-in-progress. June blinked back sleep and focused on the dream, which only moments ago had been so vivid in her mind. 

***

She was attending a government-run Science school in a very large castle. Students from all over the world were taking the special program there. She loved to go exploring. The castle had many secret passages. Exploring was way more fun than doing homework. One day, she emerged from a dusty, old passageway to find herself on a wide ledge, staring down at a meeting area. Men and women clad in military garb were seated around an ornate oval table. She brushed the dust from her pants and crouched down to listen. She could almost make out what they were saying but her perch was too high up for her to get the gist of the conversation.
“Hey, you there,” one of the men boomed, standing and pointing up at her.
She stumbled backward, the realization coming to her - maybe she shouldn’t be up there. Scooting back into the passageway, her heart pounded in her ears. She raced through the passages, finding her way back to the student dorms. That’s where they were waiting for her. 
“You were spying on the Council!” boomed a big man with dark hair.
“No, I wasn’t. I didn’t mean to be.”
“You will now be expelled from the academy. You have no future in the military!”
Tears filled her eyes. “But I’ve been really trying here...”
“Collect your belongings and leave.”
Her backpack slung over her shoulder, she resolutely crossed the moat on the old wooden bridge. She knew what she would do. Stories had been her livelihood before. She would go back to making up tales of adventure and telling them for coins. Perhaps, one day, she would even entertain royalty. She wasn’t cut out to be a military scientist. She was a story creator.
She went on to have great success with her story-telling. It was years later when, one day, some of the wealthy ladies of the city were going on a trip to the country to picnic and swim. They invited her along to entertain them during the lengthy carriage ride. She would be paid well for her vacation in the country. 
When they reached their destination, the ladies shucked off their fancy clothing and splashed into the water of a crystal clear lake. Being a good swimmer, she joined them in the water. The area looked vaguely familiar but she couldn’t recognize where they were.
“What is this place?” she asked one of the women.
“This is the valley where the military training castle used to stand,” she replied.
“Well, it’s still here,” said another woman. “You can see it if you swim under the water, over that way.” She pointed towards the opposite shore. “Fresh springs came up from the ground and flooded the valley, creating the lake that you see now.”
The castle is now under water? While she was trying to come to terms with this news, one of the women cried out and pointed in the direction from which they’d come. She turned to see a young boy, about two or three years old, crouching on the stones by the edge of the lake. But the rocks were slipping out from under him. The boy was losing his balance, about to fall into the lake. 
She propelled herself quickly though the water towards the child. He fell with a great splash and flailed in the water. He couldn’t touch the bottom nor could he swim. She reached him just as his face was submerging beneath the water. Pulling the boy up, she held him to her chest. He coughed and clung to her. 

***

June stopped writing. That’s where the dream had ended and she had woken, clutching her blankets. It was all so vivid…But did the dream mean something? June considered it prayerfully for a moment. Yes. Don’t lose sight of the important things. June pondered this for a moment. What were the important things? Writing and Caleb. The little boy who almost drowned in the dream is Caleb. He needs you.
June’s eyes widened and she reached for her phone. He was online. But he didn’t start chatting when she came online.


June Westcott
Hi.

Caleb Billy Thiessen
Hi.

June Westcott
I’m sorry.

Caleb Billy Thiessen
Ok.
June Westcott
I had a dream that you were drowning. Everything ok?

Caleb Billy Thiessen
Yeah…no. Not really. Can I come over?

June Westcott
Come over.


Twenty minutes later, Caleb came through the door.
She went out to greet him in the front hall. “You don’t live here anymore… You didn’t ring the doorbell.” 
“Oh. I forgot.” Caleb took off his shoes.
“Look…I’m sorry for going to the dance without telling you…when I knew you didn’t want me to.”
“I know. You said that already.” He came in and sat on the couch.
June sat down on the other end of the couch and turned to face him. “What’s going on, Caleb?”
“I just…well…I don’t want to talk about it. But what’s going on with you? Why did you go to the dance in secret like that? June…I was so scared.”
 “I don’t like it when you just tell me what to do. You’re not my dad, you know?”
“I do that?” His soft brown eyes reached out to her for understanding.
“Yes. It’s like you don’t care what I think anymore. It’s like…you don’t care about me at all.”
Caleb moved closer to her and took her hand. “I’m sorry I’ve been doing that, June. I’ve just been so worried and stressed...scared. I’ve been trying to hide it from you because I feel like you expect me to be strong…a man.”
“Caleb…I just want you to be you, to be yourself. I want us to be able to work on things together - to be partners.”
“June…” he clung to her and buried his face in her hair. “I was so worried when you were gone all night. I thought…” But he couldn’t finish what he was saying. Caleb just held her tightly. “I need you, June. I’m going to listen to you, I promise. I’m not going to treat you like that anymore.”
She stroked his back. “I love you too.”
 “The reason I left, the reason I didn’t want to get close is that I’m not sure about getting married.”
“What?” June pulled away. “All this time, I thought you wanted to marry me! That’s what you’ve been saying!”
“Yeah. I know. I did... I mean I do. It’s just that this world’s not a safe place to bring children into. That’s why the kiss and all that scared me so much. I was thinking about the next level of commitment. Commitment that maybe I’m not ready for. Maybe I’ll never be ready for it. Marriage, especially now without birth control or anything, means children.” Caleb blushed. He looked away and struggled on. “I’m scared to death of bringing a child into this world. That seems like it would be…irresponsible. Even before it was the end of the world…my sister…it’s just not a safe place for kids. And I know you want kids but I think…I’m just not sure about any of it anymore.”
“Your sister wasn’t a kid,” June said gently.
“She was only seventeen, younger than I am now.” There were tears in Caleb’s eyes. 
June put her arms around him and buried her face in his chest. “God is sovereign,” she whispered. “Your sister…she was a Christian?”
“Yes.” His voice was tight. Either he was crying or he was holding back the tears.
“So she’s gone to a better place now. She’s with Jesus. Where she’ll never have to feel afraid or lonely or in pain or sad. In a way, she’s lucky to have gotten to go home early. She got out easy,” said June quietly.
“I know but…” June pulled away and looked up. Tears flowed down Caleb’s face. “I miss her every day. If I get even closer to you, June, if we get married, it will be that much harder when I loose you. And when you didn’t come home, I thought….My heart hurt so bad, I was sure I couldn’t go on.” He pulled away and wiped his face on his sleeve. “And if we had children and I lost them…” Caleb covered his face with his hands. “I just couldn’t bear it, June. I know I just couldn’t.”
June didn’t know what to say. She had no idea that his sister’s death was still affecting him so deeply. Lately, she had been praying for wisdom so that she could be a blessing to other people. And she really needed God’s wisdom now. June cast her thoughts heavenward. What should I say? What should I do? A verse came to her mind so she spoke it out loud.
“You are from God and have overcome them, because the one who is in you is greater than the one who is in the world.”
Caleb reached his arms out to her, still crying, and enfolded her in an embrace. “Thank you.”
Another verse came to June’s mind so she said that one too. “In the Bible, Jesus said, ‘In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.’”
“Thank you, June. You know just what to say. Terrible, terrible trouble in this world. But Jesus…He already won. I know I just need to trust in that – to trust in him. It’s just hard sometimes. I don’t want to lose you, June. I don’t want you to die. And that possibility is more real now than ever.” His tears were falling on her ear and neck, tickling her. 
She pulled away smiling, wiping away the moisture. “Maybe I’ll die soon, or maybe not. But either way, I’ll be safe. Remember what God tells us in the Bible, ‘I will never leave you. I will never forsake you.’ We can trust in that. Either working for Jesus here, or rejoicing with him at home, either way, there is nothing to fear. God is all powerful and he is sovereign.”
“But I don’t like the idea that you could die, June.”
“I will die. We all do.”
“I don’t want to live to see it.”
“I think…maybe you need to give up control.”
“You think I have control issues?”
“I don’t know.”
“I do. I’ve known for a while but I don’t know how to get rid of these feelings. I just want to control the world. I want to control every situation, so things will be good. But, of course, I can’t. June, could you pray for me?”
“Sure.”
“Please pray and ask God what I should do. I hate feeling like this all the time. And I do love you and I want to be with you, June. But I can’t. But I need you. But I’m scared. Please pray. I’m going crazy… I need God to save me.”
June folded her hands and closed her eyes. “God, you know everything and you hold all things in your hands. I thank you right now that you allowed me to survive my foolish choice and return to Caleb. I thank you that he loves me and wants to be with me.” June was smiling so wide it hurt. It felt like God was about to do something really good. “God, when did this need to control things first become an issue in Caleb’s life? Please bring the cause to his mind.”
Caleb looked up and answered almost right away. “It was when my sister died. If only my parents had controlled the situation better, or if I had…then she’d still be alive. And, if I don’t control things right…people will wind up dead.”
“Hmmm…that makes sense. Let me pray for you again. God, please show Caleb if the enemy planted a lie in his heart during this time…and if so, what is that lie?”
Caleb clasped his hands together tightly as he prayed. He kept his eyes squeezed shut as he answered. “That it was my fault. That I should have done something to prevent her from leaving. I should have stopped her. Or I should have made my dad stop fighting with her. But I didn’t do anything. I didn’t control the situation. I let her die. It was my fault.”
Tears leaked from his closed eyes. June longed to comfort him but she knew this was a job for Jesus. 
“Jesus, please show Caleb the truth in this situation. What is the truth?”
Caleb was silent for a long moment; then he opened his eyes. “That he loves me,” he whispered. “It wasn’t my fault. Everyone makes their own decisions. And I can only control my own.” He wiped tears from his chin and neck as the pain cleared from his countenance. “I guess it really wasn’t my fault. In my head, I knew it wasn’t but in my heart…I believed it was. But it really wasn’t.” Caleb smiled a sad smile. “And I know that Leah’s okay now. She’s with Jesus.”
“Let me pray a prayer of blessing over you.” June closed her eyes and folded her hands in reverence. “God, I pray for Caleb now. I ask that you would strengthen him and fill him with wisdom and courage and with the power of your Holy Spirit. Thank you, Jesus, for speaking to us. Thank you for your love.” She opened her eyes to see Caleb looking at her.
“Thank you,” he said. 
Her mother came out of her room, looking sleepy. “Is everything alright out here? I thought I heard crying.” She looked to June and then to Caleb.
“Everything’s great, Mrs. Westcott. June was just praying for me.”
The doorbell rang. They all just looked at each other. It had been a long time since the doorbell had rung. 
“It’s daylight.” Her mother looked at the door. “Should I open it?”
“It should be safe.” Caleb got off the couch and went to the front door with June’s mother.
Her mother looked out the peephole. “It’s that same guy.”
“Let’s see what he wants.” Caleb stood where the man would be able to see him.
She opened the door. “Hello.”
“Hello. I’m so glad you’re home today! My name is Peter. I’m living in a garage in the neighbourhood and I’m looking for a room to rent. I heard that not a lot of people live here yet. I was from outside Steinbach, initially. Came in as soon as the bombs dropped. My relatives are a little sick of me. There are twenty-three people living in that house now so I can’t really blame them.”
“Twenty-three?!” her mother exclaimed. “How much could you pay for rent?”
“Yes, very large households are not uncommon these days. I could pay four eggs a day.”
“Eggs,” her mother mused. “Haven’t had those in a while. I’d need references.”
The man pulled a worn, folded paper from his pocket. “Here is the phone number for my uncle’s house and my current employer – I work at one of the city farms - and also a phone number from a previous employer.”
June’s mother took the paper from him. “Okay, I’ll phone these places and then get back to you.”
“Thank you. My phone number’s on the bottom of the page.”
Her mother nodded. “I’ll get back to you if this is something that could work out.”
“Thank you.” The man smiled and left.
June breathed a sigh of relief as the door closed. “Do you trust him?” she asked.
“I’m not sure,” said her mother.
Caleb shook his head. “I don’t like the idea of him living here and you being alone with him, June.”
“The extra food would be welcome but we’re certainly not going to rush into anything,” said her mother. 

***

Later that morning, when she went on shift, her supervisor pulled her aside. He was a big man with dark hair.
“June, I just wanted to thank you for your effort with the militia. I know you really gave it your best. We like to give everyone a chance initially, to find those most suitable for this type of job.”
“Oh.” June remembered back to her dream. Focus on the important things. She was supposed to be writing. Not trying to have a career in the military. 
“I’m sorry, June. You’re getting laid off. I’ll make sure you get your two weeks severance pay.”
“So that’s it, then?”
“That’s it. Collect your stuff from your locker and head home.”
“Okay.” She turned away, humiliated, just like in her dream. But, at least, she knew what she was supposed to do now.
“Hey, June,” said the gruff man.
She turned back to face him. “Yes?”
“Maybe you should stick to writing. Everyone loves your stories. Even me.” He grinned lopsidedly. June had never seen the man smile before. She supposed it must be another confirmation. 
“Right. Okay, I will.” June tried to smile back. She really did like writing better than trying to learn how to shoot at people anyway.


Chapter 10

It was three weeks later when the middle-aged man moved in with them. Caleb still didn’t like the idea but the guy checked out. He was a regular attender at a different church and everyone thought well of him. Plus, June and her mother had eaten most of the food in the house. Things were getting tight.
“Hello, Peter.” Her mother greeted him at the door. “Welcome to our home.”
“Thank you. I’m so glad to be here. Very excited to be able to sleep in a real bed again!”
The man seemed pleasant enough. Thankfully, he worked the same shift as her mother so June would still have the house to herself during the days.
It was only a few days later that Caleb stopped in to see her one afternoon. He stood on the front step, looking at her. “Do you want to go for a walk?”
“That would be great. I don’t get out into the sun enough.” She grabbed the keys and locked the front door behind her. They walked down the cracked sidewalk.
“My doctor says I might get my cast off next week.”
“That’s great, Caleb!”
“Yeah.” They came to that same pocket park where they had first kissed. Caleb slowed down.
“Let’s keep walking,” she suggested. “It’s not a great memory here.”
Caleb stopped. “Let’s over-write it. Want to sit on the bench for a minute?”
“Uhhhh….Okay, I guess.” June took a seat on the wooden bench. Caleb sat down beside her. Then he looked at her hesitantly. Does he want a kiss? June decided to voice her concern. “Last time, this didn’t pan out so well.”
“I have a good feeling about it this time.” Caleb smiled at her and leaned a little closer.
Something was tickling in her gut like a thousand butterflies. “Close your eyes,” she whispered. She leaned in. Their lips touched. Caleb held her tightly as the kiss lingered. 
When they parted, Caleb was looking at her intensely. He kneeled down in front of her and pulled something from his pocket. He held up a diamond ring. “June, will you marry me?”
Tears flashed into her eyes. She reached for his outstretched hand with the ring. “Yes. Oh, Caleb, I was beginning to think you’d never ask.” She couldn’t stop crying.
“I love you, June.” He slid the ring onto the ring finger of her left hand. Then they both stood up and he held her. “I had this with me last time we were here, too. That’s why I went so weird on you. I chickened out.” Caleb laughed nervously. 
“I love you too, Caleb Billy Thiessen. I’m so glad I’m finally going to get to have your last name. Then I’ll finally fit in around here.” She laughed and hugged him tightly. 
“Let’s have the wedding in two weeks,” said Caleb
“Two weeks? That seems short.”
“Life’s short. Never more so than now. I would marry you sooner only I want my cast to be off and it will be by then. Why wait longer? I want to be with you, June.”
“I want to be with you, too. Okay, two weeks it is.” When it’s the end of the world, it’s okay to plan a wedding for only two weeks away, June decided.
Caleb walked her back home and continued on to work. 
“Mom!” June ran into the house to find her mother and Peter sitting on the couch, smiling at each other. “Mom, guess what?”
“What is it?” asked her mother, her eyes traveling from June’s face to her left hand.
“Oh!” her mother exclaimed.
“I’m getting married!!!!”
“I’m so happy for you, Darling! That is wonderful news!”
“We’re getting married in two weeks. Do you think it’s too soon?”
“No. I was surprised he hadn’t asked you already. With all that has gone on, I thought it would be sooner.” Her mother stood up and held out her arms. “I’m so happy for you, June.” They hugged.
Peter stood up and held out his hand. “Congratulations.” He shook her hand.

***

Two weeks later, on a sunny day in May, in the bathroom at her church, June slipped into a white wedding dress. She would have dressed at home, only they had to walk there, and walking in this dress would not have been practical. The dress had been her mother’s. A friend of theirs had been able to alter the dress for June to wear it. She looked at herself in the mirror. She noticed again how the large bathroom had more soap dispensers than sinks. It really was odd. Her attention drifted back to her reflection. The dress had long sleeves, a large crinoline and a long train. She had a veil but it just went back over her hair; it didn’t cover her face. 
Her mother walked into the bathroom. “Oh, June, you look so lovely. I had considered getting rid of this.” She caressed the white satin. “But, now, I’m really glad I kept it.” 
“Me too. Thank you, Mom. It’s so perfect. I can’t wait to see Caleb’s face when he sees me.”
Her mother started fastening all the fancy buttons on the back of the dress. “They always make wedding dresses so impractical.”
“Yeah, I’ll be trapped in this dress until Caleb lets me out.” June giggled and then flushed. Her mother and Peter were finding somewhere else to stay for the night so that she and Caleb could have the house to themselves. 
Following the popular custom, she and Caleb had not yet seen each other that day. June’s friend, Sarah, came into the bathroom; she was wearing a floor-length periwinkle satin gown.
“Oh, June, you look so beautiful!” Sarah and June had been friends since they were kids. Sarah was going to be her Maid of Honour.
“Thank you! You look great too!” 
Amanda had always been a closer friend than Sarah. It should really have been Amanda with her now. Her last memory of Amanda flashed into her mind. A best friend turned black-eyed monster. There was nothing she could do for Amanda now. June tried to shake the darkness away and focus on her friend, Sarah.
“Thanks! This is the dress I wore as a bride’s maid at my sister’s wedding two years ago. I’m just glad I still had it in my closet and that it still fits!”
“You both look perfect. And now, it’s time to go,” said her mother. “The ceremony will be starting in half an hour. The photographer wants to take some photos before then. He’s waiting just out in the hall.”
The three women left the bathroom and met the photographer. June felt distracted as the man took photos of them here and there in the church and then a few outside in the prayer garden. Some people greeted her on their way into the church. 
The event was a potluck – each family brought a dish of food to share. Her mother had invited a lot of people. She said that everyone needed a reason to celebrate. June didn’t mind having a lot of people there. All she cared about was having Caleb there and being with him for the rest of her life.
“That’s all the time we have,” said her mother to the photographer. “We’d better get back inside.”
Her mother had offered but June had decided that she would walk down the aisle herself. Thinking about that brought her father to mind again. Surely he was gone. Even if the initial explosion hadn’t killed him, he would have become infected by now. And there was no cure. She pushed the thought of her father from her mind. This was a happy day. The sun was shining. She was healthy and living the dream. And, today, she would marry the love of her life. June followed her mother back into the church. 
There were still quite a few people filing into the chapel. “I think these things usually start a few minutes late, so I guess it’s not quite time yet for you to go in. I’m going to go sit down in the front row now. You two hide in the bathroom for about five more minutes. Until the hall is empty. Sarah can peek out and tell you when Caleb and his best man go in. Then you’ll come. Remember - walk slowly.”
June grinned. “This is a lot of hurry up and wait.” When she saw the look on her mother’s face, June amended her answer. “I’ll walk slowly.” She and Sarah giggled.
Ten minutes later, June and Sarah were standing outside the sanctuary. The music was playing. The photographer was in place, ready to capture the whole event. Sarah swept away from her, walking in a stately fashion through the doors and down the aisle. June couldn’t see Caleb yet from where she was standing but she knew he would be waiting for her on the stage, watching for her. She heard her cue and stepped through the open doors. June walked slowly down the aisle. Everyone was standing to watch her. June glanced up and saw Caleb. Her step almost faltered. She felt like she would start giggling. She just wanted to run up the stairs to him. But she walked towards him slowly and stopped just at the bottom of the stairs, like they had practiced the day before.
Her mother came to stand beside her. The music ended and the congregation sat down. 
“Who gives this woman to be married?” asked the senior pastor from the stage. June had been so relieved when he had returned safely to Steinbach several weeks before.
“I do,” replied her mother.
The pastor motioned for June to come up the stairs, and her mother went back to her seat. June went to Caleb. They held hands so that the people saw one side profile and the pastor saw the other. She thought it would be nicer this way than with their backs to the audience. 
“Now the couple will say their vows,” the pastor announced.
“I, Caleb, take thee, June, to be my lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do us part.”
June was grinning so hard her face hurt. She hoped she’d be able to say it right. “I, June, take thee, Caleb, to be my lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do us part.”
“You may now exchange the rings,” said the pastor. 
Caleb took a golden band from his pocket. June had been amazed that they could still get such things. His father had traded two litres of milk a week for a year in exchange for the rings. Caleb held the ring out towards her and June extended her hand towards him. She tried to hold still but her fingers were trembling. Caleb had to hold her hand with his other hand so he could get the ring on. She let out a little laugh and the audience laughed too. It was so beautifully sweet.
“With this ring, I thee wed,” said Caleb.
June turned and took the ring from her maid of honour. “With this ring, I thee wed.” June slipped the large golden band on Caleb’s finger but she couldn’t get it past the knuckle. She laughed again, and laughter echoed from the crowd. Caleb quickly shoved the ring on the rest of the way. 
The pastor spoke again, “I now pronounce you man and wife. You have made your vows before all who are gathered here today and before the Lord. May God strengthen your union as you seek him, listen to his voice and follow him in obedience. May God bless you both with every good thing.” The pastor paused and grinned. “You may now kiss the bride.”
Caleb leaned over and they kissed. June closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling, trying to ignore the cheers of the crowd. This is one of the best moments of my life! All too soon it was over and he was pulling away. But now Caleb’s mine! This is only the beginning! She and Caleb held hands and turned towards the congregation. 
The pastor spoke, “I now introduce to you, Mr. and Mrs. Thiessen.” 
The people clapped and cheered as they walked down the aisle and out of the sanctuary. The potluck would be in the reception hall right away and that’s where the receiving line would be too. They had to be finished everything well before dusk so that everyone could get home in time.
June and Caleb and their parents stood in a receiving line just inside the reception hall. Everyone who came in would shake their hand or hug them. June knew she wasn’t going to like this part. As an introvert, handshakes and hugs, especially hugs, really weren’t her thing. At first, she smiled as the people passed by, trying to say something friendly and polite to each one. Then she figured that, “Thank you,” would pretty much cover it so she switched to saying just that. She strained to see the end of the line but she couldn’t. Her mother must have invited the entire church! At least smiling was not difficult. She was standing beside Caleb and he was hers!
Once everyone had passed through the line, she and Caleb could finally make their way to the table at the front of the room. Typically, she wouldn’t like being seated in front of everyone. But today…let them watch her eat if they wanted! She was married to Caleb! 
They were seated and the MC announced the procedure for getting food. The bride and groom got to go through the buffet line first.
June jumped up and grabbed Caleb’s hand. “I’m starving.” They walked to the food tables and grabbed plates. It was a truly odd mix of food. Everyone brought what they could so it ended up being quite an eclectic collection. There were many roasts and also processed foods; one bowl even held potato chips. Caleb raided that dish right away. 
“Eating chips for my wedding. This is heaven,” he said.
June giggled and took some of the chips too. 
Dinner passed quickly; there was a short program and then, finally, it was time for everyone to go home. It was still hours before dusk when Caleb and June walked from the church, hand in hand. 
“It must be nice to have the cast off,” June said.
“Yeah, I love it. Especially now that it’s getting warmer. It was so itchy.”
“So you only get one day off work?”
“Yeah. Is that okay? They said they really need me – you’re not sad about it, are you?” His voice was tender and so was his look when his brown eyes met her gaze.
“No. It’s okay. It’s kinda nice you work nights because we’ll get every afternoon alone together before Peter and my mom get home.”
“It’s good that we’ll mostly be sleeping different shifts, seeing as your bed is so small. I don’t know how the two of us would fit.”
June giggled and looked up at him. “I guess we’ll find out.”
“Are you nervous?” he asked.
“Yes. Are you?”
“A little.” He gave her hand a little squeeze. “But we have the rest of our lives to practice so…” he shrugged. June couldn’t stop another giggle from bubbling out. 


Chapter 11

June rushed about the house, looking for a suitable gift for her brother’s birthday. She didn’t even have a card to give him! She was in her room and her eyes drifted to a piece of artwork she had hanging on her wall. It was duct-taped on canvas. She had made it as an inspiration for one of her stories. There were two red splotches on it and a red language symbol. One of the red objects was fire –she wasn’t sure what the other one was. The symbol meant “It’s coming” which went with her story. 
But, for her brother, that message would be important to him right now in his life for a different reason. She liked the piece a lot but she knew it would be the perfect thing for him. She grabbed it from the wall and took wrapping paper from the closet. Yes, this will be perfect.
The scene shifted. A new reality replaced what she had just experienced. A story played in her mind like a movie as she slept. Somehow, now, she knew she was dreaming. In the dream, the perspective was from the younger brother’s point of view. His sister had left on a snowy winter evening. His mother had sent him to fetch her back home. Where was she going in such weather? He saw the figure of a young woman ahead of him. He raced to catch up with her. She was walking so quickly and was much bigger than he was.
“Sister! Where are you going?” he shouted into the wind.
She turned back to see him. “Brother!” she said joyfully. “How pleased I am that we shall get to say goodbye and you shall meet him! Come on!” She never slowed her pace. He strained to keep up as the storm worsened. Soon they saw a light in the distance. “There it is. Hurry now.” They walked quickly through the snowy darkness and soon came to the train station. “He is waiting for me here.” She swept through the door and a cloud of errant snowflakes came with them. There, on one of the benches, sat a man he had never seen before.
“My beloved!” his sister cried and rushed into his arms.
“Darling! How good it is to see you and to finally be able to take you away with me.” The man was wearing gaudy, outlandish clothing. He had a big nose and his mop of brown wavy hair was too long. He was also much too old to be marrying his sister.
The seriousness of the situation suddenly dawned on the boy. He would not be taking his sister home.
“Sister?” He stepped towards her.
“Oh, dear Brother, you must meet him. This is my betrothed!”
The tall man approached. “Hello there. Don’t worry; I’ll take good care of your sister.” The man seemed like a strange but kind grandfather.
They heard a train pull up at the station. “It’s time to go, My Love.” His sister took the man’s hand and pranced away. 
At the open door of the train, she turned back. “Tell Mother I love her.” And then she was gone.
The brother felt as though he had failed. Failed to save her.
It was five years later when his sister came back to that very same station. The man had died, leaving her with nothing but a mountain of debt and a small child. She tried to go home but her father wouldn’t take her back. Then she came to her brother. He was a young man now and just recently married. She showed up at his door, bereft and tear-streaked. He and his young wife didn’t have much. And he had a feeling that his wife would not be pleased if he took his sister and niece in. But what else could he do? 
The dream faded and June came to herself. It was light out – morning. She heard Caleb moving around in the front hall. He must have just arrived home. June got up and went out to greet him.
 “I had the weirdest dreams last night, Caleb. In one of them, I gave a piece of artwork to my brother… only I don’t have a brother.”
“And you don’t make artwork.”
“Yeah…and it was made of duct tape and had some kind of weird symbol on it.”
“That’s weird art work. What kind of symbol?”
“I don’t know. It was Japanese or Chinese or something. In my dream, it meant ‘it’s coming.’”
“You could look it up on an online translator.”
“What for?”
“Just to see if there is a symbol that look looks like the one in your dream that means something like that.”
June had to admit she was curious. “Do you think the dreams meant anything?”
“I don’t know. Usually dreams are just dreams but sometimes…”
“Yeah. And these were weird and vivid.” June pulled open her laptop and opened up Google Translate. She typed in “it’s coming” and translated that to Japanese. The translation was more than one character. Hmm…She tried translating it to Chinese (simplified) and then Chinese (traditional). They were both also more than one character. She squinted at the characters on the screen. One did seem familiar. Was that the symbol from her dream? She copied and pasted it into the other side of the translation area. Then she translated that symbol back into English. It had several meanings including, ‘come’ and ‘incoming’. It did seem like the right symbol though. She tried ‘come’ in Japanese. The exact same symbol was displayed! Hmm…that was certainly it. But did her dream mean anything?
She looked up from her computer at Caleb. “It means come or incoming or something like that, depending how it is used in the sentence, I guess.”
“The same symbol from your dream?”
“I’m not totally sure. Many of those symbols look very similar to me. And you know how, in dreams, things are sometimes a little fuzzy? But, as soon as I saw it, I felt like I recognized it.”
“Weird.”
“Yeah. I’m going to make that piece of art.”
“Really? And then what?”
“Hang it up in our room.”
“I think that’s cool.”
“Thanks. I’ll need a narrow canvas and duct tape and something red. Either paint or red tape or something.”
“I think we have some duct tape in the pantry. But, as for a canvas, I don’t know where you’d find something like that these days.”
“I’ll advertise on stienbachonline.com. Maybe I can trade something for a canvas.”
“I wonder if we should pray about it,” Caleb suggested, “to find out if these dreams are from God – if they mean something.”
“That’s a good idea.” June went and sat down on the couch.
They closed their eyes and Caleb prayed, “God, are these dreams from you?”
They waited in silence for a few moments. “I think so,” said June finally.
“I think so too.”
“But what do they mean?”
“Let’s pray and ask.”
“Okay. You pray again.”
They closed their eyes and Caleb prayed. “God, what do these dreams mean?” They waited in silence again for a few minutes.
“I’m not sure what it means. But I think I am supposed to make that poster and maybe it’s supposed to be the cover for my next story and that’s what the title should be: ‘It’s Coming’.”
“Yeah, that seems right. And maybe this is something we’re supposed to remember. Something for the future. Maybe He’s going to tell us later.”
June nodded. “It’s funny but…I feel excited. God is talking to us, so that must be a good thing, right?”
“Totally.”
“I’m going to go post that ad right away. I can’t wait to get started on this project. I wonder what kind of story this will be?” Caleb went to bed while June started her workday. 

***

That evening, after they had eaten supper, her mother stood up while the rest of them were still seated around the table. “We have an announcement to make. Peter and I are getting married.”
June didn’t know what to say. It just seemed so sudden. They hadn’t known each other for very long.
“Congratulations,” said Caleb. He shook Peter’s hand and then her mom’s. June knew her mom would have preferred a hug but Caleb wasn’t big into hugs, other than hugging June. 
Her mother was looking at her expectantly. “Congratulations.” If there was more expected of her, June didn’t know what. She finished her food, feeling her mother’s eyes on her. They didn’t even know if her father was dead, for certain. Sure, they were legally divorced but…June never expected her mother to get remarried. Deep down, she had always hoped that, maybe, her parents could get back together. She looked up to see her mother and Peter exchange a look. She had nothing against Peter. He seemed nice enough. And June had to admit, she wasn’t a kid anymore. She was already married herself. So why shouldn’t her mother be happy too? But the logic didn’t carry down into her heart. 
Caleb stood up from the table. “Well, I’d better be getting to work now. Come say goodbye to me, June?”
June followed him to the front hall and watched him put on his shoes. He stood and she put her arms around his neck. “Goodbye. I love you, Caleb.”
“I love you too, June.”
She pulled away, expecting him to leave. But he just stood there, looking uncomfortable.
“You’re not happy about your mom getting married?”
“I said congratulations.”
“But that’s all you said. And you didn’t look it.”
June sighed. “I guess I have daddy issues.”
Caleb took her hands in his. “Maybe you should pray about that with your Mom this evening. I think her getting married is a good thing. These are such crazy times. We want her to be happy.”
“Yeah. I do want her to be happy. I guess it makes sense their getting married. I should have realized sooner. They get along really well and, lately, they’ve always been smiling at each other.”
Caleb put his hand on the doorknob. “Are you going to take some time to pray with your mom this evening?”
June nodded. “I will.”
When Caleb left, June went back into the kitchen to help with the clean up. “Where’s Peter?” asked June, joining her mother at the sink. 
“He went into his room so that we can talk alone.”
“I’m sorry, Mom, for not acting all excited. I was just…surprised.”
“Just surprised?” Her mother was slowly washing the dishes. June grabbed a dishtowel. Her job was drying and putting away.
“I don’t know. I think I need you to pray with me. I think…I have daddy issues or something.” June shrugged. She didn’t particularly like talking about her feelings, especially when she felt so messed up inside. 
“Sure, I’ll pray with you. I didn’t want to upset you but I thought maybe you would be okay with it, now that you’re married to Caleb.”
“I am okay with it…well, my brain is anyway. My heart is weird. I don’t even understand what goes on there half the time.”
After they finished the dishes, they sat down on the couch. 
“So… I think I have a right to know. Why did Dad really leave?”
Her mother sighed and looked down. “He found someone else. She was younger, prettier, thinner. He said she didn’t boss him around.” Her eyes filled with tears. “He said he was through with me. I never tried to win him back. He was determined to go so I just let him. As soon as I found out he had cheated on me, I knew it was over.”
“Why didn’t you tell me this before?”
“I didn’t want to burden you with the details. I didn’t think it would help. I thought… well, I thought he would still want to see you. I was surprised when he cut off all contact.”
“I guess he was through with me too,” said June quietly.
“It wasn’t your fault, June.”
“I know that with my head but, in my heart, I keep thinking, ‘Why didn’t he want to see me?’ I must have done something wrong- something to cause him to not want to see me anymore.”
“The problem was with him, June, not with you.”
“Mom, can you pray with me? I think I need God to fix me inside.”
“Okay…How do we begin?”
June sighed. “I think I have to start by forgiving him. But I’m really mad at him and…well…he’s probably dead anyway.”
Her mother was quiet for a few moments. “I’m not sure what to say. I found it really hard to forgive him. But I did…finally. I prayed and asked for God’s help to do it.”
“I guess that’s what I need to do.” June closed her eyes. “God, please help me to be able to forgive my father.” Immediately, she saw a picture of her father in her mind. It was dark; he was huddled against some trees. He was afraid and alone. When he looked up at the moon, June saw his eyes – black. June’s eyelids snapped open and a wail escaped her lips. “I saw Dad! He’s…” She stared at her mother, wide-eyed. “I forgive him; I forgive him.” She closed her eyes as the tears came. “I forgive you, Daddy.” June hugged herself as she rocked, sobbing.
“He’s what?” asked her mother, urgency in her voice.
Tears strained June’s voice. “He’s alone and afraid and…overcome by darkness.”
Her mother gathered her into an embrace and wept with her. “I’m sorry, June.”
“Mom, could you pray for me that Jesus would speak His truth to me? I just…it’s too sad, Mom.”
“Dear Jesus, please show June your truth about this situation.”
June heard words in her mind. “You can save them.”
She opened her eyes, her mind reeling.
“What?” asked her mother, looking at her in concern.
“’I can save them.’ That’s what I got. That I can save them.”
“Save who? Your father?”
“Those who have been overcome by darkness, maybe? I don’t get it.”
Her mother shook her head. “Should we pray again?”
“Yeah. I need clarification. Maybe I’m not hearing right.”
“God, I thank you that you speak, that you love us, that you’re taking care of us. Please speak your truth into June’s heart and mind right now.”
June closed her eyes. This time she saw a picture. A man stood beside her. It was dark all around. He took her hand and looked at her with kind eyes.
“We’ll do it together.”
June opened her eyes. “I saw Jesus. I think he was telling me that…he’s going to be with me.” Tears filled her eyes. She felt overwhelmed but not sad. “I know it’s going to be okay because Jesus is going to be with me.”
Her mother hugged her. Everything was going to be okay. Because she had Jesus. Jesus was with her. Really with her. She cherished the memory of seeing him.
As she went to sleep that night, June had come to a place where she could feel happy for her mother’s upcoming marriage. Thank you, God, for healing me.

***

June woke up to the sound of someone throwing up. She hurried out to see what was going on. The bathroom door was open. June stood in the hall watching Caleb retching into the toilet. Her concern for him kept her eyes glued on his hunched-over form.
“Caleb, what’s wrong?”
He stood shakily to his feet. “Now I know what that poster you made meant. Incoming.” 
 “Caleb, what happened?” 
“I’ve only had to fire warning shots before.” He rinsed his mouth with water and swiped his hand across his eyes where tears were forming. “I shot people,” he whispered.
“What?”
“I need to sit down.” Caleb stumbled from the bathroom to the couch. “People have come around before. Guys with no family and no legitimate business in the city. We shot at them. But we never hit them. We were just scaring them away. This time, it was different…”
June sat down beside him and took his hand. “Caleb, what happened?”
We were cooking venison so we almost didn’t notice them in time. They were crazed, like animals, trying to climb over the barricade. When we fired warning shots, they didn’t care at all. They weren’t afraid. They just kept coming. Then we saw what they were.”
“Nightwalkers?”
Caleb nodded. “Their eyes were all black. And the way they acted…it was like they weren’t human any more. Only…I know they were. And I killed them all. My partner was too freaked out to do anything. But they were climbing. They would have gotten in. I had to do it, June. Or we would have lost everything. If the infection gets into the city, who will be able to survive?”
She clung to Caleb, unable to slow her own onslaught of tears. June wanted to tell him that it was okay, that he had done the right thing. But Amanda was out there. The people he had killed were someone’s friend, brother, sister, mother, father. She couldn’t stop crying.
“Please don’t hate me, June.”
“I don’t hate you. I just…wish there could have been another way.”
“Me too. I don’t think I can do that again. Afterwards…they burned the bodies. They didn’t want the infection to spread so they burned them where they had fallen. I need to get free from these thoughts in my head. I need to go to church.”
“Now? There’s nothing going on there now.”
“The prayer room’s open and I need to pray. I need someone to pray with me. There’s got to be a way to keep them away from the city without killing them.”
“Okay, I’ll come with you.” It was early in the morning and still only May so she grabbed her jacket. 
They stepped outside. The air was chilly but the sun was shining brightly. June locked the door behind them and they started walking at a fast pace in the direction of the church. When they passed the highway, Caleb never even looked towards the guard tower. He was walking so quickly that soon June’s legs started to burn. But she didn’t say anything. The tortured look on his face hurt a lot more. In a little over half an hour, they came up to the back door to the church.
Caleb hesitated with his hand on the handle. “My supervisor said I did the right thing. He said I did what was necessary and that I shouldn’t feel bad but…Do you think God’s going to forgive me?”
“Yes, of course. God forgives everyone who asks. Remember, the Bible says, ‘If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.’”
Caleb pulled open the door and they went into the church. It was quiet and the building was only lit by the natural light flooding in through the windows. The church was load limited too, so they couldn’t run all the lights at the same time. They walked towards the prayer room. Once they neared the office area, they saw activity inside. Good. There would be someone to pray with Caleb.
The lights were on in the prayer room and soft music played from the speakers at the front. There were a few others in the room, praying. Caleb collapsed into one of the rows of chairs. Then he knelt down, weeping, onto the seat of the chair. June hesitated, not sure quite what to do. Just then, one of the pastors walked into the room. He stood near the entranceway, looking at Caleb. 
June went up to him and spoke quietly, “My husband needs help.”
The pastor nodded. “Let’s pray with him together.” He went and sat down next to where Caleb was praying. “Do you want to pray with me in one of the personal ministry rooms?” he offered.
“Yes.” Caleb stood up to follow the pastor. When they got to the smaller room, Caleb told him everything he had told June. 
The pastor looked shaken. “And what do you feel should happen now?”
Caleb wiped the tears from his face and looked down. “Well, I’ve repented but…do you think God can forgive something like that?”
“Caleb, I declare to you, now, that you are totally forgiven. The Bible says that ‘If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.’ You are forgiven. ”
Caleb nodded, tears streaming down his face. “But I can’t work for the militia anymore. I can’t do that again.”
“I understand,” said the pastor. “Should we pray and ask for next steps?”
“Yes.” Caleb folded his hands and closed his eyes. 
“Jesus, what do you have to say to Caleb right now? Do you have any next steps for him?”
June thought she should probably close her eyes but she was just staring at Caleb instead. Her young husband – it was like he was broken inside. She felt so concerned for him.
Caleb nodded. “I think I’m supposed to quit the militia. And…help people instead.”
 “You could volunteer at the church – help distribute food to the poor. We can’t pay you anything, but we can give you food if you’re in need.”
“Okay, thank you. How can I get started?”
“What we really need is to get food from outside the city. What we have here is running out. Some people have been able to find game just outside Steinbach. We’re like a city under siege. Soon there won’t be anything left.” 
“I can do that.”
“We have no gasoline left and only a few horses. We suggest that you go out on a bike and phone if you manage to shoot anything. Then someone will come out with the horse and cart to pick it up.”
At the mention of shooting, Caleb swallowed hard. “Okay.”
“The most important thing to remember is that you need to be back before dark.”
“Right. I get that. I can do this. I’m going to start right away.”
“But Caleb, you’ve been up all night,” June protested. “Maybe it would be better to start tomorrow?”
“I wouldn’t be able to sleep anyway.” Caleb stood and turned towards the pastor. “Thank you for praying for me and for this opportunity.” They shook hands. 
As they walked across a field on the way home, June spoke up, “I want to come with you.”
“Okay. My bike’s still at the city farm. I’ll go there to pick it up. Then I’ll swing by your place.”
“Okay.”
June hurried home. She found her bike and helmet in the garage. The front tire was a little flat. After hunting around for a while, she found the bike pump. By then, Caleb was there.
“Here, let me do that for you.”
“Thanks.” She handed the pump to Caleb.
“I phoned in my resignation.” He leaned down and fastened the hose of the pump to the valve on the bike tire.
“How did they take it?”
“They said they were treating it as a one-month stress leave and that they would still pay me the $50 at the end of the month.” Caleb pumped the tire up to full.
“That was nice of them.”
“West Gate had a major zombie attack yesterday, too. But North and East Gates didn’t. North gate only had to shoot a few and there weren’t any at the East Gate.” He unfastened the pump hose and screwed the lid back onto the valve.
“Random?” asked June.
“Maybe not. At both the South and West Gates, we were cooking meat but, at the other gates, we weren’t. They figured maybe the smell of food attracted them more. So now the militia will only roast meat during the day or in the inner city, away from the gates.” He placed the bike pump on a shelf.
“So, if you went back to work, you might not have to shoot anyone?”
“Might not. June…I really am through with the Militia.”
June nodded. “Okay.”
“Here. Your bike’s ready.” He went inside and came back with his rifle. “Let’s go.” 


Chapter 12

When they reached the south city checkpoint, the militiamen there knew Caleb.
“Are you sure you want to go out?” asked one of the men as he wrote down their information.
“Yup,” said Caleb. “I’m going hunting.”
“Zombie hunting?” asked one of the guys.
The other militiaman elbowed him. “Don’t be an idiot. Zombies only come out at night.”
June felt sick the way they were joking about it. Amanda and her father were out there somewhere. “Zombies…they’re people too, you know.”
“Right.” The man nodded and exchanged a smirk with his friend.
The other militiaman glared at him. “Seriously, stop being an idiot. They are people. At West Gate yesterday, Tim had to shoot his own cousin. He was only a teen, used to live in Steinbach. Got changed at that dance in Ste. Anne.”
Amanda might come back, too. But if Caleb had shot her, would he have said? As they walked their bikes though the maze of curbs leading away from the city, she asked him, “Did you recognize anyone you knew?”
Caleb shook his head. “No. You’re worried about Amanda, aren’t you?”
“Yeah. It’s just so frustrating because there’s nothing we can do for them.”
Caleb side-hugged her as they walked. “We can pray for them.”
“Yeah. Caleb, would you pray? I feel such a heavy weight on my heart.”
“Sure. I’ll pray.” He closed his eyes for a brief moment and then looked up into the sky. “God, please help Amanda and the others who have been overcome by darkness. Please keep them safe and save them. Please show us what to do. Amen.”
“Thank you, Caleb.”
They got on their bikes and started to pedal. The sun shone down on them and the wind whipped past their faces as they zipped down the highway on their bikes. June hadn’t done anything but walk in such a long time, she had almost forgotten what it felt like to go so fast.
“This is fun!”
Caleb grinned at her. The strain was almost completely gone from his countenance. 
They had been riding for about ten minutes when she saw something in the ditch at the side of the road. Two black goats! A big one and a little one. She slowed. Caleb had seen them too. He came to a quiet stop. June stopped beside him.
Caleb took off his bike helmet and leaned over to June. “It’s not in anyone’s yard so I think it’s fair game. What do you think?”
“Totally fair game,” June whispered back.
“Caleb took aim with his rifle and then hesitated. “Maybe I can catch the mamma goat instead. She’s probably tame – at least not gone totally wild. I think it would make more sense to bring them back to Steinbach alive.”
June nodded. Caleb lowered the rifle and slowly pulled off his backpack. He unzipped it and pulled out a rope. June stayed by their bikes and Caleb approached the pair. The mamma goat shied away at first but, in less that ten minutes, he had a rope around her neck.
 “You got her!” 
Caleb tied the goat to a nearby fence post. “This was too easy. I’ll call it into the church.”
After he made the call on his cell, they pulled their bikes over to a stand of trees at the side of the road. Then Caleb unfastened the rope from the post and pulled the mamma goat over to where June was sitting. They sat in the shade while they waited for the transportation to arrive. It was deliciously warm and the light breeze brought the scent of fresh green things. June leaned her head against Caleb’s shoulder and closed her eyes. She wasn’t sure how much time had passed when Caleb nudged her. 
Sleepily, she opened her eyes. She looked passed his pointing finger to the field across the highway. In amongst the trees were deer. Caleb put the rope into her palm and mimed holding on tightly. June wrapped the rope around one of her wrists and held onto it with both hands. Caleb shuffled away from her and picked up his gun. Slowly he knelt, with one knee on the ground. He steadied his elbow on the other knee and took aim. The deer kept eating, seemingly unaware of their presence. Caleb raised the rifle. A sharp bang rang out. June was surprised at how loud it was. The goat jumped away, yanking June onto her side. 
“It’s okay,” she said to the goat. Once it perceived that it wasn’t hurt, it stopped pulling.
June looked across the road to see the deer bolting away. But one of the animals only made it a couple of metres before it staggered to the ground. The fallen animal tried to get up again. 
“I have to finish it.” Caleb took aim again. She held on tightly as another shot rang out. The mamma goat lurched again and the little one cried out. But again, she only strained against the rope for a moment. Then she eyed Caleb suspiciously. 
Across the road, the deer was on the ground, twitching. Then it lay still. “I’m going to field dress it and then I’ll pull it to the edge of the highway. It’ll take about half an hour.”
“Field dress it?”
“Yeah…you need to cut the guts out right away so the meat doesn’t go bad.”
“Cut the guts out? Ewww!”
Caleb laughed. “You get used to it.”
“Uhmm… Do you need my help?” asked June, hesitantly. She really didn’t want to help.
“Nah. You can wait here. Just hold onto the mamma goat and keep an eye out and shout to me or if you see any predators or other people out here.” He bounded across the road to the fallen deer. He grabbed a stick and poked it on the face to make sure it was dead. The deer didn’t move. Caleb bent down and struggled to position the deer on its back. Then he pulled a short knife from a sheath at his hip and knelt beside the hind end of the deer. June didn’t watch more. She liked meat but she liked to think that it came from grocery stores, not from animals. But this is the new way of things, I guess. She kept a look out like Caleb had asked.
“How are you doing, Mamma Goat? I hope they let you live.” But Mamma Goat did not look at all pleased. After a while, she went back to grazing and the little one suckled. 
When Caleb stood up, the movement caught her attention. She watched as he struggled, dragging the animal across the field, through the ditch and up onto the shoulder of the highway. She was amazed that he had so much stamina. 
When he came back, he was breathing heavily. 
“Good job, Caleb! Now the poor will have lots to eat!” She tried not to look too horrified. He had blood on his hands and arms and smelled like sweaty deer. Just then, they heard the clip-clop of horses’ hooves. 
A young man had come with two big black workhorses and a wooden cart, lined with a green tarp. 
Caleb approached the man. “I’m Caleb.” He shaded his eyes, looking up at the man who was seated on the wooden bench in the front of the wagon.
“I’m Tom.”
“Nice horses. Did you get that cart from the Mennonite heritage museum?” 
“No. It’s mine. I used to give sleigh rides in the winter and wagon rides in the summer - to the kids and at special events. I’m still giving rides. Only now what I do is even more important.”
Caleb nodded. “It’s great that you’re helping out like this.”
“The church has been very good to us. They found a place for my parents and me to stay when we had to come in from the country.”
Tom stepped down from the cart and pulled a pail of water down with him. “Here, I brought some water so you can wash up.”
“Thanks!” Caleb knelt beside the pail and scrubbed his hands and arms in the water. After he was finished, he dumped the bucket into the ditch. Then Caleb showed him the goats and the deer.
“You got two live goats and a deer? And in so little time? Good for you! Well done!”
“I think God was blessing us,” Caleb replied.
“Yes, I’m certain of that,” said Tom. “God has given us one blessing after another.”
Tom led the mamma goat to the cart. He and Caleb lifted struggling Mamma into the wagon. It took them a few tries to wrestle the wriggling animal up into the cart. The baby goat practically leapt in after her; Caleb only had to give the little goat a boost up. Once the mamma goat had been tied up in the front of the cart, Tom drove to where the deer lay on the edge of the highway. Caleb helped Tom heave it up into the cart. 
Tom climbed up into the cart. “Thanks for your help, Caleb. We really appreciate this.”
“No problem.” Caleb and June mounted their bikes. They rode a little ways behind the cart. When they got to the gate, the militiamen waved them through. June and Caleb followed Tom’s cart all the way back to church. 
They dismounted their bikes at the front entrance and Caleb turned to look at her. 
“I’ve been thinking. Maybe there is something we could do. While we were riding back, I had a weird idea. Let me go get washed up and then I’ll tell you about it.” June followed Caleb into the cool, dark interior of the church. 
June rested in a leather chair, in one of the decorative alcoves, as she waited. The pastor who had prayed with them earlier noticed her. He smiled and came to sit with her. 
“Back already?”
“Yeah. We got two goats and a deer.”
“Wow! He is a good hunter!”
Just then, Caleb came out of the bathroom and walked over to join them. He sat down. “I have an idea.”

***

The church was right beside the West Gate. After hearing Caleb’s idea, the pastor agreed right away. The church wanted to do anything it could to try to help those who had been affected by the contamination.
It was several hours before dusk when Tom hitched two large workhorses to a long, enclosed trailer that had been loaded with some roasted meat. June’s stomach gurgled as she realized that she hadn’t eaten since morning.
“Will they be able to pull that?” asked Caleb.
“These horses can pull almost anything.” He rested a hand on the closest horse for a moment. “I hope your plan works. I’ve got nephews out there somewhere. There’s got to be another way besides shooting ‘em.”
Caleb excitedly explained his plan again. “We’ve found out they’re drawn to the smell of food. So, if they smell food away from the city gate, that should keep them away from the city.”
“I’m glad we’re trying something. If this works, you’ll be a hero. At least to me.” Tom finished hitching the horses; then he went up beside one of them to lead them forward. The trailer slowly rolled behind them. “There will be just time to get this set up before dusk,” Tom called back. A couple other people from church were going with him to set the trailer up about half a mile beyond the West Gate.
Caleb and June slowly walked back to where they had left their bikes. It had been a long day. She took his hand. They didn’t have to talk. It felt good to be comfortable with each other, comfortable with silence…and to have hope.
The next morning, when June woke up, Caleb was gone and there was a message on the whiteboard. He had been called into a meeting with the senior church staff and the government of Steinbach. June brought her laptop from her room and sat on the couch. Her mother and Peter had both already left for work so she was alone, except for Tiger who rubbed himself against her knee and forearm, purring and demanding attention. June worked on her story, then had a break and ate cookies from the second last pack they had left. It would be a sad, sad day when they were all gone. Then she decided to check the local news online.


Mennonite Heritage Village Becomes New Agricultural Centre

The Mennonite Heritage Museum has been has been a major icon of the Steinbach area for years. This picturesque tourist destination, which includes a pioneer village and antique farm equipment, has now become the new agricultural centre of Steinbach. The Mennonite Heritage Village owns several adjacent fields, which they farm annually, using horses and pioneer farming equipment. 

The government of Steinbach has commissioned them to farm other fields within the city’s boarders as well as several fields that lie just beyond the city limits. The crops being seeded this spring will be wheat and corn. The corn will be used primarily as feed for the animals in the city farms. The farmers involved in the project are very optimistic about the results. 

Dean Penner, who is a volunteer farmer with the Heritage Village each year, puts it this way, “Farmers were growing food long before they invented gasoline. We’ll do okay.” 

The windmill in the village is a functional mill and will be used to grind the wheat into flour in the late summer and fall. The museum also has different equipment for grinding grain, powered by animals or steam, that can be used if we do not get enough wind this harvest season. 

The mayor wanted to send this message: “The government of Steinbach is committed to supplying food to everyone living within our fair city. No one’s going to starve in Steinbach.” 


Good news but not that exciting, thought June.
The deadbolt rattled on the front door. June put down her laptop and went out into the hall. Caleb came in. He smiled and hugged her.
“So, how did the meeting go?”
“I think the food trailer set up did help. No one was shot at West Gate. There were several shot at the other three gates but no massive onslaught like when they were roasting meat at the gates.”
“That’s great news! So we just have to set up the same thing on the other highways leading to the city gates. Then we can prevent any more people from getting killed!”
“Yeah. Someone from the Steinbach government was really concerned about giving our food away when we barely have enough to feed ourselves but I promised that I would get the extra meat needed. I think they were convinced it would be feasible when they heard I was able to get two goats and a deer yesterday. The church said they’re going to put me in charge of the project.”
“That’s great! I’m so happy, Caleb.” Suddenly, she remembered the picture she had when she had been praying with her mother.
“What?” Caleb must have noticed the strange look on her face.
“Once ,when I was praying with my mom, I thought I heard, ‘You will save them.’”
“That’s interesting. Because now that you’re making enough money with your books to pay the taxes, I was wondering if you’d have enough time to partner with me in this project…I don’t think I can do this without you, June.”
“Of course. I want to do this with you. Then…we’ll be saving them.”
“Right! Let’s go check the trailer to see if they ate it all. That way, we’ll know how much meat to bring later. I need to go hunting today too but I thought we should do this first.”
“This is awesome! It’s actually going to be great to get out of the house and into the sunshine more.”
They got their bikes from the garage and soon they were pedaling towards West Gate. They took the city route so they wouldn’t have to ride on gravel. It was nice that no cars drove on the roads anymore. It made the city feel much more peaceful. And it definitely made riding on the road feel safer. 
When they got to the West Gate, the militiaman there took down their information. “Hey, are you the guy that thought up the putting some food outside in the trailer?”
“Yeah. Well…I think God might have given me that idea, actually.”
“Good plan. Seems like it worked.”
“Thank you.” Caleb and June walked their bikes around the maze of curbs protecting the gate. Then they rode the short distance to where the trailer had been set up. The opening was away from them. 
June followed Caleb around to the open side. She was about to walk past him into the open trailer when he pulled her back.
“June!” He hissed, backing away from the trailer, pulling her by the arm. 
“What?” At first she didn’t understand what his problem was. “You’re hurting my arm.” She stumbled a little as he yanked her backwards another step. Then she followed his gaze into the trailer. Three shadowed forms cowered inside. 
“They’re still in there,” Caleb whispered.
“What do we do?” asked June.
“My first thought was to run but now…I’m not sure. They’re scared of the light. I don’t think they can come out. And we read that it’s only transferred by direct contact so…I think we’re safe here.”
“But what are we going to do about them?” June moved so the sunlight wasn’t shining directly in her eyes. Now, she could see them better. She shaded her face with her hand. 
June gasped. “It’s Amanda!” June wailed. Then she shouted, “Amanda! Amanda!” The skinny, dirty girl in the trailer took a step towards June. June backed a step away. “Oh, Amanda, I’m so sorry. Amanda…I should have convinced you not to go.” Amanda continued to look in her direction. In the shadows, June couldn’t see her eyes but she knew. June turned and buried her face in Caleb’s chest as the tears flowed. Amanda was lost.
You can save them.
The words echoed in her mind. But Amanda…How could she save her friend? Call to her. Call her back to the light.
June pulled away from Caleb. “Amanda!” The girl in the trailer looked at June again. “Amanda.” She held out her hands to her. “Amanda, come back to the light.”
“June! What are you doing?” Caleb hissed, pulling her farther from the entrance of the trailer. “It’s okay, Caleb. I think I can save her. Don’t worry. I won’t let her touch me.”
Caleb shook his head. “No way. This is too dangerous.”
“Just pray for me okay? I think…what I heard in prayer…I can save them.”
“June…”Caleb shook his head again but folded his hands. He kept his eyes fixed on the shadowy forms in the trailer but his lips were moving - uttering a prayer. She felt more confident as she held out her hands to Amanda. June was still over five meters from the mouth of the trailer now so she didn’t feel she was in any real danger. 
“Amanda…we’re friends, remember?” June called. “Come on, Amanda. Come on out. It’s okay.” 
Amanda walked towards her and, to her surprise, so did the two other guys who had been hunched over in the trailer. “That’s good, Amanda. Keep coming. It’s going to be okay.”
Amanda walked out into the bright sunlight and the other two followed her. As the light hit her face, June saw her eyes. Completely black like there was a terrible darkness inside her. When they were only a few steps away from the shadows, all three of them collapsed to the ground.
“Amanda!” June lurched towards her friend but Caleb held her back.
“No, June! You can’t touch her or you’ll get it too!”
June sobbed as she watched her friend lying on the ground, writhing. Then Amanda began to seizure. June broke away from Caleb and skidded to a stop in the dirt beside Amanda. She moved the hair away from Amanda’s upturned face.
“It’s going to be okay,” she said softly. “It’s better to be in the light, Amanda. Now you don’t have to be afraid anymore. I love you, Amanda.” The seizing stopped and she lay perfectly still, black eyes open to the light but unseeing. “Amanda…” She sensed Caleb kneeling beside her. As she looked at Amanda’s face, the darkness dissipated from her eyes and her irises resolved to blue. 
June startled as a man lying nearby drew a ragged breath. Then she looked at Amanda. She was blinking and crying and reaching for June.
“June…” Amanda’s voice was raspy and faint. “You saved me.” June leaned down to hug her friend and looked around in amazement. The men who had been contaminated were okay too!
Caleb spoke from beside her. “It must have been the sunlight.” June turned to look at him from where she was kneeling, cradling Amanda. His face held deep relief. He slipped an arm around her shoulder, side hugged her and buried his face in her hair.
“Thank you, Jesus,” he whispered. His breath tickled June’s neck and she giggled.
Amanda sat up as they released the group hug. “It’s been a long time since I’ve heard the sound of laughter.” She smiled at June and blinked back tears. “I am so glad to be back.”
June helped Amanda to stand while Caleb helped the guys. The three of them were filthy and underweight but, otherwise, they seemed fine. She and Caleb walked their bikes so the others could keep pace with them.
“Do you remember anything?” asked Caleb.
“No,” one of the men replied. “I feel like I just woke up from a really long sleep. Last thing I remember was going out to get more wood. I live in the country.”
Amanda rubbed her temple. “I remember…fragments. Just small things. Running through the dark. Hungry. Scared.”
“I think I remember more,” said the other man. “It was…like a nightmare.” He looked down and didn’t say anything else. 
They were getting close to the gate now and June noticed that the militiaman was pointing his gun at them. They slowed down. 
Caleb put his hands up. “Everything’s okay,” he called in a level voice.
The militiaman motioned with his gun. He yelled, “You all stop right there. I was watching with binoculars. I’ve called for backup. What’s going on?”
 “I called them into the light and now…the darkness is gone,” said June. They stopped walking.
“What did you say to them? I saw them come out of the trailer. They were Nightwalkers, weren’t they?”
“They were,” Caleb called, “but now they’re not. Just look at their eyes. The darkness is gone.”
“I can’t see from here.”
“Use your binoculars,” Caleb suggested. 
The militiaman pulled a pair of binoculars from the guard station behind him. He scanned the men and then Amanda, who stood still, unblinking, letting the man get a good look at her eyes. 
“You wait right there. My supervisor’s going to be here any minute.” He spoke into a walkie-talkie but they couldn’t hear what he was saying.
Soon, armed men on mountain bikes arrived at the city gate. They dismounted and came to stand by the sentry at the gate. 
“It’s my supervisor, Gordon,” said Caleb.
“Caleb, what trouble have you got yourself into this time? You’re supposed to be on stress leave. Wasn’t it enough that you’re going to ‘save the zombies’ by leaving food out for them. What on earth is going on now?”
“Now we found the cure,” Caleb announced. “These three all had the sickness and now they’re fine.”
The supervisor exchanged quiet words with the sentry. “I’m coming out to take a look.” He approached the group, his hand ready on his gun. When Gordon was about two metres away, he looked the group over closely. “My guy says he thinks that they had black eyes when they first came out of the trailer. He said that, at first, the sunlight seemed to kill them but then they looked okay. So…did they really have black eyes?”
“Yes,” affirmed Caleb. “It was just like he said. They all fell down at first. I thought they were dead for sure. But then they started breathing again.”
“You all have a seat right there.” He motioned with his gun. June was glad to sit down; she just wished they could sit in the shade rather than in the bright sunlight, in the middle of the road. “I’m going to go talk to the government of Steinbach to decide what to do with you.”


Chapter 13

It was about an hour and a half later when Gordon rode back on his bike, along with a man in a white coat. They dismounted and approached the group.
“This is Dr. Rossberg. He’s our leading expert on the disease. He’s going to come and see if you’re okay.” Gordon held back.
Hesitatingly, the doctor walked towards them. “Stand up, please,” he called. He stopped five metres away. The group, overheated and tired, struggled to their feet. “If you’d all please touch your toes.” June sighed and touched her toes. Those around her did the same. “Now, draw a figure eight in the air with your fingertip.” June made an eight in the air. “Now, please stand on one leg.” They did so. “Now, sing our national anthem.”
“Wait,” called June. “Can we stand on two feet for this?”
“Yes, of course.”
“Is this some kind of twisted Simon Says?” asked Amanda. “Because last time you didn’t say ‘please’. Just saying.”
Caleb started singing ‘O Canada’ and they all joined in. June actually enjoyed the song, despite the situation. Standing between Caleb and Amanda, singing ‘God keep our land, glorious and free…’, gave her new hope. 
“Very good. Now order yourselves from tallest to shortest.” June wound up being last in the row. “Correct. Now please count by tens, starting with the shortest person and ending with the tallest and then continue on that way by 10s to 1000.
“Ten,” said June.
After that last test, the doctor came within arms reach of them. He looked closely into each of their eyes. “Yes, they’re all perfectly fine,” said Dr. Rossberg. “I want them to come to the hospital for some blood work.” 
They walked through the city gate. Caleb stopped near his supervisor. 
He put his hand on Caleb’s shoulder. “Well done.” He patted him. “When you’re ready to come back to work, just say the word.”
“Thank you. Oh…” Caleb looked at the position of the sun in the sky. It was already afternoon.
“What is it?” asked his supervisor.
“I’m not going to have enough time to set up food trailers beyond each of the city gates before dark.”
“I’ll see to that for you.” He patted him a final time. “I’ll have my guys do it.”
“Thank you.”
“Tom’s going to give you a ride to the hospital,” Gordon said.
Tom was standing at the back of the cart to help them climb in. “You’re a hero,” Tom said to Caleb. “When I heard, I could hardly believe it.”
“It was June,” said Caleb. “She called her friend out of the trailer and then rushed over to help her, heedless of her own safety. Just like that Bible verse says, ‘Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friends.’ June did that. And she saved them all.”
“You’re both heroes then,” Tom proclaimed. “Feeling privileged to carry heroes in my old wooden cart.” He helped June up into the cart and then Amanda. Tom flushed as Amanda gave him a winning smile. The men clambered in after them while Tom went to the front bench. 
 “I need to call my parents,” said Amanda.
“You can use my cell.” June pulled her phone from her pocket and squinted at the readout. “It still has a charge.”
“Thanks. My parents are going to be pretty surprised to hear my voice.”
June closed her eyes and leaned back, trying to relax. She tried not to eavesdrop as Amanda spoke to her parents. What an amazing, amazing day it had been! Jesus had helped her to save Amanda!
“Looks like we might be staying at the hospital for the night,” said Caleb. 
Amanda finished the call and handed the phone back to June. “My parents will be meeting me at the hospital,” said Amanda.
“I guess I should call my parents, too,” said June. She dialled home and quickly let her mom know what was going on. Then June leaned against Caleb and listened to the clip-clop of the horses’ hooves. 
She awoke with a start. “June, we’re here.” She stumbled out of the cart into Caleb’s arms.
“I hope they let us lie down, at least,” said Amanda. “This has been a loooonnnnngggg day.”
They went into the hospital. June blinked at the flash of a camera and tried to regain her focus. Another camera flashed.
“Is one of you Caleb Thiessen?” asked a loud voice.
“Were you zombies?” asked someone else. 
There was a crowd of about people waiting for them. Some were video recording them with cell phones or camcorders, and others had cameras and microphones. The crowd surged closer to them. June felt overwhelmed. 
“I’m Caleb.” He stepped forward and took charge. “We’re going to sign in. Dr. Rossberg asked us to report here. If we have time, we’ll sit down and tell you our story.” He stepped forward right into someone. “Excuse me. We’re coming through.” Caleb made the crowd part so that they could get to the desk to sign in. After they gave the lady at the desk their names, she pointed to chairs across the aisle way.
“You can all have a seat there,” said the woman at the desk, indicating the waiting area. “Dr. Rossberg will call for you.”
The five of them sat down and the swarm of reporters and reporter-wanna-bes moved in and crowded around them again.
“Now, one question at a time,” Caleb insisted.
“How did you know that the light would cure them?” someone asked.
“Jesus told me,” said June. “Once, when I was praying, he told me, ‘You can save them.’ And then when I saw Amanda in the trailer, he told me, ‘Call her back to the light.’”
“Wait…you hear Jesus speaking to you?” asked a women in the group.
Just then, the lady at the desk called, “Dr. Rossberg will see you all now. Please proceed through this door here.” She indicated the door just past her desk. June was relieved to leave the crowd behind.

***

Later that evening, just before June went to sleep, she surfed to steinbachonline.com on her phone to check out the local news. Did that crazed crowd write anything about them?
She read the first headline and then called to Caleb. “Hey, did you know we have a curfew now?”
“No. Does it say why?” He came to read the article with her.


Steinbach Imposes Curfew for all Non-Militia

The old adage, “Come home when the lights come on” isn’t just for children anymore. The government of Steinbach has issued this new bylaw after a young man, who was sitting outside at A.D. Penner Park after dark, became infected with the disease. The young woman he was with was able to get away and warn authorities who now have the situation under control. The man was shot and killed and his body was burned to prevent the disease from spreading. The name of the victim will not be released. 

It is believed that the man became infected when bitten by a mosquito. Dr. Rossberg, who works at the Bethesda Hospital, issued this statement: “If a mosquito bites an infected person and then that same mosquito bites someone else, the disease can be spread that way.” 

An aggressive larvaciding program has now been initiated. The government of Steinbach stresses that the chance of catching the disease through a mosquito bite is extremely low but urges all residents of Steinbach to comply with the new bylaw. Being outside after dark, for any reason, even on your own property, will result in a fine of $2000. 


June looked at Caleb. “I’m glad you’re working during the day now. That’s just so scary.”
Caleb nodded and hugged June. “I can only imagine how horrible that must have been for the girl.”
June scrolled down to the next article. There was a photo with this one. It was them!


Teens from Steinbach Discover Cure!

This morning when teens, Caleb and June Thiessen, went to check on the trailer that had been stocked with food and left beyond West City Gate, they expected to find it empty. It was not. What they discovered instead were three zombies who had been trapped inside by the dawning of the sun. 

The teens called to the zombies who subsequently came out of the trailer into the sunlight. The militiaman who was guarding West Gate at the time reported that the zombies appeared to die from exposure to the light. But then, in a few minutes, they recovered. The man said, “Then they just came walking to the gate, as normal as could be. I didn’t let them in right away though. I called my supervisor and then he called Doc. Rossberg.”

Doctor Rossberg gave this statement to our reporter: “I examined them thoroughly and am confident that the three who had been contaminated have been completely cured. I am bringing the group into the hospital to see if we can learn anything from blood and tissue samples. Now that they have been cured, they may be carrying immunity to the disease. It is certainly worth further study.”

When the Thiessens and the former zombies arrived at the hospital early this evening, they were met by a crowd of people who wanted to know what had happened. When asked how they knew that light would cure the zombies, June Thiessen replied that Jesus had told her. 

She said, “Once, when I was praying, he told me ‘You can save them.’ And then, when I saw Amanda in the trailer, he told me, ‘Call her back to the light.’” June was reunited with her friend, Amanda Kehler, who had contracted the sickness last month after attending a dance in Ste. Anne. 


“Caleb, look at this!” She showed him the article.
“Wow! They got that up fast.”
“They sure did. I look pretty dishevelled.”
Caleb laughed. “No one will care how you look.” He looked at the photo more closely. “And I think you look great!” He leaned over and kissed her neck.
June giggled and leaned away. “I wonder what people are going to think.”
“They’ll be happy because now there’s a cure.”
“Did I come across as crazy, saying I could hear Jesus?”
“Ah, let them think what they want about that. This is awesome news, June! We can save them!” He reached over and squeezed her hand.
Then they went to sleep on hospital cots, set up in one of the hallways.

***

Early the next morning, Dr. Rossberg came to see them. 
“Your blood work all came back normal. There’s nothing wrong with any of you. You’re free to go.” 
Amanda went to her parents, who had been sleeping in the waiting room. 
June took Caleb’s hand as they walked through the hospital. “Yesterday was a good day, but I’m sure glad not every day’s like that.”
Gordon intercepted them at the door to the parking lot.
“I have news.”
“What?” asked Caleb.
“I set up the trailers like you wanted. But we used sheds that could be dismantled instead so we could expose the zombies to sunlight. So, come sun up, my guys ripped the first shed apart. But it didn’t work out so well.”
“What happened?” asked Caleb.
“All the zombies died.”
“At all of the gates?”
“No. We only tried it once, at East Gate. So what’d we do wrong?”
“I don’t know. Maybe we should talk to Dr. Rossberg.”
They turned around and went back into the hospital. When they found Dr. Rossberg, Gordon explained the situation to the doctor. 
“Hmm…I believe, and this is just a hypothesis, mind you, but I think it’s probably the adrenaline.”
“Adrenaline?” echoed June.
“Yes, if the adrenaline in their body rises too high, it could react with the contagion in some manner so that, when the person is exposed to sunlight, at that point, the reaction is fatal.”
“So how do we know if their adrenaline is too high?” asked Caleb. “How can we prevent this from happening again?”
“The way you did it the first time, when you lured them out, they came out when they felt comfortable. But this second group - they were exposed to the sunlight without their consent. It must have frightened them, causing a flight or fight reaction and a release of adrenaline in their systems.”
Caleb nodded. “So, are you saying that if we use the technique that we did at first, no one else will die?”
“I can’t guarantee that for certain because different people might respond differently but, given the data so far, I certainly think it’s a lot less likely.” 
“Thank you, Doctor.” Caleb shook the man’s hand.
Caleb, June and the militia supervisor walked out of the hospital together. 
“I’m going to leave the calling out of the zombies to the two of you,” said Gordon. “Clearly, you’ve got the knack for it.”
Caleb nodded. “Thank you.”
The supervisor walked away, leaving June and Caleb looking at each other.
“What now?” asked June. “I’m starving.”
“Me too. But what about those people trapped in the sheds?”
Caleb had said ‘people’ not ‘zombies’. Because people was what they were. 
“We shouldn’t leave them in there too long,” said June. 
Caleb looked around. “Oh, yeah. Our bikes are still at West Gate.”
“We need our bikes. Maybe we can get food at the church,” June suggested.
When they got to the church, they saw Tom in the parking lot, hitching up his horses. 
“Good day,” he said in greeting. “The heroes return.”
“We’re planning to save some more people today,” said June.
“Only we need something to eat first. Do you know where we could find some food?”
“In the kitchen.” He motioned to the church with his head.
“Thanks,” said Caleb. They hurried towards the building. June’s calf muscles were burning from walking so far, so fast. And she was feeling worried. She didn’t want anything to happen to the other people trapped in the sheds outside the city gates.
“If you need anything, just let me know,” called Tom.
Caleb waved at him just before they walked through the large glass doors of the church. The scent of roasting meat and vegetables cooking greeted them.
“I don’t think I’ve ever smelled anything so wonderful,” said June.
They walked into the kitchen where three women and one man were working.
“Have anything to spare?” asked Caleb.
The four of them looked up. “Oh, my!” said a large woman, putting down the spoon she was stirring with. “You’re those kids from the news! You saved those folks who were infected!”
Caleb smiled. “That’s us.”
“Of course, we have food for you, My Dears. Just sit right down over there.”
June and Caleb shuffled around to one edge of the counter and sat down.
“What do you want to eat?” asked the man.
“Whatever you’re cooking smells fantastic,” said June.
One of the women served them each a massive bowl of soup, along with slices of warm roast. 
“Thank you,” said Caleb. They both focused on eating as fast as they could. In a few minutes, their bowls were empty, and Caleb had eaten all his meat. June gave him most of her meat too. Soon they were back in the parking lot, putting their helmets on.
“Let’s pray before we go,” suggested Caleb. June stepped towards him, took his hands in hers and bowed her head. He gave her hands a little reassuring squeeze before starting. “God, I thank you for this opportunity. Please keep us safe. We give ourselves into your hands, Lord. We need you. We can’t do this without you. Only you can really save anyone. And we ask that you would save those we are going out to help this morning.”
“Amen,” said June. She looked up into his face. “If God is for us, who can be against us?”
“Exactly.” He gave her a bear hug that lifted her off her feet. June giggled as all the air was squeezed out of her. Caleb set her down and they got onto their bikes. “Let’s go out the West Gate first, since it’s so close by.” June nodded.
When they reached the gate, they found the same suspicious man on duty that had pointed a gun at them yesterday. “You’re going out there?”
“Yup,” said Caleb.
“Planning to save some more zombies?”
“That’s the plan,” Caleb affirmed.
“I wouldn’t do it; that’s for sure. Be careful. Good luck.”
“Aren’t you going to take down our information?” asked June, holding out her photo id.
The man chuckled. “No need. I know who you are. Everyone knows who you are. You made international news with your ‘cure’. Hopefully, it keeps working. Heard the boss accidently offed some zombies. What, they get lit up too fast or something?”
“Something like that. The doc said they died because they were scared.”
“The zombies were scared. Well, that’s different. Anyways, good luck to you.”
When Caleb and June reached the trailer, they put their bikes down on the ground. It was still orientated the same way, with the opening facing away from the gate. 
“I wonder if there’s anyone inside?” said Caleb. He took June’s hand and they circled wide around. Then they stood about five meters from the opening, looking in, waiting for their eyes to adjust to the darkness inside. Finally, the shadows resolved themselves. Only one figure lay on the ground.
“Do you think he’s sleeping?” asked June. The large shadow moved. Then he stood.
“Not any more,” whispered Caleb. “How does this go again?”
“We call him out.”
“Hey there, Dude,” called Caleb. “Wanna come on out?” The figure didn’t move. “Maybe you’d have better luck,” he said to June.
“It’s time to come out!” she called in a friendly voice. “Come into the light. Feel the sun on your skin. You don’t have to be afraid in the darkness any longer.” June stepped towards the trailer. The man stepped towards her. “That’s right. Come on now. It’s really much nicer out here. You’ll see.” She stepped forward again with her arms reaching out to him. The man walked forward, hesitating just beyond the reach of the sunlight. “Come on. It’s okay,” she urged.
The man stepped out of the trailer. He was a young blond-haired man June didn’t recognize. June shuddered as his all-black eyes stared straight at her but she didn’t run. She didn’t want the man to get an adrenaline rush. The man walked towards them three steps and then fell. He rolled on the ground, moaning. 
“It’s only bad for a little bit and then you’ll feel better,” said June.
The man screamed and then went into convulsions. June and Caleb watched, still holding hands. June was crying. 
“Oh, God, please let him be okay,” she whispered.
The man stiffened, with one last cry. Then he was silent and still. June went a little closer and saw that his blue eyes were open. He blinked and then looked up at them.
“That was weird,” he said. Caleb grinned and pulled him to his feet. “What just happened?” asked the man.
“You were…” June considered for a moment… “sick,” she finally said. He probably wouldn’t appreciate being called a zombie. “It was contamination from the bombs.”
“One minute, I’m walking down the road in the evening. Then, just the very next second, I’m here, in broad daylight…I’m starving. How long have I been out?”
Caleb shrugged. “We don’t know anything about you.”
The man looked at June. “Okay, right. I’m Jordon.”
“I’m Caleb and this is June.”
“June. Thanks so much. I thought…I know this is going to sound silly but, when you were calling me…I thought you were my mother.”
June giggled, the tension flowing from her. “I’m just glad we could save you.” June and Caleb picked up their bikes and began to walk them back to the West Gate.
“Thanks…Where are we anyway?” asked Jordon.
“Steinbach.”
“Steinbach? Are you serious? That’s like a day’s walk from where I live. This looks more like a prison camp. You sure this is Steinbach?”
Caleb and June laughed. “It’s Steinbach,” said Caleb. 
“It’s safe here,” said June. “Do you know anyone in the city who could take you in?”
“My aunt lives in Steinbach.”
“We’ll take you to the church where you can get something to eat. From there, you can contact your aunt,” said Caleb.
“Thanks a lot.”
When they reached the city gate, the militiaman there glared at Jordon suspiciously but let them through without a word. 
When they reached the church, they all had a long drink from the cool water fountain. Then June and Caleb went back out to their bikes.
“Time’s passing more quickly than I would like,” said Caleb. “We have to save all the people that were trapped. But I was supposed to go hunting today, too. We need to get extra meat so that we can continue to reset the trap each night.”
June picked up her bike and paused, thinking. “We can’t do this alone,” she said, finally.
“Maybe we could ask the church for help.”
“Yes. And we could also try to recruit the people we rescue,” suggested June. 
“And we could put an ad on steinbachonline.com.”
“All really good ideas,” said June. “But, for now, let’s go save some zombies.”
“Right.” Caleb mounted his bike. “North Gate next. Then South Gate and then take a little rest at home before determining our next step.” 
June nodded and they were off to the next rescue.


Chapter 14

When they got to the North Gate, Caleb’s supervisor was waiting for them. “Finally. I was hoping you were still coming. Heard you had success at West Gate?”
“We did. There was only one in the trailer but he’s cured now,” said Caleb.
“Well done.” He gave Caleb a heavy-handed pat on the shoulder. “There are four in that shed. We’ve been keeping an eye on them.”
“We’re ready to help them now,” said June. “Let’s go, Caleb.”
“Do you need us to do anything?” called Gordon as they peddled away.
“No, thank you. We’ve got this,” said Caleb. They could see into the shed as they approached. When they were ten meters away, they got off their bikes and lowered them slowly to the ground. June took off her bike helmet.
“Hello there!” she called brightly. A sound between rumbling and murmuring came from the shadows. “It’s okay to come out now. Perfectly safe. We’ve already helped four people and now we’re here to help you.” She walked towards them a little and beckoned with both hands. June thought of the militiamen watching her but she tried to tune them out. She had to focus on the people she was trying to save, not on what the militiamen might be thinking. “God has not forgotten you. He sent me to help you.”
At that, one of the people inside walked confidently towards June, arms outstretched. Two of the others followed but the fourth one hung back. Three black-eyed women in tattered clothing strode out of the shed. They had not covered half the distance towards June before they fell, almost in unison. On the dusty highway, they writhed and cried out.
June took a step towards them. “It’s going to be okay; it really is. It will feel better in just a few minutes.” In a moment, all three of them were quiet and still. The shadow that had lingered in the shed seemed to be watching.
“That’s it then,” called one of the militiamen from the gate. “They’re dead. Happened just that way at East Gate this morning.”
Just then, one of the women took a deep, ragged breath. She sat up. The other two women also sat up. Their eyes were normal.
“You’re okay,” cried June. She ran over to them and embraced each of the stunned women. June didn’t recognize any of them. “I’m just so glad you’re all okay!”
Caleb looked at the man still in the shed. “What about him?”
June looked too. “I don’t know why he didn’t come out.” She helped the women to their feet. “Do any of you know him?”
The women stood shakily and looked into the shed. One of them leaned on June for support. “Is it a monster?” she asked, in a quiet voice. “I dreamed of monsters.”
“No. A person. Only he’s sick. But if he comes out into the light, he’ll get better, like you did,” explained June.
“I don’t know him,” said one woman. The other women shook their heads.
June tried calling to him again while Caleb helped the women to the gate where they could sit down. When Caleb returned, the man still stood stubbornly at the back of the shed. One of the militiamen had walked back with Caleb.
“I guess we just have to leave him there,” said June.
“But we can’t re-set the trap with him still in there,” Caleb mused. “We need to stock the shed with food.”
“He had his chance.” The militiaman unslung his rifle and fired before Caleb or June could react. The shadow in the shed slumped to the ground.
“No!” June sobbed.
“What are you doing?!” Gordon shouted, approaching them.”
“Solving the problem,” said the militiaman.
“You were not authorized to shoot! You’re on a 48 hour suspension starting now,” Gordon growled.
The militiaman looked angry but he didn’t say anything. He just turned and strode away. June couldn’t stop crying. She’d lost one. Gordon rubbed his forehead. “Now we’ll have to perform a cleanse to get rid of the disease. Get some gasoline,” he called back to the gate.
“You might not need to,” said Caleb. “Do you have this place rigged to be dismantled from a distance, like you had the other one?”
“Sure do.”
“The sunlight burns the disease away, right?”
The supervisor shrugged. “I don’t know…We’ll do a cleanse just to be sure. You head to the other gate to help the last group.”
Caleb took June’s hand. “Okay.”
Gordon walked with them back to where they had put their bikes down. “I’m sorry about this. Don’t be discouraged. You two are doing great. Is there anything I can do to help you out?”
They stopped. Caleb and June picked up their bikes. Then Caleb looked at his supervisor and considered for a moment. “Can you reset the traps with food? I didn’t go hunting today and, if I take from the church again, they might not have enough left to help the poor.”
“The militia will help you out again this time, Caleb, but this isn’t a military operation so we won’t be providing the food on a permanent basis.”
“Thank you. We’re going to try to get more help as soon as possible.”

***

By the time they reached the South Gate, it was early evening but there was still plenty of light in the sky. They showed the man on duty at the gate their id, then pedalled towards the shed that was standing in the middle of the highway.
“You ready to do this again?” asked Caleb, as they stopped about ten metres from the shed.
“Of course. You?”
“You bet. I think this is fun.” Caleb grinned. June couldn’t decide if he was joking or not. Is saving zombies fun? She did like saving people but she wasn’t sure ‘fun’ was quite the right word. The entrance to the shed faced them and June could see two people inside. 
“Hello,” June called. “We’re here to help you.” There was no response from those inside. They stood well away from the entrance. June tried again. “It’s totally okay. Come on out,” she said in a quieter tone. “Everything’s going to be alright. I promise.” The shorter of the two walked resolutely from the shed towards June but the other didn’t move. “It’s okay,” June called again. “You can come out too!” She motioned to the other one but to no avail.
A middle-aged woman stepped from the shed into the light. She was only one step from the shadows when she collapsed onto the ground with a shrill cry. The man who had stayed in the shed yelled aggressively when he saw her fall. He shouted and banged with his fists against the side of the shed. The woman lay still on the ground.
“It’s okay,” June called, trying to pacify him. “She’s going to be okay. It only hurts for a minute and then she’ll be alright.”
But the man continued to hit and kick the wall. June heard the sound of shifting metal. Before she or Caleb could react, the shed started to collapse. The man inside charged at them, fists raised. But he didn’t get three steps before he crumpled. 
The woman sat up, confusion in her brown eyes. June rushed to her and knelt on the pavement beside her.
“You’re okay, now,” June said, taking the woman’s hand.
The woman saw the man who had collapsed lying nearby. “What about my husband?”
“I don’t know,” June whispered.
The woman went to him and rolled him onto his back. “Dave? Dave? Wake up.” But the man didn’t stir. “His eyes are open but he’s not waking up.” Tears streamed down her face.
June looked over the woman’s shoulder. The man’s irises had resolved to blue. But he was dead.

***

The next morning, June awoke to the sound of light rain against her window. She opened her eyes and sighed. Morning. The air was a little chilly but she was warm, snuggled under the blankets with Caleb. She looked at him, lying so close to her in her single bed, still sleeping. June smiled. She moved closer and wrapped her arms around him gently, so she wouldn’t disturb him. 
On a rainy day like this, June wished she could just stay inside. The last two days had been hard. She was seriously wishing for a day off, to just sit around, watching movies and doing nothing. Those were the days. Things were easier back when they didn’t have so much responsibility. Even writing would be preferable to zombie rescue today. At least, they had been able to recruit help. June reached back to the nightstand for her phone. She turned it on and checked the time: 6:15. They said they’d be at the church at 9:00. She put the phone down. She could rest a little longer. June sent up a prayer. Lord, please grant us success today. Please, help everyone want to come into the light. May no one die today.
June felt an answering surge of sadness. Some don’t want to come into the light. She knew it was true. The two she hadn’t been able to save…It wasn’t her fault. But tears came to her eyes anyway.
Caleb stirred. He turned to look at her. “What is it?” he asked her quietly.
“I just wish we could do more.”

***

When they arrived at the church, just before 9:00, wet and in their rain gear, their six new recruits, including Amanda and Jordan, one of the men they had rescued, were already there. They stood waiting just inside the front doors of the church. Amanda walked quickly towards June and greeted her with a hug. 
“Thank you for letting me help with this, June. It really means a lot to me. Everything’s been different since I got back. I realize now that I’ve been wasting my life.”
The young women parted. June beamed. “You’re welcome. I’m really glad that you wanted to help with this. I’m so glad to have you back!”
Caleb explained to the group what would happen. Then they collected their bikes and rode out to the west gate. They were all going to go together at first, so the new recruits could see how it was done. This first day was training day. After this, two people would be assigned to each gate. That way, they wouldn’t have such terribly long days. 
When they reached the gate, the militia officer took down all of their information. “Good luck,” he called as they peddled away towards the trailer. The cold, gently falling rain had turned the dust into mud muddles. June’s pants were already soaked through. But the top half of her body was dry, protected by her waterproof jacket. 
When they reached the trailer, she took off her helmet and pulled up her hood so that she’d be able to see better. She peered into the dark opening from about five meters away. The light wasn’t as bright as it had been the other days. She strained her eyes to see.
“Wish we had brought a flashlight,” Caleb remarked.
“Is there anyone in there?” June asked.
“I think so,” Amanda replied, also peering into the gloom.
June started calling, even though she couldn’t see them. “Good morning. It’s time to come out now. You don’t have to worry; it’s totally safe here.” 
A group of three stumbled out. A man, a woman and a little girl who looked to be about eight years old. They hesitated for a moment in the rain and then began to walk towards June. With unnatural black eyes, they closed in. They were only a little over than a metre away when Caleb shouted.
“Run!”
As Caleb pulled at her, June realized with horror that they weren’t falling down. She couldn’t get her feet in motion fast enough because of Caleb’s tugging. June fell backwards. Amanda and the others ran towards the gate but Caleb was still pulling on her arm. The zombie family had almost reached her when the littlest one collapsed. The other two turned to look. Then they fell down too. June scrambled to her feet, her heart racing. They twitched and moaned on the ground. 
“It’s okay,” said June, trying to summon up a calmness that she didn’t feel. “It only hurts for a bit and then you’ll be okay again.” Slowly, Amanda and the others returned. June continued to encourage the three tortured people lying in the puddle. ‘It’s going to be okay. The light is making you better. Just hold on.” The woman looked at her, black eyes wide, face contorted in fear. 
“It’s taking longer,” said Caleb.
“Must be because it’s overcast,” said June. “But they’re going to be okay. It’s still working.”
The people on the ground stopped moaning,
“Are they sleeping?” asked Amanda.
“I don’t know,” said June. “Hey…are you guys okay?”
The man sat up and opened his eyes. They were still black. But, as she watched, the black faded away and the man’s brown eyes became visible.
“What happened?” he asked, with a thick German accent.
“You got the contamination sickness,” June explained. “But I think you’re okay now.”
The man looked at the two figures on the ground. “What about my wife and daughter?” he asked.
“Try to wake them up,” Caleb suggested. 
The man spoke to them in German and touched the woman’s face. She opened her eyes. They were blue. She responded to the man in German and then sat up. They spoke to their little girl and tried to rouse her. Finally, the child woke up, surprise in her blue eyes. June breathed a sigh of relief. She was okay, too.
They helped the little family to stand. The child was too weak so Caleb lifted her into his arms. June smiled. He would be a good father one day.
“Where are my other children?” asked the man.
“We don’t know,” said June. “How many others do you have?”
“Five more. All younger,” the man replied. “Maybe they are still at our home. I don’t even know how long we’ve been away from them. The youngest is just a baby.” 
The woman was crying. She spoke to him in German.
“I must go look for them now.”
“Here, take my bike. That will get you there quicker.” Caleb shifted the girl onto one arm so that he could point to his bike, lying on the highway. The man rushed towards Caleb’s bike, eager to find the rest of his children.
June followed to speak with him. “If they are infected, call them out into the light. If they come out into the light, it will burn the sickness out of them.”
The man nodded. “I understand. Call them into the light.”
“Make sure you’re back to Steinbach before dark. No one gets in after dark.”
“What time is it now?” asked the father.
“It’s probably about ten in the morning,” said June.
“Thank you.” The man held out his hand to her. She took it and he shook her hand solemnly. “Thank you for helping us. You will take care of my wife and child until I return?”
“I will make sure they are taken care of,” June promised. The man took off down the highway, pedaling rapidly.
As they walked back towards the gate, Amanda spoke, “I was scared there for a few minutes. That was freaky!”
Caleb was walking slowly, carrying the eight-year-old in his arms. “Yeah, they’re not usually that active when they come out. They usually fall down sooner.”
 “It must be because it’s overcast. Not as much of the sunlight reached them, so the effects took longer,” said June.
They reached the gate. The militiaman looked at the woman and then he motioned to the child. “I’ll need to see her eyes.”
The girl was already asleep. 
“You need to wake up now,” said Caleb. He gently lowered the child to the ground and helped her to stand up. Her mother supported her and spoke to her rapidly in German. The girl opened her eyes and looked up at the guard. 
He saw her blue eyes and nodded. “You’re clear to pass.”
They walked their bikes to the church, except for Caleb, who had given his bike away. The girl walked on her own, supported by her mother. 
“We’ll get you something to eat, here at the church,” June told them. 
After they had mother and child settled in at the church and June had spoken to one of the pastors about finding them somewhere to stay, they started for North Gate. Caleb borrowed a bike from a man who was working in the kitchen. The rain was still gently falling. June’s feet were wet and cold inside her runners. 
About ten minutes later, they slowed to a stop at North Gate. The militia officer there wrote down their names and then let them through. They peddled towards the shed. The shed wasn’t quite as deep as the trailer at West Gate, so it was easier to see inside. They stopped about ten metres away and put their bikes on the ground. Two shadows were moving in the shed. 
“Hello,” called June. The group approached the shed slowly. This time, they stood a little farther back as they called them out. “It’s time to come out into the light. Everything’s going to be all right. We’re here for you.” June held out her arms towards the two figures in the shed. These two didn’t hesitate. They walked out of the shed towards June. June began backing up but they were still getting closer. She moved back more quickly. The lead man suddenly sprinted towards her. June cried out in surprise as he careened into her and knocked her over.
Then he cried out in agony and began to seizure. June scooted away from him. In a minute, he was completely still. 
“Oh no! Are you alright?” She moved closer and turned the fallen man onto his back. But his eyes were still black. “He’s not okay.” She looked up at Caleb who was backing away with a horrified expression on his face. “What?”
“You’re eyes…June…they’re all black.”
Then, all at once, a wave of pain hit, knocking June to the ground. She cried out and grabbed her gut, which seemed to be on fire. The pain flashed to her head and she screamed. Then all she saw was blackness. 

***

June felt the rain falling on her face. She opened her eyes. The pain was gone. “What happened?” 
Caleb was cradling June in his arms. “You’re okay! Oh, June, I thought I’d lost you!” He held her close, burying his face in her hair.
June groaned. “Please help me up.”
Caleb lifted her up and set her on her feet. “Can you stand?”
“Yeah.” She steadied herself against him. “That hurt so bad. Remind me to stand MUCH farther back next time we do this.”
“Especially when it’s overcast,” Caleb added. 
She looked down and saw that the man was sitting up, looking confused. “He’s okay, too!”
It was then that June noticed Amanda had her phone out. She had been videoing the entire thing.
“Your phone’s all wet,” said June.
“It’s a waterproof case. That was so awesome! I’m going to upload this to my blog tonight. Everyone needs to see this! Everyone needs to know how to do this!”
June had to admit that Amanda had a point. It was pretty dramatic and, once the cure was widely understood, more people could be saved. And the people needed hope.

***

At dusk, just after they had arrived home, June and Caleb sat at the kitchen table, exhausted. Her mother and Peter had both already gone to bed for the night.
“Caleb, we need to recruit more people. We can’t possibly keep this up everyday.”
“I agree. And I think the militia should keep stocking the traps. It’s part of keeping the city safe now.”
“Do you think you can get Gordon to agree to that? He said he wouldn’t, twice already.”
“I think I should talk to the government of Steinbach. They’re the ones calling the shots. This is so important. We can’t call them out and stock the traps. We’re barely keeping up with calling them all out before sunset.”
“Are you going to write an email or try calling?”
“Email.” Caleb pulled his phone out of his pocket. 
June stood up and walked towards the bathroom. “I’m going to have a shower and try to get warmed up. I’m freezing.”
As the warm water flowed over her, June thought about the day’s events. What they were doing now…it felt so right. She was saving people. June closed her eyes. In her mind, she saw black-eyed children, huddled together, shivering and wet in a burned-out building. They need help too. Then she saw the ruins of Winnipeg, black eyes peering out from every dark shelter. June ran her fingers over her head and tried to push the disturbing image out of her mind. She and Caleb were doing all they could.
When she came out of the washroom, she found Caleb sitting on the couch, petting Tiger. 
The mayor got back to me already. He said that the militia will set up the traps and supply the food.” Caleb looked up and smiled when he saw June was wearing only a towel.
June smiled back. “I was thinking we should go to bed early tonight. We really need our energy for this kind of work.”
“Good idea.” Caleb followed her into the bedroom.
Chapter 15

Several days later, June’s mother sat down on the couch beside her. “I have something to talk to you about…Peter and I…we don’t want to wait any longer. We set the date for next week.”
“Okay. I’ll be there.” 
“I’ve decided to have just a very small wedding – just a ceremony – no reception,” said her mother.
“What happened to ‘People need a reason to celebrate’?”
Her mother smiled. “I love you, June. People still need a reason to celebrate, only everyone’s running out of food. A potluck just won’t work this time. And there’s no way we could provide food for the whole church. Plus, I want something different with Peter. I had a big wedding with your father.”
“Is Peter okay with it?”
Her mother laughed. “He’s just happy to be getting married.”
“Are you going to wear your old wedding dress, the one I wore for my wedding?”
“Yes, I think so. You don’t think it’s bad luck or something, do you?”
“I don’t really believe in luck.”
“No. I guess not. I just want everything to be perfect this time – with Peter.”
“He seems really nice, Mom. I don’t think you have anything to worry about.”
A week later, they were gathered in the chapel at their church. The audience was comprised of only Caleb and June and Peter’s family, the twenty-two people he had been living with at his uncle’s house. Her mother looked very young as she stepped up onto the stage beside Peter. They had written their own vows. Watching from the front row, June thought the ceremony was beautiful. She gave Caleb’s hand a little squeeze as tears ran down her cheeks. Her mother was beaming. June was glad to see her so happy. 
After that, everything seemed to settle down, in a good way, in their home. Her mother had Peter and she had Caleb. Life seemed almost perfect. June and Caleb worked the rescue operation during the days while June’s mother and Peter worked at the city farms. In the evenings, they often watched movies together or played board games. They had plenty to eat - fresh milk, eggs and meat every day. June’s books continued to sell very well so they didn’t have to worry about having money to pay the taxes. Life was good.
It was several weeks later when Caleb beckoned June into the backyard. They sat on a wooden bench on the deck. The sun was low in the sky but they still had a couple of hours before dark.
Caleb put an arm around her and drew her nearer. “What we do now…it’s the best. I feel like it’s…my calling. What I was made to do.”
June rested her head comfortably on his shoulder. “Me too.”
“And it’s so much easier than it used to be. Now that everything’s set up and we have so many other people trained… it’s like they could do it without us.”
June sat up and looked at him. “Well, that was the idea, right? So that we could take a couple of days off each week. We are still taking tomorrow off, right?”
“Yes. We’re taking the day off and going to church.” Caleb grinned and pulled her close again.
“Oh, good. I so need a day off.”
Caleb kissed her forehead and then was silent for a moment before he spoke again. “I was thinking about something, though.”
“What?”
“It’s good that we’re saving the people around Steinbach but what about everyone else? Who’s going to save them?”
June tensed and pulled away from Caleb so she could look at him again. “What are you suggesting?”
“I just…feel a burden for all those people lost in darkness.”
“Caleb, we’re making a life for ourselves here. We can be safe in Steinbach! I feel like I don’t like this idea of yours already!”
“June…It’s not just about staying safe. It’s…” He trailed off and looked out at the sunset.
She looked into Caleb’s sincere face and remembered the vision she had seen in the shower. A phrase sprang up in her mind, It’s about saving the world.
Caleb’s eyes locked with hers. “It’s not about staying safe. It’s about saving the world.”
June raised her eyebrows in surprise. The very same words she had thought! “It’s about saving the world,” she repeated. “But it wouldn’t be safe!”
“No. But maybe an adventure is more fun than ‘safe’ anyway.”
June considered what he was saying. You can save them. We’ll do it together. The words she had thought before echoed in her mind. 
Finally, she nodded. “Jesus will be with us. And, if we listen to him, he’ll help us.”
“Right.” Caleb grinned. “So…what are you saying?”
“I’m saying…let’s do it.”

***

The next morning, they went to church early so that they could talk to Tom. They had prayed that he would be open to working with them on this new adventure. Without horses to pull what they needed, they didn’t know how they would be able to do it. 
They saw Tom’s big black horses in the parking lot but they didn’t see him. So they went inside to look around. June and Caleb made their way past the people who were milling in the vestibule. They finally found Tom just outside the church library. June was surprised to see him laughing with some woman. Caleb waved and Tom waved back. The girl turned and June was shocked. It was Amanda who was flirting with Tom!
“June!” Amanda greeted her enthusiastically. “Guess what?”
“I don’t know. What?”
“Tom and I are getting married!”
June looked at the two of them incredulously. Isn’t he a little old for her? And they just seem so different…
Tom smiled sheepishly. “I already asked her father and he said it was okay.”
Amanda held up a ring with a large diamond on it. These were different times. Amanda really did need someone to protect her and Tom was very nice and hard working. They both looked so happy. They looked…in love.
June smiled. “Oh, Amanda, I’m so happy for you!” 
“Thank you!” She squealed and hugged June again. “My wedding will be in three weeks!”
“Three weeks! So soon!”
“There’s no time like the present,” said Amanda. “Will you be my maid of honour, June?”
“Of course! I’m sorry that you couldn’t be my maid of honour.”
“That’s in the past. I’m trying to leave all of that behind. Now we’re moving into the future. I feel like God has some really good plans for us.”
“I think so too.” June noticed that the guys had wandered off and were talking together seriously.
“What made you want to marry Tom?”
“The way he handles the horses, I can tell he’s a nice guy. And I’ve always wanted a horse, you know.” Amanda laughed lightly. “Now I’ll have two. He’s already introduced me to them. They like me too. And you should have seen the way he proposed. It’s just so sweet. My old friends…they’re scared of me or something, since I’ve been back. Plus I don’t just want to waste my time anymore. I have an important job to do now. It’s not about parties or whatever current waste-of-time pastime is going around. Now it’s about saving the world.”
June’s jaw dropped open. “Where did you hear that?” she asked.
“Hear what?” asked Amanda.
“It’s about saving the world.”
“I don’t know. It’s just what I’ve been thinking lately and it just popped into my head right now.”
Caleb and Tom re-joined them. 
“The service is about to start,” said Caleb. “Let’s sit together?”
Amanda and Tom nodded. June led the way to their usual place at the far left of the sanctuary. June sang the worship music with joy and a heart full of expectation. She raised her hands to God and thanked him for all he had done. 
The senior pastor came up onto the stage after the worship. He walked over to the podium and looked out at the crowd with love in his eyes. 
“Today, we’re going to be talking about faith. But first, let’s pray. Dear heavenly Father, thank you for all the people who have gathered here today. Thank you for your provision. Thank you for giving us enough food to eat, even during these times. Oh Lord, we just have so much to be thankful for. Please teach our hearts about faith. And open our eyes to see the truth. Amen. Ah, God is good. God is good, amen?”
“Amen!” the people shouted. 
June looked at the screen on the wall behind the podium and saw a Bible verse. 

Now faith is the assurance (the confirmation, the title deed) of the things [we] hope for, being the proof of things [we] do not see and the conviction of their reality [faith perceiving as real fact what is not revealed to the senses]. – Hebrews 11:1 (AMP)

“What is faith?” asked their pastor.
What is faith? June wondered. She had always found the concept confusing. Faith is believing God, she decided finally. Even when you can’t see or perceive the evidence of the things he’s telling you with your senses. As the service continued, she came to an even better understanding of it. Faith is doing what God wants you to because you believe in Him and believe that He is making a place for you in His heavenly city!
Walking home, after the sermon, June felt even more certain. They were leaving Steinbach. 
The spring sunshine warmed June’s hair and shoulders as they walked though the field. “Did you get a chance to talk to Tom about it?”
“He loves the idea. He’s just a little worried about Amanda. He doesn’t want to put her in danger and he’s not sure how she’ll feel about it.”
“Oh, she’ll want to do it.”
“What makes you think so? Did you talk with her about it?”
“No but, while we were talking, she just suddenly said, ‘It’s about saving the world.’ Said it just ‘popped into her head.’”
Caleb took her hand. “God’s preparing the way.”

***

Two days before the wedding, Caleb and June took a day off from zombie rescue to help Amanda and Tom get everything ready. They both wanted a big wedding with a fancy reception afterwards. It would not be easy to accomplish. In this new society, hunting and gathering was the new way of things. Thankfully, it was late spring so there was food to be found. And it was safer to go out during the day than it used to be, due to the spread of the darkness. They never saw anyone outside the city during the daytime anymore. June believed that most people living outside of Steinbach had been infected. That meant that, during the daytime, it wasn’t as dangerous to go beyond the barricade surrounding Steinbach as it had been at first. 
Caleb and Tom went hunting. They would be providing the meat for the reception. 
Amanda, along with her parents and her sister, headed off to a large strawberry farm that was only a few kilometres from Steinbach. June went with them. Amanda’s father drove the pick-up truck. June didn’t know how Amanda’s family still had gas, after all this time, but she was glad they did. 
It was a warm spring day. Each of them carried a large white pail as they approached the row upon row of ripe red berries. 
“It’s amazing that, even with no people to look after the farm, all these strawberries still grew,” remarked Amanda. 
“It is amazing. God is good,” June agreed.
They started picking the berries. The heat from the sun felt good. June was glad that she was wearing a hat so her nose wouldn’t be burned for the wedding. They were able to pick 40 five-gallon pails of ripe strawberries for the wedding. After picking the berries, they stopped at the large vegetable garden on the property. It was mostly empty but they did find chives, dill and rhubarb growing there. They gathered a pail of each of the herbs to serve with the meat. Amanda’s family also took a pail of the rhubarb to make into jam for later. When they got home, they found that Caleb and Tom had been very successful. They had taken down four large deer. There were a lot more deer and other wildlife around these days.
June was given a small pail of strawberries to take home with her. That evening, her family dined on bowls of the fresh fruit, covered in milk.
“It’s so good to have fruit again,” said her mother.
“Did you see anyone outside the city gate?” asked Peter.
“No one,” said Caleb.
“Hmm…I wonder if it might be safe to go back to my farm,” mused Peter.
“I think it’s important not to go inside anywhere,” said Caleb. “Other than that, it’s probably pretty safe.”
“It’s just that my place is about forty-five minutes away from the city. Maybe I’ll go in mid August. I have four large apple trees. Seems a shame to let all those apples go to waste. But I guess we’ll just wait and see when the time comes.” Peter took June’s mother’s hand and smiled at her. She smiled back.
June thought it was kinda corny to see her mother mooning over him like that but it was nice in a way too. It was good to see her happy.
On the day of Amanda’s wedding, it was raining and windy. It was really funny, wearing rubber boots to a wedding. June would be changing at the church. Even Caleb had brought his dress clothes in a bag. Sloshing through the deep cold puddles made June think of the days of automobiles longingly. Mud puddles were fun for kids, but not so fun when you’re trying to get to a best friend’s wedding. 
Amanda’s mother had given Amanda her wedding gown, as an early wedding gift. A seamstress in town had taken it in and modified it a little. June and Amanda dressed in a large bathroom at the church. When they were ready, June looked at Amanda. The white dress looked fantastic on her. June was so excited for her friend. Then she looked at herself in the mirror. She was wearing the dress that she had bought as a prom dress – a dark blue satin floor length gown.
“You look great, June,” said Amanda, coming to put a hand on her shoulder.
“Hey! I’m supposed to say that to you! You look fantastic, Amanda! I’m so happy for you.”
“Thanks! I’m so excited! I feel like I’m finally getting somewhere in life, instead of just spinning my wheels.”
Then it was time for photos. The photographer took dozens of pictures of them here and there, inside the church. Amanda didn’t care for the tradition about not seeing the groom before the wedding so they did whole group photos and some of just Tom and Amanda, all prior to the service. The church was actually very beautiful, June decided. These will be some nice photos! Pictures were always only digital, ever since the bombs dropped. There was nowhere to get them printed anymore. But still, it would be nice to have some photos of Amanda’s wedding on her phone.
When it was time for the wedding, June’s stomach squeezed with nervousness as she waited at the doors to the sanctuary. There was a huge crowd gathered inside. When it had been her own wedding, she had been so focused on Caleb that she didn’t think about anything else. But, now, she was afraid that she would trip on the way up the aisle. She wasn’t used to wearing high heels and she didn’t like the idea that everyone would be watching her. She would get to go down the aisle arm-in-arm with Caleb, though. June liked that part of it. Caleb was Tom’s best man. 
Caleb met her at the door and smiled confidently. The music started. He held out his arm.
They walked slowly down the aisle as the music played. At the stairs, they unlinked their arms, walked to opposite sides of the stage and turned to face the crowd. June was smiling but it was because she was nervous. Then the music changed. Amanda walked through the door. She was smiling so radiantly that everyone else in the church seemed to fade away. The rest of the ceremony passed in a haze of happiness. 
Then, finally, it was the reception and time to eat. Venison, spiced with dill and chives and eaten with fresh strawberries, tasted surprisingly good. It had been a beautiful day.
When they got home from the wedding, June knew it was time to talk with her mother. The sun was low on the horizon but it wasn’t dark yet.
“Mom, do you want to sit with me on the back deck for a few minutes?”
“Sure, Honey.” They went out through the sliding door and June closed it behind them.
“I need to talk to you about something.” 
“Yes?” Her mother looked at her smiling, expectantly. “I think I know what you’re going to say and I have something to say, too.”
June sighed. “Maybe you should go first.”
“I’m pregnant!” her mother blurted. “Are you?”
“Wow, Mom…just wow…” June’s mind reeled. “I thought you were too old?”
“June,” her mother scolded, with a laugh. “Not too old, I guess.”
“Congratulations, Mom! No, not me…You gave me those boxes of condoms after my wedding, remember?” June laughed nervously. 
Her mother’s face fell. “Oh, June, I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay. We’re not trying to have kids yet. We’re only eighteen.”
“Okay…But you’re okay with me being pregnant?”
“Of course, Mom. I’m so happy for you.”
“I always wanted more than one child. And Peter…this will be his first. He’s so excited. Apparently, he thought I was too old too.” Her mother giggled.
June laughed too. Her mother giggling. That was a first. Peter had been very good for her. For a moment, June wondered what it would have been like to have grown up with a kind and doting father. She pushed the thought away and refocused on her mother.
“So, what was your news, Junie?”
“Hmm…I don’t really know how to say this…”
“What is it, June?” Worry replaced the happiness that had been on her mother’s face.
“We’re leaving Steinbach.”
“What?! June, no! There’s nothing out there! Remember what happened to those Hydro guys?”
“We have to go, Mom. There’s going to be four of us. Tom and Amanda are coming too.”
“What do Amanda’s parents think about that?”
“I don’t know…but, ultimately, it doesn’t really matter. We’re adults now and we each have to walk into our own destiny as God calls us.”
Her mother’s eyes filled with tears. “Why are you going?”
“The daily rescue operation that we’ve been leading – we’re expanding. It’s not just about keeping Steinbach safe or staying safe in Steinbach. It’s about saving the world.”
Her mother held out her arms for a hug. June embraced her.
 “You really feel like this is God’s calling?”
“I do.”
“Then I’m going to have faith too. I know God has a good plan for your life. I will trust in that. I’ll pray for you everyday, Junie.”

Epilogue

Two weeks after the wedding, they were ready to leave Steinbach. Amanda had insisted on continuing to help with the daily rescue program. She said that Tom was busy anyway, helping with planting and other farm work for the church. The church had a field behind it, which volunteers had made into a farm that spring. They did have another team of horses to work the land so, even if they didn’t make it back to Steinbach in time for harvest, the church would still be okay. 
At first, the plan was to rescue a group of people and then bring them back to Steinbach. But, the more they thought about it, the more unfeasible the idea became. If they rescued hundreds of people, like they planned to, Steinbach might not be able to support them all. The best idea seemed to be to make a new base of operation, closer to Winnipeg where they could live with all the people they would rescue. They didn’t know if a person who had been cured could get the disease again. Doctor Rossberg had not been able to answer that question. So even after people had been rescued, they might still be able to get the sickness again. 
If they couldn’t set up a stable colony away from Steinbach, then they would return home in the fall. It would be too hard to survive the winter alone. But June was worried. Would those infected be able to survive the winter? June thought that they probably wouldn’t be able to. How would they stay warm? How would they find food? That’s why she and Caleb felt that they had to leave right away, to save as many as they could before winter.
The day before their departure, June wandered into the garage, thinking about her father. Soon she and Caleb would be leaving the safety of Steinbach and going out there. Would she see her dad again? Did he have the darkness inside him? Was he even alive? If he was alive, would they find him? And, if they did find him, could she save him? Or would he refuse to come out as some people had? And, if they did save him…would he be glad to see her? Would he speak to her? Would he tell her why he never contacted her? 
June looked over the things on the shelves. Looking at the tools and other odds and ends always made June think of her father. The garage, with its small workshop to one side, had been his domain. He had left a lot of his stuff in the garage when he had gone to live in an apartment in the city. She shifted a pair of work boots on a bottom shelf. They were still caked in mud from when her father had done landscaping in the yard two summers ago. Something reflective behind the boots caught June’s eye. She bent down to have a closer look. It was a small, rectangular solar panel! She pulled the device from the shelf. She looked closely at the cable hanging from it. Hmmm…A USB connection. June crouched back down to look for instructions. She found a green carrying case and a paper pamphlet. 
She read the bold print on the paper. 

Charges cell phones, digital cameras, and GPS systems.

June smiled as she slipped the small solar panel and instructions into the case. Looks like we’ll be able to charge our phones after all. She hugged the device for a moment as she thought about her father. He was out there somewhere. She would try to save him. 
When she went back into the house, Tiger kept trying to walk in front of her. Finally, she stopped and leaned down to pet him. 
“You know something’s going on, don’t you?” She stroked his soft fur. “Everything’s going to be okay, Buddy. Mom’s going to take care of you.” She gave him a playful, gentle pull on the tail. Then she tipped him over on his side so she could pet him better. June sat down and pulled the tabby onto her lap. She hugged him and kissed him between the ears. “Goodbye, Tiger.”

***

The morning that they were going to leave, a crowd stood at the North Gate to see them off. 
Tom was there, with his horses hitched to a special cart he and Caleb had built for their rescue mission. The had made part of it out of a camper-trailer so that’s what it kind of looked like. Horses pulling a camper-trailer. The trailer was made of aluminum so that it was very strong but light enough for the horses to pull. There was a bench high on the front where the four of them could sit when the horses were pulling it. The rest of the trailer was comprised of two completely enclosed compartments. One, at the front, was a sleeping area for the four of them. Tom and Caleb had modified some bunk beds and secured them inside the small area. There was also storage in there for food, clothes, soap and ammunition for Caleb’s rifle. 
The other compartment was bigger and completely empty. That was where they would set the zombie trap. They would put food in the larger compartment and leave it open while they slept in the other compartment. June was a little worried about being so near to those who had the sickness but the smaller compartment locked and was made of aluminum so there was no way anyone would be able to get in. And the sickness was only transferred through direct contact. So, they should be safe. 
They hoped that, perhaps, once they had their new base of operation established, they would be able to sleep somewhere else and just use the trailer for the rescues. It would be very hot sleeping in that cramped space during the height of summer. 
Tom had decided that he would release his horses each night. He said that they wouldn’t wander far and they would come when he called them in the morning. That way, the horses would be better able to defend themselves from predators. Tom had said that he wasn’t too worried about them. They could take care of themselves.
June’s mother was there to say goodbye, tears streaking down her face. “I’m going to miss you so much, June!”
“I’m going to miss you too, Mom.” They hugged. June was glad that her mother had Peter now, and a new baby to look forward to. They moved apart and looked at each other.
Her mother seemed to search her face. “Are you happy, June?”
“Yes. I’m very happy. We’re going to help people.”
Fresh tears ran down her mother’s face. “I’ll pray for you every day. Stay safe Junie, and come back.”
“I’ll try to. Don’t worry, Mom. No matter what happens, everything’s going to be okay.”
Her mother cried audibly and clung to her. Peter took her mother’s hand and gently pulled her away. Her mother and Peter clung to each other and while her mother sobbed. But it really was going to be okay.
Caleb had just finished saying goodbye to his parents. His mother had tears in her eyes. 
Caleb took June’s hand. “My parents are sad to be loosing their only child. But I told them they aren’t losing me. They’ll see me again. Whether in this life or the next.”
“What did they say to that?”
Caleb grinned. “Well I didn’t say the ‘whether in this life or the next’ part.” Caleb and June laughed. 
Gordon Friesen, Caleb’s supervisor from when he was in the militia, was there at the North Gate too. “I’m really sorry to lose you Caleb. I thought you’d be promoted to supervisor one of these days.”
“I got a bigger promotion than that. We’re going to save the world.” Caleb held out his hand to the man.
Gordon took his hand and gave him a hardy handshake. “You be carful out there.”
“We will be.”
Caleb started to turn away. 
“Wait,” Gordon called him back and spoke more quietly. “It’s just…I don’t want you to lose your life over nuth’n. You’ve done so much good here. I know it’s a noble goal, saving the world, but the four of you…What can you really accomplish?”
“It’s not four of us,” said Caleb. “It’s five. June, me, Tom, Amanda and Jesus. Jesus is leading the team. He’s the one who’s actually going to save the world. We’re just going to help.”
Gordon shook his head. “Well, good luck to ya.”
“Thank you.” Caleb and June walked towards the horses and the trailer. 
Amanda and Tom were already sitting up on the front bench. June climbed up onto the bench beside Amanda. Caleb stepped up and sat beside her. 
Tom clucked to his horses. “Here we go.” He moved the reins and clucked again. The large horses lurched into motion and settled in at an easy pace.
June had a good feeling in her heart and yet some doubts still lingered. She looked at her best friend, sitting beside her. “What if some of those who get trapped refuse to come into the light? How will we reset the trap then? How will we move on?”
“Let’s cross that bridge when we come to it,” said Amanda, smiling and leaning into her.
“We’re going to have to figure this out as we go.” Caleb took June’s hand as they sat, side-by-side, on the bench. 
Amanda’s smile faded a little. “I’m trying be positive but…it’s not safe out there…“Do you think we’re going to die?”
“Yeah,” Caleb replied. He grinned. “Everyone does, eventually.” 
Amanda laughed. “Yeah, and it’s not about staying safe.”
June squeezed Caleb’s hand and leaned into Amanda. “It’s about saving the world.”

About the Author

Celesta Thiessen has written short stories and novels for adults and teens, chapter books for children, and leveled books for beginning readers. She also generates ideas and writes content for Visions Encoded, a company specializing in apps for iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Celesta lives in Steinbach, Manitoba with her husband and two young daughters.



Other Books by Celesta Thiessen


Prince Jade
Jade, the fourteen-year-old, second-born prince of Kedrin, is full of unnatural powers and an uncontrollable darkness. He is ready to seize the throne. But when Jade’s life takes an unexpected turn, he meets Marigold, a simple farm girl who embodies everything that he is not. Gradually, for the first time, he begins to want the light.
Like a Shakespearian fairy tale, this romantic fantasy adventure chronicles Jade’s journey as he finds love…and love finds him.

Dragon Warrior and the Princess
He’s a volatile, genetically-engineered slave, longing for peace. She’s a spoiled princess who wants to reclaim the throne and save the world. He must help her.
Princess Aurelia is left for dead on the frozen planet of Quisquiliae. There she meets a dragon warrior…the last of his kind. The Dragon Warrior, who had also been left for dead, thought war and servitude were behind him. But his short-lived peace is shattered when the fiery young woman revives and starts telling him what to do. He submits himself to her, as is his duty as a slave to the royal family but, deep down, he blames her for everything he is and all he has been forced to commit. After the Dragon Warrior saves Aurelia’s life, the princess is duty-bound to return the favor. Her course of action shocks the Dragon Warrior as he tries to come to terms with his true nature and identity. 
The Dragon Warrior and the princess walk the path of honor together but it will take a confrontation with space pirates, a supply run for weapons, a star ship battle, a ground skirmish, a rescue mission and, ultimately, an encounter with evil itself before they find out where this journey will end.
An edge-of-your-seat science fiction adventure filled with innocent, romantic longing, The Dragon Warrior and the Princess breaks from the typical military space opera mold. Shaped by the theme of mercy verses justice, where shades of grey polarize and resolve into right and wrong, The Dragon Warrior and the Princess displays the power of good working through its heroes to give the world hope and a future.



Christian books in multiple genres, join Christian Indie Author ~ Readers Group on Facebook. Opportunities for free books and giveaways. 



If you liked Surviving The Apocalypse In Steinbach, MB please write a short review wherever you bought this ebook. Thanks for reading!



 
