






Stories about Melissa - series
Ta Ta for Now
xoxoxo
Ciao

Friends & Lovers Trilogy
Make it Last
I Choose You
Trust in Me
Omnibus: Books 1, 2, & 3

Nissa: a contemporary fairy tale
Indelible


TA TA FOR NOW
Copyright 2011 Bethany Lopez

Smashwords Edition

First Edition 6/1/2011
First Revision 12/31/2011
Second Revision 9/1/2013
ISBN: 9781463563387

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved.

Cover Photograph by K Keeton Designs
Cover Design by B Design
Image Design by Once Upon a Time Covers
Edited by Kristina Circelli
Ebook Formatting by White Hot Ebook Formatting


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

This book is also available in print at most online retailers. 

Visit the author’s website: www.bethanylopez.blogspot.com



Table of Contents
Title Page
Other Titles
Copyright
Dedication
Entry One
Entry Two
Entry Three
Entry Four
Entry Five
Entry Six
Entry Seven
Entry Eight
Entry Nine
Entry Ten
Entry Eleven
Entry Twelve
Entry Thirteen
Entry Fourteen
Entry Fifteen
Entry Sixteen
Entry Seventeen
Entry Eighteen
Entry Nineteen
Entry Twenty
Entry Twenty-One
Entry Twenty-Two
Entry Twenty-Three
Excerpt Entry One
About the Author




For my family and friends
who always believe in me.
I love you!




First Journal Entry:
I always hear people say that they wish they had lots of brothers and sisters. I guess they’re lonely because they’re only children or their siblings are older, but they can’t possibly understand the magnitude of what they’re saying. If they knew what it was like to be the oldest of four kids, they’d thank their lucky stars, shut their mouths, and be grateful for the peace and quiet.
My name is Melissa (don’t call me Missy), and I’m fourteen years old. I live in Dearborn, Michigan, with my mother and father and my brother and sisters. Yes, my parents are still together and have been married for sixteen years. I know, it is weird, but they seem to be happy. Of course, they have me to help with all of the things that they don’t want to do (Did I mention that I’m the oldest?). Not to sound ungrateful, I love my parents (and occasionally my siblings), but sometimes I just want to go into my room and be left alone for twenty-four hours. Just one day, that’s all I’m asking; it doesn’t seem like an unreasonable request!
So, my sister Megan, who’s twelve, gave me this journal for my birthday. She said that maybe if I write down my thoughts, I won’t talk so much (She is the queen of the backhanded compliment). I never had a journal before, and I like the idea of having somewhere to express my thoughts and feelings. I don’t know how much I should say, though, because I would hate for someone in my family to find it and read it. Anyway, as I was saying, my birthday was yesterday and tomorrow is my first day of high school. I’m nervous, but so glad that it’s finally here; I feel like I 've been waiting to be out of middle school forever!
It’s been a fun summer, and I’ve enjoyed working on my tan, but my best friend went away to visit her dad for the summer, and I can’t wait to see her again. I’m ready to get back to school and show everyone how much I have grown over the summer! My hair is longer, I think I have grown at least an inch, and I (finally!!!) have started to develop in the way that only girls do. Did I mention I have a fantastic tan? It seems like it has taken forever, but I am finally starting to like the way I look! With a little makeup and the right outfit, I plan to knock Brian Jackson’s socks off. I vow to make him notice me this year!
I’m getting ahead of myself. I wanted to start off explaining how my crazy family functions, not jump right into my plan to make Brian Jackson mine! 
So, I told you about my unconventionally normal parents, Craig and Linda. He works at Detroit Diesel, and she is a teacher at Dearborn High (Yes that is the school that I start tomorrow, the one dark spot on my sunny day!). They were high school sweethearts, went to Central Michigan University together, got married, and started having enough children to start a basketball team. Their proudest moment was, of course, the day I was born. I don’t know why they didn’t stop there and realize that I was all they would ever need, but they didn’t, and next came Megan.
Megan is alright. She will be in seventh grade this year and is a total tomboy. I mean, the girl does not know the meaning of good hygiene. She is always running around playing some sport, and doesn’t care if she leaves the house without brushing her hair, let alone taking a shower. She can be embarrassing sometimes, but for the most part she is tolerable.
So, they had two girls, you would think that would be enough... not for Craig and Linda; they had to keep having kids, and along came number three, Mikey, who is a nine-year-old pain in the neck. He always gets what he wants because he is the son, and gets away with murder! He is the only boy in the family and therefore runs around like he owns the place. He is always breaking stuff and blaming it on the rest of us. He makes faces behind our parents’ backs, and is just an all-around brat. 
Finally, my parents had the accident that they call Monica (Yes, they have a weird obsession with the letter M). Don’t get me wrong, Monica is cute. She doesn’t get in my way, and she doesn’t break my stuff, which is pretty good for a five-year-old. I just don’t understand why my parents felt the need to keep having kids. 
Was I not enough for them? I am cute, funny, and a lot of fun to be around. We could have had a great time together without all of the fighting and craziness that comes with having four kids! I can’t see the upside of that many kids in one house! Think of the amount of laundry (I know because I have to do it), and how much they could save on groceries if they had stopped after me! Oh well, there is nothing that can be done about it now; although, I often fantasize about them dropping Mikey off at a fire station. But it just doesn’t look like that is ever going to happen! 
Okay, enough about them, I think you get the idea! Now, let’s get to the important stuff like what to wear on my first day of school! 
Mom picked me up a couple of cute tops and jeans, but I don’t know if I want to wear jeans or a dress, or maybe a skirt. I want to look killer and make a good impression. To do that I need to wear something that makes me feel good. Maybe I will wear something blue. I have noticed that Brian wears blue a lot; maybe that is his favorite color. Let me tell you a little about Brian... he is tall, with dark hair and blue eyes. He is on the swim team and the football team. He is so totally dreamy and seems like a really nice guy. I had him in my P.E. class last year, but I didn’t get to talk to him much because he was always participating in sports and games, and I was always doing my best not to participate in sports and games. I watched him though, and he always seemed like someone that I would get along with really well. His eyes are so beautiful; it is like looking into crystal blue water! And his smile, Oh My God! His teeth are perfect and white (he must have had braces), and his smile just lights up the whole room. Did I mention he is totally hot? I cannot wait to see him tomorrow!
I think that is enough for my first entry. I need make sure I have everything in my book bag and get my clothes situation figured out for tomorrow! I will write tomorrow and let you know how my day goes! 






First Day of School:
WORST DAY EVER! First, my outfit did not turn out the way I wanted it to. I felt uncomfortable and awkward all day. Second, Brian wasn’t even at school. I looked for him everywhere and then Jimmy Rogers said that Brian has been sick for a week and didn’t come to school today. To make matters worse, my “best friend,” Jess, apparently became a super goth chick over the summer, and now I am not cool enough to be her friend. She spent all of lunch in the courtyard with her new friends, smoking and eating fries with ketchup. I tried talking with her on my way to English Lit, and she acted like I wasn’t even there. She said something to the chick with black-and-white makeup about me being an annoying “cheerleader type” that kept trying to talk to her. 
Hello!!! I was there for her during her zit face phase, and when Jimmy Rogers told all of third grade that she smelled like pee, and now she is pretending that she doesn’t even know me? I am really upset about this. How does someone who played Barbie barber shop and ran through Mrs. Thomas’s sprinklers with me suddenly have a case of amnesia? I can’t believe that my best friend in the world would just turn on me like that! She did spend the summer at her dad’s house, but he lives in Nebraska for God’s sake! What is goth about that? 
Then, just when I thought it couldn’t get any worse, I totally fell on the way to the bus, IN FRONT OF EVERYONE! I was walking out to the bus, and the heel of my shoe got caught in the crack of the sidewalk, and I totally fell forward and landed face first on my backpack. I got up as quickly as I could and tried to play it off, but that darn Jimmy Rogers was there, and he started laughing and pointing, and we all know how Jimmy Rogers loves to spread gossip. He can be really funny when you aren’t the target of his gossip, but today I just thought he was a big jerk. 
To top it all off, when I got home Megan and Mikey were fighting over who gets to sit at the desk in the den to do their homework, and I had to break it up before they rolled right into the big screen. I just do not have time for their crap today! I had to run in here and get this all out before my head exploded! Now, I have to run and do my homework and start dinner before my mom gets home, or my day will get much, much worse!

Okay, I’m Back:
Okay, I am feeling a little better now. I finished my homework, which was mostly just filling out paperwork and signing the teachers’ rules for their classrooms. Although I did have to write a short paragraph for English Lit detailing what we would change about our lives if we could; of course, I wrote about how much happier I would be as an only child. 
I felt a little guilty about that when mom came home with Monica, who was so happy to see me and tell me about her first day of kindergarten. She said that she sits next to a boy who smells, and she had her first taste of paste. She was really cute and excited, and I guess I did miss seeing her today. She was all decked out in her favorite purple and pink dress with her black patent-leather shoes on and her hair in pigtails. She is like me when it comes to looking cute and being put together. Then I looked over at Megan. Her hair looked like it had been in a wind tunnel, and she was wearing a shirt with ketchup and mustard stains on it. Does she not realize that I went to her school and that the teachers and some of the students there know that she is my sister? So embarrassing! She could at least put a little effort into the way she looks. I mean, even if she doesn’t care that she looks like a ferret that got into a fight with a hot dog, she could at least think about my reputation! Jeez!
Since mom was home, she and I made dinner together. I would never say it to her, but this is my favorite part of the day. Just her and I together... working in the kitchen and talking about whatever comes to mind. It was such a nice time that I didn’t want to ruin it by talking about my horrible day; however, she is a teacher at the same darn school, so of course she knows about some of it already! 
It turns out that Jess is taking my mom’s Home Economics class, and of course Mom noticed the changes in her appearance. When she mentioned it, I just brushed it off and changed the subject. I didn’t really feel like putting a damper on the moment, so we talked about her first day as I cut vegetables for the fajitas and salsa. 
The nicest part of cooking with my mom is that the rest of the kids avoid the kitchen like it is a toxic waste dump. They are so afraid of being put to work that whenever we are making dinner, they stay as far away as possible. It is the most peaceful part of my day. Of course, once we are done the chaos of dinner begins, and everyone fights for their portion of food and talks over each other. 
My dad usually gets home right as we are setting the food on the table. He walks in and says, “Where is my beautiful family?” and we all say, “Here we are.” I know, it is corny, but it is a family tradition now, and I guess it is a nice way to greet my dad when he gets home. He has been working at Detroit Diesel for sixteen years now. He leaves for work really early in the morning, so that he can come home for dinner at night and spend time with the family. My dad is a good guy; he just gets a little crazy when it comes to boys and getting good grades. I guess most dads are like that though. It was easier to talk to him when I was younger. I still love him and everything; he just never seems to get what I am going through. 
After dinner, we all pitch in and help clean up the dining room and kitchen (my mom goes crazy over a dirty house), and then we usually watch TV in the den or go to our rooms or something. Tonight, Mikey and Dad went outside to shoot hoops in the driveway, Mom and Monica went to the den to watch TV, Megan ran across the street to play with Scott, her best friend, and I came in here to be alone and make this journal entry. Pretty soon it will be time for showers and to get everything ready for tomorrow. I will go in to read a story to Monica before she goes to bed and try to convince Megan to let me help her pick out some decent clothes to wear to school tomorrow. Then I will try to figure out what to do about Jess.
The one bright part of my day was seeing my friend, Layla. I have not known her as long as Jess, and we haven’t hung out that much, but we are always good for a laugh and usually hang out with the same people. She was in a couple of my classes before and is in my English Lit class this semester. She is shorter than me with blonde hair and green eyes. She’s totally cute and always has the best clothes. She can be a little too intense sometimes and guys are always looking at her, but she is nice and fun to hang with. We had lunch together and sat next to each other in Lit. She rides the same bus as me too, and made me feel a little better after I totally embarrassed myself after school. 
I have to try and think positively, or I will just be totally depressed about this day, so I will focus on tomorrow. Hopefully, Brian is feeling better and comes to school. Hopefully, Jess was having a fashion nightmare and shows up tomorrow her normal, happy, bright-clothes-wearing self. Hopefully, tomorrow I am more graceful and do not trip over my own shoes. Hopefully, tomorrow Jimmy Rogers walks around all day with a big green booger sticking out of his nose and doesn’t realize it until he gets home from school! 






Brian’s First Day of School:
What a difference a day makes! I am going to pretend that today was the first day of school and yesterday was a just a bad dream! This is how my high school career really begins! My teachers still haven’t assigned real work, since it is only the second (first) day. So, we pretty much get to socialize in class, which is my favorite subject anyway! So, I was catching up with my friends and acquaintances in class, when who should happen to walk into my, oh so not my subject, Algebra class? BRIAN JACKSON!!! He looked fantastic! He walked in wearing T-shirt and cargo shorts (did I mention the shirt was blue? Am I good or what?) and had that cute smile of his flashing for all of the class to see. He looked like he grew taller over the summer and his skin was perfectly bronzed. He looked really fantastic, not like he had been sick at all! He walked in and spoke with the teacher and then walked to an empty seat toward the back. 
On his way he passed me and said, “Hey, Missy!” (Maybe Missy isn’t sooo bad after all!) 
I said hey back and flashed him my “Brian” smile, the one I have been practicing in the mirror, and then tried to pretend that I was not that interested and turned back to my conversation. 
In reality, I was smiling like a crazy person and glowing from the inside out! Not only did he talk to me, but he initiated the conversation. Okay, maybe you can’t call it a conversation, but he did speak to me first! The rest of the class was pretty uneventful, but it was still a great way to start my second (first) day of high school! 
The rest of the day was pretty boring. I went to class, ate lunch with Layla, and had to spend five minutes hiding in the bathroom when I saw my mom walking down the hall. I love my mom, but does she really have to teach at the school that I attend? How am I supposed to have a social life with my mom around? Plus, she teaches my friends. What if she listens in on their conversations and hears things that I don’t want her to know? It’s hard to make yourself socially acceptable, and I don’t need my mom screwing up my status. Anyway, after I got out of the bathroom and the coast was clear, I was heading to Lit when I saw Jess. This time she was walking alone and had her head down, so I hurried to catch up with her. 
I said, “Jess, what is going on? Why are you not talking to me? What happened?” 
She looked up at me and her eyes looked really sad for a minute. Then she got this mean look on her face and told me to leave her alone. She said, “I outgrew you over the summer. I am interested in things that are beyond your little imagination. Just go away and find someone who thinks fashion and boys are the most important things in the world.” 
Then she turned and walked in the other direction. What is going on? I don’t understand why she changed so much and why she seems to hate me all of a sudden. We have been friends for like our whole lives and have helped each other through everything. 
When I got to Lit, Layla asked me what was wrong. I told her what had happened with Jess and she said, “Don’t worry about what that freak says! She is going to have a lonely and miserable year, and we are going to be totally popular and hang with everyone who matters. This is going to be an epic year, and she is not going to fit in with us now anyway. Just focus on getting to know Brian! Hey, I am going to get a big group together to go to the football game on Friday night, do you want to go?” 
I said I would talk to my parents to see if I could go. Of course I want to, but I didn’t like the way she talked about Jess. I didn’t say that last part out loud, but I thought it. I still love Jess. She has always been my best friend, and I am not just going to forget that and give up on her. I guess I just need to give her some time, and try to figure out what happened!
So, it was a great start to the day, with the bad part in the middle, but ended up being a good day overall and I didn’t trip and fall on my face! No, Jimmy Rogers didn’t walk around with a booger on his face all day, which would have been such a highlight to my day, but he didn’t say anything about my embarrassing incident either. 
When I was headed to the bus, I saw Brian getting on to one of the other buses, and I caught his eye. I tried my best to be flirty from a distance, and he gave me that head nod that boys do, where they look at you and thrust their head up. I don’t get why they do it, I mean why not just wave or smile, but I have to admit it made him look even sexier - if that is even possible!. 
When I got home, Mikey had obviously won today’s episode of “Who Gets to Sit at the Desk” because he was there doing his homework and Megan was at the kitchen table doing hers. 
I went over to ask Mikey about his day, and he said something about soccer at recess and basketball during P.E... He is such a typical boy! Megan looked disheveled as usual. I mean, who wears green and yellow plaid shorts with a pink shirt? Is she color blind? Plus, it looks like she slept in the clothes last night and then wore them to school today. Megan could be a really pretty girl if she just put forth a little effort! Her hair is as long as mine (to the middle of my back), and is dark brown; whereas, mine is sandier. I keep mine soft and wavy and take a lot of pride in it. Megan’s looks like a rat holed up in it and made a nest for its litter (Do you call a rat’s babies a litter? Who cares!).
I just don’t know how she can walk around looking like that. I asked her that same question, and she replied, “Get over yourself, Missy! You think you are so hot, when really you look like every other brainless preppy fashionbot. Maybe if you spent more time studying and less time brushing your hair, you would actually get grades that will get you into college and not cosmetology school!” I just walked away... My day was too good to get into a verbal war with the Pig Pen look-alike! The rest of the night went just like every other: made dinner, Mom and Monica came home, Dad said, “Where is my beautiful family?” and we said, “Here we are!”... Blah, blah, blah. I went to my room after dinner and picked out what to wear tomorrow. I am thinking of wearing my gray and pink tank top with this cute white skirt I have and white sandals. I will curl my hair tonight, and then tomorrow it will be wavy, so I can throw it back into a loose pony-tail. With my silver hoop earrings and just light pretty makeup, I think it will look totally fantastic and maybe will turn the head of a certain football player. I need to talk to Layla about going to the football game on Thursday too! I know everyone will go to Friday’s game, but I really want to go to the JV game on Thursday to see Brian play. 
Hopefully, he will see me there, and it will show him what a sweet and supportive girl I am. I mean, is there any better trait in a girlfriend than one who is supportive of the things that her boyfriend likes to do? This is all a part of my master plan to make Brian see how great we would be together as a couple!
I shot Layla a text asking if she would be able to go to both games, but she hasn’t gotten back to me yet. Her parents are like mine when it comes to cell phones. We cannot use them during dinner or homework and only until 9 o’clock on school nights. It almost seems like our parents got together and dreamed up ways that they could make us miserable! I mean, who goes to bed at 9 o’clock? It just seems a little extreme to me! 
Anyway, it was a good day, and I am excited to go back to school tomorrow and see what happens! I plan to look totally hot and lure Brian into an actual conversation. I need to make plans with Layla to get our social season started and cement my reputation as a person that everyone should know! I plan to own my freshman year and have the best time! 






After the JV Football Game:
I know, I know, I did not write yesterday, but I actually did have homework. By the time we finished dinner, cleaned up, and I finished all of my homework, I had to shower and get everything ready for school today. Then I ended up talking with Megan for a while, and I was exhausted, so I just went to sleep. 
Yesterday was pretty uneventful. I went to school and we actually started doing work, and not as much socializing. BORING! I did get to see Brian in Algebra, and he looked as cute as ever! Had lunch with Layla, where we finalized our plans to go to the JV and Varsity Football games. Took the bus home, yada, yada, yada… 
So, like I said, last night I ended up hanging with Megan and talking a bit. I think she is starting to see her best friend Scott as more than just a friend. But, since she is obviously awkward and oblivious when it comes to boys, I thought I would help her out a bit. I told her that the first step would be to get him to stop looking at her like one of the boys. Not to stop playing sports or hanging out with him because that would just make him think there was something wrong, but to start making him see her as a girl. She didn’t want to listen at first, but I am the expert when it comes to boys, so she finally came around and saw it my way. 
I helped her pick out what to wear to school today (We had to go into my closet, because she had nothing suitable), and we worked on her hair and makeup. I told her that she needs to still act like herself because he already likes her, but she needs to focus on looking more like a girl, so Scott will start to notice that she is one. 
It was actually a nice talk, and I went to bed feeling like I really helped Megan do something to improve herself. Of course, when I came home from school today, Megan was sitting at the table looking like a family of birds had built their home in her hair. AAAHHHH! At least she didn’t ruin my clothes, although I did have her take them off right away, just in case!
She said at first Scott just looked at her like she was crazy, but when he realized that her personality hadn’t changed, just the way she looked, he acted just like he always did. I think if she keeps it up, Scott will fall in love with her before he realizes what hit him!
Enough about Megan, let’s talk about my wonderful evening!!! BRIAN ASKED ME OUT!!! I should have probably started from the beginning, but I am too excited not to shout it to the world!!! So, Layla and I got dropped off at the JV Football game by my wonderful mother... We met up with some people from school: Kasey, Joshua, Ellie, Judi, Kristi, and Joe. We all grabbed the top row of the bleachers and sat down to gossip and occasionally watch the game (just being honest). 
We cheered for the Pioneers (Brian even started) and made fun of the cheerleaders. Don’t get me wrong, some of them are my friends, and the outfits are cute, but I can’t see getting out there in front of everyone and being so loud and spirited! Plus, that is just too much commitment! I mean all of the time they have to spend training and practicing, then traveling to competitions and attending every game. That is just too much time that I could be spending making myself as fabulous as possible and hanging with my friends. So, while we were chatting and watching Brian catch passes and run with the ball, Jimmy Rogers came over to share the latest gossip. I try not to listen to a lot of what Jimmy says because he can be pretty mean, but my ears perked up when he looked right at me and said that he heard Brian liked me. What?! Can you say that again, Jimmy?
He said that he heard from Brian’s friend, Mo, that Brian thinks I am pretty, and he would like to get to know me better. My face almost cracked, I was smiling so wide! So, needless to say, I was pretty excited for the rest of the game and hearing this bit of news from Jimmy gave me the courage I needed to talk to Brian after the game. Luckily, Layla’s mom was picking us up and said she was running late, so I had time to put my plan into action. 
When the game ended and the football players finished doing whatever it is they were doing on the field, I made my way down the bleachers and tried to put myself in Brian’s eyesight. Brian was walking toward the fence with Mo, talking and laughing about their win, when he looked up and noticed me standing there. He smiled, gave me the head nod, and said something to Mo as he walked toward me.
“Hey, Missy,” he said as he got closer. “I didn’t know you were coming to the game, did you have fun?” 
I smiled up at him and spoke as breathlessly as possible, “Yes, Brian, you guys were great! I cheered so loud when you scored that touchdown!” 
“Yeah,” he grinned, “I was pretty stoked that our first game went so well!” 
Just at that moment I looked over and saw Layla trying to get my attention. Her mom’s car was pulling up, so I looked at Brian and told him I had to go. We smiled at each other, and I started walking toward the car. When I got a few feet away, Brian ran up to me and tapped my shoulder. 
“Missy,” he gasped, “how would you like to go to the movies tomorrow night?” 
“I would love to!” I exclaimed, and I gave him my best “Brian” smile, then I ran to the car and hopped into the backseat. 
The night went better than I had ever dreamed, and I am so excited about tomorrow. I spent the car ride home gushing with Layla about what to wear, and when I got home I ran in to ask my parents about going out with Brian. Being the fantastic parents that they are, they said YES! Of course the stipulation is that they actually have to meet Brian and his mom (who will be driving), but they said yes! I cannot wait! I don’t know how I will ever get to sleep... I am so excited! 






My Date with Brian:
I feel like I am floating on a cloud... I could not have imagined a better first date. Brian and his mom came by and met my parents. It was short and sweet and not too terribly embarrassing. Then we were on our way. Brian had me sit up front with his mom while she drove us to the theater on the corner of Michigan Avenue and Telegraph Road. We made small talk, and she was actually really nice. She doesn’t look like Brian at all; she is small and blonde. I guess he takes after his dad. Anyway, she dropped us off at the movie and told Brian to give her a call when it was over. 
We went in to look and see what was playing and what the show times were. I didn’t want to look like a total girl and pick a romantic comedy, so I picked the new zombie movie that just came out. I thought it was sweet that he insisted that I choose the movie; I am sure he was worried about what I might pick. 
The movie didn’t start for another forty-five minutes, so we walked over to the Rally’s down the street. Luckily it was a nice night since they only have seating outside, and there were only a couple of other people there. I just got some fries, and he got a combo meal. We sat there and talked about our families and got to know each other. It was really great.
He is one of those only children who talks about how great it would be to live in a family like mine with lots of kids. I told him that he is welcome to come over and see what it is really like anytime! 
When we were done, we walked back over to the movie theater to find seats before it got too crowded, but we still ended up in the front row. When the theater got dark and the previews started, Brian reached for my hand and held it THE ENTIRE TIME!!! Normally if you hold hands for too long, you get all sweaty and gross, but because the theater was so cold, we never had that problem. When he laughed at the movie, he had this wonderful deep laugh that made me want to laugh with him. I covered my eyes with my free hand during the particularly gruesome parts, and he laughed at me. When he did, I totally felt like we had this wonderful bond, and we had been together for ages! 
He really was just the sweetest guy the whole night, and I was totally bummed when the movie ended. We just sat there through the credits while everyone walked out. I asked him if he was ready to go, and he said that he always watches the credits to see the name of the Best Boy Grip. He said that that guy probably worked really hard and never got any recognition, so he always made sure to watch to see the guy’s name in the credits. Totally sweet, right? 
We waited for the credits to finish rolling, so we were the only ones left in the theater. In those ten seconds before the ushers came in to start cleaning up, while we were still the only ones there, Brian leaned over and kissed me, oh so softly, on the lips. I melted into the seat and slid to the ground. 
No, seriously, I fell right out of my seat when he leaned back from the kiss, it was that amazing! 
He laughed his beautiful laugh and pulled me up with the hand that was still grasping mine. He texted his mom to let her know the movie was over, and she texted back that she was already outside. So, we walked out to the car (actually I floated out to the car), and he let me sit in the front with his mom again. 
It was a quiet ride home, and when we got back to my house, I said thank you and goodnight, and I walked up to the house. I waited for the car to pull away before I started jumping up and down and squealing! I mean, it would have been totally embarrassing if he had seen that, but it just had to be done before I went inside and was confronted by my family. BEST DATE EVER!!!! 





Saturday Afternoon Regrets:
So, apparently Mikey was watching for me from his window and saw me get out of the car and do my little jumping/screaming dance on the front porch. Being the little creep that he is, he ran downstairs and told everyone. 
When I got up this morning everyone was making comments about me: “Missy looks like someone who has been kissed,” “Missy and Brian 4 Eva,” and my personal favorite, “Missy, Missy, likes to kissy.” That last one was being shouted through the house by little-miss “plaid-goes-with -everything” Megan. 
I mean, seriously, did a nest of hornets do her hair this morning, or what? Where does she get off making fun of me? She is just jealous that guys think of me as kissable and think of her as someone to shoot hoops with. Whatever! 
My parents got into making fun of me too and made little comments all day about how I was glowing and smiling and seemed to be nicer than I normally am on a Saturday morning. I actually got up at 9 on my own because I just couldn’t be still any longer. I want to dance and sing and talk to Brian again! Okay, that is corny...but I really want to talk to him. 
Then I got this mega evil text from Layla, who is apparently pissed because I did not go with her to the Varsity Football game as planned. 
She texted, “Thanks for showing up like you said you would. Apparently sucking face with Brian is more important than sticking to the plan you made with me.” 
I texted back, “I don’t know why you are upset. You were there with me when he asked me out, so you knew I wouldn’t be at the game. WTH?” 
She replied, “I guess... I just think it is lame that you would pick a guy over your friends.” 
I texted back, “Yeah, I see your point I’m sorry if you felt that I ditched you, but I was so totally excited that he asked me out! How was the game?” 
Layla said, “I get it! I was just mad, but I will get over it. It was alright. How was the date? As epic as you imagined?”
 I told her that it was great, and I would see her at school Monday. I guess I understand why she was mad, but she was there when he asked me out, so it shouldn’t have been a shocker when I didn’t show up at the game. Oh well, I am sure we will work it out on Monday.
I really wanted to look at my phone all day and will it to ring or signal a text. In order not to be a crazy person, I just put it in my room and went out to see what the family was up to. 
We ended up all going to walk around at the Henry Ford Mansion. I love going there and taking pictures and sitting by the little waterfall. Mikey loves to just run and run and be the wild animal that he is. Megan will often grab a football and play catch with Dad and Mikey (once Mikey stops running). Mom and Monica walk around and usually end up by the gazebo, dancing around or just lying on the bench. We all kind of intertwine and do different things there together, but it is something that we all really enjoy. 
I took some great pictures, and I am thinking of signing up for the photography club at school. I got a perfect one of Mom and Dad swinging Monica with the mansion in the background. Then I got a great action shot of Mikey jumping up to catch the football and one of Megan laughing with Dad. She let me put her hair up in a ponytail before we left, so she looked really cute! It was a really nice day, and when I get home, I had a text from Brian. 
It simply said, “I had a nice time last night.” 
I texted him back, “Me too!”
 Then I went out in the backyard because Dad was barbecuing, and everyone was hanging out on the deck. 
We have this great deck that Mom and Dad built. It wraps around the whole back of the house. We have a table and chairs and a hammock, which I called dibs on. We often like to eat outside on the weekends. 
Now, I am full and happy and ready to just hang out in my PJs and enjoy family movie night in the den. We have popcorn, gummy bears, and red vines - all the makings for a great night of entertainment! I thought I would come in and write really quick before the movie started. We are watching Toy Story, a classic family favorite! 





A New Week Begins:
Since it is only the second week of school, I was able to switch my music class (I totally outgrew the clarinet like three years ago) to a photography class. I am so totally psyched! I have it right after lunch, and when I walked in - you will never guess who there - that’s right, Brian was sitting at the table by the door! You will never guess who was sitting next to him at that table... Layla and Jess. 
What the heck? How did I not know that these three had photography together and sat at the same table? 
I only got to give Brian a smile and a quick “Hello” this morning in Algebra. I came in a little late since I was in the office changing my class, and then when the bell rang, the teacher kept Brian after to go over a problem with him, and I had to get to my next class. So, I was totally excited to see him in photography, but when the teacher told me to sit at the table with Brian, Layla and Jess, I didn’t know if it was a dream or a nightmare!
I sat down and said” Hi” to everyone. Brian said it back, Jess ignored me, and Layla just smiled. Awkward much? 
The teacher had each table take turns going back into the dark room so he could go over the equipment and explain how to use it. While we were waiting for our turn, I leaned over to Layla and asked why she never told me that she had this class. She just shrugged and started leafing through her photography book. What I was really asking was why she never told me she had this class with Brian and Jess! Hello! She knows how I feel about both of them; it seems strange that she didn’t mention it!
I looked over at Jess, but she was still ignoring me, so I turned to look at Brian.
 He gave me the sweetest smile and said, “Hey, Missy, I didn’t know you liked photography!” 
I told him about my family’s trip to the mansion and how I love to take pictures there. I explained that I decided to try to switch to this class from music. He said that he was happy that I did because now we would get to spend more time together. 
I was smiling so much that it barely fazed me when I saw Jess roll her eyes, except that I saw her roll her eyes and then look at Layla, who smiled. What was that all about? Are they secretly friends behind my back? Are they making fun of me? When did this happen?
I decided that I would worry about it later and focus on Brian, who was the only one at the table actually being nice to me. We talked about photography; he said that his mom gave him a camera a few years ago, and it became one of his favorite things to do when it isn’t football or swim season. We took our turn in the dark room, and Brian held my hand again (YEAH!). Have I mentioned that he is just the sweetest??? The bell rang, and the rest of the day was uneventful. 
When I got on the bus, I turned to Layla and asked what was going on. She asked what I was talking about. 
I said I understood why she was mad about me missing the game on Friday, but I thought we had already talked about it. I didn’t understand why she gave me attitude in photography class and why she and Jess were acting like they were friends and I was the odd man out.
 She said that she didn’t mean anything by it, but that she and Brian and Jess had been in the class together for a week, and then I walked in today and threw off the dynamic. She said it was just unexpected and no one really knew how to act. I said that that didn’t make sense to me. I told her that I thought she said Jess was a freak who would have a lonely year and that I should just forget about her. Then I mentioned that it seemed like they were still friends and that they were making fun of me. 
She said I was making too much out of it and that everything would probably be better in class tomorrow. Then she said that I should really leave Jess alone, because she really doesn’t like me, and really doesn’t want me to try and talk to her. What the heck? Are they talking about me now? I am so confused. I hate it when you think something is one way and then you find out that it is totally a different way. Do you know what I am saying? I don’t either.
When I got home, I was putting my stuff away and Mikey came up and asked me why Jess didn’t come to the house with me anymore. Last year Jess and I would often take turns going to each other’s houses after school. 
I actually started to cry, which was totally mortifying, and Mikey put his arms around me (When the heck did he get so tall? He is almost up to my shoulders). I cried for a minute, and I told him that I didn’t know why she hasn’t come over, just that she had changed over the summer. He told me he was sorry and patted my shoulder and then walked away. 
What the heck brought that on and since when is Mikey nice to me? Weird... Afterwards I went into the den where Megan was at the desk doing her homework. Everything was right with the universe again because she looked like she had danced with the devil and lost. She was sitting there wearing a red shirt with blue shorts with a green headband holding down her hair, which was in three braids (I cannot make this stuff up!) - Who puts their hair in three braids? Is it tacky day at school or what?
I went to my room to do my homework (Does Algebra make sense to anyone?) and begin reading The Odyssey for Lit.
When Mom got home, I was in the kitchen cutting up the ingredients, so we could make lettuce wraps and yaki mon du. 
A few years ago, my parents travelled to South Korea, and they fell in love with the food. We didn’t get to go, but we get to experience the food now that my mom bought a Korean cookbook. I like making this meal because I like chopping vegetables and making the dumplings. It is something that is good to eat, but still feels like you are eating kind of healthy. 
This past year has been weird on my body, and I finally feel like I am getting my body back to the way I want it to be, so eating healthy is very important to me. I know, I ate fries the other night, but you have to splurge sometimes or you will end up binging. I read that online! 
Anyway, dinner was delicious, and everyone went on to do whatever it is we all do on weeknights when we have to go to bed at a decent hour and get ready for school the next day. I am beat, so I am going to hit the hay! 





Layla is Acting Like a Jerk:
I don’t know what Layla’s problem is, but she is acting like a total douche. First, she didn’t show up at our table for lunch, and as I was leaving, I saw her sitting with the cheerleaders. Then, when I got to photography class, she had switched seats with Jimmy Rogers. 
I tried to get her attention, but she would not look my way. Even though I was totally happy to see Brian, and I enjoyed talking with him during class, I could not keep from wondering what the heck was going on with Layla. I was planning to ask her as soon as I could, and then Brian asked to talk to me for a minute after class. 
He looked so cute as he pulled me aside, and I noticed Jess look over at us uncertainly as she walked out of the room. Brian took me to a quiet spot in the hallway. He looked a little nervous and started talking really fast. 
“I really like you, Missy, and I had a great time on our date,” he started. I smiled encouragingly at him and he went on, “So, I really want to be open and honest with you because I want to keep seeing you and I don’t want you to think that I am interested in anyone else.”
“Okay,” I said quietly. I was starting to get an uneasy feeling in my stomach, like I had eaten something bad at lunch. He kind of puffed up his cheeks and then blew his breath out loudly. 
“Layla came up to me after Algebra this morning and said she had to talk to me. She said that she really likes me and asked me if I want to go out this weekend. I told her that I liked you and that I thought you guys were friends, but she just shook her head and said that you were all wrong for me. She said that you are fake and can’t be trusted and that she was the one who really liked me and that you were only interested in me to hurt her.” 
I think my eyeballs must have been popping out of my head because they sure felt like they were! 
“What?” I asked. I just could not believe what I was hearing. Layla was not only turning on me, but she was making a play for Brian? She knew how I felt about him and was even helping me plan how I was going to make my first move. I just couldn’t understand why she would be acting this way, but first I wanted to make sure Brian knew how I really felt about him and to reassure him that I was legit! 
“Brian, that is totally not true! I really like you, and I had a great time the other night. I was really hoping that we would get to go on another date. Layla knows how I feel about you, and she has never said anything about feeling the same way. I thought she was my friend, and I don’t know why she is acting this way. I hope that you believe me!”
I felt myself getting choked up and was praying that I would not start crying in front of him when he smiled and said, “I am happy to hear that, Missy! I really didn’t believe what she was saying, I thought we got along great on Friday night and it didn’t seem fake to me. I am sorry to be the one to tell you about this, but I thought you should know what Layla was doing behind your back. I really have to get to my next class, but I will give you a call later!” 
He ran his hand down my arm in an affectionate gesture that I have to admit felt really good. He turned and hurried off to class, and I turned the other way in hopes of getting to Lit before the bell rang. 
When I got to Lit we had a sub who looked really lost and confused. She said she had to run to the office and that we should continue reading The Odyssey. 
When she walked out, I took that opportunity to turn to Layla and say, “What the hell, Layla? Brian told me what you were saying behind my back. Why are you all of a sudden interested in him and asking him out? Are you just so totally jealous that I went out with him that you have to make up random crap to try and ruin it? What did I ever do to you? Why are you suddenly such a mega bitch?” 
Layla stood up in the middle of the class and started yelling, “You are so fake ME-LIS-SA... You act like you are so hot, but the truth is that you don’t even have any friends. Brian only went out with you because he thought you were easy! Why don’t you go hang out in the courtyard with your freak of a best friend and then go home and cry to your loser family. I have better things to do than worry about your opinion of me. Get. A. Life!” 
Then she picked up all of her things and moved to an empty seat in the back of the class. I just sat there for a couple seconds, in shock, with the whole class staring at me. 
Then I calmly stood up, gathered my things, and walked out of the class. I walked down the hall to the Home Economics room, opened the door, and walked through the classroom to the kitchen area, which is around a corner and hidden. I sat down in the corner of the kitchen, pulled my knees up, and put my head down. I felt sick to my stomach and my heart was aching. 
My freshman year was not turning out the way I thought it would at all. It was like I was in an alternate universe and was being treated like I was Megan or something! I am normally the one that everyone loves.
I have never gotten in a fight with anyone. 
I have never argued or lost friends.
Yet suddenly, in the span of a week, I had alienated two people that I thought were my friends for life. 
I was totally bummed. 
I sat there for the whole hour, while my mom taught her class as if I wasn’t hiding in the back of the room. I don’t know if anyone in the class had noticed me walk in or not, but no one mentioned my being there or made a motion to see what I was doing. I was really grateful for that. 
I knew I would get in trouble for skipping class, and my mom was going to be totally peeved that I used her class as a hide out, but I felt so much better when that hour was over. When the bell rang and I heard the students starting to leave, I got up, and prepared to face my mother’s wrath. As I heard the footsteps rounding the corner, I looked up, ready to explain, but didn’t say anything when I saw it was Jess walking toward me, not my mom. 
Jess walked up and stopped about a foot away from me. “Mis, I think I know what is going on. I overheard Layla talking to Brian this morning. She was really talking badly about you. I don’t think that you should trust her.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, are you talking to me now, because I thought you said you outgrew me over the summer!” I know I sounded childish, but my feelings were raw, and I was too scared to hope that Jess was going to start being my friend again. 
“You have every right to be mad at me,” she said with sad eyes. “I have been terrible to you, and I feel so bad since you seem to be having such a hard time this year, but I can’t get into all of that now. Maybe I can come over on Saturday, and we can talk. I have a lot of explaining to do, but I have to catch my bus. I just wanted to tell you I am sorry about what happened with Layla, and I hope it doesn’t affect your chances with Brian.” 
And with that said, she turned and walked away. I stood there for a minute, just breathing. Then I picked up my stuff and went to go beg my mom for a ride home. 
When I got home, I was too depressed to even pick on Megan’s horribly embarrassing outfit or fight with Mikey about taking out the trash. I just went through the motions, and now I am going to lie in bed… 





Saturday with Jess:
The rest of the week was pretty low key. I didn’t write because I have just been trying to sort everything out in my head. After what happened with Layla, I was totally embarrassed to go to school and have everyone talking about me and staring at me, but it turned out that I was kind of like the hero of the week. 
Jimmy Rogers pulled me aside in the morning and told me not to worry... Everyone was on my side. The general consensus seemed to be that Layla was out of line with the way she treated me, and our friends were giving her the cold shoulder. I didn’t have to deal with whispers and stares, Layla did. I would have felt bad for her if she didn’t shoot dirty looks my way every time she saw me. I hate confrontation, so I felt sick to my stomach whenever we were in the same room, and I dreaded the ride on the bus, but I guess Layla found another way home because she didn’t ride the bus for the rest of the week. I don’t have any answers yet about why things changed between us. I am just letting it go for now.
Better news: I’d say that my relationship with Brian has progressed over the week. No, we aren’t “boyfriend/girlfriend” or anything, but I noticed that he touches me whenever he gets a chance. 
He’ll do things like hold my hand or run his hand down my arm. He will even caress my hand under the table during photography while the teacher is going over the lesson. He is totally sweet, and I think he must really like me to be so affectionate. He had an away game this week, so I didn’t go see him play, but after the pep rally on Friday, we had a few minutes before the buses came, and we were able to catch some alone time over by the tennis courts. 
He held my hand and gave me the most perfect smile before he pulled me in for a light kiss on the lips. He said that he had plans on Saturday, but asked if I wanted to do something on Sunday. I said that I would love to do something, and he said he would call me. He squeezed my hand and smiled then went off to catch his bus. I let out a big sigh and danced over to my bus. I cannot wait until Sunday!
The best news though, is the day I spent with Jess. Jess came over this morning just like she said she would. When I opened the door, we both just stood there looking at each other for a few seconds, the last couple weeks running through our minds, both unsure about taking the first step. Luckily, at that moment, Mikey came running up to the door to see who was there. 
He threw the door open wider and yelled, “Jess!” and gave her a hug. Jess hugged him back (I have never understood their relationship, but they seem to truly like each other!). He asked her where she had been, how her summer was, and what she was doing here. She told him that she would come find him and talk to him later, but that she really needed to talk to me now. He looked at both of us, and in a totally unlike-Mikey move, he left us alone.
Just as if nothing had changed, Jess and I went out to our favorite spot to sit and talk, which is on a wooden bench that my dad built and put under the big oak tree in the backyard. We sat there for a minute and I found myself staring at the black eyeliner caked all over Jess’s face; it was really distracting. I think she noticed because she shrugged and started talking. 
“Look, Mis, I know I have been horrible to you, and I feel so badly about that. I was so angry, and I have been so mixed up. I guess I took it all out on you.” Her eyes started getting watery, and I reached out for her hand. 
I wanted her to know that I was still her friend and encourage her to keep talking, but I was afraid to say anything and interrupt her. 
“I had a horrible summer! When I got to my dad’s house, I found out that he has been living with this woman and that they are getting married. He was so wrapped up in her, that he barely noticed I was there at all.”
She took a breath to compose herself and then continued. 
“I met this guy who lived down the street, and I just knew that my dad would hate him, so I started hanging out with him all of the time. His name is Jet, and he has long hair and a motorcycle. He is seventeen and dropped out of high school. He was an okay guy, but mostly I just hung out with him to make my dad pay attention to me, you know? But he didn’t even say anything about it... He just kept saying he was glad I found someone to hang out with and then he would go back to sucking face with his stupid fiancée. Mis, she is only like ten years older than us... It was so disgusting. I went and bought new clothes and makeup and started dressing like this. That got his attention for a minute, but he just told me to stop dressing like a freak, and when I didn’t, he let it go! He didn’t even punish me or anything. It was like he didn’t even care enough to make the effort!” 
Once she finished talking, she just started crying. I pulled her to me and hugged her tight while she got it all out. I felt so bad for her. Jess had always been so close with her dad, but when her parents got divorced last year, he moved to Nebraska, and she hadn’t been able to see him until she went there for the summer. It is a total bummer that he acted like a jerk!
When she pulled away from me, she had horrible black streaks all over her face. 
I must have smiled a little because she started laughing, “I know, I look terrible! Can I go wash this off?” 
“Of course you can! I will give you some clothes to wear too. That is, if you are ready to stop paying homage to Dawn of the Dead and start looking cute again!” I exclaimed happily as I smiled to let her know that I was trying to cheer her up, and not trying to be mean. 
She laughed and shoved me with her shoulder. We went into the house and de-gothed her and talked for a while longer. Then she went to find Mikey and spend some time with him before she had to leave. 
After Jess left, I just spent the day being lazy and watching TV. When Megan came home with dad from her soccer game, she was all psyched because she scored the winning goal. When she walked by, I noticed she had a phone number written on her arm, and it seemed like she was trying to hide it. 
Of course, I had to ask her loudly whose number it was and she got all mad and started yelling at me to be quiet. Then Mikey started in about her having a boyfriend and singing the old song about Megan sitting in a tree... She really got torqued then, and she started chasing him around the house. I love it when I can get them all riled up. 
Inevitably, Mom intervened and made them go to their rooms. I got up to go find Megan and get the info on the digits. She said that one of the brothers of a girl on her team had asked for her number, but she said she would take his instead. 
She wasn’t really interested, but Scott was at the game, and she thought it might make him jealous if she talked to this other guy, and it worked! She said Scott got mad, stalked off the field, and left. She did not see him after the game and hasn’t talked to him yet. I told her to just give him some time to think about why he is feeling this way and then go up to him at school, act like nothing happened, and see if he says anything - just play it cool. I think that was my good deed for the day. 
When I went back to my room, I checked my phone and saw that I had a missed call from Brian. I gave him a call back, and he asked if I still wanted to get together tomorrow. I told him I would talk to my parents and give him a call back (It had been such a crazy day I had forgotten all about it!). 
I went to find my folks, who were in the den sitting on the loveseat like they were one person. I mean their legs were all intertwined, and they were holding hands and talking (What the heck? Get a room! I don’t want to see that stuff!). 
So I walked in with my hands over my eyes and asked if they could stop pawing each other for five minutes, so I could ask them a question. They laughed and told me to go ahead. 
I asked them if I could hang out with Brian tomorrow, and they said (You are not going to believe this!) that I could not go out tomorrow, but that he could come here and have dinner with the family. Have they lost their minds??? Brian and I have only been on one date, and they want me to subject him to my family? He will never want to go out with me again! 
I actually said all of this out loud to them, in what I am ashamed to admit was a very whiny voice. 
They told me it was up to me whether or not to invite him, but that under no circumstances was I going out. SO UNFAIR! 
So I went back and called Brian and told them what they said, and he said HE WOULD LOVE TO COME OVER!!! 
There was nothing I could say after that, except that I would see him tomorrow. I wonder if he will ever talk to me again after he spends the day with my family! 





Sunday Dinner:
I woke up bright and early this morning. I was just so nervous and excited about Brian coming over that I could not possibly sleep any longer. Plus, I needed to clean my room, shower, and figure out what to wear today. I hate to admit it, but I am not the neatest person when it comes to my room. I mean, it isn’t dirty, but I tend to leave my stuff thrown everywhere instead of “putting things in their proper place” as my mother would say. 
So, I made my room immaculate, then took a shower, and as I was walking back to my room, I happened to look in Megan’s room. Holy crap! I thought my room was messy! Her room was not just disorganized; it looked like a pack of wild animals had made it their home. She had clothes everywhere (I don’t know how she could tell what was clean and what was dirty). But it wasn’t only clothes, she also had old water bottles and Coke cans, and something that looked like a science experiment on the desk. 
I went to my room to get dressed really quick and then go find Megan to have her do something with her room. 
I would be totally mortified if Brian saw it on his way to the bathroom! 
When I found Megan, she was sitting in the den watching TV. You will not even believe what she was wearing. I mean sometimes I think that she dresses like this just to make my eye twitch; no one would really think that wearing a purple dress with plaid shorts underneath looks good. 
The plaid did not even have a stitch of purple in it! They were blue and green... I am not kidding! Her bangs were plastered to the side of her head, and her hair was sticking up in wild tufts all over her head. 
“Oh. My. Gosh. Megan,” I yelled at her, “Why are you watching TV when your room looks like a pig’s palace, and you look as if you got dressed in the dark? Was your hair done by electric shock?” 
Megan jumped up out of the chair and yelled back, “Who do you think you are? You are not Mom! You think just because Mr. Wonderful is coming over, you can walk around acting all psycho? Well, I do not have to listen to you! I will go roll around in the mud before he gets here if I want to, and you can’t do anything about it!” 
With that, she stomped out of the room. 
I went to find my mom to see if she could talk some sense into Pig Pen. 
The rest of the day seemed to go by horribly slow. It felt as if dinnertime would never get here. I didn’t know if that was a good thing or a bad thing. I was not thrilled to have Brian hanging out with my family, but I really wanted to see him and get to spend more time with him. Mom was making chicken fettuccine Alfredo with garlic bread, green beans, a salad, and tiramisu for dessert. 
Mom had Megan clean out her room and brush her hair, but she believes in individuality and said Megan can wear what she wants. At least I won half the battle. 
Megan is totally furious with me now! I am sure she will get over it eventually.
I helped Mom with dinner while I waited for Brian to arrive. I had mad amounts of butterflies in my stomach and felt a little jittery. I kept watching the clock. He was supposed to be at the house at 4 and it was 4:30, so I was getting worried. I decided to go check my phone to see if he had called and said he was going to be late, but when I checked the phone there was a text at 3:45 saying he was on his way. Weird! It only takes like 10 minutes for him to get to my house. 
I decided to go out front to wait for him, and when I opened the door, I saw Brian, Megan, Mikey, and my dad all playing basketball in the driveway. 
My stomach dropped at the sight of him and I got a big goofy grin on my face. I was happy that everyone had already met him, and they were playing a game outside; it meant that there was not going to be an awkward greeting with everyone standing in the doorway, staring and wondering what to say next. 
I decided to let them have their time to get to know each other and to give me a chance to compose myself. Brian didn’t need to see me nervous and grinning like an idiot. I went to look in on Monica, who was sitting in her room playing with her dollhouse. She was listening to Radio Disney and playing quietly by herself, so I decided to sneak back out and help Mom finish up dinner. 
We heard everyone coming back in the house, laughing and ribbing each other. I heard Dad say something to Brian about showing him his shotgun later (He does not have a shotgun... Such a lame dad thing to say), and Brian laughed. They all walked into the kitchen, and Mom told them to wash their hands. Then she walked over and introduced herself to Brian. 
Dinner was actually more fun than I thought it would be. Everyone seemed to really like Brian. Mikey did ask Brian why he would want to go out with me, since I am such a diva, but Brian just laughed and said that he thought I was nice and funny and a lot of fun to hang out with, to which Mikey replied, “Better you than me!” Other than that there was a lot of talking and laughing and, although my parents did ask Brian questions about his family, sports, and grades, they didn’t grill him too badly. After dinner, we all went out back to sit, have dessert, and watch the fireflies. 
After we talked for a while, Mom and Dad took the other kids inside (Of course, Dad said he would be watching us), and Brian and I walked over to sit on the bench and talk. 
It was the best conversation I have ever had! We just sat there, facing each other and holding hands... Talking about our lives and our hopes and dreams. He told me how he hopes to get a sports scholarship to the University of Michigan, and that he would eventually like to be a coach at the college level. He doesn’t care what he coaches, but would most like to be a swim coach. He has been swimming since he was two years old and loves the feeling of racing through the water. 
I told him that I would love to be a fashion designer or interior decorator, and that I hope to move to some place warm. I like the snow, but don’t know if I want to stay in Michigan my whole life. 
We talked for about an hour and then Brian said that his mom would be picking him up soon, so we made our way back toward the house. When we got close to the door, I moved him to the side, so that we could not be seen from the window, and I pulled him toward me by his shirt. When we were almost touching I reached up behind his head and pulled him down toward me, right before our lips touched, I saw him smile (The butterflies were back and fluttering wildly!). 
Suddenly, we heard someone scream; it was Megan. Mom and Dad ran out to see what was going on, and Mikey and Monica came out right behind them. Brian and I quickly jumped apart, trying to pretend that we weren’t just about to share an amazing moment. Megan and Mikey started laughing hysterically, easing the tension, and Monica walked up, grabbed Brian’s leg, and asked what was so funny. 
Embarrassed, Brian said, “My mom says she’s in the driveway,” and walked back through the house. I ran and caught up to him and gave him a quick hug and said how sorry I was that my family embarrassed us and how glad I was that he had come over. 
He just smiled and said, “Don’t worry about it! I had an awesome time, your family is great! I hope your parents aren’t mad! See you tomorrow.” 
He got into the front seat of his mom’s car, and I watched them go down the street until the taillights disappeared into the darkness. What did I tell you? Other than the disrupted kiss, it was a totally amazing date! 
My parents gave me a short sermon about “behaving appropriately in front of my brother and sisters,” but they also said that they really liked Brian. He was polite and friendly and got along great with everyone! Megan said he was “totally cut” Mikey said he “knew how to play ball,” and Monica said he was “nice.” 
We helped Mom clean up the kitchen. Megan still wouldn’t talk to me directly. Whatever, at least she looked halfway normal!
 I am going to sleep and dream of Brian; I cannot wait until tomorrow! 





Getting a Routine:
Okay, I know I have been totally bad about writing updates this week. It is now Friday, and I haven’t written anything. It has just been such a busy week! The teachers are totally bogging us down with homework, and Mom and Dad are busy running Monica to dance class, Mikey to football practice, and Megan to soccer practice. I have had to help out more around the house and with the kids. (Ugh, sometimes I hate being the oldest!) 
So, I had to work on my paper about The Odyssey this week and finally finished it last night. I turned it in today, and I think I did an awesome job on it! 
Photography class has been a blast this week! This was our first week of having assignments, and we had to go out and take shots in nature, and then we got to develop them in a dark room, which is totally prehistoric, I know, but so awesome at the same time! I mean, anyone can shoot on a digital and upload the pics, but we actually got to check out cameras that had film in them and then develop them in the dark room. It is totally hard but so fun to see the pictures coming to life as you develop them. 
We were put into groups with our tables and our group: me, Brian, Jess, and Jimmy (We call ourselves Team Awesome) decided to go to the Henry Ford Mansion - totally my idea - to take pictures on the grounds. 
Tuesday after school, we all met up at the mansion to take turns using the camera and get great shots. We each had a roll of film and took turns going off to shoot while those left chilled at the gazebo and talked. We did rock, paper, scissors (I haven’t done that in ages!) to see who got to go first, and Brian won. 
While he was gone, Jess, Jimmy, and I were talking about the upcoming dance. Jess was talking about finding something to wear (No one had asked either one of us to the dance yet, and we had a pact to go together regardless). She has grown out of her dresses from last year and the only dress she currently has is a black and red velvet one from Hot Topic, which was left over from her goth phase. 
“I loved that dress when I bought it, but I really want to get something pretty for the dance!” Jess explained. 
Then Jimmy said, “I think you always look pretty, no matter what you are wearing!” 
What did he just say??? Jimmy kind of blushed and looked down and Jess had the same reaction. 
Whoa.... When did this start, and why did I not see it coming? Jimmy and Jess? Weird combo! I mean, Jimmy is nice enough, but he is such a gossip. 
And Jess, did she really like Jimmy? If so, why did she never say anything to me about it? 
I know we weren’t talking for a while, but we have been hanging out again for almost a week. You think something like “I like Jimmy Rogers” would come up in a conversation! We certainly talked about how I feel about Brian a lot! 
Okay, I guess maybe the problem is that I am so wrapped up talking about Brian that I haven’t really asked if there is anyone that she likes. Something to think about... 
After that we just talked about random things until Brian came back, not really knowing how to act after Jimmy dropped his little bomb. 
When Brian came back, we played rock, paper, scissors to see who would go next and Jess won this time. As soon as she left, I turned to Jimmy and said, “What the heck??? Do you like Jess? When did this happen? Talk! Now!” Brian looked at me confused, as if to say, “What is going on?” 
Then Jimmy looked at me sheepishly and said, “What? I just said she looks pretty no matter what she is wearing. Why does that have to mean anything?”
“C’mon, Jimmy,” I exclaimed, “I saw the way you looked when you said it! Do you like her? When did this happen? What are you going to do about it?”
“Jeez, Melissa,” Jimmy said, exasperated, “Calm down. I just said she was pretty; I didn’t say I want to marry her! Give me a break!”
He walked down the steps and a couple feet away from the gazebo. I was sorry that I had embarrassed him, but you have to admit, that did come out of nowhere! Brian asked me what was going on, and I told him what had happened. He told me to let them work it out, and then he pulled me closer to him on the bench. He put his arm around my shoulder and told me he thought he got some good shots. We just sat there. I put my head on his shoulder and just let myself feel happy. It was an awesome moment! 
When Jess came back, I won the next round of RPS, and I went off to explore and use up my roll of film. It was so peaceful, and I just loved looking around trying to find a great shot. I had so much fun that I started thinking that maybe I should do something in photography instead of fashion, or maybe I could combine them both and do something totally fabulous! I took my time getting the shots that I wanted and felt would turn out fantastic, and went back to let Jimmy have his turn. 
After I returned, Brian walked over to look at the water, giving me and Jess a chance to talk. I asked her if she really liked Jimmy, and she said that she didn’t know. She thought he was nice and of course he is good looking (Yeah, I guess he was pretty cute with his sandy blonde hair, brown eyes and nice smile), but she had never really thought about him that way until now. 
She was flattered that he had said she was pretty, but would have to think about whether or not she would be interested in him as a boyfriend or not. After Jimmy was done getting his shots, we all left and went our separate ways. 
Wednesday, while Dad was still at work, Mikey was at football practice at school, and Mom and Monica were at dance lessons; it was just Megan and I in the house. We hadn’t really talked much since the whole room-cleaning and shower-taking incident. She had mostly just given me dirty looks, and I had just been ignoring her. I was in my room working on my paper when I heard a light knock on my door and looked up to see Megan standing there. 
She was wearing jeans and a Breaking Dawn T-shirt, with black Chuck Taylors, her hair back in a 50s-style ponytail and her bangs framing her face (Where the heck did this come from? She not only matched, but she looked pretty!). 
I told her to come in, and she walked over and plopped down on my bed. She said she was sorry for being such a brat, that it was dumb of her to be so mad about having to clean her room and take a shower. She said she needed my advice on something, which is totally un-Megan-like because she hates my advice! She said that Mark, the guy who had given her his number at the soccer game, kept asking her to go to the fall dance, but she really wants to go with Scott, who has been avoiding her ever since the soccer game. She really likes Scott, but doesn’t want to lose him as a friend. I told her that she had two choices: she could go with Mark to the dance and see if he is a nice guy - maybe she would like him! Or, she could walk across the street and explain her feelings to Scott. She could tell him that she doesn’t want to lose him as a friend, and if he isn’t interested, then they can just go back to hanging out, but if he is interested, they should go to the dance together (Some pretty awesome advice, if I do say so myself!).
She said she would do it, and she got up, walked out of the house, and walked across the street. 
I went to the window to watch and see what happened. She knocked on the door, and I saw Scott step out of the house. 
I could see Megan kind of rocking back and forth and wringing her hands. She looked really nervous. 
They started talking and Scott was just standing there, then he started shaking his head and said something to Megan, which made her whirl around and start running toward the house like her butt was on fire. I saw Scott look down and shake his head a bit before he turned and went back into his house. STUPID JERK! 
I opened the door when Megan got close, and she ran past me and into her room. I followed her and saw her lying on her bed. She was crying so hard it made my heart hurt! I walked over to the bed and knelt on the floor beside the bed. I touched my hand to her hair and asked her what happened. 
“He said that he does not like me as anything other than a friend. He said everything was great before and why did I have to change things!” Her words spilled out between her sobs, but I caught the gist of what she was saying. 
“I am so sorry, Megan,” I whispered as I got up onto the bed, so I could hold her while she cried. 
She cried so long and so hard that I had tears running down my face without even realizing it. 
She said she didn’t know why she bothered trying to be something that she isn’t, and that Scott would never look at her as a girl, but just as one of the guys.
I just held her and let her talk. I didn’t think she would really want to hear anything else that I had to say right now. I felt so bad for her; I knew just how she felt.
I had had a mega crush on Timothy Cooper when I was in 7th grade, and he told everyone I had fish breath. After that, I never wanted to go back to school again, and I never wanted to fall for another boy. I guess this is just something we all have to go through. 
I stayed with Megan until Mom and Dad got home with Chinese takeout. I have felt a lot closer to Megan ever since. I have more to tell you about the rest of the week, but my hand is totally cramping from all of this writing, and I am about to go out and watch a movie with the fam. 





Saturday Morning:
Okay, I woke up and just had to finish writing about the rest of the week. 
So, after Scott was a major jerk on Wednesday, Megan got up on Thursday a new woman. She was going to show Scott just what he was missing. She woke up earlier than usual and came in to ask me to help her do her hair and borrow clothes for the day. 
I made her hair all curly and flowy; it looked amazing! I let her borrow a cute sailor top that she wore with her own jeans and a pair of navy Chuck Taylors. She looked totally put together! I don’t want to get my hopes up and think that she is going to be this way from now on. I know she will probably look like the Tasmanian Devil tomorrow, but I was happy for this moment. I even took a picture of her that turned out totally mag! She went to school with more confidence than I have ever seen her have - ready to make Scott regret the way he treated her. Mark was going to flip when he saw her!
My Thursday at school was pretty standard - no big events. In photography, Jess and Jimmy kept making goofy faces at each other, but didn’t say much. 
After school while I was working on my paper, Jess called me and told me that Jimmy had called her and they talked for thirty minutes. She said he was really nice, and they had a good conversation, but she still wasn’t sure if she liked him that way or not. I told her just to give him a chance and see where it goes. 
As we were hanging up, Megan came in smiling and sat on the bed. She said that she told Mark she knew it was last minute, but if he still wanted to go to the fall dance with her, she would like to go with him. He said that he was still free and would still like to go with her. They decided to meet at the dance at six. 
She said that she was excited about going even though she was still upset about Scott, and that she hoped to have a good time. Since the dance was Friday (Yeah, last night!), she asked me to help her figure out what to wear. We spent the rest of the night talking hair, clothes and makeup (my favorite subjects)!
On Friday in photography class, Brian asked me to come into the dark room with him so he could show me the pictures that he had taken at Henry Ford. 
He put the first one in the developer, and as it developed it read, “Will you go to Homecoming with me?” I let out a squeal and jumped up and down for a minute (embarrassing, I know), and then gave him a hug exclaiming, “Yes! I would love to!” 
It was totally sweet, but, jeez, what took him so long? The dance is next Saturday night! I need to go shopping! What will I wear? How should I wear my hair??? Should I get a clutch or a beaded bag? These are important questions! 
When I got home after school, I hung his photo on my mirror, so I could look at it every day! 
I helped Megan get ready and off she went to her dance. While she was gone, I went with Mom to Monica’s dance class. She looked so cute in her little tutu, fluttering around the studio. She seemed to be having the time of her life, and I really hoped that Megan was having a good time at her dance and that she was actually getting out there and dancing. 
When we got home, Dad and Mikey were hanging out in the den watching ESPN. I went in and sat down in front of Dad and motioned for him to rub my shoulders. When Mom came in and sat next to Mikey, I told them that Brian had asked me to Homecoming and asked them if I would be able to go. 
They said YES!!! 
Mom said we could go shopping on Saturday afternoon, after Megan’s soccer game. At nine, Mom left to go pick up Megan and when they got back, Megan looked like she was floating on a cloud. Dad asked how her big date went, and she said it was really nice. She said Mark was a lot nicer than she thought and that they liked a lot of the same things. When she went to her room to get changed, I followed her. 
“So, you really liked Mark? Was Scott there?” I asked. 
“I really did like him, “she replied, “and yes, Scott was there. I felt him watching me all night, like some stalker, but he never said anything. He went with the guys, and they all said hi to me, and I even danced with a couple of them, but he just watched me without ever coming over or saying anything. It was totally weird. I am so afraid that we will never be able to go back to being friends.”
She sat down on the bed and said, “I don’t want to think about how weird Scott was being though. Mark was really sweet and he asked if I would date him! Like be his girlfriend and stuff!” 
“What did you say?” I asked. 
“I told him I would think about it and let him know on Monday; it just seems like it is going so fast!” 
“Did you kiss him?” I asked. 
“No,” she said, “I am not ready for that yet, and he seemed to get that!” 
After that, we went back in to the den to hang out. Now, it is Saturday, and I am going to get ready for Megan’s game and then go shopping for my Homecoming dress, yeah! 






Sunday Night:
So, yesterday, we picked up Jess, and she went to the game with us and then we went dress shopping. We had such a good time picking out dresses for ourselves and each other and then trying them on. 
I guess I have never described her, but Jess is really cute, with black hair and blue eyes. She is taller than me and, I guess I never thought about it, but she and Brian have a similar look. They could almost be related! Anyway, we found some beautiful (and ugly) dresses to try on and had a great laugh in the dressing room while doing a mini fashion show for each other. We pretended the hallway was a runway and did our runway walk to the full-length mirrors and back. 
My favorite dress on Jess was this electric blue number that went great with her hair and her eyes. It is strapless and comes to just above the knee, and it had hidden pockets. It just fit her so perfectly that we knew we had found her dress! 
I had a harder time finding my perfect dress, but after trying on what felt like a hundred dresses, I finally found it! It is also strapless, but is white with teal and green flowers/leaves and brown splashes of color. It is hard to describe, but I absolutely love it! We are going to look totally fantastic at Homecoming!
Mom said that Jess could spend the night, so on the way home we stopped at the video store. One of our favorite things to do when we have a “sleep over” is have horrible horror movie night. 
We go to the horror movie section at the video store, where all of the older movies are, and we pick out the lamest, most corny-looking horror movies we can find. Sometimes they are scary, and sometimes they are just hilarious! So, we picked out a few and took them back to the house. On the ride back, Jess told me she was thinking of asking Jimmy to go with her to the dance, just as friends, so that they each had someone to go with. We didn’t think he already had a date, so she said she would call him when we got back to the house. 
We went into the room and shut the door, so none of the rugrats would bust in during her call. He said that he did not already have a date and thought it would be fun. I said I would talk with Brian and maybe we could all four go together. 
I am getting so excited I can’t stand it! 
We went out to check and see what was for dinner, and Mom said she had ordered pizza, so Jess and I went back to the room. When we heard the doorbell, I went to see who was there and saw Scott standing on the steps. He was kind of rocking back and forth from foot to foot and looked nervous. 
I opened the door and said, “What’s up, Jerk Face?” 
He looked stunned for a minute and started stammering over his words, “I-i-i-s Megan h-h-e-e-r-r-e?” he stuttered. 
“Why?” I asked accusingly, “Do you want to make her cry again?” 
He looked really sad at that and said, “No, I just want to talk to her and try to fix things.” 
He looked sincere, so I said I would go see if she wanted to talk to him. I walked back to her room and opened the door. 
“Jeez, do you know how to knock?” Megan yelled. She was sitting in her chair reading, still wearing her pajamas (that do not match) and looking as if she had spent the night battling a gator in the swamp. 
Jess came to the door as I said, “Megan, Scott is at the door, and you look like you have been posing as the Bride of Frankenstein. Get up!” I ran over to her dresser and pulled some jeans and a white T-shirt out of the drawer. Jess ran to grab a brush and a rubber band. Together we stripped her down and fixed her up in three minutes flat.
“Much better!” Jess exclaimed. “Now get out there and make him beg!”
I had told Jess all about what a jerk Scott had been to Megan after she poured her heart out to him. 
Megan looked like she was about to puke, but she went to go and confront Scott. 
“If he makes her cry again, I will kick his butt myself!” I said to Jess. 
“I will help you,” she responded.
We looked out the window and saw Megan and Scott sitting on the steps in front of the house. Mom came up and asked us what we were doing and we told her what was happening outside. 
“He’d better not make her cry again, or I will beat him all the way back to his house!” Mom threatened. 
Jess and I laughed and said it looked like things were going okay. We went back to my room to hang out and wait for Megan to come back in and for the pizza to arrive. We were just lying on my floor talking about the dance when we heard the doorbell again. I ran out to grab the door, and it was the pizza guy...finally! I called for Mom and saw Megan and Scott saying goodbye to each other. 
Mom paid for the pizza, and we all went to the dining room to sit down and grub. Everyone was at the table, so I didn’t ask Megan what had happened just in case she didn’t want to broadcast it to the family, but she started telling us all on her own. 
“I know you guys were watching from the window, so I will just tell everyone at once. Scott and I talked it out, and we are going to be just friends. He apologized for the way he handled things before, but I took him by surprise, and he just reacted. We have been friends forever and neither of us wants to lose our friendship.” 
Mom reached out to grab Megan’s hand, “Are you okay with that?” she asked. Dad looked like he wanted to walk out of the room. 
“Yes,” Megan responded. “I don’t want to lose Scott. I can’t make my feelings go away, but I can make sure that he doesn’t know how I feel. I would rather have him as a friend than nothing at all!” 
After dinner we all went outside to hang out until it got dark, then Jess and I went inside to watch our movies. Megan hates scary movies no matter how horrible they are, so she went to log on to Facebook instead, and Mikey is too young to watch them, which really makes him mad, so he and Dad went outside to shoot hoops. Dad installed a light out there, so they can play whenever they want. Mom and Monica went to play in her room before her bedtime.
The movies were truly horrible and fun! Especially this one called Kiss Me Deadly... Talk about a low budget! After the movies, we went into my room to try on our dresses and do our hair and makeup to get ideas for the dance next weekend. We stayed up late, so we slept in late. We woke up when my mom came in and told us that Jess’s mom was here to pick her up. She grabbed her stuff and her beautiful dress, and we hugged goodbye. I felt totally lazy, so I got up and went to the basement to get on the treadmill for a while. It felt good to get my blood pumping and my body moving. 
After I showered, it was a pretty chill day. I just hung out with the fam. I even went out and played some b-ball with Mikey and Megan, and then got my stuff ready for school tomorrow. Now it is time to hit the hay, so I will write more later. Only 6 days until the Homecoming Dance! I can’t wait! 





Wednesday – Sorry!:
I know, I know, I am terrible about writing habitually; I think we will just have to face the fact that I am not the kind of person who will write every day! I can live with it... I will just make sure to report the important events! 
Okay, so what happened since Sunday? Not a whole lot. That’s probably why I haven’t written! I heard that Layla does not have a date for Homecoming and is going with a group. A little catty of me to be happy about that, but I can’t help it. 
In photography class, the four of us discussed going together to Homecoming, and Jimmy said that his uncle owns a limo service and that he will take us all to the dance FOR FREE!!!! Can you believe it? I am so pumped! I have never been in a limo before; this is going to be the best night ever! 
That is really my biggest news of the week! Other than that it has just been class and homework. 
Megan and Scott are back to being BFFs and hanging out after school, so needless to say, the days of Megan caring about how she looks are over. Ugh... I knew it wouldn’t last! 
Last night, I asked her about Mark, and she said they have been sitting together at lunch and are taking things slowly. I said that maybe he would be more interested if she would show an ounce of pride when she got ready for school in the mornings. I mean, how is he supposed to fall for her when she is wearing a purple tut, with black tights and a plaid shirt? Seriously! 
She said that he “Likes girls who are unique and aren’t a slave to the perception of the masses.”
“What... Are you on strike from wearing deodorant now too? You smell like a boy’s locker room after a wrestling match!” 
To which she replied, “No, I am just having a reaction to your perfume. It smells like Jessica Simpson took a dump and you rubbed it all over yourself!” (Okay, that was taking it too far!) 
I ran over and punched her in the arm and the next thing you know, we were rolling around on the ground slapping and hair pulling and screaming as loud as we could. 
Dad came over and ripped me off of her and stood between us with him arms out.
“Stop!” he said sternly. “You girls should be ashamed of yourselves! I thought you were both old and mature enough to be over these ridiculous fights! You can both go to your rooms!” 
We both stomped off to our rooms and have not talked since. When I came home from school today, she just gave me a dirty look, then went in her room and shut the door. She is being such a puss-faced brat! Whatever! I have better things to think about, like the dance this weekend! I think I will go try on my dress again and try some different hairstyles. 





The Dance is Tonight!:
Tonight is the night! Finally! I cannot wait! Jess is going to come over here to get ready, and the guys are going to pick us up here in the limo!!! This is going to be the greatest night ever!
Not much has happened since I wrote on Wednesday. School is the same... Nothing big happened. Last night, I was going to go to the Homecoming game, but I felt like I was getting a cold. I decided to stay home and take some medicine, so that I would not still feel sick today and have my big night ruined. It was a pretty chill night: I just stayed in bed and read the new Katherine Applegate novel. After a while, Mikey came in and stood next to my bed. 
“What?” I asked him. 
He just looked at me and said, “I think you are being a real jerk to Megan! You are always making fun of her hair and her clothes and you really hurt her feelings! She isn’t you! She is never going to want to look like you or act like you. Why can’t you just accept her the way she is and quit being so mean?” 
He turned and left the room, leaving me feeling guilty and sad. 
I just don’t understand Megan. I have always wanted to look and feel my best, and I can’t understand why she doesn’t want the same thing. I guess we are totally different. I will always rather go shopping than play sports, and she is just the opposite. Maybe I am too hard on her, but I am just trying to help her. 
I stayed there for a while, just thinking about Megan and what Mikey had said. If he thinks I am being mean, then I must be acting pretty badly! 
So, I went to find Megan and talk to her. She was watching TV with Mom in the den, so I asked if I could talk to her privately. When she got up, Mom mouthed for me to “Be nice” and we walked outside to sit on the bench. I apologized for saying mean things about her and explained that I just wanted her to look the best that she can. She said that how she looks just isn’t that important to her. She cares about doing things that she loves to do and being with her friends, and she just doesn’t think that what clothes she wears or what her clothes look like makes a difference in whether or not she is happy. 
We agreed that we are just different and may never see things the same way, but we are sisters and that is more important than anything else! We sat out there talking for a long time and eventually Mom came out and talked with us. 
Now, I have to go! Jess just got here, and we are going to start our day of beauty. Time for facials, manis, and pedis. I will write more tomorrow and tell you all about the dance! I am sure it is going to be the greatest night ever! 





Why Me?:
I don’t even know what to say. It is Sunday night and I have been crying all day. I feel so stupid! How naïve I was... So excited about a stupid dance. I thought my first high school dance with the boy of my dreams was going to be a magical night. What an idiot I am! I don’t even know if I can write it all down because I don’t want to feel like it is happening all over again, but I feel like I need to get it out. 
My mom and dad keep asking what happened, but I can’t bring myself to tell them. Maybe after I write it all down, I will just have them read it; that will be easier than saying the words out loud! Megan came in and sat with me for a while while I cried, and Mikey came in and touched my head, but I haven’t felt their comfort. All I feel is pain! Why did everything go so wrong? 
The night started out perfectly. Jess and I were primped and ready when the boys came in the limo. The four of us took pictures in the backyard, all smiling and posing (What a joke!). Once Mom had her fill of photos, we got in the limo and left to the dance. 
The limo was amazing... So plush and comfortable! 
While we were heading to the school, Brian found the bar and snuck a couple drinks. I was kind of shocked, but I didn’t say anything. He asked if anyone else wanted any, but we all said no (I have never had a drink before; it just doesn’t appeal to me at all!). I tried to ignore it, but I had a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach. Why did he have to drink? Why couldn’t we just have a great night? 
When he gestured for me to move closer, I did, and he wrapped his arm around me and held me close to his chest. He felt so warm and smelled so good; I was sure I was just overreacting. Brian said that after football games, the guys would often get together at his friend Mo’s house and sneak Mo’s parents’ liquor. Jimmy said that he doesn’t drink because he has seen the way some people act when they do, and he just doesn’t see the point. 
When we arrived at the dance, I was happy to get out of the limo and get inside, so we could start having fun! (Little did I know that Brian took a bottle with him.) 
So, when we went inside, we posed under an arch for the photographer. Brian gazed down at me and I smiled up at him as we held each other’s hands. 
Jess and Jimmy just posed facing the camera with Jimmy’s arm slung over Jess’s shoulder and them both smiling at the camera. 
After the pictures, we grabbed a table, and Brian went over to talk with Mo and some of the other guys from the football team. 
That is when I saw him pull the bottle out and show the guys, who all started smiling and punching each other in the arm, as they walked out toward the courtyard. I looked back and saw that Jess and Jimmy had just seen the same thing. 
“Don’t think about it, Melissa. I am sure it will be cool!” Jess said. “Come on... Let’s go dance!”
We went out and danced for like three songs before I saw Brian and the guys come back in along with Layla. What was she doing with them? I didn’t even see her go outside!
They were all kind of loud, and I saw Mo throw a bottle in the trash, only it did not look like the same bottle that Brian had brought in. I guess other people had the same idea as Brian. I looked around the room, and the “chaperones” were totally oblivious to what was going on. They were standing by the punch talking and laughing. 
Brian saw me on the dance floor, so he came over and started dancing with me. He leaned in and said, “Mo is having an after party at his place. I think we should check it out!” 
I said, “Okay, but we are still going to dance for a while right?” 
Brian smiled and said, “Sure, babe... Whatever you want! I will talk to Jimmy and see if they are down with the after party!” 
He walked over to the table where Jimmy was, leaving me and Jess dancing. I was trying not to get upset, but felt a little like crying. Why was he so worried about partying with his friends? I thought we were going to have this wonderful night, dancing and holding each other, maybe walking in the moonlight, but it looked like he was more concerned with getting a buzz! 
After the song ended, I motioned to Jess to get a drink, so we walked over to get some punch and then headed to the table. 
“Hey, Missy,” Brian yelled over the music. “Jimmy is all about hitting the party later, so it is game on!” 
Jimmy looked at Jess and me. “I am game if you guys are. I don’t have to be home until midnight, and the limo will take us wherever we want to go!” Jess and I looked at each other and shrugged. 
“Whatever you guys want to do,” I said. 
Brian got up and motioned for me to come with him. I followed him out to the courtyard, where some other couples were making out, drinking, and smoking. 
Brian took my hand and took me over to a corner that was not being used. Once we were there he started kissing me. It was nice, but his mouth tasted like really strange, and it was very overpowering. His kisses were sloppy and wet and totally unlike any kiss that we had shared before. 
I wanted to pull away because I just did not like the way I was feeling, but I told myself, “This is Brian... Hello!! The guy of your dreams. You have been waiting for this night and have dreamed of being here with him. It is fine!” 
But it didn’t feel fine and all of a sudden he got more demanding and more aggressive. He pushed me up against something, and it dug into my lower back. He started grabbing my butt and squeezing it and shoving his tongue down my throat. I started to struggle and try to get away, but his hands came up to my arms and held me in place. 
I pulled my mouth away from him and said, “Brian, stop!” 
He looked at me, eyes kind of glazed over, and said, “What is the problem Mis?” 
“Please, let’s go back inside,” I pleaded. 
“Why?” he asked, starting to look angry. “I am having fun out here! Don’t tell me after all of the flirting and teasing that you have been doing for the past few weeks, you are going to back out now!” 
“What?” I asked. “Back out of what? Of course I wanted to come to the dance with you tonight! You know I like you and I thought everything was going great!” 
“It was going great until you started acting like a prude! First, you don’t want to have a drink and now you are complaining about hooking up! It looks like you are all talk and no action! I hope you are going to be more fun at the party later.” 
“What do you mean by that, Brian? If you mean will I be drinking later, the answer is no! If you mean will I just let you get drunk and paw at me, the answer is still no!” At that point, I started to feel the tears well up in my throat. Why was this happening? Did Brian ask me to the dance because he thought I would have sex with him? 
“Paw at you?” he yelled. “You have been giving me the eye since gym last year, and now you are acting like some kind of victim? I think it will be better if you just stay with your friends, and I will go to the party and find someone who really wants to be with me, not a snobby little tease like you.” 
With that, he turned and walked back inside. I looked up and saw Layla standing off to the side with Mo, drinking from a bottle and looking at me with a smirk on her face. 
“Don’t worry,” she said, “I’ll take care of him for you tonight!” 
They all laughed and walked back inside. I sat down on the ground and the tears just started rolling down my face. I don’t know how long I sat there, but it felt like only a couple of minutes before Jess found me. She sat next to me and pulled me toward her. 
“I saw Brian leaving with Layla, Mo, and the guys. What happened?” 
I couldn’t say anything; I think I was in shock. I didn’t understand how the same guy who had kissed me so gently in the movie theater and had been so sweet with my family, could have just ripped out my heart and threw it back in my face. I felt another pair of arms around me and saw Jimmy lifting me up so I would stand. 
“The limo is going to meet us out back, let’s go out through the back halls. No one will see us,” he said, taking me by the shoulders as the three of us walked together out to the limo. 
We rode home in silence, with Jess and Jimmy each holding one of my hands. I just felt numb. I am sure I had makeup and snot running down my face, but I couldn’t bring myself to care. When we got to my house, they both took me inside and Jess put me in my bed. I heard them talking to my parents, but couldn’t understand what was said or bring myself to care. 
I have just been sleeping and crying since. In fact, I am just going to pull the covers over my head and do the same thing now. I don’t want to go to school tomorrow and face anyone. Maybe my mom will take pity on me and let me stay home. I cannot stand the thought of getting out of bed! I don’t feel like doing anything...




Whatever:
I don’t feel like I will ever care about anything again. I have been lying in this bed for forty-eight hours. It is now eleven pm on Monday night, and I do not feel like ever getting up. I did not go to school today. My parents came in and tried to get me up this morning, but really what could they do? Force me up, give me a shower, and walk me in to school? I think Mom understood, but Dad just looked like he wanted to hit something. I think I am starting to smell myself, or it could be my sheets... I don’t really care. 
I have been in and out of sleep all day. When I am awake, I replay what happened that night over and over in my head, and I can’t help but wonder, what happened the rest of the night? Did Brian go to the party and keep drinking? Did Layla act on what she had said and hook up with Brian? Did he really go for her? Did he think about me at all... How he had hurt me? How he had ruined everything that we had because he wanted to get drunk and laid? We are fourteen, why is he trying to move so fast? Wasn’t he enjoying getting to know me? Enjoying being young and getting to fall in love? Should I have just gone with it? 
This is what I have been thinking about all day.
Mom came home during lunch and tried to talk to me. I handed her the journal and rolled over. She sat down and read what I had written. 
She said some bad words, rubbed my back for a minute, and kissed my head. “I’m so sorry, baby,” she whispered. “And I am so proud of you!” Then she walked out and went back to work.
Later, it must have been evening because it sounded like everyone was home. I could hear Mom and Dad arguing. She must have told him what I wrote in the journal. He sounded really pissed. She kept telling him something like, “No, Craig, you cannot go over there.”
Megan and Mikey came in for a minute, but I said, “Not now, guys.”
 Mikey said, “You’ll be okay, Missy. You are better than this guy!” 
Megan said, “Yeah, Mis, don’t let him do this to you!” 
Then they left. 
It must have been about eight when Monica came in because she smelled all fresh and clean from a bath and had her pajamas on. She climbed up on the bed, laid down next to me, and put her little arm around me. It was very sweet, and I patted her hand to let her know I felt her there. 
She said, “I love you. I hope you feel better soon.” Mom came in and took Monica off to bed, and I laid there and cried. 
I just feel so tired. 




Back to School:
On Tuesday night, I was still lying in my bed in the same sweats that I had been wearing since Sunday morning (I know, pretty disgusting) .
Mom came in and sat on the bed and said, “Melissa, it is enough now. It is time for you to get your behind out of that bed, take a shower, and come eat a decent meal. Maybe your dad is right, and I let you wallow in your depression for too long, but now I am telling you it is time to get up. You have to go to school tomorrow. I have talked to your teachers, and you are going to have a lot of makeup work to do, but you should be able to get yourself back on track. Now, go take a shower and then meet me in the kitchen.” 
After she walked out, I sat up and decided that my pity party was over! Yes, I was upset and heartbroken over the way Brian had acted, but I needed to go face him and snap myself out of this funk. 
So, I went and took a shower, stripped my bed and put new sheets on, and went out to face my family. 
They were all pretty sweet, and Mom had lasagna with garlic bread waiting for me (my favorite). I ate like I hadn’t eaten in days (and I hadn’t). 
I went back to my room and checked my phone. I had four missed calls from Jess and twelve from Brian, but I didn’t feel like talking to anyone yet, so I just deleted everything that was on my phone. Then, unbelievably, I went to bed. 
Wednesday, when I got to school, Jess was waiting for me. She had left me a few dozen messages over the last few days, and I told her I was sorry that I hadn’t called her back. She said that she understood and asked if I was okay. I told her that I was working on it. 
She walked me to Algebra class, and I went and sat in my seat. I just kept my head down until the bell rang. I literally felt Brian walk past me, looking at me, but I just wasn’t ready to see his face yet. I know that makes me a coward, but I felt like I would cry if I saw him, so I just kept looking at the cover of my book... 
I felt sick to my stomach and my teeth were almost chattering; I just felt so nervous and awful. I tried to pay attention in class, but I don’t think I succeeded. 
After class I went up to get the homework that I had missed from the teacher, hoping everyone would be gone when I finished and I could rush to my next class. No such luck! When I walked out, Brian was waiting for me. 
He looked so handsome it made my heart hurt, and when he whispered, “Missy, I need to talk to you.” I felt the tears forming at the corners of my eyes. 
“Not now, Brian,” I said. “I have to get to class.” 
“Meet me at lunch?” he asked, pleading. 
“I can’t,” I answered. 
“Please?” he implored, managing to look worried and hopeful at the same time. I felt myself caving. I really wanted to hear why he acted the way he did, and he just looked so sweet. 
“Okay,” I said, “I will meet you at lunch.” 
I drifted through the rest of my morning classes and when I got to lunch, I saw Brian waiting by the door. As I walked toward him, I saw Layla standing by the salad bar, watching my progress. When I got to Brian, he took me to a small table by the back wall. 
He looked me in the eyes and said, “First, I want to say how sorry I am about everything that happened at Homecoming! I never should have started drinking in the limo, and I feel so terrible about the way I treated you! Missy, you have to know how much I care about you, and I wish I could go back and change everything. I am sorry that I hurt you with the things I did and said. I kept trying to call you, but you wouldn’t answer, and then you didn’t come to school. I just wanted a chance to apologize!” 
I believed that he was sorry, but I still had some questions to ask, “What about after you left? What happened at the party?” I asked, afraid to know the answer. 
Brian looked down at his hands and then looked back at me. “I left with Mo,” he started. “When I got to his house, we started playing drinking games and hanging out. I ended up crashing at his house because there was no way that I could have gone home the way I was. I was totally hungover the next day, and, believe me I regretted what had happened with you as soon as I woke up!” 
Again, I believed him, but there was still something that I had to know. “Did you hook up with Layla?” I asked, holding my breath. 
Brian looked at his hands again, longer this time, and when he looked up, he looked really sad. “We kissed, Missy. I am not going to lie, but that was it. Even though I was wasted, I knew it was a mistake as soon as it happened, and I backed away from her. She was pretty pissed, and said some nasty things, but I stayed away from her the rest of the night. I am so sorry. I wish it had never happened, and it will never happen again, I promise! I really like you, Missy. You are the only one I want to be with, and I hope that you can forgive me and give me another chance!” 
I closed my eyes and felt a few tears break loose. I was really hurt that he had kissed her, but relieved that it hadn’t been as bad as I thought it was going to be! 
“I need to think about it, Brian, okay?” I stated as I wiped the tears away with the back of my hand. “You really hurt me, and I hate the thought of you kissing Layla! Let me think for a while, and I will let you know.” 
“Okay,” he said. “I can do that!” 
I got up and went to go to the bathroom to get myself cleaned up. 
I was in the bathroom washing my face, all of these feelings running through my body and my mind, and I just felt so confused, yet hopeful. Hopeful that Brian was sincere, that he really did regret what happened with me and with Layla. But, I just wasn’t sure what to believe. 
I heard the door open and looked up into the mirror, seeing Layla’s reflection staring back at me. My stomach dropped to the floor, and I turned to look at her. She walked up to me with a smirk on her face.
“Poor little Missy... Dumped by her boyfriend at the Homecoming Dance and too much of a coward to show her face at school for days afterwards. How pathetic! Don’t worry, Missy, I took care of your man later that night, or should I say, my man!” 
She looked so mean, hateful, and full of herself. 
I felt my whole world turn red. I felt like my vision started to blur, and my head started to pound and without even realizing what I was doing, I balled up my fist and punched Layla right in the nose. She buckled over and fell to the floor holding her nose and started wailing. 
I walked out of the bathroom as fast as I could and went to photography class as if nothing had happened. Okay, I know that violence is never the answer and it was totally wrong of me to punch her, but I swear I just reacted without even thinking!
I sat down in photography. Brian, Jess, and Jimmy were already there just sitting at the table - no one saying anything (Awkward!). I guess they were waiting to see how I was going to act, so when I started by asking them what I had missed in class, you could almost feel everyone relax. 
Jess still looked at Brian with her eyes burning, and Jimmy kept glancing at me as if he was worried that I might throw a fit in the middle of class or something, but Brian just talked with me as normally as I was talking with him. 
Once class was in full swing, we broke into groups of two, and I could see that Jess was trying to signal to me to be with her, but I wanted to talk to Brian some more, so I asked him to be my partner.
Jess watched us walk away, like a mother hen watching her chick, so I gave her a little smile to let her know it was going to be okay. 
When Brian and I got outside, we took turns taking pictures and talking. I really want to give him another chance because I like him so much, but I just wanted to be sure that he wouldn’t hurt me like that again. 
“Brian, how can I be sure that what happened at Homecoming won’t happen again? You said that you drink with your friends, and some of the things you said to me about...about being a tease and stuff, really really hurt, and I just want to be sure that this isn’t going to happen every time there is a dance, or we hang out with your friends. I want to have a serious relationship with you, but I don’t want to be afraid to be myself with you!” 
He stopped and took my hand, “Missy, I feel so badly about the things I said, and I want you to feel safe with me and be yourself. I swear it was just the alcohol talking, and I promise that I won’t drink anymore. You mean too much to me, and I know that we can have a really special relationship. I want you to be you, Missy, because I love who you are!” Brian gave me his beautiful smile, and I felt my heart opening up to him again. 
I really, really, wanted to believe him, and felt that I could give him another chance. 
“Okay, Brian,” I said with a smile. “I forgive you and I want to give us another shot! Just please, don’t make me regret it!” 
We went back inside, and when Brian went up to talk to the teacher, Jess and Jimmy looked at me, and Jess asked, “Well, what is going on? Are you guys back together? Just like that? After everything that happened, you let him off the hook that easily?” Jess looked seriously pissed. 
“Don’t worry, Jess. We talked it over, and I promise I will tell you everything after school, okay?” 
She did not look convinced, but she said yes, she would definitely be coming over today and I’d better tell her everything! When the bell rang and we were walking out, Jimmy put his hand on my shoulder. 
I turned to look at him, and he said, “I hope you know what you are doing, Missy! Don’t let him off too easy. You deserve the best!” He gave me a smile and walked to his next class. 
Now, I am home and Jess is on her way over. I know I am going to have to convince her (and my family) that Brian is sincere and I am not a total idiot for taking him back! Oh boy! 





In The Doghouse:
Needless to say, after the events of the last few days, my family was not thrilled with me when I told them that Brian and I were back together. My dad won’t talk about it, my mom said she is “disappointed,” Megan said I am an idiot, and Mikey just said that I must enjoy pain. Monica is the only one who doesn’t have an opinion about Brian, but then again, she barely knows what is going on half of the time. If it doesn’t involve Dora, she doesn’t care! 
Jess came over that evening, and we settled in my room to talk. She is pretty much on the same page as my family. I understand, I mean, she was there and saw how Brian acted and helped me get home. I would have a hard time if our roles were reversed, but I have to do what I think is right. I tried to explain it all to her: that I believe Brian is sincere and that he really is sorry and won’t act that way again. She said that she just doesn’t want me to be hurt and will kill him if he hurts me like that again. 
I think she understands though, and I know she will support me! 
I told her what had happened with Layla in the bathroom earlier and asked if she had seen or heard anything after photography.
She said that she hadn’t heard anything, but thought that Layla got what she deserved, and maybe she would stop acting like such a jerk from now on. My mom came in and said that we were going to have a “family meeting” and that Jess needed to go home. We said our goodbyes, and I went out to see what was going on in the kitchen. 
When I got in the kitchen, everyone was already sitting around the table. As I sat down, I looked at my mom and said, “I know you are all mad about me and Brian, but I don’t think we have to have a family meeting about it!” 
My mom had this weird look on her face and said, “Melissa, not everything is about you. Sit down.” 
Okay, fine! I sat down and waited to see what all of the drama was about. 
Mom looked like she was about to start crying and Dad looked kind of angry. 
“Okay, the only way to say this is just to say it,” Dad said and held out his hand on the table to hold Mom’s. Mom looked down at the table and then back up at us and dropped the bomb, “We are going to have a baby!” 
My mind exploded, and I felt like I lost all feeling in my limbs… 
I saw Megan roll her eyes and Mikey said, “I hope it’s a boy!” 
Monica just looked at all of us and said, “I am the baby!” 
Dad continued to hold Mom’s hand. She looked miserable by the way! 
“How could you let this happen?” I asked. 
Mom looked at me and said, “We are two months pregnant, and the baby is due in May. We didn’t plan on having another baby, but I know we will all welcome this baby and love it.” 
“I can’t believe this! As if we don’t have enough kids in this house already, you have to go and bring another one into the mix!” 
I got up and stormed out of the room. I know pretty immature, but I was so mad! Another freaking kid... I just couldn’t handle the news. 
I am going to lay here and dream about the day that I get to move out of here and never be around children again! 





Friday After the Fact:
As if having another monster added to our household was not giving me a bad enough day, when I got to school on Thursday, I was told to report to the principal’s office. 
I had never, ever, been to see the principal before, and I was totally freaking out while I waited. Of course, it was pretty easy to figure out why I was being called to the office once I saw Layla walk through the door. Her nose looked totally swollen, bruised, and ugly. I felt one twinge of regret until she looked up at me, and I saw the smirk on her face. She gave me a little finger wave as she walked out of the office. AAHHH!! I wanted to hit her all over again. 
What did I ever do to make her act this way? I could barely even remember the girl I had once thought of as my friend. This Layla is just so mean and nasty... I absolutely hate her! The principal called me into the office, and I headed in on shaky legs, thinking that nothing good could come of this! 
The principal sat behind his desk and looked at me through large round glasses. His seventies mustache looked like it had some leftover eggs in it from breakfast. 
“Melissa, it has come to my attention that you had an altercation with Layla in the restroom yesterday afternoon. She says that you punched her in her nose without provocation, and that she has suffered physical and emotional pain. As you know, school policy states that fighting on school property will not be tolerated. I am afraid that you will be suspended from school for three days. Your parents have been notified and your father is on his way to pick you up.” 
“Wait, what?” I practically yelled at him. “Layla did provoke me, and I am sorry that I hit her. It was just a reaction to the situation. I do not think I deserve to be suspended! And why would my father be coming to pick me up? My mother is here at the school... I could just wait for her. There is no reason to bother my father!” 
I am sure I was sounding pretty desperate and pathetic, but I was starting to panic, and it was getting hard to breathe. How could this be happening to me? I’m a good kid, I get pretty good grades and have not been in any trouble before! My dad? After everything that has been going on this week, I could not even imagine how mad he would be, and I was right, I really had no idea how very mad he would be! 
I was sent back into the waiting area to wait for my dad and whatever punishment was to come. I felt sick and my hands were sweaty, and it felt like hours before my dad finally showed up to get me. 
When he walked in, I wished I hadn’t been in such a hurry for him to arrive. His face looked tight and his jaw was clenched so hard it looked like it was wired shut. He just looked at me and motioned for me to sit still as he went in to talk to the principal.
After a few minutes, he came out of the office and motioned for me follow him. I gathered my things and followed him out quickly and tried to be as invisible as possible. He didn’t say anything to me all the way home. He pulled into the driveway, and I got my stuff and got out of the car. 
When I turned to say something to him, he pulled the car back out of the driveway and left me standing there. I got out my key and let myself into the house. I went to my room, set down my things, and sat down, left to wait and wonder about the wrath that I would face once my parents came home after work. 
Of course, Megan and Mikey were curious about why I was home when they go there, but I just told them to leave me alone, which led to Megan asking if Brian had dumped me again and if I was going to be moping around the house some more. 
I told her to mind her business and worry about wearing a bra under her five-year-old Power Rangers shirt, rather than walking around showing off her little bee stings. And while she was at it, why didn’t she try taming the wild mop on her head. 
Of course, this set her off too and before I knew it, we were rolling around on the ground pulling each other’s hair and slapping at each other. Mikey started yelling at us to stop. I don’t know how long he yelled, but he must have gotten frustrated because all of a sudden I felt an elbow hit the side of my head and saw Megan get kicked in the gut. 
I pulled away and stood up, and then I whirled around and stormed off to my room, slamming the door (Great, one more strike against me when Mom and Dad get home, just what I need!).
I sat around feeling sorry for myself until my parents got home. 
You know... Why me? What did I do to deserve this? The basic questions you ask yourself when you realize your life just went to hell. 
Everything had been going so well when my high school year began, and then this one element had to go and screw everything up! Layla! 
I wish I had never started hanging out with her. Maybe she wouldn’t have picked me to focus all of her evilness on and would have found someone else. It seems like she is the one thing in my life that has turned everything from perfect to crappy! 
These were my thoughts as I waited to see what my punishment was going to be. Finally, I heard my parents enter the house, and I knew the moment had arrived. I wasn’t sure if I should wait for them to come to me or if I should go out to find them. 
I decided it was “braver” of me to go out and face the music, rather than hide in my room, hoping they would just forget the whole thing (As if!). 
When I found my parents, they were in the kitchen and they both looked over at me when I walked into the room. My dad still looked seriously angry, and my mom just had a sad look on her face. 
My mom spoke first, “Do you want to explain what happened to us?” she asked in a soft voice.
 She looked kind of like she was in pain, and I had to wonder if the look on her face was really about me or not. As I started to speak, she jumped up and ran out of the room. 
I looked over at Dad, but he just looked at me and did not say anything. I could hear that Mom was throwing up, and I realized that she was once again plagued with “morning” sickness, which I’ve observed strikes at any time of day, not just morning. I had seen my mom go through this enough times to feel sorry for her because she was going to have to go through it all again. Bummer! 
My dad and I just sat in silence, with him giving me the evil eye while we waited for my mom to recover and come back to the kitchen. After a few minutes, she did. Dad went over to her and rubbed her back and asked her if she was doing okay. She just looked at him and nodded. 
They both looked back at me, and my stomach knotted up as I explained, “I ran into Layla in the bathroom yesterday, and she said some really mean things to me about Brian. She has been really hateful to me ever since Brian and I went on our first date. 
“I don’t know why, but she just really hates me all of a sudden, and she has been really mean. I didn’t plan to hit her. I was just so tired of her picking on me that I didn’t even think... I just reacted, and I hit her. I am sorry that I got suspended and disappointed you both, but I really didn’t mean to do it!” I waited to see what they thought about what I had just said, but their expressions were unreadable. 
Finally, Dad broke his silence and said calmly, “It seems to me that ever since Brian has entered the picture, there has been nothing but problems. First, the whole episode of depression and, now you are getting in fights, getting suspended, and taking it out on your sister. This is unacceptable behavior, and I do not like the changes in you since you have started dating this boy. Your mother and I have discussed it and, of course, you are grounded because of the suspension. We will take your cell phone, and we have also decided that you are no longer allowed to see Brian. We know that you have classes with him, and we cannot stop you from going to school, but you are not allowed to date him, call him, or see him socially from this point forward!” 
I felt as if I was spinning. “NO! That is totally unfair! It is not Brian’s fault that I hit Layla, and I just hit her. I didn’t get into a ‘fight.’ You cannot tell me who to date and who not to... It is my life!” I started crying, and I felt so mad and upset that I was kind of choking on my tears. 
Dad got really mad after that and he yelled, “We absolutely have the right to tell you who you can date! You are fourteen years old and are our child, living in our house, and we will not have you seeing a boy who is bringing nothing but trouble to your life. Go to your room and do not come out again until you have yourself under control and are ready to talk rationally. GO!”
I ran to my room and slammed the door. It is so unfair! I cannot believe that they are going to try and dictate who I can date. 
They loved Brian when he came over and met everyone; I just don’t understand why they are blowing this all out of proportion. 
I only hit her once and she totally deserved it. 
God, I hate Layla! 
I can’t believe this is happening and writing it down here is just making me mad all over again! 
I have to go now and think about what I am going to do. I really like Brian and think that he is sorry for what he did, and I know that it is not his fault that I hit Layla; I just have to find a way to make my parents understand that! 
I have to go figure this all out! 





The Longest Three (Five) Days of My Life:
It is just my luck that in the middle of my suspension there was a weekend, so it was pretty much like being suspended for five days instead of three. My parents made sure that I knew I was being punished the entire time. 
I was like freaking Cinderella! 
I washed and scrubbed every room in the house, did countless loads of laundry, and loads of cooking and cleaning, and that was just inside. I also mowed the grass, raked the leaves, and swept patios, driveways, and sidewalks. Then there was the babysitting. I had to entertain Monica by playing dress up, having tea parties, and watching endless episodes of Dora the Explorer (Can we say extreme torture?). By the time my suspension was over, I was so ready to go to school; I was up, dressed, fed, and waiting at the door for the bus a half an hour early. God, I never want to be suspended again!
Since I had been on lockdown since Friday, Jess had been unable to find out what was going on. She had tried calling, but couldn’t get past my wardens, so she was waiting for me at school. She didn’t even know if I would be coming to school today or not, but she said she had been waiting every day before class to see if I would show. 
“What the heck happened? Where have you been?” Jess asked as she ran over to me. 
“There haven’t been any rumors going around?” I asked, surprised that Layla had not shouted it for all of the school to hear. 
“No, and when I called, your mom just said that you were not available and you would contact me when you were. It was really weird! I figured it had something to do with you and Layla in the bathroom though.”
“Yeah, that is exactly it. Layla went crying to the principal about her nose, and I got called down to the office and suspended. My parents were royally pissed, and I have been jailed for the last five days! It was terrible! I cannot stand Layla, and to make it worse, my parents said they forbid me to see Brian anymore. They are blaming him for the ‘changes’ in my behavior.” I told her all of this as quickly as I could while we walked toward my Algebra class.
“It stinks that you got suspended, but I have to say, I agree with your parents when it comes to Brian. I just don’t think he is as great as he pretends to be! I still haven’t forgiven him for the way he treated you at Homecoming!” Jess squeezed my hand and then we said goodbye so neither of us would be late for class. 
After Algebra, I asked Brian to walk with me to my next class, and I explained what had happened. He looked pretty shocked when I told him about hitting Layla and getting suspended. 
When I told him that my parents no longer wanted me to see him, he said, “That seems pretty harsh, considering I didn’t even know that you and Layla got into it, but I can see where they are coming from. I wish things could be different, but maybe if we give them some time to cool off, we can get them to see that I am not such a bad guy and change their minds. I don’t want to come between you and your family though, so I will respect their wishes.” Brian bent over and brushed my lips lightly with his, then turned and walked away. 
When I turned to walk into class, I saw my mom watching me from down the hall. I stormed over to her and said, “I hope you are happy now! I just told Brian that I am not allowed to see him anymore, and he was totally sweet about it. Not at all the ogre that you and Dad are making him out to be.” 
I turned back around and stomped back toward my class. My mom just stood there and didn’t say anything. 
As I walked to class, I did feel a little disappointed. Why was it so easy for Brian to go along with what my parents said? Did he not care enough to want to fight for our relationship? I am sure I am just overreacting, but still... It makes me wonder. 
I went through the rest of the day ignoring Layla and trying not to watch Brian. 
It was hard. 
They both seemed to be everywhere. When I got to photography class, I felt total despair when I saw that Brian had moved to another table. It was just me, Jess, and Jimmy, and the empty chair that Brian used to sit in. I know that he did it to try and make things easier for me, but it made me totally sad. 
The rest of the day was pretty boring, and when I got home, I did the chores that my mom left on a list for me. Then I went to my room for the rest of the night. I did not go out to join everyone for dinner, and I did not talk to anyone. I just stayed in my room, did my homework, and puzzled over Brian’s easy acceptance of not being able to see me anymore. I’ll admit the more I think about it, the more it is starting to piss me off! 





Some Answers:
It has been over a week since I last wrote. I have had a lot going on with school and everything, so I have just been really busy. I have not taken the time to sit down and write. It seems crazy... When I read my last entry… Everything that has happened… It seems like so many things have changed and developed since the day I told Brian that my parents did not want me to see him anymore. 
Most important is the discussion I had with Layla. It kind of put things in perspective and although it sucks and hurts me, I am glad that we had it out and talked it through. 
The rest of last week, I just focused on homework and spent my time after school hanging out with Jess and Jimmy. We worked on our photography during the week and then the three of us got together on the weekend to hang out and go to the movies and stuff. We really have a lot of fun together just hanging and talking. 
I know, I know, you want to know what happened with Layla, so here it is!
Layla stopped by my house that Sunday. She just showed up at the door, knocked, and asked if we could take a walk. I promised my mom that I would not fight with her, so she said it was fine. 
It was pretty awkward at first; we didn’t know how to begin, so since she made the first step by coming to my house, I decided to start the conversation.
“First of all, I just want to say that I am sorry about hitting you. I was really mad, and the things you said upset me, but that did not give me the right to punch you.”
“Melissa, I would have done the same thing. I have been so horrible to you, and I feel really badly about that, so I decided to come over and come clean. I have some stuff to tell you that may explain why I have been so mean.” Layla looked nervous and kept fidgeting with her hands as we walked. 
“Go ahead, Layla. I want to hear what you have to say. I mean, one moment we were friends and the next you acted like I was your enemy!”
“I know, and I am sorry. That is why I am here. We were not very close last year, but I always thought you were cool and liked hanging out with you. Well, over the summer I had a job working at the Dearborn Flower Market. I guess you can’t call it a job, since I am not old enough for an actual job, but I really liked it. I helped out in the back, stocking and cleaning up and sometimes they would show me how to make arrangements and stuff. Brian worked there over the summer too. He mostly stocked the coolers and the delivery trucks and stuff - just helping out wherever he was needed. 
“We got to know each other really well, and I had a lot of fun working with him... Just talking and hanging out. We never dated and nothing ever happened between us, but I started to really like him. I just loved going to work and getting to know him, and I was really sorry when the summer was ending. I knew that we had to stop working and start school, but I was really hoping that he liked getting to know me as much as I liked getting to know him and that maybe he would want to start dating me or something.” 
As she talked, I felt this knot start to form in the pit of my stomach, and I had conflicting emotions of understanding and jealousy. 
“When we started school again, you and I hit it off right away. I was happy to have a good friend to talk to. But before I could say anything, you talked about how much you liked Brian and that it was your mission to go out with him this year. I know I should have said something right then, but I was surprised to hear that you liked him, and I didn’t want to mess up our friendship when I didn’t even know if Brian liked me or not. When he asked you out and you guys went on that date, I just kind of lost it! I was so totally jealous, and I wished that it was me going out with him instead of you.”
“Layla, I wish you would have said something right away! I liked Brian, but I never would have gone after him like that if I knew that you liked him. I mean, I don’t know what I would have done because I do really like him, but I feel badly that you had this history with him and liked him, and I never knew about it,” I said, stopping on the sidewalk to look Layla in the eye.
“I wish I would have said something too,” she said, “but I wanted to say something now. Not just to apologize for the way I acted and to tell you why I was acting so terribly, but to tell you that I am going to talk to Brian about all of this. I am going to tell him that the things I said about you were lies, and I am going to explain why I was acting like a witch. I am going to tell him how I feel about him, how I have felt about him since the summer, and apologize for my behavior.”
As she spoke, I started to feel dread; Brian and I weren’t seeing each other anymore since my parents said we could not. He and Layla had a history at the Dearborn Flower Market, and Layla had feelings for him. What if he feels the same way and there is nothing I can do about it? 
We made our way back toward my house, walking in silence, both of us thinking about what Layla had just said. 
When we got to my house I looked at Layla and said, “I am happy that you told me, Layla, I hated not knowing why you were so mad at me, and I did not understand why you were acting that way. Now, I do understand. I cannot say that I am happy that you like Brian, or that I hope he feels the same way about you because honestly, I don’t. I still like him, but my parents don’t want me to see him anymore, so we are not seeing each other now. I will say thank you for telling me first and that I do want you both to be happy.”
“Thanks, Melissa. You really are great. I am so glad that you let me come over and explain everything to you. I felt really horrible the last few weeks, and I hope someday you can forgive me. I’ll see you around.” 
And with that said, Layla left and I walked back into my house. 
After that crazy day, the rest of the week went by pretty slowly. It seemed like I saw Layla everywhere, and I saw Brian everywhere. By the end of the week I saw Brian and Layla everywhere... Together. 
I guess she talked to him, and he must have felt the same way about her because they are suddenly inseparable. 
I am not going to lie... It totally hurts, and every time I see them together I feel jealous and sad, and I try to get as far away from them as possible. It sucks because I still have feelings for Brian, but I can’t expect him to wait for my parents to say it is okay for us to date again (I guess), and if he does like Layla, I shouldn’t stand in their way (But, oh, how I want to!). 
So, I have been spending my time with Jess and Jimmy. We are like the Three Musketeers all of a sudden... Doing everything together and having a great time. 
Things are better at home too. I have made up with Megan over our latest spat, and we have been getting along pretty well. She has been spending her free time with Scott; I guess their friendship is back the way it used to be. 
Mom has been pretty sick. She cannot seem to keep anything down, and she looks weak and pale most of the time. This pregnancy seems to be harder on her than the others were. I have been trying to help out by making dinner and helping the kids with homework and stuff. 
Things with Dad have not gotten any better. He is finally talking to me, but our relationship isn’t what it was. I am hoping that things will change soon. I miss the conversations that we used to have, and it makes me sad to think that I have disappointed him so badly, that he doesn’t even want to talk to me about it. 
This weekend Jess and Jimmy and I are planning to go to Frankenmuth for the day with Jess’s family. I can’t wait! I know it is only October, but it is never too early to get in the Christmas spirit! 





Life As I know It:
Frankenmuth was tons of fun. Jess, Jimmy, and I were running around like kids, checking out all of the Christmas stuff and just having a blast. There was no pressure, no awkward moments, just three friends being themselves. 
After the weekend, we all headed back to school. 
When I got home from school on Monday, I heard crying as I got closer to the house. I walked around the side of the house and saw Megan sitting down and leaning against the side of the house. She was holding her legs and rocking back and forth. I dropped my bag and ran over to Megan.
“Megan,” I asked, “are you okay? What happened?”
Megan looked up at me, and I noticed that her lip was bleeding and her cheek was red. She had streaks of dirt and tears going down her face. 
“Some of the girls from school followed me after school and threw rocks at me,” she whispered.
“Oh my gosh, Megan.” I couldn’t believe what she was telling me. “Why would they do that?”
“They have been messing with me, calling me names and shoving me around for a few weeks now. I tried to tell them to leave me alone, and I tried to ignore them, but they just wouldn’t stop! Finally, I told the teacher today what was going on, and she pulled them aside after class to talk to them. I guess that made them really mad, and they decided to come after me. I never thought they would actually hurt me!” 
Megan looked at me and said, “I was so scared, Missy! I kept asking them to stop, but they were laughing, and at first they were just calling me a freak and pushing me, but then Jennifer, she is like the one they all listen to, she picked up a rock and threw it at me. It hit me in the shoulder and really hurt, so I think I yelled, and they all started laughing. Then they all picked up rocks and started throwing them at me. A couple hit me in the face, and that is when I started running. I have never run so fast in all of my life!”
I wrapped my arms around Megan and held on to her. I could not believe what she had just said. I started to think about all of the names I had called her and how I had made fun of her. What if other people heard me saying those things and thought it would be funny if they called her names too? Could this be my fault? 
I love Megan, and I would never want her to be hurt this way. Sure I make fun of the way she dresses sometimes, but I know what a great person she is, and I don’t mean anything by it. But I can see how hurtful those words can be, and how sometimes hurtful words can lead to physical pain. 
I vow to think before I speak and realize the effect my words can have on another person. I also vow to have a little talk with the girls, who thought it would be cool to gang up on my sister, bully her, and throw rocks at her.
“Megan, who else did this besides Jennifer? Are you talking about Jennifer Fisher?”
“Yeah, that is her. She had her friends, Jessica, Cindy, and Tiffany with her.” She put her head on my shoulder. “I don’t want to talk to Mom and Dad about this right now! Please don’t say anything.”
“Okay. Just go to your room, and I will tell them that you didn’t feel well and just went to sleep. That should work!” I helped her get up, grabbed her bag and mine, and we walked into the house.
The rest of the night was pretty uneventful. Mom and Dad believed our scam and Megan made it through the night with no one finding out what had happened to her. She got up early Tuesday and was out of the house before I even came out of the shower. 
I told Jess and Jimmy what had happened with Megan, and they agreed to come with me to Megan’s school. 
We caught a ride with one of Jimmy’s friends (So not allowed to do that!) and were at the school when the final bell rang. We waited outside and split up a bit, so that we could see the kids as they came out of school. 
Jess motioned for us to meet her over by the left side of the school. When I got close enough to see, I saw Megan was being followed by Jennifer and her friends. We let them walk off of school property and then we caught up.
“Hey, Jennifer, “I yelled loud enough for all of the kids on the block to hear me and stop. 
Jennifer and her friends stopped and turned to see who was calling. 
Megan must have recognized my voice because she also stopped and turned around. Then she ran past the girls to stand with us. 
“I hear you guys think it is cool to gang up on Megan four to one. That doesn’t seem fair to me! It looks a little more even now,” I said as we walked a little closer to where they were standing.
Jennifer has jet-black hair and big green eyes, which looked like they were about to pop out of their sockets when she looked at us. 
“We didn’t do anything,” she exclaimed.
“No,” I said, “I can see you didn’t get a chance to do anything yet, but what about yesterday? What about the past few weeks of calling Megan names and shoving her around? Does that make you feel good about yourself? Do your friends think you are cool because you can pick up a rock and throw it at someone without caring whether you hurt them or not? You don’t seem like someone cool to hang out with to me! You look like a bully and a coward!” 
I was talking so loud that I knew everyone could hear me.
“You don’t look too popular right now Jennifer,” Jess said, pointing at the other girls who were trying to back away from Jennifer. “It looks like your so-called friends want to get away from you!”
The rest of the girls started running off in different directions, leaving Jennifer standing alone, looking like she was about to cry. 
“I guess you know what it is like to be the odd man out now. We aren’t going to make fun of you, push you, or throw rocks at you though; we are bigger people than that! We just want you to see how it feels to be alone, with four people standing against you, and no one to help you out. Doesn’t feel so good does it?” 
As I spoke, I saw Scott and Mark come and stand beside Megan. Each of them grabbed one of her hands. 
“See, Megan has real friends, who will stand with her and support her because she is a good person who doesn’t hurt others.” 
I looked at Jennifer right in the eye and said, “See how many friends you have left standing at your side!”
With that, the six of us turned and walked away and didn’t look back. 
It was a great moment! 
Megan came over and put her arm around me as we walked. 
“Thank you guys so much,” she said to all of us. “I cannot tell you how much it means to me that you all did this!”
Later that night, we did tell Mom and Dad what was going on. They were very upset, and I got in trouble for not telling them, but it was worth it. Afterwards, Dad came to my room and sat down on the side of my bed.
“I meant what I said... That you should have told us what happened yesterday, so that we could address it at the school. But I have to say, I am so proud of the way you stood up for your sister! I cannot tell you how much it means to me, and I am sure it means even more to Megan.” Dad leaned over and kissed the top of my head. “Great job, Missy!”
It was a perfect end to a pretty good day. I felt good about standing up for Megan and was happy that my friends and Megan’s were there to support her. 
I guess I was wrong when I thought that having the perfect boyfriend was what I needed to kick-start my freshman year. Having family that support me, and true friends that I can be myself with, are what will make this year the greatest year yet!
I can’t wait to see what happens next!




Keep reading for an excerpt from the second book in the Stories about Melissa Series

xoxoxo

Available Now



First New Journal Entry:
I know, I know, I know... it has been a really long time since I have written anything. In fact, it has been so long that I decided to get this pretty new journal to replace my other one. That one is old news anyway! When I noticed that the last entry was in October and it is now April, I knew that I needed to start fresh.
A lot has changed in the last six months. Jess, Jimmy, and I have been inseparable. My parents call us the Three Musketeers (such an old person saying). I am glad that Jess and Jimmy never actually dated, because now we are the best of friends! Brian and Layla are still hanging out and are annoyingly sweet to me whenever we run into each other (which seems to happen all of the time!). Megan has started seeing Mark and he is at our house all of the time now. I can never seem to get five minutes in the living room or in the kitchen, without them running in and taking over the TV or grabbing a snack. Nothing has really changed with Mikey or Monica, and Mom is still pregnant. She looks like she is about to burst. It seems like she is always in pain and eating weird food (like grits with maple syrup). I feel bad for her! 
Have I mentioned that I really do not want to have kids, EVER!!??
Jess, Jimmy, and I completed our first semester of freshman year and did so great in our Photography class that we were asked to join the Yearbook staff second semester. We are in charge of getting great action pics of the freshman class (It is the best class ever!). So, we spend a lot of time going to events and takings pictures for Yearbook. It has been so much fun and it really has kept our social calendar full. We get invited to all of the best parties and have been to every sporting event. We are always there to hang out and back each other up, and I couldn’t imagine having better friends than Jess and Jimmy.
I am not going to lie... I took the whole Brian and Layla thing pretty hard. I mean, I really liked Brian and thought that we were going to have a shot at a great romance; but, the whole fiasco with the dance and my parents, really messed things up. Then you throw in the Layla thing, and I was totally bummed for a while. Jess and Jimmy did everything they could to cheer my up, but with Brian on the swim team and Layla joining freshman track, they are often the subject of our photos. I see them everywhere and whenever I see how he is with Layla, I am reminded of how great Brian is! Plus, she is in my physical science class... Ugh!
We have been friendly to each other and I really don’t have anything against her anymore, it just makes me sad more than anything. I can’t help thinking, “What if?”
Christmas was a lot of fun. We had the festivities at my Uncle Lou’s house this year. He lives on Runyon Lake in Fenton and we had family members travel from all over Michigan to get together at his place for the holidays. It was sooo much fun! I love going to Uncle Lou’s. He has this great house with so many beds in it that you could sleep in a different bed every night! Everyone just shares rooms and space and kind of snuggle together like a gigantic slumber party. I don’t get to see my cousins that often, but when we do get together we have a blast, especially at Uncle Lou’s! Even though it gets pretty cold at Christmas, we all go outside and make snow angels and snow men. I have this new totally cute set of gloves, hat, and scarf. They look like they are crocheted pink, but they actually have a thick and fuzzy liner, so they keep me warm, while looking totally fab! I bought this beautiful charcoal-gray coat to match and I have to say, they looked really good together. 
There was one day where it was cold enough that the shallow end of the lake froze, and my cousins and I went out and tried to skate around on it. Boy did my mom and aunts flip out when they saw us doing that... My mom still brings it up when she gets mad at me! “What if Monica would have seen you and tried to go out there? You could have been seriously hurt if the ice had broken!” Blah, blah, blah... Nothing bad happened and we had a great time! 
Dad and my uncles went out on the last day and built an igloo for the little kids to play in. They made a big mound of snow and then tunneled into it and hollowed out the inside. The bigger kids went out when they were almost done and decorated the outside to make it look like bricks. It looked pretty cool and I got some great pictures of the kids going nuts playing in there. 
After the holidays, Jess, Jimmy, and I would go sledding on a big hill down the street from Jess’s house. I know, sledding is for little kids, not freshmen, but we had a blast. We would take turns going down together and just laughed until our sides hurt. We had such a great time that for once I was not happy to see the snow start melting. Of course, that only lasted for a minute; then I felt the sun on my cheek. I started imagining flowers blooming, walks at Henry Ford Mansion and Greenfield Village, sun dresses, shorts, tank tops, and flip-flops, and I started to get anxious for the spring! Not to mention Spring Break, which begins next week!
It is eleven o’clock now and I have school tomorrow, so I need to get some sleep. I have caught up, for the most part, from the last entry, and will fill in the rest tomorrow!






Bethany Lopez began self-publishing in June 2011. Since then she has published various YA and NA books. She is a lover of romance, family, and friends, and enjoys incorporating those things in what she writes. When she isn't reading or writing, she loves spending time with her husband and children, traveling whenever possible.

