Tale
ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2019 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



First Story...


Present time and place, a happy colony of fairies lives and thrives within an ocean island which is known as Fairyland underneath the watchful eye of the Fairy Queen.

Each teen fairy is required to attend the Princess and Prince Fairy Academy at the age of thirteen years old until the age of graduation at eighteen years old.

Then, the newly celebrated eighteen-year-old fairy will go to work as the royal fairy rule is dictated by the Fairy Queen. Centuries ago, the first Fairy Queen made a deal with the humans, who currently reside upon the mainland, to care for the young and orphaned human babies inside the human world in four six-hour working shifts until the babe reaches adulthood.

Persia is thirteen years old. This is her first day to attend Fifth Class at the Fairy Academy with her dearest friend and bestest neighbor Yachel. She wears a sparking fairy long gown of pink with a matching fairy cape down to the floor. She will make new fairy friends of gals and guys, selecting her fairy tiara, and then her fairy gem stone. The gem stone releases all her fairy powers to use and abuse upon her new friends and her new foes.

A fairy does not possess a pair of wings like a bug or a broomstick like a witch or an axe like a troll or a pair of sunglasses like a vampire or a set of claws like a werewolf. A fairy elegantly flies inside a golden tinted round coach for skyline transportation around the island.

Persia will learn all these new things and more as a wee fairy tart at her new school.

This is purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you. You are a fairy within Fairyland.





Present day and place and space


1st day Prince and Princess Fairy Academy
Month of August
First day of school as Fifth Class, wee tart


First school day of the week
07:01 a.m.
Home of Persia’s parents
Private bedroom setting of thirteen-year-old Persia
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine
   blue sky and white clouds 
     with three miles-per-hour southerly winds


I awake with a grin and stare at the natural wooden ceiling, rolling off of my warm blankets of yellow hue on top of my bed mattress, running into my tan colored bathroom. I wash my face, brush my teeth, and comb my hair. I smile to the mirror and view a set of slightly crooked white teeth, a head of long wavy black colored hair, and a tone of glowing pale tinted skin staring back while giggling with nervousness.
I spin around and dash toward my open bedroom closet, grabbing it, struggling into a pretty dress of pink color in tea length with tons of shiny sequins and gem stones around my waist, both my shoulders, and down below my boyish-looking waistline.
I slide my naked feet down into a pair of heeled sandals in matching pink hue wiggling my naked toe bones. I grin and giggle at my very first pair of heeled shoes that matches my fancy dress.
I whisper for my eardrums only. “I’m almost ready.”
I spin around and exit out from my room in yellow hue into a narrow hallway in natural wood, running into the living room and then stop.
An adult female displays an average height and average weight body frame, a head of shoulder length black colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of green eye, and is Persia’s mother.
Her mother wears a pair of faded blue jeans over a pair of her heeled sandals in apricot color with a band of sparkling gem stones over her wiggling toe bones also. A matching ankle-length, silky, glittering long cape with a tiny one-foot train covers her sleeveless white colored blouse which is bow tied at her fit waistline with a row of apricot gem stones. She looks up and smiles at her daughter Persia and as her tiara in apricot gem stones twinkles underneath the bright sunlight coming from each interior glass window.
She moves ahead, stops, stands in front of Persia, leaning with a motherly hug and a motherly kiss at the forehead on her daughter, like always, pulling back with a smile and a nod. “You are beautiful, Persia. Are you excited about your first day of Fairy school?”
I smile with nervousness, “Yeah, Mama!”
A male adult displays an average height and average weight body frame, a head of shoulder length black colored hair, a jaw line with dark black whiskers, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of green eyeballs, and is Persia’s father. Her father wears a pair of faded blue jeans over his set of worn but polished cowboy boots in light brown hue. A matching ankle-length, silky, glittering long cape in light brown color with a tiny one-foot train covers his short-sleeved white tinted shirt. The light brown gem stone line goes down the center of the cape, closing up the garment.
He enters the kitchen and smiles at his daughter. His halo headpiece encircles his pale colored forehead which is designed in tiny matching light brown gem stones. He moves ahead, stops, and then stands beside his daughter, pulling her from his wife, leaning over. He provides a fatherly hug and pulls back with a smile to her face. “You are the most beautiful in the land, Persia. You will have fun at the Academy this year.”
I smile. “I’m almost ready.”
He leans over and hugs her, pulling back with a wink to Persia. “Enjoy your first of many Academy days. You understand that we will not be collecting you at sunset like usual. You’re a teenager now and will learn teenager lessons and doing teenager events. We will come at holiday break to the school for you, spending the holiday weeks with us. This particular school requires your undivided attention in your academic studies, making you a valuable resident to the land. Well, it’s time for me to be off to work. I love you, Persia. We will call you once per week…”
I gasp in shock, “How? How can you call me? I don’t have…”
He grins. “This is the reason for your continued academic excellence and education. You will learn the how, what, why, where, when, and who at the Academy, sweetheart.”
“Okay, Daddy!”
He scoots around Persia, stops, and leans over, kissing his wife, pulling back with a smile and a nod. “I’m going. I will see you for lunch here at our house, dear.”
“Enjoy your day, honey.” His wife smiles at her husband.
Outdoor lawn setting, the yard is covered in a series of scattered bare spots in red dirt, a pod of tall yellow colored weeds, and smaller patches of green grass and colorful wildflowers. 
Persia and her mom turn and wave goodbye, seeing him walk out the front door. Then they follow him outdoors strolling towards a golden colored transport that sits flat on top of the ground, without a set of wheels or a pair of skis.
I climb up into the front passenger seat on the transport with a smile in silence and stare through the glass windshield at the landscape.
Her mother slides down inside the driver’s seat, lifting up and touching her long necklace. The long necklace emits a floating band of apricot color. The apricot band streaks toward the western horizon from our house, without end, notifying the other travelers that she is traversing this particular space inside the air waves.
She touches her necklace for a second time. The transport lifts in the air above the scattered spots of bare dirt, colored wildflowers, tall weeds, and green grass.
A single bubble-shaped golden color family fairy coach is owned by a family and flies the family member everywhere within Fairyland. Today, Persia’s mother is flying her toward the new academy institution of learning.
In the front passenger seat, I wiggle side to side and exhale with a puff of nervousness, turning with a smile to see her nose profile. My mother continues to stare down her necklace which is also a communication devise to family and friends and workers. I smile with nervousness. “Why did you pick the color of apricot, Mama?”
In the driver’s seat, she swiftly guides the coach in the air space on top an apricot fairy wave by touching her apricot colored gem stone on her necklace. “The gem stone picked me, honey. Apricot is a favored hue color of orange. Orange represents adventure and social communication. A being of orange is also optimistic, sociable, and extroverted like me.”
I grin with nervousness head nods. “So, I’ll end up picking a favored hue color of orange, too.”
She continues to drive the coach and turns to see Persia. “I don’t know, Persia. You selected the color of pink from the clothing store, because you liked the color, which signifies sweetness. I agree with your color selection and that personality trait, honey,” she turns and stares through the windshield at the other lanes of colored fairy waves that fly above and then below her golden colored coach.
I frown with puzzlement in silence at her nose profile.
I had not picked out the color of pink. The mom of Persia had picked out the color of pink from the clothing store for her daughter.
I turn and scan the pale blue sky, seeing the lanes of colored fairy waves that bombard the blue color with a stern face. “Yeah, sweetness! Mama, will…?”
She continues to drive the coach and talks the windshield and the other lanes that hold a golden flying coach also. “I’m happy for you, Persia. You’ll have lots of fun plus lots of learning about our land.”
I turn and smile at her nose profile again, “Yeah! Mama, will…?”
“You will meet every single thirteen-year-old from the land. Each teen is required to attend the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy at that age. You’ll learn about lots and lots of things.”
“Yeah! Mama, will…?”
“We live about fifty miles from the Academy building but we are traveling faster in our family fairy flying coach. This is one of many reasons for you are attending and then staying there on the academy campus.” She watches the blue sky with numerous lanes of glowing fairy waves with an individual coach that flies up and down throughout the air waves with caution. “O poo! Why are we slowing down now?” She turns and smiles at Persia. “The first day of Academy is always the ‘bestest and busiest.’”
I turn and scan the pale blue sky and the numerous colored lanes of fairy waves with an individual golden coach also and wear a puzzled brow. “I have never seen so many beat up and ancient flying coaches in my short thirteen years of life, Mama. I thought our family coach was the ‘worsest’ of the lot.”
“Persia!”
“I am sorry, Mama! Our family fairy coach isn’t shiny new or newly painted. The golden metal is shredding like a set of dead golden flower petals in the wintertime. I can see Yachel and her family’s flying fairy coach too. It’s not shiny new or newly painted either. I see lots of no shiny new or newly painted flying fairy coaches too. Why is each fairy coach old and scratchy? Hey! That lavender fairy wave is moving ahead of us.” I point at the flying coach through the side window.
A set of loud bells chime in deep dong in the far distance. The sun is shining on top of each fairy house. Each house does not gleam with beauty but dulls in an ugly dark brown wood.
A set of holes and peeling white paint from a set of massive columns in front of a new tall structure appears. I examine the Academy with a confused brow. “Is this my new school?”
“Yes. I am ascending upwards into an air spiral. Each coach lands one at time down from the skyline while twirling flat onto the pavement like some type of grand entrance for you, honey. So, we have to wait our turn for your grand entrance into the Academy.”
I slam a nose bridge against the side glass window in the coach. “Okay.” I view the landscape and point down to each object. “I can still see our tiny wooden house way over there. And I see Yachel’s ranch house and farm way over there too.”
She slowly descends the coach down inside the air spiral with a smile. “We’re lucky today. The day is bright and clear of cloud cover for some good bird eye’s viewing. I’m sorry that we’ve never traversed over here, before today, since Fairyland is both massive and beautiful. Your dad and I just don’t have the extra time in the week or weekend. We’re always busy with you or working our…”
“Wow.” I finger the big structure below our coach. “The Academy floats in the sky off the land…”
She looks down to see the object. “The main building was built a long time ago, before the nightly flooding on the landscape coming from the ocean waters. To save the Academy, an enchantment charm holds the building and all the attached satellite structure above the ground. The main building is eight stories high with a basement level underneath the front porch. The basement floods during the nighttime. Do not go down there for any reason. I do believe it is restrictively off limits, because of the dangerous rising tides. Six columns surround each face of every square shaped structure, making the campus both fancy and grand to my eyeballs. The front porch holds a set of rocking chairs. Other side buildings shoot out from the main house, containing the class rooms and the lecture halls and the sleeping rooms. There is set of barn stables with beasties and mill houses for food too. The mill houses prepare the meals for the students and the Academy staff.”
I nod. “I see the floating main building and each floating satellites. What’s on top of the main building? That isn’t a sloped rooftop like our house.”
“It is called a watcher station, watching out for trouble around the Academy. Each station has four different geographical directions, allowing a Watcher fairy to see the landscape, wildlife, animals, and invaders.”
“Invaders!” I frown with worry.
She laughs. “I joke, honey. There has never been an invasion here at the academy or on the land…”
“Wow.” I smash my face into the glass window in the direction of each object. “I see other structures. What’s that building on my left? What’s that building on my right?”
“You will learn all at Academy, honey.”
“Yeah! Mama, will…?”
She turns and views the rear skull on Persia. “Are you nervous about living away from us for nine months? That’s a long time for a new teen. I was nervous too. I still remember my first day at the Academy, a long time ago. But, you’ve have fun, meeting new teens and making new friends.”
I grin down at the ground and structures. “My best friend will be there with me. Yachel turned thirteen years old almost five months ago. My birthday was two days ago.”
She nods. “O poo! Yes! You will be one of the youngest students in your class. As a matter of fact, you will be the youngest student in the entire school. Don’t worry. You’re young, but talented like your mama,” she returns back and steers the coach.
I return back and gasp in shock at her nose profile. “Don’t worry about what, Mama! Why should I worry about that? What do I have to be worried about, Mama? How am I talented like you, Mama?”
She looks down and rolls her finger on top of apricot gem stone, closing her eyelashes. The fairy coach slowly lands down on top of the rough pavement with a slight thud.
I continue to sit and exhale with nervousness, seeing my new school.
There are six tall weather beaten peeling columns about ten feet apart making the front porch sixty feet in length. At the bottom step on the single wooden staircase, a short cracked and busted walking sidewalk lies in the dry dir. A line with both male and female adults stands on each side of the staircase, leading up towards the front porch that holds a line of rocking chairs.
Each adult wears a dark brown colored, ankle-length cape over their personal clothing, a set of matching brown gems either a female fairy tiara or a male fairy halo.
The mom of Persia does not park or stop the roaring of engines on their family fairy coach.
Beside the passenger door, a tall teen male reaches over and opens the door on Persia’s coach, nodding with a smile in silence. A second teenage, who is a tall male, extends his naked arm to Persia.
Persia scoots out from the seat and stands on top of the broken sidewalk, stepping her sandal down into a deep pothole of red dirt, falling forward. The teen male reaches out and grabs her naked arm, steadying Persia to balance upright. She looks up with a giggle and a smile to see him. He winks with a smile back to her.


08:01 a.m.
Front porch setting
Warm temperatures with bright sun and scattered clouds
  

An adult female displays a tall and overweight body frame with a head of brown colored hair, a tone of brown tinted skin, and a pair of brown colored eyes. She strolls ahead, stops and stands in front of Persia, wearing numerous aqua colored gem stones on her long fairy cape and in her fairy tiara, saying with a nod and a smile. “Welcome, Miss Persia, to the Academy! This direction, it will show you the banquet room for your first day of session which will be serviced by your personal escort Master Gable.”
The teen male displays a short and skinny body frame, a set of spaced teeth, a head of curly brown hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of aqua colored eyeballs. He giggles and mouth spits between his pair of parted lips.
Persia back steps with a frown of disgust and hits the closed door of our family coach.
Gable wears a pair of faded blue jeans underneath a baby blue ankle-length fairy silk cape.
The adult female reaches out and grabs the naked arm on Persia, dragging the student towards Gable, saying with a smile and a nod. “Do not be shy, Miss Persia! Every teen is nervous today. Master Gable, please, show Miss Persia the entrance hall, leading to the banquet room for her first day at the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. Have a good fairy day, Miss Persia and Master Gable!”
Gable reaches out, touches the naked hand on Persia, and then releases her limb, slowly moving ahead beside her, climbing up. Each one scoots around the hole on each wooden step and advances toward the front porch at the grand Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
I slowly move ahead and frown with puzzlement at the front porch setting.
Each upright tall wooden column appears worse in eyeball range rather than from the air view. The paint is peeling or missing pieces on the wooden planks. Some type of happy rodent family is living inside the far column, hanging by toenails, wiggling its tail at each teen for hello.
He stumbles up each step and reaches out, grabbing her arm, squeezing the flesh on Persia for his foot support on the top of each crumbling step while mouth spitting his salvia between his pair of parted lips, “Yeah. Okay. Shore thing. Up the stairs. I’m Gable. My dad is a...”
I slowly sidestep around the rotten wood and each broken planks on the steps and stomp onto the front porch. The rock stone floor on the porch is cracked with a set of wiggly lines or numerous small fusions of ripped piece of hard rock. Each glass window is dirty and broken. A set of spidery cracks occupy the non-broken glass pane. A row of adults in a dark brown colored fairy cape stand between each broken glass window panes like an army of soldier. One adult hits and then parts one of the double doors with his hand and a stern face in silence, staring at Gable and Persia.
I quickly glance at the front door and see lines of rotten wood, splintered holes, and a broken door knob.
Gable and Persia move through the single archway and slowly stomp together into an empty hallway.
The front door closes.
I guide away from his mouth spit and the nasty smell of my escort. “Do you need a pair of eyeglasses or a hearing devise? You don’t need to stand so close to me. As a matter of fact, you can release my arm. I’m losing blood circulation.” I move ahead and veer toward the side wall inside the dark tinted hallway.
He continues to hold her arm and moves with Persia towards the same sidewall too.
I continue to stroll and stare at each object and the dull, dirty hallway. “What’s the importance of an entrance hall? I see nothing but dark walls…”
He turns with a puzzled brow and stares at the side wall, “Uh! Pictures in color!”
I finger the wall with a smile. “There exists a row of individual colored photographs with the queen of the land from present back towards the past.” I reach over and slap his arm for fun with a smile. “I don’t like your baby blue cape. How long have you been escorting girls to the banquet room this morning?”
He scratches his forehead and also drools more mouth spit salvia over his pair of parted lips. “Me, either! My dad dropped me off about five minutes ago. That female jerked me out the coach and told me to stand on the sidewalk next to the Fairy Collectors,” he looks down to see the floor. “Did you notice that the walking sidewalk was filled with lots of broken up rock slabs and big holes of dirt showing off the red clay? The front glass windows are busted along with the double front doors. And this interior floor is rough walking down through the hallway,” he slaps the wood with his cowboy boot toe. “The wood is old, cracked, and need some good hand polishing. Some wooden planks need replacing too.”
I look down and stare at the wooden floor too.
He looks up and pointes to the ceiling. “The ceiling consists of rotten wooden planks, not pretty painted wood. I guess the plantation house of the Academy is older than the Fairy Queen. What do you think, Persia?”
I look up and stare at the ceiling and then look down to see the ugly hallway with a stern face. “I guess...”
Gable mouth spits and stops in front of the open archway. “We’re here.”
They stand in front on an archway which is blocked by another adult.
The adult male is tall and muscular with a tone of pale tinted skin, a pair of blue colored eyes, and a head of short blonde colored hair. He wears a brown colored, ankle-length fairy cape underneath a pair of faded blue jeans. He possesses a pair of dark brown boots and a dark brown tinted halo over his forehead. He stares at the two young teens, thumbing over his collar bone with a stern face. “Girls on your left. Boys on your right.”


08:13 a.m.
Banquet room location
Thirteen-year-old fairy table setting
Breakfast meal


I enter the banquet room and stroll to the left side on the side wall of wooden planks. A round table wears a pink tinted tablecloth for sweetness. I roll my eyeballs and then look down at the table, scooting down at the last empty seat next to my bestest friend and dearest neighbor Yachel.
Yachel leans over and fist-bumps with Persia, giggling with a grin. “Check out our future boyfriends.” She fingers the opposite side of the room and points to a rounded table with teen males.
The room is configured with a center aisle of emptiness that is separated with numerous circular wooden tables. Each table holds a group of males or females and is not nicely mixed together either. Each table is color-coordinated with group of the seated occupants too.
I wear a pink dress and a matching long fairy cape like my friend Yachel. Plus, I look like the other thirteen-year-old girls that hang onto the pink tinted table cloth. The thirteen-year-old male table contains numerous boys, who wear a short-sleeved pale blue colored tee shirt, a pair of blue jeans, a pair of polished boots, and a baby blue fairy cape.
Along the side walls, there is a row of single wooden chairs in non-matching wooden designs, holding an adult in her or his colored head piece and a matching fairy cape. They are the mentors here at the Academy, studying and then teaching each new and old teen fairy students.
The wooden table, ahead of Persia, is colored in dull red for both females and males, who are fourteen years old. The table, before them, is colored in bright green for each fifteen-year-old female and male fairy. Each sixteen-year-old teen wears a long, black colored, silk, fairy cape and sits behind a black hue tablecloth.
The seventeen-year-old teens are dressed in different shades of color and are separated into two tables also.
I study the banquet hall with a smile.
Each table is covered with a ratty and patched colored fabric tablecloth, including Persia’s table. Each side wall in rotten or dull wooden planks inside the banquet room needs some bright cherry paint. The floor is wooden which needs polishing. There is a single row of low glass windows on one side wall that is both dirty and cracked which is similar to the front porch glass windows.
I frown with puzzlement and look down, staring at my eating table. I sit in the rear of the room near the breezy archway. The open windows emit hot heat and no wind from the hot day of August.
I lean over and whisper back to my friend, staring at my competition, the other thirteen years old maidens. “What about the competition for our future boyfriends, Yachel?”
Yachel possesses an average height and average weight body frame, a head of long waist length dirty blonde colored hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of violet colored eyes. She looks at each girl at her table with a smile. “Let’s see. I know Zann and Apella and Kuelle ...”
“Come again!” I frown with puzzlement and scan each face at my table. “I don’t know these girls. Where do they live?”
Yachel grins. “Throughout the land…”
An adult female displays a tall and queen-sized body frame with a head of short blonde colored hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of pale tinted skin. She wears a long, silky fairy cape in bright yellow with a set of matching gem stones. The color and gem stones match her tiara too. She appears and stands in the center aisle between the lines of eating tables.
On each table, there is a plate and a cup filled with food and liquid.
The female raises both of her arms for greeting and attention when her palm jewelry of bright yellow color glitters from the sunlight, saying with a nod and a smile to each teen. “Welcome to all! Welcome to our first day of session! I am the head mentor of Fairyland’s Princess and Prince Fairy Academy. My name is Fairy Mentor Daffodil. You will be introduced to our academic mentors later, after your breakfast meal. Each morning, we will gather here for any bold announcements and some brief social exchanges for enjoying our first day’s meal. After mealtime, you will attend the first session of your academic classes throughout the day with your class mates. In the evening, your meal will be taken inside your sleeping suite, while you get acquainted with your new or old students. I do believe that you have noticed the different colors of capes.
“Our Fifth Class or the thirteen years old fairies come to the Academy in the newborn colors of pale pink for girls and pale blue for boys.”
Some of the older males coo like a dove and then laugh.
Daffodil turns and frowns at each mischievous male teen. “Do not think for an instant that I have not recorded that vile deed, boys. You will see me after the breakfast male.”
Each teen male frowns with worry.
She turns and smiles to each teen again. “My presentation is basically for the new students. You start here in the Academy as a pink hue or a blue tint and then move up the array of colors. The color designates your specific degree of talent skills as a learning flock of new fairies. Please, do not be discouraged. Each class holds an array of bright colors, dull colors, brilliant colors, and soft colors. A color spectrum contains numerous hues which equal your fairy talent. This is purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you. You are a fairy. We do not possess a set of flapping ugly wings as the fairy tale goes. We are varied in heights, weights, skin tones, and hair colors. We are a class of supernatural beings with a set of magical powers too. I have concluded my short lecture for the day. Let us break the bread and spread the butter in peace as fairies.”
At the pink tinted tablecloth, I look down and stare at the plate, reaching out, touching the object with a confused brow. “It feels hard like a rock.”
Yachel grabs and chews the bread while spitting out her chewed food particles in the air with a grin. “It’s food. Is this our breakfast? Where’s my stack of buttermilk pancakes or a pot of scrambled eggs or the pan of buttermilk biscuits?”
The teen female displays a petite body frame with a head of red colored hair, a tone of pink tinted skin, and a pair of green colored eyes. She turns and frowns at Persia. “The ritual comes from our rich yesteryear, when the first Fairy Queen possessed only a dry piece of soft, warm bread. She shared the bread with a starving handsome male, who only possessed a pat of rich creamy hot butter and then the two married…”
“…and mated,” giggles Yachel.
The female turns and smiles to Yachel. “And then they became the first royal couple here in Fairyland.”
“I like fairy tales too,” Yachel mouth spits more chewed food particles with a laugh.
I slam the bread with a fork which is missing one prong. Then I pick up and examine the dull knife that can’t cut a tree leaf. “Is the bread really soft and warm inside? I can’t cut it open to see or taste or nothing.”
The same female exhales with a puff of frustration and lifts her bread in the air near her jaw line. “You’re supposed to tear the bread, not cut it, tart. I am Apella. My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers. And you are…”
“Hungry!” Yachel reaches out and grabs the bread from Persia, tearing it in half, placing the other half back on Persia’s plate with a smile.
I giggle, grab, and eat the hard bread with my fingers and my front teeth, chewing the hard substance with an open mouth.
Yachel grins with a set of chewed food particles between her front teeth, slapping her chest with a smile. “I’m Yachel. And this is not really my first enjoyable experience meeting you, either, but I guess the very first impression burned into my retinas can change over time after about twenty to thirty years from our first introduction at the Academy.”
A new teen female displays a tall body frame with a head of long auburn colored hair, a tone of bronze tinted skin, and a pair of brown colored eyes. She tears her bread and smile to each face. “I’m Zann. My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers too.”
Yachel says. “My parents are a pair of fairy farmers.”
Apella frowns with confusion. “You mean to say that your parents are a set of land workers.”
Yachel frowns. “Yeah. I mean to say that they work as workers on the farm, growing food as a set of fairy farmers. You’re really swift there, Apella.”
I say. “My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers too.”
Daffodil stands upright from the staff table in front of the room with the other fairy mentors, saying with a smile and a nod to each teen, tossing both arms in the air. “Attention, students! The bread has been broken and spread. Please, stand and wait for your class mentor. Good luck and swift learning today and throughout the fairy school year.”
“Daffodilly is too cheery in the morning time for me.” Yachel swiftly stands upright from the wooden chair and wipes off the bread crumbs down from her pink cape and her matching pink tea length dress.
Each teen slowly stands upright from the chair and slowly strolls out from the banquet room, following the other fairies to the first academic class on the first day of the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.


08:30 a.m.
1st period hour
Fairy Lore class location
Interior classroom setting


The entire room is colored in solid white and glows in smooth plastic on the ceiling, the floor, and each wall, without a glass window. You cannot view outside the pretty day of white clouds and the tall green trees. A set of smooth, rounded, white colored plastic chairs stand in five rows from the front wall towards the entrance wall in the rear of the room.
The illumination of light inside the square room comes from the reflective plastic material.
I enter the room and select a chair beside Yachel, who sits in the third row near the solid white plastic wall.
I scoot down into a curved seat and feel the smooth plastic on my fanny and my two legs, but I am totally eye blinded from viewing the side walls, the rear wall, the rear door, Yachel, and the other white chairs on either side. I grin with excitement and stare at the solid white colored front wall, a front row of rear curved chairs, and finally the fairy mentor or fairy teacher.
I drag an extended white tray, which is rectangle shaped with a rounded edge, over my lap. The tray is not marred with a single ugly black or colored scratch or a single pencil holder for writing a note from my future academic lessons. I pull it to my chest.
I rub the smooth white tray and find a shallow rounded pocket slot which is located top center on the tray that holds something with mystery.
The female fairy mentor or teacher displays tall and queen-sized body frame with a head of brown colored hair, a tone of brown tinted skin, and a pair of brown colored eyes. She wears an aqua gem stone broach pin on the front of her gown.
She also wears a long aqua colored fairy cape and a set of matching gems in her tiara, serving as the morning greeter at the front of the Academy. She stands with a smile and a nod in front of a solid white wall without a teacher desk or a textbook or a ruler or a pencil, motioning with her hand for each teen to enter her classroom.
Yachel scoots the tray away from her chest and learns forward from her chair, viewing the nose profile on Persia, whispering “Pfft!”
I grin and shuffle my tray away from my breasts, leaning forward from my chair to see Yachel.
Yachel fingers the teacher and then the tray with a smile. “I met her this morning. This is a reader-tray. We can write messages to each other during class time without talking or being caught by the instructor.”
I look down with a smile and touch the tray. “Cool! A reader-tray. How do I write a message? I don’t have a pencil or pen...”
Yachel eye rolls and then grins back at her best friend. “Persia, we are fairies. You write with your finger, using your finger nail or the finger pad, spelling out the letters in black hue, forming the word in black. Then, you add the black words together to form a sentence...”
“I know how to write, read, and add, tart. The teacher greeted me at the entrance doors this morning too. Then, Master Gable escorted me down that rough-looking hallway into the more rough-looking banquet hall. What’s up with the paint job at the Academy?”
Yachel grins. “An institution of learning something other than painting and polishing the floors, because I ain’t doing that, darling.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance at her. “Is that your wise advice for the day?”
Yachel touches the plastic reader-tray with both of her hands, saying with a smile and a nod to Persia. “Yup! And don’t forget to eat your vegetables at lunchtime.”
The female fairy mentor cups both of her hands in front of her aqua colored fairy cape, facing each student with a smile and a nod. “Welcome to the Academy!”
I lean back into the chair and scoot the reader-tray in front of my breasts, cupping my hands on top of the smooth tray, facing the fairy mentor in silence.
The fairy mentor nods. “I greeted you this morning for your first day of session. I am your class mentor which means if there is any trouble between two or more teen fairies, then I will handle it. If there is any trouble between me and you, then I will handle it. And if there is any trouble in the Academy, then I will handle it too. Is that clear? Good. This is your first session, of the day, every morning starting tomorrow at nine o’clock, after your breakfast meal. Today, both the hours and sessions are shortened on the first day of session. The class subject is Fairy Lore. I am Fairy Mentor Ibbie. You will address me as Mentor Ibbie or ma’am or mentor.” She removes her aqua gem stone broach from her dress and spins around to face the solid wall, placing her broach inside an embedded pocket in the center of solid plastic white wall which is above her brown tinted hair roots.
Each wall, the floor, and the ceiling around the room turn into the color of neon green and then changes into a life-size female. The female possesses a tall body frame with a head of long blonde colored hair, a tone of pale tinted skin, wearing a red short dress, a pair of blue wings on the back spine, and a set of bare feet.
I twirl my reader-chair around the room, since I can’t see behind or beside me, confirming the image on each wall. The pretty female fairy is projected on each wall, the ceiling, and the floor of solid white plastic material.
I smile with excitement and slowly swirl my reader-chair back toward the front of the classroom.
Gable smiles from the rear row inside the room. “See this!”
I feel my chair and tray slowly swirl from the front towards the rear of the room, where I face Gable.
Gable is sitting in a duplicate reader-chair in the next to last row. The other fairy males occupy the last two rows, while the fairy females are scattered among the first four rows.
I feel slightly dizzy and turn to view Yachel.
She and her reader-chair also have turned around from the front toward the rear wall, where she faces Gable, too.
I view the other side and see each reader-chair with a teen. Each reader-chair has turned from the front wall towards the rear wall, where each teen faces Gable, also.
In the row, on the end, Gable says with a nod and a smile to each fairy, pointing to the wall and then back down to his reader-tray. “My tray displays the same picture in miniature. Wow! This is reader-tray. It reads and shows any type of image, picture, text, musical notes, or entertainment movie...”
In front of the solid wall inside the classroom, Mentor Ibbie says with a smile and a nod. “Very good, Master Gable.”
My reader-chair and tray slowly swirls around to face the mentor again. I feel slightly dizzy again.
Ibbie says with a nod and a smile. “You are occupying a reader-chair with a reader-tray.”
I slap and glide both of my hands over the colorful picture on top of the tray. It doesn’t shiver or quiver or disappear.
Gable turns and fingers the wall. “Fairies don’t have wings…”
My reader-chair slowly swirls around again to face him again. I frown with dizziness.
The other reader-chairs have also turned around along with Persia to face Gable, again.
In the front row of chairs before, and, now, it is the last row of chairs. Apella frowns with confusion and faces Gable, tossing both of her arms in the air. “Why do I keep spinning from the front towards the rear of the room? I selected this frontal position specifically to view the mentor and all the sessions for a proper education at the front of the classroom, not the rear of the classroom.”
My reader-chair spins and faces Apella. She sits on the front row, but her reader-chair is facing my body.
The other reader-chairs spin around and face Apella, too.
In front of the solid wall in the classroom, Ibbie says with a smile and a nod. “Your answer is very good, Master Gable.”
The reader-chair with fairy princess Apella slowly swirls around and then faces the mentor.
In front of the solid wall, Ibbie says with a nod and a smile. “Your reader-chair will automatically swirl to the current speaker during the academic session.”
Gable holds his face with a sour frown and shakes his skull. “I’m getting dizzy from the spinning.”
My reader-chair slowly swirls around and faces him, after his vocal comment.
Ibbie nods. “Please, may I ask for no further comments from the students at this time, until I have completed my lecture!”
My reader-chair slowly swirls around and faces Ibbie. I slap my face with dizziness also.
Ibbie smiles, “The reader-chair will automatically swirl to the vocal speaker during your session. However, you are a fairy and part of your training as a fairy is to control the reader-chair with your mental thoughts. For example, when Master Gable shouts another comment, you command your reader-chair to pose and stay at the front of the classroom. Or you relax your thoughts, allowing the reader-chair to swirl side to side or around to face him or the current vocal speaker. Beware! We will be involved in some heavy discussions of Fairy Lore with many of the students actively participating. If you do not control your thoughts and your reader-chair, then you will eventually vomit up your breakfast entrée from the morning,” she chuckles with the teens.
She nods. “The purpose of the reader-chair allows the participant to view and debate any other student with any on-going hot fairy topic. I have completed my first lecture. Now, I will move along with the rest of the day’s Fairy Lore session. I must confess as a mentor of learning, I am greatly disappointed that the Academy does not award numeric points or lettered grades of excellent for good work or the reverse, giving out numerous demerits of poor performance. You are here to discover your purpose. Your purpose is embedded into your soul as a fairy and not even your mother or father or grandmother can deduct your job function, your destiny, or your life.”
I exhale with nervousness and cup my hands over the smooth tray, viewing Ibbie and then I feel slight heat underneath my naked arms. I view the flat tray of the reader-chair and see a group of black colored words that has formed a complete sentence. The black colored sentence covers the center of my white colored reader-tray.


My destiny is a farmer, present and future.


I frown down at the complete sentence and then hear Yachel’s giggle. I lean over and view the side on my reader-chair, but I cannot see her and then understand.
Yachel has written a message on her reader-tray using her finger pad which has appeared on my reader-tray.
I smile and wipe my hand over Yachel’s sentence. It disappears, leaving the white smooth surface on the tray again.
In front of the classroom, Ibbie waves her hand. The solid white wall behind her rear skull changes into a single page of black colored words.
I view the same page of black colored words on top of my reader-tray, on each solid white wall, the solid white ceiling, and the solid white floor.
Ibbie reads the wall of words in front of her face. “I am a fairy...”
I smile and touch my reader-tray with my fingers, whispering for my eardrums only. “The tray shows the page with those exact words. I am a fairy...”
I fingernail-write on top of my reader-tray in a line of black words as the reader-tray splits in half. The right side shows the Fairy Lore words coming from Mentor Ibbie.
The left half on the tray shows my fingernail written sentence that goes only to my friend Yachel and her reader-tray…Is she going to read us the entire text?


Yachel writes with her fingernail back to Persia, showing up on both of the reader-trays…Yeah!


In front of the classroom, Ibbie turns to face the side wall and reads out loud with a stern face for each pair of eardrums. “I am a fairy. I do not possess wings. I vary in height, weight, skin, and hair color. I would like for each fairy to stand please.”
Persia slides out from the plastic seat of her reader-chair with a chuckle and a smile, standing with the other teen.
Ibbie spins around and smiles at each standing teen fairy. “I would like for you to turn and view your desk buddy and your surrounding neighbors, verifying my proclamation.”
I smile and scan the room and each fairy.
Apella stands inside the front row with another girl.
Tall and red haired Zann stands inside the second row on the other wall with another girl.
I don’t know all the kids or names like Yachel. All the males stand from a plastic seat in the rear of the classroom.
Ibbie says to each fairy. “Please, sit down now!”
I scoot back down into the plastic seat on the reader-chair. The tray has split in half. The right side shows the page from Ibbie. The left side shows the beginning of a new sentence from Yachel.


Yachel fingernail-writes on top of her reader-tray to Persia…. I take Stad, Hadwin, Molfalso, and handsomely cute Britton.


I smile and fingernail-write on top of my reader-tray to Yachel…How do you know all these kids?”


Yachel fingernail-writes back…I see them around the town. You need to expand your playground, Persia.


I frown and fingernail-write…My parents?!?!


Then, I wipe all of our funny black colored sentences away with a hand, exhaling with frustration and disappointment.
Ibbie says to each fairy without a smile. “You have verified with your five senses that a fairy guy or gal can come in a different shape and size along with a different personality and a set of fairy talents. A fairy is a supernatural being that possesses a set of magical powers...”
“Hey!” Gable stands upright from his reader-chair and points at each wall with a sour frown. “The wall didn’t change into a picture of a watermelon that I wanna see…”
My reader-chair slowly swirls around to see Gable. Then, I mentally think it to stop, but it continues to swirl, facing Gable. I see that half of the reader-chairs turn around and face Gable also including Yachel’s and Zann’s, but not Apella’s.
In front of the classroom, Ibbie slaps her arm backwards and places her hand on top of the embedded gem stone aqua broach pin that rests inside the wall, when an invisible force pushes Gable back down into his reader-chair. The teens laugh as Ibbie smiles to Gable. “A fairy is a supernatural being that possesses a set of magical powers within the body…”
My reader-chair swirls around and faces Ibbie. I frown with dizziness, holding a face of frustration.
Ibbie says to each fairy without a smile. “However, the magical powers can only be corralled and then harnessed through a conduit. We are not a set of witches or wizards or ghosts or werewolves or trolls. We are fairies. My fairy conduit is my broach pin with a gem stone. When I touch or wave any desired body part over the aqua gem stone inside my golden tinted broach pin, I command my inner talents. Each one of you possesses a range of inner powers. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you.”
The page in the electronic book turns inside the reader-tray with her fairy magic. I gasp with amusement.
Ibbie turns and stares at the opposite side wall, reading the page out loud to all eardrums. “In addition to your purpose, each fairy will exhibit at all times...”
In the next to last row of reader-chairs, Gable shouts out loud with a set of mouth drool and a laugh, “Wee little folks of peace and quiet!”
My reader-chair starts to swirl around and face Gable from his vocal outburst. I stop it half-way and return it to face the front of the class. I hear the giggles coming from my best friend Yachel and feel the heat on my arm from the reader-tray. I view the sentence from Yachel on the left side of my reader-tray.


Yachel fingernails-writes on top of her reader tray back to Persia…Are you bored? I really bored, except when I do a sideways quick glance at Stad. He’s so handsomely cute. Can I call a guy cute? Or does he get upset with that term?


I smile and fingernail-write on top of my reader-tray back to Yachel…Your teen hormones are beating you up, Yachel.

I feel my reader-chair slightly turn to Yachel, closing the eyelashes, stopping the swift movement. I continue to face the front of the room. I feel the heat from the tray, seeing a new sentence on the left side of the tray.


Yachel fingernails write…You do know why we’re really here.


I grin and fingernail-write…To beat up on Apella! I’m not especially fond of that girl. She’s a...


I feel my reader-chair slightly turn to face Apella as I mentally stop the movement. I exhale with a puff of frustration and twirl my chair to face Ibbie again while feeling heat from the left side of my tray on my left arm.


She fingernail-writes on the reader-tray to Persia…Smartie! I’m glad handsomely cute guys like pretty dumb girls like you.


I frown and fingernail-write…I’m not a dumb bunny, Yachel.


Ibbie reads out loud from the floor to each new student. “I attend the Academy. I wear my fairy cape for all academic sessions and social functions. I will obey each fairy mentor. I will discover my purpose. What are the primary characteristics for each fairy princess and prince to exhibit during the tenure of Academy? The answers are the characteristics of grace, pose, balance, charm and honor.”
I stare down at the black colored, glowing string of words on my reader-tray, occupying the entire surface with a whisper and a sour frown, “What the fig does those black tinted words me? Nothing to me is grace, pose, balance, charm and honor.”
I fingernail-write on my reader-tray back to Yachel, when the tray splits in half again…Am I supposed to be writing this stuff down someplace else like on my forearm, since lacking a pen, a pencil, an ink feather, a computer pad, or a single sheet of paper? Do you know, Yachel?


Yachel fingernail-writes with a smile back to Persia…Persia, we are sent here to find our soul mate, our loving husband, our life time sweetheart.
I gasp and then grin, when my reader-chair swiftly swirls around and faces the line of cute males in the last two rows. The fairy students turn and laugh at Persia. I gasp in shock.
Each cute and ugly male teen performs an eye wink and a hand wave to Persia.
I turn strawberry red with embarrassment.
In front of the classroom, Ibbie says with a sour frown at the single rear reader-chair. “The reader-chair and you are one entity, Miss Persia.”
The reader-chair with Persia slowly swirls around and faces Ibbie.
Ibbie smiles to Persia. “The reader-chair will automatically turn to face any vocal speaker inside the room for the current hot debate topic of a learned lesson, unless you stop the rotating movement. And the reader-chair will automatically turn to face any student within your wandering mental thoughts, unless your control your heated teen girly hormones, Miss Persia.”
I swallow with nervousness and turning bright red again while making my mind blank. “Yes ma’am.”
Ibbie nods to each fairy. “This is my second lecture for the session,” she waves a hand.
Each wall, the ceiling, and the floor, all return back into a set of four solid white colored walls along with each reader-tray of the fairy student.
Ibbie says with a nod and a smile. “Our class time has ended. I will remind, after the breakfast meal, you will come here to work with me on another tale of Fairy Lore. Please, adjoin to your sleeping suite. This is satellite number nine. Your sleeping suite is located inside the school building numbers one and two. One is the female sleeping suites. Please, follow the main hallway back to the entrance hall and then turn to the right, before the banquet room. I would change out of your pretty fancy dress, girls. You may wear any form of clothing here. However, I will tattle in advance. Your next class is outdoors in the fresh air and sunshine, so I would dress appropriately.”
Fairy Lore Class ends at 08:35 a.m.



08:36 a.m.
Hallway setting


The classroom door opens.
I scoot out from my reader-chair without smiling and spin around to face the archway, exiting the classroom.
Yachel dashes from the class and pulls up, tapping Persia on the collar bone.
I slow my racing pace with a stern face.
Yachel pulls up with a grin and a giggle and leans into the nose profile of Persia. “I like not toting around an arm load of books or a new homework assignment. I like the Academy, so far. I’m still pondering the purpose and the mentors, thou.” She jerks the hand of Persia forward towards the line of teen boys ahead that walk in pairs. 
Each male had been seated inside the last row and quickly dashed out from the Fairy Lore classroom first.
Yachel slams into the back spine on the tall male and then back pedals with a giggle and a grin, stopping in place.
I gasp in shock and move ahead, standing beside her.
The male stops, sneers, and swings around to see Yachel and then says with a smile and a wink to her. “Hey, Yachel! I saw you upfront in class.”
Yachel sways her body side to side with a smile. Persia pays close attention. Yachel giggles, “Yeah! My farm’s got some more fresh strawberries, last week. If your mom wants some, then I can arrange for a special delivery basket to your house.”
The teen male possesses a tall and slender body frame with a head of cropped black colored hair, a pair of blue eyes, and a tone of pale tinted skin, wearing a pair of faded jeans and a baby blue fairy cape too. He says with a smile and a nod. “Shore thing, Yachel. I can’t call my mom, thou. It’s against the rules,” he turns and grins at Persia. “Hey! I’m Stad.”
I sway side to side like Yachel with nervousness, saying with a giggle and a grin. “I’m Persia. It is nice to meet you, Stad.”
Some of the other thirteen-year-old males come up and then stop, standing with a smile around Persia and Yachel.
Gable pulls up and stands beside Persia, saying with a nod and a tongue of mouth spit into her cheekbone. “Hello, fairies! I’m Gable,” he reaches out and touches the naked arm on Persia.
I side step and bump into Yachel, sliding away from his mouth spit and his nasty smell with a sneer.
Gable pats only air molecules with his hand and flutters his fairy cape of baby blue in the air. “And this is my girl Persia.”
Yachel leans around Persia and frowns to Gable. “I thought I was your girl, Gable. You called me, babe, in the market...”
“Hmm!” Mentor Ibbie moves ahead and quickly invades the huddle of teens, saying with a stern face and a firm tone to each face. “Does anyone remember my remark about trouble?”
“Yes ma’am!” I nod with a whsiper and move ahead leading the other females up the staircase and toward my sleeping level on the second level.


08:40 a.m.
2nd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia


The bedroom door opens.
I stop and stand with a smile inside the archway, viewing my single new private bedroom. The room is painted in dull beige, maybe, once bright yellow. Now, each wall wears a set of peeling paint and a series of rough open holes near the top of the ceiling.
There is a canopy bed in the middle space on the forward wall which is across from the door archway that holds a bedcover and a set of matching canopy curtains, displaying some type of ugly, but colorful patchwork squares.
There is a nice dark green marble vanity set with a reflection mirror that sits beside the canopy bed. Two walls hold a row of viewing glass windows, where I can barely see that tall green apple tree between the set of numerous spidery cracks through the dirty glass pane with a pair of narrowed eyelashes.
Inside the window corner, there is a ratty and fabric patched red tinted loveseat and two side wooden tables and a low wooden table that holds nothing but dust.
A horizontal set of pull-out wooden drawers badly needs a fresh coat of any color paint and is built into the wall and below each window, storing all my personal fun clothes.
I move inside with a smile and whip around to see the rest of the sleep room.
The other short side wall holds a walk-in closet for hanging up all my personal clothing.
On the opposite wall from the canopy bed, there is a solid white colored wall of smooth plastic with a reader-chair and an attached reader-tray.
I smile. “My personal reader-chair,” I swing around, move ahead, and stop, standing beside the bed mattress, lifting up the bedcover into my nostrils. I sniff for cleanliness. “Are these things washed and cleaned?”
The bedroom door opens in silence.
Yachel enters the room and wears a pair of faded, shredded blue jeans, a yellow colored T-shirt, and her fairy cape, saying with a nod and a smile. “Yeah, I checked for head lice, fleas, and ticks, too.”
I rip off the bedcover. The bed sheets are thinly threaded and patched, matching the bedcover and the set of canopy curtains. I exhale with a puff of annoyance. “A torn and patched matched set, to boot.”
Yachel turns and stops, kneels on top of the patched loveseat, looking out the glass window. “I like your apple tree view. I view an oak tree and a flower garden from the fifth level,” she fingers the side door. “There’s a private lavatory over here against the entrance wall.  No sharing the invisible germs with the other fairies. There’s a closet to hide your suitcases.”
“Why are you located on the fifth floor level?” I swing to face the wardrobe closet, entering and changing out of my pink tea length dress. “You’re way above me...”
She slides off the loveseat cushion, spins around, and stops, standing in the middle of the room with a smile. “The alphabetic symbol letter Y rests at the rear of the alphabetic lineup, honey. Each girly room has been labeled with the stacked alphabet, starting with the letter A, for Apella. Her student room is on the ground floor, watching the squirrels sh...”
“Yachel!”
“...shoot their pookie into the low ugly plain green bushes with matching silk threads of black widow spider homes underneath her two walls of broken window panes,” she grins. “Do spiders bite fairies? I guess not. I do not wanna be her or the letter A, for any reason here at Academy. I surprised you didn’t hear her whining and yelling at Ibbie. Someone was either smart or sassy, giving the first letters of the alphabet to the first floor. Do you like my ‘f’ sounds?”
I exit the closet and stop, standing and smiling in my pair of faded blue jeans and my pair of dirty blue colored T-shirt, and my pair of pink and green cowgirl boots. “Naw. Where’s our next class? What’s our next class? Who’s our next class?”
Yachel spins around and leads them toward the door.
The door slide opens in silence.
She moves out the room and turns, strolling down a busy hallway.
I dash out of the room and pull up beside her with a smile.
She grins, “Gem class.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance and remove, re-tying my fairy cape of pink around my throat. “Gym class! How do you know that answer?”
“My mom and my dad like to gossip with the other parents about the Academy, before I got permanently shipped out for six years from my warm cozy sweet smelling lavender colored bedroom. I got the scoop-dee-doop on everyone and everything. Ask me a question, any question about the Academy?”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and slap my jeans with a sour frown. “How am I going to exercise in jeans, boots, and a fairy cape in gym class?”
Yachel laughs.
I frown with annoyance, stomping down the staircase, blending into the rows of other teen fairies and stroll toward my next class.



09:05 a.m.
2nd period hour
Gem Class location


Yachel and I enter the open archway together, walking through an enclosed dark tunnel that rests underneath a set of high bleachers, stomping toward an open theater of emptiness.
I stop with a confused brow and scan the tall rough concrete walls without a set of glass windows or a ray of bright sunlight underneath a set of dull artificial lamps. “Where’s the balance beam for gymnastics? I can balance on my tippy toes, too.”
Yachel grabs and drags Persia by the arm into the bleachers. They turn and climb up to the top, sitting and parking on the top row.
Yachel scoots and slides accidentally into Stad, turning with a wink and a giggle for her amusement. Then, he bumps back with a wink and a grin for his amusement, too.
A new female fairy mentor displays a petite and slender body frame with a head of short blonde colored hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of aqua colored eyes. She wears a hunter green gem colored stone on a neck choker around a throat. She stands in the middle of the auditorium, in front of the curved row of bleachers, on the ground level, motioning with both of her hands. “Please, move down from the top bleachers. I would like all the students to occupy the first two benches for my lecture. This is a lecture hall for over five hundred fairies. Your class holds twenty individuals. This is a lecture hall that can be converted into a working gymnasium.”
Each teen stands and shuffles down, sitting and occupying the two rows of lower bleachers.
She says with a nod and a smile to each teen. “Welcome to Gem Class. I am Mentor Oviv. Do you have a favorite color? Please feel free to speak out.”
“Green.”
“Red.”
“Blue.”
“Not pink.”
“Not baby blue.”
“No.”
“Maybe.”
Gable stands upright from the bleacher spot and frowns. “Can I go to the bathroom, right now?”
Yachel leans into Persia with a whisper and a giggle. “This is g.e.m class inside the g.y.m class…”
“O good to learn!” I frown and stare at Oviv.
Oviv fingers the door with a sour frown. “Go on, Master Gable,” She exhales and looks at each teen. “Our excellent eyesight plus our brain patterns can distinguish different hues of pretty bold and pale colors. However, color is not always just a pretty face on your clothing or your bedcovers. A color is alive, living in your fairy body too. You possess right now an invisible personality color which equals your personal talent as a fairy. The color understands your behavior and your character in terms of the physical, mental, emotional and spiritual state of fairy body, but you do not. Your personality color will eventually display to others your strengths, weaknesses, vulnerabilities, needs, wants, desires, and challenges as you stroll along the days of your long life in Fairyland.”
The hand rises.
Oviv says with a nod and a smile. “O! I can read your mind, young fairy. No fairy possesses two or more personality colors under any extreme circumstances. You have eye witnessed the other colorful eating tables in the banquet room which are different from the pink and blue hue. As each class advances here at the Fairy Academy, each fairy will practice and rehearse all the fairy lessons which make up the prime colors of you. Each student will advance, at a different level, in the fairy color chart. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you. So forth and beyond, you are thirteen years old, this year. The next stage of your life is fourteen years old, which is represented by red, always. Fifteen years old students wear a fairy cape in the color green. At the age of sixteen years old, you will fall deeply into the rich darkness of black for your clothing attire while your color peculates within towards outward. Finally, here at Academy, in your final class, of your final year, at the seventeen year, of your person…”
Yachel leans over and smiles into the cheekbone on Persia. “Say that three times faster than a flying coach!”
“…your personality color will shine for all to see, hear, taste, touch, and experience.” Oviv nods. “This final prime color understands and motivates you into the very best fairy here in Fairyland.”
The hand rises, again.
Oviv grins. “O! I can read your mind, young fairy. You might greatly dislike the personality color, but who cares. The color doesn’t care, since it is your true personality, shaping and reshaping throughout the next six years here at Academy. Your personal personality color will balance your life, incorporating your work, your energy, and your fairy family.”
Apella lifts a hand in the air and smiles. “Mentor Oviv, I understand the definitions of each personality color. I know that the color of red means energy…”
Oviv lifts both arms in the air with a nod and a smile. “Please, stand. Thank you very much, Miss Apella for sharing your massive knowledge of the personality fairy colors. We will discuss that aspect when we return from our rock hunt.” She swings around and faces an open door in the rear of the building. “We are venturing into the unknown territory, but the known cavern, where the color lives. The color is represented by a gem stone. Follow me outside, fairies.”
I stand and smile, moving down the steps in my jeans and my boots of not pink with Yachel as I drag my ankle-length pink cape that is tied at my waist over the dirty carpet of the auditorium to the outdoors of the sunshine and trees.
Yachel moves beside Persia, swinging around, walking backward, and fingers each teen male with a grin. “I know Hadwin and…”
I walk forward, scooting around each exposed hole in the old worn carpet. “How do you know all these boys and girls?”
She swings around and skips over each exposed hole. “Where do you live on the planet Venus or the planet Mars, fairy Persia? I see these kids in the market. They buy my parents food stuffs.”
“O poo! I don’t go to the market with parents, because my parents buy your foodstuffs from your parents at their house. Then my parents work and work and work during the week and weekends, while I slump and slumber around the house, the lawn, your house, and your farm. My life’s really boring.”
She reaches out and slaps Persia on the collar bone, pulling them around, hugging her with a giggle and a grin. “Not anymore, babe! This is the Academy.” She separates from Persia and jumps ahead over each broken stone step, landing on top of the dead grass.
I smile and slowly move down avoiding each broken stone step, shuffling from the rear patio building, where the steps need to be repair with each chipped rock and pebble too. I exhale with a puff of confusion, staring at the dry dead grass, the tall ugly weeds, and the numerous wiggling worms that live above the exposed moist dirt. “The Academy looks in bad shape. The way my mama talked about the grand and fancy structure, I thought I was going to live in a castle.”
“This is the purpose of the Academy, an institution of learning, not polishing the floors, which I ain’t going to do, sweetheart. The island of Fairyland doesn’t have any princess castle, only a plantation house that clusters around lots of food farms, except for the queen’s residence, she lives in a fort.”
“A fort! What fart?” I smile.
Oviv stops, swings around, standing with a smile in front of a cavern entrance, which is covered by a large boulder. She thumbs over her collar bone to the rock with a nod. “This is the gem cave. A raw gem is a cut up rock. Therefore, you will be searching for your particular rock of any color which will be later transformed into a gem stone.”
Yachel leans over and whispers to Persia. “I do not like the sound of those words, transformed later. Do you know how to shape a piece of earth rock into a pretty piece of wearing jewel?”
Oviv lifts and extends both of her arms even with the dead grass, saying with a smile and a nod to each face. “As you slowly walk over the dirt path, extend both your arms and your hands outward toward each side rock wall. You do not have to touch the wall with your finger pads, only hover your fingers near each protruded rock. Do not fret. Your color will seek you by way of heat. When you feel a sight warming sensation, close your hands around the perimeter of the heated rock in the wall, your hand will start burning with more intense heat. The heat will come from that particular rock.
“Then, you must tap the rock three times with your finger or knuckles signaling that you are the master or the mistress. The rock will pop out of the wall and into your hands in both coolness and cool,” she sweeps her hand up to her aqua gem stone choker at her neck. “I have my gem stone embedded into a neck choker for both easy and beauty. My inner fairy power is emitted through my choker in the form of a single wave,” she swings around to face the boulder. “Please, watch my demonstration closely. My wave of fairy power comes from the gem stone inside my choker, but I will use my hands to manipulate my fairy visual wave. Or I can use my foot or my elbow to turn and twist my fairy wave in any direction for my power function.” She touches her throat choker.
A hunter green colored fairy wave soars from her throat choker through the air and then hits the middle section on the large tan colored rock boulder. The boulder slowly slides to the side by method of the aqua wave, revealing darkness.
I narrow my eyelashes into the darkness and do not see anything.
Oviv moves ahead and stands in front of the new opening, swinging around, fingering with a smile and a nod to the first teen. “Miss Apella, you are the first fairy princess standing in the semi-crooked line of teen. Please, enter and seek your rock.”
Apella bounces up and down with excitement on top of the dead grass, slowly moves with a smile to the cave entrance, and then stops. She spins around with a smile and waves to each teen, twirling around, disappearing into the darkness. 
Each pair of eardrums hears a loud scream.
Oviv stands beside the dark entrance and chuckles to each teen. “Did I mention that a cave is dark? There is no sunlight.”
Then each pair of eardrums hears a soft moan.
Oviv grins. “Caves do not possess a gang of evil spirits, only hard rocks. Sometimes, the dry soil and the water moisture will shift the rock around the soil, making a moaning sound,” she views the cave entrance. “Miss Apella has ventured ahead for the next fairy to enter. Please, advance into the cave, Master Gable.”
Gable stares at Oviv and performs a mouth drool over his parted lips, slowly moving ahead toward the mouth on the cave, disappearing into the darkness also.
Then each pair of eardrums hears a loud scream and then a soft moan.
I exhale and elbow Yachel. She and I both watch each fairy teen vanish while waiting for our turn of surprise.
Oviv views with a smile and a nod to Yachel. “You are next, Miss Yachel.”
Yachel exhales and elbows Persia, slowly moving ahead into the cave, disappearing into the darkness.
Then each pair of eardrums hears a loud scream and then a soft moan.
I exhale with worry and sway side to side with nervousness.
Oviv views Persia and thumbs the mouth on the cave with a smile and a nod. “Miss Persia, please, enter the cave, and find your rock.”
“Yes ma’am.” I slowly move ahead with nervous excitement and walk through the darkness, stopping on top of the soil. The floor is dark dirt with a low ceiling of more dark dirt.
I hear a scream, narrowing my eyelashes in the far distance. I can see a shadow from each previous teen. Each teen walks with a pair of extended arms, seeking their rock.
I don’t feel water molecules, only a slight breeze of wind inside the gem rock cave. Then, I hear a moan coming from a shifting rock. The cave is dark with a set of tiny pin pricks of colored light that come from each glittering rock which is embedded inside a dirt wall.
My friend Yachel is ahead and walks with her extended arms toward each side dirt wall too.
I extend both of my arms, feeling nothing but the cool breeze, swinging my face from wall to wall while slowly walking ahead.
I hear a scream and then a moan, stopping to pant with fear. I narrow the eyelashes ahead.
I see each dark shadow from each teen with a pair of extended arms, looking like the capital alphabetic letter of T as the lighted rocks beam off their skull and two arms.
I slowly move and see the raw colors of twinkling blues, greens, reds, oranges, indigos, yellows, pinks, purples, browns, grays, turquoises, golds, and magentas. I feel thrill and heat, gasping in shock, stopping inside the gem cave.
I turn and stare at the side wall, pushing my hands toward a rock in the color of magenta. I feel intense burning heat and tap the rock with my finger. It pops out from the dirt wall and lands inside my open palms in coolness. I smile down at my raw rock and slowly back step from the dirt wall, holding my personality rock in my palms, rapidly moving ahead toward the back spine on Yachel.
In the short distance, Yachel slowly moves ahead and continues to fan each side dirt walls with both her hands, wiggling her fingers.
I come up behind her with a whisper and a grin. “Yachel…”
She stops and swings around to see Persia in silence.
I extend both hands to her face with a nod and a smile. “Look! I got my personality rock. My hands heated and then popped it out the wall like Mentor Oviv told. It’s the color of…”
She gasps with a puzzled brow to the rock. “Magenta! You got a magenta rock. Wow! That’s a pretty color in its raw format. I bet it’s a bright bold color as a gem stone. Congratulations, Persia!” She returns back with a sad face to see each dirt wall, extending her arms. “I am still seeking…”
“Thanks!” I stare with a smile at my rock. “I’m marching ahead and see what’s happening with the rest of the class.” I scoot around Yachel and dash toward the light at the end of the gem cave.
Yachel continues to slowly moving forward with both her arms extended and all wiggling fingers even with the dirt toward each dirt wall of colorful rocks.
I smile and skip ahead, scooting around some of the slow moving teens, hitting the brightness of sunlight. I run and stop in front of Oviv, showing off my rock, saying with a confused brow. “How did you get here before me, Mentor Oviv?”
Oviv gasps in shock and looks down at the rock. “That is a magenta rock! I haven’t seen a magenta rock in ages. Congratulations, Miss Persia!”
I grin. “What does the color of magenta represent, mentor? My mama’s gem stone is colored in apricot and represents all types of good communication. My daddy is brown hue gem stone for security. Pink is sweetness. What’s meaning of magenta, mentor?”
“I struck gold,” Apella shouts and smiles running out from the cave and halts in front of Oviv, extending her of her palms. “I got a gold nugget for my personality rock. Gold means that I radiate charisma. I’m loved by all,” she jumps up and down with excitement.
Oviv nods with a smile to the teen, “Very nice, Miss Apella! We will discuss the individual rock colors in class, Miss Persia. Please, both of you go and stand with the other teen. I must wait and watch for the remaining teens to exit the gem rock cavern.”
Apella turns with a sour frown and a matching tone to see the cave. “What, fart? It’s not like there’s a real live boogie cave man inside the cave with a pick axe for hunting down for the fairies. How many are in there still?”
Oviv says with a stern face and a serious tone to Apella. “Your language skills need some more polishing, fairy princess, before you graduate the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy, Miss Apella.”
Apella spins around and runs with a smile and a chuckle into the crowd of teens.
I exhale with a puff of annoyance at Oviv and Apella, moving into the crowd of teens, swinging around to see the cave opening, and cuddle my precious pretty rock into my breasts with a smirk.
Oviv exhales with annoyance and stares at the exit point on the gem rock cave. “There are twenty students under my watchful eye and tender care. Five fairies are still missing.”
Zann exits the cave and holds her personality rock with a smile and a nod, moving ahead toward Oviv. “I got the color pink. Yay!” She stops and shows Oviv, spinning around and moves into the crowd of teens while exhibiting her selected rock and her pretty smile.
Yachel exits the cave and holds her rock with a smile, running toward Persia.
I spin and stare down at the earth rock inside the palms on Yachel saying with a nod and a smile. “The color of pale blue, it means loyalty.”
Oviv moves ahead, stops, and then stands behind the rear skull on Yachel, saying with a sour frown and a lady sneer. “Where are the rest of the teens, Yachel? Radford is missing along with Walcott, Stad, Molfalso, Jackzee ...”
Yachel eye rolls and then smiles at Persia. “Right behind me with their colored rocks and red necks, mentor madam.”
Oviv back steps with a lady sneer from the rear skull of Yachel and spins around, advancing toward the edge of darkness, darting her eyelashes for each missing teen fairy.
Apella bumps into the fanny on Persia and then scoots around, standing beside the elbow on Persia, saying with a smirk. “And what does your personality rock say about you, Yachel?”
I turn with a smile and a nod to see the ugly nose profile on Apella. “Pale blue means loyalty. And my best friend has always shown me great loyalty. Her personality rock got it all right. I popped from the wall, a magenta rock. What does the color magenta mean? Do you know, Yachel?” I view my best friend.
Apella turns with a sour frown to see the nose profile of Persia. “Yachel is your best friend, a loyal friend. I don’t understand. How is that even possible, Persia?”
I smile with a nod to Yachel, “Yeah, darling! She’s a loyal friend and my fun neighbor. Her farm’s next to my house. We grow up together like sisters, doing everything together like sisters. That’s how it is possible, Miss Apella.”
Yachel stares with a puzzled brow at Persia’s rock. “Magenta is a rare rock and rarer find. No cavern really yields that many colors of…”
“I got a gold nugget.” Apella shoves both of her palms underneath Yachel’s nostrils. “Look here! Do you see here?”
Yachel gasps with shock. “Impossible! A gold rock plus a magenta rock inside the same cavern from the same fairy gem class session. That’s sugary sweet.”
Tall and slender Zann moves ahead and joins the huddle, saying with a smile and a nod to each face. “I pulled out a pink rock for sweetness. I like the color pink too.”
I turn and stare with a smile at her pink rock. “What does the color of magenta mean anyone?”
Oviv spins around with a clap and a smile to see each teen. “Congratulations, fairies! You are another step closer of discovering your purpose here at Fairy Academy.”
“…with only about one hundred and twenty-eight more steps to go,” grins Yachel.
I turn and frown at Yachel. “Really!”
Apella turns and grins at Yachel. “Not really! Your loyal friend likes to fib, Persia. Do you fib all the time, Miss Yachel?”
Oviv moves ahead with a nod toward the building. “Your personality rock is part of your fairy powers. Keep this rock with you, always. Do not lose or misplace your rock. For the safety and security of your rock, there is a designed set of empty shells of jewelry to hold your rock in place, such like, a female’s necklace, or male’s neck clip chain. The shells are located on the left side of your clothing bureau on the bottom drawer. I strongly recommend, securing your rock immediately, before your next session. You will have plenty of wasted time. I am ending our session early for this specific purpose.”
“Purpose is a reoccurring theme today.” Yachel stands next to Persia with a smile.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and frown to Oviv. “We were going to discuss the meanings of the color for the rest of session, Mentor Oviv. I have the color of…”
Oviv nods. “Tomorrow is another fairy session in gem class. You are required to return to your sleeping suite. Please, dress appropriately, wearing your dresses and sequins and your sports coats and capes also.”
I move ahead and stomp my boot toes toward Oviv, shoving my rock underneath her nostrils as I am the shorter fairy. I say with a smile and a nod. “I wanna know the meaning of…”
Yachel dashes ahead and grabs out, dragging Persia by the arm. “Let’s go! We gotta clean up and get dressed before our coronation class,” she races ahead with a smile.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and dash behind with her back spine through the dry grass, ugly weed, climbing up the rear patio, and into the rear door. I pull up even with Yachel. “How do you know all this stuff about Academy?”
She grins, “I get my information from the Academy and my mama.”
Gem Class ends at 09:28 a.m.

09:30 a.m.
Hallway setting


I slowly move beside Yachel down the long hallway, when a brisk cold wind tosses the hair from my neck.
Apella halts and screams out loud in fear, tossing both of his hands in the air, wrapping both of her arms around her body.
I halt and gasp in shock exhaling with a puff of fear.
Yachel stops and turns to view the nose profile of Persia. “What’s wrong? What happened?” She turns and views Apella also.
Apella leans against the wall and sobs with her tears, fingering the opposite wall.
Yachel turns and frowns to Persia. “What’s happened to you too?”
I frown with worry and shiver, wrapping both my arms around my body, staring ahead in the hallway. “Do you not feel it? It was cold freezing air like a wintertime wind storm.”
“It was me,” a baritone voice shouts behind the rear skull on Persia.
Yachel swings around to the object and tosses both of her arms and her hands, yelling with a sour frown. “Yaw! Get away, spirit! Go back to your dark cave or your bear den or the parlor room.”
The spirit is tall with a tone of translucent colored skin, a head of white long hair, wearing a white long jacket, and a pair of white trouser that is tucked down into a pair of knee boots. The spirit says with a baritone timber and a chuckle. “I am not afraid of you, fairy. Boo. Boo. Go back to your suite, sweetie.”
Britton rushes ahead down the hallway and crashes into the floating spirit body, exiting through the translucent matter on the other side, hitting the wall with a chuckle of fun.
The floating spirit yells in fear, floating backwards from Persia and Yachel. 
“Naw! Take my stinky stone inside your inners.” Britton back steps through the translucent spirit again with a chuckle and a smirk, waving his earth rock back and forth at the ghostly body of the floating spirit.
The spirit yells again and flies backwards from Britton into the solid wall. “Naw! Get away from me! It stings! The stone stings! Naw!” The spirit disappears back into the dark walls.
Then each teens sounds with loud claps and cheers for hero Britton.
Britton spins around and bows at his fit waist, lifting up his torso and his dark blue rock stone, saying with a chuckle and a grin. “They are not afraid of us, but an earth rock upsets their electromagnetic field around each spirit. The plantation house is centuries old with more than one Captain Robert lurking in the dark shadows. Just swish your rock into their bad breath, then it retreats for your face,” he moves ahead down the hallway and slams into her fanny, scooting around Persia, whispering over her black tinted hair roots as he is taller. “Sorry!”
I continue to stand and stare at his fluttering baby blue cape. Britton leads the teens up the staircase to changes clothes for the next class. I lean over and grin into the cheekbone on Yachel. “He touched me. He likes me.”
Yachel stands beside Persia with puzzlement and watches the butthole on Britton, who struts up the staircase and then disappears. “Naw! The floating live spirit hates your guts along with the other teens and mentors here at the Fairyland Princess and Prince Academy.”
“Not the spirit, tart! Britton likes me. He touched my arm.” I move ahead and smile at the staircase full of teens.
She frowns. “You were in the way of his victory, Persia. He leads us toward the staircase and then our bedroom before our coronation class.”
“Naw! He touched me. He spoke to me.”
She frowns. “What did he say to you, Persia?”
“Sorry!”
She laughs, “Uh, huh, there! That’s definitely a romantic gesture of teen likeness from the handsomely hunk of cuteness.”
“Who do you like?”
“I told you in Fairy fart Lore class. I like Stad. He’s handsomely cuteness.”
“Britton is the hero for the day, saving us from the spirit.”
Yachel looks around with a confused brow at the ceiling and then each wall corner for more spirits and then down towards the floor for each exposed pothole. “There’re lots more spirits here hiding in every dark corner in here. They didn’t get along with us or them. As a matter of fact, I don’t think any being or beastie gets along with the same company-kind, unless for some type of personal morbid pleasure or sad happiness.”
I scoot around each pothole in the floor and climb the staircase with a puzzled brow, pondering her words.


10:05 a.m.
3rd Period hour
Coronation Class
Banquet room location


The Fifth Class teens all stand in a loose huddle in front of the closed banquet door and take a silly turn slapping down on each other’s silky, fairy cape with a set of giggles and laughs.
The door slides open.
Daffodil appears and stands inside the open archway of the banquet room and nods to the huddle of thirteen-year-old teens with a smile. “Welcome to coronation class! I would like each fairy to sit in a chair against the wall, very quietly.” She back steps from archway and glides a few feet away from the doorway.
The huddle of teens screams out loud and attacks the archway at the same time, yelling at each other, shoving each body through the opening with giggles and laughs.
I stand a few feet behind the huddle with a laugh and watch the silly commotion with my friend Yachel, shaking my skull with amusement.
When the open archway is clear, I move ahead follow behind Yachel, entering and scanning the banquet room.
The room is filled with tables on each side of the wall like the breakfast meal with an empty aisle of space. Each table is covered in a dull white and torn, but patched fabric cloth. Some of the table cloths have a row of fringe tassels or a set of long satin ribbons or a fancy lace with a flower patterns or a solid dull white.
Each table cloth displays an assortment of tiaras. Some of the tiara spikes display one to five pointy shapes or one to five semi-circles. All the tiaras are made of silver diamonds.
I scoot along the entrance wall, stop, and sit next to Yachel in an individual wooden chair against the wooden wall. The chair wobbles side to side with a loud sound of tiny creaks. The other teens, in a wooden chair, rock it sideways producing the same sound of loud tiny creaks also.
Daffodil stares at the entrance wall and the row of teens, exhaling with annoyance, moving ahead and then stops. She stands between the rows of tables, facing each teens, wearing a yellow ankle-length gown with a set of sparkling bright yellow gem stones and a matching tiara as her yellow cape flutters from the breeze coming from each row of broken windows.
She raises both of her palms in the air and shows her glittering jewelry. It is a bright yellow colored gem stone that has been soldered onto a gold chain. The chain is entwined between her four fingers, stretching the gem stone flat against her palm.
I see the advantage of such an object, projecting her fairy powers through the stone from the inner palm of the hand.
Mentor Ibbie uses an aqua gem stone broach pin that can be worn anywhere on her long gown.
Oviv wears a hunter green gem stone throat choker around her neck to display her fairy wave, like today.
I sit and ponder how to display my gem stone on my body.
My mother wears a long necklace with a pretty apricot gem pendant around her stone. My father uses his light brown stone in a wrist watch like a piece of jewelry.
Daffodil drops both arms and nods. “The word, coronation, means a crowning event of a princess or a prince. How convenience! We have ten fairy princesses and ten fairy princes for celebrating a coronation today. Our coronation is slightly different from a tradition one that you might have heard or read about during your childhood fun entertainment. Your crowning will be based on a tiara or a halo. A fairy princess wears a tiara, which is a headband that is comprised of glittering diamonds in various sizes.
“A fairy prince wears a halo. The halo is a thin solid satin band with a set of tiny diamonds across the forehead, not more than two or five for drama. You have departed the gem rock cavern, wearing your colored rock inside a new golden shell in the form of a necklace or a neck clip chain. Very good, fairies. Your personality rock, at a later time, will be sculptured into your polished gem stone. The gem stone pushes your fairy powers from within towards outward. A witch has a broom. A wizard has a wand. A werewolf has fangs. An elf has a bow. A troll has an axe. A vampire has the night. A fairy has a gem stone.  For further analogy, a witch has a hat. An elf has a pair of pointy ears. A troll has an ugly pointy chin. And, a vampire wears a pair of sunglasses.
“Therefore, a fairy has a crown. You have discovered your personality rock which has been selected for you inside the gem rock cave. The same principal applies with your head piece. The tiara or halo will select you. Each tiara is slightly different but made the same way with various numbered diamonds over a silver metal hair band. The height of the spike varies by each tiara. Therefore, no tiara is alike. It is very precious and personal just for you, fairy princess. Presently, the tiara is colored in silver in both the diamonds and the band. Based on your advancement of talents and academic studies here at the Academy, the tiara will change its hue into your personality color. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you.
“Today, you are not to select or touch or pick up any other tiara but yours. This is very important. You will slowly go around each table, holding a palm or both your palms over each spike formation at the top of female tiara or male halo. When you and the tiara are a perfectly match, the tiara will glow with a bright radiance streak straight up into the ceiling for all to see. A female and male will begin the selection pattern at the same time. This is not a race or a competition. You may take as much time as needed.
“Once the first pair has cleared the first table, a second pair of female and male will follow the same foot path. I will start the coronation ceremony with the pair in the far corners. Master Britton and Miss Zann, please, get up and go to examine the first table of tiaras and halos.”
Britton and Zann stand and slowly part, moving to the appropriate table.
Daffodil turns and watches the two young teens that slowly move around the first table.
I sit in the chair and bounce my sandals with excitement.
Zann slowly circles around the first table, holding her palm over each tiara, waiting for two seconds for some shiny glory. She completes the first table without success and then moves to the second table.
Britton whips his hand over each halo without success and has advanced to the third table of halos.
I sit and see a bright vertical light hit the ceiling.
He holds a palm over the beaming halo, fingering the halo with a smile and a chuckle. “Yeehaw! I have a halo, ya’ll. Do I wear this one, Mentor Daffodil?”
On the entrance row of wooden chairs, Yachel leans and whispers to Persia. “Daffodilly’s more excited than Britton.”
I whisper. “Hush, Yachel!” I smile and watch the teen fairy drama.
Daffodil swings back to see each teen on the entrance wall, saying with a smile and a nod. “Yes. I forget the best part, crowning your skull, since I am not allowed to touch your tiara or halo either,” she spins around and nods to him.
Britton nods back to Daffodil.
Zann continues to stroll around the fourth table and glides her hand over each tiara, frowning with puzzlement.
Daffodil says. “Miss Zann, you got a spark from that tiara.”
Zann looks up with a puzzled brow to see Daffodil and then back down to the table, gliding her hand over the same tiara and halts, saying with a smile and a nod. “I feel some slight heat.”
Daffodil says with a nod and a smile. “The tiara is your personal head piece. Touch it.”
Zann touches and lifts the tiara up from the ripped tablecloth, admiring the beauty. The tiara has three semi-circle spikes rising up from the headband. The semi-circle contains nine individual diamonds. “Pretty.” She lifts up and rests the small crown in the middle on her hair roots, swishing the metal between the hair strands, and poses with a smile. Then, she screams out loud and touches hair roots. “Heat! It’s hot! It’s getting heater!”
She grabs her face, then her scalp, and finally touches the tiara, yelling in pain with her tears. “The tiara’s hot. It’s melting down into my hair. My brain’s on fire. Ah! Stop it! Take it off now!” She slowly drops and lands on her kneecaps on top of the wooden floor, holding her head, sobbing with tears and crying with pain.
Daffodil swings around and view each stunned teen in a chair on the wall, saying with a smile and a nod. “You are a fairy. A fairy is symbolized by a tiara. The tiara selects you. Therefore, the tiara cannot ever be removed by you or anyone else. The tiara and Zann are morphing into one fairy, so the tiara is slightly heated, soldering into her skull bones. Is that a problem here?” She swings back around with a smile to see Zann.
I gasp in worry and continue to watch Zann.
Zann sways back and forth on her kneecap over the floor, hugging her head with a smoking tiara, sobbing with tears, and yells with pain.
I turn with a worried brow to see the nose profile on Yachel, who stares at Zann’s painful performance too.
Zann exhales with relief and halts her movement on top of the floor, slowly standing upright to see each teen. She fakes a smile between the set of dripping blood proteins coming down from her skull bone and her forehead, liftings up one arm in the air. The other hand probes the tiara that has been soldered down into her hair. “I…survived the hotness thingy. I am fine, ya’ll. I think.”
Daffodil claps alone, without one of a stunned fairy teen on the entrance wall, saying with a nod and a smile to the newly crowned fairy princess. “Miss Zann, please find a seat on the opposite wall. While we wait for the other fairy princes and princesses,” she spins around and views each shocked teen on the entrance wall, saying with a giggle and a wink. “Then, we will take a pretty nice group photography of the Fifth Class, after the coronation ceremony.” She swings around with a smile to see Britton. “Master Britton, please crown thy self a fairy prince.”
On the entrance wall, in her wooden chair, Kuelle frowns and fingers her skull. “It never comes off. I can’t believe this. That tiara is not removed from my curls ever. I don’t understand. How am I supposed to get my beauty sleep with a pointy object on my head, at night?”
Walcott leans over and points at Kuelle and then his nose. “The same way you sleep with that pointy aristocrat nose on your ugly face, tart,” he sits back and laughs with the other teens.
Daffodil spins around and smiles at Kuelle. “Master Walcott is very uncouth with his social graces, but also very accurate. You sleep with several protruded body parts as a fairy, so you have added a new one,” she smiles and swings around to see Zann in pain.
The other teens burst into laughter and point at each protruded body parts.
On the third table, Britton stares down at the halo with a set of four diamonds and looks up with a worried brow to the other teens, then down to see the halo. He swallows with nervousness and slowly reaches out for the halo in silence.
The room is quiet as the teen watches.
Persia reaches out and grabs Yachel’s hand, squeezing in anticipation of his pain.
Britton grabs the halo with both his hands and slowly lifts it over his skull, facing the wall of fairy teens, slowly lowering the halo over his pale forehead.
Persia gasps with shock.
Britton releases the halo ribbon with a sigh and then screams out loud. “Ah!” He drops down to the floor on his kneecaps and holds his red tinted cheekbones. “Hot! Heat! Hotter! Heated!” He sways side to side and screams in pain. “Get it off! Ah! Hot! Pain!” He probes the halo as it solders down onto his forehead. He grits his teeth and sways side to side, yelling out loud.
Then he halts each body movement.
Britton exhales with joy and wipes his face from the heated sweat, slowly standing upright from the floor with a wobble, facing the wall of fairy teens. He touches his forehead. The forehead is red and bleeding with drops of red tinted blood as he fingers the halo with a fake smile. “It wasn’t bad! I had worser. Yeehaw, ya’ll.”
The other teens sit and sound with a series of loud cheer and clap for Britton.
Daffodil swings around to see the wall of fairy teens, saying with a nod and a smile. “Miss Apella and Master Molfalso, please, stand and find your head piece.”
Apella swiftly stands and strolls to the first table with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Ya’ll are such a wall of wussie babies. A fairy endures more than a few sweat drops from her high brow to become a princess. This is the easy part,” she scoots around the first table. She holds her hand out for less than a second and does not feel any heat, moving to the second table of tiaras.
Teen fairy male Molfalso displays a tall and athletic body frame with a tone of olive tinted skin, a head of light brown shoulder length colored hair, a jaw line with light brown whiskers, and a pair of hazel colored eyes. He slowly advances to the first table and stares down, holding a palm over each halo and waits for the blaze of glory too. He continues to slowly circle the first table.
Apella circles the fourth table and then stops, whispering with a smirk. “Beautiful,” she views Daffodil and points down at the tiara. “This one has zillions of diamonds. Diamonds, you know, are very valuable in the human world. Diamonds are worth zillions and zillions of human dollars. I like this one. I want this one.”
Daffodil says with a stern face and a serious tone to the girl fairy. “Miss Apella, the tiara picks you. You do not pick the tiara. And dollars are used in the human world, not here in Fairyland. Please, continue to the next table.”
Apella fingers the tiara with a sour frown to Daffodil. “I like this one. It contains the most diamonds than any other tiaras,” she looks around and scans the remaining tables, returning her eyeballs to that tiara. She snatches the tiara, lifting and raising it over her skull and screams out loud. “Ah! No! It’s eating me. It’s eating my hand,” she flings her hand side to side with the tiara. The tiara has turned into a string of silver heated goo, crawling over each one of her fingernails, then her knuckles, and up to her wrist bone.
Daffodil exhales with a puff of annoyance and dashes ahead, saying with a sour frown to Apella. “I specifically instructed for you not to touch any tiara that does not shine its glow up to the ceiling. That tiara is not for you, Miss Apella.”
Apella runs around the floor in a set of completed circles, flinging her arm to the side and as the tiara goo grows over her wrist bone, moving up to her elbow. She yells in pain with tears. “Get it off now! Make it stop! It stings, like a bee! Ah! Help me, Mama! I want my mama…”
Daffodil halts in front of Apella, raising her palm stone. A yellow wave hits the tiara goo. The goo stops growing over Apella and then it falls down as a lumpy lump on top of the wooden floor. The goo slowly morphs back into the original design of the tiara.
Daffodil shakes her curls down at the tiara with a stern face. “You’re fine, fairy. Please, continue to the next table for seeking your tiara. Do not touch another one, unless it emits a glowing beam. Do you understand me, Miss Apella?” She shines her pale yellow fairy wave, lifting the tiara back onto the table in the proper space, since she is not able to touch the tiara either.
“Yes ma’am.” Apella cuddles her wounded hand and stares at her limb. She rubs it without seeing a red wound mark or a black bruise. She exhales and advances to the next table, using her other hand, holding over each tiara.
Daffodil spins around and moves back to the wall of fairy teens, saying with a smile and a nod. “This is a good example of not following a mentor’s order and messing with the wrong element. Tiaras are living things. They know their mistresses. This is a good example of using my gem stone to divert a disaster, since I cannot touch the tiara either. Therefore, I had used my personal fairy power to restore the fairy tiara back to the original condition and then lifted it back in place on the table. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the gem stone. This is the purpose of you,” she swings around with a smile to see the tables and the teens.
Molfalso stops at the second table and looks up with confused brow to see Daffodil. “I thought it twinkled,” he looks down and holds his palm over the halo.
Daffodil hums with a confused brow, moving closer to the halo table. “Yes. The halo twinkled. It should zoom up to the ceiling. I see what you are doing wrong. Please hold your palm directly over the halo.” Molfalso moves his palm as the light twinkles. She says. “Please, lower your palm down over the halo.” He lowers his hand as the glow beams up to the ceiling.
Molfalso smiles in surprise and then frowns with fear, looking up with a worried brow to see each male teen on the wall.
“Go on and touch it!” Stad swiftly stands upright from the broken chair and motions with a laugh and a grin to Molfalso. “We all gotta get one then touch it. Feel the pain, bro.” He chuckles with the other teens.
Molfalso exhales with fear and looks down, snatching the halo with one hand, lifting it into the air. He slowly lifts it over his forehead, closing his eyelids.
The room is silence.
The halo falls over his hair and his forehead skin as he exhales and screams out loud. “Heated! Hot! Ah! I feel pain in my head,” Molfalso leans his skull down over the table and lifts up his sweaty and bloody face with a smile. “Cold! Now, I feel cold instead of a heat. Cool!” He grins with joy. His halo has fused around his naked forehead with both red blood and silver diamonds glittering in the sunlight. He bows down at a fit waist to the other teens.
The other teens sit and sound with a series of loud claps and cheers.
Apella exhales with frustration and stares at the glow beam that hits the ceiling coming from her selected tiara. The tiara is puny, which is designed with one single point spike, rising up from the silver tinted headband. The one spike is filled with diamonds going around the metal, looking sorry and sad, when it is compared to the bigger prettier tiara spikes. She snatches it from the tablecloth, dropping over her hair roots, closing her eyelashes. She grits her teeth and feels the heat without screaming, dropping her kneecaps down onto the floor. She holds and wrinkles her dress with pain. The heat makes her face and her hands sweat with pain and fear. “Ugh!” She yells out loud from the pain and heat. “I am a fairy princess,” she yells out loud in the room and the heat stops.
The tiara is cold on her scalp.
Apella opens her sweaty eyelashes with blood which drains down her left eye socket and her cheekbone, standing upright with a wobble, faking a smile to Daffodil.
She slowly curtseys at her kneecaps and holds her breath, gritting her teeth to the other teens. 
Each teen sounds with a set of loud claps and cheers with joy of her success.
Apella leans over the table and slowly pirouettes toward the opposite wall, moving carefully ahead, finally sitting down on the opposite end with Zann and beside Britton. She blinks and winks the blood at Britton while giggling and touching her tiara.
Britton stares the other fairy princes and ignores Apella’s blood, wiping the blood from his face too.
Daffodil swings around with a smile and a nod to see the wall of mellow fairy teens. “Miss Yachel and Master Gable, please, circle the tables to fine your head piece.”
Gable stands and runs to the first table, staring at each halo, without holding a palm over the head piece. He raises the neck clip chain with the raw personality rock in punk green while swinging it over the first halo on top of the table. “If I hover my rock over the halo that I like the ‘bestest’ of them all, then can I have it on my head instead?”
Daffodil spins around and exhales with a stern face. “Master Gable, that is an excellent idea! However, you cannot control your fairy power at this point as a thirteen-year-old young prince. At the age of seventeen years old, you will possess powerful fairy talents from that moment in your future time. So, based on all this shared information, please go and find your fairy halo.”
Gable scoots around the same table with a smile.
Yachel is circling around the second table and then halts, waving a palm over the tiara. “I thought it sparked,” she waves a hand over the same tiara again. The tiara does not glow up to the ceiling.
Daffodil advances ahead toward Yachel and stops at the same table, staring down with a stern face at the tiara. “No, fairy! Please keep moving around all the other tiaras!”
Yachel exhales with a puff of frustration and moves ahead, circling the third table and does not feel any heat. She ventures toward the fourth table. She holds a hand over each tiara and then halts with a whisper and a smile. “This tiara holds zillions of diamonds,” she wiggles a hand over the tiara, “A spark! I see a spark. This is the one tiara for me,” she lowers her hand near the tip of the middle spike on the single great big diamond.
The tiara glow beams up into the ceiling.
She touches the spikes and lifts the tiara in the air, exhaling with worry, slowly placing it down over the hair roots. She closes her eyelashes and exhales deeply. She stands upright and feels the pain of slight heat and the drips of blood coming down the hairline, feeling more heat and coolness. She tosses both arms into the air and dances side to side, sending all the blood droplets down onto the white table cloth and the floor with smiles of joy. “I did it. I got my fairy tiara,” she swirls around in a circle with a grin and a giggle and halts to face opposite wall, wiping off the blood and moves ahead, sitting next to Zann.
On the second table, Gable snatches up the halo with a smile and places the head piece on top of the hair roots, screaming in pain. “Hot! Hotness! Hottiness! Ouch! Ow!” His body drops down to the floor, holding a face, yelling in pain. “O! Ouch! O boy!” He pants in pain and views the rotten wood on the floor through the cascade of blood drops, slowly standing upright with a wobble, viewing the other teens. He wipes a pair of sweaty, blood stained hands onto his jeans with a fake smile. “I survived the hottiness, guys. It was not to, too, toot bad…”
Stad sits in the chair and waves a hand, yelling out loud. “Get off the floor, Gabbie!”
Gable flings a finger and a laugh at Stad, spinning around, moving to the opposite wall and sits between Britton and Molfalso.
Daffodil spins around with a smile and views Persia. “Miss Persia and Master Hadwin, please, find and select your head decoration.”
I swallow with fear and slowly stand, moving ahead, staring down at the first table of sparkling tiaras.
There are three physical circles of tiaras which display an array of different sizes and shapes of the fairy crowns. An outer circle, an inner circle, and two single tiaras are inside the middle circle.
I exhale with a puff of worry and hold a palm five inches above the first tiara. The tiara is tiny with a single row of semi-circle diamonds, not heating my hand. I shift to the second tiara, which is grand and tall with one single pointy spike of thick diamonds, not heating my hand either.
I swallow the bile down a dry throat and shuffle to the third tiara. A long headband is filled with a set of three semi-circles of diamonds, not heating my hand either.
I scoot to the fourth tiara. It contains five separate pointy spikes that are covered from end to end on the headband. And then, my hand heats in fire. The tiara glows of light beams completely through my hand and up to the ceiling.
I look up with a smile to see the ceiling and down to see the tiara. It glows. I grab the pointy spikes and feel the sharpness cut into my skin flesh like a tickle.
I exhale with a puff of courage and lift the tiara with my single hand in the air, holding it with two hands, admiring it. The five points are filled with thinly spaced diamonds, twinkling from the sunlight. I raise the tiara over my black colored hair roots and turns to see my best friend Yachel on the opposite wall.
Yachel smiles and motions to Persia with encouragement.
I exhale with a puff of fear and slowly place the tiara on top of my hair roots. The tiara band is smooth silver metal, without a set of combs or a series of sharp ends points. The band falls over my hair, burying into my scalp.
I feel pain and heat from the drilling down into my thick head skin and my hard skull bone. I scream out loud in agony. “Ah!” I move sideways and hit the side wall, sliding down my butthole onto the floor.
The band eats into my head skin and my hard skull bone, drilling deeper into my brain matter, creating a buzzing sound between my ears. I feel heat emerge from my bone and my scalp skin down the top of my earlobes. I scream out loud in pain. “Ah!”
I hold my two heated cheekbones on fire within my pair of cool hands, feeling the band burrow deeper down into my skull bone, anchoring the metal.
“I…” feel the smoothness of stone from the single row of diamonds on the bottom tier of the tiara. “Pain! Make it stop!”
And then my pain stops.
The heat immediately changes into coolness. I exhale with a puff of annoyance and grit my teeth, clutching my hands, slowly standing upright with a wobble. I breathe in and out with my relieved pain and fear.
I turn and view my best friend.
Yachel stands and claps with a smile and a nod to Persia, wiping off the dried blood too from her hairline.
I exhale with a puff of happiness and spin around to the wall with the fairy teens, faking a smile, waving my hand like a fairy princess without words. My tongue bite of blood bleeds over my teeth. I nod with a smile and swallow the blood down my throat, spinning around to the opposite wall.
The wall of fairy teens sits and sounds with a set of loud claps and cheers.
I slowly move to my throne princess chair beside my friend Yachel.
Each fairy teen takes a turn around each table, picks out and then wears a head piece while enduring the bloody pain and suffering too. When each fairy has been finally crowned as a prince and a princess, Daffodil takes a group photograph with the palm gem stone and a smile.
And finally Coronation Class ends at 10:55 a.m.


11:05 a.m.
4th period hour
Teacup Class


I slowly move with Yachel in my long gown to my next academic class, strolling down the hallway and turn to the side with the other fairies.
The square shaped room contains miles of pretty floral wall of paper, where it has not peeled off from the dried yellow colored glue between three walls of windows.
I scoot and sit inside a broken dining room chair, where one of the legs is shorter than the other three. My chair tilts sideways and upwards as I shift my fanny side to side in the uncomfortable hard chair with a thin veil of fanny fabric in the wooden seat. I wear my pink itchy formal tea length dress and my new silver tinted diamond tiara with some dry itchy blood clots on my scalp. 
A warm bathe will do wonders for me, tonight.
I sit at one of two squared shaped dining room tables with a plate of food and next to Yachel and the other females.
Each male teen is located behind the rear skull on each female in a set of two parallel eating tables.
A new male fairy mentor displays a short and king-sized body frame with a tone of pale tinted skin, a bald skull, and a pair of blue colored eyes. He wears a gem stone on his pocket watch, like my dead grandfather fairy. He sits in a dining room chair next to a small table that is covered in a blue and white colored tablecloth. The tablecloth is patched with black swatches of fabric from tears and rips.
His dining room chair shows different shadings of walnut wood, where his body parts has rubbed the wood.
On the small table, a black tea kettle heats over a fire of burning red and orange coals. Behind the tea kettle is a non-matching sugar bowl of orange and green and a non-matching pink and white creamer jug. A set of non-matching solid colored cloth napkins of orange, red, white, and beige are horizontal displayed beside the creamer jug inside a non-matching napkin holder.
He continues to sit and raises a teacup of turquoise and black and the non-matching china bone saucer of yellow and red, stirring the tiny spoon in the liquid, saying with a smile and a nod to each teen fairy. “This is Teacup Class. I am Mentor Faddey. I…”
Britton sits on the next to last row and frowns at the mentor. “Tea and teacups! I ain’t no grandma, fairy man.”
Gable sits beside Britton and smiles to Faddey. “Tea is a good for your…” A slap hit the rear of his skull.
Stad had slammed his fist into the rear skull on Gable. He says with a smile and a nod, “Thanks for not sharing, again, Gabbie!”
The other teen males nod and laugh out loud with wickedly humor.
On the first table, Zann continues to sit and gasps, pointing at the object. “Your table is on fire, sir.”
Yachel leans and whispers to Persia, “That is fairy magic.”
Apella flings a hand into the air and turns with a smirk to see the nose profile of Zann. “It’s fairy magic, tart.”
Faddey chuckles at the tables of amusing young fairy princes and princesses. “Excellent, Miss Apella! Alas. We do not award any points or grades for good credits. The ritual of tea drinking was established by recorded history, in the year 2737 BC. And I am not that old either. The first country was China, thus the name China teacups. Then, the tea, the teacups, and the tea drinking was imported to Europe and beyond, and finally over her to Fairyland. A teacup is a cup with or without a handle. It is grasped with the thumb and the two fingers. Please, survey the far wall corners.
“Girls look left. Boys look right. You will see a vertical pile of teacups without the saucer in various colored patterns. A fairy princess teacup has a handle. A fairy prince teacup is actually a tea bowl without the handle. Please, stand and scoot about for retrieving a teacup from the appropriate pile. You may pick any style of color or pattern and return to your seat…”
A single tea bowl lifts up from the top of the pile and holds in the air, flying toward the spot as Gable rubs his personality rock with a grin. Then, the tea bowl lands in front of his chest.
Faddey nods. “Good job, Master Gable. You are a special talented fairy prince. Would any other fairies engage the moment for a second demonstration of flight?”
The room is quiet.
He nods, “Yes. Well, maybe, another time! For the other teens, please, stand and walk to the appropriate corner for a teacup.”
Each mismatched chair scoots around from each eating table. An upright body move ahead toward the appropriate wall corner.
I stand upright from the chair and slowly move ahead, stopping in the huddle of girls, waiting my turn and study each teacup.
The teacups are piled on top of each other, showing a handler or a bottom of the cup or a tip end of a silver teaspoon that sticks out from the center of the cup.
Yachel stands behind the butthole of Apella, saying with a lady sneer. “Grab any old teacup, Apella.”
Apella stands in the middle of the pile, staring at each teacup, blocking the majority of the teacup pile from the other wandering girly hands, and says with a smile. “I wanna get a pretty one and do a good job with my fairy purpose for the day.”
Yachel reaches around Apella and snatches the first teacup in the middle of the pile. Then, the tall pile of teacups falls forward on top of the naked toes of Apella inside her heeled sandals.
Apella yelps out loud and swiftly back steps from pile of teacups. More teacups spill forward and spread down over the wooden floor.
In front of the room, Faddy says with a smile and a nod. “Fairy magic keeps the teacups from bursting into millions of china bone pieces, but I would like for all princesses to practice being gracious in here.”
Yachel spins around with a laugh and strolls back to her mismatched chair.
I continue to stand at the back of the huddle with an annoy brow at my long time friend for the childish stunt.
Apella selects a teacup with the other girls and swings around, moving back to her mismatched chair.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and stare down at each teacup that displays various colors and patterns. Each teacup has a tip end of a spoon that is hidden down in the center of gray cement. I pick a pretty pink, purple, and white floral pattern, matching my magenta rock, sorta.
I spin around and scoot back to my mismatched chair, sitting the teacup on top of the naked wood, staring at the tarnished spoon, once brightly silver.
Faddy stirs his tea with a smile and a nod. “Your teacup or tea bowl is the same dimensions in height and depth, of course, without the handle. Your teacup is exactly like your neighbor’s and your neighbor’s teacup is exactly like yours. Your teacup displays an embedded teaspoon which is exactly the same depth as your neighbor’s and your neighbor’s teaspoon is exactly like yours. Your teacup holds one and one-half ounces of dried mud. The gray mud has fossilized its natural earth mineral around a vertical silver teaspoon. You are seeing the vertical end tip. Each teaspoon tip design is different from your neighbor’s but the same height and depth of your neighbor’s. Your purpose is to un-fossilize or remove or retrieve the teaspoon from the teacup, using your fairy magic that flows from inward towards outward.”
Each teen sits and stares with a loud moan at teacup.
Gable claps with a smile and a nod. “Yeehaw! This is an easy purpose.”
Faddy raises his palm with a nod and a smile. “Once you have successfully un-fossilized the mud, the spoon will be easier retrieved without damage. The spoon cannot be broken or bent or cut or sliced or sawed or damaged in any fairy format, since it is enchanted with my fairy spell,” he chuckles. “This purpose of teacup class is to un-fossilize the ugly gray mud, making it soft enough to remove the spoon. I remember as a lower Fifth Class fairy too. The task is great indeed. You are new with your fairy powers. This is your purpose in teacup class. Once you have successfully retrieved the teaspoon from your teacup, you have successfully passed the class. Then, your attendance is no longer required for the rest of the academic days.”
Each teen stands and sounds with a loud cheer and then sits down in silence.
Faddy smirks. “I would like to give you some fairy hints. You can touch the teacup with your hands for trying to un-fossilize the spoon. You can swing your personality rock over the teacup for trying to un-fossilize the spoon. You cannot hold your fingers over or around the teacup without touching, while trying to un-fossilize the spoon which defeats the purpose of your fairy magic. You can blow or spit or scratch on the mud or spoon or teacup for trying to un-fossilize the spoon. Or you may create your own imaginative method for trying to un-fossilize the spoon with fire, ice, wind, rain, hail, sky, sun, moon, or beast. You cannot harm the teacup or me. You may begin now,” he sips his tea and watches each teen with curiosity.
On the first table, I surround the cold teacup with both of my cupped hands, searing my wicked evil mental thoughts down into the object. I will ‘will’ the mud to crack open, but nothing happens. I will ‘will’ the spoon to fly in the air, but nothing happens again.
His teacup bursts into four separate pieces as the solid mold of gray mud falls and rests on top of the table, still clinging to its teaspoon. Gable screams out loud and flings both arms into the air, “Ah naw! Mentor Faddy, I’m really sorry…”
“There are plenty of tea bowls. Please, retrieve another one, fairy.” Faddy stirs his tea, saying with a nod and a smile to the teens.
Gable lifts up and rubs his gem rock as a new tea bowl floats up and flies to him, landing on top of the table with a stern face and swings the rock over the teacup again.
I turn with a puzzled brow to see Gable, his teacup, and his rock. My magenta rock has been webbed into a gold chain that hangs around my neck and down to my navel.
I exhale with a puff of frustration, copy catting the motion of Gable. I lift and hold the magenta rock, feeling some slight heat, swinging it back and forth in gently waves over the mud and the spoon, but nothing happens. I frown with disappointment and lean to my best friend and neighbor.
Yachel has copycatted Gable and Persia also, lifting and swinging her baby blue colored earth rock over the end of the teaspoon. Her nothing results are the same as Persia.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and whisper for my eardrums only. “I got dressed up for this. I am here for this.”
“I am a fairy,” Yachel smiles and stares down at her teacup.
“I am not a fairy,” I whisper for my ears only.
At 11:25 a.m., fairy mentor Faddy sits and stirs his tea, staring with a smile at each teen. “Time has expired. Please leave your teacup or tea bowl on top of the table. Teacup class is only for the lowly Fifth Class, since the older fairies have successfully passed. We will hold class tomorrow, same time and same chair. You do not need to disturb your teacup. It will remain stable until you arrive here tomorrow. Your purpose for today until the end of the academic days is to un-fossilize the spoon. Lunch is being served in the banquet room for all fairies today. So, good day to you, students. Good bye until tomorrow afternoon.”
Each teen stands upright from the chair and leaves the classroom, running through the archway for the lunch meal.
Teacup Class ends at 11:28 a.m.


12:58 p.m.
Banquet room location
Lunch setting


I and all the other teens from Fifth Class are dismissed by Daffodil from the lunch meal, leaving and running down the hallway for fun with some of the other fairies to our first afternoon academic class, entering through the archway.


01:02 p.m.
4th period hour
Enchantment Class


The long rectangular room has four smooth plastic white walls without windows which is similar to the room, where I currently learn Fairy Lore with Mentor Ibbie.
There is a set of scattered individual tall white plastic tables with two plastic non-padded tall stools that are not attached.
I move ahead with a smile and plop down in one of the empty high stools at the table near the solid wall, dangling my heels over air space.
Yachel moves ahead with a smile and slides down into a second stool beside Persia. The table displays a round surface with a deep hole in the middle. Each side of the hole, there are two small pockets for a colored personality rock.
The classroom door closes.
A new female fairy mentor displays a tall and slender body frame with a head of short red colored hair, a tone of pink colored skin, and a pair of green eyes. She wears an amber gem stone bracelet over her wrist bone and stands upright in front of a white solid wall, saying with a smile and a nod. “Good morning, fairies! You have entered the Enchantment classroom. I am Mentor Kaapo. A charm is a spell with your vocal annotation of the proper words plus the physical properties from your gem stone. Some magical cultures around the world use talismans, rabbit feet, toad sweat, plant balms, and jeweled amulets.”
“Toad sweat!” Gable laughs. “That’s a new element to me.”
Molfalso laughs. “Not to you, Gabbie, because your pair of stinky feet smell like toad sweat, ya silly toad stool.”
Kaapo raises her gem stone bracelet even with her jaw line and scans an amber wave gently over each right hand on every teen, saying with a smile and a nod. “Plantamur warto.”
Apella screams along with the other females, including Persia, who lifts up and stares at her right hand with a puzzled brow. She points to her with a worried brow. “I got warts. My hand’s covered in ugly green big plump fat warts.”
“Mentor Kaapo, I’m impressed with your fairy magic. Please, remove my set of ugly warts.” Kuelle wiggles her hand without a smile toward the mentor for the fairy spell.
Kaapo says with a nod and a smile. “Good. I have your attention for today’s session and the warts are part of your session. Please, place your colored rock down into the pocket slot on top of the reader-table. The rock is in rough form, fitting easier down into one of the individual pouches at your selected table. It will access the reading material needed to remove your warts by copying my reading material from my gem stone into your rock. The rock is more than a pretty object. It is a communication devise for learning, speaking, recording, and listening, if need be,” she waves her hand. The reader-table projects a page of black tinted words and sentences on the floor, the ceiling, and the other four walls.
Gable scoots down from the high stool and then back steps from his tall reader-table, standing in the aisle, and says with a nod and a smile. “I know what to do for completely removing the unsightly ugly warts. This is similar to the fairy tale, when the evil witch woman turns the handsome prince into an ugly toad, the pretty girl kisses him. Then, the ugly toad returns back into the handsome prince,” he moves and shoves his wart hand in the air space with Zann.
Zann slides off her chair and scoots away from Gable, shaking her curls in silence.
Gable continues to stand and chuckles. “Well, okay. I gotta be both the prince and princess…”
Kaapo stomps forward from the solid wall with a stern face, shaking her curls. “Do not kiss your hand, Master Ga…”
Gable kisses his right hand and looks up with a smile and a nod to see the class. Each teen laughs out loud. Gable wears a fresh set of ugly brown warts around his mouth and his lips, gently touching his mouth, parting his lips, and says in slurry words. “Th…woo…o…lp…”
Kaapo says with a nod and a stern face. “Yes. You have done any excellent job of spreading your warts over your lips without my assistance. Can you figure out how to remove the warts on both your hand and lips, Master Gable?”
Gable touches his face, feeling the swelling of his lips over the face.
Kaapo exhales with annoyance and moves ahead with a sour frown towards Gable. “Let’s go, fairy! I need some medical help to remove the warts from your mouth,” she shoves Gable ahead toward the closed door with a yell. “Please read the entire first chapter of the displayed sentences inside your enchantment book, starting with the first page which appears on top of your reader-table. You may skip forward at any time, but you will not find the answers to the charm. The instructions will clearly explain how to cast a charm to remove the ugly green warts on your right hand. Or you and the warts will be enjoying your evening meal, warm bath, and deep slumber, together. I will return shorter, once Master Gable is normal again. Then, we will continue with your very important enchantment charm for the day.”
The door slides open in silence.
Kaapo and Gable exit the classroom. Then the door slides shut in silence.
Inside the room, the rest of the teen fairies mumble and look down to find the fairy spell for removing the ugly warts.
Yachel looks down and reads out loud from the reader-table. “Okay. One of the proper words is warto, meaning warts. So, what’s the other word?”
I do not read the text but stare with a confused brow at to her dirty blonde colored hair roots. “How do you know that? There are only two words?”
Yachel taps the page on top of the reader-table and reads out loud to Persia. “A fairy charm contains two words. The first word is the action verb. The second word is the proper noun of the action, such like, remove warts.”
“O.”
She reads out loud. “There are numerous combinations of the verb-noun structure. A fairy can use any proper combination from the vast reference listing in the rear of the page for achieving the good or bad effect of the enchantment.” Yachel rubs her hand over the rock and flips through several pages and then stops, studying the list on top of the reader-table. “Removiate warto.” The warts remain on her hand.
I flip the pages with my rock like Yachel, waving my rock over my hand. “Remotis warto.” The warts remain on my hand.
“Avectummy warto.” Yachel frowns down at the green colored warts on the hand.
Persia feels a pair of two biceps wrap around both of her arms. A wart-less hand holds a brown colored rock over her hand of warts as his sweet breath heats her earlobe. “Avectard warto,” whispers Britton.
She giggles with excitement.
Yachel looks up and gasps at Britton and Persia.
I turn and wink with a smile to Yachel, looking down at my hand with any warts.
Britton sweet breathes with grin to her cheekbone. “All gone now!”
“All better now! Thank you.” I grin and giggle with silliness.
“You’re welcome,” he sweet breathes into her earlobe and then back steps while feeling the air with chills on her body. He moves back to his table with Molfalso.
The classroom door slide open in silence.
Kaapo enters through open doorway with a nod and a smile. “Are your warts removed? If not, please, shout out the charm for your neighbors. You know the axiom. Help your neighbor or something like that.” She stops and stands in front of the wall.
Each teen looks down and mumbles the fairy words as each wart disappear.
Gable enters the room with a face of brown warts and bounces with a smile to his table, sitting down, fist-bumping with Britton.
Kaapo clears a throat. “A charm cannot cast a spell for a fairy to rob or cheat, to feel hate or happiness, to have luck or health, to provide love or marry from another fairy. A fairy is born hardy, healthy, and happy, staying this way for many, many decades until your death. A fairy is mortal, not a god or a witch or a vampire or a werewolf. A fairy does not become sick from a virus or ill from a disease. A fairy cannot turn another fairy into a toady frog or grant a perfect wish like a jinni. Most importantly, a charm sent from a fairy could be re-casted right back at you, darling, to a charmer fairy from an unhappy charmee, unless the charmee vanished the wicked spell through her or his fairy magic.” The hand rises into the air. Kaapo says with a nod and a smile. “Miss Apella!”
Apella say with a puzzled brow and a nod. “Are you saying that your wart charm could have been returned back to you and then you would have been covered with the ugly green warts all over your right hand instead of me?”
Kaapo grins. “Excellent analogy and question in one. You can send any charm right back to the tossing fairy. Beware here! The tossing fairy might be equal or more than your sorry inward powers, then you got yourself a fairy war. Lots of fairy battles start this way and then end up sometimes covered in a fresh pile of thick rose petals,” chuckling. “Each session, I will assign a simple enchantment charm for your daily exercise which you must solve while working on your enchantment purpose. The main purpose of enchantment class and your class time is sculpturing your rock into a gem stone.”
Each teen gasps in shock.
She says with a nod and a smile, waving her hand over the amber stone. The electronic book disappears from the top on the reader-table, the walls, the ceiling, and the floor. She nods. “I am going to provide you the proper verb-noun combination for the proper slicing. The words are Sculpares gemimi. Stop! Do not repeat that! We must set up the preparation arena. I have cleared the reader-table of the reading material which you should study tonight. Please, remove your rock from the pocket slot, sitting it in front of you. Do not touch it yet. The first very important rule, your fairy magic and your colored rock are one. The rock must touch a body part at all times for your power to flow from within towards outward. With that information searing on your brain, you must hold or touch the rock with sculpturing.”
Each teen sounds with a soft moan of manual work.
She says with a stern face and a nod. “Yes. I know. I had to do it too. I had to touch my colored rock during the sculpture process into creating my gem stone many years ago. To accommodate the requirement of touch, there is a mini-stand hidden down in the middle of the hole inside each table. You can use the mini-stand for stacking your rock on top of the pedestal and start your sculpturing. Or you can hold the rock on the tips of your finger pads and sculpture the rock that way. Let us set up our stance with either method.”
I wave the rock over my embedded hole on my side of the reader-tray. A small mini-stand rises from the opening. I grab and place the mini-stand in front of my chest, resting my rock on top with a smile.
Kaapo monitors each teen. “Good. Place the rock on the stand and cup one hand or both hands, hiding the color from your eyes. Or you can hold the rock on the tips of your finger pads, using your hand like a pedestal. I see a variety of presentations. Good. Stroke your hand over a small segment of the rock up and down like slicing off the extra stone into a traditional diamond cut. After the final shaping of the rock, the gem will look similar to a brilliant cut diamond, varied slightly in different sizes and shapes, depending upon the personal fairy sculpture. Get ready, stroke, and speak: Sculpares gemimi.”
I hold both my palms over the bumpy rock over the top and the edges, slowly sweeping both my palms downward over the rough points of the rock, whispering. “Sculpares gemimi.”
I feel pain and jerk my hands from the rock. Numerous tiny red blood splatters coming from each tiny sharp fragment on the rock are embedded in both my tender palms. I hiss with angry and exhale with a puff of pain at the rock, flinging my hands in the air from the sting as the embedded rock fragments eject from my flesh and dissolve in the air.
Individual colored rocks hit the wall, the floor, the tables, and another teen as each teen moans from a tight throat.
Eadric displays a tall and king-sized body frame with a head of short brown hair, a tone of pale tinted colored skin, a pair of green colors eyes. He whips his hand from the rock with a sour frown and a matching tone. “Ouch! It bit me.”
Kuelle is a petite teen female with a head of strawberry blonde hair, a tone of peach tinted skin, and a pair of golden colored eyes. She gasps in shock and flinger her hands in the air. “It stings!”
Nabell displays a tall and athletic body frame with a head of black colored hair, a tone of dark tinted skin, and a pair of hazel colored eyes. She yells out loud and shakes both her curls and her hands with pain. “No! It slices into the flesh. This thing’s alive.”
Gable shakes his skull and his hands, saying with a grin and a nod to the rock. “A fairy stone is alive.”
Kaapo says with a nod and a smile. “No pain, no gain!”
Apella says with a sour frown to the mentor. “That’s not nice, Mentor Kaapo. My palm is cut and bleeding over my hand, my rock, my table, my floor,” she tenderly probes her wounds.
I cuddle my hands with the red burns, the pink cuts, and the invisible throbbing pain. The highest edge of my magenta rock has been slightly smoothed into a rounded curve from my palm stroking. I exhale with a puff of frustration and turn with a worried brow to see my best friend.
Yachel pampers her cut hands into her chest, sneering at the earth rock of pale blue.
Kaapo clears her throat. “I can read your mind. There is no metal instrument or tool to cut the rock. You and the rock are two living things, existing separately. Your purpose is to exist together. This is the togetherness process.”
Apella fingers her rock with a sour frown. “Mentor Kaapo, the togetherness process is going to take a very long time to sculpt my gem stone.”
Kaapo nods. “Yes, Miss Apella. Your answer is both correct and valid. This process will take a very long time, maybe, the rest of the academic days. I am going to take a coffee break, while you work on your gem stone,” she moves ahead with a chuckle and exits her classroom.
The door slides shut in silence.
I exhale with a puff of pain and watch the door close, looking down, viewing my hard rock. I rub my hands and feel the healing heat from my inner survival fairy power. A fairy heals fast. I look down and view my palms which are shown as slightly pink with numerous tiny healed wounds.
I view the rock and then my best friend with worry.
Yachel pampers both of her palms, sobbing with tears, probing the pink cuts of blood.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and drops both my palms surrounding the rock but barely touch the smooth edges for another of touch of sculpturing. I must touch the rock for my inner power to curve the gem stone while feeling his two biceps around my arms.
Britton lifts both her hands away from the rock, saying with a smile and a nod into her earlobe. “Don’t use the mini-stand. You’ll burn your palms again. Hold the rock on the finger tips of your left hand,” he curls his fingertips and perches her rock on the top. “Use your right hand to slowly stroke and smooth each side over and over without ever touching the pointy rock edges and then the sliced shavings won’t cut into your skin.”
I gently grab my rock and swing my smile to see his face. 
Britton winks with a grin.
I grin. “Thank you. How do you know to do that?”
Britton says. “She told us there were two ways to sculpt the gem stone. My dad told me to use my fingers. I didn’t really understand his encrypted message, until I tried the first way, cutting my palms too,” he lifts both his palms with a set of pink healing wounds too, saying with a smile and a nod. “I thought you might want to share my new secret with me,” he winks.
I say with a giggle and a grin. “I wanna share some of my secrets with you, too, Master Britton,” I wink as he chuckles.
The classroom door slides open in silence.
Kaapo appears and stands in the open archway with a nod and a smile. “Our fun time is up. Please, take your rock with you. You possess the charm and the rock. You can continue sculpturing inside your sleeping suite this evening. You are dismissed for the day and until tomorrow, fairies.”
Britton slowly back steps from the table, stops, and bows down with a fit waist to Persia, lifting up his smile and his torso, spinning around. He trots back to his table to retrieve his rock.
I turn with a giggle and a grin to see her dirty blonde colored hair roots. Yachel slides the necklace over her neck and looks down at her wounded bloody hands. I reach and grab her hand, seeing the numerous deep red cuts. “Heal thyself, Yachel!”
Yachel jerks her hand back and rubs her hands together, applying her inner powers, saying with a worried brow. “I held the rock inside my palm, stroking it with the other. My cuts on both palms are deep from the burn.” She slides off the high stool and stands upright on top of the floor with tears, spinning around, exiting the room.
I slide off the chair and exit the room also with the other teens.
Enchantment Class ends at 01:56 p.m.


01:57 p.m.
Hallway setting


I pull up and move with Yachel down the hallway toward our next academic class, following behind the back spine of each teen fairy. I reach and grab both of her hands, placing them between my hands. I stop in place and close my eyelashes, pressing both of my hands around her numerous wounds, feeling the burn. Then, her wounds feel coolness to my touch. I open my eyelashes and lift up my hands seeing her dark skin, looking up to see Yachel with a smile. “All healed! Do you feel better?”
Yachel cuddles and stares down at her healed hands, touching the healed skin, with a whisper. “Thanks.”
I reach out and grab her naked arm, saying with a giggle and a grin, strolling ahead toward our next class. “We both are friends and fairies, always.” Yachel and I follow the other students to the next fairy class.


02:01 p.m.
5th period hour
Flute Class location


I move with Yachel through an open archway and stop a few feet from the doorway while hearing all of loud musical sounds.
The classroom door closes.
Drum rolls. Flute toots. Violin strings ping. Banjo notes twangs. Trombone bongs.
I look around the room and scan a pile of the musical instruments which is located in every wall corner including pianos, guitars, drums, trumpets, clarinets, trombones, saxophones, banjos, and the other musical instruments. Each teen is having fun playing a different musical instrument, creating the loud annoying musical sounds.
A new male fairy mentor displays a tall and slender body frame with a long brown colored ponytail, a jaw line with brown tinted whiskers, and a pair of gray colored eyes. He stands upright and waves both of his arms above his hair roots on a short elevated platform in the center of the room, saying with a nod and a smile. “Fairies, please, go and find a chair and leave the musical instrument inside the wall corner. I wanna get started. We have lots of information to cover. Please scoot and sit.”
The center of the room holds a row of single metal chairs, without musical stand that holds a sheet of music.
Yachel scoots ahead and sits on the edge of row number three, facing the stage and the mentor.
Persia moves and scoots beside Yachel, facing the new mentor also in silence.
The male mentor says with a nod and a smile. “I am Mentor Sondson. This is Flute Class.”
In the front row at the end, Gable sits and says with a confused brow to the mentor. “This is Music Class.”
Sondson nods with a smile as his ponytail moves. “This is Flute Class. I would like every student to remain seated. I am going to issue your flute.”
Stad sits in the last row and says with a puzzled brow. “Mentor Sondson, I can play the banjo, piano, and guitar. I can’t play a flute. I don’t wanna play a flute. I don’t wanna touch a flute,” he sniggers and elbows his fairy buddy Molfalso, who sits next to Stad.
On the last row, below Stad, Hadwin chuckles out loud, “We don’t play music. We partake of the warm bread and soft butter,” he fist-bumps with Britton.
Sondson wiggles his earring gem stone as his sky blue fairy wave hits the closed closet door.
The door opens.
His sky blue fairy wave enters the closet and then emerges, carrying a stack of silver objects. The wave approaches the first row of chairs. Sondson says with a smile. “Please, select a flute from the pile. All the flutes are the same in size and dimension. Please, sit quietly, holding your flute, until I have given out all the instruments.”
Apella sits in the second chair of the first row, reaching out, grabbing one of the flutes as the sky blue wave floats down each row.
On the third row, Persia reaches down and grabs the object, studying the instrument. A silver colored thin hallow cylinder shows eight holes on top of the metal and a touch of smoothness underneath the belly. The holes are rough to the touch and rusty with red color for each pair of eyeballs. The mouth piece is oval shaped hole.
Beside Persia, Yachel exhales with annoyance and twirls her flute side to side in the air, before her face. “Why in Fairyland are flute lessons important? I can’t play a musical instrument. I can’t sing or dance or tap out a beat with two left high heeled sandals, but I can look pretty for my fairy beau,” she continues to twirl the flute with a smile.
His sky blue fairy wave vanishes and then retracts back into his gem stone earring with a soft slurp. Sondson smiles, “Today, you will learn your first flute lesson. A flute is tiny horizontal cylinder shaped musical instrument compared to a long slender trombone or a rounded drum. The flute is played by blowing air across the oval shaped hole in the mouth piece and holding your finger pads over the holes. The flute hums with the higher sound pitch of any other musical instrument. This is the purpose of flute class. Our first song will consist of the musical notes C, E, F, and G. There are four notes. I would like for us to sing the four notes in unison first before trying to play the flute.”
“I can’t play this thing.” Stad sits with a sour frown and rests the flute instrument in his lap, without touching it.
Sondson smiles and waves his arm. “Please, sing after me, the musical note of C. Cee.” He sings in c-chord, raising his hands, holding the flute.
Each teen sings in C chord.
He says with a nod and a smile. “Good. Please, sing the musical note of E. Eee.”
Each teen sings in E-chord. 
“Sing in the key of F. Fuh.”
Each teen sings in F-chord.
He sings, “Sing the note G. Gee.”
Each teen sings in G-chord.
He nods. “Good!” He places the flute on his bottom lip while positioning each finger pad over an exposed hole, saying with a smile to each teen. “The first finger position for the C chord uses the index finger in the first position hole and the pinky finger in the seventh position on the flute. Let’s try that note!” He plays the sweet C-chord.
On the third row, I lift the flute and position my fingers on the first hole and the seventh hole with my right hand pinky finger, bringing the mouth piece to my lips. I blow really hard and hear it squeal and whine in a sour D-chord. I giggle and try it again.
Yachel turns and frowns at the nose profile on Persia and the sorry flute playing, twirling her flute side to side without bothering to practice.
Sondson says. “Pretty good, teen fairies. For the E-chord, all my fingers cover all the holes with your eight fingers and no thumbs are required,” he plays a sweet E-chord.
I copy his finger movements and place the flute up to my lips and blow, hearing more squeals coming from the flute or me. I giggle over the mouth piece with fun.
Yachel continues to sit and twirls her flute in defiance of the musical lesson.
Sondson says. “Not pretty good. The finger position for the F-chord cover the first, third, sixth, and seventh holes on the flute and then blow,” he plays a sweet F chord.
I cover each appropriate hole and lift the mouth piece to my lips, squealing the flute, giggling into the mouth piece again.
Yachel continues to sit and frowns with annoyance, holding the flute in her lap.
Sondson smiles, “That is pretty awful! The last musical note is a G-chord. The finger position for the G chord is the first, second, third holes and the pinky finger on the seventh hole. Let’s try that note,” he blows and plays the sweet G chord.
I position both my fingers and my right pinky finger over the holes, blowing across the hole, playing a sour F-chord. I turn with a giggle and view Yachel.
 Yachel stares down at her flute in her lap.
I grin. “I hit the G note, pretty not well.”
Sondson waves his arm and holds the flute in the air. “Before we try the four notes together, I would like to introduce my best flute player. Lugina comes from First Class and is seventeen years old. Come on and up on the stage, Lugina!”
Each teen spins around to see the open archway in the rear of the room.
Lugina displays a tall and slender body frame with a head of long red colored hair, a tone of pink tinted skin, and a pair of violet colored eyes. She moves ahead in an ankle-length formal gown of peach color that cuts up each side of her body, exposing her naked ankles and upwards to her naked upper thigh muscles.
Each teen male sounds with a whistle at the pretty girl and follows her sexy priss from the archway to the stage.
Sondson touches and blasts a sky blue wave from his earring gem stone at their individual flutes, lifting all them in the air.
Each teen male swiftly stands upright and stretches high into the air without reaching their individual instrument.
Lugina continues to priss from the archway to the stage and wears a cropped top of matching peach which peek-a-boos through her peach fairy cape. The long cape drapes off from one of her naked pale colored collar bone which is tied with a belt of peach gem stones.
Her ears glitter in a pair of peach colored gem stones for each lobe. Her tiara is tinted in peach gem stones that match pair of her high heeled sandals.
She elegantly strolls up the short steps and stands next to Sondson on the stage, shoving the flute mouth piece over her pouted lips, playing the four notes in sweet harmony.
He sings with a smile each musical note for the Fifth Class fairies, “Cee. Eee. Fee. Gee,” he turns and nods at her, “Very good, Lugina!” he returns back and smiles at each Fifth Class fairy.  “Everyone has heard the sweet song. Let’s play it together! Pose your flute to your pouted lips. And one, two, three,” he and Lugina plays with the song with the other fairy teens.
On the third row, I position each fingers for each musical note, in order with the C-chord, then the E-chord, then F-chord, and finally the G-chord, squealing through the song and then giggle, removing the flute. I turn and smile at the nose profile on my best friend.
Yachel eye rolls and twirls the flute in the air near her collar bone again.
Sondson moves ahead toward the edge of the platform and stops with a smile. “Everyone, stand up! You sound pretty good, maybe, pretty enough. I will lead. You should follow. Lugina will be coming with us to assist, most definitely.”
On the third row, I swiftly stand upright from the chair and lean down with a puzzled brow, staring at her dirty blonde hair root. “Sound pretty good, maybe, pretty enough? What does that mean? What are we going to do next?”
Yachel stares with a laugh at the stage, the mentor, and seventeen-year-old girl. “I know, but you don’t. This session is a surprise for you, Persia.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and spins around to the archway and each back spine on every teen, stomping ahead with Yachel.
Sondson leads the teens through open archway, down hallway, and exit the building, moving down a set of broken steps into the outdoors.
The classroom door closes shut in silence.


02:44 p.m.
Outdoors location
Green pasture field setting
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I move ahead and exit the building, slowly stepping over each broken rock and pebble, kicking some of the rock particles away from my naked feet, before getting one lodged with both pain and blood inside my open toed high heeled sandals. I stomp down into the dead grass and pod of ugly tall yellow tinted weeds, tickling my toes, following the back spine on each teen and Fairy Mentor Sondson.
He moves across the ugly lawn of more dry dead grass and pods of tall ugly weeds, down a valley of brown bushes, over a hill of dry grass, and finally into a field of colorful part dead and part alive wildflowers. He stops and stands in the meadow grass, scanning the pretty sunny skyline and the rich green meadow.
I stop and stand beside Yachel.
Britton struts and stops beside Persia, elbowing her bicep with a smile.
I turn and grin to Britton, returning back and see the nose profile of Yachel.
Yachel stands and stares out to the hills of a green meadow with a grin while turning her flute instrument.
Sondson spins around with a smile and faces the line of fairy teens, waving one arm, holding the flute with the other. He stands beside Lugina in her elegant ankle-length gown. He says with a smile and a nod. “I am not going to spoil the surprise. Lugina, please, play, again.”
Lugina smiles at the line of fairy teens and spins around, facing the open hills with green meadow, blowing the flute with her sweet song of four notes over and over again.
I slap the flute against my fluffy dress with boredom and sweat in the hot sunshine, staring at the butthole on Lugina.
Yachel elbows Persia with a grin and a giggle.
My vision catches swift movement in the far distance on top of a tall hill and as I narrow my eyelashes. The single movement comes closer.
Each teen dances side to side with anticipation also.
I see the movement, a single unicorn.
The beastie is solid black with a black horn slightly above its eyes in the center of its forehead. The head of mane flies in full gallop along with the four legs. The beastie slows the pace and then walks directly to Lugina.
Lugina stops playing her flute, extending her hand. The unicorn nudges her hand. She shuffles closer and strokes its forehead.
Yachel leans over and whispers into the cheekbone on Persia. “Do you get it now? Flute Class is for learning the secret musical notes, signaling your personal unicorn, like the rock and the tiara.”
I gasp in shock. I usually ride with Yachel on one of her older, nicely tamed unicorns that are about dead or dying from old age and some ancient diseases.
Hadwin stands beside Britton and wears a confused brow at the unicorn. “We do not fly on the back spine of an insect or a butterfly or a ragwort root or a fowl or a unicorn. A fairy rides on top of a winged horse.”
Gable sits next to Hadwin and frowns. “Unicorns bite.”
Molfalso sits beside Gable and smiles. “A unicorn is invisible to a human, toad.”
Apella sits beside Molfalso and smile. “We live in Fairyland. Humans do not.”
Yachel grins. “I like unicorns. That’s her unicorn. That’s why it came to her sweet musical song on the flute.”
Lugina back steps from her unicorn and lifts the flute, playing the same song over and over again.
I narrow my eyelashes in the far distance, seeing movement in the blue sky.
Four more unicorns prance over the same hill. They stop and stand on each side of the black unicorn that belongs to Lugina. The four are baby unicorns in colors of pink, white, blue, and orange.
I smile. “Awe, babies.”
Sondson shuffles ahead, stops, and pats the baby unicorn nearest to him, motioning with his flute, saying with a smile and a nod. “Come and pat the four babies. Then, you can try to signal your unicorn.”
I dash ahead with the flute and race behind Yachel towards the orange baby unicorn, stopping, and squat down. I pat her forehead in silky softness.
The baby unicorn does not kick or spit or bite. She softly neighs for more sweet attention.
Each teen takes a turn to stroke the four babies with a smile.
Sondson moves away from the unicorns and the teens, waving both arms in the air with the flute. “Everyone, please move away from the unicorns,” he views her. “Lugina, thank you very much! You may leave. Enjoy your day!” He spins around and claps for attention from his class of teens.
Lugina touches and exhibits a peach wave coming from her peach colored gem stone earring at the back spine on her solid black colored unicorn. The unicorn falls down on its four legs in the grass. Lugina stomps on top of her peach colored fairy wave that carries her towards the back spine on the unicorn. She slides and sits sideways on top of the saddle, crossing her legs. Her dress shows more of her legs than her horse.
Britton gasps with a chuckle and clasp with mouth drool.
I reach over and slap his bicep with a sneer.
He chuckles more and reaches over, slapping her bicep back for fun.
Lugina taps the hairy mane with her hand as the unicorn stands upright and turns to face the open meadow. The beasties swiftly gallop away from the Fifth Class teens, taking the four baby unicorns with her.
Sondson waves his arms with a smile and a nod to his class of teens. “Spread out! Everyone, spread out with your arms length or longer. I want you to play the four notes of the song and summon your unicorn. Beware here! The flute plays at the highest musical pitch of any known instrument. A unicorn hears sound at a specific musical pitch. Therefore, you must play your song both sweetly and pitch-right, before your unicorn comes to you. You don’t need to practice. The unicorn will not come, until the pitch is perfect. Now, play.”
I back step from the hillside and move back down into the valley and then stop, extending both of my arms with the flute, building air space between Yachel and Britton. I position my fingers over the first note of C-chord. I hear a sweet sound and glance to my side.
Yachel is playing the song perfectly on her flute and repeating it over and over again.
I gasp in shock. Yachel had refused to practice inside the music room. Then, I turn to catch movement in the far distance, parting my lips.
A yellow colored unicorn gallops over the hill in my direction.
Yachel continues to play the song over and over again as the unicorn halts on top of the grass. Then, the unicorn slowly moves directly to Yachel. She softly plays the song as the beastie comes closer. She stops playing the song and it halts. She extends her hand. The unicorn lowers it head. She pats its soft hair. The unicorn neighs.
Persia gasps in shock at the scene.
Yachel turns and winks to Persia, jerking off her necklace from her neckline, rubbing the rock up and down her body. Her dress morphs into a pair of faded, torn blue jeans, a dirty white T-shirt, and a pair of worn cowgirl boots.
Persia gasps in shock.
Yachel winks to Persia. “Fairy magic,” she touches the rock at the back spine on the unicorn. A brown colored riding saddle appears complete with a pair of boot stirrups and a pair of neck reins. She turns and smiles at her best friend. “Hurry up and call your unicorn, Persia. I’m heading to the eastern part of Fairyland which has been not explored yet. We can spend the rest of the class time, riding the meadows,” she moves ahead and climbs up on top of the beastie. Yachel pulls the reins backward as the unicorn back steps from Persia. She jerks the reins up. The unicorn rears upright into the air and stands on its two hind legs.
Each other teen stands in place and sounds with a set of loud claps and cheers for Yachel and her unicorn.
Yachel swiftly gallops off towards the east with a grin and a giggle.
I stand in place at the bottom of the hill and exhale with a puff of frustration, turning to see open meadow, placing the flute to my lips. I play the song that squeals out each musical notes off-key.
Britton plays his song and misses some of the notes too.
Gable plays his flute and misses all the notes.
Molfalso plays his flute with a sweet harmony as a gray unicorn gallops and the halts on top of the hill.
I stop playing and watch.
A gray colored unicorn slowly moves down the hill to Molfalso. He copycats Yachel and creates a riding saddle and a set of riding reins, climbing up into the saddle, riding off toward west portion of the island.
I stomp a sandal heel into the grass in disappointment and lift up, playing my flute with a squeaky song again. I see a blue colored unicorn gallop and halt on top of the hill. I stop playing with a smile.
The unicorn moves down the hill and walks to Zann. Using her fairy magic, she changes out from her gown into a set of comfortable clothes like Yachel, saddling up her unicorn too. She rides towards the west and chases after Molfalso for her fun.
I stomp my heel down into the grass again with double disappointment and lift up, playing my flute with the same squeaky song again. I see a white unicorn appear and continue to play my flute.
The white colored unicorn slowly moves down the hill and walks to Stad.
I jerk the flute down from the face and frown in triple disappointment, looking up to see the sky and down to see my sandals, exhaling with a puff of frustration. I slowly lift and place the flute to my lips, softly playing the musical notes over and over again. I see a green colored unicorn gallop and then halt on top of the hill side while continuing to play my flute.
The green colored unicorn slowly moves down the hill as I play my flute. The beastie slowly walks in my direction as I continue to play the song.
The unicorn stops in front of Persia.
I stop playing my flute and smile, reaching out, touching its soft forehead. It neighs with sweetness. I drop the flute down on the grass and jerk the fairy necklace from my neck, rubbing it down my legs but nothing happens. I exhale with a puff of frustration and rub the rock up and down my legs again.
My fancy pink dress shrinks and then fades and as a pair of faded blue jeans covers my legs and a dirty yellow T-shirt covers my breasts. I still wear my heeled sandals. I giggle. “Next time!” I rub the rock over the back spine on the unicorn. An old worn brown saddle appears with a pair of boot stirrups.
I touch the forehead on the unicorn as a set of neck reins appear over her head for guiding the beastie around the meadow. I climb up and jump on top of the back spine on the beastie, staring and waving at Britton.
Britton continues to stand in the meadow and flutters his baby blue cape in the breeze, holding his flute near his mouth, waving back with the other hand to Persia.
I smile and spin the unicorn to face the east, kicking her stomach, galloping away from Britton to find Yachel.


03:03 p.m.
Colorful wildflower meadow setting


I lean down over her neck. The unicorn runs at a full gallop, soaring over the valleys and hilltops of grass and wildflowers. The unicorn and I dash near the pond. I pull up on her reins.
The unicorn slows her gallop and moves into a walk.
I sit upright and scout for Yachel, seeing movement to the side, guiding the unicorn to a grove of the tall shade trees.
Underneath the grove of tall shade trees, Yachel sits on top of the gray colored unicorn, staring into the ugly green tinted forest.
I stop and stand the unicorn next to Yachel, exhaling with a puff of annoyance, staring at the nose profile of her best friend. “Finally, my flute playing is terrible. Do I have to use that dang flute every time I wanna ride the unicorn? Does she have a formal name? I do name her, right? What’s your unicorn’s name, Yachel?”
Yachel stares at the forest. “You can signal the unicorn by whistling the four notes of C, E, F, and G, instead of the flute, if your personal whistling is a harmonious pitch perfect tone. The beastie is our unicorn like the rock and the tiara...”
I giggle. “This dang tiara is soldered into my bone skull and numerous brain cells,” gasping. “Does that mean if someone yanks my tiara off my hair roots, then I’d lose some brain cells?”
She laughs. “Maybe! We have to ask pretty Daffodilly or your mom.”
I frown. “You shouldn’t insult an authority figure here at the Academy, Yachel.”
“She ain’t my authority figure. I have to attend the Academy. I have to listen to a mentor. I have to wear a crown and a cape and a scepturd...”
I frown. “Fairies don’t carry scepters. The Fairy Queen does.”
“I have to carry the gem stone in some type of visual object. Why not a scepturd?”
I giggle. “How did you figure out the flute playing, so fast, getting your unicorn more swiftly than me and the other fairies? You were the first one of the entire class.”
“I’m a farmer. I’ve be around animals all my life. Unicorns are a unique species from other mammals. I didn’t understand the connection between the flute and unicorn, until Lugina called hers. It’s like riding a wooden fence railing but softer and prettier and more mellower.” She grins.
I look down with a smile and pat the soft neck of my green colored and calm unicorn. “She’s soft and sweet. I’m naming her, Komilly. That means ‘soft’ in the Fairy language. Why do we ride unicorns?”
She shakes her curls. “Some of the other fairies like to ride the beasties, instead of the flying coaches. Some of the other fairies don’t have use a flying coach for their job performance. And there ain’t no farting fairy language, Persia. We speak with the same alphabet and same string of numbers like the other beings here on Planet Earth. You know, like one, two, three, four, five, six, and kiss my…”
“Job! That’s why we’re here at the Academy. That’s the purpose of me, a job. What job are you going to be, Yachel?”
“A farmer like my fairy farmer parents.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and turn, staring at the forest thickly rich with a grove of tall over story trees, bright hanging fruit, green leaves, and pretty colorful wildflowers. I look over my collar bone and scan the meadow.
The meadow displays plots of dark green grass, then medium green grass, then pale green grass, and finally yellow dead grass.
I turn with a puzzled brow and stare into the green forest again. “Why is the forest thick and rich with green trees and plants, but the meadow looks like its dying of something?”
Yachel turns and frowns at the nose profile on Persia. “What are you going to be after graduating the Academy?”
I shrug. “Like my parents, I guess. When do we return to the Academy this afternoon for more Flute Class lesson?” My rock sounds with a tiny ping.
My unicorn automatically spins away from the woodlands and face the school building.
I exhale with a puff of frustration. “Fairy magic does it all for me. I get it finally,” I laugh with Yachel.
They gallop back to the Academy.
On top of the hill, Sondson waves a hand and dismisses the class.
Each teen slides off their uniquely colored unicorn. The herd of pretty unicorns swings around and then swiftly gallops over each hilltop and out of eye sight.
I spin around to face the building and rush inside the hallway with Yachel, strolling up toward second level sleeping room for the suppertime meal.
Flute Class ends at 04:50 p.m.


05:12 p.m.
2nd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia
Suppertime meal
Cool temperatures and bright stars


I climb up the staircase to the second floor and arrive at my room which has a food tray in front of the closed door.
The bedroom door opens in silence.
I lean down and grab the food tray, entering my private bedroom at the Fairy Academy.
The door closes.
I move ahead, stop, and sit on top of the ratty and repaired loveseat with numerous ugly patches of mismatched fabric swatches in front of the side glass window, where I can’t see the forest for the spidery broken glass. I smile and eat my suppertime meal.
The bedroom door opens in silence.
Yachel enters through the open archway, carrying her food tray
The door closes.
She moves ahead, stop, and sits down on the floor without words and a good display of bad fairy manners with her food stained fingers and her food items. She and I eat and giggle, eat and laugh, and finally eat up all the supper items, working in silence on the rock grooming assignment.
“Sculpares gemimi,” I whisper and perch the rock on top of my five fingertips, slowly stroking down one side, feeling the tiny shards of rock peel away from the stone. My fingers bleed and burn from each sharp rock fragment. Each released magenta colored shard slowly drifts down from my earth rock and then falls down into a tiny dust ball, flowing above the floor, leaving my room underneath a tiny gap inside the bedroom door.
Yachel sits on the floor and rubs her rock over a pile of the dirty supper dishes on the low table. The rock shards drift down and form into a set of dust balls, rolling away from her and her rock. She exhales with pain and pulls away her hand, seeing the blood and tiny cuts on the inner meat of her fingers. “I am done for the evening.” She replaces the rock back into the neckline slot and slowly stands, lifting up the two dirty food trays from the low table. She spins around and shuffles toward the closed door.
The bedroom door opens in silence.
She stops and leans down, resting both the food trays on top of the floor inside the hallway for a delivery pickup, back stepping into the room. She spins around and moves back to Persia.
The door closes shut in silence.
Yachel says with a grin and a giggle to Persia. “Who gets to cook and clean for us, fairy princesses?”
“House brownies.”
She nods. “Good thing, I’m born a princess with my own tiara,” she reaches up and flicks the thick rows of diamonds with her fingers, hearing a ting, stopping in front of Persia. She clears a throat for her fun amusement. “You can waste your time, peeling the stone in class tomorrow, during our enchantment session. That’s all we’re going to do in there for the rest of our imprisoned academic days.”
“Sculpares gemimi,” I stroke my palm down the other side and feel the rough edge slice away into a smooth curve. This method does not cut into my skin too bad. “I wanna get this done now,” I raise the palm from the stone with a smile. “Then, me and you can skip enchantment class for the rest of our imprisoned academic days.”
She grins. “Good luck with your accomplishment. I’m not slicing my hand more than once per hour per day,” Yachel looks down with a sour frown and studies her hand wounds as her palms slowly heals with her fairy magic covering up each ugly pink tinted marks of pain. “Let’s go exploring. We’re allowed to roam around the campus, without a mentor or two. I wanna accidentally run into Stad or Hadwin or Molfalso. Hey! I bet Britton wants to accidentally run into you, darling,” she looks up with a smile and a wink to Persia.
I slowly raise my palm from the sharp rock for fear of cutting into more of my skin, if I do not concentrate, saying with a smile. “I like getting into one or two happy accidents.” My rock sounds with a ping. I stare at the rock as it pulsates in bright flame of magenta and then a solid black color.
Yachel fingers the magenta rock with a smile. “Your parents are calling and checking up on your one or two happy accidents, too, Persia.”
“My parents!” I blink my eyelashes at the flashing rock with a puzzled brow.
She thumbs back over a collar bone to the reader-chair in front of a white solid wall with a smile and a nod. “A communication devise for learning, speaking, recording, and listening, if need be.” 
I exhale with a puff of frustration and shake my curls, slowly standing upright from the loveseat. “Yeah, yeah, I got it, finally. Fairy magic and boo and do and who...”
Yachel back steps with a smile from Persia and spins around, moving towards the closed door.
I gasp in alarm and look up to her fluttering pink cape. “Don’t leave me, Yachel. We can go and wreck into a handsome hunk later.”
She spins around with a sour frown and views Persia, grabbing and twisted her cape into the two hands. “Your parents will see me.”
“Hide in the far corner! I just wanna say ‘hi’ and ‘bye.’ Then, we can go and cause some accidents,” I move ahead with a chuckle and stop, placing the blinking rock down inside the empty pocket slot on the reader-tray, sliding down into the reader-chair. The white solid wall glows with an array of magenta horizontal bands on the outside, decreasing down into a set of lighter bands. The middle band is white and then turns into the two faces of her biological parents.
I smile with happiness while sorta missing my parents, “Hi, Mom and Dad!”
Her mom grins through the solid wall at her daughter. “Persia, how was your first day? I see your tiara. It’s beautiful.”
Her dad grins through the solid wall at his daughter. “You are beautiful, honey. How are your sessions and mentors going for your first day?”
I nod with a smile to each parent. “My first day of sessions was great. I made a lot of new friends, meeting all the other teens in my class. Fairy Lore has a swirling chair...”
Her mom laughs. “Be careful! I do believe the chair thinks faster than a gem stone. And I really want you to seek out other friends besides...”
I growl. “I am,” then I fake a smile. “I’m trying to crack the teaspoon out from a teacup.”
Her dad says with a nod and a smile. “It sounds like a silly class, teacup class. But, it is a very important step in becoming a fairy princess.”
“So, what’s the secret of cracking the fossilized mud?”
Her mom shakes her curls with a stern face. “We do not reveal any fairy secrets to anyone, honey.”
I exhale with a smile. “Okay! I got my tiara and my unicorn. She’s colored in green. Is that a significant color, Mama? I know the color of green means balance.”
Her mom says. “No, honey! The unicorns are born with various colors from their unicorn parents. What color is your personality stone?”
I smile. “The color of magenta selected me inside the gem cave. It is...”
Her mom frowns. “What was the color? I didn’t catch the name.”
“Magenta,” I smile.
Her mom frowns. “There is not a color of magenta in the spectrum, honey. What’s the true color of your rock?”
I nod. “Yeah, there’s a color of magenta,” I stand from the chair and finger the wall. “I can see the color of magenta around the reader-tray, and the wall, and your faces. The color of magenta selected me.”
Her mom shakes her curls. “No, honey. The color of magenta does not exist for a fairy. I see the exaggerated color bands on the wall here inside from our house. I believe it is a deep purple. The color of purple is justice. That’s an excellent personality trait fitting you perfectly.”
Her dad frowns. “I see a deep red with some blue. The color of red is energy. That’s another good personality trait.”
I sit down and exhale with a puff of frustration, pointing the wall. “It is the color of magenta. Mentor Oviv verified my rock. She said that it was impossible...”
Her mom nods. “Mentor Oviv has been at the Academy for a long, long time. Her judgment is sound, so she must’ve meant that the color of magenta is impossible to exist, Persia. You either have a royal purple shade or a deep red color rock, once you have sculptured it down then the true brilliance will shine in the sunlight. The raw rock hides the true color...”
“But…”
Her mom grins. “I was worried a little about you integrating into the Fifth Class. But, everything sounds fine and dandy. Who are some of the other kids?”
I frown. “How can you don’t know any of the other parents from my lowly Fifth Class? Why don’t you know some of the other parents of my lowly Fifth Class?”
Her dad frowns. “No, honey! We keep busy with our jobs. Name some of the other fairy princesses...”
I grin. “Yachel, of course, she’s my best friend.”
Her mom frowns. “You have met some of the other fairy princesses too.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance. “There some girl named Zann. She’s tall and pretty...”
“And,” her mom frowns.
I look down to see the cracked wooden floor. “And there another girl named Nabell...”
“And,” her mom nods.
“And there’s another girl named Apella.”
Her mom smiles. “You’re in fine company of fairy princesses, honey. We’ll let you go back to working on your rock. Once your sculpture it down, you’ll see the rock color is a pretty royal purple. Purple means justice. This is a wonder personality trait for you. We love you, Persia.”
I look up with a fake smile. “Yeah! Bye, Mama!”
Her dad grins. “We love you, honey. Learn to be a good fairy princess, this school session.”
I grit my teeth in a fake smile. “Yeah, I will. Love ya’ll, too.”
The wall turns back into white hue. 
I view my naked feet and turn around with a sour frown to see Yachel. She slowly stands upright from the floor behind my canopy bed mattress and shakes her curls without a smile.
I stand upright from the reader-chair and spin around with a sour frown, parking both hands on my hips. “Isn’t magenta a color? Magenta is a color. My rock color is magenta. I plucked it from the wall. Magenta is a color of purple, red, and pink. It is a color.”
Yachel moves ahead with a smile and slides down into the reader-chair. Persia kneels beside Yachel. The reader-chair only holds one individual. Yachel rubs both of her palms over the white tray, as it turns into nothing. She does it again, resulting in whiteness again, saying with a puzzled brow. “Your magenta colored rock is lacking some serious academic reading materials.”
“Naw,” I shake my curls. “Mentor Oviv copied her material into my rock.”
She laughs down at the reader-tray. “No. Yes. No. I mean you’re supposed to copy more reading materials into your empty rock for studying to be a perfect fairy princess,” Yachel removes the magenta rock and places her pale blue rock down into the reader-tray pocket. She swishes her hands over the reader-tray as her rock reads her fairy mind also. Then a page of black tinted words appears on the white colored surface. She reads out loud. “Magenta is an extra-spectral color.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and shake my curls. “And that’s supposed to mean something to you. It doesn’t mean anything to me.”
Yachel wipes the tray with both of her hands. The page disappears. Then, she fingernail-writes on top of the reader tray…Magenta.


The reader-tray displays a single sentence…Magenta is an extra-spectral color.


She points down at the tray. “Magenta is an extra-spectral color,” then she turns and smiles at Persia. “Okay. We go and fill out our rocks with more information.”
I say with a confused brow. “How do we do that?”
Yachel wipes the tray with both of her hands and collects her pale blue earth rock, standing upright from the chair, saying with a smile and a nod. “We go to the fairy library.” She leads toward the archway. The door slides open in silence.
Persia stands upright from the floor and spins around with a smile, dashing behind the back spine of Yachel.
The door closes in silence.


05:46 p.m.
First floor level
Fairy Library location


I pull up beside Yachel with a smile, moving down the busy hallway, skirting around each running teen or stationary teen. 
They rapidly climb down the staircase and land on top of the familiar common hallway with the row of colorful Fairy Queen photographs. The main vein connects each academic classroom and the banquet room for food meals.
Yachel slightly leads and then veers to the side, moving down a new smaller and darker hallway, entering a single open archway on the side wall.
I move ahead and enter into a tall and wide room through a center door which is colored in white along with each wall, the ceiling, and the floor. 
This seems to be a recurring theme for a wall here inside the Academy.
Inside the library room, three rows with a long white tinted table and a set of individual chairs act, like a student desk, in the middle of the floor
I turn and stare at each wall. A tiny vertical black line divides each wall into a segment with a big, bold black colored letter from the common alphabet at the top of the ceiling, shining against the solid white wall.
When a fairy comes through the center entrance door, the right side shows the alphabet letter of A and an embedded pocket for your gem stone, which is even with your eyeballs, if you are average height. As your eyeballs move around the room, the next section is labeled with the alphabet letter B that shines on top of the ceiling. Each section is segmented with an alphabetic letter, going around the rest of the room on the other three walls.
The alphabet letter Z stands on the left side of the entrance door.
Yachel halts and stands at the wall section which is labeled with the alphabetic letter M, inserting her pale blue gem stone rock into the embedded empty slot on the wall. Then, she fingernail-writes on the wall the single word which appears in black letters…Magenta.
Her pale blue rock glows inside the cubby hole.
Yachel back steps from the wall and jabs a finger at her rock inside the wall slot, viewing Persia. “This is the fairy library which is sorted by the fairy alphabet. Behind each wall, there are billions, zillions of polished gem stones with a set of personal information about Fairyland and the outer world too. So, my rock is getting educated. The fairy library will tell us the truth about the color of magenta.”
The pale blue rock stops glowing.
She turns and smiles at the rock. “Now, my rock is smarter than me,” she moves ahead, stops, and reaches, pulling out her rock, back stepping from the tall wall of solid white, spinning around with a smile. She slowly moves ahead to one of the long reader-tables in the middle of the room. “Each reader-table holds a set of long benches around the perimeter the edge for many students with numerous shallow pockets, so we can study together. Or you can study independently by inserting your rock down into one of the pocket slots which activates a section on the reader-tray on one of the long reader-tables.” She stops and slides on the end of the long bench.
I scoot around and sit next to her with a smile.
Yachel reaches out and drops her rock down into the empty pocket slot, activating one of the white reader-trays. Then, she fingernails writes on top of the reader tray… Magenta.
A page of words appears on top of the reader-tray. Yachel reads out loud. “Magenta is not a color. It is an extra-spectral color. Sir Isaac Newton found the color when he combined the primary colors of blue and red on a prism stone...”
I stare down at each word with a confused brow. “Sir Isaac Newton is a human that calls my magenta rock a non-color. This doesn’t help me or my case with my parents. Didn’t a fairy prince or princess find that color too?”
“A human found the color and then didn’t find the color,” Yachel said with a puzzled brow, studying the information too.
I nod. “We’re invisible to humans.”
Yachel reads out loud. “Here’s some more information. The spectrum colors are violet, indigo, blue, green, yellow, orange, and red. Pink is not a spectrum color either.”
I shake my curls. “That’s totally an illogical statement. Zann picked up a pink rock inside the gem cave, in which, Mentor Oviv confirmed her earth rock as the color of pink and my rock color of magenta too. Everyone knows that the color of pink means sweetness. Do you see that? I’m right. And it says here right. Magenta is a purplish-red with a tinge of blue. Why would someone bother wasting time to identify a color that doesn’t exist in the color world?”
Yachel grins. “You really are a combo color of purple, red, and pink, making up magenta.”
I grin. “I feel tons better. I don’t think my parents will accept my silly explanation, but I don’t really care. Once I sculpture the rock into a polished and shiny gem stone, they will see the true color. So what does the color magenta mean?”
Yachel scans the reader-tray, then each wall, the ceiling, the floor, and finally turns, frowning at Persia. “We’ll figure it out later,” she smiles to Persia. “Let’s go and find an accident,” she winks with a laugh and returns back, wiping off the reader-tray with both of her hands. The reader-tray dissolves the black words and returns back into solid whiteness again.
I stand upright from the bench and smile feeling my new teenly lust hormones, “Yeah.” I spin around with a smile and lead out the fairy library.
Yachel scoots off the bench and spins around, dashing ahead, pulling up beside Persia with a giggle and a nod.


06:01 p.m.
Common hallway setting


I slowly stroll down the busy hallway stepping over some of bigger potholes in the wooden flooring with a smile and a whisper into her eardrum, “Where are we going to meet the two accidents at?”
Yachel grins. “It’s a super-duper surprise...”
“...for an accident or two inside the hallway.”
She shakes her curls with a smile, “Naw. The hallway is brighter than the lawn, since it’s completely darkness outside for exploring the dry and dead lawn grass. I might trip over a hill of fire ants, since the lawn is sickly manicured for my precious naked toes. And all the other teens are located inside their individual sleeping suite, studying their fairy charms or eating a plate of food or entertaining each other. Why did your mom mention at befriending some of the other fairy princesses? We are the only pair of cute darlings for...”
“Ugh!” I exhale with a puff of frustration. “My mom is too embarrassed to confess my purpose of the Academy which is to find a hunky sweetheart male for life. That’s her way of telling me to get a husband, without telling me to get a husband. Geez! You have to learn to read between her sentences or miss the point of the entire short conversation.”
“Your mom is strange to me...”
“...and me, too. Where are we going, again?”
“The banquet room entrance is behind us. We’re going forward toward the exit door on the other end of the common hallway.”
“I think Gable’s smart with Apella. They’re probably the smartest fairies in our class.”
“I think Gable’s ugly with uglier Apella. I think Stad, Molfalso, Hadwin, Radford, and Britton are handsomely cuteness. We got lucky, darling. Our Fifth Class is filled with hunky males for taking and mating...”
“I think your tiara is the ‘bestest’ and my rock color is the coolest.”
“This is the door.” Yachel stops and stands in front of a tall and narrow wooden door with a smile, looking back over a collar bone for a fairy mentor, returning back to see the closed door.
The closest door slides open with a squeal while depositing more pieces of rotten wooden chips or plumes of sawdust in the air, on the floor and over her boot toes.
Yachel flings the wooden chips in the air from her boot toes with a giggle and a grin, “You go in first, fairy princess.”
I stare into the darkness and exhale with a puff of intrigue, trusting my best friend and neighbor. I move ahead, stomp through the archway first, and then stop, standing in the middle of a naked room, staring at each wooden and naked wall. “It’s complete pitch black of darkness. I can’t see my hand or my foot or the wall...”
She moves ahead, stops, and then stands beside Persia with a chuckle. “Is the fairy princess a little scared of brownies or monsters?”
I narrow my eyelashes to the darkness. “Would a spirit be hiding in here?”
Yachel reaches out and shuffles Persia further into the darkness of the small closet room, “Naw. They’re actually like the lightness to see for their haunt-ness,” she flicks her rock as it sounds with a ting. The rock illuminates her face and her chest. She grins, “And the rock is a communication devise of lightness too. Ting your rock also!”
I slap my hand down onto the rock that hangs on the golden chain around my neck. My air space illuminates with a bright magenta light.
Yachel leads ahead with her pale blue light and tumbles into the side wall, gasping and then pants with fear. “Okay. That was both un-elegant and painful. Watch very carefully! The floor planks are filled for rotten wood.”
I stumble over the wood and slide to side, avoiding the pothole. “We should come back in the morning.”
“It’s an enclosed room with no windows. The morning sun don’t shine here, fairy princess.”
“O.” I scream out loud and tumble into the side wall, after stomping down into a hole, jerking my boot toe in the air.
“Okay. Drop your rock illumination down to the floor. Watch and walk very carefully! The floor is filled with rotten wooden planks and the potholes in the wall too.”
I stumble ahead toward a narrow staircase and reach out, touching the banister, flinging my hand up with a sneer. “The banister is rough and prickly too.”
“The water moisture accumulates in here from the hot ovens in the kitchen, and the water vapors of the flooding landscape at night, peeling of the polished wood...”
“…since the year 2001 BC...”
Yachel giggles. “Okay. Watch and walk very carefully. The floor is filled with rotten wood. The walls have for big potholes too. And the climbing steps have cracked wooden planks also,” she slowly steps and climbs up the staircase.
I follow Yachel and looks down through the rock light, seeing each broken plank, scooting sideways with worry. “What are we doing tomorrow in our fairy sessions?”
“Another fairy tale of lore, another enchantment charm, another crack at the fossilized mud...”
“Where does one get fossilize mud?”
“From the year 2001 BC...”
I scoot around another rotten wooden plank on the staircase. “Why does one study a teacup of fossilized mud? What is the purpose of mud?” I hear silence. “Answer my inquiry, Yachel!”
She continues to climb the steps with a smile. “I know it and you gotta find it out, fairy princess. I’d strongly suggest the library, darling.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration. “I think Yachel is smarter than both Gable and Apella put together in our lowly Fifth Class.” I continue to climb up the dark stairs with too many exposed holes in the planks of wood.


06:15 p.m.
Watcher Station location
Exterior platform setting
Cool temperatures with clear sky of bright stars


Yachel slaps the last plank with her boot heel, moving across a new unlevel floor with a worried brow. “Watch out for...”
“I see.” I stomp up from the staircase and examine the floor for more potholes. “The floor is really unruffled. Is it safe up here, Yachel?”
She strolls ahead towards a low wooden chest in the wall corner and stops, leaning down, lifting up the wooden lid on the chest with a smile. “Is the entire plantation house safe? What’s your honest opinion, Persia?” She reaches down and grabs two objects out from of chest, closing the lid.
The Watcher Station is a covered balcony structure without a set of solid walls or an array of solid glass windows. There are a set of four thin wooden poles that hold up the thick rooftop.
I stand in the middle of the floor and scan the nighttime as my eyeballs adjust to the moon light. “Where are we? I can see the wooden poles which I know hold up the rooftop,” I look up and stare at the wooden ceiling. “Will the pole hold the rooftop? Are we in danger here, Yachel?”
She spins around with a smirk and moves ahead cuddling the two objects in her chest, staring at the rear skull on Persia. She stops and stands beside Persia. “This is the sixth floor which is called the Watcher Station. We are located right above the cathedral high banquet hall and the space of kitchen appliances. There is a watcher station on top of each satellite classroom but two levels lower. This is the highest point within the school campus, since the building floats above the soggy wet ground, during the flood, every single night. Yeah. The rooftop is fixed for rain leaks every year. Here, take this!” She extends the object.
I accept and grab the object, studying it.
She fingers it. “This is a pair of spy glasses which is used by a Fairy Watcher.”
I gasp in shock and rotate the object around in my hands. “My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers. They use this specific equipment. I have never seen this piece of equipment at my home. It looks like a pair of gigantic binoculars.”
Yachel grabs and drags Persia by the arm, moving ahead toward the forward wooden railing inside the Watcher Station. “We are facing the geographically direction of east, where the sun rises, each morn. Place the spy glasses to your face. Wait. Lean over the wooden railing. Yeah, it’s safe. Lean over the railing. Tell me! What do you see with your pair of fairy eyeballs first?” She stops with Persia in front of the wooden railing at faces an easterly direction.
I exhale with a puff of nervousness and rotate the binoculars around her hands, slowly leaning my torso over the solid wooden railing. “Okay. I see the ground. It contains dry dead brown grass, ugly tall yellow weeds, and some wiggling worms, which look pretty uglier at night too. When I look further up, I see more ground. And far away, I see the faint outline of the lush green forest. When I look further upward, I see a band of faint light of something glowing in the far, far distance. When I look up into the skyline, I see many bright white tinted stars and the yellow colored full moon.”
She smiles and stands beside Persia, staring at the same scenery. “Yeah, I see the same scene. Out here, the white stars and yellow moon are pretty. Now, place the spy glasses over your face and hold your breath. Holding your breath allows you to see each image better and clearer.”
“What images will be better and clearer? I don’t wanna see the wiggling worms, better and clearer.” I place the spy glasses over my face and then gasp in shock, staring at the faint lights in the far, far distance. “I see rounded lights of glowing energy coming from far, far away. The lights present in various colors of red, green, yellow, blue, pink, and the rest of the rainbow. I have never seen this sight before. So, pretty, too.”
Yachel lifts up and looks through her spy glasses at the same lights. “You’re correct. The lights are far, far, far away about 800 miles over the ocean waters from Fairyland.”
I turn and scan more of the lighted horizon. “The lights are 800 miles away from us. What’s out there?”
“It is the human world.”
I drop down the spying glasses with a gasp and turn with a puzzled brow to see her nose profile and her pair of spy glasses. “The human world contains all the glowing lights of prettiness,” I lift up and view more of the faint lines of light within the nightly landscape scooting sideways over the rough floor, spying through the spy glasses. “Yes, I can see a few more faint lights coming from some of far away houses, dotting the dark blue skyline which is a reflection of the moon beams off the something of something, of the larger estate homes. I don’t understand. Explain this, Yachel! Why does a Fairy Watcher use a pair of spying glasses? Why does a Fairy Watches spy on the human world of pretty lights? I mean I see the fascination of the lights, since Fairyland is fairly blend country of dead grass and tall weeds,” I giggle with amusement.
She continues to spy through the glasses with a smile. “The watcher watches. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of you.”
I turn to the east and view more rows of glowing lights through my spy glasses again. “I do understand the purpose of the Academy. I don’t under my purpose.”
Yachel removes her spy glasses and blinks both of her eyelashes, seeing a set of natural objects with her pair of fairy eyeballs and the beams of yellow tinted moon light. “This is the direction of east, the same direction the Academy faces. The Watcher Station goes around the rooftop, showing more lights in all directions,” she slowly moves sideways and scoots over the wooden railing and away from Persia, wearing her pair of spy glasses, and views the lights. “I’m going around the northern side. I suggest we split up, spying on the lights. Then, we can compare our spy notes. As I am totally bored with sculpturing my earth rock for the next few days, until my hands heal. And the balcony wood is filled with a set of deep potholes for two beings to stand side by side. Or we both fall down into the flood waters, a-coming...”
I slowly scoot sideways and move away from Yachel still wearing the pair of spy glasses. “Good idea. I’m scooting to the opposite side on the southern end. Then, we meet in the middle on the western side balcony.”
“Okay. We meet in the middle and then we go back to our suites.” Yachel disappears around the wall inside the Watcher Station.
I slowly scoot around the wooden railing and view each different colored light and then slam into the upright wooden pole with a gasp. I drop the spy glasses down with a grin and stare at the pole, back stepping from the column, scooting around the pole. I replace back on my pair of spy glasses and slowly scoot along the wooden railing, viewing a set of faint lights, slamming into another pole again with a gasp of shock.
A set of two biceps cuddle both her collar bones and as he sweet breathes down onto her soft cheekbone. “Do you see anything interesting, Persia?”
I drop down my pair of spy glasses and looks up with a smile and a giggle at Britton. “Maybe.”
He leans down to her face and kisses her forehead, pulling back with a wink. “Do you see anything more interesting now?”
I giggle, “Maybe!”
He leans down and kisses her nose, pulling back with a wink. “Do you see anything more interesting now?”
I giggle. “Maybe, so!”
He leans down and kisses her lips for a long, long time.
I hold my sweet breath with lusty and love.
2nd day Fairy Academy


03:02 a.m.
2nd floor level
Private bedroom setting with Persia
Moon light and cool temperatures with bright stars


“I do not like you,” the baritone voice whispers down into the eardrum on Persia.
I blink my eyelashes open and scream out loud at the spirit of Captain Robert, sitting upright on my butthole inside the warm bed blankets, panting with fury. I swing both my arms at the he-ghost.
Captain Robert swiftly floats backward from her bedside and her waving arms on the fairy, sounding with a laugh and a grin. “You cannot harm me.”
I sneer in fury and reach over, grabbing my rock necklace from the side nightstand. I don’t wear the neckline to bed, ya’ll. I swing it in the air and release it as the necklace twirls and hits the chest on the spirit. He flies backward from the flying the earth rock and disappears through the solid wall with a yell.
I growl with fury and pant in annoyance, rolling out from my warm bed blankets, slowly moving ahead and stop. I retrieve the necklace and slip it over my neck, spinning around, racing ahead and jump into the air, landing back inside my warm bed. I exhale with a puff of annoyance and rest on my back spine, viewing the ceiling, then the window, then the door, then the floor, then window...


07:42 a.m.
Banquet hall location
Fairy table setting
Breakfast meal
Warm temperatures and bright sunshine


I dash through the archway and into the banquet room, dragging my pink cape over the rough floor more than over my collar bone, wearing my cleaned pink dress and the same old pair of heeled sandals. I scoot down into the last empty chair, breaking the bread, stuffing my face with the food.
Yachel chews and turns with a puzzled brow to see the nose profile of Persia. “You’re late for breakfast.”
Zann sits and smiles at Persia. “A few of the fairy princesses were late for breakfast including...”
“You look tired, Persia. We both left at the same time, last night. Did something else happen, after I left you alone, last night, darling?” She winks with a giggle.
I spit chewed food particles over the plate and my dress, chewing the only meal, before lunch. “Captain Robert visited me inside my sleeping suite, last night. I got startled and scared. I couldn’t go back to sleep.”
Apella gasps with an open mouth and shows her chewed food particles, “Me, too.” She chews and swallows the food.
Yachel shakes the curls with a stern face. “Spirits do not like fairies. You should wear your rock necklace at all times, including bedtime and bath time, fairy Persia, and the rest of you, fairy princesses,” she laughs out loud and tosses a set of chewed food particles through the air, on top of the plate.
I nod while eating.
Breakfast meal ends at 07:58 a.m.


08:16 a.m.
1st period hour
Fairy Lore Classroom location
Reader-tray setting


I sit inside the same reader-chair in my Fairy fart Lore class, yawning at each new page on the reader-tray from a lack of perturbed and disturbed sleep by the floating white spirit and an upset tummy from eating my breakfast meal too fast. I cuddle my chin down into my hands, pretending to read the words in black hue.
Ibbie turns and reads off the rear wall. “Fairies have existed with other life forms on Planet Earth, including humans, from the beginning of time. They started out dwelling along a river bank, camping in the mud...”
Molfalso sits in the last row of reader-chairs and laughs out loud, facing Ibbie. “O!”
I feel my reader-chair start to turn in his direction in the rear wall and mentally halt the physical movement with an ugly yawn in silence.
“That’s where the fossilized mud came from,” Molfalso chuckles with the other teens.
Ibbie turns and reads off the side wall. “The fairies moved to the cave environment for comfort and then they lounged over tree branches before finally advancing down onto the land, forming numerous farms for food.”
Molfalso smiles. “The first fairy came from the toenail of a nasty human…”
I feel my reader-chair start to swirl towards Molfalso and mentally halt it again while hearing the other fairies chuckle out loud.
Ibbie frowns. “No.”
Molfalso smiles. “The first fairy came from the snot ball of the left human nostril,” he chuckles with some of the teens.
“No.”
Molfalso laughs. “Then, the first fairy came from a stinky piece of hair underneath the armpit…”
My reader-chair swirls around to see Molfalso, and as I laugh with the other teens at the funny comment coming out from my humorous fairy classmate.
Ibbie reaches back toward the front wall and slaps her aqua colored gem stone inside the golden pin broach on the wall slot as an aqua fairy waves soars out and hit the reader-chair.
The reader-chair with Molfalso twirls around for a couple of times and then halts with a jolt. Molfalso shoves the reader-tray to the side and swiftly stands upright from the chair, spinning around to face the closed door. He covers his mouth with both hand while performing a cough and a gag.
The other teens laugh out loud at Molfalso.
The door slides open in silence.
Molfalso exits the room for the hallway.
Inside the classroom, in front of the solid wall, fairy mentor Ibbie grins to each seated teen. “The farms brought both success and failure to the cultured and peaceful Fairyland. During our dark period centuries ago within Fairy Lore, the fairies encountered our known enemy, the boggart. They are hardy creatures who are short, brown tinted skin, possessing not one single nostril hole or finger or a toe. The lack of wiggling appendages made digging out a living on a dirt farm very hard work. They were honestly employed by the fairies for other various job functions, such like, plowing the fields and harvesting crops. One night, an angry gang of boggarts attacked their own village of peaceful fairy farmers, leaving not one fairy male, female, or babe alive. The fairies attacked right back, creating the first and only Fairy War. The war was not going very well for the fairy clan. The clan did not possess gem stones for protection, only farm tools. The boggarts were merciless, killing all in their foot path. A surviving fairy child from one of the many burnt farms had hidden inside a boat from the blaring forest fire and then drifted out into the sea. The boat landed on a foreign shoreline, where the child was found by a pack of humans.
“The child told of the trouble in Fairyland. The kind humans gathered their kind and kin to aid the peaceful fairies. The human boats landed in Fairyland with fighting warriors composed mostly of farmers too. During the fighting, the fairy child was too young and weak to fight, but was given the task of providing water and bread to the fighting farmers. When one of the angry clan of the boggarts crossed the fairy child’s path, the child fought back as best he could tossing his fists, the water jug, the bread sticks, and finally a jar of honey. Honey is sweet tasting on bread which comes from honeybees. The honey thrown from jar stuck to the boggart, causing it to scream in pain. Since the boggart was mean and the honey was sweet and then the two elements didn’t fit well together. The honey had turned the boggart into a pile of short brown goo or a brownie,” she chuckles.
On the first row of reader-chairs, Apella gasps in shock. “Our house servant is a brownie. Are you telling me that my house brownie is really a boggart from centuries ago, during the first and only Fairy War?”
Ibbie says with a nod and a smile. “Yes, I am telling all of you. The brownies are descended directly down from the original clan of angry ugly boggarts, our only enemy. The fairy child lived to tell the tale and tattled the secret for converting the boggart into a brownie. The fairies were grateful to end the Fairy War and finally face destruction, again. The war had destroyed the homes, the buildings, the farm equipment, the crop land, the fruit trees, and the hope for both the fairies and the humans. After all the dead were buried throughout Fairyland fields in the traditional fresh ring of rose petals, both the surviving humans and fairies built this plantation house, honoring their pact of friendship from centuries ago.
“However, it was also discovered that the human clan had been greatly reduced down to one parent or no parents for their surviving biological children, who still lived inside the human world. So, the Fairy Queen decided that a fairy adult would watch over an orphaned human babe from an honored dead pair of humans until their adulthood into a marriage or a job. This royal declaration was established to save the remaining unemployed fairies, the orphaned children, and Fairyland. And this was done, because all the honey jars came from the humans. Fairies do not eat honey or possess honeybees.
“Every fairy adult, who had lost their entire family clan, was selected and then gifted with a gem stone by the Fairy Queen. The gem stone allowed their fairy power to flow within towards outward. A fairy could heal their body or fly on a winged horse or ride a unicorn or turn invisible inside the human world. However, a human can see a fairy inside Fairyland. I do not know the reason either. To continue the historical fairy lore, in exchange for watching over the orphaned child, the human clan provided the wooden planks, living furniture, house furnishings, farm seedlings, food stuff, and other farm and work equipment here in Fairyland.
“Fairyland became prosperous again. However, the pact between the fairy and human stills exists, mostly due to several factors. The poor population growth of the fairy family unit beyond one fairy babe, the lack of developing farms, the lost art of farming skills, and the increase of a Fairy Controller for each orphaned human child. A human is a fragile creature, who cannot heal thy self. When the biological parents, inside the human world, become damaged and then dead, their child becomes orphaned. So, a fairy is sent to watch over the human babe, until adulthood into a marriage or a job also. The Fairy Queen still honors the pact of friendship from centuries ago. The end!”
On the next to last row of reader-chairs, Gable frowns at Ibbie. “Why would the Fairy Queen care to do that for a human?”
I feel my reader-chair automatically swirl to face Gable. I let it spin around and stare at Gable along with the other reader-chairs with the first interesting hot topic from Fairy Lore.
Gable nods. “I have never met a human. I do not care to meet a human. I have read that they are filthy and smelly...”
“...like Gabbie, because his toad sweat only comes off, if you bath in your private lavatory, every night, ya little toad stool.” Molfalso laughs with the others.
My elbows heat on top of my reader-tray. I look down to the surface. The page from Ibbie shows on the right side. A new page shows a golden chain picture on the left side of my reader-tray. Then, my tray splits into three sections.
The page from Ibbie shows on the right side. The picture of the shell of a long necklace chain shows in the middle.
Yachel fingernail-writes on the top of her reader-tray to the reader-tray with her friend Persia…. Do not like.

On the last row of reader-chairs, Britton frowns at Ibbie and the other teens. “Therefore, this is the purpose of the Academy.”
I look up with a stern face to see Britton while ignoring Yachel’s silly message.
Britton nods, “The purpose of the mentors. The purpose of you,” he lifts up his dark blue gem rock near a sour frown. “I am sculpturing a rock of dark blue. Dark blue is the color of responsibility. My parents are a pair of Fairy Collectors. Therefore, most likely, I will end up as a Fairy Collector, too. I don’t mind. A Fairy Collector is really a fairy guard, who aids a fairy in trouble inside the human world. So, I must learn to ride a unicorn and fly a winged horse and...”
My hand heats as I view my tray. The middle picture changes to the shell of a ring.


Yachel fingernail-writes on the reader tray to Persia…Like.


On the last row of reader-chairs, Hadwin nods. “My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers, who watch a fairy inside the human world that is caring for the orphaned child. I do mind too. My parents are gone from sunrise to sunset, every day of the week and on the weekend…”
My hand heats on top of the reader-tray again. I look down see the middle picture on the tray change to the shell of a palm chain.
Yachel fingernail-writes on the reader tray to Persia…Like.


I look up and view Hadwin while ignoring Yachel’s sentence on my reader-tray.
Hadwin nods. “I didn’t necessarily wanna learn to fly a winged horse. But my parents are locked inside a Watcher Station on the southern end of the island for hours and days and weeks. I, too, will become a Fairy Watcher as my daddy says. And I do not wanna to be a Fairy Watcher...”
My hand heats on top of my reader-tray. I look down to read her message.
Yachel fingernail-writes on the reader tray to Persia…. Do you like the palm chain? It looks cool like Daffodilly’s.


I fingernail-write with a grin on top of the reader-tray to Yachel…. Cool, too!


On the second row of reader-chairs, Kuelle nods. “I agree with Hadwin…”
Each reader-chair swirls around to see Kuelle.
She smiles. “My parents are a pair of Fairy Controllers. A controller is a fairy, who lives with the human child from a sunrise to a sunset or even longer, until his or her bedtime. My parents come home very, very late. I sometimes do not see them for days and weeks and months. Yeah. I’ve been told by them that I will do very well as a Fairy Controller...”
My hand heats on top of my reader-tray. I look down to see the shell picture of a bracelet.
Yachel fingernail writes on the reader tray…. Do not like.

I look up with a stern face to see Kuelle while ignoring Yachel’s sentence again.
Kuelle lifts up and shakes her rock with a stern face. “I’m required to etch the rock into a pretty gem stone. The stone connects my fairy powers for my talent of invisibility that is required in the human world. So, to become a Fairy Controller, I must endure the painful hand cuts, finishing the job before the end of the year...”
My hand heats on top of the reader-tray. I look down to see the picture shell of a wrist time piece.
Yachel fingernail-writes on top of the reader tray to Persia…. Do not like.

I look up with a stern face to see Kuelle while ignoring Yachel.
Kuelle exhales. “I really wanna become a Fairy Mentor here, not a Fairy Controller there. I...”
My hand heats on top of my reader-tray. I look down to see the picture shell of a choker.
Yachel fingernail-writes on the reader tray to Persia…. Do not like.
On the second row of reader-chair beside Kuelle, Zann says with a smile and a nod. “You can perform any job here in Fairyland, Kuelle, after you graduate the Academy…”
Each reader-chair swirls around to see Zann.
She smiles. “My parents are a pair of fairy farmers. We provide food stuffs for all of Fairyland. I wanna be just like them too. You could be a farmer with me. There’s plenty of land…”
My hand heats on top of the reader-tray. I look down to see the picture shell of an earring.
Yachel fingernail-writes on top of the reader tray to Persia…. Like.

On the next to last row of reader-chairs, Walcott nods. “I don’t wanna become a Fairy Trainer either…”
Each reader-chair twirls around to see Walcott.
He smiles. “A Fairy Trainer is responsible for training the brownies for all their job positions from the domestic house cleaning to tunnel digging to barn pookie shoveling,” he chuckles. “It’s not a nice job...”
My hand heats on top of the reader-tray. I look down to see the picture shell of a nose ring.
Yachel fingernail-writes on top of the reader tray to Persia…Do not try at home!


I fingernail-write with a grin back to Yachel…Yeah!


Yachel smiles and fingernail-writes…Which one do you like for your gem stone?


I fingernail-write with a smile…. Thinking!


Then, I look up with a stern face to see Walcott while ignoring the rest of Yachel’s sentences again.
Walcott nods. “I’m expected to follow the foot path of my parents and will not. I’m going to be something different.”
Molfalso said with a confused brow. “As long as, the current Fairy Queen rules our home island here in Fairyland, every fairy will become a babysitter and babysit a human child in the human world. Then, every Fairy Controller will need a Fairy Watcher to send in the Fairy Collector for the fairy rescue. So, I do believe that the fairy cycle will never end.”
Ibbie nods with a smile to each rear side reader-chair. “This has been an enlightening topic for Fairy Lore class today.”
My reader-chair swirls around to see Ibbie.
Ibbie swings around and removes her pin broach from the wall slot. The walls, the floor, and the ceiling turn back into blank white-ness. She spins around and smiles to each teen, clipping her jewelry broach back onto her gown. “You are dismissed from my class, fairies.”
I wipe the tray with my hands, clean off the message thread and then remove my earth rock from the slot, swiftly standing upright from the chair, spinning around. I move toward the open archway and stroll down the common hallway with the other teens.
Yachel swiftly stands upright from her reader-chair and spins around, exiting the room, dashing ahead. She pulls up beside Persia. “Which shell do you want for your gem stone?”
“Why didn’t you tell all the other fairies that they had a choice to a Fairy Farmer, instead of a Fairy Watcher or a Fairy Collector or a Fairy Controller? Food is important. I like to eat.”
“I like the palm chain best. Lugina has two earrings with two little tiny gem stones. So, maybe I can have two palm chains with two gem stones too, too.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration. “Your hand burns and cuts from sculpturing one gem stone. Why do you want two of them?”
Yachel grins. “To protect my fanny from any the wandering spirits around this place, especially, when I’m sleeping soundly in my bed. An earth rock is a natural deterrent to all creepy crawly spirits.”
I gasp in shock and then smile with my new understanding.
Fairy Lore Class ends at 09:57 a.m.


10:02 a.m.
2nd period hour
Gem Classroom location
Warm temperatures with partly clouds of sunshine


I slowly move through the dark tunnel underneath the tall set of bleachers, stomping into an open theater with furniture.
On the opposite wall, a row of individual piles of dining room furniture pieces, consisting of a single small table, two chairs, a lamp, a single eating placement of dishes, leans against the wall.
I scoot on the first row bleacher seat and sit next to Britton. He smiles but does not wave a hand. I slide and bump his shoulder with a giggle and a grin.
He bumps back on Persia with a chuckle and a smile.
Fairy Mentor Oviv stands in the middle of the room, in front of the bleachers. “Good morning, fairies. Your rock has selected you. Today, you will learn about the properties connecting you and your rock. Yes. It is a rough raw format of lumpy rock, not a gleaming gem stone. However, you possess a set of fairy powers that can be accessed by your ugly rock. Today, you will lead the concept of fairy speed.”
Gable sits in the second row and mouth spits on each rear skull. “Fairy speed is really called invisibility for some dense fairies.”
Oviv nods, “Very good, Master Gable. Fairies are not truly invisible. They are faster than the speed of sunlight, making them invisible when running...”
“...away from me, Gabbie.” Molfalso laughs out loud and slaps his chest with a smile.
Oviv exhales. “Everyone, come and pick a spot inside the theater floor which is parallel with one of the piles of furniture pieces that lines and rest against the far wall. Each pile of furniture is the same...”
“...mis-matchness. Why doesn’t any piece of one single furniture setting match each other, Mentor Oviv? Why does everything have a set of holes or tears or rips?” Radford frowns with a puzzled brow and slowly stands upright from the bleacher, moving ahead with the other teen into the auditorium floor.
Oviv reaches up and fingers her throat hunter green gem stone. “Our purpose is to set up a dining room environment, like so. You will place the dining room table first, then the single chair, the lamp, the plate, the water goblet, the teacup, the fork, the spoon, and finally the knife along the side of the plate, such-like.”
She disappears from her stationary spot. Then, a complete dining room table appears in her spot. A chair appears underneath the eating table. The lamp appears on top of the table. The eating plate, the goblet, the teacup, the fork, spoon, and knife appear on top of the table in the proper order.
Oviv sits in the dining room chair and chuckles from her fairy speed demonstration.
Each teen stands in place with a nod and claps with a smile for her fairy performance.
Oviv stands upright from the chair, saying with a smile and a nod. “Thank you. I have demonstrated your first lesson of the rock and the fairy, which is you. I will watch your individual performance. No. I cannot see into the future or possess an array of ugly thirteen eyeballs. I have a gem stone. My stone will record your individual fairy performance and then I will replay it for accuracy from your furniture sequencing. If you fail to follow the sequencing, you are disqualified. If you break one single furniture item, you are disqualified. If you follow the sequencing correctly and do not broke a furniture item, you will win the fairy performance. I must express it is not really a timed event, since the condition of breakage is the key for losing or winning. Therefore, we will wait for each fairy to complete their fairy performance, no matter the time. After all dining room settings are completed, I will reward the winner with a very valuable prize.”
“If there are two winners?” Gable gasps with a puzzled brow.
Oviv smirks. “There will not be two winners, based on the difficulty of the performance. However, the student with the least broken furniture items will win the overall fairy speed performance. Are there any more questions, before Master Gable interrupts my thought processes again? If two students tie with the least broken furniture, I will award two winners. I am very fair and just with the fairy performance test. I would like to see every student win the competition also for into making a good fairy princess and prince.”
“What’s the prize that will be shared with me?” Apella dances side to side with excitement and wears a smirk.
Oviv chuckles with a grin at each teen. “A delightful prize, the envy of your peers. Please, squat down into your fairy speed position.”
Each teen stands in a row on top of the naked concrete, squatting down for the new test.
I lean over and whisper to Yachel. “What’s the prize?”
She views her furniture pile with a grin. “Beats you. Once I beat you, then I can show you, darling.”
I snort. “Beats me. I beat you first, fairy girl...”
“Go!” Oviv stands to the side and shouts out loud with a laugh.
I hold my rock neckline in my left palm and swiftly race ahead to the other side wall with my fairy speed. I stop and reach down, shifting the dining room table away from the wall, lifting the item with my fairy strength in the air, over my hair roots while panting in deep breaths from the heavy piece of furniture. I continue to stand and turn scanning the auditorium room.
Britton has reached the other side and gently places down the heavy dining table, disappearing again with his fairy speed, coming back to the opposite wall.
Gable has stopped in the middle of his aisle and pants while holding the heavy dining room table using his limited fairy strength.
Yachel stands on the other side and gently drops her table down to the floor.
I drop down the heavy table and lean over the hard surface, when my necklace touches the wooden surface. Then I swiftly land on the opposite side of the auditorium room with a gasp of brilliant. I giggle with my new understanding of the rock and the fairy.
I must touch the rock to the object, so my fairy power will flow within towards outward. I perform a second fairy speed to the other side by cupping the rock in my palm.
I lift up the dining chair with one hand using my fairy strength and touch the rock onto the chair wood, immediately landing on the other side with a smile. I slide the chair underneath the table with a nod. I touch my necklace and perform a third fairy speed talent moving back for the lamp, zooming back to table. I gently place the lamp on top of the wooden surface with a giggle and a grin. I continue to stand and scan the auditorium room while spying on my fairy friends.
Britton has completely finished setting up his entire dining room furniture in the front of the bleachers and fusses with the placement of the eating plate.
Gable stands in the middle of his aisle with the lamp while exhaling and inhaling deep breathes.
Yachel is almost finished, needing the set of individual utensils next for the table.
Apella is not finished but fusses with the plate on the top of her dining room table.
I touch my rock and perform a fourth fairy speed to the wall for the eating plate, zooming back, gently placing the item in front of the chair. I touch my rock and use my fairy speed going back and forth more quickly for the other items in sequence: the water goblet, the teacup, the fork, the spoon, and the knife.
Then, I stop and stand in front of my complete dining room furniture setting, fussing with the placement of each individual item for a nice visual presentation. I look up and scan the room, spying on the other teens.
Yachel stands in front of her eating table arrangement and dances side to side, winking to Persia.
Britton stands in front of the chair and dish placement with a sour frown and stares down at his water goblet.
Apella sits down in the chair and stares with a smile at each eating items.
Gable drops the knife down on top of the wooden surface and stands in front of the chair and the plate with a smile and a nodding at his placement setting of dishes too.
Oviv continues to stand at the edge of the auditorium room and stares with a smile at each teen fairy. “The fairy performance has ended. Every student has completed their fairy speed run and assembled a tiny dining room setting, just for me. I will start at the end with Master Gable,” she moves ahead and stops, standing beside his dining room table while humming and studying each one of his items.
Each fairy spins around and stares at her movements, standing in front of their table setting also.
Oviv looks up and smiles to Gable. “Very good, Fairy Gable. You have achieved only one broken item, the teacup,” she looks down and touches her gem stone choker as her fairy amber wave gently soars and lifts the teacup in the air. “Do you see that? The tiny handle has been dislocated, so slightly from the side.”
The other teens gasp in shock and stare at the floating teacup in silence.
Gable drops down both of his arms on his legs and his smile into a frown. “I? How? I was so careful.”
Oviv fingers the levitating teacup in the air. “Ah! This is a small piece of minor damage, when running with glass items. It is the speed of shifting winds that dislocates the handle, not you. You have one broken furniture item,” she lowers the teacup with her amber wave back down onto the hard surface. Her wave sucks back into her throat choker with a soft slurp.
She moves ahead and stands beside Radford, studying his dining room setup, saying with a smile and a nod. “A broken chair. A busted water goblet. A broken plate. You have acquired a total of four broken furniture items, Master Radford.” Radford frowns down at his dining room furniture in silence.
Oviv shifts ahead and stands beside Apella, studying the dining room setup, saying with a smile and a nod. “Ah! A very good job, Fairy Apella. One broken...”
Apella stomps her sandal with a sneer and crosses her arms. “No! My dining room setting is perfect.”
Oviv touches her choker and send out an amber wave, gently lifting the object in the air. “You have a slight crack in the water goblet. I am afraid it is more shear wind coming from your fairy speed. This is the purpose of the mentor, teaching you delicate kindness...”
“...to Apella. She was born under a sour cabbage patch with the biting rodents,” Yachel leans and whispers into the earlobe on Persia.
I slap a hand over my giggle and stare at Apella.
Oviv lowers the teacup down onto the table surface with her fairy wave, sucking it back into the choker with a soft slurp, moving ahead and stands beside Molfalso, studying his dining room set. She frowns. “O dear, Fairy Molfalso. I see a broken table leg, a broken chair leg, a broken lamp, a broken eating plate, a busted water goblet, a broken teacup, a missing prong in the fork, a bend spoon. And the knife is not broken, but the knife teeth have been sawed off...”
“Yeah!” He slaps his chest with a smirk and a chuckle. “That was my personal touch with the dull knife and the bend spoon.”
Oviv gasps in shock and shake her curls at the messy and ugly furniture setting, saying with sour frown to Molfalso. “You have broken every furniture item. I do not understand. You did this all on purpose.”
“To match each broken part and piece here the Academy, the dining room setting matches very well the interior banquet room now,” he laughs with the other teens.
She laughs with a nod. “You are too clever, Molfalso. I will indeed reward you for your creativity.”
Apella stomps her sandals and moves ahead, stops, standing on the opposite of Oviv, shaking her curls with sour frown. “Naw. No. He broke all his furniture items on purpose for his nasty fun. I could’ve done that too.”
Oviv turns and smiles to Molfalso. “And you did not, Fairy Apella. Part of learning your fairy talent is utilizing your fairy power to your advantage in any given silly or serious situation. Fairy Molfalso has exhibited creativity, boldness, and intelligence by winning the fairy performance, his way,” she touches her amber gem stone and sends out the wave through the doorway. A few seconds later, her fairy wave returns and places a small black colored cloth bag between her hands, sucking back into her gem stone throat choker with a soft slurp. 
Each teen moves ahead and gathers around her with a smile.
Kuelle frowns down at the cloth bag. “There are others dining room settings for judging. He didn’t win the entire performance.”
Oviv reaches down and opens the bag. “You are correct, Fairy Kuelle. I will fairly judge the other fairy dining room settings. If there is another student with a perfect setting or possesses only one broken item, then the prize will be shared with both Gable and Apella.”
Apella says with a smirk and a nod. “I won, too. I wanna get my prize, now, too, Mentor Oviv, before fairy Molfalso.”
Oviv turns and smiles to Molfalso. “The color rock selected for you was crimson hue. Crimson hue represents determination. You have indeed lived up to your selected fairy power,” she jerks out from the bag a colored rock in crimson.
Each teen gasps in shock along with Molfalso.
Oviv presents the rock to Molfalso. “You have been awarded a second personality rock for your fairy performance. Yes. The rock can be sculptured into a second gem stone. The gem stone does not increase your fairy powers, but it will allow you to enhance your single wave beam, twice, for fun or malice,” smiling.
Apella stomps her feet and frowns with a sour tone. “My color rock is gold. I wanna get my second rock, right now, Mentor Oviv. A gold nugget is really rare. Do you even possess one for me? I can go back into the gem cave for my second gold nugget.”
Oviv hands the rock to Molfalso. He accepts the earth rock in crimson colors with a smile, “Thank you.”
Oviv nods. “Normally, the student enters the gem cave, only once. However, you are a set of learning students which allows me as a teaching mentor to enter the cave and award more colored rocks. It will fall upon you to shape the rock, in which, I believe each one of you have found to be a painful chore. Do not fret. Every single fairy including your parents had to endure the sculpture, only once. Now, Fairy Molfalso will endure it twice, if he desires,” laughing.
Oviv moves ahead, stops, and stands with a smile beside Yachel. The huddle of teens follows and gathers around her while watching in silence.
Yachel stands behind her chair and stares with a smile down at the table.
Oviv touches her choker throat and releases her amber wave. The wave hits and lifts up each object. She says. “A broken teacup, a goblet, and a plate, all from wind shear also. You have three broken items, Miss Yachel.” She lowers each item and then her wave sucks back into the gem stone with a soft slurp.
Oviv moves ahead, stops, and stands beside Persia and the next dining room setting.
Persia stands behind the table and watches. Oviv stares the table in silence. Persia holds her breath. Oviv look up and smiles at the fairy. “Very good, Fairy Persia. You have no broken furniture items. I cannot see a crack in the delicate water goblet or the teacup or the plate, which are the more precious items for carrying during a fairy speed performance,” she rattles the rocks inside the bag and pulls out the item. “Your rock selected for you the color of magenta.”
I accept the rock with a smile. “What does the color of magenta mean, Mentor Oviv? I can’t find the representation.”
Oviv turns and views the table setting again with a smile. “You did an excellent job, Fairy Persia. I predict that you will hold the only perfect representation of fairy speed for the Fifth Class. Let us finish the judging and find out.” she moves ahead toward Britton and his dining room setting next.
I stand in front of my table with a smile and hug my rock feeling the slight warmth inside the earth stone.
Yachel moves and stands beside Persia, whispering with a sour frown. “I didn’t wanna another dang rock. My hands hurt from polishing my rock yesterday.”
I study the rock. “You hold it by your fingertips. I barely can feel the sharp shavings from each rock fragment using that method.”
“What are you going to do with two earth rocks of sharp shavings?”
“Hmm! I don’t know. But my parents would be proud of me,” I exhale with a puff of frustration. “If I dare to tell them that I have acquired a second color rock in magenta color. Why don’t they believe me? I’m hugging a second magenta rock in both of my palms.”
“Lucky, you got a second one. Take it home and show your parents. Let them figure out what the color means. They’re the smarter fairies of us all,” she giggles.
I giggle. “Good fairy.”
Oviv holds the item in the air with her fairy wave. “Very good, Master Britton. You have only one broken furniture item, the water goblet, due to shear of fairy speed also.”
I view Britton. He frowns with sadness of disappointment at the fairy lesson.
Gem Class ends at 10:58 a.m.




11:04 a.m.
3rd period hour
Teacup Class location
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


Inside the classroom, I giggle and wiggle the same broken dining room chair side to side that holds one shorter leg. I touch the broken leg with my hand and cup my gem stone with the other. Then my chair sits upright in a perfect balance with my person and its broken leg.
Mentor Faddey sits in the small spot next to the same patchwork tablecloth while brewing the tea kettle underneath the burning coals. The table contains the same set of mismatched items including the sugar bowl, the creamer jug, the napkins, and the napkin holders. He stirs the tea and smiles at each teen. “Good new morn, fairies. Please, try again to retrieve the teaspoon out from the fossilized mud.”
I grin with excitement from winning a second personality rock and turn to view my ‘bestest’ friend.
Yachel sits with her eyelashes shut and faces the forward wall with both hands around her teacup with the hidden spoon.
Then I hear the explosion of a teacup behind my back spine.
Faddey nods to the fairy. “Please, go and acquire a new teacup, Master Walcott.”
Walcott displays a tall and athletic body frame with a head of dark brown colored shoulder length hair, a jaw line with red colored whiskers, and a tone of dark tinted skin. He slowly stands upright from the chair and holds one piece on the busted teacup, saying with a smile and a nod. “But, I did it, mentor. I separated the mud from the teacup. I’m done. I’m good. Can I leave and go pond fishing for an hour before my lunchtime meal?”
Faddy grins. “You did accomplish something, breaking the teacup into four separate pieces. The purpose is to separate the teaspoon from the mud, without breaking the teacup. Please, go and fetch another tea bowl for your fairy performance.”
Walcott continues to stand and aims his rock at the tea bowl pile, hitting one tea bowl. The item floats up and drifts ahead toward his seat. He grabs the tea bowl and sits back down with a frown, looking down at the completely intact tea bowl with the packed mud and spoon tip in silence.
In the front room, inside the non-broken chair, I stare down at the teacup from yesterday. The spoon sticks straight up toward the ceiling. The mud is bright gray and hard, harder than my breakfast bread crust. I gingerly touch the mud which is still hard from yesterday, exhaling with a puff of determination.
In the next to last row, on the edge, Gable smiles. “If I shift the teaspoon by .00007 inches, today, since no one has done that yet, will I get a prize, Mentor Faddey? We came from Mentor Oviv’s class session. She had a fairy performance and gave out a fairy prize.”
Faddey sips his tea and then smiles. “I am acutely familiar with Mentor Oviv’s gainful employment of physical rewards for some of her more difficult fairy performances, which is or is not encouraged. And I abstain. However, if you shift the teaspoon by .00007 inches, then the mud will not crack. The mud will delicately separate from the teacup and tenderly rise like a tiny dust cloud of gray ash in coolness. Then, the tiny particles of gray ash will mix with the air molecules, allowing my nostrils to sniff the fresh soot of victory for the moment of the lucky fairy, today. Of course, the victory will be short lived, until the end tip of the round-shaped spoon has been completed retrieved from the fossilized mud.”
On the last row, Molfalso grins. “What do you get when the spoon is removed, Mentor Faddey?”
He smirks. “That is the purpose of Teacup Class. One inch is measured in twelfths. One/twelfth of an inch equal .08 inches. Half of one/twelfth of an inch is .04 inches. Half of a half of one/twelfth is .02 inches. The teacup length is three inches. The most, any on fairy, has ever popped out from the fossilized mud is .02 inches of the .08 inches in one/twelve of an inch of measurement. Please, begin.”
“What in the forest fig did he just say?” Radford turns and frowns at the nose profile of Molfalso.
Molfalso shakes a skull and continues to stare down at his tea bowl with the spoon tip in silence.
On the first row, I place my rock underneath the teacup as both my hands hold the teacup steady, without breaking the delicate china bone material. I close my eyelashes while exhaling and inhaling and then I hear a tiny pop.
I open my eyelashes.
A puff of gray ash slowly rises from the mud coming from the outer circle of mud, surrounding the curved edge on the teacup.
I hold my breath and jerk one hand from the side of the teacup, holding the teacup in place underneath the rough rock and yank out the teaspoon, but nothing happens.
I look up with a smile to see Faddy. He sniffs and then smell inside each one of his nostrils a plume of fossilized mud too, smiling with a nod to Persia.
I turn and look down the table, seeing a line of females. Each girl has a pair of closed eyelashes and faces the pretty flower pattern wall of peeling paper. I return back and surround my teacup with both of my cupped hands for a second time with a smile while waiting for another sound of a pop and plume of stinky ash.
Teacup Class ends at 11:58 a.m.


12:03 p.m.
2nd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime meal
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


“Sculpares gemimi,” I sit on top of the ratty loveseat, perching the rock on my fingertips, slowly smoothing my hand over the rock. I wear my tea length dress and my sandals without bothering to change for lunch, since I must wear my dress for the next session. All the edges of my gem stone are smooth rounded and curvy, after sculpturing the rock for one day and a half.
The bedroom door slides open in silence.
Yachel bangs both the food trays and her dress sleeves through the archway, advancing to Persia. “Lunch is here. It smells like meatloaf. I love dead cow, dead pig, and dead chicken, sometimes, all at the same time,” she stops and squats down, placing both the trays on top of the low table, tossing off the food lids to the floor, eating her meal with a fork and a spoon.
“Sculpares gemimi,” I rake my fingers over the rock. “Do not create another pothole for my naked feet!”
“Sorry.” She stares down at the wooden floor that displays numerous tiny holes while eating the food. “Persia, eat. You can play with the rock in enchantment class, the purpose of enchantment class.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and place the rock on the window seal, turning to see my food tray, grabbing the fork. I stab the meat. “I get an ash pop from my teacup, today.”
She performs an ugly mouth spit with some of her chewed food particles from a pair of parted lips on the floor and the table surface. “Naw!”
I chew the meat. “Yeah, it popped into a very small smoke bomb of gray ash. Faddy even nodded to me.”
“Naw,” chews Yachel.
“Yeah, I’m beginning to understand. The rock and I are connected like the mentors are teaching us over and over again. When I finally sculpture down all the rough colored magenta rock into a smooth gleaming stone, my rock will be purple hue like my mama says,” I reach over and lift up the smooth rock, studying the color. “The purple color is justice. That’s my personality power. Do you see? The rock looks like a purple rock in the sunlight.”
Yachel swallows the food and presents her rock. “My rock is a pale blue color. If your shaving theory is correct, my rock will be a pale yellow or white, when I finish my sculpture.”
I look with a confused brow at her rock and then my rock. “Uh. Yes. No. Yes. Maybe!”
She eats the food and tosses her rock down on the floor with a loud thud. “Forget the color of the rock. Concentrate on the power. You did a good job not cracking the drinking crystal delicate goblet in Gem Class today.”
“I got lucky. Oviv said to take our time, so I did.”
“What are going to do with the second rock?”
“I’m going to think about it later. We’re late for Enchantment Class.” I stand, lift and drop the necklace over my breasts, moving ahead toward the closed door.
The door slides open.
I lead out into the hallway and turn, running with the other teens with Yachel by my side to our next session.
The door closes shut in silence.


01:03 p.m.
4th period hour
Enchantment Class location


Yachel and I run down the stairs, into the hallway, and enter the classroom. I move ahead and sit down at the same high table with Yachel, placing my rock inside the table pocket slot.
Mentor Kaapo stands in front of the white wall and lifts her arm as her gem wave fans around the room, touching each table.
I look down and see a pile of round brown seedlings beside an orange colored flower pot with no soil in front of my chest.
Yachel grins down at the item. “Remove warts, yesterday. Grow flowers, today. I guess, I’ll being picking my boogers, tomorrow,” she looks down at the hard surface and swishes her hand on the reader-table, flipping through the page for the correct verb-noun combination.
In front of the classroom, Kaapo grins. “Grow me some flowers. This is a very easy enchantment. After you have completed it, you may keep the flower pot or give the flower pot to someone else. Then, please, start sculpturing your rock into a gem stone, which is the more important purpose of you and class,” she moves ahead and leaves her classroom.
The classroom door closes.
Yachel places the pile of seedlings inside her flower pot, swishing her rock over the top. “Groot florina.” She looks down into the pot, seeing the seedlings, frowning with disappointment, and swishes with her hand through the pages on the reader-table.
Persia smiles and places the pile of seedlings inside her pot.
A hand appears and drops numerous seedlings in her flower pot as two strong biceps wrap around her arms. The hand holds a dark blue rock over her flower pot as the male voice says above her black tinted hair roots. “Coltium florina.”
One seedling pops open. One pink rose bud grows and shoots upward into a bloom of full petals.
The male voice smiles above her skull. “Coltium florina.”
A second seedling pops open. A yellow rose bud grows, shooting up into a bloom of full petals.
Britton continues to hold his rock over the flower pot of blooming flowers, repeating the word to the seedlings. “Coltium florina. Coltium florina. Coltium florina. Coltium florina…”
Then, the rest of the seedlings inside her flower pot pop open into various colored rose buds, forming a big bouquet of flowers.
Persia smiles with happiness at the flowers and then winks at Britton.
Enchantment Class ends at 01:58 p.m.


02:09 p.m.
5th period hour
Flute Class location
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I dash into the music room, after leaving my new fresh floral arrangement from Britton in my sleeping suit, ignoring the loud musical noise in each corner of the wall.
Sondson is pretty cool about each teen coming and going from his classroom as he sits on the platform, dangling his feet off the edge with a smile and a nod. “Good morning, fairies. You can advance to the meadow, calling your unicorn for the daily ride, if you have successfully signaled your beast. Or you advance into the meadow trying again.”
I move ahead toward the pile of flutes in the wall corner and stop, reaching down, grabbing one. I inspect the rusty holes and smeared mouth piece. “Ugh! This is thing is neither clean nor sanitary…”
Yachel moves with Persia and grabs one of the flutes spinning around, swinging it down with her leg. “Toss it in the air and use your gem rock to play the song with the four notes or sing the musical chords C, E, F, and G,” smiling.
“Yeah, I can do that.” I move through the archway and rub my magenta gem rock over my itchy dress and pair of sandals as my clothes change into a pair of blue jeans, a solid yellow colored tee shirt, and my pink and green cowgirl boots. I stomp around each broken step.
Yachel changes into her pair of faded and ripped blue jeans, a solid colored brown tee shirt, and pair of her worn but polished brown tinted cowgirl boots using her pale blue gem rock.
Outside, I stop and stand in the middle of flat and more dead then fertile green colored field meadow within a semi-crooked line of nosily teens, tossing the flute in the air. It magical hangs in the air. I wiggle my hand and cup the rock necklace, mentally thinking the musical notes inside my fairy mind.
Magically, the flute plays the smooth musical notes.
I hear the rumble of hoofs, before a forehead of flowing mane, seeing a line of colorful unicorns on top of the grassy hill. I call out with a smile and a nod. “Komilly, come here! Let’s go galloping to the pond, again.”
The green colored unicorn slowly moves down the hill toward Persia and stops in front of her mistress, nodding with horsey acknowledgement. I pat her forehead and move beside her stomach, positioning my earth rock over her boney spine and stop, turning with a frown to see Yachel.
Yachel sits on top of her yellow unicorn inside the saddle with a set of riding reins, smiling at Persia.
I frown “We’re not supposed to ride with a saddle as a fairy princess.”
“I ride with a nice thick leather saddle against my tender fairy fanny princess,” Yachel laughs out loud and kicks the stomach on her unicorn, riding away from Persia.
I continue to stand on the grass and exhale with a puff of annoyance at my friend, turning to view the bony spine on the unicorn, rubbing my gem rock over her back. A worn saddle and a set of riding reins swiftly appear on the unicorn, like yesterday. I climb up the spine and settle down into the thick leather, turning with a smile to see Britton.
Britton continues to stand in the short dead grasslets, plays his flute, and then stops the music while staring at the grassy hilltop with a worried brow.
I feel sad that he can’t find the right pitch to signal his unicorn on the second day of Flute Class. I gently kick and steering my beast near him.
He stops playing the flute, looking up with a smile to see Persia. I drop down from the unicorn and stand on the dead grass with a smile. “Do you wanna ride with me on my unicorn for the day, Britton?”
He fingers the object with a stern face. “You’re not supposed to use a saddle.”
“I know that. But...”
“You should remove the saddle as a fairy princess.”
“Only today, I’ll go bare back riding, tomorrow afternoon. Are you sure that you don’t wanna come with me for a quick ride, today?”
He looks down with a sad pout to see the dry grass and shakes his skull. “Naw! Go on!” He looks up with a smile to her. “I’ll be along in a little while. I should have better luck, after practicing all day yesterday.”
I thumb back over my collar bone toward the east with a smile. “I’ll be near the pond water hole in the east. That way. Komilly likes the water.”
“That’s strange. Why did you name the beastie?”
I reach and pat her neck with a nod and a smile. “We’re good friends, forever and always.”
“O!”
I kick the dry dirt with a smile to Britton. “I can stay here with you, while you play the flute looking for your unicorn.”
He looks back over collar bone with a frown and shakes his skull seeing the fairy mentor, “Naw!” He turns and frowns to her. “You can’t. You ain’t supposed to that. This is the purpose of Flute Class. I’ll get right, today. I promise. Go on and have some fun before our next class.”
I said with a nod and a smile. “Okay. I’ll be waiting and watching by the water pond. Okay. Later, Britton!” I climb back onto the soft leather saddle and spin the reins that spin the unicorn to the east, kicking her fat stomach muscles, and swiftly gallop away over the dry grass, hitting the grassy hillside. I look back over my collar bone to see Britton. He waves and smiles at Persia.
Gable, Apella, and some of the other unlucky teens still continue to stand in the dead grass, play their individual flute and watch for their unicorn too.


02:22 p.m.
Pond water location
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I gallop over two hilltops and see the pond water, veering with a smile toward the other teens. Molfalso, Yachel, Zann, and Walcott stand underneath an over-story grove of shade trees on top of an individual different colored unicorn engaging with talk and laughter. I trot Komilly into the huddle and then stop beside Yachel.
Inside the half-moon shape, Walcott turns and frowns at Persia and her green tinted unicorn. “Where did you learn to ride a beast?”
“From me,” Yachel slaps her chest and smiles at Persia. “Persia is a natural horse woman like me. My daddy taught both of us to ride old unicorns and elderly farm tractors, ain’t right, darling?”
“Right, fairy girl,” I smile with a nod to Walcott.
Walcott smirks. “Well then, maybe, we can see some of Persia’s fancy riding skills for ourselves, because I don’t believe Yachel. She lies too dang much. How about we race from here to over yonder to that grove of tall oak trees? The winner of the single beastie race gets Persia’s second colored purple earth rock.”
I gasp. “My rock is colored magenta. No one here got that specific color inside the gem cave either. My rock would be useless to all of ya’ll.”
Walcott grins. “No ma’am. That, there purple rock is very valuable in more than one way.”
I frown. “Like, how?”
Walcott winks with a grin. “It’s pretty like Persia. And it’s a powerful earth mineral. It can be traded for something else more valuable.”
Molfalso nods with a laugh. “Walcott has won his debate. Do you wanna race or not on your beastie, Persia? Your draw!”
I nod with a smile. “Okay! Fine! I wanna race. What do I win?”
Molfalso laughs. “Girl, you ain’t going to win. I am the beastie-man here in the Fairyland.”
I ponder his stupid statement and then say with a grin and a nod. “I’ll take that bet with Molfalso losing. Now, what do I get for winning?”
Yachel smiles. “How about you got Molfalso’s second colored rock?”
I gasp in shock. Molfalso frowns with worry. I shake my curls and grin. “Naw! I told you that rock only works for the fairy. But, I do have a special request, when I win the beastie race from Molfalso. Are you fairy enough?”
Walcott reaches over and slaps Molfalso on the bicep, saying with a chuckle and a nod. “Are you fairy enough, boy?”
Molfalso snorts with a smile. “I will win. I will get that color rocked. What’s your request that will not be address, Persia?”
I back step with a smile on my unicorn from the teen huddle, tossing my chin to the side and away from the huddle with her friends and the stationary unicorns. “Over here, we talk in private, Molfalso.” I turn and trot to the open meadow.
Molfalso back steps from the huddle with a grin and kicks his unicorn, riding behind Persia and then stops, moving beside her.
I turn and smile at his nose profile. “If I win this race beating you, then you will help Britton get his personally and colored unicorn. You are the best beastie-man here within Fairyland. I guess herding one single tiny unicorn to one single little prince is peasy easy, ain’t right, fairy prince?” I mouth spit down on my open palm and extend it to him. “We got a deal, fairy prince.”
He grins with a nod. “We got a deal, fairy princess,” he performs a mouth spit down onto his open palm and slaps her open palm, spreading the fairy germs. We spin around and trot back toward the huddle with their friends, parking underneath the grove cool shade trees.
I smile to each teen. “We’re ready. Who’s going to race against me?”
Walcott yells out loud and tosses his arms into the air with a grin. “Yahoo! All of us! Get in line! No fairy rock dust either! This is a race of the beasties and their masters or mistresses.”
Molfalso, Yachel, Walcott, and Persia back step from the grove of trees and form a semi-straight line over the green valley with smooth grass.
Zann back steps from the grove of trees and spins around with a smile, slowly trotting toward the end on the semi-straight line. “I don’t wanna race. So, I’ll be the referee and judge of the winner. Okay! Is every fairy ready?”
On the race line, each fairy teen sings out loud in unison, “Yeah!” As each unicorn dances side to side with nervousness.
At the end of the race line, Zann smiles. “Is every fairy in pose?”
“Yeah,” each teen sings out loud in unison.
Zann shouts out loud with a smile and tosses his arms in the air, “Everyone go!”
I kick the stomach on Komilly and yell out loud with a smile, leaning down over her green colored mane, “Yaw! Yaw!” Komilly dashes ahead and runs up the grassy hillside.
Walcott slaps the reins back and forth at the rump on his unicorn. His beastie rears upright on both hind legs and then drops down, racing up the hillside behind Persia.
Yachel waits one second in the race line and allows Persia to win the unicorn race, kicking her unicorn in the stomach muscles. Her unicorn races up the hillside a few feet behind her friend Walcott.
Molfalso and I race neck to neck on top of each unicorn, running down the first hilltop. Each unicorn swiftly gallops through the deep green valley and then up the second hill beside each other. They quickly ride back down the hill even in nose holes on each beastie.
The two unicorns climb up the steep terrain with the oak tree over the hill and stomp down the wildflower bed as a pink unicorn stomps up on top of the hill. Apella halts at the peak of hill, waving both arms to Molfalso and Persia with a silly grin.
I gasp in alarm. Apella is standing in direct line of our moving stampede.
Molfalso jerks the reins backwards into his chest and as his unicorn slides sideways and away from Apella on top of her pink colored unicorn.
I’m winning the race and run slightly ahead by a nostril muzzle and touch my gem rock. I create a thin line of magenta fairy wave which barely floats the four hoofs on Komilly a few inches off the grassy ground.
Apella screams out loud and falls sideways off her pink colored unicorn down onto the grass as the unicorn drops down on its kneecaps too.
My magenta fairy wave pulls both us above and over both a fallen unicorn and a whiney Apella as I sob with tears of joy from a bad tragedy.
Apella stands upright and shouts out loud, turning around with a sour frown and waving her arms at the rump on the unicorn and the rear skull on Persia. “You almost killed me, Persia. I’m telling my mama. I’m telling Mentor Daffodil. I’m telling everyone...”
Yachel races her gray colored unicorn up the hilltop beside Apella, kicking out her boot toe at her unfriendly fairy mate with a sneer, missing the whiny girl.
Apella swiftly drops down on top of the grass again and covers her hair roots with a scream, slowly standing upright from the grass with a wobble. She shouts out loud and wears a sour frown at the back spine on Yachel. “You almost murdered me, Yachel. I’m telling my mama. I’m telling Mentor Daffodil. I’m telling everyone...”
I slowly gallop Komilly over the thin line from my magenta colored fairy wave. She slips and slides to the side on the thin fairy wave. I gasp in alarm and then leap my body off the back spine on the unicorn, falling down on the opposite side, rolling over the soft grass. My fairy wave breaks into a numerous tiny magenta fragments in the air and then sucks back into my earth rock with a soft slurp.
Komilly lands on two front hoofs down on the grass kicking and bucking her hind legs into the air, getting her balance upright on the solid soil. She swiftly gallops around in a set of completed circles while calming her unicorn excitement.
I roll back onto my back spine and stare at the blue sky with pants of heavy breathes while calming my pumping heart and racing pulse.
And then I hear the voice of Yachel.
She yells out loud. “Persia! You’re down! Are you dead? Are you hurt?” She stops on top of the grass and jumps down from her unicorn, running ahead to Persia, sliding over the grass with a gasp. She reaches down and shakes the fallen body with worry. “Are you hurt? Are you bleeding? Are you dead, Persia?”
I exhale with a puff of excitement and close my eyelashes. “Fine.”
She falls down over Persia with laughter. “That was fun. Let’s do it again.”
I giggle out loud and softly say with a smirk. “Yeah!”
Flute Class ends at 04:58 p.m.


05:11 p.m.
Common hallway setting
Hot temperatures and partly cloudy with sunshine


Each unicorn responses to the beep on each earth rock and returns back each fairy rider to Flute Class.
I do not receive a reprimand or a punishment chore from falling incident involving Apella or her unicorn.
Yachel and I release our beasties back to the wild or the barn stalls for a bag of food.
Each fairy moves back into the hallway and shares their new adventure with their unicorn, but a couple of unlucky teens, including Britton.
I slowly move down the crowded hallway with my fairy guy Britton with a smile and then a frown as he slowly limps around each pothole with another rejection day without a unicorn.
Then we climb the busy staircase and then split into their separate sleeping suites for the supper meal.

06:06 p.m.
2nd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia
Cool temperatures and partly cloudy with sunshine


Inside my bedroom, I tote the flower pot into my chest and decide where to display my pretty roses inside my room.
The bedroom door opens in silence.
Yachel enters the room and smiles. “Get dressed for our dates, Persia.”
I sit the flowers on top of the nightstand with a smile. “Getting dressed, takes one point two seconds of my time.”
“Get showered.” She stops, stands beside Persia, and touches the roses with a smile, feeling the silky petal, dropping her hand. She turns and frowns to Persia. “Did you actually bath your body? Because your jeans still contain the grass stains from your train wreck with Apella. I can’t believe you didn’t whack her off with the unicorn hoofs or the fairy wave beam or your boot heel. I think Britton likes you, thou.”
I continue to stand beside Yachel and the nightstand of roses, lifting up, rubbing my earth rock on the necklace over both of my legs. A clean red colored T-shirt, a pair of clean faded, shredded jeans appears over my nasty naked body. I still wear my favorite pair of cowgirl boots that are still dirty from my train wreck with Apella.
I whip my pink cape over a shoulder with a sour frown at Yachel. “Whack Apella off? I don’t like her person, but I can’t think of a good enough reason not to whack her off. I enjoyed sneaking around the building last night. Are we going to get into trouble for using the old staircase and exploring the forbidden and hidden and lousy Watcher Station again?”
She spins around with a smile and dashes ahead with a nod, passing Persia toward the closed door. “More like get killed, each rotten wooden plank on the floor is dangerously rotten. You need to form a wave with your rock.”
The bedroom door opens in silence.
She exits and races down the crowded hallway.
I exit my room, then turn into the hallway, and chase after a fluttering pink cape on Yachel, yelling out loud “A wave, like the mentors do. I’m not that advanced.”
The bedroom door closes in silence.
At 06:08 p.m., Yachel and I race down the staircase and down into the semi-dark common hallway for fun with giggle and smiles.
I pull up beside Yachel with a giggle and a smile and stroll around each pothole while anticipating my sweet lip meeting Britton tonight.
“It’s easy.” Yachel lifts up her pale blue earth rock on the necklace between both of her hands, pointing it down at the floor inside the hallway. “Just think the word, wave.” Her rock emits a single thin pale blue fairy beam a few inches above the wooden planks ahead of her feet.
I grab and hold my earth rock on the necklace between my two hands with a whisper. “Just think the word, wave.” My rock emits a very thin and broken line of a magenta fairy wave a few inches above the wooden floor ahead of my feet.
She exhales with annoyance. “Your fairy wave needs a little more work, Persia. Think of a straight thick line of color which forms your fairy wave.”
I continue to stroll with Yachel and around each pothole, marching down an empty hallway, cuddling my rock necklace. A magenta beam emits a straight thin fine line toward the wall, shattering the rotten wood, creating a small of black sawdust.
She grins, “That’s much better.” Yachel stops in front of the closed closet door with a laugh.
At 06:10 p.m., in front of the closet door entrance. The door slides open with a loud squeak.
Yachel and I move inside and stand in the darkness within the same small room from last night without a single window but a tall ratty and rough narrow wooden staircase.
The door closes shut with a loud squeak.
Yachel lifts up and points her pale blue earth rock on the necklace at the ceiling planks. A thin vertical line in pale blue color hits the balcony ceiling, burning off more rotten wooden chips that drop down on the floor. She smiles. “I’m going to use my fairy wave like a long piece of rope to help me jump over each rotten wooden plank this time on the staircase. You do the same thing. And do not fall down, because I don’t have a rescue plan for you.”
I grin and show my slightly crooked white teeth within the darkness. “Britton.”
She frowns. “Naw! He will get into serious trouble, if he totes your injured girly body down from the Watcher Station while leaving a bloody trail of your blood proteins. Okay! So, do not fall down and broke an arm or a leg or a fairy body part tonight.”
I exhale with nervousness and look up, staring at her pale blue fairy beam that hugs the balcony ceiling. “I don’t know.”
“I do know that I wanna see Stad again on the balcony.”
I grin. “I wanna see Britton,” I lift up and raise my earth rock on the necklace over my tiara, mentally thinking the word, wave. A thin line of magenta hut hits the balcony ceiling, causing some of the wood to fall down in front of my boot toes. I swiftly swing on my fairy ray out of the way from the falling rotten debris with fun from danger.
Yachel holds her earth rock like a handle and swings her body upon the first step on the staircase, moving sideways within the darkness around each broken wooden plank as her face and her cape sometimes fly into the pale blue beam.
I continue to stand on the floor and narrow the eyelashes, looking up at her.
Yachel has landed on top of the Watcher Station balcony floor in safety. She swings around and shines her pale blue rock beam down into Persia’s face to start her ascend now.
I exhale with a puff of worry, cuddle my necklace in both of my hands, and remain still attached to my magenta fairy wave. I leap from the floor and fly my body to the side, ricocheting off the solid wall, rubbing off more wooden chips form the rotten wall. I soar to the other side wall and bounce off the floor, sailing up the second step on the narrow staircase. I continue to hit and bounce off the narrow banister railing, touching down on the good wooden plank. I fly in the air and then roughly land on my two kneecaps on the top of the Watcher Station balcony, facing the forward wooden railing and the grove of tall trees, gasping for air, controlling my pumping heart.

06:13 p.m.
Watcher Station location
Cool temperature and moon light with bright stars


Yachel laughs and leans down, assisting Persia to stand. “Good job, Persia! You’re a fairy mentor now.”
I continue to stand and exhale with a puff of excitement, straightening my cape, spinning around to see staircase. The weak wooden construction slightly wobbles from wooden pain. II frown at the staircase. “That staircase isn’t going to last much longer with our double boot toe abuse.”
She spins around with a laugh and lead, scooting around each pothole on the floor in the watcher station. “I’ve already concluded that miserable fact. But, we’re novices with a beginner fairy wave beam, until we get really good with an experienced fairy wave beam.”
I slide away from each exposed pothole with a frown. “When will that be?”
“Starting tomorrow in Gem Class,” she guides down the easterly wing in the Watcher Station and meets Stad, smiling with a wink.
“O!” I stop and stand on the westerly wing, looking up with a smile to see Britton. He opens his arms with a smile and stands beside our column pole of rotten wood.
I carefully step over each pothole on top of the floor, stop, cuddle into his chest with a smile and a deep sigh of lust and love. “How in the lands did you get here before me?”
He leans down and kisses her forehead, pulling back with a grin. “Do you really wanna know?”
I giggle. “Did you use the staircase like me too?”
He leans down and kisses her nose bridge, pulling back with a smile. “Are you shore that you really wanna know?”
I grin. “The staircase is the only access point into the Watcher Station which goes up from the bottom floor.”
He leans down and kisses her lips for a while, pulling back with a chuckle. “Are you absolutely positive that you really wanna know how I get up here into the Watcher Station?”
“Yeah.”
Britton cuddles and twirls Persia to face the wooden railing, extending both of his arms. His earth rock releases a dark blue fairy wave over the side on top of the wooden railing among the invisible the air waves in the night, hitting the ground.
I gasp. “That’s beautiful.”
Britton climbs on top of his fairy wave and then lifts Persia up from the floor, kicking the wooden railing, knocking off the rotten wood with his boot toe.
I gasp in alarm and feel his sexy movements on my back side as I stand in front of his face and his chest.
Britton slowly moves with Persia in his arms over a thick carpet of dark blue fairy wave with bright illumination among the darkness of the night. I hold his two arms with a little fear of heights while hearing his set of soft chuckles.
He stands with Persia in his arms on top of the fluttering airborne horizontal fairy wave. I feel the cold breeze on my hands and my cheekbones.
He stands still with a chuckle.
I scan the air waves and view each tiny plant shadow from the full moon light on the ground with my fairy eyeballs. I look up and view bright stars, seeing their brightness, like I am alone with them. I say with a smile of nervousness. “This is so cool. I’m hovering like a bird. Are we in danger?”
Britton releases Persia with a chuckle.
I slip and then slide to the side, falling off the dark blue fairy wave, heading down toward the ground in shock without screaming.
A new fairy wave emerges and glows in a pale blue hue and catches the falling body on Persia, lifting her friend Persia up from the fall and in the night sky, landing Persia back onto the Watcher Station platform. The pale blue fairy wave sucks back into the gem stone with a soft slurp. Yachel disappears around the pole and turns, cuddling into the arms on Stad.
On top of the westerly platform, Britton continues to stand in shock and reaches out with worry, grabbing her waistline, pulling her into his chest. He holds Persia with both of his arms.
I shake and quiver with fear.
“I’m sorry,” he tenderly whispers down into her earlobe. “I shouldn’t have done that. I was showing off. A wave is truly safe to float and travel upon for one fairy. But, it requires much more experience for two fairies.” He twirls her around with a sad pout. “Are you mad?”
I quiver from his touch and my falling excitement. “No. I...” swallow the nervousness. “I trust you.”
He cuddles Persia with a smile. “Thank you.” He leans down and kisses her forehead, then her nose, then her lips, and then her…
3rd day Fairy Academy


03:03 am
2nd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia
Cool temperatures with bright stars


“I do not like you,” the alto voice shouts out loud coming from the solid wall.
I blink open my eyelashes and stare up at ceiling, but do not scream. I sit upright on my two elbows inside the warm bed blankest and stare at the female spirit. She wears a long dress with a head bonnet in translucent glowing white against the dark solid wall.
I look down and view my second colored magenta rock, guarding the floor in front of the closed door archway and then view her again. She stops and floats in the air without attacking the fairy. I sneer with angry. “How did you get in here, spirit?”
She sneers back. “You cannot harm me.”
I sneer back again and jerk my necklace from the nightstand, pitching the rock at her. The neckline hits her chest. She screams out loud and swiftly flies backward, hits the wall, disappearing out of the room.
Inside my warm bed blankets, I exhale with a puff of annoyance and stare at the pretty magenta rock on the floor. “An earth rock! She can come inside my room through each wall too. I know what to do.” I grin and roll out of warm bed with a yawn and a tint of sour breath.
I slowly move to my tossed necklace on the floor and pick it up, standing upright, moving ahead. I stop and slide down into the reader-carder, placing my gem stone in the pocket slot.
I fingernail-write on top of the reader tray…Spirit.
A page of black colored words appears on the reader-tray.
I study the list and rub out each sleepy crumb, wiping off the mouth drool spit. “The verb-noun combo for no spirit is…is…is…” I yawn with an ugly mouth and whisper out loud. “No spirit! Figures!” I wipe the black colored words clean from my reader-tray with both my hands and remove my stone.
The solid wall goes white again.
I stand upright from the reader-chair and stumble away from the reader-table, slamming into the solid wall. “No spirit!” I reach out and rub my rock over the wall. I move ahead every five feet on the wall in my room space, rubbing the earth rock over the peeling paint and a few spider webs. “No spirito, tarto!” I yawn with more sleep.


07:49 a.m.
Banquet hall location
Breakfast mealtime


I run on a pair of my naked feet and carry my sandals, dragging my fairy cape over the rough floor as it catches on the rough edge of the pothole. I yawn and jerk the fabric forward, hearing a swish of a tear, moving through the archway.
I stop and scoot down into an empty chair, sitting down, dressing my feet and my shoulders.
Yachel continues to sit and turns with a smile to see Persia. “Ah! I’m jealous. You want on another late dining date with Captain Robert.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and view my plate with a set of bread crumbs, without the bread, looking up with a sour frown to see the nose profile of Yachel. “You ate my bread...”
“...with the creamy rich butter too,” Yachel chews and swallows the last piece with an open mouth and a soft chuckle. “I figured you and Captain Robert had a good fight. So, you slept late, later than usual and couldn’t possibly finish your breakfast meal, before the morning fairy tale session. Why waste good eating food?”
Zann sits beside Yachel and smiles. “I get Persia’s bread, tomorrow.”
Yachel turns and gasps at Zann. “You ate Apella’s bread, this morning, when she had slept in late, like a fairy princess. Ah, naw, now. One stolen piece of bread per fairy, per morning meal,” she returns and smiles to Persia.
I shake the curls at the table of teens. “Ah, naw, here! I will be here breaking and eating my piece of bread each morning. This is a fairy princess proclamation. No one touches my bread or my butter or my dull knife or my ugly fork tomorrow or the next tomorrow or the future tomorrows…”
Apella enters the archway with a yawn and slaps a hand over her parted lips, sitting down in an empty chair, staring at each teen. “I got a visit from Captain Robert, last night, too. Does he travel into each sleeping suite bothering every single sleeper, every night? There are about 200 fairies in this place.”
Zann turns and grins at Apella, “Not me!”
“Me, either, neither, never!” Yachel chews her piece of bread and chuckles with amusement.
I press my finger down onto my plate, lift, and lick up each bread crumb onto my tongue for nourishment. “Yachel doesn’t count. She can sleep though a nasty weather storm, and I have eye witnessed that uncanny ability. I got a visit from someone spirit named Lady Margaret, last night.”
Apella yawns and covers a hand over her parted lips, saying with a soft timber. “You and Yachel have sleepovers like a pair of little girls.”
“Like a pair of little fairy girls!” I reach out and press a finger down onto Yachel’s plate for more bread crumbs, lifting and sucking down the food on my hunger tongue.
Yachel nods with a smile to Apella. “I will repeat for each pair of earlobes. Spirits do not like fairies. You should wear your earth rock necklace at all times, including bedtime, Persia...”
I chew the bread crumbs with a sour frown. “I wore my necklace, tart. The spirit didn’t hover over my face, like Captain Robert did. She entered and then exited through the side wall, not the front door like a normal fairy.”
Yachel slowly stands upright from the chair with a laugh. “All spirits do, darling.” She spins around and moves with the other teens out the archway for the first fairy class.
I slowly stand and reach over, pressing a finger into each plate of bread crumbs, covering each finger pad with a smile. I slowly spin around and lick each finger, following the other teens to my first academic class.
Breakfast ends at 07:58 a.m.


08:16 a.m.
1st period hour
Fairy Lore Classroom location


Ibbie stands against the front solid white wall with a page of black colored words as she reads the rear wall with the same page of black colored words out loud to each pair of eardrums. “There are numerous rules for the fairy and the gem stone. Rule number one, you cannot produce an item out of thin air with the stone like a witch.”
In the rear row of cute teen males, Molfalso frowns inside his reader-chair at Ibbie. “I produced a saddle and a set of reins on my unicorn yesterday out of thin air…”
I halt my reader-chair from swirling around toward Molfalso while staring at Ibbie.
In front of the classroom, Ibbie says with a puzzled brow. “An interesting statement, Fairy Molfalso. A fairy rides a unicorn without a saddle and a pair of reins, since a fairy can control the unicorn’s pace, speed, and distance.”
Molfalso raises his fist and then present one finger at a time with a sour frown at Ibbie. “One, I ain’t a fairy prince, yet. Two, my riding pace is faster than fastest. Three, I ain’t ever riding a beastie without a saddle on its boney spine, if you know what I mean down below and behind me,” he laughs with the other males.
I giggle with amusement. My arm heats on top of my reader-tray. I look down and read the sentence.
Yachel fingernail-writes on top of the reader-tray to Persia…Ibbie has never ridden on a unicorn or a horse or a...


I wipe the tray and fingernail-write…Understood! Do not get me into trouble.
Yachel fingernail-writes with a smile…What trouble, princess fairy?


I wipe the tray with a sour frown and then view Ibbie.
Ibbie frowns at Molfalso. “Rule number one, you cannot produce an item out of thin air. The saddle and the pair of reins come by way of a stable brownie from the unicorn stables, where each brownie tenderly cares for each beastie, which is not you, Fairy Prince Molfalso. The stable brownie attends to the unicorn, when the fairy signals for these riding items. The brownie had tarried and then produced the riding gear on the unicorn’s back for you, Fairy Prince Molfalso.”
I look down with a stern face and fingernail-write on top of my reader tray back to Yachel…I did not know.


Yachel fingernail-writes on top of the reader-tray back to Persia…I did. We employ lots of stable brownies on my farm.


Ibbie reads the words down on the floor. “Rule number two, you cannot turn a fairy into a toady frog or a rose flower or another object. Rule number three, you cannot produce food items either. The kitchen brownie will see to your hungry needs. Rule number four, you cannot influence a fairy’s mind with your gem stone or an enchantment charm. Rule number five, you cannot influence a human’s mind either. This is good information to remember for the fairy who wishes to carry on the Fairy Controller role as honored by the Fairy Queen for many, many centuries here in Fairyland.”
Gable frowns. “Why not?”
I allow my reader-chair to swirl and face Gable with fairy curiosity.
He frowns at Ibbie. “We’re smarter, stronger, and superior to humans. We’re cleaner, calmer, and more caring than every single human.”
Ibbie nods. “That is an interesting statement, Fairy Gable.”
My chair swirls back to face Ibbie.
She nods. “Yes, a fairy is smarter, stronger, and superior to a human, simply because, we possess an array of supernatural powers. However, there are other supernatural beings that live here on Planet Earth with the race of humans and us. But, we live here in Fairyland. The race of humans lives there in the human world.”
I swish a hand over the reader-tray and flip the pages in the book, looking for a picture of a human. The reading material is also located inside my earth rock, so I can look ahead in the book or wait for Ibbie’s current fairy lore lecture.
Ibbie nods. “Let us go off the primary lecture and discuss the race of nasty, smelly, rude, mean humans. They come in various sizes and shapes, smells, and suck up all the natural resources on the planet…”
My hand heats on top of my reader-tray. I view the new sentence.
Yachel fingernail-writes on top of the reader tray to Persia with a smile…What’s up with the three matching ‘s’ sounds?


I giggle and cover a hand over my parted lips while using the other hand to fingernail-write back to Yachel…Its super sleek, slick.


Ibbie says for all eardrums inside the classroom. “They are selfish, stubborn, and starved for unlimited power.”
Yachel fingernail-writes on top of the reader-tray to Persia…More ‘s’ sounds.


I drop my hand with a grin and fingernail-write on top of the reader-tray back to Yachel…Its slightly shallow, sugar.


Ibbie says for all eardrums inside the classroom. “They are vile and vicious varmints.”
Yachel fingernail-writes on top of the reader-tray to Persia…What’s a vile vicious varmint?

In front of the classroom, Ibbie says with a stern face to each teen. “This is the nature of humans. This is the nature of their human world. This is the natural explanation for avoiding humans.”
Yachel fingernail-writes on the top of the reader tray to Persia…I get a nature call, sometimes, too.


I giggle and then slap a hand over my parted lips and use my other hand to fingernail-write back to Yachel…Stop it!

On the second row of reader-chairs, Zann smiles at Ibbie. “My parents are a pair of Fairy Controllers too.”
Each reader-chair does not swirl to see Zann and as each teen has learned to control their mind and the reader-table.
She smiles. “They work in the human world. They have mentioned that the world is pretty and beautiful and are filled with amazing things. Fairyland is not that. The nightly ocean floods the pretty landscape with salt, eating away the fertile soil, the pretty flowers, the green grass, and the food crops. What are we to do when our landscape disappears?”
Gable smiles. “This is our home.”
My reader-chair swirls around to see Gable.
He nods. “This is our Academy. This is our landscape. This is our problem,” laughing.
Ibbie nods with a smile to the teen. “That is an interesting statement for a second time, Fairy Gable. Rule number six...”
My reader-chair swirls around to face Ibbie.
She reads off the ceiling with a stern face. “You can produce a gem fairy wave which can transverse across a great distance as long as you do not run into a thunderstorm. Therefore, the gem wave is used for short-term traveling. We, normally, use a flying coach or a running unicorn or a winged horse for massive transportation to a far, far away distance. Rule number seven, you can cause damage, destruction, or death with a gem wave, if you are a careless fairy.”
I gasp in alarm.
Ibbie reaches back and slaps her aqua colored gem stone with her hand. Each wall, the ceiling and the floor turn back into white hue again. She spins around and removes her broach pin from the pocket slot on the forward solid plastic wall without smiling. “Time has ended. You are dismissed.”
Fairy Lore Class ends at 09:58 a.m.


09:59 a.m.
Common Hallway setting


The classroom door opens in silence,
Yachel and I stand upright from each reader-chair and leave the classroom, slowly moving down hallway.
I say with a worried brow. “That was an intense hot topic in Fairy Lore class, today.”
“What about the landscape destruction from the flood water every night regarding both crop food and livestock? Zann is right and I like to eat both dead plant food and dead animals,” Yachel nod with a worried brow.


10:02 a.m.
3rd period hour
Gem Classroom location


I stroll with Yachel through the dark tunnel that leads underneath the tall stack of sitting bleachers and enter an open theater, seeing a pile of toy for children.
On the opposite wall, a line of neatly separated pile of toys consists of single items: a doll, a train, a beach ball, and a tricycle.
I stop and scoot into the first row on the bleacher seats, bumping into the shoulder on Britton with a smile, since I can’t kiss his face until tonight.
Oviv stands in the middle of the room, in front of the bleachers, saying with a nod and a smile. “Good morning, fairies. You have become more intimate with your fairy talents, including your fairy speed. We practiced fairy speed yesterday. Each one of you did an excellent job. The fairy speed is usually used for short land distances. You cannot fly with fairy speed, without a pair of wings. However, if fairy does not possess a set of colorful, long flying wings. The fairy speed is so fast that it appears that you are invisible, but clearly not. But, it appears that way. The fairy speed is wonderful to have and use, but it has limited endurance. I have not clocked it, but a fairy can run a full fairy speed for about two hours continuously. If the fairy rests for one hour, then she can start running again. You can see the disadvantage of fairy speed from a traveling transport. You would not traverse too far, if you stopped and rested every two hours from your departure house or building. Therefore, a fairy uses a flying coach. Does any teen have a question on the fairy speed?
“Good. Fairy speed can be used anytime and anywhere, depending on the situation. It is not a destruction power or a harmful power, but only a matter of protection power. A long time ago, the fairy speed worked to her advantage, when being tracked by a single or multiple predators. I will repeat, a long time ago. You are slowly learning in Fairy Lore class that fairies have existed, since the beginning of time. We are a peaceful bunch of folks, living with a set of uncivilized heathens. You will learn more in your future fairy lore sessions.
“Now, back to the rock, your gem rock is becoming increasingly shiny bright while slowly turning into a polished gem stone. Today, you will make the rock work for you. The beauty of the pretty gem stone float, flows, and floods your fairy power within towards outward. Today, you will flow your fairy powers through your earth rock for a little fairy exercise. The earth rock is the tool for your fairy powers. Without the rock, you don’t work. You are not a witch or vampire or werewolf. You are a fairy…”
“Yay,” Apella claps with a smile.
Oviv grins, “Yay, too! The earth rock produces a single fairy wave which is associated with the color of the rock. A red rock is red. A blue rock is blue. A pale yellow rock shoots a color wave of pale yellow. The single fairy wave can be long or short, thick or thin, or flat or ripped, depending upon your talent skill. You are a novice. I expect your fairy wave skill to be non-perfect, today. Please stand and find a spot in front the bleacher seats.”
Each teen slowly stands upright from the seat and shuffles down into the open theater.
I stop and stand next to Britton with a grin and a giggle.
He had demonstrated his fairy skill last night with his dark blue fairy wave to Persia. It was straight, but not strong.
I had used my fairy wave which was not thick, but thin, climbing up from the ground floor onto the Watcher Station balcony floor.
So, I’m pretty good with my fairy wave, so far.
On the side of the room, Oviv stands and points to the opposite wall. “Today, it is another exercise with a set of lighter objects, simply because I do not want to be injured here. On the far wall, a toy is played by a child. You can see the toys, consisting of a doll, a ball, a tricycle. I would like for you to kneel down on the floor. You will position your rock at your kneecaps, allowing the fairy wave to skim or flow a few inches above the carpet toward one toy, hopefully in a straight line from point A, you towards point B, the toy. You can select any toy. I would suggest a lightweight toy like the doll or the beach ball as you get the feel for the wave and your skill. This is not a timed event. This is a learning environment.”
Gable sits down as the first teen in the line, frowning at the toy in his pile. “Does one get another chance of a second rock, if one grabs all the toys all at once, then scoots them below our two bent kneecaps?”
Kuelle sits between Gable and Apella and says with a nod and a smile. “Can I get a second rock, if I grab all the toys and be the first one to finish my task as the greatest and fastest fairy princess?”
Oviv nods. “This exercise is not timed. You are not competing against anyone, but your rock. This is a learning environment, Fairy Kuelle. However, both are excellent exercises for your fairy performance. And you may try to perform that feat, Fairy Gable. If you succeed, I will reward a second rock for the fairy with their exception single wave whip. I will park behind the bleacher stands while watching and assisting with my wordy advice, not my experienced fairy actions. You will find out that my words sound easy, but the task is not. Go!”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and slowly drop down, landing on my kneecaps on top of the dirty carpet. I pose my rock in front of my knees. I do not close my eyelashes, since I need to see each individual toy. I want a third color rock for my sleeping suite keeping out the set of nosy white colored spirits tonight.
I will start with the biggest object and rake in the other lighter objects next while completing my fairy test faster. I shoot out my magenta thin fairy wave to the stationary tricycle. My magenta wave connects and then echoes back through the wave like a ripple from the dense metal, actually stinging both of my hands with a throbbing pain. I exhale with a puff of pain and scan the line of other teens.
Some of the fairies shake a pair of hands in the air coming from their echo wake too. The other students wear a tough face and concentrate on each toy.
Britton corrals the tricycle with his dark blue fairy wave and expands his beam, herding in the other toys into the whip motion. The toys are not alive, running around, just sit in stationary form. His dark blue fairy wave surrounds the tricycle, the train, the arm of the dolly but not the ball, which has reacted to the live sizzling non-heated energy. The ball runs to the side out of his dark blue wave range.
The golden tinted fairy wave from Apella smashes into the doll. She whips her wave up and down with both of her hands as the doll rides the air for fun.
The lime green wave from Gable nicely hits the train and then curves around the tricycle also. He studies his wobbling fairy wave and tries to figure out how to wrap it around the other toys too.
The pale blue fairy wave from Yachel has hit the doll already. The doll sits down at her two kneecaps. She has smashed into the train as it slowly rides a pale blue wave back to her two kneecaps too.
I believe that Yachel’s method is the best. It is not a good idea to corral all the toys, since we are restricted with a low height of transport.
I drag the heavy tricycle slowly over my magenta fairy wave without rippling it. The tricycle lands down at my two kneecaps. I whip a shorten fairy wave to my side, landing the tricycle out of my range. I whip back to the wall a new wave, retrieving the doll, the train, and then the ball. The group lands at my kneecaps also. I smile with my task for the day.
Oviv says. “The majority of the fairies have finished the task. Once you have accumulated all the toys from the opposite wall, please replace each toy or all the toys back to the original side.”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance after finishing the first task, working to replace each toy back on the opposite wall with the other students.
Oviv says with a nod and a smile. “Good. In the center of the ceiling, there is a wheel barrow which is being held by my fairy magic. Please, bring it down onto the carpet and then place each toy inside, gently. Then, I would like for you to do the opposite movement and held it in the ceiling by your fairy magic. I do believe that you clearly understand the fairy wave exercise. After you have played with the wheel barrow and the toys, we will move outside with your wheel barrow and lift some soft flowers, hard rocks, and big boulders. So, please continue to impress me.”
Gem Class ends at 10:58 a.m.


11:11 a.m.
4th period hour
Teacup Class
Interior room location


After rushing up the staircase, changing into my pink dress and a pair of high heels, I race back down the stairs and into the hallway for my academic class, without talking with Yachel and the other fairies.
I stop and sit down inside my broken chair, making it into an upright position, after rubbing my fairy power and the gem rock over the shorten leg, as usual. The teacup occupies both my hands around the rough china, closing my eyelashes. I hear a tiny pop, smelling the nasty ash float up and enter my nostrils.
I blink open my eyelashes, seeing the mentor in his usual seat beside the small table with the burning coals of a tea kettle.
Faddy nods to Persia and then sips his tea in silence.
I look down at the cracked mud and measure an additional .02 inches of one/twelfth in a tiny inch within the shallow circle around the thin stick on the teaspoon. The teacup lip is three inches long or 144 pops. However, it has not doubled the width of the cracked mud from yesterday.
I simply have popped away another .02 ash of one/twelfth on an inch measurement. If I continue to pop only one/twelfths of an inch every afternoon from the silver stick, then I will be sitting in the broken chair for another 142 days or four months and eight days.
I turn and scan the table with a row of fairy girls.
Yachel sits and spies with a sour frown down at the mud. It has not cracked or broken either.
Zann stares down at her mud which hasn’t cracked either.
I grin and giggle about sitting here for another 142 days, which might not be so bad.


12:12 p.m.
2nd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime meal


“Sculpares gemimi,” I whisper and sit inside my ratty loveseat and chew the food. “I think me and the rock have a better connection or togetherness. I feel my fairy power flow faster from within towards outward. I believe that’s why I got the teacup to pop, today...”
“You have been shining that earth rock more than combing your messy hair, Persia.” Yachel chews the food and smiles with a full mouth of food particles.
I reach out and brush through my messy hair with a free hand and a grin. “And I got my fossilized mud to pop again. That’s the key to retrieving out the teaspoon. My shiny stone will get me outta my Teacup Class.”
Yachel gasps. “Naw.”
“Yes, Mentor Faddy said that the purpose of Teacup Class is retrieving the spoon out from the mud, without breaking the delicate teacup. I got it pop today. Tomorrow, I’ll get it pop more times. Then, hopefully, by the end of the month, I can retrieve the spoon out from the mud. Then, I get out of going into your Teacup Class,” laughing.
Yachel gasps in alarm and drops down her fork with her mouth, swiftly standing upright and holds her food tray. She spins around and moves ahead toward the closed door.
The door slides open in silence.
On the ratty loveseat, I wipe my mouth from the food particles with a grin, “Time from another enchantment charm.” Then I stand upright and lift up my dirty tray with dirty dishes, moving ahead toward the closed door.
I stand in the open archway and fire a tiny fairy wave, touching the food tray, gently lowering the tray down to the floor for a brownie pickup. I move ahead with a hum of joy.
The classroom door closes in silence.
Yachel and I slowly stroll down the crowded hallway toward the Enchantment Class.


01:06 p.m.
5th period hour
Enchantment Class


Yachel and I enter the room and stroll to our assigned high table, sitting down with a smile.
Yachel leans into Persia with a grin and a whisper. “If we’re required to grow a nasty toenail inside this eating plate, I’ll become a human.”
I grin and view Kaapo.
In front of the classroom, fairy mentor Kaapo stands in front of the wall of black colored words, saying with a smile and a nod. “You have a plate with a small sack which is folded into a tiny one-inch square. Please, swell the bag into full height. There will a wonderful surprise waiting for you. I’ll be grabbing a beverage. Good luck!” She moves ahead to the closed door.
The classroom door opens. 
Kaapo exits her classroom as usual
On the high table, Yachel touches the square with a puzzled brow. “Swell the bag,” she touches the bag. “What in the world is inside a tiny folded bag? It betta not be an army of ants either.” She looks down and swishes the reader-tray surface, activating the electronic page from the wall from words. “Swell is…”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance and stare down at my tiny bag with the new classroom assignment.
Yachel reads out loud, “Backboneno. Badgee. Ballo. What is another word for a bag?”
“Uh,” I say and view Britton. He and Hadwin are whispering into each other’s face over the one-inch square bag too.
Yachel says with a sour frown, reading the words out loud. “Look at the table of words, not him. This stumps the geniuses too. Apella and Gable don’t know what to do either. What is another word for a bag?”
I exhale with a puff of annoyance and return back to see the brown square. “Purse. Luggage. Suitcase. Pouch. Tote. Sack.”
Yachel fingers the table with the listing of words. “Sacko, yeah,” she reaches out and fist bumps with Persia with a smile. “Why do all the nouns end in a vowel?”
“You are the smart-o for that one, darling-ee. What’s the verb?”
“Looking! Swell is swelltis. Okay. The verb-noun combination is Swelltis sacko,” she rubs her hand on the rock and reaches down, touching the square bag. The square doesn’t rise. She frowns. “That’s the right verb-noun combo, Swelltis sacko.”
I grin. “It’s a really tiny sack. Maybe, each time you say it, the sack grows one-twelfth of an inch.”
Yachel frowns. “So, we’ll be here all day, depending on the height of the full sacko,” she touches the bag and the rock. “Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko.”
I view Britton. He whispers and fingers the bag with his buddy Hadwin. I return back with a sour frown to see the square bag, touching the bag and my rock, since I have to do my own exercise today. “Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko...”
I halt and stare at the bag with a giggle and a grin. “My sacko is defecto, tarto.” I turn and stare at each table and each fairy, who also repeats the same verb-noun combination, trying and touching to swell a bag.
“Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko,” Yachel frowns and views Persia. “Is this a trick or treat on me or you or us? I can’t figure it out.” Her sack swells swiftly from the plate up and in the air.
My sack also expands from a one-inch square into a perfect short square, growing both in width and height, expanding into a tall rectangle. The middle of the sack expands into a semi-circle. I grin. “It works perfectly.”
Apella screams out loud at her stool. “No!”
I swing around and narrow my eyelashes at Apella, seeing the spilled contents of white color from her busted sack. I return back and view my sack. It explodes into my face.
My forehead, nose, and lips are hit with a salty particle. Then, each salty particle drops and lands down on the floor. I narrow my eyelashes at each white particle, when more salty particles hit my cheekbones and my lips.
Yachel raises both arms into the air with a laugh. “Popcorn! We all have swollen a sack of cooking popcorn, successfully.”
I giggle and stared down at my broken sack which is filled with individually white fully cooked popcorn cornel, reaching out and grab, shoving each popcorn cornel into my lips. The sack continues to swell into a bigger oval tossing the popcorn into my face and over my hair roots.
I duck down from the next soft attack, giggling and scooping up popcorn to my lips and chewing. 
Some of the teens gather and then toss handfuls of popcorn at each other for fun.
Gable rubs his rock over his sack. The contents fly out from his bag in the air landing on top of different teens.
Molfalso gets hit with an assault of flying soft particles, turning with a sneer to see Gable, standing upright from his stool, advancing ahead with a nasty snort for some payback.
Britton swiftly stands upright from his stool and shoves the tall teen backward while shaking a skull at Molfalso.
I giggle and toss popcorn at Yachel and then eat some while laughing and having fun at the Academy while finding my purpose as a fairy.
Enchantment Class ends at 01:56 p.m.


01:58 p.m.
5th period hour
Flute Class
Warm temperatures with bright sunshine


I enter through the open archway, move ahead to the pile, and stops, grabbing a flute, spinning around. I dash out the room, down the hallway, and into the dead ground of dirt and grass.
On top of the dead grass, I flip the musical instrument into the air, activating my magenta wave, hitting the flute. My flute plays the smooth sweet musical notes for calling Komilly.
I rub the gem rock over my body and change from my tea length pink dress into a pair of soft jeans, a pink T-shirt, and my boots for my unicorn ride.
The unicorn flies without a pair of wings over the ground, gallops down the hilltop, and then stops in front of Persia, neighing with happiness, tossing her skull up and down.
I rub my gem rock over her back spine and produce a saddle and a pair of guiding reins, mounting her, turning with a sad pout to see my boyfriend Britton.
Britton stands alone again inside the dry short grass, blowing his flute for a third day.
I exhale with a puff of worry and jerk the pair of guiding the reins to the side, spinning around, kicking Komilly. We swiftly gallop towards the forestland with Yachel.
Each unicorn races down the flat dry sand for fun.
I stare at each dilapidated Watcher Station and then yank on the guiding neck reins. Komilly slows and then trots toward the closest Watcher Station. I say to Yachel. “Why are there so many Watcher Stations? I have counted one about every five hundred feet.” I look back over my collar bone and see a set of unicorn hoof prints from each beastie in the wet sandy ground of gold. “How far have we traveled from the Academy? How fast does a unicorn gallop? Why’s the soil sand here instead of grass?”
Yachel looks at the western plains flat landscape with golden sand, turning into a patch of dry tall weeds. “Let’s see if can answer your many inquires. Fairy War. Seventy-five miles. Fifty miles-per-hour and the fairy flood,” she laughs.
I halt Komilly on top of the wet ground and slide down from the saddle, moving ahead over the wet sand toward the erected Watcher Station. “The fairy flood comes every night, rolling salt water over the landscape.”
I stop and squat down into the sand outside the closest Watcher Station. “I do not understand. The outside wood on the Watcher Station is in very good condition.” I stand upright from the sand and move ahead into the entrance archway, missing a door.
Yachel sit on top of her beastie and raises an arm with a worried brow. “Don’t! Do not go inside, Persia! I don’t feel like a fairy princess rescue at the moment. The galloping and trotting exhausts both my lungs and my fanny with pain.”
I shake my curls and study the interior room inside the Watcher Station. “I’m not going inside a death trap. The inside ground level floor has been eaten away by the mold, mildew, and moisture from the salt water flooding.” I back step from the archway and squats down, touching the outer wood, feeling smooth and polished. “The outer wood planks are smooth like it has been sandpapered down by hand or something. I bet that it looked really beautiful, before the weather elements of the flood and the sun and the sand. I still don’t understand. Why hasn’t the outside wood rotten away long before the interior planks inside the wooden floor? That doesn’t make any sense to me.”
Yachel grins. “And the Academy Teacup Class doesn’t make any sense to me either. But I gotta go again, tomorrow morning. We need to get back to our school. We’ll be riding over an hour. It’ll take the same amount of time to return back into the classroom.”
I stand upright from the sand and slowly back step from the Watcher Station, studying the poles and the beams. “Okay,” I spin around and move ahead, mounting my unicorn, swinging Komilly around to face the Academy building. I kick her stomach and walk with Yachel, wearing a puzzled brow. “I don’t know much about the Fairy War. But, I remembered that Ibbie said that the fairies fought and won against the boggarts that were merely workers in the farm fields. Why were the Watcher Stations built way out here, if the boggarts lived inside the farm fields near the center of the countryside?”
She grins at the new landscape. “The watcher watches.”
I frown at the ugly landscape. “O! Each Watcher Station had been used during and after the Fairy War. My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers too. They never ever talk about their fairy performance as a watcher, which is their working job. I wonder if they would now, since I’m living as a teen fairy inside the floating Academy.”
“You should go and ask them tonight.”
I gasp. “I do not ask my parents for anything. They tell me what to do, to wear, to eat, to sleep, and to, too…”
“To, too,” she grins. “Is that a secret fairy language for number one, the pee or number two, to do, the dump? O! The too, two, toot?”
“I’m…”
“Race ya, Persia!” she kicks her unicorn and swiftly gallops ahead of her best friend, racing each other back towards the Academy building.
Flute Class ends at 04:48 p.m.


06:12 p.m.
Watcher Station location
Cool temperatures with clear sky of bright stars


Britton points up and shoots his dark blue fairy wave into the ceiling planks making the hole bigger. Each wooden shard flies up and out toward the night sky, without hitting his face. He leans over and kisses Persia on her cheekbone as a reward of doing his hard work. He pulls back and stares at his handy work with a smile.
I look up with a sour frown at the hole in the ceiling. “Britton, don’t annoy the rot. The entire rooftop might fall down on top of us, second, after we fall down from the rooftop, first, while swimming in the flood water.” I look down at the landscape with a puzzled brow. “Why’s the ground dry?”
He studies the ceiling hole. “The flooding starts later.”
“What time later?” I study the landscape without leaning over the weak and rotten wooden railing.
“Don’t know. The flooding starts about midnight or so, I was told.” Britton fires another fairy wave from his rock. The hole enlarges. He leans over and kisses her hair roots as Persia views the ground. He pulls back and looks up, examining the hole in the ceiling.
I say with a confused brow down to the ground. “The ocean and the moon control the high and low tides on Planet Earth on a regular timed basis. The moon is at full peak time, nicely shining through your rooftop hole. Why are you shooting the ceiling? Shouldn’t the high tide be here now underneath the building?”
He studies the new open dimensions on the hole as he creates a bigger hole for climbing up and then walking around the flat rooftop. “Don’t know.”
“I do know. My mom likes to study the stars and stuff. At high tide, the water smashes against the sand, but it’s very strange to me that the water comes all the way into the Academy grass. We’re about ten miles or so from the shoreline. My house is about the same distance from the shoreline also, but it doesn’t flood like this every single night at my home grounds. Anyways, if it’s a regular timed high tide, then it should be flooding right now here at the Academy.”
“Don’t know,” Britton fires another fairy wave into the ceiling, making a bigger hole, leaning over, and kisses her hair roots again. He pulls back and stares at the hole with puzzlement.
Yachel and Stad scoot around each pothole and the wall corner, hugging each other, seeing Persia and Britton and then stop. They stand beside Persia with a nod in silence.
Stad looks down with a puzzled brow at the scattered wooden chips from the broken ceiling planks. “What are you doing here, tart?”
Britton side steps from Persia and moves away from a newly formed messy ceiling hole, turning with a wink to see Stad, “Killing the dang spiders...”
I gasp in alarm and leap over the pothole, hugging Yachel with fear. “What?”
Britton moves ahead with a laugh and leaps over the exposed pothole, moving ahead towards Persia with a chuckle, and then stops. He extends both of his arms to her with a smile. “Gimme me a good night kiss, fairy princess!”
I frown with annoyance and then lean over, kissing his face.
4th day Fairy Academy


03:05 a.m.
2nd floor level
Private bedroom setting of Persia
Cool temperatures with moonlight and bright stars


“We do not like you,” the tenor voice shouts out coming from the forward wall.
I blink open my eyelashes and lift up, slapping both of my arms down onto the hard mattress, exhaling with frustration. I sit upright on my elbows inside my warm bed and stare at the male spirit.
The male spirit is a young adult and wears a long jacket and a pair of knee boots in translucent glowing white, floating against the dark wall. He floats side to side without advancing closer or harming the fairy.
I finger each wall with a sour frown. “I put a charm on each wall, young ghost, sir. Why are you bothering me, young ghost? Go and annoy somebody else for the next hundred years or more...”
He sneers. “You are one of them. This is the reason for my haunting of your person. I am Sailor John and you cannot harm me.”
I drop a tired face down into my hands and rub off each sleepy crumb from the two eye sockets. “Yeah, I understand from two early morning shows ago.” I reach over and grab, pitching my gem rock necklace at him.
The neckline hits his ghostly leg and then the solid wall. He screams out loud and swiftly flies backward and hits the wall, disappearing out of her bedroom.
I exhale with a puff of annoyance and lie down, resting on my neck and back spine on top of my lumpy head pillow, feeling the rough torn fabric against my neck and my back spine. “What to do? I know what to do now.” I grin with happiness and roll to my side, feeling the rough torn fabric on the naked arms.
I close my eyelashes for deep slumber.

08:58 a.m.
Banquet hall location
Thirteen-year-old female fairy table setting
Breakfast mealtime
Cool temperatures with partly sunny


I hold my sandals in the air and run on a pair of naked feet down the hallway, coming from my bedroom, slamming into my best friend.
Yachel moves ahead and strolls out of the banquet room through the open archway with a smile, catching Persia. “Another late night date with your other boyfriend, Britton is going to be jealous,” she twists Persia around and marches with her down the hallway again. “Fairy tale time is this way, princess.”
I yawn with an ugly mouth and dance side to side, dressing each naked foot with a sandal, straightening out my cape.
Yachel hands a piece of torn bread to Persia and then shoves the other half into her mouth, chewing with a laugh.
I accept and eat the bread, chewing with a frown.
Breakfast ends at 08:57 a.m.


09:03 a.m.
1st period hour
Fairy Lore Class


I stroll ahead and sit down inside the same reader-chair. I am blind to Yachel and the mentor with my closed eyelashes from the lack of my beauty sleep.
I yawn with an ugly mouth and then slap a hand over my parted lips, planting both my elbows on top of the reader-tray. I lean a face down into a pair of cupped hands, pretending to read about some ugly short monster that is glaring back at me from my reader-tray.
I close my eyelashes to the catnap. My reader-chair slowly swirls around continuously during my short nap to each vocal speaker as Ibbie and the teen fairy debate about more Fairy farting Lore within my subconscious.
In front of the classroom, Ibbie nods. “A brownie appears very short in size…”
“…like Gabbie,” Radford laughs out loud and points the reader-chair that holds Gable.
I continue to sleep and spin towards Radford.
Ibbie says. “A brownie...”
I continue to sleep and spin back to face Ibbie.
“…has no fingers or toes.” Ibbie nods. “They possess dark brown skin with a set of wide eye socket with no irises, pretty much a small round lump of walking ugly flesh…”
At 09:50 a.m., I snooze deeply and dream of Britton during my catnap, when my arm heats on top of my reader-tray. I lift my head and yawn, slapping a hand over the drooling spit, looking down to see the sentence on the tray.
Yachel fingernail-writes with a worried brow on top of the reader chair to Persia…Wake up! Time’s up here in class!

Inside my reader-chair, I yawn again and then smile down at my reader-tray, staring at the black colored sentence from Yachel.
In front of the classroom, Ibbie smiles at each fairy. “The time has ended. You are dismissed.”
Fairy Lore Class ends at 09:57 a.m.
At 09:58 a.m., Yachel and I move out the classroom and around each pothole, strolling to our next academic class.
Yachel reaches and touches Persia on the arm, saying with a worried brow. “Are you awake enough to whip your fairy wave around the room? Geez, darling! I don’t wanna get stung from your sting. Do you know what I mean?” She giggles.
I nod with a smile and reach up, stretching each one of limbs, yawning with a pair of open lips. “I’m back to my princess life now. My short beauty sleep trip was all worth it. What did I miss in Fairy Lore?”
“Another unbelievable fairy tale from Ibbie,” laughs Yachel.


10:05 a.m.
2nd period hour
Gem Class


I move ahead and collide with a giggle into the back spine on Britton as he strolls underneath the dark tunnel.
I dash ahead and move beside his body, strolling toward the row of bleachers.
Britton turns and smiles at Persia while leading them to the front row bleachers. He and I are not allowed to show our girlfriend and boyfriend physical affection, like a hug or a kiss inside any of the academic class sessions, but a close body contact collision is not seen or heard by a fairy mentor.
Oviv stands in the middle of the room, in front of the bleachers, saying with a nod and a smile to each teen. “Please, stand and take a seat, literally, on top of the dirty and holy carpet.”
I stand upright from the bleacher seat, shuffle behind Yachel, and then stop. I drop down and sit in a cross-legged stance on top of my cape tail over the nasty dirty ripped ugly carpet. There are six colors of paint cans in front of my two bent kneecaps.
Oviv stands on the sidelines as usual and smiles. “The purpose of Gem Class is working your fairy wave. You are slowly discovering that the wave can be straight, bent, and flexed into a thin or a thick format. You can manipulate the wave in different media using a tiny and small movement or a big and tall stroke,” she turns and view the opposite side wall. “Each student has one very tall canvas in front of your aisle for finger painting with no tongue spitting, Molfalso.”
“You are to paint a life-sized picture of anything or anyone or anywhere. This is an exercise of wave dexterity with a set of small objects. There are various paint brushes in the form of a tiny finger-sized or a medium goblet-sized or a tall tree limb-sized or a wide eating-plate sized or a thick mop-sized paint brush next to each new paint can that contains real color. Please, paint any object with desire or destruction. The purpose is controlling your fairy gem rock wave. This is not a timed event or awarded with a colored rock. Please, begin painting with your gem rock wave.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and stare at my blank canvas with my blank mind, painting a life-sized picture of anything, or anyone, or anywhere. I turn and scan the line of teen fairies.
Yachel hums and twirls her pale blue rock, nicely controlling the paint and the paint brush, zooming it across the dirty carpet with a series of dripping paint droplets. She slams the paint brush into the white canvas with a mop-sized brush in bright orange hue.
Britton twirls his dark blue rock side to side with a tiny sized paint brush of black hue.
Gable swirls his lime green rock up and down with the tall paint brush of green tint.
Apella spins her golden rock in a circle with the medium sized patient brush of gold color.
I scratch my forehead with hair sweat and return back, viewing my blank canvas with my blank mind.
At 10:45 a.m., “I do believe that every fairy has created a magnificent art piece. Let us view a fairy’s imagination today.” Oviv moves ahead, stops, and stands beside the first fairy, fingering the first canvas on the opposite side of the wall with a smile. “Excellent art work, Fairy Gable! I see clearly a young pretty girl with long black hair and...”
Molfalso shouts with a chuckle. “Persia!”
I gasp with shock and narrow my eyelashes at the outline on a tall girl without a piece of clothing. The outline shows her girly assets. I turn with a lady sneer and view the nose profile of Gable, hearing the soft chuckles from the other teens.
Oviv turns and glares with a snarl to each fairy. “It is a portrait of a young girl which has been painted by Fairy Gable. We will keep our inner thoughts inner, teen fairies.” She moves ahead to the second fairy and the second painted canvas, saying with a nod and a smile. “Excellent painting, Fairy Apella! I clearly recognize the Fairy Queen.”
Radford fingers the ugly hand painted canvas from Apella with a laugh. “Is that ugly piece of great artwork really a picture of the Fairy Queen? She looks like an old wrinkled water hag of grayish-blue with a set of shredded old clothes, compliments of a hunger bear cub,” he chuckles with the other teen fairies.
Oviv nods. “Our queen is very, very old. She does not spend gem stones on decorating her wardrobe like some of the other wealthier families in Fairyland,” she moves ahead and stands beside Yachel, looking with a smile to the third painted canvas. “An excellent orange unicorn! I like the colored touch of magenta on the curved horn, Yachel.”
Yachel giggles and give the thumbs up sign to Persia.
Oviv moves ahead to Persia and stares at the painting with a puzzled brow. “I recognize the green thick forest with a grove of tall shade trees, Fairy Person. What do the representations of the blue, pink, red, yellow and green faint lights glowing in the navy skyline?”
I turn and frown with puzzlement at Oviv in silence.
Yachel laughs and points to the drawing. “Persia has painted the colored rainbow of heavenly stars covering the starry sky every night, Mentor Oviv,” she turns and smiles at Persia.
I turn and frown with confusion at Yachel in silence also.
Oviv narrows her eyelashes at Persia’s painting. “That is a set of colored stars during the nighttime. Hmm! I must explore the evening time night sky more often.” She returns back and nods to Persia, scooting around the teen, moving ahead with a smile to the next fairy.
Yachel moves ahead and collides into Persia with a grin, leaning over with a whisper. “That was a good cover, huh? She didn’t catch the reference to your star gazing in the night skyline.”
I whisper back. “It’s not the stars…”
Yachel frowns. “I didn’t want her to catch the reference to our private star gazing, Persia.”
I gasp in alarm and then nod in silence.
Oviv stands beside Britton and points at the picture with a smile and a nod. “We have many talented artists among the Fifth Class. We should start an art colony. Fairy Britton has painted a tall and young girl without clothing also.”
“Persia!” Radford leans over and fist-bumps with Molfalso as they both chuckle out loud.
I spin around with a gasp and turn with a smile to see Britton. He turns and smiles to Persia in silence.
Oviv moves ahead with a smile to the next fairy and the next painted canvas, stopping and gasping in shock. “What…what is that ugly vile creature, Molfalso?”
He chuckles with a nod, “A fairy.”
Oviv turns with a sour frown to see his nose profile. “Fairies do not have a set of back rear wings, a set of long black colored teeth fangs, a pair of shaped clawed feet and hands, and a tail in dark wicked green color.”
Molfalso chuckles with a nod at his painting. “My fairy does.”
Gem Class finally ends at 10:56 a.m.
At 10:57 a.m., Yachel moves ahead and then bumps into the back spine on Persia, pulling up beside her friend, saying with a grin. “You’re a popular canvas...”
“Whatever!” I exhale with sour breath and annoyance. “I’m only interested in Britton’s painted canvas.” I rapidly stroll toward my Teacup Class, without Yachel.
She slowly strolls and laughs out loud.


11:02 a.m.
3rd period hour
Teacup Class


I enter the room, stop, and then slide down into my assigned dining room chair, quickly balancing the shorten leg with my gem rock wave. I gently touch my teacup and place the gem rock underneath the bottom, as usual.
My two palms curve each side on the smooth teacup, as usual.
I close my eyelashes with a whisper, as usual. “One second, two seconds, three seconds.”
Then, I barely hear a pop within my hearing range. My nose holes immediately smell the bitter plume of ash.
I open my eyelashes and stare at the fairy mentor with a slight grin.
Faddey sits in the chair and salutes with his cup of tea, smiling to Persia.
Then, I close the eyelashes, listening for more pops until the end of the class.
Teacup Class finally ends at 11:58 a.m.


12:55 p.m.
2nd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime meal


I stretch out on top of the ratty loveseat with a pair of naked feet over top of the low table. My skull rests against the rough fabric on the head rest with my eyelashes closed.
“Sculpares gemimi,” I whisper and slowly stroke the earth rock side to side and gently smooth each outer edge, since I do not need my eye vision, “Sculpares gemimi.”
I hold the fork of food beside my cheekbone and the cold beverage glass near the other cheekbone, feeding my face with a second set of invisible arms coming from my fairy magenta wave.
Yachel is eating inside her bedroom and works to sculpt down her earth rock into a polished gem stone also.
I burp out loud and then stand upright from the ratty cushion finishing my lunch.
I suck my fairy wave back into the gem rock with a soft slurp while hearing each dirty eating utensil drop down over the eating plate with a couple of soft ting sounds. 
 I rub my gem rock over my body and change into my semi-clean tea length dress and my high heels sandals in candy pink. I send my fairy wave down to the food tray, lift, and tote the object behind my fanny, moving ahead toward the closed door.
The closed door slides open in silence.
My fairy wave drops the food tray gently down to the floor for a brownie pickup.
The door closes shut in silence.
I spin around and move down the crowded hallway with my best friend Yachel and my other new set of fairy friends towards Enchantment Class.
01:09 p.m.
4th period hour
Enchantment Class


I sit with Yachel and stare at the item in front of my chest which has been given to me by the fairy mentor Kaapo.
Kaapo stands in the front solid white wall with black colored lecture words, saying with a nod and a smile to each teen. “Your new enchantment session, please, spin silk for me. I will return faithfully, as always. Enjoy your fairy task!” She moves ahead with a smile toward the archway.
The door opens. Kaapo leaves her classroom, as always. The door closes.
Inside the classroom, at the table, Yachel brushes a hand over the reader-table and flips through the pages with a sour frown. “Spin silk. Well, I can tell you this. The noun is silko or silkee.”
I study the perfect circle of silver which is hollow and is attached at the bottom to my mini-stand. Inside the circle, there is a strip of two inches of silk thread, hanging vertically from the top of the circle. I say with a confused brow. “What is this?”
“A thread of silk.”
“What do you do with a thread of silk?”
“Spin it into a picture or an image of something within the circle. I bet the silk turns into my face. Then I can give it to my mama as a gift,” she studies the listing of words. “Silkee, that’s the noun.”
I turn and scan the room. Each teen is quietly seeking the verb-noun combination or studying the thread. I glance with a grin at my fairy boyfriend.
Britton and Hadwin are bumping heads, seeking the enchantment spell too. He can’t assist Persia with her enchantment session today either.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and return back with a sour frown to see the circle. My enchantment sessions are increasingly becoming more complex and difficult, requiring study time to seek the academic solution.
Enchantment Class had been fun when Britton had surprised me, removing my warts, and growing the pot of flowers for me, the other days.
I grin down at the circle of silk. “So, if this is going to be a portrait of my face, then I can give to Britton as a gift too. He can sit my portrait on his nightstand like a true beau of yesteryears.”
Yachel grins down at the reader-table surface of words. “That, too! Okay. I found the verb, spintina. It sounds pretty,” she studies the circle and touches her rock and the top of the circle. “Spintina silkee. Spintina silkee. Sp…”
I slap her hand off the circle with a firm tone. “No! Don’t say it over and over again. That was the learned hard lesson from yesterday, when the entire room was almost filled with popcorn colonels up and over the cracked window glass. Then we had to clean up with our lousy fairy magic before the end of session. I smelled like popcorn breathe and unicorn hair until bath time.”
She nods. “Very good point, Miss Persia! I said it enough times already,” she watches her circle.
I whisper down to the object and reach out, touching my rock and the thread. “Spintina silkee.” The thread twirls around and around inside the circle.
Yachel grins. “The thread spins around and around so fast right before my real eyeballs that I think it’s showing off with its own fairy speed for us.”
I say with a confused brow to the spinning thread. “It is performing a type of fairy speed. Is silk alive?”
“Naw.”
I study the thread. “I think the thread is slamming into the sides of the circle like expanding up and down and sideways too.”
She nods. “Yeah, my face’s round. The circle’s round. We match!”
I grin. “The only dang thing in the entire building that matches something other than all the broken and mismatched furniture pieces and other furnishings…”
“Do you see that? The little tiny squares are forming an outline of the face. I think I see my cheekbones formation. I have high cheekbones.”
I frown at the object. “The squares are elongated short rectangles.”
“That’s the graphic presentation of our face. The ‘something of something’ forms the flat outline and fills in the blanks with something. I’m a fairy, not a trainer.”
“We’re filling in the blanks of something with something,” I turn with a frown and spy on my fairy boyfriend.
Britton watches his thread spins around too.
I return back and lean back into the hard stool, exhaling with a puff of frustration. “This is going to take the rest of the session. When do we work on our gem stone?”
Yachel leans into the circle. “The point, you’re supposed to work on the gem stone all day, night, weekends, potty breaks, bathing times…”
I giggle. “I do work on my gem stone during all those times. What do you do during that time?”
She grins. “Work on Stad!”
I giggle and stare down the circle and then gasp. “It stopped spinning. The image is nothing but a bunch of elongated blocks of boxes in pure white. Where is my face? I wanna give it to Britton, later.”
Yachel leans into the circle. “I bet we gotta touch the silk. How’s the dumb thread supposed to know what each of us looks like?” She points a finger in the center and view Persia. “Do you agree with me?”
I turn and scan each fairy. Each teen is looking around the room at each other or pointing a finger at the center of the spun thread. I swing back with a smile and a nod to Yachel, pointing a finger in the center of spun silk thing. “I agree. On the count of three…”
“There.” She presses her finger into the center, without punching a hole in the silk.
I press a finger into the center and turn to see Yachel. “You were supposed to wait on me at the count of the number three, like one, two, and three.”
Yachel leans down into the thread. “Something’s happening here!”
Apella screams out loud and jumps off her stool, fingering both hands at the spun circle of silk. “Its…its…”
“…spiders,” Yachel screams out loud and jumps off her stool, pointing at the circle. “The silk thread is a spider’s web. The web is shooting out spider babies too.”
I slide down from my stool and study my thread. The white thread is covered in black round objects. “Eggs. Where did the eggs come from?”
Yachel jabs a finger at the spider web. “The spider’s in the corner, watching her babies emerge from the sack.”
Some of the fairy females scream out loud on top of the floor and then spins around, racing toward the closed door.
The door opens.
The other fairy females burn their spider web with their colored fairy wave coming from their gem rock while laughing out loud. Of course, each teen male is both laughing and burning the spider web plus any vacant ones coming from the runaway scared fairy females.
The door closes.
Britton moves ahead and stands behind Persia, wrapping both of his arms around her waist. She back steps from the circle of spiders and leans into his chest from fear. He says with a chuckle and a smile to her eardrum. “I got you burning up for me, doll,” he blasts his dark blue fairy wave at the harmless spider and her hundreds of babies, burning it into a tiny fire. “Let’s go and get a beverage, before our Flute Class begins, honey!”
“Yeah!” I softly say and stare at the burning circle of dark blue flames. Britton and I spin around and slowly move ahead to the closed door.
The classroom door opens. The other teens vacant their spider web and exit the enchantment classroom too at 01:55 p.m. Then the classroom door closes.


02:11 p.m.
5th period hour
Flute Class


I stumble out into the dead grass as the tall weeds tickle my naked feet inside each open sandal. I stop and stand with Britton, reaching out, patting his arm with a smile.
Britton is frustrated and is not able to signal his personal unicorn with his lousy flute playing.
I turn and smiles at his nose profile. “I’ll play your flute.”
He shakes his cropped hair and holds the flute to his lips, staring at the top of the hillside. “Naw. Your unicorn will come instead. It’s not the flute, but the pitch of the song that makes the unicorn appear. I don’t really like beasties.” He elbows with a nod to Persia. “Go on! Call your unicorn and enjoy the time outside in the meadows,” he fakes a smile to her.
I lift my flute in the air with my magenta fairy wave.
The flute magically plays a smooth sweet song.
Then my unicorn appears instantly on top of the hill, slowly moving down and then halts in front of her riding mistress.
I reach out with a smile and stroke her soft green tinted hairy mane, rubbing my rock over her bony spine, protecting my bony spine.
A saddle and a set of guiding reins appear.
I rub my gem rock over my dress and change into a pair of faded and worn blue jeans, an orange T-shirt, and my pair of cowgirl boots. I climb over the saddle and turn with a smile to see Britton. “I’m going to explore the west side of the meadow. You come and find me like a hide and go seek game. Okay, doll!” I wink with a giggle to him.
Britton nods in silence, without a smile.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and feel really lousy that I can’t help him find his beastie. I turn and kick the stomach on Komilly, trotting through the grass toward Yachel and away from Britton.
Yachel and her unnamed unicorn stand, wait, and watch Persia while lounging near a grove of trees.
I gallop Komilly to Yachel and stop with a smile. “We go west, young fairy girl.”
She turns with a confused brow to see the western hills on the tiny island of Fairyland. “West, why, west?”
“We went east already. And I don’t wanna run into Molfalso or Apella.”
She grins. “Yeah. And Molfalso doesn’t wanna play in your playground either. Okay. We explore the west. You can lead into the unknown territory.”
I swing and kick Komilly toward the west, galloping into the bright sunlight.


02:28 p.m.
Gem Cave location
Western side in Fairyland


I pull up on the reins with a smile. Komilly slows from a trot into a walk toward the cave entrance, which is hidden by the same tan colored boulder.
Yachel slows her unnamed unicorn and scans the flat land and the familiar school building. “This is the location of G.E.M class. Since I gotta spell out loud all the similar sounding words for your eardrums, because you don’t do your future academic sessions. Why are we here near the gem cave? We shouldn’t be here. We might get into trouble here, Persia.”
I grin. “Naw! We’re Fifth Class. We can’t get into trouble. Only Mentor Ibbie gets into trouble for letting us accidentally get into trouble.” I pull up on the reins with a smile. “Whoa, girl!”
Komilly halts in place and drops down a skull eating the green grass.
I slide off Komilly with a smile. “Did you name your unicorn?”
“No.” Yachel halts her unicorn and slides off the beastie, pulling up beside Persia.
I move toward the cave with a smile. “Why not?”
She moves with Persia and turns to scan the new landscape for a mentor and other students. “Why are we here in front of the gem cave, Persia?”
“Doing some research...”
“What kind of research?”
I move toward the boulder which covers the gem cave, shaking my curls. “I don’t wanna keep getting strange spirits inside my bedroom like last night or the night before or the night before that. If I can acquire some more colored rocks, then the spirits will leave me be.”
She says with a nod and a smile. “The second rock worked.”
I stand in front of the cave, studying the big boulder. “Yeah, it worked, greatly. Only prob, I got four walls, two doors, and two windows...”
“Spirits don’t come through the windows. They live inside the dark corners of the building.”
“O good to learn. Since I’ve never seen a spirit in my lifetime again and hopefully not tonight either.” I hold my rock necklace in front of my chest and aim it at the big round-like boulder. “Do I need a verb-noun combo too?”
“Naw. Use your wave!” Yachel does not hold her rock necklace and looks back over her collar bone for a wandering student or a curious fairy mentor.
I release a thin wave of magenta. It hits the tall and wide boulder as my hands quiver with shock. “Dang! The echo’s terrible.”
“As you learn to widen and thicken the wave, the ricochet vibration won’t be so bad.”
“How do you know that?”
“I read like my academic sessions.”
“O good promise from me.” I release a second fairy wave at the tall rock boulder and mentally order: move. The tall rock boulder does not move.
She grins. “You’re too weak, Persia.”
“Do it with me then.”
She exhales with annoyance and lifts up, pointing her pale blue rock necklace at the big boulder too. “Look. I do this for our friendship and not to steal someone else’s colored rock for the future.”
“O bad thing from me,” I giggle.
The pale blue and magenta fairy waves clink and hit the boulder which does not move.
Yachel exhales. “It is too big and too heavy for us. Our rock waves are baby beams. If we had about the entire Fifth Class of twenty students plus my daddy and your daddy, then all the able-many-bodies could slide the boulder over to the side.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and drop my rock necklace down to my chest, saying with a sour frown. “I don’t wanna another visit, tonight. Lady Someone came in and went through the wall even with my brilliance enchantment charm that I waned to the peeling plaster.”
She shakes her curls with a laugh. “Enchantment charms didn’t work on fairies or spirits.”
“O good to remember,” I look down to the ground.
Yachel moves from Persia and looks down at the ground around the dry grass.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and view the skyline. “Okay. Can you help me workup a verb-noun charm on each wall, the ceiling, the doors?”
She giggles. “I’m working on it, now.” Yachel squats down and reaches down in the dirt, lifting up a tan earth rock near her smile. “This is your charm, an earth rock. The spirits of each earth creature is trapped here, so only an earthly material can repel its invisible ghostly-like body from floating through your walls. Here’s one. Let’s find some more earth rocks.”
“Do you have some earth rocks inside your room too?” I move ahead and look down, scanning the red colored dry dirt.
“Uh, huh,” Yachel slowly stands upright and moves ahead looking down to the dirt. “No more rocks or pebbles or fairy dust here,” she snaps her fingers and grins at Persia. “I know. We can sight for some big rocks inside the Watcher Station over there, using the spying glasses.”
I stop with confusion and park both hands on my hips, looking down to the dirt. “Where are the rocks here? All dirt has rocks. The rocks are the mamas and daddies to the dirt.”
Yachel spins around with a smile and shuffles back to her unicorn. “The nightly flooding moves the rocks. Over the years, the big rocks are broken apart and become small rocks, and then the flood water shuffles them back to the beach and makes sand grains.”
“O good to learn.” I look up and frown, narrowing my eyelashes at the Watcher Station which is located near the thick forest. “I see another Watcher Station. I didn’t know there were more. Why there is one all the way out here in Nowhere Land?”
“During the Fairy War, they were used,” she stops and climbs up and on her unicorn, holding the reins. “Get on, Komilly! It’s too far on foot. We ride to the station and climb up to find you some more earth rocks.” She whips the reins around to face the Watcher Station and as the unicorn spin around. Then she kicks her unicorn.
I dash ahead with a smile and climb up on Komilly, kicking her stomach muscles, galloping behind Yachel.


02:48 p.m.
Watcher Station location
Eastern side of Fairyland


Yachel and I stop and park each beastie away from the rotten wood on the tall Watcher Station. Each unicorn both drop a skull and a mouth, eating the tender grass blades.
I move over the dry grass and study the structure. “I don’t know, Yachel. The building is very old, pale white with lots of red colored rotten wood.”
She enters the open archway, without a door. “Come on! We practice with our wave, Persia.”
I stop and stand at the exterior pole with worry. “I don’t know, Yachel. I’m not great with my fairy wave. This structure is really rotten also,” I touch the wood plank as it crumbs in my hand with danger.
“This one is the closest and tallest of the Watcher Stations to the other mainland. It’ll be a fun adventure for the boring afternoon.” Yachel shouts out loud and moves ahead over the wet dirt inside the interior room in the station. “It’s a straight launch from the dirt and up to the balcony floor. There ain’t any wooden beams to smack a head either.”
I follow her inside the interior floor on the station. “I like beams, because I can avoid the smashing of my skull. It’s the smashing of my horizontal body from a stack of the falling beams that concern me, greatly.”
She fingers the high balcony with a smile. “We do a quick lift and then steal a pair of spy glasses. They see for thousands of miles, finding you some more earth rocks. Or do you wanna talk with Captain Rob, all night long?”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and view the high balcony of broken planks on the floor on an eighty feet tower. “The exposed hole in the balcony floor does seem to have a few planks.”
“Probably, not as rotten, as the base, since the flood waters destroy the wood...”
“...making a tall structure fall over on me...”
Yachel holds her rock at the balcony and shoots out a vertical pale blue beam that lands the edge of the balcony floor for climbing. She laughs. “I’m good. My beam has attached to the edge of the balcony,” she pulls on it with a free hand. “It’s strong and holding. This’ll be quick. We grab the spying glass...”
“Use the wave to get it from down there, Yachel. I’m nervous about zooming that high up into the heavens.”
“I don’t possess x-ray vision, darling. I’m clueless to the position of the spy glasses. Now, as I get older and wiser and better, I can whip my fairy wave into a fancy rope and tap around each wooden planks, finding it. But, I can’t do it right now. Shoot your beam onto the other edge. We’ll climb up, together, supporting each other, if one happens to mess a step.”
I exhale with worry and my sour breath, shooting out my fairy wave, hitting the inner edge on the high balcony floor. Yachel and I jump up from the dirt and climb up an individual fairy wave, facing each other’s back spine.
“Are you okay, Persia?” She says.
They climb half-way toward the top.
I grunt with sour breath and wet sweat on my hands and my forehead. “Yug!”
“Keep climbing! We’re almost there. I’ll swing up and inside first then pull your body inside on top of the floor.”
“Yug!” I grunt.
Yachel slaps a hand on the edge at the wooden plank and crawls over each solid and rotten wooden planks, twisting around, extending an arm to her friend. She helps Persia over the edge on top of the floor.
They roll to the side and then rest on top of the dry planks while giggling with our small victory.
I wobble side to side and then stand upright, scanning the wooden floor, tapping the wood with my boot toe. “These planks are stable, not rotten.”
Yachel slowly stands upright with a smile and survey the side wall, hunting for a wooden storage chest, moving ahead and then stops at the chest. She leans down and opens the lid with a smile, “Jackpot! I spy two pairs of spying glasses,” she reaches out and grabs the two objects, back stepping from the chest, spinning around to see Persia She crosses the planks and stops, handing one to Persia, swinging around to face the east. “Okay. You view the south. I got the east for any size of rock, not a boulder. I can’t lift a boulder with help.”
I accept the pair of spy glasses with a nod. “Okay.” I gingerly spin around and carefully move ahead, stops, standing at the southern spot, without a rotten plank, scanning the southern direction in Fairyland. “Wow! I see nothing...”
“I see the human world with stone steps and walking fields which are called roads for driving their square shaped coaches. The coaches are called cars...”
I remove my spy glasses and turn with confusion and view the pole without seeing Yachel. “How do you know all that stuff?”
“I read.”
I frown at the pole. “O good promise from me.”
“Look below the ground, not the southern horizon for rocks, Persia. Or we’ll be out here all night, missing our dates with our boys.”
“O bad thing for me,” I replace the spy glasses and find, fingering the objects. “I see the fairy mounds that are covered in fresh rose petals which is evidence of a recent fairy funeral. The rose petals celebrate their passing life from the dirt down into the dirt,” giggling.
Yachel giggles. “Do not eat around a mound. Or you will raise the fairy-ghost.”
I drop down the spy glasses and turn to see the pole that blocks her body. “Really?”
She wears the spy glasses and studies the horizon. “Really!”
I return back to the landscape and replace the spy glasses. “Okay. I’m viewing the southern landscape seeing the pretty blue sky, the pretty green ocean along the beach. Then, I zoom into the Academy grounds with a dry, ugly landscape. Ugh! Why does it flood here and not in the southwest corner of Fairyland? We live there, Yachel. We live near the ocean water too. Should not the flooding every night affect all four directional shorelines?”
Yachel doesn’t address my query.
I continue to scout the landscape. “Okay. I see the dry grass, the tall weeds...”
Yachel stands in place and points at the object. “I see Molfalso. He rides his unicorn in a really weird pattern.”
I drop down the spy glasses and spin around, slowly dashing around the pole and then stop. I lift the spy glasses and view Molfalso and his unicorn in the southeast with a smile.
She frowns and wears the spy glasses. “What is he doing? Is he chasing a rabbit or a spirit? I can’t see over the steep hillside. But he’s down in the valley. His reining is really odd, like he’s corralling something to capture for his suppertime eating.”
I giggle. “Are there bears here?”
Yachel giggles. “No. there is a not a single bear here on the grounds at the Academy. No. There is a clan of bears inside the forestland on the other side of the country,” she views Molfalso with the spy glasses. “Did he fall off his unicorn, during your race, hitting his head?”
I smile. “Naw.”
Molfalso has remembered our greeted promise. I had technically won the beastie race and had did hit the oak tree with my hand, not with my head, as the first rider there.
I see him jerk his unicorn to the left and to the right with suspicion. He has somehow penned a unicorn for my boyfriend Britton. Molfalso has located the unicorn with surprise as he continues to brag, the beastie man of Fairyland.
I exhale with a puff of relief.
Britton will be riding with me through the meadow grass tomorrow.
I remove the spy glasses and gently drop them down onto the floor while accomplishing my first feat and solving my second one, a good night’s sleep. I smile. “Okay. I’m finding lots of rocks closer to you in the southeastern...”
“No!” Yachel gasps in alarm and shakes her curls, holding the spy glasses, looking at the human world. She back steps from the wooden railing and spins around to face the large opening, accidentally losing her balance, falling forward off an eighty-foot watcher floor. “Ah!”
I drop an arm down to my gem stone rock, shooting out my fairy wave, catching a downward falling of Yachel, holding her in place for a few teenly seconds. “Launch your wave back up to me. I gotta ya suspended.”
Yachel reaches down and grabs her rock, shooting out a pale blue fairy wave, hitting the edge on the balcony again. She reaches out and grabs onto the magenta fairy wave with the other hand, slowly climbing downward and lands on top of the wet dirt while panting with coughs of fear.
I slide down in a crouches pose over my fairy wave in a controlled fall and hit the wet dirt, rolling over the wet dirt. I stand upright from the dirt and frown at Yachel. “What happened?”
She continues to pants in fear and holds both the fairy waves with each hand, shaking her curls, viewing her boots. “Took a wrong step! I…I sorry.”
I lean over and squash the two fairy waves together, hugging my ‘bestest’ friend, saying with a worried brow and a whisper. “You’re okay. I’m okay. We’re okay. We’ll stay away from the Watcher Stations now,” I pull back with a smile. “Okay!”
“Okay,” she looks up and whispers with worry.
Each one retracts the fairy wave back into the earth rock with a soft slurping sound.
I lean over and cuddle her into my chest, spinning us around with a smile, slowly moving ahead. “I found some good carrying rocks. Can you ride your unicorn?”
She nods in silence.
Yachel and I leave the ground level of the Watcher Station, moving to each unicorn and mount, slowly walking back to the Academy while picking up a set of earth rocks for Persia’s ghosts.
Flute Class ends at 04:57 p.m.



05:24 p.m.
2nd floor level
Bedroom setting of Persia
Suppertime meal


I have bathed and cleaned up from smelly sweat balls from my afternoon unicorn ride and rock hunt, reaching down, gathering all my rocks into my two arms. I wear a freshly laundered pair of faded, ripped blue jeans and my dirty cowgirl boots while waiting on Yachel.
I move ahead and stop, squatting down, resting one ugly lumpy tan rock every five feet around each wall in my room with a lady sneer. “This should keep the spirits out of my face for the rest of the academic sessions.”
The bedroom door opens.
Yachel enters the room with a smile.
I stand upright and swing around to see her with a grin, tossing both of my arms in the air with my victory. “Did I do it right?”
She winks with a smile. “I don’t know. I gotta quiz Britton for that specific answer, if you used your lips or your hands…”
“Naw, Yachel!” I shake the curls and point down at each rock on top of the floor in front of the four walls. “My cute rock decoration on the floor, is it like your bedroom floor too? Is this all the correct outlay, Yachel?”
Yachel turns and scans each rock against each wall. “Yeah, you did.” She looks up and smiles. “It’s time to go and see our two fairy fellows.” She spins around and moves ahead towards the closed door.
The door opens.
Yachel turns and moves ahead down the hallway as Persia chases after her with a giggle and a grin.
The bedroom door closes shut in silence.
At 05:27 p.m., Yachel stands in front of the closed hallway door.
The closet door opens with a loud squeak.
She enters first, stops, and stands in darkness.
I move inside, stop, and stand, seeing darkness, lifting up my rock necklace. I launch my magenta fairy wave as my wave smashes the edge on the balcony.
During each one of our night visitations, the floor of wooden planks has become weaker around the edge crumbing down into a pile of short red colored sawdust.
I can’t see her face but say out loud. “Launch your wave, Yachel! I suggest that you climb up using our pair of waves for safety and practice, this time.”
She launches her pale blue fairy wave at the edge balcony plank, creating a cloud of fire sparks and a puff of sawdust that floats in the air. The sawdust slowly drifts downward to the floor and over the tiara and hair roots on each teen. “Our two waves form two vertical lines side by side coming down from the balcony edge. Good idea! I’ll go first.” Yachel jumps up from the floor and slowly climbs onto the magenta and pale blue fairy waves, holding both waves in each hand while working her two legs and reaches the top next. She stands upright on top of the floor and then disappears from the balcony edge.
I reach out and grab onto both of the fairy waves, feeling the slight heat between my finger pads, slowly climbing upward while working my legs between the wobbling but secure fairy rays. I slap my hand on top of the wood surface too.


06:33 p.m.
Watcher Station location
Moon light with clouds of cool temperatures


Britton reaches down into the darkness and pull Persia up and into his chest with a chuckle, cuddling her face, pulling back with a smile.
I giggle. “Thanks.”
He smiles. “Thank you.”
I giggle. “Thank you.”
“Thank us.”
“Thank both of us,” Britton leans down and kisses her forehead, pulling back with a grin. “Come on. I got a surprise for ya.” He spins around and cuddles Persia, leading them around the pole to the west side on the Watcher Station.
I shake the curls with a worried brow. “I don’t wanna ride on your wave again.”
“This is much better than my wave.”
I view the dirt ground over the fifty-foot wooden railing with a worried brow. “What’s better than riding a wave?”
He chuckles, “Touching the stars.”
I grin. “That would triumph an air wave.”
They stop and stand at the broken wooden railing from last night.
I stare down at the dry ground and see with my fairy eyeballs the lines of wiggling night worms as food for each night animal.
He whispers, “Naw. Look up, not down, Persia.”
I look up and gasp at the ceiling. “There is a hole in the ceiling,” I view the floor. “There is a hole in the flooring. This is a holy place.” I look up and giggle to him.
“Naw.” he wraps both of his hands around her waist. “We’re going to crawl up into the hole in the ceiling.” He lifts her up to the opening. “Climb up and onto the rooftop level.”
I scream in fear. “Britton!”
“Do it! You’re freaking heavy, tart.”
“Britton!” My hands slam down on a wet wooden plank and as I use my fairy strength, lifting up in the air, sliding down my body on top of the wooden beans on the rooftop. 
He jumps up from the floor and catches the edge on the broken and exposed wooden planks, slowly lifting up in the air, falling on top of her back spine with a laugh.
I grunt and then giggle with the horizontal body slam from the heavy teen male.
He grunts out loud and leans down, sweet breathing into her cheekbone.
I whisper down into the wet wood, “Britton!” 
Then he swiftly stands upright and leans down, lifting Persia up in the air and holds her body like a baby with a laugh.


Rooftop setting
Bright stars with full moonlight beams


They wiggle and giggle together in place.
He lowers her boot toes down on top of the rooftop that comprises a set of evenly wooden planks.
I stare into his pair of dancing eyes with a grin.
He releases her body and reached down, grabbing her hand, spins around. They stroll ahead across the wooden rooftop.
I narrow my eyelashes and view waves of bright moon beams on each object near the rooftop edge. “Is that a long sofa?”
They move ahead toward a long sofa.
“Yup!” Britton says with a nod and a smile.
I ask with shock. “Why is there a long sitting sofa on top of the rooftop here at the Academy?”
They move closer to the sofa.
“Yup!” He says with a nod and a smile.
I ask with surprise. “How did a long sitting sofa get perched here on top of the rooftop here at the Academy?”
They stop and stand in front of the long brown colored ratty looking sofa through the moon beams.
“Me!” He slaps his chest and stares down at the sofa.
I stare with shock at the sofa. “How did you, all alone, tote a long sitting soft from somewhere, like your room, and then perch it here on top of the rooftop?”
He lifts up and folds one of his naked bicep into a set of naked flexing muscle, saying with a grin and a chuckle. “Me, strong!” He unfolds the arm and reaches out, shoving her down onto the long sofa.
They drop down and sit on top of the soft together with a laugh.
I reach down and touch the fabric feeling rough and worn fabric from years of teen encounters. “You toted a long sitting sofa by yourself up here and planted it on top of the roof. How?”
He touches his lips. “Me, not tattle!”
“You didn’t use your rock wave. You ain’t that strong, buddy.”
He folds one naked bicep into a naked flexing muscle with a grin. “Me, strong!”
“You didn’t get any help from your teen buddies, because they’ll be up here with us, too, touching the stars or their muscles,” I laugh.
He touches his temple with a smile, “Me, smart!”
I giggle, “Me, smarter! You’re a Fairy Collector. You got a set of adult Fairy Collector buddies to wave it up here with their fairy magic. Who do you know here at the Academy?”
He leans over and kisses her forehead, pulling back with a grin. “I know everyone.”
I frown. “Who is everyone?”
He leans over and kisses her nose bridge, pulling with a smile, grabbing her body into his chest. “I know everything.”
“What is everything?”
He leans over and kisses her lips, pulling back with a grin, sliding over to her on top of the sofa with a whisper. “I know you too.”
“Who is me?” I close my eyelashes and enjoy the next kiss.
5th day Fairy Academy


08:45 a.m.
Banquet Hall location
Breakfast mealtime


I run on my sandals and drag my cape over the floor, going through the archway, sliding down into an empty chair next to Yachel. I steal back my half-eaten bread and break off Yachel’s slobber from the hard crust. I chew with delight.
Yachel gasps. “I thought you...” She turns and stares at Apella, who yawns from the lack of sleep.
I smile. “You’re thinking correctly there, fairy.”
Zann chews. “Did you have another late dining date with Captain Robert, Apella?”
Apella yawns with an open mouth and slaps a hand over her part lips, rubbing one of her tired eyeballs. “I hate all of them including the old man, the young man, and the young girl. I got the girl, last night,” she yawns again.
Yachel reaches over and steals Apella’s bread, halving it, handing Persia the other part.
Apella yawns with an open mouth and covers a tired face with both her hands with a soft groan of exhaustion.
Yachel slowly stands upright from the chair and continues to chew on the stolen bread. “Well, it is time for another fairy tale. Tattling, again, to my fairy sisters, here, at our fairy table, that a spirit does not like a fairy.” She swings around and moves ahead with a laugh toward the open archway.
I stand, spin around with a smile and chase after Yachel, eating the stolen piece of bread.
They race down the hallway to the first class.
Breakfast ends at 8:56 a.m.

09:23 a.m.
1st period hour
Fairy Lore Class
I sit inside my reader chair and feel bored with each fairy fart facts as I am blinded to Yachel but dream of Britton, when my arm burns. I look down to see a new sentence on my reader-tray.
Yachel fingernail-writes with a smile on the reader tray to Persia…
Stad gave me a surprise, last night.


I grin and fingernail-write on top of my reader-tray back to Yachel…I got a surprise from Britton, too.


She fingernail-writes…Stad got me a sofa.


I grin and fingernail-write…I got a sofa from Britton, too.


She fingernail-writes…Stad is softer than the railing.


I grin and fingernail-write…Britton is much softer than the hard railing, too.


She fingernail-writes…. I believe that I saw falling stars, last night.


I grin and fingernail-write…. I did see the falling stars last night too!


She fingernail-writes… Bad fairy!!!


On the next to last row with the other males, Gable says with a confused brow to Ibbie. “Shouldn’t the Academy institute a few short verbal quizzes assuring all students understand Fairy Lore, before graduating?”
My reader-chair starts to swirl around and as my mental mind halts the spin motion. I face the front of the white wall and Mentor Ibbie.
On the last row with the rest of the males, Molfalso says with a chuckle and a nod to Ibbie. “I understand plenty.”
My reader-chair starts to spin around, when I halt it with my mental mind again.
Ibbie nods. “I would think that you would want to understand every single aspect of a fairy, Molfalso.”
On the last row with Molfalso, Hadwin grins to Ibbie. “Shouldn’t we discuss bad fairies, too?”
My reader-chair starts to twirl around to see Hadwin, when I halt it.
Ibbie grins. “Is there no such a thing as a bad fairy?”
“The tooth fairy robs the human child blind. They get over hundred gem stones for a piece of enamel here in Fairyland while leaving the kid a piece of green paper,” Walcott laughs out loud with a nod to Ibbie. “How do I trick or treat for that specific fairy job performance?”
My reader-chair starts to swirl around to see Walcott, when I halt it.
On the first row, Apella nods. “There is not any crime or one single criminal here inside our fair Fairyland.” She sits in the front of the class. When she talks out loud, her reader-chair swirls around to face the other teens in the classroom. She says with a nod and a smile to each teen. “Therefore, Fairyland does not have one or more bad fairies. I would think your logic, illogical, Fairy Prince Walcott.”
Ibbie grins. “This is our present Fairyland. What about our past in Fairyland?”
Each reader-chair turns and faces Ibbie.
Apella says with a nod and a smile. “Our past is filled with heroic fairies, saving our fair Fairyland and conquering our foes, the boggarts.”
I mentally think of Britton without words, when my chair swirls to see him. He winks at Persia.
In front of the classroom, Ibbie spins around and removes her fairy broach pin from the wall slot, wiping both of her hands over the white plastic which cleans the wall, the ceiling, and the floor, saying with a stern face. “Time has ended. You are dismissed.”
Fairy Lore Class ends at 9:56 a.m.


10:10 a.m.
2nd period hour
Gem Class


I pass the stand with rows of empty bleacher seats, follow the wiggling fingers on Oviv, and then stop. I sit down cross-legged on top of the dirty carpet again, without a set of objects around my body.
Oviv stands in the middle of the room with a smile and a nod to each teen fairy. “Good morning, fairies. I am so pleased to see here. You understand that the wave exercises are conducted inside the theater and you are patiently waiting for me. I really appreciate your attentiveness. There are no objects on the opposite wall, on the ceiling, or surrounding you. You are going to work with your wave and hug yourself.” She hears a chuckle and sees a grin on each teen.
Oviv nods. “Yes. Your wave is a living produce of you and the gem rock. Therefore, you must understand the texture, density, motion, and the sensation of the wave. I advise caution here. The wave is a living entity, in which, if it is used improperly, it will produce harm on you or me or your neighbor or your neighbor’s neighbor down the row. Thus, you will handle the wave with gently finger pads. You can hug the wave in any fashion around your body.
“Yes. My words sound so simple. I will be sitting on top of a stool in the wall corner far, far away from you. If you wave accidentally tries to hug me, then I will slap it back with my gem stone with a nasty warning. Let me move out of your wave range first,” she spins around and moves to the far wall corner, saying into her amber gem stone throat choker, without removing it from her neck.
My rock echoes the words from fairy mentor Oviv.
Oviv swings around and sits on top of the short stool, whispering into her amber colored gem stone. “Please stand. Please extend your arms outward. Please hold your rock and visually extend your specific arm span by quadruple your arm length. This is accomplished by rubbing your rock back and forth across your collar bone with one of your arms extended.”
I hold a left arm out as I am a righty with mighty strength on the right side of my body. I rub my rock back and forth over my collar bone feeling an invisible tug on both of my arms. An invisible force pushes me side to side. I giggle with delight.
Yachel is touching and shoving Persia with her invisible arm on the left.
Britton is touching and pushing Persia with his invisible arm on the right.
Apella shoves on Gable, who stands at the beginning of the row, getting and giving her arm more stretching room within the semi-straight fairy line.
Gable can’t control her wave force and shuffles sideways, hitting the far wall, wearing a sour frown of frustration.
The other teens laugh out loud with Gables’ misfortune and then violently shove each body with a set of their invisible arms coming from their individual earth rock, shuffling to the left and then to the right.
In the far wall corner, Oviv continues to sit and whispers into her gem stone. “Please, be nice to Master Gable. And, please, spread out between your real arms and your two invisible arms. The auditorium is large enough for forty fairies. The class is only twenty.”
Britton continues to move to the right from Persia as Yachel scoots away from the left of Persia.
I feel the cool breeze inside the room and stand away from my fairy friends.
Oviv watches each teen and whispers into her gem stone. “That line is much, much better. Now, you may begin to hug your fairy person with your fairy wave.”
Gable yells into his lime green gem rock, which echoes through each fairy earth rock also. “Can I breathe inside my wave, if I am surrounded by it color?”
Oviv whispers with a smirk into her amber gem stone. “Hmm. I believe you should have studied your reading materials on the wave, Fairy Gable. Please, begin.”
I gasp in alarm and turns to see Yachel. She turns and smiles to Persia. I take her visual cue as the answer of affirmative that I can breathe inside my fairy wave, if I am covered in my magenta color.
I exhale with a puff of worry and turn, looking down at the dirty carpet. Since I’m clueless how to hug my person. So, I cheat.
I turn and spy on my best friend.
Yachel sits cross-legged down on top of the carpet and closes her eyelashes, lifting her rock necklace with both her hands even with her nose. Her pale blue fairy wave drifts out from the rock into a straight line and hit the opposite wall. Her wave rebounds back into her chest. She spins the wave slowly around and around her sitting body inside a circle of pretty pale blue.
I lean over and cheat again, seeing Apella.
Apella sits on top of the carpet and holds her golden tinted rock above her silver tinted tiara. The golden tinted fairy wave hits the ceiling and then re-bounds back down over her sitting body as the fairy wave shapes into a golden colored triangle-like tent.
I turn and cheat again, studying Gable.
Gable has his lime green wave wrapped around both of his boot ankles only, spinning around on his skinny butthole, yelling out loud for some nice or evil fairy help.
I slap a hand over my giggles and turn to cheat again, studying Britton.
Britton sits on top of his kneecaps and holds his dark blue rock down close down to the carpet. The dark blue fairy wave slowly crawls over his kneecaps and then his boots first, like an insect, creeping up and over both of his legs, then both of his thighs, and then his fit waist. The wave completely conforms to his kneeling pose, making him appear all glossy and shiny in dark blue hue.
I return and look down at my pretty sculptured magenta rock but I cheat again, leaning forward and view Zann.
Zann holds her pink rock over her silver tiara and as her pink fairy wave starts to fragment and shatter down into a set of tiny pink colored rain drops. Each drop hits and spreads over her sitting body like a rain shower. She giggles with the cool sensation from the waves drops.
Now, I understand that the fairy wave can be manipulated into any size or length or shape. But, I cheat, again, leaning over to see Molfalso.
Molfalso tosses a thick blob of crimson color in the air as it falls back down somewhere on his body. He chuckles out loud and enjoys his new wave exercise. The crimson blob spreads and sticks over different spots, making parts of him look red in blood and blue in the sky on top of his baby blue cape and his pair of faded blue jeans.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and return back, looking down at my rock between my two hands inside a set of crossed-legs pose. Then, my fairy magenta wave attaches and crawls over each one of my fingers, then my two wrist bones, and then my two arms. I gasp with shock.
I lift up my arm and fling the rock away from my hand. But the rock is stick inside my palm.
I had been mentally thinking: hug my person. And then it happened.
The fairy wave really is a living entity within me. I study my magenta fairy wave and watch it slowly spreading from my two palms over my two arms, crawling up to my two collar bone.
I close my eyelashes and face the opposite wall, feeling the warmth from the wave movement as it covers me. And I feel protected too.
The wave tastes like a pinch salt with a touch of sulfur coming from the earth dirt. The fairy wave doesn’t sting or bit like the rock does, while I’m performing my sculpture design.
I hear silence and blink my eyelashes open. I’m engulfed in a pinkish-blue shiny magenta color. I see the opposite wall, the peeling ceiling, the dirty carpet, and Mentor Oviv through a magenta tint of color too. I do not hear a sound, not even laughter as I am bathed in both color and silence from the real fairy world.
So nice!
I see, touch, feel, taste, and hear the fairy wave motion inside my mind and outside my body in warmth, happiness, silence, and salt of magenta.
Gem Class finally ends at 10:58 a.m.


11:11 a.m.
3rd period hour
Teacup Class


I sit inside a balanced dining room chair, compliments of my fairy power, closing my eyelashes. My rock, my power, and I are all in total synch, feeling the upcoming explosion of ash.
A tiny pop sounds inside my eardrums. The bitter smell floats and mixes with the fresh air drifting inside my nostrils.
I open one eyelash and view Faddy.
He smiles with a nod of his teacup to Persia in silence.
I look down and view my teacup, seeing three-halves, of a half, of a half of one/twelfth down within the shallow deep pit forming a hollow circle around the curve of the teacup lip.
I’m slowly making some fairy progress.


12:49 p.m.
2nd floor level
Private bedroom setting of Persia
Lunchtime meal


“Sculpares gemimi,” I whisper and chew the food and smooth the rough side on the earth rock in a slow downward motion. The rock sits on top of each pad on each fingernail. I sweep each rough fragment from the rock in the air as each rock shaving drops down and then hovers above the floor out of my eyeball sight.
I lift another spoonful of food into my open mouth with an invisible hand coming from my fairy wave, chewing the food and smoothing the rock, “Sculpares gemimi.”
I’m alone.
Yachel is shaving her earth rock in teenly pain inside her private sleeping suite too, since there is a surprise rock inspection today in the Enchantment Class per loud mouth Gable.
I don’t understand.
Mentor Oviv should inspect each rock every day as she is in charge of the gem rock cave. She likes instructing how to manipulate the gem stone wave in every direction, including cuddling it around my shoulders, like a blanket in today’s class assignment.
I have debated that hot topic of Oviv and the rock inspection with Yachel, who is not interested and then Britton, is too busy with both his lips and my lips.
After four days of both my painful skin cuts and red blood splatters, my rock is smoothly flat on the top and the bottom. I find the zigzag shape are the hardest to sculpture, needing to turn and then twist your fingers and your hand in a series of ugly contorted motions with great pain plus cuts on the sides of my hands.
I exhale with a puff of pain and jerk my limb up in the air, shaking a numb and bloody hand near my tiara. I lift the last bite of food on the spoon with my invisible fairy hand. I drop my numb hand and then press the smooth side on the gem rock over my exposed pink cuts and dried red blood while healing my sculpting hand into pretty softness, again.
I slowly stand upright from the sofa and stroll ahead toward the closed door, rubbing the rock over my jeans, waltzing in the tea length formal gown and a pair of high heels pink sandals.
The bedroom door slides open in silence.
I turn to the side and move ahead down the hallway with my Fifth Class friends toward the enchantment classroom.
The bedroom door closes shut in silence.


01:06 p.m.
4th period hour
Enchantment Class

I sit and dangle my sandals off the stool edge, slapping the plastic hard leg for fun at the same table with Yachel.
The room is quiet.
Mentor Kaapo stands in front of the solid white plastic wall without a smile.
All the walls, the ceiling, and the floor are white hue, without black colored words.
She says with a stern face and a serious tone to each teen. “This is rock inspection day. Today is an important milestone. Use, abuse, and excuse the pun. This is your first completed week of the Fairy Academy. You understand the rules, the mentors, the sessions, the rock, and the purpose. Please, place your rock on top of the mini-pedestal which comes from the middle storage hole in front of your face for my rock inspection. You should have been working daily and nightly to sculpture your rock into some nonsensical geometric form which should kinda, sorta look like a polished diamond cut. I do not expect miracles or mumbles. Yes. The sculpture procedure hurts, causing both skin cuts and red blood. Yes. The rock is changing. Yes. The power is growing inside you. Now, I will be inspecting both your rock and your sculpturing hand one at a time. Why? I am here to offer advice, guidance, and support as your fairy mentor, not your fairy friend or your fairy parent. I will start on my far right with Miss Yachel.”
Kaapo moves ahead, stops, and stands at the table with Yachel and Persia, saying with a stern face and a serious tone, looking down at stand with a pale blue rock from Fairy Yachel. “I will not be touching either the rock or your hand. As a matter of fact, I cannot touch your rock. It is alive with your fairy coodies. The rock selected you. The rock obeys you.”
She lifts up and holds her amber gem stone bracelet near her mouth. Her amber wave emits, soars, and hits the pale blue rock, lifting it, rotating the rock around and around for her eyeball view. Kaapo frowns down at the rock. “Tsk! Tsk! The top is semi-bumpy, not smoothly flat. The bottom is lumpy, not smoothly flat…”
“Is smoothly flat, a proper verb?” Yachel turns and winks to Persia.
In my stool, I turn and gasp in shock at her non-fairy manners in front of the fairy mentor. 
Kaapo says with a stern face and a serious tone. “Both sides of the rough rock shape are monstrously and sharply pointed with crumbing rock dust which is hitting the table and the floor.”
“Is sharply pointed, a proper verb?” Yachel grins.
Kaapo says with a stern face and a serious tone. “Please, show me your sculptured hand, Miss Yachel.”
Yachel cuddles her hand with a sour and exhales with a puff of nervousness, lifting her palm to the fairy mentor.
Kaapo looks at the palm of Yachel with a worried brow. “Tsk. Tsk. Your inner skin is brutally razored with a set of tiny red cuts. I have completed my rock inspection with Miss Yachel. And Miss Yachel needs much, much more rock grooming.”
Gable chuckles at the shared student table behind Kaapo. “Is brutally razored a proper verb?”
She spins around with a stern face to see each fairy. “I will share a secret for sculpturing. Once the top or the bottom on the rough rock is smoothly flat, you can start to heal your throbbing palm from the nasty bloody wounds.”
Yachel cuddles and probes a bruised and cut hand with a worried brow.
Kaapo swing back around and stares down at the magenta earth rock from Persia on top of the mini-stand. Her amber wave flows out and touches the magenta rock, raising it in the air. She says with a smile and a nod to Persia. “La! La! Very nice indeed, Fairy Persia. The rock is smoothly flat on both ends making the shape appears somewhat closer in presentation to a beautiful diamond cut. Your sides are not sharply pointed but nicely curved. You are progressing very well with the edges. The sideways jagged edges of the rock take the most time, requiring the most of tender loving care for both the stone and your hand. You did a good job. Let me see your hand.”
Persia lifts her palm at the face of mentor.
Kaapo says with a smile and a nod to Persia. “La! La! You have figured out the properties of the smooth stone. Your hand is completely healed and free from any one single pink cut or red blood slice. Excellent work, Fairy Persia!”
She back steps from the table and spins around, advancing to the next student table with Molfalso and Hadwin, stopping beside Molfalso first. She stares down at the earth rock with a frown. “Let me see your rock, Master Molfalso!”
I lean over and grin in the cheekbone on Yachel. “La! La! That was fun.”
Yachel frowns down at her wounded hand. “Shut it, Fairy!”
Kaapo says with a stern face and a serious tone to Molfalso. “Let me see your hand now, Master Molfalso! Tsk! Tsk! Your crimson colored gem rock and your red bloody palm are both raw and rough in presentation and format. You need to avoid all of your late night activities, Master Molfalso.”
Molfalso stands upright in the stool and tosses both arms in the air laughing out loud. “I love my late night activities.”
On the shared table with Kuelle, Zann gasps in alarm and looks down to see the floor, turning red hue in her face. 
Kaapo back steps from Molfalso and frowns at his back spine, “Sit down, fairy!” She shuffles behind the teens and stands besides Radford with a huff of annoyance. “Please, show me your hand with your rock, Radford.”
Her amber wave emits out and lifts up the rock from Radford in the air. Radford lifts up his open palm into her eyeballs. She studies the rock and then the hand, saying with a stern face and a serious tone. “Ditto, Master Radford. Does everyone understand that word?” She hears a string of loud fairy laughter and then lowers back down the rock from Radford on top of the mini-table. 
She back steps from the table and spins around, moving to the next student table of Britton and Gable.
Kaapo stands and says with a smile and a nod to Britton. “Please lift your hand, Fairy Britton as I lift your rock in the air.”
Her amber wave releases and lifts his dark blue rock into her face.
She turns and views his hand with a smile. “La! La! You are another ditto, like Fairy Persia.”
Britton spins around in the stool and winks at Persia.
I catch the wink and smile back at Britton, bouncing inside my high stool with happiness for the both of us.
Enchantment Class ends at 01:55 p.m.



02:05 p.m.
5th period hour
Flute Class
Warm temperatures with partly cloudy of sunshine


I cover my ears from the awful off-key musical noise and advance through the open archway into my Flute Class. In each wall corner, a group of teens plays an individual musical instrument while a pile of flutes is stacked up to the ceiling remaining untouched.
Yachel leaves Persia, moves ahead with a wink to Stad, and stops, standing beside him, slapping his hand. She is not allowed to kiss his face, but leans a pair of lips pretty close to smell his mint breathe. “What are you doing in the wall corner, sugar?”
I slowly pull up beside Yachel and listen with a stern face.
Stad holds a trumpet and fingers the keys, saying with a smile and a nod to Yachel. “We formed a musical band composed of me, Molfalso, Walcott, Radford, and Zann. She plays the drums.”
Zann bangs a drum roll and then twirls one drum stick into the air, dropping it down onto the floor, leaning down. She grabs it and holds it near her smile.
The neat row of horizontal chairs is crooked, missing numerous chairs. Each teen is scattered around the room and keys a musical instrument, tapping a foot or fingering the music paper.
Mentor Sondson dangles his feet off the high platform and holds a flute, saying with a smile and nod. “Good afternoon, fairies. I have wonderful news. We are forming a musical group of musicians for a playing band. You are welcome to join and participate. Now, the not wonderful news here. If you have not signaled your unicorn, please depart from here and go outside into the grassy meadow with your flute. Once you find your unicorn, you can join the band practice, starting right now. Or you can ride around the meadows enjoying the warm day. It is your decision. I personally hope a lot of you are interested in joining my band. I am most pleased to share more of my musical knowledge.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and scan the music room for Britton. He stands with his buddies Hadwin and Eadric.
Some of the teens have certain clicks of friends.
Gable hangs with both Apella and Kuelle.
Stad sits with Molfalso and Zann. Zann only hangs with Molfalso while liking, smiling, and flirting with him before, during, and after each academic session.
Yachel and I prance around together between each class as a pair of ‘bestest’ friends and dearest neighbors.
Yachel rubs her rock and emit a tiny pale blue fairy wave and slams into the pile of flutes. The wave grabs a flute and floats back into her cupped hand. She rubs the rock over the silver metal and sanitizes it.
I say with a confused brow to the rear skull of Yachel. “Aren’t we going riding the unicorn, today?”
She continues to clean the instrument with a smile. “Naw, I wanna join the band.”
“Playing what type of musical instrument?”
“I play the flute since a little child and the piano too.”
I gasp in shock. “So, that’s how you knew the unicorn’s song.”
She shakes her curls and holds the clean, shiny the flute on the bottom lip, looking down at the sheet of musical notes to play with Stad and his new band. “Naw, I can read musical notes. The unicorn’s song is a secret shared sonnet only at the Academy.”
“But I don’t know how to play an instrument.”
“You can learn one with your fairy magic. I’d pick up the clarinet or the saxophone, since you got a set of crooked teeth. You need some crooked teeth to play the clarinet. We need another woodwind to offset all the brass octaves.”
I huff in alarm and reach up, gently touching my teeth. “What crooked teeth?”
She turns and shoves Persia back toward the wall of musical instruments. “Go and get an instrument, Persia! We join the band today. It’s fun and different. This is the first time the Academy has formed a musical band ever.”
I flow with the girly shove and exhale with a puff of frustration and then stop, scanning the music room. Small pods of excited students play and then squeaky a musical instrument.
Molfalso frowns at Persia. “I don’t want a sorry musician in my band. I’d suggest that your join Britton’s band. No one over there can play an instrument or signal a unicorn, but Britton,” laughing.
I turn and sneer at Molfalso. He fingers the trombone and grins to Persia in secret. I gasp at Molfalso and turn to see Britton.
Britton looks around the room and spots Persia, waving his flute in the air with a smile.
I nod to Britton and then return back, nodding to Molfalso, “The beastie man of Fairyland.”
He winks with a smile. “That’s me, fairy doll.”
I nod to Molfalso and then back step from the musicians with a smile, swinging around, dashing ahead to my fairy boyfriend.
Britton continues to stand and waves his flute, “I have great news. But, first, your need a flute, too.”
I grin. “I can play yours with my rock magic.”
O yeah!” He cuddles Persia and spins them around to face the doorway, slowly moving toward the open archway, leaving the flute class. “I got great news. I stayed out here all day during flute class, playing and playing those four notes over and over again. I stayed out here until suppertime meal too. Hadwin brought me some food. Then, Molfalso appears and rides over the steep hill almost at sunset with a shadow, stretching over the grass, and he rides his unicorn over to me. I couldn’t believe it. There was an absent rider, without a unicorn, following behind Molfalso, who was on top of his unicorn. I played my flute. The unicorn ran up and almost knocked me down…”
I slap a hand over my giggles and perform a few head nods in silence.
They move outside and stroll down each broken step as he kicks the set of loose pebbles from her girly sandals like a fairy guy.
I hold his arm with a smile and land down in the dry grass.
He says with glee. “I can’t ride the unicorn as it is too close toward dark, last night. Molfalso told me it was really dangerous as a novice fairy unicorn rider.”
I gasp. “Can you ride a unicorn?”
He frowns. “No. Can you ride one before today?”
I wink with a giggle. “I live in the countryside. I can ride lots of things.”
He stops with a sigh and stands on top of the dead grass in the valley. “Okay. Today is my day for me and mine. Then, we gallop all over the meadow fields,” he turns and stares at the grassy hilltop, lifting the flute to his lips, playing the musical four notes in a weird harmonious tone.
I cringe and then turn with a smile viewing the hilltop.
A large dark shadow appears first and then a tall red colored very large unicorn stomp up the hill and stops on top of the grass. It snorts out loud and paws the ground.
I gasp with concern and looks back over a collar bone with a sneer.
Molfalso is located inside the music room tooting that trumpet.
I return back and study the unicorn with a worried brow and a soft whisper. “The color of red means energy. Uh oh!”
The large unicorn scans the meadow field and then stares at fairy guy Britton.
I gasp in worry.
The unicorn leaps up from the grass and rears both front legs in the air first and then stomps down, killing the grasslets, swiftly galloping down the steep hill toward the two fairies, killing the pod of wildflowers also. 
I reach over and jerk the flute from his lips, rubbing my rock over the instrument. The flute plays my sweet harmony in my hand.
Then my unicorn Komilly swiftly appears looking small and little, loping down over the hillside to her mistress.
I fling a hand up and then toward the red male unicorn.
Komilly understands Persia and her silence hand signals. The unicorn gallops sideways and then rams her skull bone and shoulder into the side guts on the red male unicorn while slowing his swift advance down towards Persia and Britton
Both unicorns race down the hill toward the meadow. The male unicorn slows but does not stop advancing towards Britton.
Komilly rams him a second time at the neckline as the red unicorn gallops beside her and rams back while battering and bruising her body better.
The two fighting unicorns slam into each other and rapidly barrel down the hill towards Persia and Britton.
Down the dry valley, Britton does not understand the concept of two running and ramming beasties and continues to stand, waving a hand with a silly grin at his big red unicorn.
I gasp with worry at the vicious fight of flight of two large beasties, tossing the flute to the side, reaching out and grab Britton. I cuddle him into my chest and fling out my magenta wave to the side toward a tall shade tree. Britton and I magically lift up from the grass and then soar through the air, over the meadow field, and slam down on top of the lowest tree branch as both the fighting and snorting unicorns swiftly gallop and stomp down on the meadow grass in their exact spots.
On the low tree branch, Britton stands upright and cheers inside the arms on Persia, leaning over into the air, hanging over the dry grass. He frowns at the unicorn. “My red beastie looks kinda mean. Is that bad, Persia?”
“Yeah! But I’m going to fix it. Watch me!” I release Britton and scoot around him, sitting down, sliding my legs in the air and wiggle side to side on the tree limb.
The two unicorns skip to a halt and then spin around, stomping ahead over the pods of pretty wildflowers down inside the deep valley for more brutal skull fighting. They gallop back up the steep hill toward Persia and Britton.
Komilly rams her bone skull and glides the male unicorn underneath the shade tree.
I wait and hang down from the tree limb. When the unicorn beastie male runs underneath my boot soles, I fall down and land on top of its bony spine, leaning down, grabbing its mane, and hang on. “Ugh!” I reach and rub the earth rock over its bony spine. A soft saddle appears underneath my tender fanny.
I rub the rock over its sweaty neck. A set of steering reins appears inside its mouth and my hand.
I rub its soft forehead. A blindfold covers both of its eyeballs. 
Then the running unicorn skips to a halt. I scream in fear and fall forward over its mane and its skull hugging it body, without dropping down to the grass. The unicorn does not move but breathes in heavy snorts.
A beastie does not like to be blindfolded but only an experienced beastie rider knows that secret information like Persia.
I slide down from the saddle and stand on top of the grass, slowly moving ahead, stroking its hairy mane, its soft neck, and its sweaty forehead, saying with a sweet light voice. “Now, you be a good unicorn. Then, I will remove the cloth.”
The unicorn snorts out loud and paws the ground with one hoof.
I smile with a soft voice and stroke its forehead. “Now, you understand me. Be a good unicorn! You are the mammal. Britton is the master. Do you understand me, boy? You listen to Britton. Then, I’ll give you a snack of oats and honey.”
The male unicorn paws the ground without snorting for an affirmative answer.
I motion with a smile and a nod to Britton, stroking the soft hair. “He’s your unicorn. You’re the master of the mammal. Get on top of the back spine!”
Britton sits on top of the tree branch with a smile and then jumps down from the limb, squatting down on the ground, slowly standing upright with a smile. He moves ahead with a sour frown and view the saddle and a pair of riding reins. “A fairy does not ride his unicorn with a silly saddle and a set of training reins.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and stare at Britton. “Fine! Remove them! The items are not charmed. But, this is your very first time on a beastie. Believe me! You want the reins more than the saddle, until you and he are best friends.” I reach down and remove the cloth, staring at the eyeballs on the beastie in silence.
The red colored unicorn will not gallop away while wearing it.
Britton exhales with nervousness and climbs up, settling on top of the saddle. “Okay. This time with the…”
His unicorn swiftly gallops forward and snorts out loud, veering to the left, cutting back to the right side. However, Britton hangs onto the saddle horn for safety and rolls side to side on top of the saddle, galloping back down the valley.
I spin around with a laugh and wave both arms in the air, yelling through my rock to him. “Go to the left! Go the pond first!”
Komilly gallops ahead and then stops beside her mistress.
I turn and rub my rock over her back spine. A riding saddle appears. I climb over her back spine and wiggle down into the saddle, kicking her stomach.
Komilly and I swiftly gallop toward the pond water too.


02:32 p.m.
Meadow field and pond setting


The male unicorn slides to a stop and snorts out loud.
Britton tumbles forward from the saddle and over its skull, hanging off by the saddle horn, landing of his boot heels down on top of the dirt.
I slow my speed but do not stop Komilly near the ill-breed red colored male beastie. I pull back the reins and stop Komilly, sliding down onto the grass, staring at the unicorn. The red unicorn is happier, without a rider, prancing forward with its two ankles into the pond water, sucking down the fresh water.
Britton stands upright on the ground and scratches the bugs, the grass blades, and the tree leaves from his cape and his hair. His unicorn had enjoyed the low-level riding pathway underneath each low tree limb toward the pond water. He shakes his body and flings out more dirt with a sour frown, staring at the unicorn in the pond water. “I don’t think he likes me.”
I move ahead and stop, standing beside him, reaching out and grab his hand. I stare with a smile at the unicorn. “It takes time, Britton. Let’s go and explore one of the Watcher Stations over there for the afternoon while the two unicorns cool down in the pond water.”
He releases her hand and spins around with a gasp, staring at the structure. “Wow! This is a real Watcher Station.”
I spin around and turn to see his nose profile. “A real Watcher Station, what does that mean?”
He nods with a smile and moves ahead toward the tower. “They’re all over the perimeter here in Fairyland for watching.”
I move ahead and nod at the tower. “Watching for what?”
He smiles. “A watcher watches inside a watcher station. That’s my extensive knowledge of the fairy job description and fairy performance. I’m a Fairy Collector-to-be. My parents are real pair of Fairy Collectors. I know everything about the Fairy Collector duty, since I’ll be one too.”
“Okay. Let’s use our fairy speed to race to the real Watcher Station. I would guess the tower is over about two miles or less. It’s faster than walking.”
He reaches down and touches his dark blue earth rock on the neck clip, disappearing away from Persia and the pond.
I toss both arms into the air with a sour frown and yell out loud. “O no! Not fair!” I reach down and touch my earth rock performing my fairy speed too.


02:37 p.m.
Watcher Station location
Eastern side of Fairyland


I stop my fairy speed a few feet from the tower with a smile and stand beside Britton, slowly moving ahead toward entrance archway, fingering the missing door. “It’s kinda sorry looking and more dangerous walking around the balcony top. The planks are rotten and broken. Yachel and I explored one like this on the other side in the western meadow yesterday for some fun adventures.”
He looks back over his collar bone and frowns at the western horizon, returning back to the Watcher Station. “The gem cave lives there, not much else.”
I nod with a smile. “Know that. I tried to shove that big boulder away from the cavern mouth to steal some more colored gem rocks.”
He gasps. “Why would you steal the rocks that do not belong to you? That’s a forbidden rule from the Fairy Queen. Anyways, the gem cave has an enchantment charm. You cannot open it.”
“O! That explains my failure. I wanted some more gem rocks to retard the nosy spirits from entering my room, every morning.”
“Why would you do that? The spirits are a tradition here at Academy along with…”
“…the rotten wooden planks…” I laugh. “I mean the wood needs replacing. The walls need new paint. The furniture needs to be burned for a great big bonfire.”
He frowns. “The spirits are supposed to annoy us each morning, part of their fairy charm.”
“Is there an enchantment charm to stop them from charming me, each morning?”
“Naw, a fairy charm doesn’t work on spirits or fairies.”
I nod. “O good to learn.”
“It’s an honor to be haunted by the spirits…”
“But I…”
“The spirits are very selective, not every student gets to be haunted at two in the morning…”
“But I…”
“I’m lucky to be one such student at the Academy. They didn’t touch Molfalso.”
I grin. “No one touches big tall, meanie Molfalso, except a fully functional activated fairy wave.”
Britton and I advance inside the watcher station and stand on top of the ground level, looking up and view a big open hole in the middle of the balcony floor that shows the pale blue sky.
He exhales. “They’re taller than I imaged. That’s what about eighty feet or more.”
I nod, “Yip or more.”
He cuddles Persia into his chest and lift up his earth rock inside the neck clip chain over his skull. A dark blue fairy wave hits the wooden plank so hard that it breaks and the rips off a second plank too.
He swiftly scoots them to the side and out of the way of the falling planks.
I grin, “Have you been practicing your fairy wave, young sir?”
“Naw. I discovered the more your polish the stone into smoothness, the more your inner power flows from within towards outward, increasing the wave’s height, distance, depth and some on, and some on. Hang on! We’re going up.” He yanks on the fairy wave. The wave works like an elevator and slowly lifts them up and halts even with the balcony floor. Britton shoves her forward.
They step onto the wooden plank and then wobble side to side from the set of loose planks.
Britton sucks in and splits his fairy wave in half, shooting outward again, touching each side wall on the balcony, balancing their bodies upright.
I grin. “Good job, Britton.”
They hug each other. The inner floor level on the balcony is missing. An individual balcony pole stands and connects each wooden railing with twelve inches of foot space between the railing and the hole of emptiness.
“Thanks,” he scoots around Persia and then leaps from the floor, jumping over the hole, landing down before the wooden railing.
I leap up from the floor and fly over the hole, landing down in front of Britton, hugging the wooden railing and balance my body without falling off the Watcher Station balcony.
Britton scoots around Persia and hugs the wooden railing, slowly sidesteps, jumping over each hole on the floor, surveying the sky and the landscape. “There’s not much to see or do up here. There’re no windows from the wind or rain or sun either.”
I scoot sideways and follow behind him, hugging the railing, moving over each tiny hold. “Good thing, my feet are only ten inches or so.”
He looks down through the hole and sees the dry grass, slowly moving along the wooden railing. “My understanding, the ancient watchers of yesteryears, who occupied these beaten up stations, were paired up and lived here for hours, days, nights, weekends…”
“My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers. They come home every day in the evening. Thank goodness. Then, they take care of me,” I scoot sideways, hit the wooden chest with my foot, and then stop, leaning down, opening the lid with a smile. I yank out the object from the chest and lift the object near my smile. “Look at my surprise. They’re spy glasses.”
He turns and gasps at the object. “That’s a real life pair of spy glasses. Do they really work?”
I provide a second pair of spy glasses to him in silence.
He accepts the spy glasses and turns to face the southern horizon, lifting the spy glasses to his face, leaning over the wooden railing next to her. “Wow. I can miles and miles of grass and meadow above the tree tops. There’s the mill house.”
“What is a mill house?” I turn in his direction and lift the spy glasses to my eyeballs, panning side to side over the skyline and the landscape, looking for the structure.
“A mill house is the place each brownie works and lives. They burrow an underground mine through the dirt into the gem cave clearing out a new tunnel and find more colored rocks. I see the short, tall, and new red colored mounds that are covered in fresh and dead rose petals, which is evidence of a recent fairy funeral. The rose petals celebrate their passing life…”
“…from dirt to dirt.” I swing the glasses side to side and hunt for the item. “What mounds?”
He wears the spy glasses and scans the landscape. “Do not eat around the mounds. You’ll raise their fairy ghost. I see the Fairy Fort.”
“What fairy fart? I don’t see it.” I swing the spy glasses side to side and scan for the structure.
He wears the spy glasses. “The home of the Fairy Queen, she lives inside a fort with water hags, brownies, and…”
“…spirits…”
“…servants…”
“O.” I scan the landscape with the spy glasses. 
“Where do you live, Persia?”
I slowly turn with the spy glasses and point in the direction. “Southwestern mostly, I see my house.”
He turns in her direction and views a row of houses, dropping down the spy glasses, viewing her nose profile. “Your house is made of stone.”
I spy on my front porch with a smile. “No one is home. My parents are at work as a pair of Fairy watchers, watching someone or something or somewhere. Yup!”
He views the southwestern landscape with his spy glasses. “Why did you parents use stone on the outside of your home? What kind of smooth stone is that made of up?”
I slowly rotate the spy glasses around the southwestern to southern landscape. “Don’t know the stone type. Yachel’s daddy helped to build our house, before I was born. They’re our neighbors by luck.”
He views the southern to southeastern landscape. “O good. That explains why you know Yachel and her family.”
“Yeah, we’ve been neighbors, since my birth.”
He views the western landscape with the spy glasses. “Wow! The Academy needs some fresh paint and some new wood. The Fairy Trainers should chop down this entire forestland region for a new set of plank wood. The shade trees are so thickly dense that they’re growing into each other…”
I grin. “Thickly dense, is that a proper verb?”
He views the eastern landscape near the ocean. “The sky is a pretty bright blue. The ocean is a pretty sparkling green. What’s beyond the forest, the sky, and the ocean of Fairyland?”
I swing to the east and see his baby blue cape within my immediate vision, dropping down my spy glasses, staring at his tallness, before eyeballs. The broken planks are too short for standing side by side. “The human world…”
“Really!” He stares at the far distance objects. “The human world is in this direction.”
“Uh!” I narrow my eyelashes at the ocean waves from the height of an eighty feet watcher station level and scan the sky with a smile. “Yeah. We face the east. Yeah. We face the east. The human world is located on the eastern shores of the ocean.”
Yachel and I had viewed the eastern direction from the Academy’s Watcher Station with a pair of spying glasses on my first night of my fairy school.
“Really!” he continues to stare at far distance objects with the pair of spy glasses. “I was taught the human world lies on the western shores.”
I slide over in front of him and stand in his chest while getting a better view of each far distance object within the human world, wearing my pair of spy glasses with our cozy boyfriend-girlfriend moment.
He stares through the spy eyeglasses and stands above her tiara. “I see tons and tons of colored lights.”
I gasp in alarm and sidestep from his body. “No! It can’t…” I fall down through the hole in the rotten plank. “Ah!”
Britton drops down his pair of spy glasses and reached down, grabbing Persia by the arm, losing his balance. They drop down together and fall through the air toward the dirt. Britton taps his earth rock and zaps his dark blue fairy wave at the interior side wall inside the watcher station.
I release my pair of spy glasses that fall down to the dirt and reach up, hanging my arms around his neck.
They slowly swing side to side mid-air and hang down from his dark blue fairy wave.
He whispers. “The Watcher Stations are too old and too dangerous for an adventure.”
I whisper, “Yeah. Let’s go and ride the unicorns for a while.”
He slowly descends with Persia down to the dirt and lands on the wet dirt with a deep sigh without words.
I land on my foot and exhale with a puff of fear.
They slowly leave the Watcher Station in silence and mount the unicorn, walking back to the Academy.
Flute Class ends at 04:50 p.m.
142nd day Fairy Academy
Month of December


08:49 a.m.
Banquet room location
Breakfast mealtime
Cold temperatures with sunshine


I finish the last piece of warm bread with butter.
Yachel enters through the open archway with a smile and slides down into the assigned chair with a giggle and a grin. “Bread gone. Cape straightened. Sandals on both feet. Where is the real Persia, the sleepy eyed fairy princess?” She tears the bread and eats with an open mouth of bad fairy manners.
I wipe my chin with a patched and torn cloth napkin. “I’m ready to start and end another successful day of sessions,” I finish the repaired glass with sweet milk, burping out loud for fun.
Yachel looks down and chews, seeing her empty plate, “Another day of sessions…”
Zann enters through the open archway, stops and stands beside her chair, staring with a smile at the table of teen males. “Good morning, fairy girls! It is another glorious day of…” she only stares at Molfalso.
I look back over a collar bone at Molfalso. He scoots down into the chair and turns, waving with a smile at Zann.
Then, I see the back spine of Britton.
He enters the open archway and moves to his table of buddies, slapping each back spine with laugh, sitting. He reaches and steals the bread from Gable. Gable stands upright from the chair and waves both arms in the air.
Then, I roll my eyeballs and return back to see bread crumbs on my plate with fairy disappointment.
Yachel mouth spits out all the chewed food particles with laughter.
Breakfast ends at 08:58 a.m.

09:26 a.m.
1st period hour
Fairy Lore Class


In front of the classroom, Ibbie stands in front of the solid white colored wall with a set of black colored lecture words, reading from the side wall. “The first family of fairies started out living on the river bank and then the families moved into a cave. Then, the families moved and occupied all the tree branches, building primitive tree houses. Fairies love trees, particularly oak trees. We enjoy the musky smell of the bark…”
“Naw,” Gable frowns. “I don’t enjoy the musky smell of bark, since I am not a bird or a bear or a brownie…”
I have learned to hold my reader-chair in place, after the first tongue sound is uttered from the first pair of chapped teen lips, like the rest of my fairy peers. I face the front wall of black colored lecture words, ignoring the words, the debate, and my peers, but look down to see my reader-tray.
I grin and fingernail-write on top of my reader chair to Yachel…. This is day 142 here at the Academy.


Yachel fingernail-writes on top of her reader chair to Persia…How many more days until my summertime fun?


I grin and fingernail-write…This is an important day.


She fingernail-writes…No.


I grin and fingernail-write…Yes.


She fingernail-writes…The holiday is an important day, because we leave here for home to sleep in our bed and eat fresh and soft bread crust.


I grin and fingernail-write…This is my important day.


She fingernail-writes…Why is this your important day?


I grin and fingernail-write…I told you before.


She fingernail-writes…What did you tell me before?


I grin and fingernail-write…I will show you afterwards.


She fingernail-writes…What are you going to show me afterwards? What are you going to do, Persia?


Inside my reader-chair, I grin with amusement and wipe the reader-tray clean with both hands.
Fairy Lore class finally ends at 9:58 a.m.


10:09 a.m.
2nd period hour
Gem Class


I sit in the bleachers between Yachel and Britton. He touches the hand on Persia underneath her pink tinted fairy cape with a grin. I look down to see my boot toes, softly giggling with a grin.
Oviv stands in front of the bleachers, in the middle of the auditorium, as usual, saying with a smile and a nod, as usual. “You have been practicing your wave on an object or many objects, tossing them with your rock while flowing your fairy energy from within towards outward, doing a pretty good fairy job. You also have played with yourself. Yeah!” She laughs with the teens.
She exhales. “Today, you are going to use your wave and hug someone. The ‘someone’ can be another student or your unicorn or a winged horse, if one is flying by. Or you can choose another wildlife creature, scampering along the edge of the thick green forestland. I want ‘your someone’ to fight back against your fairy wave, thou. I am not picky, as long as, it is not an ancient tree, a lonely plant bush, or a pretty delicate flower…”
Gable stands upright from the first row bleacher seat with a smile and lifts both of his fists with a nod and a tongue of mouth spit at Ibbie.  “A fairy battle, yeah, yeah, yeah!”
The other teens scoot away from Gable with a sour frown, wiping off his tongue kiss on their naked arm and clothes.
Oviv shakes her curls. “Let us hope not today, Fairy Gable. My iron daggers are not sharpened,” chuckling.
Gable sits down with confusion. “What?”
Yachel leans over and smiles into the cheekbone on Persia. “The element of iron is poison and poisonous to a fairy here in Fairyland.”
I gasp in alarm and scan each wall for a nail or a bolt, turning with a confused brow to see her grin.
She whispers. “It’s a joke, Persia. Oviv made a sick joke, not a death threat…”
“What!” I gasp.
Yachel turns and smiles at Oviv in silence.
Oviv thumbs back over her collar bone at the open archway inside the auditorium. “We will take our daily exercise outdoors today. I do not want any more injuries to the falling plaster on the ceiling or the peels on the peeling painted walls. Please, stand and follow me in two perfect lines, before you select ‘your someone.’”
At 10:13 a.m. outside the setting of forest and grass, each teen exits the building.
I stroll behind Yachel and move with Britton through the auditorium floor, around each broken step, and land on top of the dead grass. I stop and stand between Britton and Yachel in the meadow field, facing a parallel line with the other fairies. The sunlight is bright and hot, reflecting off my pale face.
Britton leans over her tiara with a smile, “Me and you. You and me. We pair up.”
I nod with a smile in silence.
Oviv moves ahead and stands in the middle of the two rows of teens, looking back over her collar bone. “No. I don’t see any galloping unicorns.” She looks up to see the skyline, “Nope! I don’t see any winged horses flying by.” She turns and views each teen with a smile. “So, you will get to pair up with another fairy for this exercise, since ‘your someone’ has to fight back. Please pair up, now.”
Britton reaches and pulls Persia into his chest, sneering at the other male teens.
Stad dashes ahead to Yachel on the other side of the row, stops, and cuddles her into his chest while snarling at the other male teens.
Zann slides sideways to Molfalso. He leans over and whispers down into her cheekbone as she giggles. Molfalso leans over and jerks the cape of Walcott, whispering into the face.
Walcott nods with a smile and slides sideways, holding the arm on Zann. They stand together as a new paired couple.
Molfalso uses his fairy speed and swiftly runs ahead, slamming across the row into Gable. Gable flings backward from the sudden impact as Molfalso reaches out and grabs the arm on tiny Gable, pulling the petite fairy male closer to his sneer. “You and me, dance the fairy tango…”
Gable swallows with fear and wears a worried brow. “I…I wanna…”
Molfalso chuckles, “Good! I wanna do it too, toad stool” he shoves Gable backwards toward the forestland edge and stands in front of the petite fairy, leaning over with a growl. “Now, you stand on the opposite of our pretend invisible lines, forming a box around us, boy.
Gable exhales with worry. “Okay.”
Apella moseys up behind the back spine on tall Radford at the same time with a petite Kuelle. She turns and snarls at Kuelle, saying with a sour frown. “He is my wave partner…”
“Nope!” Kuelle touches her earth rock and quickly releases a short lilac colored wave into the chest on Apella, flinging the petite fairy girl backwards toward the school building wall. Kuelle laughs out loud. “He’s my wave partner…”
Jackzee touches her earth rock and sends out a short maroon colored wave into the back spine on Kuelle, flinging the teen fairy toward the school building wall with Apella too.
Jackzee is a petite girl with a head of short blonde hair, a pair of brown colored eyes, and a tone of dark tinted skin. She spins around and sneers into her rock which echoes to each pair of eardrums. “Radford is allowed to pick his own wave partner.” Radford slides sideways and cuddles his girl Jackzee with a smile and a nod. Radford and Jackzee both spin around and face Oviv with a grin.
Oviv frowns into her gem stone and tosses both arms in the air, dropping them down to her skirt. “Based on the equal girly, fairy fight and power, Kuelle and Apella get to pair up together as a couple, until one of them gets expelled from my classroom. And do not get hurt either, fairy princesses.” She views each teen. “Excellent! Everyone has a buddy now. ‘Your someone’ stands on the far opposite of your person such like the unique paired fairy couple of Molfalso and Gable. One of you will act as the lead in the first round of fairy waves. You will gently probe around the body of ‘your someone’ first. Your fairy wave, which is connected to you, needs to understand the sensitivity of ‘your someone,’ first. The second wave will be a gently nudge backwards, not harming ‘your someone.’ The third wave will be a touch of connection to ‘your someone’ and not slapping or smacking the body either. I will be standing on the side of the lines inside the itchy tall weeds, watching and monitoring everything. If you dare to attack ‘your someone,’ then I have the power to whip your fairy wave away from ‘your someone’ as I am the older, wiser, and more powerful fairy than you can ever be as a Fifth Class student.” she scoots backward, stops, and stands in the grass with a nod and a smirk. “Please, begin.”
Molfalso shoots out his crimson wave and forms an index finger, which is attached to a visual folded hand fist. The fairy wave finger soars and then stops above the hair roots on Gable while pointing down an index finger of blinking crimson lights at Gable. The other teens turn and laugh at the funny eye sight.
Gable continues to stand and stares at each fairy. One of the nicer teen points up at the blinking fairy symbol over the hair roots on Gable in silence. He looks up with a sour frown as each teen laughs again.
Molfalso chuckles out loud with a nod. “I finished probing ‘my someone,’ Mentor Oviv.” He twists his rock and re-shapes the index finger into a horizontal flattened fairy palm. “Now, it is time to touch my someone.” His fairy palm slowly drops down and falls on top of the hair roots on Gable.
Gable sees the palm and screams out loud, dropping down onto the dry grass, rolling into a ball.
The fairy palm re-shapes into a five-finger stand of bent joints, forming a see-through arch. The finger arch surrounds Gable and locks him from moving around like inside a cage without harm. Then, the bent thumb lifts up from the grass and quivers side to side, gently slapping the heel of Gable’s cowboy boot.
Gable screams out loud and slowly crawls over the ground inside the fairy finger arch from evil Molfalso, and then stops, folding down into another ball without harm but full of fear and fright.
The other teens sound with a series of loud hoots, finger points, and laughs at silly Gable.
Oviv grins and says into her gem stone. “Very good, Fairy Molfalso! He has both demonstrated a wave probe and a wave touch, without harming ‘his someone.’ Who is the next daring pair? Better yet, do your own wave thing for both fun amusement and learning adventure.”
At the end of the first line, Apella twirls her rock sideways and sneers at Kuelle on the opposite row that stands near the forestland, asking with a smile. “Does the best pair get a second colored rock, if we follow your directions, Mentor Oviv?”
Oviv smiles and says into her gem stone. “I am open to that suggestion. I do believe that Gable and Molfalso have performed more than my simple instruction in their shared pairing. I will award both a second rock to Gable and a third rock to Molfalso as I am very impressed. If another pair can perform an equal or better illustration of this exercise, then I will award accordingly. Please, continue to impress me and entertain your fellow fairies.”
Apella sneers and shoots out her golden fairy wave over the tiara on Kuelle. Kuelle gasps in fear and then drops down onto the grass with a growl.
Her fairy wave enters the forest without burning a tree or plant. Kuelle swiftly stands and fiddles with her earth rock while growling at her new fairy enemy Apella. The golden fairy wave from Apella curves back around with a swirl in the shape of tall tornado, aiming at the back spine on Kuelle.
Apella lifts up her hands and raises her fairy tornado, re-shaping her wave into a fairy baseball bat that glitters in gold hue in the blue sky.
Kuelle feels the heat coming behind her back spine and spins around with a scream. The golden baseball fairy bat rears and targets a distorted face and a pair of bugled eyeballs on Kuelle.
Kuelle gasps in alarm and drops down on the ground in fear. The bat slowly swings over the folded body on Kuelle and then halts in the air directly over Kuelle. Apella re-shapes the wave and forms a pointing finger, gently dropping the soft fingertip down and does not touch the back spine on Kuelle. The fingertip swiftly lifts up into the air and then sucks back into the golden rock. Apella dances side to side with glee and giggles.
On the side of the rows, Oviv turns and frowns at Apella, sneering into the gem stone, “A poor performance of fairy princess manners, Apella.”
Kuelle jumps up from the ground and stands in place, rubbing her gem stone rock, shooting out a lilac colored fairy wave that travels by the cheekbone on Apella, without a sting or a burn. Apella gasp in shock and touches her face in horror.
Her lilac wave swings around and rushes by the other cheekbone on Apella without a sting or a burn also. Apella feels the heated sizzle from the foreign wave, almost burning some of her hair strands.
The lilac wave flings around Kuelle and flies ahead towards the chest on Apella. Apella freezes and stands in fear, gasping at the approaching fairy lilac wave from Kuelle. Then lilac wave halts two inches from Apella and then gently taps on the pink bowtie that ties the cape on Apella.
Apella gasps in alarm and stumbles backward in shock, sitting down on the ground, sobbing with tears of fear.
Oviv frowns and shouts into her gem stone, pointing at Kuelle. “Another very poor performance of fairy princess manners, Kuelle. I am very relieved that neither fairy princess is harmed, since I would have been required to intersect and interact with your and ‘your someone.’ Both of you have finished your required wave exercise today. You are excused for the rest of the session. Please go and sit underneath the oak tree. I am still required to babysit a batch of newborns. Do not duplicate the fair performance of Apella or Kuelle for any reason. Please, continue.”
Apella and Kuelle shuffle ahead and stop, sitting down on the opposite side of the tall shade tall, wiping off the sweat and tears of hate, sneering ta each other.
On the last row, Radford rubs his gem stone with a smile and gently tosses his red fairy wave at Jackzee. The red wave forms a fairy hand of bent wiggling fingers. Each wiggling finger gently probes around her body from her hair roots down to her boot toes.
She giggles from the humor and the warmth sensation.
His red colored fairy wave re-shapes into a cupped hand. The fairy red hand stands behind the back spine and covers Jackzee like a blanket.
She giggles with embarrassment too.
Radford smiles at Oviv.
Each teen sounds with a series of loud cheers and claps for the young teen couple, but Apella and Kuelle, who continues to sneer at each other.
Oviv grins and say into her gem stone. “Another excellent illustration of a wave probe and a wave touch. Radford and Jackzee will each receive a colored rock for their excellent fairy wave show.”
Yachel whips out her pale blue wave from her rock as it forms into a fairy roping lasso. The lasso sails ahead and circles above the hair roots on Stad.
He looks up and frowns at glowing lasso. The lasso drops down over his body and hits the dry grass, without touching him. He chuckles with the other teens.
Yachel wraps her pale blue fairy wave around his chest and gently tightens it over his fluttering baby blue cape, laughing with a smile. She releases the lasso and as her fairy pale blue wave sucks back into her rock with a soft slurp.
Each teen sounds with a series of loud cheers and claps for the young teen couple, but Apella and Kuelle, who continues to sneer at each other.
Oviv continues to stand in place and grins, saying into her gem stone. “Another excellent demonstration of a wave probe and a wave touch. Stad and Yachel will receive each a colored rock, as well.”
Britton fires out his dark blue fairy wave at the face on Persia.
I gasp in alarm and back step from instinct and then halt, eye rolling with non-amusement.
His fairy dark blue wave slows and then stops, forming into a fairy index finger with a folded fist. Then, the index finger points up to the skyline.
I look up with a confused brow to see the sky, scanning the white clouds and flying birds for a fairy surprise of something with the rest of the teens.
Britton chuckles with the other fairies at Persia. Oviv grins at Britton.
I exhale with a puff of frustration and look back down with red tinted embarrassment, staring at the dark blue index finger. The fingertip drops down and swiftly soars into her belly, tickling Persia for fun. I dance with a giggle and grab at the fairy finger, missing the wave, folding down at my waistline from laughter.
Britton chuckles along with the other teens and Mentor Oviv.
I gasp between each laugh and rub my earth rock, shooting out my magenta fairy wave into his belly, tickling him also.
He wiggles and giggles, folding down at his fitted waist. He twists his dark blue fairy wave into a cupped hand and captures, latching it around her chest.
I duplicate his maneuver for my fun amusement and his annoyance.
He pulls his dark blue fairy wave towards him. Then I pull my magenta fairy wave back into my body.
Then he and Persia fight and struggle back and forth with their bodies encased in each other’s fairy wave, until they are in the middle of the space, touching a nose bridge.
I do not release my wave over his body.
He does not withdraw his wave from her body, saying with a smirk, “Even-steven!”
I smile, “Touché!” I release my wave from his chest.
Britton grabs her fairy wave and tosses it around their hair roots.
I allow him to re-shape both of the fairy waves.
The symbol forms a heart half in dark blue and half in magenta that floats above their bone skull, blinking with colored lights of love.
Each teen jumps up and down sounding with loud cheers and claps for Britton and Persia.
I lean into his chest with a smile, “Even-steven!”
He whispers into her ear, “Touché!”
Oviv stands on the side and claps with a smile, saying into her gem stone, “Very good, fairies! Now, that is a perfect illustration of a wave probe and a wave touch. Britton and Persia both receive a colored rock. I do believe now that everyone understands the rest of ‘your someone’ wave exercise. So, get to it.”
Gem Class ends at 10:55 a.m.


10:58 a.m.
3rd period hour
Teacup Class


I move ahead of Yachel, stop, and slide down into my assigned broken chair, rubbing my hand and my rock, steadying each chair leg even with the floor. Then I wrap both of my hands around the teacup and close my eyelashes.
My teacup contains a single tiny one twenty-fourth of an inch in fossilized mud that covers the bottom on the cup. The fossilized mud holds the rounded spoon as the tip sticks upright into the air.
I open my eyelashes and feel the rumble from the other shoe soles coming through the open archway.
The other teens nosily slide down into a broken chair.
I calm my jumbled nerve endings and fully concentrate on the single task. I close my eyelashes and exhale with puff of frustration, feeling my fairy power swell and surge into the poor defenseless mud. 
Then I hear a pop as the last of the puff explodes in the air. I sniff the bitter smoke of gray.
Mentor Faddey shifts his cup of tea down on top of the small table and slowly stands upright, clapping with a smile. The other teens open an eyelid and stare at Faddy.
Gable rocks the un-level chair back and forth with a grin. “Are we done for the day, sir?”
Faddy nods with a smile. “Fairy Persia has dissolved all of her fossilized mud into a last puff of air. Please, clap and congratulate her.”
Each teen stands from the chair and reaches over, violently slapping her back spine or gently touching her fairy cape or loudly clapping with a set of hands, stomping a pair of boot heels or cat calling with a set of nasty adjectives like Apella.
Faddy reaches out and raises the black teakettle from the fiery coals, motioning to Persia. “Come up here, young fairy. You are to celebrate with the first of many ceremonies here at the Academy.”
I stare with a confused brow at the tea kettle. “Do I get another teacup from the...”
“You drink with the one that you just cleansed from the mud. It’s only mud, which is one of earth’s natural mineral, like a cup of orange juice that comes from the orange that grows on the tree limb.” He sips the teacup and lowers it down, licking his lips. “It gives the tea a bit of kick.”
“Yuck-o,” Gable sits back down and frowns with disgust.
I hold a straight face and bite my lower lip, still sitting in the broken chair.
He motions again with a smile and a nod to Persia. “Come over here, young fairy. Let us share tea for the first time. I will be sharing tea with every fairy by the end of the academic year too.”
I exhale with a puff of worry and slowly stand upright from the chair, releasing my fairy chair. The chair wobbles side to side in leg pain.
I slowly shuffle down each back spine on every fairy girl on the long dining table and shuffle the dirty teacup behind my back spine, quickly rubbing my rock around the center and the edge. I sanitize the mud remnants with cleanliness for tongue consumption.
On the last row, Molfalso sits down and laughs out loud, staring at Faddy. “What are you going to do, Persia?”
“I’m going to drink some tea with mud particles, Fairy Prince Molfalso,” I fake a smile and move ahead, and then stop, sitting down in the opposite mismatched and unbalance dining room chair with Faddey. “Then, I’m done with your Teacup Class for the rest of Fifth Class through the summertime days when fairy school ends,” laughing.
Molfalso gasps in shock and looks down, staring at the fossilized mud inside his tea bowl.
Silence inside the room.
I reach out and extend a newly germ free teacup to him.
Faddey smiles and pours the black tea down into her cup.
I return back and blew down on the hot liquid inside my semi-clean teacup, slowly sipping a tiny slurp. I swallow the hot liquid and then swiftly stand upright from the unbalance chair, holding my teacup in the air, giggling with a grin from my fairy victory.
Each teen swiftly stands upright and sounds with a series of loud claps and cheers for a second time, except fairy Apella again.
156th day Fairy Academy
Month of January


12:37 p.m.
Fairy Library location
Cool temperatures with bright sunshine
Lunchtime meal


I am alone.
The walls, the floor, and the ceiling are filled with line of single black words that form rows of sentence on top of the white tinted reader-table.
I chew my food and study the reader-tray surface on the long reader-table inside the fairy library. “Magenta is not a color. Ugh! I know that. So, tell me! Why it is not a color, Sir Isaac Newton?”
I fingernail-write on top of the reader-tray to the fairy library…. Who is Sir Isaac Newton?

The white colored reader-tray writes back in black tinted words to Persia…. Sir Isaac Newton was birthed and died in the city of London, in the country of England, in the year 1727. He was a physicist and a mathematician.

On top of the reader-bench, I chew my food and read the reader-tray surface with a set of wrinkled eyebrows and whisper for my eardrums only. “Sir Isaac Newton lived in the city of London.” I look up to see the same words on the far wall too. “There isn’t a city of London here in Fairyland,” I gasp out loud and shoot out the chewed food particles over the tray. “Sir Isaac Newton is a human that lives in the human world. He comes from the human world.” I swallow the chewed food particles.
I look down and fingernail-write on the top of the reader-tray…What fairy discovered the color of magenta?

The reader-tray writes…No fairy found a color of magenta.

“Why not!” I yell out loud at the stupid reader-tray. A cupped hand slaps down over my collar bone. I gasp in alarm and mouth spit more chewed food across the air and the reader-tray.
“I’m not spirit, darling.” Yachel stands behind Persia and laughs out loud, lifting up her cupped hand, slapping her jeans. “I’m sorry. I scared you. What are you doing here inside the fairy library and all alone, without me? Actually, why are you hiding inside the library during lunchtime? I can’t come along with you anyways. I’m still polishing that dang rock for minutes and hours and days and nights and years and centuries to come between my bubble bath times, of course. And what have you been doing during my Teacup Class? You graduated about two weeks ago. No other fairy has emptied out their teacup mud either or drunk with Faddy.”
“Have you polished up that rock enough for Kaapo’s next rock inspection?”
She slides down on the reader-bench with a laugh and a smile. “The ‘bestest’ that I can doeth with an itty bitty lowly Fifth Class fairy girl skills or skulls or whatever.”
I exhale with a puff of frustration and look down at the line of words on the reader-tray. “I am here to prove or poof the color of magenta exists to please my parents. They still don’t believe that the magenta colored rock picked and then possessed me. And I have gathered over two more magenta rocks given to me by Kaapo and Oviv. What’s wrong with them, Yachel?”
She wipes off the food spit from the reader-tray, “Parents! Can’t understand or toss them out the door, they own the dang house,” laughing.
I slide my hand and the information about Sir Isaac Newton to the next reader-tray for further study later. “And I can prove my magenta gem stone works and exists. So, I am showing you my research project.”
She frowns. “Your research project comes from what session? Am I supposed to do that too? Wait! This is the Academy. We don’t have homework assignments like our little girl school…”
I push my hands forward from the table edge as my reader-chair reclines down toward the floor. I continue to sit and slowly lie down with the chair.
Yachel yells out loud and falls backward, reaching out, grabbing the edge on the table. “Hey! What’s happening to me? The long bench is possessed with a spirit.” The reader-bench slowly tilts backwards even with Persia, looking like a bed mattress. Yachel rests on top of the flat bench and turn to see each wall and the ceiling.
I wiggle side to side with a grin. “Naw! The reader-bench reclines down for each student to view the ceiling for studying a topic or researching a subject. Do you see my cute art work on the ceiling?”
I finger the ceiling on the right side. “This is my new landscape drawing of my home island, Fairyland. I used very basic geometric shapes for landmarks, since I can’t draw or paint or sing or tap dance. Fairyland is a diamond shape as the landscape is an island which is surrounded by shifting sands and ocean waters. The green color is the surrounding ocean waters. I’m been scouting around the perimeter of Fairyland during the hours of Teacup Class plus my lunchtime on top of Komilly.”
She stares at the ceiling and laughs out loud. “Yeah, it sounds very boring to Komilly also.”
“Yeah, I was bored for two hours, without attending a boring session or having some fun-time friends to hang around. So, I developed a new fairy mission. I’m determined to prove to my parents that the color of magenta is a color. I polished enough of the gem stone to use as a recording devise. So, I have been recording the landscape while using the pair of spy glasses to see all the different landmarks of Fairyland.”
She gasps in alarm. “No. Persia, have you been climbing up each dangerous Watcher Station without me and my fairy wave there to assist?”
“No.” I frown. “I found a pair of ancient spy glasses inside my closet when I had re-arranged my clothes in boredom, before taking on my new fairy mission. That gave me the idea of proving my rock exists. I have been riding on top of Komilly and park on top of every high hilltop. The spy glasses view miles and miles of landscape without me standing on top of the scary Watcher Station. I almost…”
“Good! You can fall off and die. We are not immortals like a witch or a vampire or a ghost or a werewolf.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” I frown. “Once I show my parents my homemade map with my gem stone, they’ve to believe that it is a color and a learning devise…”
She fingers the ceiling. “What’s on your map other than your unknown cute geometric figures? I like the heart, bestest.”
I smile and finger the ceiling. “Fairyland is a circle of land with curved edges that surround the golden sand and the green ocean. I live in the southwest. My house is a square. Your house is next to mine sorta by a few miles of fruit trees, food crops, and unicorn patties, but your house is a circle. The circle is a symbol friendship. As you go around to the south, I placed the heart shape on Britton’s house. He told me that he lived in the south…”
“Britton really likes you.”
“And I really like him too. As you go around to the south, there are more damaged Watcher Stations almost every fifty feet. I have not climbed every Watcher Station but I have scouted and viewed each one between the southwest corner toward the southern corner toward the southeast corner, since graduating from your Teacup class, mostly for exploration and fun and…”
“Yeah, that sounds boring plus dangerous for Komilly, also.”
“I know. Some of the Watcher Stations do not hold a balcony floor. As you continue to head east, I added a star for the Academy. Now, I got really confused. Britton told me that the Fairy Fart was located in the north. I found the fairy mounds and the fairy mills, the home of the brownies. I marked all those land sights with the capital letter M all over the map, just as a reference from getting lost. But, I can’t find the Fairy Fort anywhere even when I use the spy glasses. Do you know where the fart is located?”
“Fart, naw!”
I giggle, “Me, neither! So, I used my brain and accessed a real map of Fairyland.” I finger the ceiling on the left side. “Now, this is my art work with the real Fairyland details. The real, real map has too much stuff on it like lakes, rivers, trees, hills, houses, farms, unicorns, tunnels, and other junk that I couldn’t locate in a billion years,” I exhale.
“Anyways, my new fairy mission is to find the Fairy Fort now. In the map on the left side of the ceiling, I did the same cute geometric shapes. There is a square for the land and a curve of the ocean. My house is a square, and your house as a circle in the southwest. There is Britton’s house as a heart shape in the south. I even outlined each Watcher Station as the letter U on the square landscape. The Academy is a star shape in the east which is miles from the ocean. I showed all the fairy mounds and mills too. Now, the real, real map showed the Fairy Fort in the north, so I marked it with a shape of a diamond for royalty…”
“Cuteness!”
“But, I still can’t find the fort from the tallest hill on top of Komilly in the extreme northeastern view with the freaking pair of spy glasses.”
“The spy glasses are defeat-o. I bet. The Fairy Fart is huge, big, large, gigantic. No pair of fairy eyeballs can miss it, Persia.”
I gasp. “O! I didn’t think of that. I’ve been seeing, but not seeing it.”
“Right, fairy fart.” she giggles.
I finger the ceiling with a confused brow. “I found something else. The ocean water is green color on the real map, when I impose the real map over my art work. And the ocean water flows from the ocean onto the shoreline and then over the land at the Academy grounds and a little more northeast. I don’t understand why. We live on an island. The tides and moon control the ocean water waves. The water doesn’t flood over all the landscape in the regions of the southwest, south, southeast, and northwest, every night, like here at the Academy. I find that odd.”
She smiles. “I find you the odd one here, who is actually doing research around the weather patterns, the high tides, and the flooding. Who are you, Persia?”
I grin. “Bored out of my active mind, one. And, two, bothered by my parents not believing that I possess a colored rock of magenta.” I rub my earth rock and wipe the ceiling clean from my cute map with my hand.
The ceiling turns into white hue again.
I slowly sit upright and as the reader-bench slowly stand in an upright position also. I exhale with a puff of frustration and swish my hands over the hard surface.
The reader-table shows Sir Isaac Newton’s information.
I finger the table with a frown. “The only true reference that I have discovered about the color of magenta. It was discovered by a human in the human world. Why would a human discover the color of magenta?” I turn and frown at Yachel.
She fingers the sentence on the reader-tray with a smile. “It tells it right there, fairy. Sir Isaac Newton was not a good farmer and sent to London to become a preacher-man. Only a true farmer knows about rocks, caves, and dirt, such like, Sir Newton and me and Stad and…”
I gasp in shock and then swiftly stand upright with lady sneer, staring down at her tiara from her silly banter, “Now, it’s time for our rock inspection with fiery fairy mentor Kaapo.” I spin around and exit the fairy library with a sour frown.
Yachel exhales with frustration and slowly stands upright from the reader-bench, spinning around with a smile and exit the fairy library. She chases after her best friend. “Persia, I really like your humor, fiery, fairy. Did you just make that up? Or did you read it from Sir Isaac Newton? He’s a clever and witty human. Did you know that?”
Lunch time ends at 12:57 p.m.


01:31 p.m.
4th period hour
Enchantment Class


Each teen slowly enters the classroom with a worried face, except for a few happy fairies.
Kaapo does not waste time and starts her inspection at the first high table with Persia and Yachel,
Yachel sits in the stool and probes, cuddling her cut hand with a sad frown at the shared table with Persia inside enchantment class for the academic day.
Kaapo stands between Persia and Yachel with a smile and lift up the nicely polished magenta rock with her amber wave. “Very good, Fairy Persia!  You have almost sculptured all the numerous facets into a beautiful cascading of a smooth glittering stone along each side. When you have finished…”
On the last table near the side wall, Apella waves her golden rock in the air and sits with Gable at their shared table, yelling out loud with a smile and a nod. “I’m almost finished too. When do I order my golden shell for storing my gold rock? I wanna get a throat choker, showing off my pretty wrinkle free neckline…”
Zann laughs. “You’re only thirteen years ago, Apella. We don’t have wrinkles.”
Molfalso turns and winks at Apella. “But you’re pretty ugly for a teen, maybe you’ll grow into your ears, one day, or your big monster nose holes…”
“Thank you for your personal compliments, fairies.” Kaapo back steps from the table and moves backwards, halting in front of the solid wall, saying with a stern face to each teen. “This is the fifth month within the academic year. There are four more months left. Your purpose is to sculpture your rock into a gem stone. Some of the students take a very, very long time with their sculpturing process.” She frowns and views Yachel.
Yachel slaps a non-wounded hand into her chest for the nasty compliment from the fairy mentor.
Kaapo turns and stares with a stern face to each fairy. “Therefore, it was determined a very, very long time ago that your golden shell will be awarded in Fourth Class, which is next academic year.”
Each teen sounds with a series of boos and hisses.
Kaapo lifts up and shoots her amber wave from her bracelet, spreading it across the room between the ceiling and each tiara and every bone skull on every teen.
Each teen slides off the stool and ducks down for cover underneath the tall table without a boo or a hiss sound.
“Enough! This is a royal order, which is not a democracy rule, that has been set by the Fairy Queen. Next year, part of your purpose is being awarded your golden shell…”
Gable sits underneath the tall with a smile. “My gem stone is almost completed too. What am I supposed to do with a pretty gem stone other than wear it as a necklace around my neck, like a silly girl?”
“May I address that question to Gabbie, Mentor Kaapo?” Molfalso continues to sit on the floor and laughs with his buddies safely underneath the table.
Kaapo moves ahead, stops, and stands beside the new table with a stern face and a serious tone. “You will continue to practice your fairy wave and your fairy enchantment charms during the summertime days in preparation for your Fourth Class. Each year, the work is more difficult and more dangerous. I have lectured enough. This topic is closed. I would like to see your rock, Fairy Apella.”
Apella stands upright from the floor with a smile and sits down in her stool presenting her rock with a nod to Kaapo.
Enchantment Class ends at 01:57 p.m.


02:08 p.m.
5th period hour
Flute Class

Britton meets Persia outside the school building in the warm sunshine on a cool day of wintertime in Fairyland, holding the flute at his side. He reaches out and grabs her hand, walking into the middle of the dry dead grass.
Yachel has abandoned the unicorn riding over the meadow pasture for tooting her flute with Stad’s musical band, during Flute Class.
I move ahead and change my dress and my sandals into a pair of faded blue jeans, a yellow dirty T-shirt, and my boots, not feeling really mad at my best friend. Britton has replaced Yachel for my personal enjoyment during the afternoon and the evening too.
Britton and I take a turn and play the flute with the sweet song.
Each unicorn appears and gallops down to their respectful owner.
I produce a saddle and a set of riding reins on top of Komilly, climbing up, mounting on the back spine, kicking the fat stomach, following Britton and his unicorn through the dead meadow.
Komilly gallops to the Watcher Station on the southern tip on the island behind Britton.
Britton is so happy to find his own unicorn.
However, I sometimes have to intersect with the mean male unicorn beastie to behave, without tossing Britton in the air or down in the pond or into the pole at the Watcher Station while giggling with amusement.


02:22 p.m.
Watcher Station location
South side of Fairyland
Cool temperatures with partly clouds of sunshine


The red unicorn slides to a stop.
Britton tumbles forward through the hairy mane, over the bone skull on the beastie, and finally land down on top of the soft dirt. He slowly stands upright from the dirt with a grin. “He and I are getting to be best friends.”
“Shore!” I slow and then stop Komilly, staring with a stern face at the red beastie, sliding off my unicorn.
The big red colored unicorn runs ahead, stops, and splashes in the ocean water with Komilly.
I move ahead with Britton and cuddle his arm entering the interior floor in a new Watcher Station.
He stops and looks up, launching his dark blue fairy wave, surrounding both him and Persia. He slowly lifts them up from the wet sand and then gently lands their boot heels on top of the patched wooden floor inside the balcony.
Britton and I scoot ahead and avoid each pothole in the floor, finding a pair of spy glasses inside one the busted wooden chests.
I leap over each pothole, stand, and lean over the wooden railing, wearing the spy glasses. “Thanks for helping me with my mission, Britton!”
He stands behind her back spine and wraps both of his biceps around her tiny waist, whispering into her earlobe. “Shore thing.”
I scan the landscape and swish the spy glasses side to side. “I still can’t see the Fairy Fort…”
“You can’t miss it. It is covered with a set of tall vertical rows of ugly and sharp fairy thorn trees.”
“I see the mill houses. I’ve never seen a brownie…”
“Ugly things.”
“Yachel has farm brownies…”
“Ugly things too.”
I scan the landscape. “Where is the Fairy Fort? I can’t see it or the ugly fairy thorn trees.”
Britton slips the spy glasses from her hands.
I swing around and feel his heat on my body, giggling with a smile. “O! I guess we’ll look for the fort later.”
He smiles. “Much later, maybe, we will look for the fort after sunset,” he leans down and kisses her lips for a long time.
300th day Fairy Academy
Month of May
First day of school, wee tart


08:18 a.m.
Banquet Room location
Warm temperatures with sunshine
Breakfast mealtime


Each table wears a specific colored faded and patched tablecloth, holding a set of excited students, who are sick and tired of both the fairy sessions and the fairy wave practices. Each student chews on a piece of bread and a pat of butter with a glass of milk.
Daffodil stands upright on top of an elevated wooden platform with a nod and a smile behind a ceiling to floor hanging curtain. The thick curtain has a dull beige background made of thousands of dark and light squares of colors, like the curtain has been patched over and over again, after each usage.
The curtain hides the entire solid wall of wood.
She waves both her arms in the air for attention with a smile. “I am very happy to express that this is the last day of the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy. Do not applaud. Everyone has passed with a set of specific flying colors,” her bright yellow wave emits out from her palm and beams down onto the thirteen years old wooden table.
Each silver diamond on each headpiece from a female and a male swiftly morphs from the color of silver into a bright red, first, then both of two tablecloths turn to the color of red second.
I reach up and touch my tiara with a silly smile, feeling the slight warmth from the color changeover, giggling with a grin at Yachel.
Yachel touches and probes her heated tiara, warming her skull too.
Daffodil scoots her bright yellow fairy wave over to the fourteen-year-old set of table. Each tiara and every halo morphs form the color of red into the new hue of dull green along with the two tablecloths.
Daffodil sends her yellow tinted fairy wave toward a group of fifteen-year-old students as each tablecloth change from green hue into a rich black color.
Each sixteen-year-old teen stands upright from the black colored tablecloth as the tablecloth disappears leaving only the beaten up, naked wood surface. Each teen shuffles away from the naked table and lifts up their individual polished gem stone toward the ceiling planks, quickly igniting a tiny fairy wave in the air, without hitting the ceiling planks.
Each teen moves ahead, stops, and then stands, forming a straight line on top of the elevated platform, standing beside Daffodil with the shortest fairy going upward to the tallest fairy.
On the thirteen-year-old table, I stare with a puzzled brow at the line of fairies on top of the wooden stage. “Where is each one of the seventeen-year-old students like pretty ugly Lugina?” I laugh and then eat the bread.
“At work,” Yachel chews her bread with an open mouth.
I spread the butter over my bread. “Lugina is at work like my working parents. But this is the last academic session day of the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy as a lazy student.”
Yachel watches the fairies on top of the platform. “This is a graduation day for the student and a work day for the fairy, who work a new fairy job. Each student is required to leave the Academy, immediately, a.s.a.p., without the hard bread and the pat of warm butter,” laughing.
“Without a graduation ceremony or a good bye party or a hot lunch or a nice expensive gift or a wonderful something,” I frown. “That sucks.”
“That ducks.” Yachel ducks down on top of the table with a laugh and avoids a rose colored fairy wave coming from one of the standing sixteen-year-old fairies on top of the wooden stage.
Daffodil turns and frowns at the careless fairy, saying in fury, “Retrace your wave, right now.” Each fairy wave sucks back into a polished gem stone with a loud slurp and as the audience laughs out loud.
Daffodil scoots sideways and stands behind the first fairy, which is a female.
At the thirteen-year-old table, Yachel sits upright and grins at the line of fairies. “All right! Coast is clear! Now, watch Daffodilly do her thing to each fairy!”
I gasp in alarm and stare at the line of teens. “What thing? What is Mentor Daffodil going to do up there? Do I need to hide underneath the table like in Kaapo’s class, again?”
She laughs. “Naw! Nothing is going to happen to us. It is going to happen to them.”
On top of the stage, Daffodil lifts up and waves her palm gem stone over the black colored tiara on the first female. The sculptured and polished glittering gem stone inside the black choker on the female brightens into a solid wall of aqua. Then the aqua wall rises up toward the ceiling and then engulfs the female fairy in a circle of color.
You only see a circle of aqua, not the female.
The color touches the ceiling planks and drops a set of tiny plaster chips over some of teens. Each teen wipes the chips off their hair roots and their food plates with a sneer.
The wall of aqua hue slowly descends back down over the teen student. The circle drops completely down into the wooden stage platform and disappears, exploding a set of small splinters of rotten wood and red sawdust particles in the air.
Then, the female fairy re-appears and wears a new tiara, a new gown, a new cape, and a new pair of sandals in aqua color with an assortment of matching gem stones over the clothing.
On the thirteen-year-old red table with the new patched red colored tablecloth, I clap with the other teens and chuckle, leaning over and smile into the eardrum on Yachel. “Does that hurt or harm her?”
“Naw,” Yachel chews on her bread and stares at the line of fairies, without clapping.
“Can she see us?”
“Yeah.”
“Where did her tiara, her gown, her cape, her matching pair of aqua sandals come from? Is that her new fairy magic from here at school?”
Yachel wipes her dirty hands on the patched tablecloth with a giggle. “Naw! A fairy can’t produce squat. Daffodilly can’t change a babe’s diapers, without its mama. The girl’s gem stone has the fairy power that changes her tiara, since each gem stone comes from the same dirt wall inside the gem cave…”
“O!” I gasp in alarm. “Someone told me that. I don’t remember who told me that. Someone told me that each brownie tunnels in the dirt and reaches the gem…”
“Yeah, they do. And her fashion clothing closet brownie is standing behind that ugly patchwork piece of hanging curtain, holding her new tiara, her new gown, her new cape, and her new matching pair of sandals. The female fairy princes just zapped them onto her standing body, during the pretty light show. This is part of the magic show at the Prince and Princess Magic Academy,” laughing.
I continue to clap and cheer for the rest of the sixteen-year-old male and female fairies while hearing the whining from Yachel.
Daffodil scoots sideways with a smile and without an enchantment word, touching each tiara or every halo, creating a cylinder shape around each teen. The color is based on their gem stone hue. Each sixteen-year-old student has now advanced to the First Class which marks the end of the current academic fairy year.
Then, next year, each one will turn seventeen years old during the summertime days and go to work for the Fairy queen.
After the last teen morphs back into his personality color and his set of matching clothes, Daffodil quickly shoves him off the wooden platform, raising both of her arms, saying with a smile and a nod through her gem stone. “Have a good summertime, teen fairies. We will start the new academic year in the month of August. Now, your set of parents will be landing one at a time in front of the front porch. They will signal you by gem stone. Please, gather your gear and wait on the front porch. Good luck and good bye, ya’ll.”
I lean over and frown into the cheekbone on Yachel. “That’s it! No lunch. No cupcake. No hot chocolate. We are done and finished here at the Academy.”
She wipes the bread crumbs off her stained and tore pink colored fairy cape with a nod and a grin. “We are free to leave the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy and enjoy our limited summertime days and nights. I’ll see you on my home front porch or you home front porch later today. I’m going to say good bye to Stad,” Yachel slowly stands upright from the chair and spins around, dashing ahead to Stad. She smiles and hand waves.
At the thirteen-year-old male table, Britton spins around with a smile and moves ahead to Persia, who continues to sit at the thirteen-year-old fairy table. He stops and stands beside her nose profile, extending a hand.
I look up and grab his hand with a smile, standing upright.
He cuddles Persia and spins around, moving from the banquet room, strolling down an empty hallway in the opposite direction of the wandering teens.
I look back over my collar bone with a confused brow, “Where we are going, honey?”
He stares ahead with a chuckle, “A secret place.”
I return back and face an empty hallway, skipping over each dark and deep pothole on the floor.
At 09:09 a.m., Britton stops and stands in front of the closed closet door beside Persia which leads up to the Watcher Station.
I turn and look back at hallway, watching for a wandering fairy mentor. The other teens scurry around with suitcases and rush toward the front porch or back to their sleeping suite while ignoring the teen couple in front of the closed door.
The closet door opens.
I gasp with worry and continue to survey the busy hallway. “We shouldn’t take a chance launching up to the watcher station. My mama might see…”
He slides and then stands beside Persia inside the semi-darkness with a chuckle and a grin.
The door closes.
I gasp in alarm and spin around viewing the closed door with a confused brow. “Why? How does each and every freaking door know when to open and to close by itself like it’s haunted by a spirit or a ghost or a...”
He turns and scans the each and then the narrow staircase with a smile. “It’s fairy magic. The entire school is an enchanted place for its enchanted people like us, fairies.”
“O good to learn!” I spin around with a gasp and survey each wall.
Each wall slightly glows from the downward creepy rays from the bright sunlight on top of the balcony floor, making it dark and red on rotten wood, exhibiting each wiggling tan colored worms. I cringe in disgust at each ugly wall and gag with mouth spit.
He twirls around and stands in front of Persia, leaning down into her face with a smile, tilting her chin to his lips. He kisses her for a few second and then pulls back with a smile.
I grin. “O poo! I wish I could see you each and every summertime day.”
Britton grins. “You can come to the food market. Lots of the kids hang there during the late afternoon, after sleeping all morning. We can eat until we puke and go to the water pond and swim and then go to a tree limb and act like a pair of love birds,” chuckling.
I slap his chest with a smile. “I wish. My parents are a pair of Fairy Watchers, who watch me. However, they’re free of their job performance, during the summertime days. I don’t know why. I never really wondered until now. Anyways, we go horseback riding in the meadows, boat sailing in the ocean, and camping in the forest floor near my house. I guess we do the family vacation thing. I didn’t really think much about our family time togetherness, until now. I haven’t been thinking much about togetherness, until now.”
He frowns. “Why didn’t ya’ll come to market, too?”
“Yachel.”
“Yachel is involved in your family togetherness. Are you related by blood to her and her family?”
“No. Why do you ask?”
“You spent all your time with her, this year.”
“Naw! I started out spending my time with my friend Yachel. When my sessions became more intense, I started spending more time studying, instead of hanging with Yachel. When I met you on our first full moon, nine months ago, I wanted to spend more togetherness with you, instead of my sessions and Yachel,” smiling.
“You still talk with her…”
“Yeah, she’s my best friend. We’re like sisters as farm neighbors too.”
“You live on a farm also. I didn’t know that.”
“I…” gasp in shock. “Yeah, I live in the country with the fruit trees, the wildflower meadows, and green grazing pastures. My daddy has cows for both looking and eating. I like to eat them more than look at them.”
He frowns. “I did not know this.”
“You do now. I’ll try to come to the market during the summertime days. If I can persuade my parents as they are easily manipulated,” I wink with a giggle.
He frowns. “Why would you dare to manipulate your parents?”
I grin. “I mean I’ll try and manage them into thinking that they need to go to the market once, twice, or more, so I can see you.”
He exhales. “I hope you manage them well.”
“Me, too,” My gem stone tingles around my necklace. I reach down and caress it, feeling the warmth of the smooth stone. “Speaking of my poor management skills, my parents are calling me for home, now.”
He touches and pulls off his neck clip chain, looking down to see the dark blue blink. “I’m being buzzed too. This is our last togetherness, until we meet again.”
I nod with a smile.
He leans over and kisses her.
We part from each other’s lips and then swing around, exiting the closet room, slowly strolling down a crowded hallway hand-and-hand, traveling towards the front porch, where each family fairy coach with two parents wait, meet, and then greet their newly graduated Fifth Class teen from the Prince and Princess Fairy Academy.
 Until the summertime days and night end, Persia, Britton, Yachel, Stad, and the other thirteen-year-old fairy students will return back to the new school year in Fourth Class.






Continue the farting adventures of fairy Persia and her friends and foes in the second Fairy Tale book series, which is entitled Tail…















