The Monster Exorcist
By M.C.Queen
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 201４ M.C.Queen
http://www.mcqueenwrites.blogspot.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 
 
Chapter 1

“Michael Matsumoto!” Sang a young woman's beautiful voice. Her words bounced off the walls and echoed throughout our dark and silent home. Normally I'd be overjoyed to hear a pretty girl call my name, but the sound of her voice sent nothing but terror down my spine.
“It's her, she's coming,” whispered Akito. I expected my teacher to be freaking out in terror like me, but his black eyes were calm and his brow was narrowed in concentration.
“But Annie!” I hissed hysterically. “We have to help Annie!”
I couldn't forget the image of Annie lying face down unconscious on the floor. Her short black hair was messed up and bloody, and she looked like a broken doll beyond repair. The cute girl who helped me on several occasions could be moments away from death if someone didn't aid her soon. I jumped up and attempted to climb over the desk we were hiding behind in Akito's office, but Akito quickly grabbed my shirt and pulled me back. 
“Don't worry about her! There's nothing we can do now!” He hissed.
“What! You can't be serious!” Annie wasn't my only concern. It was also uncertain if my other friends were alright. I had lost track of them amongst the madness. 
“How can you say that?” I cried. “Aren't you supposed to protect them? Isn't that your job?!”
“It's not them she's after!”
My mouth clamped shut. He was right. It wasn't poor Annie she was targeting. She only had one target in mind, and that person was me. I gave up and went limp. He was right, it wasn't his fault, it was all mine.
The situation would have been more acceptable if I had done something to deserve this, like throwing rocks at baby animals, or being an asshole, but I haven’t done anything to incur her wrath. Everything had gone to hell just because my name was Michael Matsumoto.  
Akito was holding Nina back with his other hand, but she wasn't making any attempt to escape. Like me Nina was also another one of Akito's students who had been caught up in this madness and probably wasn't going to live to see tomorrow. Her long brown hair was stuck to her forehead with sweat. She wasn't shaking with fear, but she was abnormally silent and staring anxiously at the door like she had accepted what was to come. I couldn't understand how she could endure being so still. If I was her I would have been out the window by now. But maybe like me, she was also counting on Akito to protect her.
The monster stopped calling my name in her morbid game of hide and seek, and all was silent in Akito's Japanese style home. Suddenly I could hear groans of pain from somewhere outside the room. I prayed that they'd stay quiet, otherwise they'd be next on her dinner plate. 
I heard the floorboards creak and groan with every step the vile monster took as she crept closer and closer towards us. Akito obviously shared my anxiety, and I could see beads of sweat trickling down his forehead. We had taken refuge in his office, but I doubted the books and flimsy walls would provide much support if push came to shove.
 Did she know already? Had she heard us? Or maybe she was going to finally give up and return to whatever hell she came from. 
My thoughts screamed “Please don't stop here, whatever you do, please don't open this door!” 
Bang! Suddenly the paper screen door went flying across the room. It hit the desk and splintered into two. We all ducked down and covered our heads to protect ourselves from the debris, but something must have hit Nina because she let out a cry of pain. Nina realized her mistake instantaneously and her hands flung to her mouth, but it was already too late.
That was all it took. The monster knew we were here. Now we were definitely done for.
I peeked through a gap in Akito's hasty barricade of chairs and furniture and I found myself staring at her in horror, unable to move or look away.
In my mind, she was a possessed demon, but all that stood before me was an abnormally beautiful woman with long raven hair, dressed neatly in a red summer Kimono. She was smiling pleasantly which would have caught anyone unaware. I certainly was. She was completely unharmed except for her charred left sleeve which was almost blasted off by Isaac's lightning charm. You may be wondering why we were all so terrified and currently bleeding because of this pretty young woman, and the answer was incomprehensible but simple.
She was a fox monster.
“Found you!” She called.
I expected Akito to have a plan (he had to have a plan) but all I could hear was his sigh of defeat. “It looks like it's come to that,” he said.
What! It can't be? Don't tell me he's given in. I thought to myself. My teacher Akito had always gotten my hopes up and then quickly smashed them. Apparently now wasn't going to be any different. 
I tore my eyes away from my approaching death and back to Akito, who was now holding a knife in his right hand instead of Nina. I was uncertain if he procured it from his clothes or desk, but the details don't matter anymore.
I forced myself to feel hope. Maybe it was a magical weapon that was highly effective against fox monsters. “Hey, Akito,” I whispered hopefully. “What's up with the knife?” I was looking for words of reassurance but his face was stone cold. “Akito?” I asked again.
He grabbed me by the shoulder to stop me from fleeing and held the knife to my face.
“I'm so sorry Michael, but I don't think we have any other choice.”
“What? What are you talking about Akito?”
“I'm so sorry Michael,” he apologized.
“What, so this is it?” I said. My eyes flicked from the knife to his face which wasn't giving anything away. “Don't tell me that I'm going to die here?”
They say that your life flashes before your eyes once you know you're going to die. I could see it all before me in the reflection of Akito's blade. I was standing under the slide on my first day of elementary school, eating cake at my sister's wedding, outside praying that the monster wouldn't come tonight.
 I'm sorry. You don't know what I'm talking about do you? I've become so immersed in this world that I often forget that regular people don't know about the monsters lurking right under their noses.  Maybe it's best if I explain to you the events of that morning, or the previous month, or from my first day of high school? 
No, that still wouldn't be far enough. How about we go way back? Let's start from the beginning. Let's go back to the day when I learned about monsters and the fox monster for the first time.



Chapter 2

I was five years old sitting in my Grandfather's study watching as he dusted the shelves. I used to follow him like a shadow back then. Normally he'd try to keep me amused by pulling funny faces or putting a duster on his head and pretending to be a peacock, but that day was different. That day he was a man on a mission and there was nothing to laugh about.
"Do you remember what I told you about monsters Michael?" He asked.
Monsters? I thought to myself. I stared up at my grandfather who was patiently waiting for an answer. I tilted my head and racked my brain for an answer, but my mind came up blank.
"Monsters?" I questioned while wondering if he was referring to the monsters in my picture book.
He sighed and returned his attention to the bookshelf in front of him. Grandpa's study was amazing back then. It was full of numerous books and scriptures, some of them hundreds of years old. He scanned his fingers over the old volumes until he found what he was looking for. He pulled out a worn looking book and began to flip through the pages.
"Real monsters," he said. "Are animal spirits that inhabit this world. We talked about this the other day, does it ring any bells Michael?”
Animal spirits, animal spirits. It seemed vaguely familiar. Like one of the long speeches he would give me while my attention was elsewhere, like watching TV.
Grandpa sighed. "Monsters take the form of animals so they can blend in with the natural world."
"I remember now!" Actually, I didn't, but I wanted to look smart in front of Grandpa.
He continued to flip through the pages until he landed on what he was looking for, and held it up for me to see. It appeared to be a picture book, except someone forgot to color the pages. I stared at the image of a raccoon, or maybe it was a dog, I wasn't certain.
"There are many animals such as dogs, cats, rabbits, wolves, or snakes, which monsters use to disguise themselves. Pay attention to this raccoon Michael. This monster disguises itself as a harmless raccoon so that it can blend in unnoticed. But if an opportunity presents itself, this raccoon transforms into a monster and attacks or devours humans."
"Attacks humans?" My eyes scanned over the image of a giant raccoon assaulting an entire village. Miniature black and white people ran away in fear. "Wow, so this little raccoon, can turn into that giant monster?"
"Not just this sort of monster Michael, there are also monsters who can take the form of people."
He flipped to another page that illustrated a wolf turning into a man. It looked like a scene from a horror movie.
"Really?" I questioned.
I suddenly wondered if the strange old woman down the street was secretly a raccoon. She certainly smelled like some sort of animal.
"How can you tell?"
"Such monsters usually disguise themselves as beautiful young women so they can trick men and steal their hearts."
He turned the page to show me a naked woman. Her hand was halfway through a man's chest. I didn't appreciate her figure at the time, but looking back on it now she was pretty hot, except for the bushy tail sticking out from her behind.
He tapped his finger on her picture. "And this is the fox, the most feared of them all. If you run into her, your chances of survival are slim."
"Wow."
I stared at the picture intensely, and swore to myself that I would avoid all naked women from now on. I was grateful that Grandpa had decided to tell me about monsters. I never realized the world was such a dangerous place.
"Have you ever met a monster Grandpa?"
Grandpa smiled and closed the book. "More times than I can count, but Grandpa scared them all away."
I pictured my grandfather hobbling along after a pack of wild animals, waving his cane to fight them off. Grandpa was obviously more awesome than I ever expected.
"Wow, that's great Grandpa, I want to scare away monsters too. Someone has to protect you from this heart eating lady."
He laughed. "I hope so. Maybe when you get bigger you can give this fox monster a run for its money."
He reached out and ruffled my hair. His hand lingered there for a moment before he pulled away.
From that point on I began to look at all animals differently. I even began to wonder if the cat next door was an evil monster planning to kill me.
Of course I was sadly disappointed when no mystical monsters appeared before me and the neighbor's dog (which I often spoke with) never spoke back. I even made myself a miniature paper sword, so that I could fend off the fox monster if it suddenly attacked. I would sit on the verandah for hours as though guarding off a monster invasion. Little did I know that this would be my fate in ten years time.
 As a child, my grandfather was my idol. He was one of those awesome guys you could brag to your friends about. We used to play catch together all afternoon, and he never refused a game of hide and seek. He was kind, patient, and I don't remember him ever raising his voice.
Unfortunately the monster stories are the only ones that I can remember. I was only five when he adopted me and he passed away a year later. He was the one who gave me my name, Michael Matsumoto, which was also the name of his deceased son.
I know it sounds creepy. Everyone thinks he was trying to use me as a replacement for his dead child. Apparently his wife left after the death of their son and his daughter went to college. I believe that he was just lonely and instead of getting a dog he decided to get himself a kid. Whatever his reasoning, it all worked out in the end. Even though I lost him, I would have nothing if it weren't for Grandpa. 
Little did I know that his stories of monsters were soon to become my reality.
 


Chapter 3
 
Ten years later and I was happily dreaming away until my pleasant sleep was destroyed by my alarm. I cracked my eyes open to make sure it was daytime, and flinched at the sunlight which had infiltrated my bedroom. I attempted to muster up the energy to get out of bed, but I was dead to the world until my snooze alarm rang.
I rolled out of bed and fell to the floor with a bang, completely unaware that I wasn't going to live to see the end of the year. My eyes glanced at the photo of Grandpa and I (which I had beside my bed) and I suddenly remembered what I had dreamed about. My adopted grandfather. It was odd that I'd dreamed about Grandpa. There was once a time when I used to think of him every day. Sometimes so much that I would begin to cry and my older sister had to come console me (before crying herself). After entering middle school my life had become so much busier with homework, friends, and high school entrance exams. So until that day I hadn't stopped to dwell on the man who adopted me almost ten years ago.
Maybe appearing in my dreams was his way to make sure I didn't forget him, or maybe he was just wishing me luck on my first day of high school.
 I lived with my older sister since my grandfather died. Well, technically she wasn't my real sister. She was Grandpa's only daughter, which made her my adopted sister. She was about fifteen years older than me and already married. She quit college to raise me which was pretty cool, considering we weren't related by blood. She was strict and liked to tell me what to do, but she was nice sometimes too. I think if I was going to miss anyone it would definitely be Sis, or her five-year-old daughter Sophie.
I picked myself up and got dressed. With a yawn, I made my way downstairs to eat breakfast.
My sister's husband Steve was already sitting at the table. The best way to describe him would be as a shirt and tie office worker with glasses one inch thick. He was my parental figure. Well, as much as he liked to think he was. He and my sister both met way back when they were in college, and they married a few years later. I liked to think of him as being more like an older brother than a father. We often hung out and played video games together. Sometimes he could even beat me.
Steve was sipping coffee while mulling over the morning paper. He liked to pretend that reading the news would make him well-informed, but I knew he just liked reading the TV guide.
"Maybe I should change jobs," he said while gazing over the classifieds.
"Don't say that," said Sis as she dished out the toast.
"But it's unlikely that I'll get a promotion. And with the economy being the way it is, it might be better to move on to something more stable."
"But your job is stable, you're not going to find anywhere else which is so flexible about your family life."
Brother often complained about how much he worked, but it was less than what my friends' fathers put in at their companies. At least Steve was still around at breakfast. He even made it home in time for dinner most nights of the week. I had a friend in elementary school who hadn't seen his father for a month, even though they lived in the same house.
Apparently he worked for a trading company. I once asked about it, only to be told an obscure French name, and it involved importing and exporting.  
With a pair of glasses resting on her brim (which made her look just like her father) my niece Sophie came running into the room. She climbed up on a chair, stole a piece of toast from Steve's plate, and began nibbling along the edges.
 Sophie was really cool because it gave me the chance to feel what it was like to have a real younger sister. She was also awesome because she'd do almost anything I told her. I could just sit on the couch and tell her to fetch me the remote, a pillow, and some potato chips. It was like having your own little servant.  
My sister laid a small bowl of oatmeal before me. "Are you ready for school Mikey?" She asked.
I cringed. Mikey was the ridiculous nickname that she liked to call me at highly inappropriate times. Like in front of my friends, or a girl I was trying to impress at the mall. I tried to convince her to stop, but Sis was relentless with her nicknames.
"How come Mikey gets to go to school? I want to go to school too," whined Sophie.
"That's because Mikey is a big boy," said Steve. "He has to go to big boy school now. You go to little girl school next week."
I tried to prevent myself from choking on my oatmeal. I decided I would have to take drastic measures that year to make sure Sis never came into contact with my cool new high school friends. She almost ruined my reputation on the first day of middle school when she came to collect me from the school gate yelling "Mikey, Mikey!" So loudly that I’m certain the whole neighborhood could hear her. 
I decided that it was best to make my escape in case she offered to drive me. I stuffed the remaining toast into my mouth. "OK, I'm off,” I said before grabbing my lunch and running outside.
 
* * *

I live in a small town surrounded by mountains. It was far from the sea, so it was always boiling hot in summer and freezing cold in winter. It was still cold for April, so my breath came out in small puffs of smoke as soon as I left the house. I wish I’d been smart enough to bring a scarf, but I was running late for school so I decided to endure. I began jogging to keep myself warm.
I picked my high school for one reason and one reason only. It was the closest one to my house. I worked my butt off studying for the entrance exam, all for those extra fifteen minutes of sleep. I now wonder if I could have avoided death just by going to the next school down the road.
My new high school was a large three-story white building with a gravel area at the front. Some kids were playing baseball when I arrived. It wasn't a famous school, but it was still private and the tuition wasn't cheap. I roamed the halls searching for my classroom, until a teacher took pity on me and accompanied me there. There were already over thirty students loitering around when I arrived. Some were talking in small groups and a few were playing on their cell phones. Others, also like me, were floating around like they didn't know what to do. Eventually the school bell rang, and a male teacher entered who guided us towards our assigned seating. I was seated three rows from the front, which wasn't bad because my eyesight has been failing recently.
My homeroom teacher was a middle-aged man with short hair. His name was something beginning with P, like Mr Philips or something. I wasn't sure. It's hard to remember all the teachers’ names. I should have paid more attention because he'll probably be the one to break my death to the class. 
Mr P (as I called him) gave a short speech about the importance of high school, getting good grades, and all the other crap that teachers like to talk about. I found myself falling asleep during the middle. I rested my head against my elbow momentarily for a quick nap, only to find myself being nudged awake. I waved my hand to fend off their assault, but they refused to give up. I lifted my head to come face to face with the student to my right who was a guy with a bowl cut and glasses.
"You're next," he hissed.
"Next for what?" I asked.
"The self introduction!"
I looked around to see thirty eyes all resting on me. Wait, thirty one if you included my new teacher. Mr. P coughed. "Matsumoto, if you would be so kind as to introduce yourself to the class."
I wasn't good at improvisation, so I just said the first thing which came to mind. "My name is Michael Matsumoto, I like sleeping."
There was a snicker. "Yeah, I think we noticed that already," whispered someone from behind me. I spun around to catch them in the act, but everyone conveniently had their mouths shut.
I proceeded to listen to the rest of the class introduce themselves, which wasn't that exciting. Sleep threatened to overtake me once more, and I almost hit my head against the desk when my body began to pass out. 
Looking back on it now I should have put more effort into my self introduction. It was the perfect opportunity to impress the female population of the class. I should have told them that I was good at sports, or that I had plenty of interesting hobbies (none of them too macho). Now I would forever be labeled as having an attitude problem. 
Mr. P pulled me aside at break time to lecture me on the importance of getting enough sleep and paying attention in class. All I could notice was how strongly he smelled of cigarettes. His teeth were also yellow, and I felt tempted to lecture him back on the importance of dental hygiene. 
Finally, my first lunch time at high school arrived, which meant one thing. I could finally bring my lunch to school. From kindergarten to the end of middle school, I had been subjected to eating the school lunch, which could range from tolerable to disgusting. I reached into my bag and pulled out my plastic lunch box which had been neatly wrapped in a gray cloth. I soon noticed that the box was pink, which should have been a warning of what was soon to come.
I carefully opened the lid, and all my hopes and expectations were crushed when I saw what lay before me.
It was terrifying. All the sandwiches had been carefully shaped to resemble Hello Kitty, complete with little whiskers that had been cut from lettuce. There were also little Hello Kitty flags poking up from my egg roll and salad. But the worst part was that Sis had written Mikey in tomato sauce across everything. It would have been cute and all, if I was a five year old girl.
I didn't know what Sis was thinking. This was high school, not Sophie's kindergarten. I reached for my lunchbox lid so I could hide it from the world, but I had already been exposed.
"Wow Hello kitty, it's so cute!"
I looked up to see a girl standing before my desk. She was cute with short black hair which she'd fashioned into two pigtails. Her skirt was average length, and she had the right mix of cute, yet sensible, which might get past Sis. She wasn't the prettiest girl in the class, but I wasn't that fussy.
I reached for my cloth to quickly throw it over my lunch and save my dignity, but it was then that I realized my Hello Kitty lunch box was a potential chick magnet. I leant back on my chair and attempted to appear suave, despite my abomination of a lunch being exposed for the world to see.
"Yeah, you bet it is, some guys think Hello Kitty is too girly, but I," I paused to think of the right words. "Like to get in touch with my more feminine side."
"I see," she leaned in closer for a better look. "Do you think that maybe I could have one of the little flags when you're finished with it?"
"Yeah, sure," I reached forward and ripped it out of my lunch and handed it to her.
"Thanks," she smiled.
"No problem,” I said with a wink. “Any time."
She twirled the flag between her fingers. "If you don't mind me asking, your name is Michael Matsumoto right?"
I was surprised she could remember my name after hearing everyone's self introduction. I assumed that she'd heard of my amazing reputation from middle school. Most of my friends had gone to different schools (some even leaving the town) but there were still a few of my old classmates roaming the halls. Surely the rumors had begun to spread already. I was a real chick magnet back then. During the course of two years I had a total of four girlfriends. One even threatened to jump out the classroom window after we broke up.
I couldn't believe my high school love life was beginning already. I thought I'd have to put some effort into this whole girl thing, but they were already lining up.
I put on the Michael Matsumoto charms, and turned my face so that it showed off my good side. "Yes, it sure is, and what might your name be?"
"Song, Annie Song."
And that was how I first met Annie. Back then she was a vision of perfect health with no blood pouring from her forehead. She was always kind and never hesitated to defend me in front of the others. If I'd known the future, I would have done more to repay her kindness, but instead I just saw her as another cute girl that I could play around with.
"Annie," I repeated. Then I went in for the kill. "That's such a cute name, just like the girl it belongs to."
"Annie!" Said a voice behind me. "You shouldn't waste your time on guys like that."
I turned to face my nemesis who had ruined my chances at love. He was seated behind me at the far right. He was pale; almost sickly so, with short blonde hair and average build. What looked like a math textbook was laid out in front of him. He'd obviously been studying until he made the decision to ruin my life. 
Annie looked nervous. "But, I thought it might be good to know some of our new classmates."
"I know what you're thinking," said nemesis (as I decided to call him). "We can talk about it later."
Annie looked like she wanted to stay, like any sensible girl would (because I'm awesome) but she gave in and went back to her desk.
"Bye, it was nice to meet you, Michael Matsumoto."
"It was nice to meet you as well, Annie Song."
During the course of the day I paid extra attention to my nemesis. Until lunch time he'd been just another blob in a sea of students, but now he was on my radar. I quickly discovered his name was Isaac and he was good at school, almost frighteningly so. Every time a teacher called on him, he would stand up, answer the question correctly, sit down, and then stare at his textbook intensely like he was attempting to burn a hole in it.  
Annie was also very cute during class time. She would often lose her place in the textbook, only to be prompted by the girl sitting behind her.
Sadly the rest of my day was lacking in girl action, or even friend action. There were a few classmates who looked like they'd make good friend material, but I hadn't come to any final decisions on which group I should target. The last thing I wanted was to accidentally make friends with the uncool people, and spend the remaining four years of high school regretting it. 
But when faced with death, my high school worries suddenly seem ridiculous now. If I had known what was to come, I would have spent less time worrying about friends, and more time building my own personal fortress.

Chapter 4 

Everything soon fell into place on the third day of school. I remember it as the day I discovered my life was a lie, and the countless secrets which had been hidden from me by my adopted family, finally came to light. 
It all began when Isaac decided to approach me. We hadn't directly spoken since the first day, so I assumed he didn't have the guts to face me. I finished my lunch only to look up and find him hovering over my desk like the grim reaper looming over a deathbed.
“Can I have a word with you?” He asked.
I turned around to say look at this guys, Isaac wants a word with me, until I realized this wasn't middle school anymore and my friends had all abandoned me to go to different schools instead.
I suppressed the feeling of being friendless, and rose to follow Isaac as he left the classroom. I wasn't surprised when he failed to start-up a colorful conversation, so I decided to ask the one thing I'd been dying to know.
“So what's going on with you and Annie?” I asked.
“Annie?” He scoffed. “That's a pretty friendly way to talk about someone you barely know.”
“Maybe I don't know her well yet, but I will soon.”
“That's a stupid assumption.”
“Hey! Annie and I obviously have a connection.”
“Yeah, whatever.”
“Dick,” I muttered under my breath.
I was uncertain if he heard me, but he continued moving his mouth regardless.” You should give up on Annie. There's another sixteen girls in the class who are probably stupid enough to fall for your playboy attitude.”
“Yeah, but,” I tried to think up a witty response. “What's your problem anyway, is she your girlfriend?”
“No, we're just friends.”
“But you like her, right? But she won't go out with you because you're too much of an arse!”
Isaac stopped dead in his tracks, turned to face me, and narrowed his eyes in anger. I didn't think it was possible for him to look moodier, but he quickly exceeded my expectations. “I don't usually beat up idiots because it's not always their fault,” he said. “But for you I'm willing to make an exception.”
“What's wrong, did I hit a sore spot?” I raised my fists and began jumping from side to side in case of any incoming assault. “Come on, bring it!”
Isaac scoffed. “We should probably go somewhere with less people, you don't want to get in trouble with any of the teachers right?”
He had a point. I was smart enough to know that getting suspended in the first week wouldn't be the best start to my high school career.
I followed him outside to the back of the school. There was a small space between the school building and the fence which was beyond the teacher's gaze. I was about to compliment him on his excellent choice of a battleground, until we turned the corner and I realized the terrible mistake I'd made.
Before me stood another four students who were all larger than I was. They looked too tall to be in first year, so I assumed they were in either second or third. There was a tall guy playing on his cell phone, a guy who appeared to be the biggest (and fattest) student I'd seen at school, and one more guy with curly hair who was anxiously kicking the dirt by his feet. The last student was a girl with bleached blonde hair and bracelets (which I'm certain is against school policy). Her face was devoid of emotion, and given the way her hands were crossed against her chest, I wouldn't have put it past her to rip out a crowbar and swing it towards my head. 
For the first time in my life (and obviously not the last) I felt the terror of knowing I was going to die. I froze. 
“What's your problem, scared?” Isaac hissed. He began shoving me towards them and I was too petrified to fight back.
"So this is the guy you were talking about?" Asked the big guy.
"More or less," said Isaac. "I wouldn't give your hopes up."
Hopes? I thought. Did that mean I wasn't up to standard as a victim?
The guy playing on his cell phone finally stopped and slid it back into his pocket. He was a foot taller than me with thick black hair and dark brown eyes. He also cast an imposing shadow.
“Oh hey, sorry, this is the first time we've met isn't it?” He said, “I'm Tyson Song, I see you've already met Isaac. This guy is Kurt," he pointed to the large guy. "The guy with the curly hair is Laurence, and this girl is Katie."
"Nice to meet you,” I said nervously. “I think." I wasn't sure if it was common for bullies to introduce themselves before they took a swing at you.
“Now, how should we go about this?" Pondered Tyson. 
I backed up slowly until my heels hit the fence. His face didn't look aggressive, but that just made him scarier. I was certain he was planning the most effective way to beat my face in. I considered running for my life, but I had a feeling they'd soon catch me.
"Your name is Michael Matsumoto right?" Said the big guy named Kurt.
"Oh yeah, would it be alright if we took a look at your ID?" Asked Tyson.
I hesitantly reached for my wallet while keeping one eye on them (in case they attempted to make a grab for it), pulled out my school ID card, and handed it to Tyson.
All five of them crowded around in a circle. The curly-haired guy called Laurence didn't fit, so he had to jump up and down behind Katie's shoulder to get a better look.
"Wow, you're right, his name really is Michael Matsumoto," said Kurt.
"It’s even written the same way and everything," said Laurence. 
It was almost comical to watch them all hovering over my school ID. I used to think I was a pretty cool guy, but I knew I wasn't famous enough to receive that amount of awe. "Hey guys,” I coughed.
“What's so interesting about that card?"
Tyson held it up to the light and turned it back and forth like he was checking for errors. "Sorry, here you go," he handed it back to me. "You wouldn't happen to be related to a different guy called Michael Matsumoto would you?"
"Yeah," I shrugged, trying to think of the best way to explain the relationship between the other Michael and I. "I had an older brother with the same name."
I watched their draws drop open. It's hard to describe their shock in words, so I wish I had a camera. Laurence pounced, grabbed me by the shoulders, and began to shake me back and forth.
"Really! Are you serious? Was Michael Matsumoto really your brother?" His voice was higher than I expected and it almost hurt my ears.
“Shut up Laurence,” muttered Kurt. He then turned to me and narrowed his eyes in suspicion. “You're not making this up are you?”
I attempted to pry Laurence's fingers from my shoulders. “Well, actually more like my stepbrother, his father adopted me.”
“I see, so you were adopted by Able Matsumoto, that's pretty cool,” said Tyson. “But also kind of creepy that you have the same name,” he added.
“So he's not actually related,” said Katie. “That's kind of disappointing.”
“Didn't I say you were going to be disappointed,” said Isaac.
“But if you're the adopted son of Able Matsumoto then you should know all about monsters?” Asked Tyson.
“Of course,” I said. I thought back to all the tales of monsters that Grandpa told me as a child. I found it odd that these people also knew about his monster obsession. I'd never considered that he may have been a well-known monster expert. 
“That's good,” said Tyson. “So I guess we don't have to hide that we're exorcists from you.”
“Exorcists?” I muttered in confusion. Unless I'd misheard, I was certain he'd claimed they were exorcists. I pictured all five of them dressed up as priests with a cross in one hand and a bottle of holy water in the other. I'd seen a few movies about possessed people who called upon the help of exorcists to drive out the devil inside, but I never knew that such people could also be high school students.
“So you deal with possessed people?” I asked skeptically. I had a feeling they were either making it up, or it was one of those role-playing clubs where people dressed up and pretended to be fantasy characters.
“Sometimes,” said Tyson. “But we usually exterminate monsters.”
“Oh, so you exterminate monsters,” I decided to play along. I once got into an argument with the class nerd who used to believe he was an alien and I didn't wish to repeat the experience. “That's nice.”
“Yeah, pretty much. Hey, do you want to see some pictures?” He asked.
“I suppose,” I shrugged.
“Hey Tyson, I'm not sure if you should do that,” said Isaac.
“Relax Isaac. It's cool,” Tyson whipped out his phone and began sliding his finger around the screen. He found what he was looking for and handed me his phone.
I expected to see them all dressed up in fake costumes, but the graphics were exceedingly good and almost lifelike. It appeared to be a giant raccoon, except it was the size of a person. Its teeth and claws were sharp, long, and dripping what looked like blood. 
“Hey, this is pretty good, that blood looks almost real,” I said.
“Of course it’s real. Man that guy got me good, I have this whole scar now and everything,” Tyson pulled up his sleeve to show me a bandage that extended from his wrist to the elbow. “But you know that chicks always dig battle wounds,” he said while winking at Katie, who in return scoffed and looked away.
No, they couldn't be serious, it couldn't be true. I thought. I stared at the pictures, and then at Tyson's arm, then back at the screen, and then at his arm again. I repeated this for almost a minute, until the realization finally hit me.
“MONSTERS ARE REAL!” I screamed.
“Keep your voice down,” hissed Kurt as he looked over his shoulder and scanned the area for people. 
“I thought you knew already,” whispered Tyson.
“No, I thought they were all stories.” I felt quite distressed and Tyson had to pry his phone out of my fingers because I refused to let go. “I didn't think they actually existed.”
“Great one Tyson,” said Katie. “Just wait until Akito hears about this. You're going to get grounded,” she added in a singsong voice.
“Does that mean there's really a raccoon monster, and a naked fox lady who will eat your heart out?!” I asked.
“Geez,” moaned Tyson. “I really thought you knew already. Especially since Able Matsumoto was a well-known exorcist.”
“GRANDPA WAS AN EXORCIST?!” 
“What! You seriously didn't know about Able Matsumoto either,” said Isaac. “Idiot!”
“I was only a little kid when he died!”
“I suppose it's not your fault then,” said Tyson. “It's a shame though, Able Matsumoto was pretty famous. He wasn't as famous as Michael Matsumoto, but he still had a good reputation back in the day.”
“Michael MATSUMOTO WAS AN EXORCIST TOO!?” 
“Hey will you shut up already,” said Kurt. “I'm pretty sure the classroom above us could hear you. You're almost as loud as Laurence.”
“No one told me that my brother Michael was an exorcist,” I whispered.
“He was the best there ever was,” said Katie. “We have to read up on him all the time.”
“Akito made me write a report last week as punishment for missing my curfew, it really sucked,” said Kurt.
“What were you doing out that late?” Katie asked.
“I had stuff to do, and then I missed the bus and had to walk the rest of the way.”
“Yeah, that happened to me too, but there's another bus that comes from the opposite side of the road, and it goes until about eleven-”
“Hey!” I interrupted, trying to get them back on track. “Do you think you could tell me more about Michael Matsumoto?” I always wanted to know more about the guy I was named after. Sis always got depressed if I asked, and sometimes cried. It was like her not so secret weakness.
“Michael Matsumoto was pretty famous fifteen or twenty years ago,” said Tyson. “Some people believe he may have been the strongest exorcist there ever was. There wasn't a monster out there that he couldn't beat. Cats, dogs, raccoons, rats, and pigs all fell before him.”
“But then he was trying to pick up a girl and it turned out to be a fox monster,” added Kurt. “She plunged her hand into his chest and ripped out his heart before he even had time to reach for a protection charm.” 
They all hung their heads as though taking a moment of silence. “It's a hard lesson for all male exorcists,” said Tyson.
“That any hot chick could actually be a monster plotting to rip your insides out,” added Kurt.
“It happened to my uncle too,” said Laurence. “He even married her without realizing. One day she got hungry and he refused to go to the convenience store to buy her anything. She was still munching on his leg when they were discovered the next day.”
“Ewww, Laurence that so gross,” said Katie. Her face screwed up in disgust. “I thought I told you to stop telling that story in front of me.”
I stood there with my mouth open in horror. It was like all my childhood fears had suddenly become reality. I used to think that Laurence was pretty annoying, but given what was to occur months later, I now wish I'd paid more attention to his horror stories.
Tyson must have seen the terror on my face because he attempted to lighten the mood. “On a happier note, all exorcists in the area go to this school, so there's no need to worry about man-eating monsters here.” 
He patted me on the back and I knew he was trying to console me, but I didn't feel better.
“It's not like we had a choice though,” said Isaac. “I don't understand why we have to go to this dump.”
Kurt groaned. “Not this again.”
“We already went through this Isaac,” said Tyson. “This is the only high school sponsored by the exorcist organization.”
“Yeah, it's not so bad man. There's no need to moan about it all the time. You should just relax more,” said Kurt. “Take advantage of the situation.”
“Wait,” I interrupted. “This high school is sponsored by your organization?” 
“Yeah, it's pretty difficult for us to do well in school when we have to stay up all night hunting monsters,” said Tyson. “It's almost impossible for us to get our homework done in time.”
“And then there's exorcist studies,” said Kurt.
“And weapons maintenance,” said Katie.
“So the organization donates money here to help us pass high school,” said Tyson.
 I thought that sounded nice. I couldn't help thinking that it wouldn't be so bad if someone paid the school money to give me good grades, but then I realized what that would mean. 
“Wait! Isn't that bribery?!” I yelled
“No, of course not,” said Tyson. “But now that I stop and think about it.”
“Are you seriously saying that you don't have to do your homework?” I asked.
“But it's not like we don't want to, it's just not always possible,” said Kurt. “But Isaac here is the family smart arse so he always gets everything done.” 
“Great going Isaac, you're making the rest of us look bad,” said Katie. “Now Akito expects us all to finish our homework.”
“I had to stay up until three!” Said Laurence.
“Well, maybe if you didn't spend so much time doing your make up in the morning, you'd even get to school on time Katie,” muttered Isaac.
“What would you know Isaac? Do you understand how important looks are to a girl, what would everyone think if I arrived at school with no makeup? It would be social suicide.”
“But he does have a point Katie. You have spent a lot of our funds on hair products,” said Kurt.
“What's that supposed to mean?” She snapped.
“Nothing, I'm only implying that we could buy other useful things with the money you spend on hairspray.”
“Like what Kurt, hamburgers?”
I watched as they slowly fell into an all out argument. Tyson attempted to intervene, but his voice of reason couldn't be heard over Katie's shrill insults. Isaac stepped back, whipped out a set of flashcards, and began memorizing them like nothing was happening. Maybe he was used to this sort of situation.
The cogs in my head began turning. So the exorcists didn't have to follow the school rules. Did that mean that if I joined them, I could also sleep until nine and not have to worry about handing my assignments in?
“Hey, hey!” I yelled while trying to get their attention. “Do you think that maybe I could also become an exorcist?”
Part of me already expected to be shot down. Like the time I tried to join the cool group in elementary school. What I didn't expect was for them to all stop arguing and begin simultaneously laughing.
I felt confused. “I don't get it, what's so funny?”
“You, an exorcist?” Laughed Isaac. 
“Check this out,” said Kurt. “It looks like Michael Matsumoto, suddenly wants to be like, wait for it, Michael Matsumoto.”
“I'm sorry to disappoint you,” laughed Tyson. “But not just anyone can become an exorcist, there are conditions.”
“Really! Like what?” I asked skeptically. It couldn't be that hard, the five of them didn't look that special.
“Condition number one,” he held up one finger to emphasize his point. “You have to actually be born into an exorcist family. Not adopted into one.” 
“But-”
He cut me off. “Condition number two, you need to possess the minimum requirement of spiritual power. Just because your parents are exorcists doesn't mean that you can be too. And condition number three, you have to begin training from age five.”
“There used to be another condition saying that only men could join, but they've eased up on this recently,” added Katie.
“Five, isn't that a bit young?” I couldn't imagine Sophie having the attention span to begin training for anything.
“But it's necessary for the development of spiritual power,” said Tyson. “You need to begin training while your body is still pliable. If you wait a few more years it's already too late.”
“Which is why it's already too late for you, even if you meet conditions one and two,” nodded Kurt.
“Yeah, but,” I stuttered. “It might be impossible to become an exorcist, but maybe I could do something else. Like carry your weapons, or take better pictures with your cell phone?”
Tyson was quiet for a moment and began to mull it over. “I suppose you could be our slave if you really wanted, but the guys back home don't like to involve normal people in exorcist affairs. They like to keep everything as secret as possible. We would all get into a lot of trouble if they ever found out.”
I felt deflated. A wonderful opportunity to increase my fun at high school suddenly appeared, and was then mercilessly ripped away from me. I was in the middle of thinking up another way I could be useful to the exorcists, when the bell rang. It was the end of lunch time.
“We should all get to class, you wouldn't want to be late,” said Tyson. He made a shooing action with his hands and the others turned and began to make their way back. “And one more thing,” he grabbed me by the collar and shoved me against the fence. “No matter what, don't tell a single soul about what happened here today. If you breathe one word of this to anyone I will personally make your next year of high school a living hell,” his eyes were cold and serious, and I had no reason to doubt him.
 
Chapter 5

I discovered there were seven exorcists at school. There was Isaac and Annie, who were both in my class. Kurt (the big guy) and Laurence (the awkward one with curly hair) were both in second year. The blonde girl Katie, and Tyson (who seemed like their leader) were both in third. Nina was also in the third year. She wasn't at school the day I met the other exorcists, but I saw her once in the hall. She looked a lot like Sis, but I'll tell you more about that later. 
Everyone seemed to find Laurence annoying, but he was the only one who was willing to tell me anything. Whenever I talked to the others they'd freeze up and tell me to go away, but Laurence let the secrets spill like there was no tomorrow.
“Monsters are animal spirits which live in the natural world,” he explained to me.
“I know that already,” I said while remembering the stories Grandpa told me as a child. “What else?”
“Hmm, monsters usually pretend to be different animals and then transform back into monsters and eat humans. Lots of murders are actually done by monsters instead of people. No one thinks that the cute kitty they find on the street is going to eat them when their back is turned.”
“I knew it!” I didn't feel so stupid anymore for treating every animal with caution as a child.
“But different types of monsters often disguise themselves as the same animal so you never know what you're going to get until it unveils itself. Sometimes it’s just a talking cat, or a giant cat with massive claws, or a half cat half person thing. It makes exorcising really hard. When I started we had to run away a lot, but now Tyson and Katie are pretty good, and Isaac is probably the best.”
“Isaac,” I snorted. I could feel my anger begin to rise up already. I'd made a few attempts to be nice to the guy, but he ignored me completely. “I don't get it, why is that Isaac guy such an arse all the time?”
“Don't worry about Isaac. He's still mad about having to go to this school. Isaac actually made it into a really good high school, but they refused to let him go. He's been angry since then.”
“Still, that's no excuse to be a dick to everyone,” I muttered.  
“Don't say that, Isaac's a really loyal friend. He might be angry now, but he's normally fun to hang around.”
“Maybe,” but he had still gone out of his way to build a wall between Annie and I. “So what's the deal with him and Annie?” I asked
“Isaac and Annie, huh? They're the same age so they've always been close. Annie was bullied in elementary school, but Isaac would always rush in and save her. Just like a knight in shining armor.”
“I see,” I wasn't sure how I was going to compete with that.   
 “He helps her with school work at home a lot too.”
“What! Home? So he goes to her house?” The thought of the two of them alone in Annie's bedroom made me want to puke.
“Yes, sort of, we all live together.”
“Really?” That wasn't as bad then. “All of you, as in all the exorcists, like together, in one house?”  
“Yes. Tyson, Kurt, and I have to sleep in the same room. Tyson snores and Kurt farts all night.”
“And your parents are there too, right?”
“Nah, our parents are back home, we just live here during our training.”
“Wow, that must be tough,” I tried to imagine what it would be like the live far away from Sis, Steve and Sophie.
Laurence shrugged. “At first, but I've been here since middle school so I don't really mind anymore, but Kurt was really angry. I think he sometimes sneaks off and goes home when he's not supposed to.” 
I soon discovered that Kurt was probably the biggest guy at school. I'm really glad that he wasn't trying to beat me up because I don't think I would have survived. The two of us got along pretty well for a while, until that incident.
Tyson was the oldest and the leader of the group. He was also Annie's older brother, so I had to be nice to the guy if I wanted to date her. This meant I had to try not to spill their secrets. 
I tried talking to Annie a few times since the first day, but Isaac would always slip himself between us and foil all my plans. Therefore, she couldn't go with me to the cinema, the mall, the water park, or all the other fantastic date locations I came up with.
I considered asking my sister about her father and older brother, but I decided against it. Sis always got depressed when we talked about them. I was also paranoid of what Tyson would do if I told her there were exorcists running around my school. I probably should have told her immediately. Maybe I was too stupid to see what was coming, but perhaps Sis could have saved me. 

***

I began to wonder if I would have been an exorcist if Grandpa hadn't passed away. If I had a famous guy like him as a mentor I could have been an awesome exorcist by now. Surely awesome enough to make those other guys take me seriously. Maybe even awesome enough to rival the first Michael Matsumoto.
I spent most of my classes daydreaming about fighting monsters. I wasn't certain how they were exorcised, so I made up most of the details on my own. Like with giant swords, or magical weapons that sent out laser beams. In my imagination, I became a fantastic monster hunter who saved young maidens from terrifying monsters. Unless the maiden was a monster herself. In that case I would have to destroy her, despite being almost overwhelmed by her beautiful looks.
Being the idiot that I used to be, I decided I couldn't take it anymore. I had to see a monster, I had to know if they were real.  
I decided that the best thing to do would be to ask the exorcists if I could follow along one day and take a quick look. One quick glance, then I would be out of there straight away. I approached Tyson with this idea in break time, but he wasn't very enthusiastic.
“Absolutely not,” he said.
“Why not, I promise I'll stay out of danger.”
“There's no way I could guarantee your safety.”
“Come on, I really want to see a monster, I'll do anything.”
He looked like he was considering it, but he then shook his head. “They would probably ground me, I have a date with Sarah Wilson on Friday and it would suck if I couldn't go.”
I tried begging for another five minutes, but he wouldn't budge. I later found out that Sarah Wilson was the prettiest girl in third year, which explained his decision, but I was certain I'd seen her making out with a student near my house. 
I considered approaching Annie or Isaac, but I knew it would be a waste of time. Some days they didn't arrive at school until lunch time. Unlike the rest of us (who were lectured for arriving even a few minutes late) the teacher just nodded as they entered the room.
“This is so unfair,” I muttered to Fred, the guy on my right who was my new lunch buddy. “The teachers don't do anything when they're late. I wouldn't mind not showing up until one.”
“It's because they do community service,” said Fred as he took a bite of his chocolate bar. “Like go to retirement homes and read stories to old people. I asked Mr. Philips if I could join, but he said all the places were full.” 
“Humph,” I fumed. Only I knew the truth. I'd decided I wouldn't mind chasing monsters all night if I didn't have to study anymore. High school was far duller than I expected, and the teachers had already started piling on the homework. It was only the second week, and I had two assignments due.
I ignored Tyson's advice and attempted to follow them after school. Unfortunately, they all seemed to possess some sort of exorcist skill which allowed them to vanish when the final bell rang. All my stalking attempts had failed. 
I felt deflated, but little did I know that I was about to meet my first monster within the next few hours.

 
* * *

I took a walk through the shopping district on my way home. It was a closed off street with shops on either side and a roof so you didn't get wet when it rained.
I stopped to look in the second-hand games store at things I couldn't afford. It was unlikely that my sister would give me money for games, but if I could convince Steve, he may have brought it for me. He was a really awesome guy when it came to things like that. 
There were a few girls hanging around the mall as well. Some were in groups, and others were casually shopping on their own. There was a cute girl gazing into the display window of the clothing store. Probably imagining how she would look in the fashionable, but over priced outfit the mannequin was wearing. I was tempted to stop and talk to her, before I remembered the gruesome end to the first Michael Matsumoto. 
I decided I would no longer attempt to pick up strange girls before confirming they were human. I didn't want to meet the same end as my older brother. I was paranoid that the fox monster really liked the taste of his heart, and might come back looking for seconds.  
I sighed and turned to go home. So much had changed since I began high school. I had to make new friends, found out my adopted family were exorcists, and discovered that any pretty girl could be a heart eating monster. If I'd known my death was also soon to come, I would have returned home and locked myself in my room forever.
I heard the jingle of phone charms, and a flash of blonde raced past me. I stared blankly at the girl running off into the distance. She was wearing our school uniform, but she was wearing an assortment of jewelry which was against school policy. The only person I knew who could get away with that was Katie! I took a second glance. It was definitely Katie. She must have been racing off to fight a monster. I couldn't figure out any other reason why she would be in such a hurry.
I clutched my bag strap with one hand to prevent it from falling off my shoulder, and followed suit. Following her was like taking another step closer to my demise, but I was just too excited about the chance to see a real live monster.


Chapter 6

I followed Katie to the edge of town where there was nothing but trees. We ran until the cement path became dirt and pebbles.
I thought she would have heard my footsteps pounding behind her, but she was too engrossed in her destination. Every now and again she would pull out her cell phone and quickly glance at the screen before dashing off again.  
We kept running until I could hear the voices of the other exorcists from somewhere beyond the trees.
“I don't know what you're waiting for, let's just attack now,” came the obnoxious voice of Isaac.
“No, we should wait for it to make the first move, we don't know what we're dealing with,” said Tyson.
“You're just scared because the last one took a chunk out of your arm,” Isaac replied.
Katie picked up speed and I wasn't far behind, within a matter of seconds she burst through the trees and was out in an open field. I decided things would be best if I didn't draw attention, so I hung back and hid myself behind a bush. I pushed the branches apart and peeked through the leaves to get a better view. The rest of the exorcists were already there. Tyson, Nina, Annie, Isaac, Kurt, and Laurence were gathered around in a circle staring at something I couldn't see.
“Katie, thank god you're here!” Yelled Tyson
“Someone was late. Was there a sale at the mall?”
“Shut your face Isaac!”
I was so excited; I could finally see a real life monster and witness my first exorcism. I expected them to be dressed in special clothes and carrying mystical weapons, but compared to my day dreams they looked more like they were going home from after school sports.	
Tyson and Annie were holding wooden poles, which were similar to those used in the Kendo club. Nina was holding a bow and arrow (which probably came from the archery club), and Kurt looked like he was prepared to cut down a tree with a single ax in his hand. Isaac and Laurence weren't holding anything, so maybe they intended to beat the monster to death.
I caught a glance of a small raccoon in the center of the circle. It didn't look anything like the monster Tyson showed me on his phone, and it looked more like a tiny raccoon trembling in fear.
I stared in confusion and began to wonder if what Tyson told me was the truth, or a funny lie made up to mess with me. What if monsters didn't really exist after all? What if the teenagers who I had mistaken for having mystic powers, were actually just a bunch of weird kids? Maybe they were all in a make-believe club which ran around the forest pretending to be exorcists and killing animals. I was embarrassed by how easily I had believed their strange fantasies.
I felt pity for the raccoon. I thought it was going to be beaten to death, so I decided to intervene.
I walked out of the trees with both hands up to show that I meant no harm. 
“Hey guys,” I said while trying to appear casual and relaxed. I thought it was the best way to convey my voice of reason.
They all spun around and stared at me.
“Why is he here?!” Screeched Katie.
“What do you mean why is he here? Didn't you bring him?” Asked Tyson.
“No, why the hell would I do that?!”
“He must have followed you,” said Isaac. “Great job Katie, I can see those exorcist skills hard at work.”
Tyson frantically waved his arms like he was trying to shoo me back behind the trees.
“Hey, you! Just find a safe place to hide and get out of the way!”
I planned to give a small speech about how all animals are our friends, but I could finally see what lay behind them. The raccoon began to gnaw on something pink beside it. At first my naive brain thought it must have been a peach, but I soon realized the raccoon was chewing on a human arm.  
“WHY IS THAT RACCOON EATING SOMEONE?” I screamed.
“Oh crap,” Tyson turned his attention back to the raccoon, but it was already too late. The raccoon began to shake like it was going to throw up, but instead it began to grow larger. 
“Nina now!” He yelled. 
“Roger!” Nina grabbed an arrow from the pack on her back and loaded it into the bow. She aimed downward and shot, but her arm wavered and the arrow missed and implanted itself into the ground beside the monster.
“Shit!” Swore Tyson. “Everyone back now! Isaac prepare a charm! Kurt cover Isaac! Annie take care of this guy!” He said while pointing at me. 
Annie on the other hand wasn't too happy about becoming my personal bodyguard. “What! Why me? You never let me fight monsters!”
“Annie, get back there now!” He snapped.
With a huff Annie dashed to my aid and held her pole out before us as a shield. Her brow was narrowed in anger, but when she turned back to glance at me, her mouth broke out into a smile. “Don't worry, you'll be safe,” she said gently.
 Happiness swelled within my chest. The girl I liked was prepared to protect me from a terrifying man-eating monster. I wanted to say that I was dying of happiness, until I realized I was currently facing death on four furry legs.
“I almost forgot,” Tyson quickly dashed over to Annie and I. “I have something to give you.”
 He reached into his pocket and I assumed he was going to pull out a weapon I could use to protect myself, but instead it was his cell phone. 
“If you don't mind, do you think you could get some shots of me fighting this thing?” He asked.
“I suppose,” I muttered hesitantly. I wasn't sure if it was a good time to be taking pictures.
“Thanks,” he said with a wave before turning his attention back to the monster.
The monster had grown to the size of a person. It still resembled a raccoon, except its teeth and claws were ten times larger and foam was pouring from its mouth. I wanted to appear brave and manly in front of Annie, but I was soon clinging to her shoulder on the verge of tears. I may have also been screaming “Save me, it's going to eat us all!”  
Unlike everyone else who had jumped back and scattered, Nina reloaded her bow. She looked like she was going to take another shot but her fingers were shaking.
“Nina, get back!” Yelled Tyson.
“It's OK, I can handle it,” she said.
Nina didn't get the chance to shoot because the giant raccoon lunged at her. She screamed and fell back before any of us had the chance to do anything. I could no longer see her behind the monster, so I assumed she must have been a goner. It was the first time I'd ever seen someone die so I froze in shock. I found myself unable to move or do anything.
“Nina!” Yelled a frantic Tyson.
Tyson ran to her aid, but before he'd even taken a step, there was a large thud, and an ax was suddenly sticking out of the monster's back. I assume it was thrown by Kurt since he was the only one with any ax skills.
The raccoon wasn’t happy about being stabbed in the back, but at least it wasn't done by his trusted teacher. The monster spun around, glared at us, stood on its hind legs and howled at the sky in rage. I trembled in fear and began wishing that the others would get their act together and defeat the monster before it ate us all.
I couldn't help noticing that its eyes were red, and crimson blood (most probably Nina's) dripped from the monster's mouth. 
"What is that thing?" I said in terror and awe. It was probably a bad idea to make any noise, and to my horror it jerked its head and locked eyes with mine. I took a step backwards in shock, and the monster took the momentary lapse in my guard as an invitation to come hurling towards Annie and I! 
All I could see was the giant monster encroaching closer and closer towards us. Instead of helping Annie, I screamed, hit the ground, and placed my hands over my head in an attempt to shield myself. 
I'm sorry Annie, I thought. Maybe we can be together in the afterlife.
I expected to be munched up in a matter of moments, but as scared as I was, I could hear nothing but yelling and the thud of wood against flesh. I hesitantly looked up to find Tyson fending off our approaching death with his wooden stick.
“Isaac can you hurry up already,” he groaned.
“He's still working on it!” Yelled Kurt.
I scanned the area for Isaac. He was standing off to the side with a piece of paper between his fingers, and his eyes were closed in concentration. Isaac's mouth was moving at rapid speed, so he was either chanting or talking to himself.
Laurence on the other hand hadn't participated much in the epic battle of high schoolers vs. raccoon. He mostly hung back and looked like he was unsure of what to do. Every now and again he'd rush forward like he was going to attack, only to quickly stop and go back to doing nothing. I later found out that everyone thought Laurence was pretty useless when it came to fighting monsters. 
To my relief I finally caught sight of Nina as well. I expected her to be mauled to pieces and scattered across the field, but she appeared unhurt except for the blood gushing profusely from her leg. 
Katie dashed towards her and I assumed she was running to help her friend, but instead Katie ripped the bow and arrow straight from Nina's hands and aimed it at the giant monster. Her aim was dead on, and she landed a hit directly through its head. I thought this would be enough to kill it (It looked like enough to kill anything), but the raccoon continued to thrash at Tyson despite having an ax in its back and an arrow sticking out of its skull.
“I don't get it, why isn't it dead yet?” I asked Annie.
“Monsters are a lot stronger than regular animals and can heal faster,” she said without taking her eyes off the battle. “If they were easy to kill there would be no need for us exorcists.”
 “Oh,” I said. That seemed to make sense.
Despite my amazement and fear I angled the cell phone and took some shots of Tyson battling the monster. As hard as I tried I could never understand the guy's obsession with taking photos, and I hope that he didn't meet his end by trying to get a snapshot with the fox monster.
Isaac began to chant louder to the point where he was almost yelling. The strip of paper in his hand began to glow, then it flashed, and all of a sudden a giant ball of lightning began to emerge from the paper. It crackled, flashed, and I was certain he was going to electrocute himself.
“Move it Tyson!” Yelled Katie. “It's coming!”
Tyson dropped back and left a direct path between Isaac and the monster.
The giant electric ball finally separated itself from the paper and shot straight towards the monster like a magnet. It hit the monster dead on and engulfed it in a ball of light. The whole field around us lit up and began the flash. 
 “Wow!” I muttered as I stared at the raccoon withering in pain amongst the blinding light. Black, white, black, white. A small glance was enough to hurt my eyes and I had to use my sleeve as a shield. Even when I wasn't looking I could hear the monster's screams over the crackles of lightning. 
Finally the screaming ended and I looked up once more and blinked as red spots clouded my vision. After a few moments my eyesight cleared and I could see that the rabid raccoon monster had been reduced to nothing more than a smoldering pile of ashes. This terrifying experience should have been enough for me to realize the dangers associated with exorcism, but all I could say back then was- “Amazing! Annie did you see that?”  
 “As expected of Isaac,” she sighed and collapsed to the ground. “Thank goodness it's over, that was so stressful.”
“Isaac!” I exclaimed. It wasn't like he was the only guy doing anything. Tyson, Katie and Kurt had done most of the work. I was about to tell Annie all my personal observations of Isaac doing nothing, until I noticed her staring at him in admiration as he poked the smoking raccoon carcass with a tree branch.
 “Whatever,” I hissed before looking away. I didn't think he was that special.
  The bloody scene was enough to make me nauseous, but that didn't affect Kurt, who had already pulled out a bag of potato chips and was happily munching away. Laurence on the other-hand had finally put himself to good use by patching Nina up. She was covered in scratches, but she looked mostly fine except for the blood gushing from her leg and upper arm.
 “Hey Nina do you think you'll be OK?” Asked Laurence while he wrapped her leg in a bandage.
“I'm sure it's just a scratch?” She said despite her face being screwed up in pain.
“You really shouldn't push yourself so hard, if you think it's too much you should just pull back,” said Laurence. “That’s what I always do.”
“I'll try,” she muttered. 
I stared in awe as I noticed the resemblance between Nina and my sister. Her face was identical with the same small nose and large eyes. She had even tied her hair up in a ponytail the same way as Sis. Nina stared at the bandages, poked the wound hesitantly, and winced at the pain. Up until now I'd only seen glances of her around school, so I decided that it was time to finally walk over and introduce myself.
“Are you OK?” I asked. I didn't know her back then, but her resemblance to Sis was enough to make me feel concerned.
“Yes, I'm fine,” she said with a hint of annoyance. Nina must have assumed I was one of the others, because she looked up and appeared shocked to see me staring back at her.
“You're that guy the others were talking about right? Michael Matsumoto? Kurt told me th-”
I didn't get to hear what she said next because Tyson suddenly yanked me away by my shirt collar.
“You!” Tyson said. He held me up so that we were face to face. “Should not be here.” 
His stare was cold and serious, and I was certain that I had escaped death by raccoon only to face my end at the hands of Tyson Song. “But you took the photo's right?” He asked.
“Yes,” I wheezed through his death grip. “Yes, I did.”
 I handed him the phone and he dropped me instantly and was by Kurt's side in a fraction of a second. Tyson's hand was sliding across the screen at the speed of light and it was like I didn't exist anymore. 
 “Check out this one Kurt! This is definitely one for the wall,” he said.
It didn't appear like anything could distract him, and the only time Tyson took a break was to throw his pole over the Annie and order her to begin cleaning up.
I rubbed my neck and felt relieved that I had escaped another brush with death. 
Annie had begun dismantling the weapons and placing them back into a large duffel bag. It looked like a lot of work, so I decided helping her was the least I could do after she defended my life. 
 “Hey Annie!” I called out.
“Michael, you shouldn't have come here, you could have gotten hurt,” she said without looking up from the weapons she was packing.
Annie was right, but all I felt back then was joy that a girl was concerned for me. “Hey, I'm sorry, but you did a great job protecting me. Let me help you with that.”
I picked up a rod and attempted to dismantle it before I realized I didn't know what I was doing, so I handed it back to Annie. I peered into the duffel bag to see what else was there. My second reason for helping out was because I wanted to check out their exorcist gear. I was hoping they kept all their mystical weapons in the bag for special occasions, but it was packed full of arrows and strips of paper no bigger than envelopes. 
“Do you use this stuff for exorcisms?” I asked.
“Sort of,” she said while brushing her hair behind her ear. “These are paper charms that we use for fighting the monsters.”
They were all decorated with different calligraphy which I couldn't understand. I picked up a charm and brought it closer to my face for a better look. I squinted and attempted to decipher the characters, but before I knew it the charm suddenly caught fire. I quickly threw it away in shock like a kid playing with matches for the first time, but I soon picked up another one and squinted, only to watch as it burned from top to bottom. I thought it was a magic trick worth showing Sophie.
 “Wow! This is awesome, the paper just caught fire by itself. Where can you buy this stuff?” I asked. 
I turned to interrogate Annie about the magic paper, but her eyes were wide and her mouth was open in awe. 
“Michael, that's amazing,” she said.
“Really?” I asked. Her sudden awe was puzzling, and I thought that maybe I could have unintentionally used the power of my mind to make it burn. I attempted to do the same thing to the grass near my feet, but there was no result.
Before I knew it Tyson was also leaning over my shoulder. “Hey Michael, are you sure you've never done any training to be an exorcist before?”
“No,” I said.
“That's odd, normally it doesn't do that unless you know what you're doing. Especially not to normal people. Are you sure you're not related to the Matsumotos?” He stared at me skeptically. “But you don't look anything like the pictures of the other Michael.”
 I felt ecstatic.” Does this mean that I also have amazing exorcist powers?”
“Maybe,” said Tyson. “Or Annie made a mistake when she was writing the charms, we once had a batch that constantly let off smoke.”
“Hey! My calligraphy is perfect,” protested Annie.
“Hey! Hey! Do you think that you could teach me some cool exorcist tricks, like that thing where you send out a giant lightning bolt?” I asked naively.
“Ha!” Laughed Kurt. “That's a good one.”
“I don't know,” said Tyson, “things didn't end well with the last guy who begged us to join. We thought it would be fun to teach him how to be an exorcist, but we spent a week cleaning him up off the pavement. The worst part was breaking it to his parents.”
I stood there with my mouth open in horror, and I would have never guessed that Tyson was messing with me until Annie began punching him in the arm. 
“Stop making up stories,” she said. “You're full of it! You're always moaning about how you wish there were more of us out here. ”
“Hey!” He said while fending off her assault. “We have to talk to Akito, it's not up to me!”
“But it wouldn't hurt to have another person right?” She asked.
“Annie,” I said with my eyes wide open in admiration. Too bad that vouching for me only led to her lying in a pool of her own blood. 
 “He'll probably just get in our way,” muttered Isaac.
“You aren't serious are you Annie?” Katie asked. “Since when do they let guys like this in?”
“But he's the adopted son of Able Matsumoto so that must count for something. If we train him up, he might turn out to be pretty good. It wouldn't be bad to have a guy called Michael Matsumoto on our side, right guys?”
She turned to the others. I don't know if she expected them to cheer in support, but they just stared at her blankly. Laurence opened his mouth, and looked like he was going to say something encouraging, before a glare from Kurt silenced him. I sighed and returned to helping Annie pack so that no one would see my face turning red from embarrassment. I thought that was going to be the end of my exorcist career, but it was only the beginning.

 
 Chapter 7

“So who is this Akito guy?”
The place known as headquarters was a temple located on a mountain outside of town. It appeared to have been remodeled several times, and was a mix of an old Japanese house with modern extensions (such as a kitchen and bathroom) protruding out in all directions. There was a long verandah, a small Japanese garden, an archery range at the back, and another field which was used for training. There was also a large rock which I named the rock of death, but I'll tell you more about it later. Headquarters wasn't far away from the place where I watched them take down the raccoon. The path was littered with crumbling statues, and there was even a large worn out shrine gate. I thought it was a cool location until I realized one painful thing. Stairs. My exasperated mind began to count them as we began the never ending assent. One hundred and one, one hundred and two, one hundred and three, one hundred and four.
 Laurence (to my great dismay) walked beside me like he was floating on air. “Akito is kind of like our baby sitter, he's the one who's been assigned to look over our training,” he said with his high pitched voice which I was slowly becoming accustomed to.
“What's he like?” I asked.
“He's pretty anal about stuff,” said Kurt. “Like curfew and training, but other than that, he's pretty slack. He's not a scary guy, so I don't think there's anything to worry about. He might agree to let you join, maybe.”
“I wouldn't give your hopes up,” said Tyson. 
“Hey!” I protested. It was a pretty harsh thing to say, and it sounded more like something that would come out of Isaac's mouth. 
“Well, look at it this way,” Tyson explained. “How many exorcists began training when they were fifteen years old? I'm not trying to be mean, I'm only laying down the facts.”
“But what about Nina's brother?” Annie asked.
“That was different,” said Tyson. “He already did some training when he was younger, so it was easier for him to pick things up. Right Nina?” He turned to Nina, who was hobbling up the stairs below us. Her leg may have survived the raccoon attack, but it still looked painful to walk on.
Nina was off in her own world (she did this sometimes) and didn't hear him. Her head was down and she was glaring at the steps below her like her mind was somewhere else. 
“Hey Nina!” Yelled Tyson.
Nina suddenly snapped back to reality and stared up at us blankly. “I'm sorry, did you say something?”
“What do you think Nina?” Asked Tyson while pointing at me. “Do you think this guy can make it as an exorcist?” 
Nina stared at me, but didn't say anything. I could tell from the look on her face that she didn't have high expectations, but was too polite to say so. Maybe she was thinking of how I spent the battle clinging to Annie. 
 I swore under my breath and turned my attention back to the giant assent before me. The end was finally in sight, but I prayed that I wasn't killing myself on those stairs only to have my hopes crushed when I reached the top. 
As I explained to you at the beginning, Akito was the guy who would eventually become my teacher, and then attempts to kill me once the fox monster had us cornered. I'm still not certain if he's trying to prevent me from running, or if he intends to do the deed himself, but either way, he's not my favorite person right now. Things would have been a lot simpler if I had given up and turned around that afternoon, but I continued to put one foot in front of the other until I found myself walking through the threshold of headquarters. 
 Just as Kurt said, Akito didn't appear to be a scary guy (he never did until he decided to back stab me). He was a few years older than Sis, with cropped black hair and a few wrinkles around the eyes. He didn't look happy to see, but he didn't look angry either. He politely guided me into the main room and sat there patiently while he listened to the story of why I wanted to be an exorcist. I thought it wouldn’t be a good idea to tell him that I wanted to join so that I could skip math, so I made up some great stuff about wanting to help people and save the world from giant raccoons. I think I had him fooled, but I could have sworn that I heard muffled laughter from the next room.
“I see, so you're Able Matsumoto's adopted son,” Akito nodded. “It's been a few years since I've seen anyone from the Matsumoto family here.”
He then brought out a bunch of paper charms, and made me set them on fire, much like I'd done a few hours ago. He raised an eyebrow in surprise, but other than that his face didn't give much emotion away. The whole meeting went rather well, and I would have never suspected that he intended to give me up as fox food. 
“You seem to show quite a bit of potential,” said Akito. “So I'm willing to let you undergo training if you promise to abide by the rules, and do everything you're told.”
I nodded and agreed to everything, even though I was busy daydreaming about monsters and no longer listening. I was just overjoyed that Akito had agreed to take me on without a fight. I thought becoming an exorcist was hard, but it suddenly seemed like a walk in the park. Or so I thought.  

* * *

Akito talked to the principal so everyone at school thought I was volunteering for community service. I decided to try out my new privileges by arriving at class ten minutes late. As expected my homeroom teacher frowned, but didn't say anything.
“Dude, what was that? He didn't scold you at all,” hissed Fred as I took my seat.
I put my hands behind my head and leaned back in my chair. “Community service,” I said with a wink.
“What community service? I was told there weren't any spaces left.”
“Sorry,” I said. “They were short one person, and our homeroom teacher thought it would be a good way for me to atone for all my sleeping in class.” 
To tell the truth, my homeroom teacher wasn't happy about my sudden induction into the community service club. He said that I was now academically doomed, and my chances of getting into a good university were slim.
I felt bad for lying to Fred. He seemed like the sort of guy who'd get a kick out of spoon feeding elderly people.
“Sorry,” I said. “I'll tell you if there are any openings.”
“OK,” he nodded.
The first class was physical education. P.E was my favorite subject because it didn't have homework.  We all went down to the guy and started changing into our sports clothes in the locker room. Fred used this opportunity to start telling me about the girl he liked. Her name was Mary, or Mandy, or something starting with an M. I didn't pay much attention to our fellow classmates, so I couldn't remember her face.
“Do you think I should ask her?” He whispered so that only I could hear. “But I don't know if she'd like a guy like me. What if I tell her, and then she spends the rest of high school avoiding me?” He asked.
“Just do it man, if you leave things the way they are, nothing will ever change,” I advised.
Despite my initial expectations Fred was a pretty cool guy. We ate lunch together every day (fortunately there was no repeat of the Hello Kitty incident) and he lived close to my house. I knew he wasn't an exorcist, but I was also trying to show Annie that I was a popular guy with loads of friends. Fred was a good friend who never screwed me over (unlike a certain someone) so I hope he doesn't get too upset once I'm gone. He was always pretty nerdy, so I'm not sure if he's capable of making new friends, and I'd hate for him to spend the rest of high school alone.
I pulled off my shirt and searched my bag for my gym clothes. Fred was contemplating all the terrible things that could happen if his confession failed, but he suddenly yelled. “What the hell happened to your back!”
I stretched and attempted to see what was there (like a post it note saying kick me) when I realized he was talking about my scars.  There was a spider web of scarring that extended from below my neck to my lower back. It looked like I was attacked, or impaled by glass, or got into a car accident, or one of the hundred different ways that people get hurt. Because it's my own back, I couldn't see them, so I often forgot they were there. It wasn't until I took off my shirt and people began freaking out, that I suddenly remembered my old injury.
Sis once told me that it was probably a wound from the same accident which killed my parents.
 A few of the other guys were also looking over due to Fred's outburst.
“Wow, that's a nasty dude,” said one guy.
“Were you in a gang during middle school?!” Yelled a guy from behind me.
I quickly pulled out my gym shirt and slid it on. “I was in an accident as a kid,” I muttered.
“An accident? It looks like someone took a knife and attempted to carve your back up,” said Fred. 
“Maybe,” for all I knew he could probably be right.
I realized that Isaac was also staring, but when our eyes met he quickly looked away.
We played basketball in gym class. I wasn't particularly good at sports, but I wasn't bad either. To me Isaac seemed like a die hard nerd, so I expected him to be bad at basketball. Against my expectations, he was quite athletic (it was probably all the exorcist training) and he almost fell to the ground laughing when the ball hit me in the face. I was disappointed. Just once I wanted to see him struggle at something so that I could point and laugh. 


Chapter 8


As it turns out, becoming an exorcist wasn't as exciting as I expected. Akito said that I was nowhere near ready to face a real monster, so I would have to spend some time studying about different monsters and learning simple skills.  
On the first day Akito took me on a field trip to the museum. The aim was to rock my world and show me everything I'd ever known was a lie. Those were his words, not mine.
“Monsters have existed since ancient times and have since spread themselves out to all corners of the globe. They take on animal form and hide themselves within nature, feeding on human kind wherever they go,” he said as we walked through the ancient history room. “But if you look closely, there's much historical evidence of their existence which has been overlooked for centuries,” he pointed to a picture of an ancient cave painting. “Take this picture for example.” 
“Cave drawings?” I questioned.
“This is more than just an ordinary cave painting, this picture depicts large cat monsters in their transformed state. The men you see on the left are some of the first exorcists attempting to exorcise them with the use of primitive anti-monster weapons.”
“Are you sure?” I asked while squinting at the picture. To me it just looked like a bunch of men hunting bears with spears.
“And this one,” he indicated to a small stone statue behind a glass case.
“An Aztec goddess of oceans, rivers, birth, and the patron of women in labor,” I said while reading the small name plate below it.
“No, a monster,” Akito replied.
“And this Australian Aboriginal painting?” I asked.
“Clearly an early record of a monster infestation.”
Akito then proceeded to lead me around the room criticizing half the artifacts and how humanity had misinterpreted them. After an hour I finally began to catch on to what he was talking about.
“I get it now! So this stuffed wombat is also a monster,” I said. “I always thought these guys were weird.”
“No, that's just a wombat Michael.”
  The museum attendant followed us everywhere we went and stared at Akito oddly like he was crazy. It made me realize why the man at reception gritted his teeth as soon as he saw Akito enter the foyer.
 
* * *

Once we got back, Akito laid out a calligraphy set and a large stack of paper. I recognized them as being similar to the ones saw in Annie's bag.
“What sets exorcists apart from regular people is our ability to use spiritual energy. This energy can be channeled through special charms and used in the fight against monsters,” he took a sheet from the pile and wrote some illegible symbols with the calligraphy brush. 
“By using different combinations of calligraphy you can create charms with different physical effects such as fire, water, and paralysis. They can also be arranged in combinations that create larger effects, such as barriers or sealing charms.” He put down the brush, picked up the paper, and waved it in the air a few times to help the paint dry. “I will now demonstrate.”
Akito held the charm between two fingers and closed his eyes. He appeared to be in some sort of deep meditation. Suddenly the paper became damp and began to drip water. Within half a minute it completely disintegrated. It wasn't as cool as the one which caught fire, but it still looked pretty awesome.
 I sat there completely transfixed. “Wow! Can you teach me how to do that?”
“Well, that’s the point of you being here.”
I was expecting that we'd play around with the cool charms. Maybe even go out and throw them at some monsters, but I spent the afternoon practicing calligraphy on sheets of paper while Akito continued to lecture me.
“As effective as exorcist charms are, they need to hit the target before the charm is spent. Sometimes you may need to utilize weapons like arrows to make sure it hits the enemy in time. The strength of the charm depends on how much spiritual energy you use, but the stronger the charm the faster it burns out.”
“But when I watched Isaac he was chanting something, and then this giant ball of lightning came out of nowhere.”
“That's the more advanced form, there's no need to get ahead of ourselves.”
Every time I finished, Akito would glance at my paper, twitch his lip, and then command me to practice another hundred times. I tried making the paper catch fire, but nothing happened. Apparently the charm was only effective when you used a special type of paper which Akito wouldn't let me touch until my writing was perfect.
It wasn't just calligraphy practice. The rest of my time was dedicated to monster research. Akito gave me various topics and I had to research them and read my results out loud. I felt like I was presenting news to the emperor.
“Michael, name the four monster levels,” Akito commanded.
I sighed and looked down at my piece of paper where I’d hastily written some notes. 
“Monsters can be divided into different levels based on their strength, and danger to humanity. Level four consists of harmless monsters who pose no threat to humanity. Level three monsters are capable of human speech and often trick people for fun. Level two monsters can change their form into more dangerous monsters, sometimes growing ten times their normal size. Level two monsters also attack and devourer animals and humans.”
I paused to make sure that I hadn't made any mistakes. Akito nodded, so I kept going.
“Level one consists of monsters that are capable of human form and coexistence with humans. They are especially dangerous because they're capable of tricking people for money, or luring them away to be eaten. Level S,” I paused because this level really freaked me out. “Is a new level created to distinguish the most dangerous monsters that were previously in Level one, such as the fox monster. Level S monsters should be treated with up most caution, and be avoided if possible. One should not engage with a Level S unless there is no other option.”
I exhaled and thought I was done for the day, but Akito also gave me little quizzes such as what’s the weakness of a cat monster? How can you tell a snake monster from regular animals? And what element is most effective against wolves? 
I thought becoming an exorcist was my escape route from school, but I soon realized that I had agreed to subject myself to a different type of hell.
 One day I arrived at headquarters only to find a large set of books awaiting me. Akito was using them as an elbow rest as he flipped through the morning paper.
“Your next assignment is to write a two thousand word report on raccoon monsters,” he said without taking his eyes off the page.
I felt like screaming. I chose my words carefully to try and suppress my rage. 
“Ok,” I said through gritted teeth. “I'll just type it when I get home.”
“No, hand write it, people these days rely too much on computers,” Akito said while handing me a giant stack of paper.
“But my spelling is bad. I use the computer to help me spell.”
He handed me a paper dictionary.
I tried to protest once in the first week, but Akito just shrugged his shoulders and said “well if you don't want to do the work, then there's no need to be here.” 
I spent a good hour contemplating quitting, but after Tyson arrived home and showed me the pictures of his latest monster adventure, there really wasn't any choice.
The only advantage to all the study was that I got to spend a lot of time with Nina. She was often in the library researching, or practicing archery outside. Apparently her injury was worse than she was letting on, and Akito ordered her to rest for the next month. She gave me small tours around headquarters, and showed me the library and how to search for different materials.
“Raccoon monsters huh?” She said after I told her the torment that Akito was subjecting me to. “There should be a book somewhere around here,” she brushed her fingers over the titles, much like how Grandpa had when I was a child. She found what she was looking for and handed it to me.
“This one has most of what you need to know, it's one of Akito's favorites so you have to be careful.”
“Wow, you sure know a lot about these books,” I said in awe.
“No, not really, Akito made us all write the same assignment when we were in elementary school.”
It didn't surprise me that Akito was forcing me to do things the others had completed as children, but it ruled out plagiarizing their work. 
I often heard Akito chewing Nina out about her progress, and encouraging her to work harder. I once caught sight of them in deep conversation in the hall. Nina's face was stony and emotionless, like she was doing her best to suppress the urge to cry.
 “You really need to start training harder, you're beginning to fall behind the others,” said Akito.
“Yes, I know,” said Nina while staring at the floor.
“I don't mean to sound mean, but this is for your sake more than anyone else. I don't want to send you home to your parents in a body bag.”
I once asked Tyson about Nina. He told me that Nina had the skills, but lacked the heart for killing things. She was a decent person, and even consoled me when I felt like pushing Akito off the side of a mountain.
“He's not trying to be mean,” she said. “He's just pushing you to learn faster. I'm sure he just wants you to be a good exorcist.”
“Yeah, maybe,” I muttered. I didn't want to admit that the torment Akito inflicted on me was actually for my own benefit.
 I'm not one of those guys who date multiple women, but I was considering Nina in case Annie didn't work out. She may have been two years older than me and resembled my sister (which was slightly creepy) but I could live with that.
While I was researching monsters, I also spent some time investigating my older brother. He was pretty famous amongst the exorcists, and even had his own book in the library. I scanned my finger down his long list of achievements until it finally came to an end by the hands of the fox monster. He was twenty six when he died, which meant his death must have happened about fourteen or fifteen years ago. I wasn't certain if I was even alive at the time. I sighed, shut the book, and placed it neatly back on the shelf. I pulled out another and began my composition on cat monsters, without any idea that all my research would amount to nothing.
I should have spent less time studying monsters and more time reading up on other exorcists. Maybe then I would have realized that over half of them died before their thirtieth birthday.
 
Chapter 9

I thought I would have to hide my new secret identity from my family (just like they do in comic books), but Sis ratted out fast. I forgot I was dealing with the daughter of Able Matsumoto.
“What's this? Sealing charms, why do you have sealing charms in your bag?” She waved the paper in my face before she dived her hand into my backpack for another look. “And what's this? An encyclopedia of monsters! Have you,” she paused for breath, “been exorcising?”
I wasn't sure how I could save myself. 
“Maybe, perhaps,” I stuttered. “I met some kids at school who are exorcists and they let me join their club.”
“What do you mean they let you join their club? Since when has there ever been an exorcist club at high school?”
“You know. The one they have after school, at school, where you learn about mystical stuff which doesn't exist, because there's no such thing as monsters.” 
I thought I'd done a great job at saving myself, but Sis was not fooled.
“Do you take me for an idiot? I know what this is! It even has property of south headquarters printed on the cover. Is this where you've been spending all your time after school?”
“Yes. Maybe. I could have been there. Once or twice.”
“What were you thinking?”
“Come on Sis, please! Please let me be an exorcist. They're all so cool and get to fight monsters,” I decided to omit the part about skipping school. “You always said I should do more after school activities.”
“When I said after school activities, I meant basketball or soccer. You didn't even think to consult me before running off to join the exorcists.”
“Come on Sis, it's really not that dangerous, I don't even have to fight anything until I complete training.”
“There's not going to be any completion of training.”
“But it could be useful in the future. What would we do if we were suddenly attacked by a monster? We wouldn't be able to defend ourselves, would we? But if I learnt how to be an exorcist-”
 “Forget it!” She snapped. 
“Why?” I pouted.
“I don't think you understand what being an exorcist really means. This isn't some computer game or cartoon, you could actually die.”
“I know that!”
“No you don't! Do you have any idea how many friends and family members I lost to monsters for just being exorcists?”
“I know, I know. I promise to be extra careful. I won't fight any monsters until I'm ready,” and because Akito wasn't going to let me. “If I see a monster that looks even remotely scary, I promise to run far far away.”
“The answer is still no.”
“Please Sis.”
“You're not going there ever again, and that's my final word!”
In the end it was impossible to sway her decision. I really wish I'd listened to my sister because she was right in the end. I discovered that even Steve knew about monsters (Sis had probably told him) and claimed to have seen one in real life. 
“I was once walking home with your sister,” he said. “We were going through the park when a strange animal emerged from the bushes and glared at us. It had blood red rabid eyes, and the biggest teeth I ever saw.”
“That was a rabbit,” Sis corrected.
She continued to be mad at me for the entire evening, and even threw my lunch box at my head the following morning.
I finally gave in and yelled “fine, I won't be an exorcist! I won't go anywhere near them if you'll just be nice to me again!” 

***

Despite my sister's protest, I decided to ignore her and still go to headquarters the following afternoon. It was my first observation and I wasn't going to miss the chance to see a monster again. I was still slightly afraid, but I was also hoping that it would be as big and scary as the last one. Maybe they would even let me have some shots in.  
  The other exorcists and I gathered in front of the shrine as Akito lectured us on exorcist safety. The others stared at him with spaced out eyes, and I assumed they'd been subjected to the same lecture a million times before. Tyson had his head down, and I assumed he was seriously contemplating Akito's words until I noticed he was just playing on his cell phone. 
When Akito pulled out a charm and began meditating, I began to wonder if he had tricked me into thinking we were going to have fun.
“What is that?” I hissed at Tyson.
“It's a location charm,” he said. “It begins to glow when there's a monster nearby, but Kurt's been working on a way to stop it from working so that we don't have to go out on Sundays.”
“But it's already glowing,” I said as I noticed the faint glow that the paper was omitting.
“That's because we're all here, exorcists gain their spiritual powers through a deal our ancestors made with monsters, so all of us have a little monster blood.”
Monster blood? I thought in shock. No one had told me that before. I never realized that I was part monster.
“Hey, Tyson, does that mean that any one of us could go crazy and start eating people?” I looked around nervously. Kurt certainly looked like he would eat someone if he got hungry enough.
“Don't be ridiculous,” Tyson hissed. “It's barely anything, just enough to channel into the charms.”
“Oh,” I felt relieved.
Akito then proceeded to walk around the perimeter searching for any hint of a monster nearby. I followed behind to see if the paper would really glow brighter, and for some reason Laurence also decided to accompany me.
“It could be hours before we find anything,” said Laurence. “Most of our time is taken up by searching for monsters, sometimes we don't find anything until five or six in the morning.”
“What!” I yelled. Laurence had the tendency to over exaggerate everything so I looked at Kurt to confirm if it was true, he nodded.  
 Akito did a few more laps of the perimeter until he finally announced that he’d found a trace.
“This way!” He commanded.
We spent half an hour climbing over the mountain until we finally located a small raccoon monster. Akito told me the town was full of them and they were currently in the middle of fighting off a raccoon invasion.
Akito stood beside me and attempted to explain what was happening, but he spent most of his time yelling out commands to the others.
“Watch your form Nina!”
“Stop taking pictures and pay attention Tyson! No Annie will not take them for you!”
“Stop standing there Laurence! Do something. Put up a barrier!”
“Good job Isaac!”
Much like what I saw the previous day, the others fought it off until Isaac hit the raccoon with a lighting charm and it was reduced to a smoldering pile of ashes.
 I asked Tyson what their strategy was, only to be told “it's simple, we steer the monster in a certain direction and then Isaac does all the work.”
“Hey, I'm not certain that's really fair,” muttered Isaac.
“Shut up you,” said Tyson. “Who was the one who said they didn't like getting close to monsters?”
“Yeah, but,” Isaac suddenly went silent. It was the first time I'd seen him unable to think up a witty retort. I decided to celebrate the occasion by laughing at him until Akito whacked me over the head.
 “This isn't something to laugh about!” Akito scolded. “You all still have a long way to go!”

* * *

The sun was setting by the time we finally made it back to headquarters. Akito spent a good half hour lecturing the others on their mistakes, so none of them were particularly happy.  Akito was only there for my sake, so it wasn't hard for them to conclude that it was all my fault, and I was given the cold shoulder all the way back to headquarters. Tyson also spent the trip grumbling about all the perfect photo opportunities he'd missed.
“Did you see that guy's teeth Kurt,” said Tyson. “We're never going to find one like that again!”
“Well, if it weren't for a certain someone,” muttered Isaac. I wasn't sure why he was angry at me, because Akito spent at least ten minutes praising Isaac, and used him as an example to the others. They should have all been angry at him for being such a show off.
Laurence was the only one who was still talking to me. Probably because the guy wasn't capable of holding a grudge. It could have also been because he didn't have many friends, and the others were often angry at him too. Maybe it was because he didn't have any tact.  
“You might suck now,” said Laurence. “But if you train really hard for the next ten years I'm sure you'll make a great exorcist.”
“Thanks Laurence,” I said while trying not to feel any worse.
“Beat you to the top dumb arse!” Kurt yelled. He punched Laurence in the ribs as he ran past, and then took off out of sight. 
I expected Laurence to follow (maybe even scream out his own declaration of war) but he remained standing next to me and rubbed his side which must have been in pain. Kurt seemed quite charismatic and helpful. We had gotten along well until then, but his sudden actions reminded me of his bad side. I had seen Kurt bully Laurence on several occasions, like punching him, or telling Laurence to shut up. It was painful to watch and Laurence never did anything.
“I don't get it, why do you let that guy treat you like that?” I asked.
“It's OK,” said Laurence while forcing a smile. “Kurt's not a bad guy. “He just feels frustrated about his current circumstances and is taking his anger out on me.”
“Oh, I see, I hadn't thought about that before.”
“At least that's what my mother keeps telling me,” said Laurence.
I frowned. It didn't seem like a good way to treat anyone. I really liked Kurt and he seemed like a good friend, but I also thought of Laurence the same way, and watching him being treated like that was slightly mortifying. 
“But you should really try and stand up for yourself more,” I advised.
“It's fine, just forget about it,” said Laurence. “So if your adopted father passed away when you were small, who do you live with now?” He asked.
“With my sister-” I suddenly stopped because of the horror which stood before me.
Standing at the base of the stairs was my sister. She was leaning against the stair banister and her arms were crossed. You could tell from her eyes that she was mad. I wanted to turn and run, but unless I ran away from home, I would eventually have to face her. I attempted to dive behind Tyson and hide, but I had already been spotted.
“Mikey!” She yelled out to me.
I suddenly realized how stupid I'd been. Sis was from an exorcist family so of course she would know where to find headquarters. My fantasy of living a secret double life was crushed. I was about to open my mouth to beg for mercy until an equally shocked Akito interrupted me.
“Katrina?” He asked.
Sis squinted at him like she was unsure of his identity. “Akito?”
I raised my eyebrow in surprise, but it didn't take a genius to figure out that Sis and Akito were already acquainted.
“Yes, it has been a long time hasn't it,” said Akito nervously. “You look so much more.... Mature.”
“Mature? Akito, what’s that supposed to-” her voiced died in her throat when she caught sight of Katie, Nina, and the weapons they were holding. “So girls are allowed to join now!?”
Akito looked at the ground and coughed.” Yes, we became low on numbers after,” he paused. “You know.”
I was hoping that Akito would provide the opportunity I needed to escape, but Sis was far too angry to forget about me that easily. 
“Mikey what are you doing here, didn't I tell you not to hang out with these people.”
“Well, I,” I tried to come up with a good excuse. I got a part-time job carrying their bags, sounded good, but I had promised not to go near the exorcists again.
“Someone's in trouble,” said Katie in a sing song voice. 
“Ha! Mikey,” Tyson laughed. “Good luck.”
“Come on, let's go home now,” Sis reached out to grab me, but Akito suddenly moved in between us. 
“Look, I can see you're upset,” said Akito. “But maybe we can take a moment to discus-”
“That's very kind of you Akito,” she snapped. “But I don't think Mikey is suitable for the organization.”
“But on the contrary, I believe that Michael can be an important member in our fight against monsters.”
“Really? An important member like my brother and all those other friends of yours who bragged about becoming exorcists, but were then shredded to pieces and left to die in pools of their own blood!”
“There's no need to be so dramatic Katrina, things have chang-”
“Mikey, is not going to be an exorcist!” She reached out, grabbed my arm, and began to pull me away. I thought this was the end of my exorcist career until Akito grabbed my other arm and began to pull back. 
“Katrina can you please just wait a moment?”
“We're going!”
“Can we please just discuss this like adults?”
“There's nothing to talk about!”
 What followed was a tug of war match between Sis and Akito with me in the middle. Instead of breaking up the fight like responsible individuals, the others stood around and cheered.
“Come on Akito, you're not seriously going to lose to a girl are you!” Yelled Tyson.
The others must have been angry at Akito for chewing them out because they began cheering for Sis.
“Go Michael’s sister!”
“You can take him!”
“Go for the knees, Akito's weak spot is his knees!”
“Mikey's only fifteen!” Yelled Sis. “He has his whole life ahead of him!”
“Nothing bad is going to happen Katrina!”
 I felt honored that Akito suddenly had so much faith in me, but the pain in both my arms was overwhelming and I couldn't take it anymore. 
“STOP STOP!” I yelled. “My arm hurts!”
It was enough to make them both let go. I let out a sigh of relief and rubbed my wrist where Sis had gripped on like her life depended on it. “Geez Sis that really hurt,” I muttered.
My sister's anger suddenly evaporated and I could see the regret begin to surface on her face. “I'm sorry,” she muttered. 
I felt terrible for making her look like that, but then I realized I could use her guilt to my advantage.  “What's the harm in just letting me train to be an exorcist?” I said while trying to put on my best sad face.
She chewed her lip and looked like she was going to protest, but I slouched my arm and tried to pretend I was in pain. “Ow, my shoulder, I think you might have pulled something.”
“Mikey,” she sighed. She hung her head and looked exhausted. “How about this? I'll stay and talk to Akito if you'll just go home now.”
“OK,” I nodded. I pretended to limp off into the direction of home, until I remembered that my legs weren't supposed to be damaged and I quickly stopped.
I felt bad for seeing that look on her face, but those feelings were quickly erased by the prospect of Akito convincing her to let me join. 
“Exorcist, exorcist,” I hummed to myself as I made my way home. I was blissfully unaware that I had just refused my last opportunity to distance myself from the exorcists and the fox monster.

* * * 

Akito's chat with Sis worked wonders because she finally agreed to let me undergo training to become an exorcist. She still didn't look pleased about it, and spent over half an hour lecturing me on the hardships of being an exorcist in an attempt to make me quit.
“You have to train for hours every day,” she lectured.
“I know.”
“Even in winter. Sometimes they make you stand outside until your toes freeze.”
“I'll bring a blanket.”
“You have to practice throwing paper charms until your fingers bleed from all the paper cuts.”
“I'll wear gloves.”
“My father was forced to retire after he was almost killed by an S-level monster.”
“I know Sis, I know.”
The worse thing was that ever since my sister made an appearance at headquarters, they all began calling me Mikey. It was like a curse. I was terrified that they'd use it at school and I'd be called Mikey no matter where I went. People would forget that I even had a name. 
I'm certain if Sis has her way, Mikey might be the only thing engraved on my headstone.

Chapter 10
 
My happiest memories of becoming an exorcist were when I would study so late, that Sis agreed to let me spend the night at headquarters. I was so excited. It was like the cool kids had finally allowed me into their clubhouse.
“Wow, it's just like a sleepover,” I said.
“I don't see what's so exciting about it,” said Kurt before promptly laying down and passing out.
Tyson on the other hand was full of energy. As I already mentioned, Isaac was dead set against becoming an exorcist, and the others didn't appear that enthusiastic either. Tyson was probably the only one who thought it was fun. He had collected photos from every monster they'd beaten, and proudly pinned them all to his bedroom wall. I thought it was an awesome idea until I realized Sis would murder me if I stuck pins into her house.
“Behold! My ultimate monster collection,” he proclaimed as soon as I rolled my sleeping bag out onto his floor.
“Wow,” I rushed to the far wall and rapidly gazed over the images like they could disappear at any moment. Cat people, raccoon monsters, and talking rabbits all stared back at me from the paper. He had even done various poses and peace signs in front of the carcasses.
“I found one of you Mikey,” he said  while pointing to the far corner.
I brought my face closer to the photo to see half my body protruding out from behind a giant raccoon monster. He must have taken it before Akito confiscated his camera.
“This is amazing,” I said in awe. I turned to see that Tyson had whipped out a powder brush and was proudly dusting his photos.
“Isn't it,” he said. “I think it's important to have a record of our efforts, but I'm not sure if Akito likes it.”
“Why?” I asked.
He shrugged. “Because Akito is just Akito, that's all there is to it.”
“No, no good,” came the voice of Laurence. I turned to find him trying to squeeze his mattress into the only free space left in the room.
“I don't get it, why are you guys all squished in here?” I felt bad for taking up space, I attempted to move my sleeping bag over so that he'd have enough room to lie down.
“Isaac gets his own room because he needs to concentrate on his studies,” said Laurence. “And Nina and Katie fight all the time, so they need to sleep in separate rooms.”
  Isaac must have heard us because he took the opportunity to poke his head in and look around the room. “Hey, can you keep it down,” said Isaac. “I'm trying to study.”
“Oh yeah, sure,” Tyson turned to me. “Shut up Michael.”
“That dick Isaac,” I muttered while punching my pillow. I could remember hating him so much back then. Isaac was chilling out in his own personal room while the rest of us were crammed in like sardines. Laurence wasn't kidding when he told me that Kurt farted all night, and Kurt suddenly let off one so stinky that I had to flee to the hallway. 
Annie's room was across the hall. She had the sliding door open and I could see her bent over the desk, staring at a textbook while taking notes. A large pair of black glasses which obscured most of her face were resting across her brim. The lenses looked thick, so maybe she wore contacts during the day. I couldn't help but think that she looked better with glasses.  
“Wow Annie,” I said. “I didn't know you wore glasses, you look so smart.”
She jumped in surprise and looked up to see me standing in the doorway. “Oh, Michael, you startled me.”
“I'm sorry.”
Annie removed her glasses and began rubbing her eyes. “But they're really troublesome for exorcising, and they make my nose look big.”
“Nah, they're great, you look awesome!”
“Thanks,” she smiled. 
I heard a cough. I peered down the hall to see Isaac with his head out the door glaring daggers at me. 
“Don't you have your own room to go to?” He hissed.
I gritted my teeth. It was like the guy was on a mission to ruin my fun. “Geez,” I muttered. Every time I attempted to have a conversation with Annie, Isaac would always sneak up behind us and start fake coughing, or make up errands that she suddenly needed to run. I went back to my room and returned to punching my pillow. I couldn't punch Isaac in real life (because he was a fit exorcist genius) so the pillow would have to do. 
Apparently I wasn't the only one tired of his attitude, and within a few minutes I could also hear Annie's voice down the hall. All the walls in the house were pretty thin, so it wasn't difficult to hear them.
“Isaac. I don't know what's up with you, but don't you think your treatment towards Michael is a bit excessive? This isn't like you.”
“I just don't think you should hang out with that guy,” said Isaac. “Just look at him. He's a complete idiot. How could you live with the Matsumotos and know nothing about monsters.”
“But he could learn a lot from you if you just gave him a chance.”
“It's a waste of time. He's stupid, unreliable, obviously trapped in his own fantasy worl-”
“Hey, I can hear you!” I yelled.
Annie dropped her voice to a whisper. Normal people probably wouldn't be able to hear unless they had excellent hearing like me.
“I know this isn't just about not going to the school you wanted, maybe you're jealous bu-”
“Me, jealous? Why would I be jealous of Michael Matsu-moron?”
“Things are going to change now that we're in high school, things aren't always going to be the same as when we were kid-” She was suddenly cut off by the sliding door slamming.
“Isaac!” Annie yelled. “Don't shut me out like this! When are you going to accept change?” I heard her feet stomping back up the hall. “Idiot Isaac!” She shouted.  
“Welcome to headquarters,” muttered Tyson. “And this is a quiet evening.”
I turned to ask Laurence if it was true, but he already had his earphones in and was peacefully listening to music. He obviously had the right idea. Despite the commotion I felt overjoyed that Annie was mad at Isaac. I hoped her rage towards him would continue on forever (it didn't), and eventually give me the opportunity to ask her out. 
“Idiot Isaac,” I giggled. It sounded like a fantastic nickname.
I attempted to use the bathroom before turning in for the night, but the door was already locked, so I had no choice but to endure and go to bed.
I was too preoccupied by humming idiot Isaac repeatedly to myself to look where I was going, and I almost bawled face first into Nina. She was dressed for bed in a pair of pink pajamas and her hair was neatly tied back into a bun. She was carrying a hair dryer and an armful of moisturizers and creams.
“Watch it,” she muttered.
 I opened my mouth to apologize, but I suddenly noticed she had bleached her hair blonde. It looked pretty good, and I assumed she got the idea from Katie. 
“Wow Nina, when did you bleach your hair?”
Her eyes narrowed into a death glare. “I'm not Nina,” she replied darkly. 
I wanted to ask if she was having an identity crisis when I suddenly realized that I was talking to Katie without any make up or hair accessories. 
“Wow, sorr-” I attempted to apologize, but she shoved me out of the way before I could finish, and stormed off down the hall towards the bathroom.
“So moody,” I muttered to myself. I rubbed my shoulder from where she shoved me and returned to the bedroom. Tyson was sorting through his latest stack of pictures.
“Hey, has it ever struck you that Katie looks like Nina without all the make up on?” I asked.
“Of course they do, they're cousins after all,” he replied.
“Really?” I'd never considered it.
“I don't know why you look so surprised. Most of us are all distantly related. Didn't Akito already give you the big speech about inheritance and our ancestors receiving blood from the great what's-his-name monster.”
“No, but tell me more.”
“Most of it's all a bunch of crap-”
He was suddenly interrupted by the sound of yelling from the hallway. 
Tyson sighed. “And so it starts.”
“You've been in there for an hour, just get out already!” Screeched Katie.
“Not this again,” moaned Kurt. He reached for a pillow and stuck it over his head.
 What followed was at least ten minutes of screaming and insults (which I don't feel comfortable repeating) directed mostly at each others personal appearances, and Katie insisting that Nina was so ugly that there was nothing she could do in the bathroom to fix it.
“Cut it out!” Yelled Isaac from his room.
Even Tyson looked annoyed. He huffed and slid all his photos into the desk drawer. “Those two used to get along well when they were children, but recently they've been intolerable.”
“Maybe it's because of a certain someone!” Yelled Annie from her room.
“Annie! Isn't it past your bed time?” Tyson yelled back.
“What do I look like, five!”
“I don't know, sometimes I really can't tell the difference!”
“Can everyone please just shut up!” Yelled Isaac. “I have a math test tomorrow!”
I peered out the door just in time to see Nina emerge from the bathroom. Her face was covered in green goo and she was brandishing a hair dryer in one hand. She threw it, aiming for Katie's head, but luckily Katie ducked in time and it went through the wall. I stared in horror, unable to move or say anything. Although Nina wasn't as skilled at exorcising as the others, her aim became dead on when she was mad enough. I really hope those skills kick in if the fox monster steps over my dead carcass and comes gunning towards her.

Chapter 11 

Nothing eventful happened until a few weeks later when I arrived at homeroom one Monday to find that my classmate, Collin Harris, had attracted a large group of students. He was sitting on top of his desk while everyone else crowded around. On Friday he was just another quiet nobody, but today everyone was looking up at him like he was the messiah. I was puzzled how a boring guy like him could pull in such a crowd, so I approached Fred for the answers.
“What's going on here?” I asked.
“Just go over and listen,” said Fred without taking his eyes off his cell phone game.
“I was walking home late last night,” said Collin in a hushed voice. “You know, after soccer practice and stuff. The moon was really bright, and the streets were dead, dead as a graveyard. The wind blew through the trees, creating an eerie noise which was like," he paused. "Ghosts calling out to me from beyond the grave. I walked quickly, trying to get home faster. My shoes echoed on the pavement like this,” he did an impression of stamping. “Everything was fine, fine I tell you, until I suddenly saw someone else in the distance strolling towards me. His hair was bleached blonde and he was clad in a leather jacket and sunglasses. There was also some sort of tattoo on his face. He looked pretty sketchy, so I guess he may have been in a gang. I panicked and dived behind a nearby garden fence. I decided the best thing to do was to wait until he passed by. The grass was cold and wet, but I refused to move until that shady guy was out of sight.” Collin paused, the classroom was dead silent and we all waited for him to continue. “It looked like he was going to walk by, but as soon as he reached my fence he stopped. I was afraid he'd seen me, so I peered through to see what he was doing. I was prepared to run for help, but that was when it happened.”
“When what happened?” Asked someone from the crowd.
Collin took a deep breath. “Hair grew from his face, his figure bent and shrunk until he was standing on all fours. He shed his clothes and howled at the moon,” Collin raised his hands for dramatic purposes. “And before I knew it, he had transformed, into a werewolf!”
A few of my classmates jumped back in shock. One of the girls screamed and had to be consoled by a nearby friend who wasn't too happy. 
“Don't be ridiculous, you're making it up,” she said.
“Yeah! Who would believe such a stupid story,” said a guy in the front row. “It is just a story right?”
“I swear that it really happened,” protested Collin. “I was there, I saw everything. It's still out there even as we speak.”
“His story gets better every time he tells it,” said Fred. “The first time wasn't nearly this exciting.”
“Did you hear that?” I exclaimed. “For all we know there could be rabid werewolves running around town. Aren't you worried?”
“He's just trying to get attention,” Fred suddenly gritted his teeth and his fingers stopped punching his cell phone screen. “Damn, I lost my game.”
Annie was also standing off to the side, she gave a small nod to Isaac and he got out of his chair and left the classroom. I had a feeling he'd left to find Tyson. Maybe werewolf extermination was one of their many exorcist skills.
It was difficult to concentrate for the rest of the class when there was a werewolf invasion on the horizon. What if Collin’s mysterious wolf bit one person, who then bit another person, who then bit another ten people? Before long the whole town could be infested.
I attempted to find Tyson during lunch, but unfortunately he had just discovered that the girl he liked, Sarah Wilson, had been flirting with most of the school's male population. He was lying down on the bench in the courtyard and was obviously wallowing in misery. He was surrounded by his fellow third year classmates who were attempting to console him.
“Sarah. Why, why, why,” Tyson moaned. “That university student, the electrician, and even Melvin Dung.”
“It's not so bad man, you didn't know, the rest of us only just found out too,” said one of his friends.
“There are plenty of girls out there. What about that first year you always hang around with?” Added another. “The cute one with the short hair and pigtails.”
“That's my sister!!”
I eventually found Kurt at the back of the sports shed with a group of friends. 
Kurt and I had been getting along quite well, and I often hung out with his group of friends at break time. His posse and I didn't hit it off at first (they were tall, large, intimidating, and one of them even had a beard), but I thought they were cool, despite their habit of pushing the first years around. The only small snag in our friendship was when the guy with the beard attempted to extort me for my lunch money without realizing that Kurt was my friend. 
The advantage of being friends with Kurt’s group was that no one tried to mess with me anymore. There was once a stage where it looked like the Michael Matsu-Morton nickname might spread like wildfire, but luckily hanging out with Kurt's group helped put a stop to it.
“Hey Michael,” called the guy with the beard. “What's up?”
“Hey..You,” I said. I always called him the guy with the beard in my head so I couldn’t remember his real name. “I just wanted to ask Kurt something.”
“Hmmm,” said Kurt. He was halfway through munching on a bread bun. 
I knew it was probably best to ask later when we were alone, but there was only two minutes left of break time. I could not take another hour of dealing with werewolf anxiety (the term I invented to describe my current feelings), and Kurt's friends were pretty cool, so I decided to just say it.
“One of my classmates was almost attacked by a rabid werewolf, and soon the entire town could be in the mist of a werewolf infestation.”
“Wow, that's intense bro,” said one of Kurt's friends, a pale guy who attached bro to the end of every sentence, “someone should really do something about that bro.”
“Ha, Ha,” laughed Kurt nervously. “He's so funny, isn't he?” Kurt quickly grabbed my arm and pulled me aside. “We'll talk about it at home later,” he hissed before pushing me back out into the yard. I spent the rest of the day anxiously biting my nails until school was over and we could finally go to headquarters.

Chapter 12

“It's not a werewolf,” said Akito. We were all gathered before him in the front room. All of us were anxiously sitting floor (or in Tyson's case, lying on his back) as we waited for Akito's verdict.
I felt a sense of relief wash over me. “At least there's no longer any need to worry about a werewolf infestation right?” I asked.
“It's worse,” said Akito.
“Oh, I knew it was too good to be true,” I muttered.
“Wolves are high level monsters who are capable of transforming into human form,” said Akito. “It's no difficult task for them to trick humans, lure them back to their lair, and then eat them alive.”
“But you don't have to worry about them sneaking up on you and ripping your heart out right?” I asked.
“No,” said Kurt in a spooky voice. “They eat the body whole.”
“Eh,” I felt a cold shiver run down my body.
“Are you really sure it's them?” Asked Tyson. “What if this first year was just making the whole thing up, didn't we already go through this with the big foot scare?”
“I'm not spending another week searching the city for nothing,” added Katie. “My skin became so dry last time.”
“Always you and your skin,” I heard Nina mutter under her breath. Katie mustn't have heard, because they would have both been arguing too loudly for me to hear what Akito had to say next.
My teacher continued. “There's been a string of violent attacks in a nearby city that I've been following for weeks. Muggings, shop windows, smaller monsters suddenly leaving the area. These are all signs of a wolf gang presence.”
Kurt raised his hand. “Hey Akito! When you made me write that composition on wolf monsters, the textbook said that the organization made a truce with them not to attack humans.”
 “Hmm,” nodded Akito. “That was true when I was your age, but things have changed. Ever since the old pack leader died the truce has been rendered invalid, and most of the wolves now run around doing as they please.”
“Err,” Kurt ground his teeth. He looked irritated that he’d been force to write a report which was a lie.
The look on his face was enough to make me laugh until Akito turned around and said. “That reminds me, I think I've found the subject for your next composition Michael.”
I began to imagine what Akito would look like if he was stabbed with a thousand pins, and I began to consider making my own Akito voodoo doll.
“That's why we need to treat this with up most caution,” said Akito. “We don't know their intentions. They could be after fun, money, or aiming for new territory. The organization even assigned a special task force to combat this insurgency. They requested that we don't make a move until their agent arrives. Until then we will scour the town and try to discover their location, but we are forbidden from doing anymore, understood?”
“Looks like another sleepless night,” sighed Annie. 
“What are you talking about, there's no way you're going,” said Tyson. “She's not seriously going right Akito? This looks dangerous and stuff, and if Annie dies my parents are going to kill me.”
“But I hunt monsters all the time!” Annie protested.
“These aren't low level monster,” said Tyson. “We're dealing with level one now!”
“Annie's going its part of her training,” said Akito.
“Ah hah!” Annie stuck her tongue out at her brother. 
Tyson scowled. “Isaac, it's your job to look after Annie!” He snapped.
I asked if I could also join in the hunt for the wolf monsters but Akito only laughed. It was the first time that I'd ever seen him laugh. He then directed me straight to the library and made me start reading up on wolf monsters.
I skimmed through the pages while spending every moment wishing that I was outside with the others. 
I was beginning to feel disheartened with the whole exorcist thing. Everyone had made it out to seem dangerous and exciting, but until now I hadn't done anything other than read books. 
I decided to build a fort out of the library books to kill time while the others were gone. I did a pretty good job, but then the encyclopedia of 100 cute but deadly monsters wasn't as stable as it seemed and the whole thing came crashing down. I realized while picking up the pieces that the answer to all my problems had been sitting in front of me all along.
It was simple. I would use the information from the books to go find the wolf monsters on my own. I grabbed the closest volume, and flipped through the pages until I found what I was looking for.
 It was as Akito claimed. They were apparently very dangerous monsters who many exorcists had died attempting to defeat. The book must have been old because it claimed that all wolves served under one pack leader, who once had our entire area under his control.  Akito did say that he was dead now, so even all powerful monsters had to die eventually.
Of course I had no plans to fight them. I didn't want to be eaten alive but if I managed to locate them and tell the others, then they would finally take my skills seriously and allow me to go on more exorcisms.
I picked up the rest of the books and shoved them randomly back on the shelves. I collected my book on wolves and readied myself for my first ever monster hunt. Looking back on it now it was comical how eager I was to find a dangerous level one monster, especially after the terrible situation I got myself into.
* * *

I searched the obvious spots listed in the textbook. Caves, empty houses, and I even hung outside a bar in case someone suspicious emerged. I tried to be extra cautious not to run into the others as well. If our paths crossed, I was planning to tell them that I was out on my evening jog.
 “Hmm, if I was a wolf monster, where would I be?” I asked myself. I tried to get my mind into the zone like Tyson had once advised me. I had attempted it before with cat, raccoon, and pry-mantas, but I'd failed up until now and apparently wolves weren't any different. After searching the town for at least three hours I still had nothing.
	I was beginning to wish I had brought a detector charm along to help me, but I never imagined it would be so difficult to find a monster. My ordinary and mundane classmate had managed it after all. 
“That's it! The school!” I said to myself. If Collin had seen a wolf monster on his way home, it meant they had to be hiding out somewhere near his commute to school. I began jogging in the direction of my high school with a renewed sense of hope. I felt like I was a master exorcist stalking his prey. I was ready to take down monsters and free the world from evil.
I was still only halfway to school when I spotted a house which caught my attention. The plot of land was bigger than the houses beside it, and it was surrounded by overgrown trees which blocked out the sun. The grass was overgrown, but the house was still in good condition, so I assumed the owner was just a lousy gardener.
I couldn't help thinking that if I were a man eating monster, this was where I would want to hide. All I had to do was knock on the door and confirm that the people behind it were human.
I ran my fingers over the wooden fence nervously. I was suddenly unsure if I wanted to plunge headfirst into a potential monster infestation. 
As eager as I was, I still had no experience when it came to eliminating monsters, and the only charm I knew wasn't any more useful than a candle. I was beginning to doubt my plan, and I decided it was best to call it a day and go home. I continued staring at the house with no idea what to do. If I had just returned straight home instead of lingering to mull over my inner torment, things wouldn't have ended so badly.
“Hey kid, what are you doing?”
A gruff voice made me jump. I spun around to see a short stocky man carrying a pair of hedge trimmers over his shoulder. He must have been the house owner who had finally given in and decided to tame the garden.  
He must have thought I appeared suspicious and looked me up and down. “What are you doing here kid?” He asked.
“I..I,” I stuttered. I wasn't sure how to voice my intentions in a way that wouldn't sound strange, so I just bowed by head and attempted to quickly walk away.
“Hey kid wait up,” he put his arm in front of me to prevent me from fleeing. “I suppose you'll do.”
I was about to ask what he was talking about before I felt a sudden pain in the right side of my head, and everything went black. 

Chapter 13

Cling. 
Cling.
Cling.
Cling.
Was the first sound that reached my ears when I finally forced back into consciousness. It sounded like someone was repetitively throwing coins on the ground, and it reminded me of the time I dropped all my change as a child, and I could do nothing more but watch as my pocket money rolled into the drain.
Cling.
Cling. 
Cling. 
Cling. 
It continued until all of a sudden the noise finally came to a halt. I became aware that my head was throbbing, but as hard as I tried, I couldn't remember why. Had I fallen? Had someone hit me? I could remember staring anxiously at a large house amongst the trees, but after that everything became hazy. I had a feeling I'd been talking to someone, but I couldn't remember who. A face didn't come to mind.
 I moaned and cracked my eyes open, but everything was a blur. The room was pitch black so a few hours must have passed since I remembered being conscious. Indistinguishable shadows moved around the room before me. 
One of the blurry shadows spoke.” Have you found anything over there?” It asked.
“Sorry boss,” replied another.
“What are we dealing with, an orphan?” Said the first shadow. “This is why I told you not to target children.”
“Oi! He looks like he's coming to!” Yelled someone I couldn't see.
Slowly everything swirled and came into focus. I was sitting in what appeared to be a living room. The only light was from a TV in the corner which cast a blue glow around the room. It was playing some sort of game show, but no one was watching except for a large dog lying on the carpet before it.
There was a banging sound in the corner, and I turned to see a short stocky guy (who I instantly recognized as the man I met outside) going through a duffel bag. He was throwing its content all over the room. Books, pencils, and gym clothes all went flying. I was wondering who the poor sucker was who got his bag stolen until I realized it was my own. I attempted to dash over and save my belongings, but it was only then that I realized my hands had been tightly bound behind my back. I tried my best to set them free, but they had been strapped together with tape.
“Hey you, human child,” said another guy who I suddenly noticed was standing before me. It was hard to see his face in the darkness, but he was waving what looked like my wallet in my face.  “What is this, no credit cards, nothing of value, only seven dollars?  How poor are you?” He asked.
“I'm in high school, I don't have a credit card,” I moaned.
“Students,” he spat. He dropped the wallet to the ground and kicked it.
“That last girl had a credit card, the one with the fancy socks,” said the short stocky guy. “We partied for a week, do you still remember that boss.”
“I wasn't talking to you,” he hissed. 
I was now conscious enough to get a good look at his face. His hair was bleached blonde, and half his face was covered in a spider tattoo. I spent a good minute wondering what terrible deeds I'd ever done to deserve this sort of mugging, before I came to the terrible realization that I was standing face to face with Collin Harris's werewolf.
 I felt the bottom drop out of my stomach and I had to suppress the urge to faint. I hadn't just been kidnapped by anyone. I had been kidnapped by a gang of murderous wolf monsters!
“What about your parents brat?” The man with the tattoo continued. “Do they have money? Maybe we can hold you hostage?”
 “No,” my voice began shaking. “They don't, sir.”
He stared at me skeptically. “You don't look like you're lying. If your stupid parents had money you'd be better dressed and wouldn't be carrying around this sad excuse for a cell phone,” he picked my cell phone up off the ground and waved it in my face.
“I didn't think people still owned this hunk of crap, there's no touch screen or internet, what do you use this for? Self defense?” For dramatic purposes he through it at the dog who let out a scream of pain.
“Watch it,” said the dog.
I stared in shock. “That dog, it talked, it seriously talked,” I said in awe before I could stop myself.
The tattoo man glared at the dog (who let out a small whimper), before he quickly glanced back at me and gritted his teeth. “I don't know what you're talking about, you must be imagining things,” he said in an attempt to cover up what happened. “After being knocked out your mind has begun to play funny tricks.”
“Don't lie to me, do you think I'm stupid?” I said. I must have had the sense knocked out of me because what I said next was nothing short of suicide. “I know what I just saw. I know what you are, you're all wolf monsters!” 
“What did you say little boy!” He roared.
“Nothing,” I squeaked. “The dimness of the room.” I decided to use the same lame excuse he did, “is playing tricks on your mind?”
He looked so angry that a vein almost burst out of his forehead, but luckily for me, all his rage was directed at the dog. “What have I told you about talking to the hostages in wolf form, Nao!”
“Sorry Boss,” replied the dog as he attempted to bury his way into the carpet and hide.
“Looks like we have ourselves a smart one,” sighed the tattoo man as he ran his fingers roughly through his hair. “You know too much so it's impossible to let you go now.”
“I suppose we could always eat him,” said the fat one going through my bag.
“I suppose, but I just ate,” said the tattoo man. “Are you hungry Bozu?”
“Maybe after we finish up here boss,” said the fat man. “They usually keep for a few days. Maybe we can put him away and munch on him later.”
“I could do with a snack?” Said the dog.
“Shut up! I wasn't talking to you Nao!”  The tattoo man snapped before he looked me up and down like he was judging my edibility. “I think this will do nicely, you don't look like a bad breakfast.” He reached down to pick me up, but he suddenly froze midway for a reason I couldn't explain. I looked up to see him staring at my face intensely. 
“Your face looks familiar, “he muttered. “Have I tried to kill you before?”
“No, no, I don't believe so, it's hard to forget a pack of wolf monster trying to extort you for money,” I said.
He held my chin between his fingers and turned my face from side to side. “You look a bit like that guy. Hmm,” he stopped and shrugged his shoulders. “Must be one of those strange coincidences. Now into the pantry you go!” 
The pantry was the next room which may have once been a bedroom. The bed and couch had already been shredded to pieces, and the wallpaper was ripped like someone had attempted to scratch their way to safety. There were human bones lining the floor which must have been from the original occupants, or some poor soul they dragged in. My only escape route looked to be the window which had been conveniently left open to crush my soul, because my arms and legs were too tightly bound to give me any chance of escape.
I was as manly as the next guy, but I seriously felt like crying. All I could think about was how I could do nothing if one of the wolves suddenly decided they were peckish? My life could be over within the next hour and no one would ever know what happened to me.
 I imagined nothing but my bones being thrown hazardously amongst the pile in the room, and no one would be able to tell which ones were mine. My sister would have to mourn the death of a Michael yet again, and I would never see Sophie has grown up. She would probably never remember me either, except for a few small memories like the way I remembered my grandfather. I could never hang out with my friends (who would be heartbroken and miserable about my death) again, and my classmates would definitely break down into tears and leave hordes of flowers all over my desk. My eyes began to burn and tears welled up and flowed down my face. I was certain that I was going to die and there was nothing I could do about it. 
I was in the middle of contemplating my death (which seems ridiculous now that I know I was going to live) when a shadow slipped in through the window. I thought it was the wolves come to devour me whole, until I recognized the face in the moonlight.
“Isaac!” I cried.
“Shhh, keep it down,” he hushed. “You don't want them to hear you.”
“Thank god it's you,” I whispered. “Now you can go out there and kill them all.”
“What are you? Insane?” He said. “We can't take them alone, we have to wait for the others to arrive.”  He flipped open his cell phone and began quickly pushing the buttons. “Now all we have to do is wait.” He took a break from typing to glance at my face and the tears still running down them.  “Have you been crying?” He asked.
“No,” I protested. I attempted to move my arm to wipe the tears away, but it was impossible with the binds. I was exposed in front of my nemesis and there was nothing I could do about it. I thought Isaac was going to use this opportunity to laugh and call me names, but instead he sighed and sat down against the wall.  
“They looked like they already ate their fair share tonight, so we should be safe for a while, we just need to keep our heads down and the others can deal with them when they get here,” his voice was softer than normal, and it sounded like he was attempting to be nice.
I felt baffled by his lack of obnoxiousness, but the tape binding my wrists and ankles was a bigger concern. I shuffled to try and get into a more comfortable position, but it was impossible. 
“Hey Isaac," I whispered. "Do you think that maybe you could untie me?” 
“Oh, sorry,” he said like he hadn't noticed. Isaac magically pulled a knife out of nowhere and began cutting the bonds. Maybe sudden knife pulling was another exorcist skill that Akito had passed on to the others. 
Once I was cut free I sat down against the wall, but maintained my distance to prevent any awkwardness. I stared into the darkness and attempted to ease my anxiety which was making my chest relentlessly pound. I felt better with someone else there, even if that someone was Isaac.
“It must have been scary right? Being alone with the wolves. It's alright to cry.”
“Shut up,” I hissed. 
“You don't have to be so angry. If it was me, I'd be scared too.”
 I tried to imagine how an exorcist genius like him could ever feel fear, when his phone began to flash. He flipped it and stared at the screen. “OK, they should be here soon,” he said.
“How did you find this place? Did you use the glowing paper?” I asked.
 “It wasn't hard to find," he said. "There was a giant puddle of blood outside, and the neighbors were all complaining about it.”
“Oh,” I replied. His reason seemed legitimate enough, but I couldn't help feeling that there was something odd about his tone of voice.
“Thanks,” I muttered, I didn't know what else I was supposed to say to my enemy in a situation such as this.
“If you don't mind me asking, why are you trying so hard to be an exorcist? You must have realized by now that it's not easy. If those wolves were hungry, you'd already be dead.”
“Why wouldn't you want to be an exorcist,” I smiled. “It's awesome! You get to fight monsters everyday and you don't have to go to school or do homework.”
“What are you, five?” He scoffed. “That's so childish.”
“Hey, maybe I am five, mentally.”
“I suppose that explains everything,” Isaac sighed and began tapping his fingers against his knee. “I don't know if you've realized it, but unlike you, the rest of us don't have much of a choice. We're either forced into this by our parents or the exorcist organization. All because of the families we were born into.”
“But that's not so bad, you're lucky. You can do something special that everyday people can't.”
“Maybe so, but I despise it,” he said bitterly.
“You despise it? But you're a great exorcist and everyone knows it.”
“Really, you think I'm a great exorcist?” He laughed. “This life...It's sickening. I never wanted this. I only want to keep my parents and the organization off my back. But I don't know if I can take it anymore. I can't choose where I live, where I go to school. It's like a giant trap that I can't escape. I'll probably spend the rest of my life fighting monsters until I eventually come up against one that I can't beat, and then it's the end,” he paused as though looking for the right words. “It might sound like I'm being cruel, but I want to tell you this before you get way over your head, like right now.”
I sat there and tried to process his words. So Isaac didn't want to be an exorcist after all. I always just took him for an arse without realizing that he had issues too.
“Have you ever tried to quit?” I asked.
“A few times, I even ran away once, but my parents found me. Our organization is so desperate for members to counter the growing unrest against the monsters, so they can't afford to let anyone go. That's probably another reason why they allowed you in. It would have been a different story twenty years ago. Back in the days of Michael Matsumoto it wasn't so hard to leave, but that would be impossible now.”
“I see,” I nodded. It seemed like my adopted brother was becoming more awesome with each passing day. I wasn't sure how I was ever going to match up to his reputation, and I was beginning to feel resentful. “What would you be you weren't an exorcist?” I asked.
“I don't know. Maybe a doctor, or a lawyer, or just anything which doesn't involve killing monsters. I'm going to try and get into a good university and then I'll figure the rest out. Even if my family's against it, I'm just going to go.”
“I'm sorry, things must be tough.”
“Don't be. What about you Michael, do you have any dreams for the future? If you do, you better quit trying to be an exorcist.”
“I haven't really thought about it,” I scratched my head. “To be honest, I think being an exorcist is pretty cool.”
“I thought you might say that. You sound just like Tyson.”
“Yeah, if only I'd been born into an exorcist family and trained from an early age, I could have been awesome by now!”
“Perhaps, but I'm not sure if you'd be passable even if you began training in kindergarten. You shouldn't lament over stuff like that.”
 "Hey, I'd be awesome!" I protested. "At least I think I would be," I added as an afterthought. Maybe it was impossible to change how we were born and raised, but there was still something that I could do about the future. 
“Ok, I've decided," I said while punching my fist into the air. "I'm going to train really hard from now on. I'm going to become a super awesome exorcist and get rid of tons of monsters. That way they won't need you anymore and you can go to whatever university you like."
“I don't know,” said Isaac skeptically. “A guy like you? You don't really seem like the serious type, you'd probably slack off.”
“Shut up. I'm going to become serious from now on, unbelievably serious, I don't care what anyone else thinks, and that includes you.”
“I'll believe it, when I see it,” he sighed.
“Just you watch, I'm a guy who sticks to his word.” I stared off into the darkness and tried to imagine what it would be like to be an awesome exorcist. Hopefully I could be just like my step brother and travel the country exorcising dangerous high level monsters. I'd become really fit and buff, and tons of chicks would follow me like magnets. Even if I didn't become super popular, it wouldn't be so bad if I married someone like Annie when I became old enough. I was busy daydreaming about how Annie and I would make an amazing exorcist couple, when I remembered something I'd been meaning to ask Isaac.
“Wait,” I said. “You never told me what was really going on between you and Annie?”
“I can't believe that you're still hung up on Annie, all because she was the first girl to talk to you at school.”
“Shut up, Annie and I have a deeper spiritual connection than you can ever realize! So do you like her?”
“Maybe I do, maybe I don't, but I'm not handing her over to anyone soon. You'll probably just play around and crush her self-confidence.”
“So you do like her! If you didn't, you wouldn't say such possessive shit.”
“Maybe I do, but that's my secret,” he winked.
"Liar!" I gave him a shove and Isaac almost toppled over. “Ok, I'll cut a deal with you,” I said. “If one of us doesn't survive this the other guy can have Annie.”
“Are you sure you want to do that, what's going to stop me from killing you now and taking Annie for myself?”
“But I know you won't do that, you're the type of guy who has morals and stuff.”
“Hmp, but maybe I'm just a monster in disguise,” he dropped his voice and began to make scary ghost noises, which looked pretty lame for a serious guy like him.
I punched him in the arm.” Don’t be stupid! As if a monster would want to go to high school.”
Isaac laughed “No, I don't think they could-”
He was cut off by a sudden crash outside our room. It sounded like something large breaking, and I assumed the wolf monsters had heard us fooling around and were coming to devourer us both. I grabbed onto Isaac's arm for dear life and pressed my back against the wall in an attempt to appear as small as possible. I must have gripped on pretty desperately because he hissed in pain. I prayed that this wasn't the end. I was only fifteen and there was so much I wanted to do with my life, but even if I didn't die in that grim house I was only delaying the inevitable...

Chapter 14

Bang! Crash!
 I winced at every noise outside the room and dreaded the moment when the wolves would come bursting through the door. I could see Isaac staring at the window formulating an escape plan (I wish I thought of that). He reached for his pocket to grab something, until we heard the voice of a familiar high school girl shrieking “oh no, I stepped in dog shit!”
“That sounded like Katie,” Isaac muttered.
“That's them, let's go!” I yelled.
We jumped to our feet and headed to the door. I grabbed the handle and attempted to burst through like a scene from an action movie, only to find that the door was firmly locked.
 The wolves were better prepared than I originally expected. I stood there fumbling with the door while listening to what was going down in the next room.
“EXORCISTS! IT'S THE EXORCISTS!” Came a muffled yell through the door.
“Hey! What's the time Mr. Wolf?!”
“Tyson! This isn't the time!” Yelled Akito. What followed was a series of banging and crashing noises, followed by yells of pain. It sounded like my fellow exorcists weren't having an easy time.
“Not the leg, not my leg!” I couldn't tell if it was a friend or foe crying out in pain.
“Hey! We're in here! Let us out!” I yelled as I banged on the door.
“It's useless, they can't hear you,” said Isaac. “Stand back,” he pulled out a strip of paper from his pocket. It was already painted with a small seal. He stood a meter from the door and stared at the space between it like he was calculating the distance. “Maybe a small one should be enough to do it.”
He began to mutter a chant full of words I couldn't understand. He may have said gobble boo for all I knew, but the paper began to light up brightly and spark. The same familiar ball of lightning began to emerge from the page (although smaller this time) and headed straight towards the door. Isaac must have underestimated his strength because he also took out most the wall as well.
Both our room and the next were engulfed in a cloud of dust from the explosion. I could make out faint shadows of people until the dust finally settled enough to see Akito and the rest of the exorcists armed and ready, and staring at us with their mouths wide open in shock. Laurence's constantly open and shut like he was attempting to say something, but his voice refused to work.
“Hey,” coughed Tyson through the dust. “You really like showing off don't you?”
“As expected of Isaac,” muttered Annie.
I quickly discovered that Isaac's explosion not only freed us from our imprisonment, but it also took out the wolf monster who had been standing on the other side of the wall in their process of fleeing. They had been electrocuted by the lightening, and then crushed under fragments of the wall.
Like Isaac couldn't get any cooler, the stupid jerk. I thought.
If I had been my usual antagonistic self I would have ranted about how Isaac barely did anything, but I was overwhelmingly grateful that he saved my life. I decided that it was time to give the guy a break, and I skillfully kept my mouth shut while the others re-accounted Isaac's awesomeness.
“And then we had them in the corner and suddenly boom!” Kurt yelled. 
“Way to go man,” said Tyson while nudging him in the ribs.
Laurence took a look at my head from where the wolf knocked me out. I always wondered what Laurence's purpose was in the group, but I discovered that he was the one with all the medical know-how. "My fathers a doctor," he cheerfully told me. "He was going to be an exorcist, but then a monster bit off his foot.”
My mouth was open in horror. “That's great Laurence,” I said nervously.
“Now that I think about it, he was about your age as well,” Laurence added. 
 If I wasn't already feeling traumatized enough, that was enough to cap it off. I sat there in shock contemplating how I could have lost limbs, when finally Nina took pity on me. She sat beside me and inspected the damage as Laurence wrapped me up.
“Are you sure you're alright?” She asked kindly.
“Yes,” I did my best to appear like I was suffering. “I almost died several times tonight, and my head may be in unimaginable pain, but I feel that I will live through this.”
 I think I did an excellent job of gaining her sympathy. I think if Isaac ever snagged Annie, at least I would have had Nina as a back up.
Tyson on the other hand was being his usual self. He was supposed to be helping Akito unearth the debris around the wolf carcasses, but he was yet again engrossed in his cell phone.
“Damn it was so dark in there, none of my pictures turned out well,” he moaned.
Katie looked disgusted.” Why do you want photos of decaying wolf carcasses?”
“It's not just that, it's a record of all our achievements Katie.”
“Records,” she muttered. “You just want a new profile picture.”
“Tyson, can you please help me move this!” Interrupted a grumpy Akito as he moved another chunk of the wall.
“Oh, yeah, just a moment,” said Tyson as he continued to play with the screen. They were all quite skilled at ignoring Akito. 
Akito was having difficulty with a section of the wall, so Laurence, Isaac and I went to assist him. Akito also attempted to make Katie help, but she claimed the dust would make her outfit dirty. The debris was still hot from Isaac's lightning charm and it almost burnt my fingers. With all our efforts combined we finally managed to clear everything and unveil two smoking wolf carcasses.
“Finally, that's the end of it,” puffed an exasperated Akito. “Looks like we don't have to worry about anymore wolves for a while.”
“Hey Akito, is there another one around here somewhere?” I asked while looking around the room. I may have been bashed in the head, but I was certain I'd seen three of them.
“This is it,” said Isaac. “We already cleared everything else.”
“No this isn't right, there was a third one, I'm certain of it,” I said. The bodies were charred so I didn't know if it was the dog, the stocky guy, or the man with the tattoo, but I knew enough to tell that one of them was definitely missing.
“Are you absolutely certain?” Akito asked.
“Yes, one hundred percent,” I nodded.
“Looks like we have more work to do!” He yelled to someone over his shoulder.
I was puzzled who he was addressing until I followed his line of vision and noticed one extra person (who I had never seen before) smoking a cigarette in the doorway. He looked about Akito's age, but taller. His head was shaved, his clothes were slightly frayed and he didn't look like he'd shaved for a few days. Little did I know that I was staring at my soon to be idol.
“Hey who's that guy?” I pointed without bothering to be subtle.
The corner of Akito's mouth winced. “Michael, this is Sean Lopez, he's the agent assigned by the organization to deal with wolf demons. Luckily he arrived just in time to come help save you.” There was nothing menacing about what Akito said, but I sensed some bitterness in his tone.
Sean dropped his cigarette and tread on it to extinguish the flame. He walked over and reached out to shake my hand.
 “So you're the Michael Matsumoto who everyone's been talking about,” he said.
“I suppose,” I said as we shook hands.
 People were talking about me? Did that mean I was already becoming famous in the exorcist world? I thought hopefully.
 “It's nice to see how passionate you are about exorcising, but you still have a while to go until you’re up to the level of the more famous Michael Matsumoto,” he reached out and ruffled my hair like I was a little kid.
“Hey, I have skills,” I said while brushing his hand away. “I found that pack of wolves ages before any of you did.”
“And then they almost ate you,” said Isaac.
“Yeah, but I had a plan, I could take them.”
“You were tied up and you were crying.”
“Isaac you arse!” I took off a shoe and attempted to throw it at him, but it missed and Isaac went laughing out the door and into the distance.” Idiot Isaac!” I screamed after him.
Sean stood there and laughed. “Looks like some things never change.”
Akito crossed his arms and watched as I continued to yell out insults at Isaac who was now hiding behind the garden fence. “Unfortunately not,” he said.
 Sean let out an exhausted sigh and went to pick up his bags which were resting in the doorway. “I best be off then, don't want that other one to get away,” he said.
“By all means don't let me keep you,” said Akito.
 “This job can be such a pain in the neck. Traveling across the country, engaging in life and death battles with monsters, but I suppose someone has to do it.”
“I can only imagine,” replied Akito sarcastically. 
“Hey,” said Tyson as he looked up from the wolf carcass he was taking snapshots of. “You're not leaving now are you Sean?”
“You should at least stay over,” said Annie. “We haven't seen you in ages.”
“Annie,” said Akito. “Sean's now an important member of the organization, he can't just laze around headquarters in his free time anymore.”
“Laze around?” Sean muttered and shook his head. “Aki's right kids, there are things I have to do.” 
“I see, so that's the way things are now,” said Tyson
“Someone thinks they're too good to hang out with a bunch of trainees now that they've become Mr. Super member,” said Kurt
“You used to be cool,” said Annie
“This sucks. What happened to the Sean who used to tell us awesome stories?” Asked Kurt.
“And give us training tips!” Added Laurence
“He's finally become a boring old man like Akito,” said Tyson.
The last one must have struck a cord with Sean because he suddenly dropped all his bags. “Look, guess what,” he said while dramatically staring out the door at something we couldn't see. “It looks like he's already made a clear run, so I might as well rest up until morning.”
 Akito narrowed his brow. “But didn't you say you had to catch this guy before you lost the lead?”
“It can wait,” Sean shrugged. “He's probably gone running straight into Monster village anyway.”
Monster Village? That was a word I'd never heard before. “Monster Village? Akito what's Monster Village?” I asked.
“That's a good idea, it can be the subject of your next compo-”
“Forget it! I don't want to know! I don't ever want to write another one of those ever again!” I yelled.
 I thought the wolf corpses, the room of bones, and our forensic evidence would be a problem when the police arrived, but Sean decided to solve that problem by torching the house. He sent us all home while he stayed to finish the job. I wasn't aware that burning stuff was part of the exorcist job description, but I was learning new things everyday. 
I kind of wished I stayed to watch. One, because I always wanted to see a house burn down, and two, because I wouldn't have had to listen to Akito's grouching the whole way back.
“Travels the wide open road. Engaging in life and death battles every day? Half the funds I raise are probably spent on that guy's hotel fees,” Akito muttered under his breath. “It's so hard being a top class exorcist,” he said in an attempt to mimic Sean's gruff tone.
“What's going on with Akito?” I hissed to Kurt.
“Beats me?” He shrugged. “Isn't he always like this?” 
“My brother told me that Akito and Sean trained here together,” whispered Nina. “Akito was always the more serious one, but Sean got promoted and Akito was assigned to training the new people.”
“Oh,” said Tyson. “That kind of explains why he's always so anal.”
Unfortunately Akito heard that comment. “Tyson!” He yelled.
Akito's mood only worsened once Sean (smelling of smoke) walked through the door. Sean spent the evening telling us tales of his monster hunting exploits, while Akito sat in a corner drinking something out of a dark glass. Even Sean himself failed to persuade Akito to lighten up.
“Come on Aki, stop being such a grump and join us,” he said.
“No thank you, I'm fine where I am,” said Akito while taking another sip out of his glass. 
Sean shrugged (he was probably used to it) and continued telling us tales of his previous wolf exorcisms.
“And from that point on I was known as Sean the wolf slayer!” He exclaimed.
 He even did dramatic re-enactments of all the monsters he had killed with the use of his Sean Chop. Also known as the S-Chop for short. 
“It's nothing more than a small lightning charm attached to a rubber glove,” corrected Akito. “Any child could have come up with that, but for some reason all the higher ups thought it was amazing.”
“Ok, Akito, it's time for you to go to sleep now,” said Tyson while shouldering him to his office. Tyson slid open the office cupboard to unveil that it was actually a wardrobe with a futon neatly folded up in the corner. Not only did Akito spend all his time studying there, low and behold he actually slept there as well. I stood there laughing at Akito's intoxicated state. Completely unaware that I was standing in the last room I would ever see.

* * *

I was awoken the next morning by the sound of pots crashing, and a panicked cry of “oh shit! Not again! Not again!” Accompanied by the sound of running water.
“No Katie, Nina stop fighting,” moaned Tyson before rolling over in his sleep. 
I rolled out of my futon and went to investigate before I knew what I was doing. I yawned loudly and staggered down the halls towards the kitchen in my half asleep state.
I stared vaguely through the door with half open-eyes, and wondered who the strange burglar was, until I realized it was Sean. 
He was running his wrist under running water, and I soon noticed his jacket sleeve was black and charred. Apparently, despite being a top class exorcist Sean still hadn't mastered how to use the gas stove. 
He looked up as I entered. “Ah, Michael right?”
“What are you doing, it's like four in the morning?” I groaned.
 “Omelet,” he replied. He grabbed a fry pan off the stove and motioned for me to sit down at the table. I sat there staring at the wood pattern and almost fell asleep again, until he shoved a plate full of something yellow before me. “Here have some,” he said.
He handed me a fork and I was prepared to dig in until I noticed the shells protruding out from the omelet.  
“No thank you,” I said while staring at it hesitantly. “I think I'll pass for now.”
“Suit yourself,” he said before raising his fork and taking a mouthful.
I watched with a morbid fascination and wondered if he enjoyed consuming egg shells or he just didn't notice. I was about to ask if eating shells was the secret to becoming a top class exorcist before Sean interrupted my thoughts.
“So you're the adopted kid of old man Matsumoto,” he said between bites. “That old man was as hard as nails, it must have been tough right?”
“No, not really,” I replied. I didn't know what he was talking about, Grandpa was so relaxed and easy-going.  
 “So who do you live with now?”
“My sister,” I yawned.
“Your sister? So you still have other relatives?”
“She's my adopted sister.”
“Adopted Sister? Wait, you can't be talking about Katrina?”
“Yeah,” I nodded.
“Katrina!?” He almost choked on his egg. “No shit, you've shacked up with her? Is it true that she got married to a four eyed businessman and even has a kid?!”
 “Hey! Isn't that a bit mean,” I hated it when people insulted my family.
“Wow, sorry,” he said apprehensively as he took his final bite and wiped his mouth with his sleeve. “That's just stupid me shooting my mouth off, but who would have thought Katrina would become a docile housewife. I remember I once flipped her skirt only to get hit by one of the fastest fire charms I ever saw. It took weeks for my eyebrows to grow back.”
“Wait,” I wasn't sure if what he said was true or I had begun falling asleep. “Are you saying that Sis also trained to be an exorcist?”
 “Not so much trained, but with Able Matsumoto for a father and Michael for a brother, it was inevitable that she'd pick things up. It was all self-taught of course. Girls back then couldn't join, but that didn't stop her. She would have certainly given these girls a run for their money.”
“Wow, Sis never told me anything about that,” I said.
 I suddenly realized that Sis had known secret exorcist techniques all along, and she'd never thought of letting me in on any of them. I felt cheated.
“I suppose she wouldn't. I thought she'd be first in line once they changed the rules, but I think Michael’s death hit her hard. I never saw her again after the funeral. She was supposed to marry Akito as well, but that didn't work out either.”
“What?” His final words caught my attention. I was certain I'd heard Sis, Akito, and marriage all within the same sentence. “Sis was going to marry Akito?”
Sean's eyes suddenly bulged out, and I saw a look of terror flash across his face. “Nothing,” he said while waving his hands around like they could erase his previous words. “Just forget that I said anything.”
“Did you say marriage?” I was up on the table and virtually ready to strangle the truth from his neck, before Sean grabbed his plate and dashed to place it in the sink
“No, of course not,” he said while avoiding eye contact. “Don't be stupid, as if that would ever happen. You must have misheard me.”
I stared at him skeptically as he avoided looking at me. Sean seemed like he was hiding something, but I didn't yet have the energy to further question him. The table suddenly looked very inviting, and I rested my head against it and watched Sean washing dishes as the sunrise began creeping through the window. 
I must have fallen asleep again, because the next thing I knew I was being shaken awake by Sean, who had changed his clothes and strapped a large pack to his back. 
“Hey Michael,” he said while shaking my shoulders. “It's been fun, but I have to get going.”
I rubbed my eyes and intended to say something like see you later, but in my half asleep state it came out as, “Seeruuhhhh.”
“Here's my card,” he said while placing something on the table. “Call me if you hear anything about the wolf monsters, or if they try to kidnap you again.”
I slowly picked it up and squinted at the inscription “Sean Lopez, monster slayer and killer of all things unknown,” I managed to mutter out loud.
“I always wanted to write vampire slayer on there as well, but I suppose I can't do that until I meet a real one,” he shrugged. “But you never know.”
“Hey Sean,” I wanted to ask if vampires were also real, but Sean was already walking out the door.
“Take care Michael, don't get yourself kidnapped anytime soon!” He waved before disappearing from sight.
Isaac walked into the kitchen half an hour later to find me still staring at the card in awe. I turned it back and forth in the morning sunlight while searching for any hidden secrets. 
“Did Sean leave already?” He yawned as he placed bread into the toaster. 
“That guy was so cool,” I muttered.  I got up and looked through the window, but he was already gone. It's too bad that Sean didn't stick around. He was a useful ally who could have protected us when the fox monster attacked.


Chapter 15


I had taken to carrying Sean's card around to help motivate me with my training. It was also a good reminder of the promise I made to Isaac about becoming an awesome exorcist. I felt like I should have been more loyal to Akito (because he was my teacher and spent his free time trying to force stuff into my head) but Sean never attempted to kill me.
School was a lot more exciting once Isaac was my friend. Fred would often join us, but in that situation we couldn't talk about exorcist stuff. I got to learn a lot more about Isaac and Annie that way, and I found out they'd been friends since elementary school. I had plans to invite them all over to my house, mainly so that I could introduce Annie to her future in-laws, but we all know that won't be possible anymore.
I had to tone down the incident with the wolves when I told Sis. If I had told her the truth she would have pulled me out of school and made us all leave town. Luckily I broke it to her when she was doing chores, and obviously distracted by how much powder she needed to put in the washing machine. I know that I often complain about Sis, but she was my best friend. I could tell her almost anything, but obviously not the stuff which was going to get me into trouble. 
I told her about school and the girl I liked in my class. I told her about my rival for love, Isaac, and how he was better at school, exorcising, and how I would never stand a chance of gaining the affections of Annie.
In return she usually told me about the horrible deaths her brother's friends suffered, in an attempt to make me quit exorcising.
“And then there was Allen who used to go to BBQs with us every summer. He thought he could take on a pry-mantas monster single-handed. All they managed to recover was a hand,” she said while happily pulling clothes out of the drier. 
I felt the blood run from my face. I stared at the apple in my hand (which I suddenly didn't want to eat anymore) and placed it neatly back in the fruit bowl. I decided to change the subject before she began recounting more gruesome stories.
 “Hey Sis, I know this girl there who kind of looks like you,” I said. “Maybe you've met her before. Her name is Nina.” I've been thinking a lot about her recently, and I always meant to tell Sis that I found someone who looked just like her.
“Nina, huh,” my sister said. “I think I remember one of my aunts having a child with that name. Is her last name Evens?”
“I think so,” I remember seeing Evens stitched onto her school backpack,
“She's probably a cousin of mine, my mother had a sister who married a guy called Evens.” 
Sis didn't talk much about her mother. Grandpa and Grandma separated while Sis was in high school. After Grandpa died, Grandma used the money from his will to move to Europe. We still received postcards occasionally. Personally, I thought the money from Grandpa could have been used for better purposes, mainly me.
“Lots of exorcists are related in one way or another, so it's not odd that we look alike,” she added. “I used to go over there all the time before my brother died. Those kids that you hang around with now, I probably knew their parents or older siblings.”
“So you used to go over there a lot right?” 
It reminded me of the conversation I had that morning with Sean. I spent most of the evening mulling over how to best ask Sis without getting him into trouble. I was certain I had it down to the perfect wording which would not cause suspicion.
“So Sis,” I said while leaning over the couch and attempting to appear casual. “You and Akito, was there ever any, you know, action going on between you in the past?”
Sis instantly dropped her basket of laundry in the middle of the floor. Clothes flew everywhere. 
“Who told you that?” She screamed. “It was Akito wasn't it, I'm going to wring his scrawny little-”
“No, no, calm down Sis. It wasn't Akito, he didn't say anything!”
“Alright then, who was it? Who told you? Have you been snooping around? Was it Sean Lopez?”
“No, no. It wasn't Sean,” I said while waving my arms in the air much like Sean had done a few days before. “It's just that you, and Akito. I sense this chemistry between you, which could stem from an unresolved relationship in your past,” despite making it all up off the top of my head it sounded pretty smart to me.
“It was Sean wasn't it. That greasy little playboy never knew how to keep his trap shut!”
“No, no, please forget I said anything!” 
Sean seemed like a cool guy and I felt bad for selling him out. I was hoping he would teach me some cool new exorcist tricks which he couldn't do if he was dead. I began to help pick the laundry up, but when I turned around Sis was already at the table writing out charms. 
“Yes, let's see how he fares with women once I burn his eyebrows off,” she said dangerously as the brush glided across the paper. “No, I should just take a patch out of the middle, let's see what the Sean chop can do against that,” she then began manically laughing.
I felt terror run down my spine, and I wasn't certain if the woman before me was even my sister anymore. She seemed a lot happier when she was planning Sean Lopez's downfall. 
“Hey, hey Sis?” I asked nervously, but she was too consumed with revenge to respond.
I decided it was time to escape. I didn't want to know what other terrible plans she had in mind for my new idol. I felt bad for Sean (and his eyebrows) but it was already too late and there was nothing I could do. I was halfway up the stairs when Sis called out to me.
“Mikey!” She yelled from the kitchen. “I suppose I should just tell you the truth before your imagination runs wild and you start making up ridiculous stories!”
“Ridiculous stories,” I scoffed. “Since when do I make up ridiculous stories?”
I returned to the kitchen and watched Sis place the charm neatly on the refrigerator and return to folding the laundry. I sat there waiting in anticipation for at least a minute before Sis opened her mouth.
“Akito and I were originally arranged to get married,” she said.
“Really? You and Akito?” 
I tried to imagine coming down to breakfast every morning to see Akito sitting at the table. Akito going with us on vacation. Akito helping me with my homework. Akito probably forcing me to study every day. Actually, it was pretty horrible to imagine and I had to stop myself.
“My mother arranged it when we were kids,” Sis continued. “Women weren't allowed to be exorcists back then, so my job as the daughter in an exorcist family was to help join them to another family and mass produce sons.”
“That sucks. So why didn't it happen?”
“Because I met a guy I liked in high school.”
“I see, it must have been Steve right?” I could see no other reason why Sis would go against such an important marriage.
“No Tom.”
Tom, I'd never heard of any guy called Tom before. “Tom? Who is this Tom person?” I asked.
“My boyfriend in high school, he was tall and strong, and had a tattoo,” she began to do that thing girls in my class did when they were fantasizing about the guy they liked. “He took me to the beach one summer on his motorcycle and everything.”
I screwed up my face in disgust. “He sounds like a gang member Sis.”  
“No, he wasn't, but then again,” she looked like she was contemplating it. “Anyway, Akito didn't seem like a bad guy, but I suddenly didn't want to get married to someone I didn't like. I told my parents that I didn't want to do it anymore, which was a bad idea. It caused a huge uproar. I couldn't convince anyone to take my side, so we ran away together until the police found us.”
“And that's when the arranged marriage broke off?”
“No, eventually I gave in and decided to do what everyone wanted.”
“What did you do to end it?”
“I tried everything I could and failed, but after my brother died, my family began to fall apart. My father decided to break away from the exorcists and my parents separated. Nobody was pressuring me into an arranged marriage anymore, so I just did what I wanted.”
“I see,” I never realized that my adopted brother's death could have also affected my sister's marriage. “But then you met Steve right?” I asked.
“Not straight away. Tom and I got back together and we were going to get married.  Until, until, until he left me for that bitch!” She tore the shirt she was holding in half.
I stared in shock. It was a painful reminder not to mess with Sis. I thought she was scary before, but after learning about her secret exorcist powers I made sure not to make her angry. I had no idea when she was going to pull them out.
“Hey Sis, there's no need to stress out,” I said nervously. “If you'd stayed together you wouldn't have Steve and Sophie.”
“Yes, yes, you're right.” She folded up the shirt and attempted to regain her composure. “But he said that we'd be together forever!”
Sis then began lamenting about how her old fiancé left her for a busty tramp. I was just glad Steve wasn't there. I wasn't sure how he'd take it, but he may have already heard the whole story. My sister then spent an hour crying on my shoulder and I had to supply her with tissues. I decided that it probably wasn't a good idea to ever bring up her past relationships. As strong as Sis seemed there were certain topics which quickly sent her into a mass of tears. I can only hope that she won't be that way about my death.


Chapter 16


My conversation with Sis made me think about my parents, or my lack of them. I could still clearly remember how the wolf monster looked me in the eyes and said “your face looks familiar, have I tried to kill you before?”
It was highly possible that he may have gotten into a fight with one of my real parents or relatives. 
I never told anyone this before, but I often thought about my parents. Well not so much thought because I couldn't remember them, it was more like I would imagine what they could have been like.
There were times when Sis would punish me for misbehaving, and I would daydream that my parents were millionaires living on an exotic island. They were still searching for their long-lost son who had been taken away in a freak boating accident. Then one day they would appear on the door step to collect me and take me back to their mansion.
If my parents were also exorcists, it would explain why I had such high spiritual powers. Tyson once told me that only people from certain families had the potential to be exorcists.
I decided to explain the situation to Akito, because he seemed to be the one with all the exorcist connections.
“Yes, it's quite possible that your parents were exorcists,” said Akito. “I'll have to contact the other branches all over the country, but I'll see if there were any exorcists matching your description, but,” he paused. “There's also the chance that we might not find anything, you should prepare yourself for that.”
“I know,” I said. “I'm already used to knowing nothing.” It was true that I didn't want to disappoint myself, but I didn't think it would hurt to do a little investigating.
The only positive thing about the wolf attack was that Akito finally decided to step up my training. Instead of researching monsters and writing compositions, I had to sit on a rock outside and meditate. Akito made me do it for hours, and claimed that it was designed to help bring out my hidden potential, but the only thing it brought out was the pain in my butt. It was dull and there were ants everywhere. I returned home way day to find ants crawling up my pants which was mortifying. I think Akito had a deal going with Sis and she only allowed me an exorcist if Akito didn't let me do anything remotely dangerous. 
“I don't see why I have to meditate so much when all I have to do is squint and the paper goes up in flames,” I complained.
“That's only the preliminary step,” said Akito. “Unless you gain more concentration you're never going to improve. You want to be on the same level as Isaac, correct?”
 Akito must have known me well, since dropping Isaac's name was enough to get me fired up and motivated, for the first hour. After that I began falling asleep. Akito must have anticipated that I would do so, and would occasionally walk past with a bamboo pole and whack me if I appeared to be dozing off. I began to wonder if it was my punishment for saying that I didn't want to do research anymore.
I thought my constant endurance on the rock may have finally paid off when I arrived at headquarters to find Akito dressed up in strange purple robes. I wondered if it was some special occasion, like a monster hunter conference. 
“Here, carry this,” he said while placing a large duffel bag before me.
“Where are we going?” I asked while wondering if Akito had found a bigger rock for me to sit on.
“It's part of your training,” he said. Akito pulled open a drawer and began packing small objects into another bag. I caught a glance of a cross and a small glass bottle of water.
“Are we going on a trip? Like a hardcore training trip up a mountain to fight wild boars, or crazy monsters, and then I get left alone to fend for myself for weeks while some crazy guy in a mask attacks me.” It was the plot of the recent comic book I'd been reading and I thought it sounded exciting.
“No,” he said while looking at me stunned. “Why on earth would anyone want to do that?”
“Oh,” I slumped. I suddenly felt quite disappointed. 
“I'm sorry to disappoint you,” he said after glancing at my gloomy expression. “But we're only going on an exorcism.”
“An exorcism? Are you serious, like a real live exorcism?”
“Yes, something along those lines,” he said. 
“Yes! Finally!” I was virtually bouncing off the walls until Akito scolded me.
“Michael, you need to calm down right now and carry these bags!”
 
* * *

What followed was the most disappointing three hours of my life. I don't know what I must have done in a past life if I already had the misfortune of losing my parents, not being tall, and then landing a mentor like Akito. 
When Akito said exorcism, I assumed he meant giant animal monsters who could take a man's head off. Unfortunately for me what Akito actually meant was that we were going to an exorcism, also known as the type where we dress up as priests and attempt to exorcise nonexistent ghosts. What happened that day probably isn't relevant to the tale of my untimely demise, but I wanted to tell you more of the suffering which Akito often subjected me to.
I sighed and gazed around the sitting room of an eighty year old woman. I was hoping there would be something lying around which would ease my boredom, but I could see nothing more than old photographs and fraying furniture which reeked of mothballs. There was nothing particularly odd about the sitting room, except the giant framed picture of an obese ginger tabby which adorned the shrine altar. My mentor Akito (dressed head to toe in his priest outfit) sat on his knees before it solemnly praying.
“Fluffy we bid thee a peaceful departure into the afterlife,” he said. “Mrs. Lee is humbly sorry that she neglected your welfare and left you to freeze in the snow that fateful February afternoon. We hope that you can overcome your grudges in the physical world and make a peaceful transition into the feline afterlife. ” 
I felt like he was making most of it up off the top of his head, and I had to prevent myself from dissolving into a puddle of hysterics. I also had to wave a wooden pole and sprinkle water (apparently holy) all over the house. It was some strange mix of eastern and western exorcisms, and it wouldn't have surprised me if Akito got all his ideas from horror movies.
“Cat be gone! Cat be gone!” Akito shouted into the corridors of the old woman's home.
I didn't think it was possible for anyone to believe the crap which was coming out of his mouth, but the woman sat their solemnly throughout the ceremony and handed over a large stack of bills at the end. I stared with my mouth open.
“Wow! That has to at least be thre-” and that's when Akito elbowed me in the stomach.
“I sense that Mr. Fluffy has finally become at peace and made the journey onto the next world,” said Akito seriously without giving away any hint of the ridiculousness of his words. “Even my assistant was deeply moved by the relationship between you and your cat,” he said in reference to the time when I began shaking uncontrollably in an effort to suppress my laughter. If I was her I would have kicked Akito out of my house by now, by Mrs. Lee sat there quietly, nodded her head, and began dabbing the tears away from her eyes with a handkerchief 
To me it all seemed like a con, and that poor old woman had given us her money for doing nothing. I decided to question Akito about his morals once we were safely out of there and seated on the train.
“Isn't it a bit misleading to take her money for doing nothing?” I asked.
“We're not doing nothing,” hissed Akito as he looked around frantically to see if anyone had heard. “The money from today will go to the exorcist organization, which goes towards protecting this town from monsters. So you could say that we did help her, and besides, it is possible for vengeful spirits to later manifest into monsters somewhere down the line.”
“Are you serious, are you saying that fat cat could show up one day and eat people?” I was certain it would need to lose weight first before it could inflict terror into the hearts of men.
“As for the cat,” said Akito. “I think not, but you are probably familiar with different ghost stories correct? It's not odd for people who die horrible deaths to one day appear as monsters.”
“What! People can also become monsters?”
“It's not as common as you'd expect, most people don't want to become man eating-monsters and devourer their families. But I usually deal with it once or twice a year. It's mostly children and teenagers. Those who didn't get the chance to grow up are always the worst.”
“But you can stop it right, like the stuff you did today?”
“What we did today was all for show, there's no possible way of stopping a monster until it appears in physical form. While most monsters are born from other monsters, there are also a lot which are born from the physical world, or make the transition from the spirit world. We're still undecided how they come to be, but it's not strange for a monster to suddenly appear one day out of thin air. The weaker ones are often mistaken as ghosts, but the more malicious kind poses a danger to humanity.”
“Are you saying that it's possible for a monster just to appear anywhere at anytime? Like on this train?”
“Yes, it's quite possible,” he nodded.
I scooted closer to Akito.
“But unlikely,” he added.  That's why we should take these cases seriously. We might not be able to do anything until the monster appears, but it's a good way to investigate potential monster infestations.”
“I see, I see,” I nodded. The matter was far more serious than I could have ever imagined.
“But that's not the reason why I brought you here today,” said Akito. “It's all well and good to become an exorcist, but it doesn't pay well. Recently I've been thinking that if being an exorcist doesn't work out for you, maybe you could take on a job like this and help raise funds for the organization.”
“Oh, I see,” I nodded. “Is that what happened to you Akito?”
I didn't think that I said anything bad, but Akito suddenly went very silent and didn't speak for the entire journey back. Once we arrived at headquarters he ordered me back to the rock with a vengeance.
  “So you went on one of those exorcisms,” said Tyson, who stopped by my rock for a chat. “Akito made me go a few times, but he had to kick me out cause I laughed too much.”
“I thought that too,” I said. “But then I learned how important it was for investigating potential monsters.”
“That's just a bunch of crap, the organization is only making up excuses to scam people for money. The only way to get rid of a monster is by destroying it. You should have figured that out by now.”
“That's not true, Akito said that monsters can appear anywhere at any time!”
“But it's usually near the body, so unless someone was murdered and stashed under that rock last night I don't think you have anything to worry about.”
I felt a cold chill go down my spine. “Near the body?”
Tyson sighed. “Akito's been such a pain recently. I don't want to go to university, so he's been trying to get me involved with some of these things, like selling charms, and writing columns for strange supernatural magazines. I just know that Akito's trying to convert me into his own personal stooge.”
“Tyson,” I said.
“I mean, how hard is it just to give me a break?”
“Tyson.”
“We already train three hours a day.”
“Tyson,” I whispered while tilting my head towards what lay behind him.
“What is it?” He signed and leaned back on my rock, only to be confronted by the sight of Akito glaring at him from the window. He immediately snapped to attention. “Wow, look at that, I've got to go kill... Something... And then take some pictures,” he said before dashing off.
After that Tyson had to spend the rest of the afternoon polishing the wooden floors so things got pretty boring. I used to play on my phone and surf the net when I was certain no one was watching. My old cell phone was destroyed by the wolf monster so Sis was kind enough to buy me a new one. It had a touch screen and one of those applications where you could edit your photos. I found a picture of Akito attempting to exorcise the cat, and I drew a turd on his head. It was pretty funny and I spent a good five minutes laughing, but it suddenly reminded me that I hadn't been to the bathroom for hours.
      Akito said that training my bladder was also part of my new training regimen (Apparently there are times when an exorcist must be motionless for hours) so I had to silently creep there like a ninja.
I was in the middle of stealthily sneaking back when I heard voices through the kitchen window. I approached while wondering if Katie had snuck her secret boyfriend into headquarters until I realized it was Sis and Akito. The window was just out of reach, so I jumped up to take a look. I was thinking of suddenly screaming boo to give her a fright (it would have been hilarious) until I realized I was supposed to be engrossed in silent meditation. 
I remembered what Sis told me about herself and Akito, and I decided to stay and watch just to make sure the two of them hadn't started up an affair behind Steve's back.
Sis and Akito were both sitting at the kitchen table across from each other.  Akito had both his hands clasped together on the table, and my sister's face was stone cold. She was staring at her glass of water with abnormal concentration.
“I never thought you'd still be here babysitting children. What happened to the Akito who said he was going to travel the world, slaying dangerous monsters wherever he went?” She asked.
“What happened to me?” He scoffed. “What happened to the Katrina who used to burst in here and demand to join us?”
“Hmm, this place was so macho back then, when did they start letting girls in?”
“It was a few years after your brothe-” he paused. “We started losing people faster after that and we needed to make up the numbers.”
“So only a few more years and I could have been a real exorcist huh? Maybe it doesn't matter, I don't think I would have been a good one anyway.”
“I wouldn't doubt you, you were pretty good at holding your own, even without a teacher.”
“But my brother taught me a great deal as well. I used to practice by myself every day until my fingers bled. I was so stupid and desperate to prove myself to everyone, but then after my brother died, it just didn't seem like fun anymore.”
“Yes, I think everything stopped being fun after we lost him. Michael was definitely a talent that only comes along once a century.”
“Maybe, perhaps,” she began chewing her lip. “That's what everyone said, but he couldn't even fold his own clothes and he failed high school. Everyone used to harp on about how brilliant he was at exorcising, but he couldn't really do much else. He was such a useless older brother.”
“That's what I'd expect you to say, but things used to be a lot easier back when he was alive.”
“Maybe, I saw the way you and your friends all idolized him, and it mortifies me that these new kids still look up to him even after his death.”
“I'm afraid there's not much we can do about that, your brother may have been the strongest exorcist who ever lived.”
“That's what everyone keeps telling me,” she sighed. “But even he died a stupid and pointless death,” she began tapping her fingers nervously on the table. “Hey Akito, I know this may sound crazy, but sometimes, sometimes, I think that maybe father adopted Mikey because he was hoping to create another Michael Matsumoto.”
“That kid!” Akito began to laugh uncontrollably (I didn't know what was so funny) until a stern glance from Sis shut him up. He coughed a few times before regaining his composure. “Another Michael huh?” He coughed. “I don't know if that's possible. Your younger brother certainly has a lot of potential, but in terms of personality they're polar opposites.”
“I know that,” Sis paused like she was looking for words. “They might have the same name, but to me they're completely different people as well. But knowing father, he could have done it. Brother would have been nothing if it weren't for him.”
“Really, is that so,” Akito didn't say anymore, but he screwed up his face like he was still doubtful.
“It's true!” Said Sis. “Father never bragged about himself or showed off, but he was actually very talented. I still wonder who was the better of the two, father or brother. Brother may have been famous, but I'm certain that father still had a few tricks up his sleeve that he didn't tell anyone about.”
“Quite possibly,” Akito sighed. “My grandfather also said that your father would have been great if that monster hadn't crippled him. It's not hard to imagine that Able Matsumoto was trying to make your brother the exorcist he always wanted to be.”
“Right!” Said Sis. “That's what I have said for years, but no one ever believed me,” she pouted. “He was completely obsessed with my brother's training. It was always Michael this and Michael that, and Katrina please go clean your brother's room so he can spend more time training.”
Like me, Akito must have also sensed that the conversation was taking an irritating turn and decided to change the subject. “You still have your father's things right? The books, the manuscripts, the monster research? ”He asked.
“Perhaps,” she said while scratching her head. “It's all packed up into boxes somewhere in the house. I haven't really looked at his things since he died.”
“I always meant to ask you if it was possible to look at your father's old things, I'm sure there would be plenty of valuable material which we could use.”
“Go ahead,” she shrugged. “I don't have any use for them. It's unlikely that Sophie will ever become caught up in all of this. Mikey might be interested, but he's still too stupid to understand any of it.”
“Yes, he's probably not quite up to that level yet. But maybe I can pass on anything useful.”
“I'd appreciate that. Mikey has always wanted to know more about father. I'm sure father had planned to pass everything else on to Mikey anyway if he hadn't died.”
“Talking about your younger brother,” Akito began tapping his fingers on the table. “He asked me to investigate any leads on his real parents. I've made some inquiries, but looking back on it now you should have been the first person I asked.”
Sis went silent for a moment and began staring at the table. “Have you found anything yet?” She asked solemnly.
“No, nothing yet. I'll tell you if anything comes up.”
“Figures, I couldn't find anything either and I've been searching for over ten years.”
“Did your father say anything?”
“No, I just went to visit him one day and Mikey was playing in the garden. I never found any papers so I still don't know if he was even legally adopted. I wouldn't be surprised if father just picked him off the street on his way home.”
“So you think it could have been a child abduction?”
“At first. I told the police and they did an investigation, but until now no one has come forward to claim him as their child. There were a few leads, but in the end, nothing. Father said that Mikey's parents died in an accident where Mikey was the only survivor. It could be true, there's some nasty scarring on his back. I tried to pry more information out of him but father refused to tell me anything. He insisted that he planned to raise Mikey as his son.”
“And the next Michael Matsumoto?”
Sis seemed taken back by his words. She ran her fingers through her hair and leaned her elbows against the table. “It was really mortifying to watch them together, you know,” she muttered.  “It was like he had my older brother back again. I thought he had finally snapped and gone crazy. It was hard enough trying to deal with him when he was obsessed with revenge. But that, that was somehow worse.”
“I'm sorry Katrina, you've really had it tough haven't you. But you can't deny that your younger brother possesses a great deal of spiritual potential.”
“Of course he does, father wouldn't be interested in him otherwise.”
“I'm almost certain that if he had the right guidance from a young age, Mikey would have had the potential to surpass your brother.”
“Don't tell him that, he won't be able to suppress his excitement. He'll be bouncing off the walls. What about now, would it still be possible?”
“Now... I think that with enough hard work he might scrape by. Maybe he'll never reach the same level as Isaac or Tyson, but he should know enough to defend himself.”
“OK, I suppose that's all he really needs, just as long as he knows when to run instead of trying to fight in situations where he could be killed.”
“We can work on that, but to be honest, I never expected that you'd agree to let Mikey join.”
“Hmm, but I'm still hoping he'll decide to give up on his own. If I didn't let him join he'd probably resent me and join on his own. That's his personality.”
“I'm impressed Katrina, you've really changed since you became a mother.”
“Maybe, I think children seem to have a strange effect on a person.”
“Ah, perhaps,” muttered Akito. “But I feel like these ones may be driving me to the brink of insanity.”
 “Talking about children,” my sister stopped and glanced at her watch. “I should be getting back, I have to prepare all of Sophie's things for school tomorrow,” she rose from her chair and picked up her glass to place it in the sink. I was terrified I'd be spotted, so I quickly fell to the ground and began crawling back to the rock where Akito had left me. 
I sat myself back into the meditation position, but it was impossible to concentrate. Their conversation was constantly rotating in my head and refused to go away. Words such as child abduction, next Michael Matsumoto, not as good as Isaac, imbedded themselves into my brain and continued to rotate on a never-ending cycle. I'd never considered the possibility that Grandpa could have been a bad guy. What if he had taken me away from my real family? What if my parents had spent years looking for their long-lost son who had been abducted by a crazy man?
And what did Akito and Sis mean by the next Michael Matsumoto? What was up with that?  I always thought Grandpa had loved me for who I was, but maybe he could only see his dead son staring back. Maybe he couldn't cope with the death of the first Michael, so he decided to go out and get himself a new one.  
I wasn't sure how I was supposed to deal with this new information without having a mental breakdown. Everyone else my age was busy dealing with issue such as which shoes to wear, and what girl to like, no one else I knew had to go through this crap.
“Mikey!” Came a voice which interrupted my thoughts. I opened my eyes to see my sister staring back. “It's time to go home.”
I quickly crawled down from my rock and dusted myself off. Sis must have sensed something was up because she soon asked “are you OK, You don't look so good.”
“I'm fine,” I lied. Even though it was far from the truth.
 

 Chapter 17

Ever since I became an exorcist I felt like I was being constantly compared to the previous Michael Matsumoto. Akito's words about us being polar opposites continued to haunt me for the following week, until I eventually gave in and asked what the difference was between us.
“How should I say this, you're certainly a lot more, dramatic than the other Michael Matsumoto,” said Akito.
“Dramatic?” I questioned. I wondered what that was supposed to mean.
“That's not a bad thing, you're certainly more entertaining. Hmm, what else. Michael also did what he was told, and spent most of his life trying to please others. Mostly his father, but you on the other hand-”
“Hey, I do what I'm told to!” I said while remembering the countless hours I spent writing compositions.
“I saw you eating potato chips in the library again,” said Akito sternly. “There's now crumbs stuck between the pages. I opened a one hundred year old scripture only to find it covered in greasy fingerprints.”
“Oh, oh yeah, I promise I won't eat in there again.”
“The other Michael was also better at calligraphy, meditation, running, compositi-”
“OK, OK, that's enough. Michael was an awesome dude, I got it already.”
I was hoping for clarity, but it just made me feel shitty about myself. If Grandpa gave me the same name in the hope that I would be like his son, he must have been sadly disappointed by now.

* * *

The following Sunday was spent at headquarters training. I had a distant memory of once spending my weekends having fun, but now all my free time was dedicated to training, training, training, and more training. Akito was out running errands that day so both Tyson and Laurence were free to hang out. Tyson showed me a few moves, and Laurence brought out all his paper charms and let me practice. It was such an enjoyable day, and I had completely forgotten about my grandfather issues until they showed up in my face yet again.
We were lying on the verandah sun baking when I looked up to see Sis standing over me with a large box.
“Mikey thank god you're here, I need you to help me carry these things,” she said.
I sat up and took the box from her hands. “Hey Sis, what's all this?”
She turned and began walking away to get more. “These are some of your grandfather's old things, I had them in storage, but I thought that maybe the exorcists would have some use for them.”
“Oh, I see,” the excitement died from my voice and I glared at the box like I was focusing all my resent towards it. I had a feeling these were the materials Sis had promised Akito.
I dumped the box on the verandah and stared inside. It was a while since I saw Grandpa's collection, and I soon realized that if these were his possessions it meant the book he showed me as a child was also hidden amongst them. I momentarily forgot my angst, shoved my arm into the box, and began searching through the moldy volumes.
“It should be around here somewhere,” I muttered. 
“What are you looking for?” Asked Laurence.
“You'll see soon,” I said. My hand finally landed on a certain volume and I held it above my head like a trophy. “It's the book with all the naked pictures!” 
 I opened the cover and flipped through the pages. As a kid, I used to think it was a picture book, but it was actually a textbook with accompanying diagrams. I scanned my eyes briefly over the text, but the language was old and difficult to understand. Eventually I found the page about the fox monster and held it up for Laurence to see. It was still as terrifying as I remembered.
 “Man, I used to have nightmares about this chick as a child,” I said. “I would dream that she would come into my bedroom and attempt to rip my heart out.” 
Little did I know that my childhood fear was soon to become reality.  Maybe I was psychic all along and everyone else had been foolish for refusing to believe me. 
“Akito said that fox monsters are really rare,” said Laurence. “There's only about one or two left, so you don't have to worry.”
“That's a relief,” I sighed.  
“What's this? A naked girl,” said Tyson as he ripped the book out of my hand. “This is certainly one for the wall!” 
He pulled out his cell phone and began taking snapshots. We continued digging through the box for more naked pictures (or Able Matsumoto's secret porn collection) until Sis returned and scolded us. My sister then made us all go to the car and carry the remaining boxes before she returned home.
I didn't think the rest of Grandpa's materials were that exciting (It was mostly illegible gibberish) but Akito was over the moon when he returned. He immediately began leafing through the boxes on the verandah like Christmas had come early. I'd never seen Akito that focused unless he was giving one of his never-ending monster lectures. Tyson, Kurt, and I even had a water fight before him, and he didn't even react until Tyson accidentally splashed his book. We were then subjected to a fifteen minute lecture about the importance of not ruining exorcist property. He was also yelling about a few other things, but I had already tuned out.
It was obvious that the fun was over so we took off our shirts and let them dry on the handrail.  I didn't think much of it until I heard Kurt yell the familiar words of “shit! What happened to your back?”
“Oh,” I said. I peered over my shoulder at the scars which adorned my back. I was overcome with a familiar feeling of dread. “I was in an accident as a kid.”
“Must have been one nasty accident,” said Kurt while taking a closer look. “It looks all carved up and everything.”
“Maybe, I don't really remember,” I muttered. 
I could feel all their eyes on me and I regretted taking my shirt off. I turned to go find a towel (so I could cover myself up) but Akito was suddenly behind me taking a look.
“Hmm,” he said. “It could be signs of a potential monster attack, but it doesn't appear like claw marks or anyone was attempting to kill you. It looks more orderly and planned, like there were trying to inflict pa-” he suddenly realized what he was saying and stopped.
“What did you just say?” I asked in a shaky voice. 
“I'm sure it was just an accident,” said Akito in an attempt to make me forget his previous words. “If it worries you I'm sure it wouldn't be too difficult to fix in the future,” he said with an awkward laugh like it was all just one big joke.
 Akito's words gave me something new to worry about. Not only did I have to worry about being the victim of child abduction, there was the possibility that I'd experienced torture as well. Child abduction and torture, life really couldn't get much better than this, I thought. Child abduction and torture by Grandpa? No, it didn't seem plausible. I may have discovered that Grandpa had a shady side, and he didn't seem like the sort of guy who would go that far, but it was impossible to shake my doubts.

* * *

I spent the evening sitting in my bedroom looking over the photos I had of Grandpa and myself. There was one of Sis and I way back when she didn't know how to deal with children. She was looking at me in horror like I was a slug clinging onto her neck. I laughed and placed it beside my bed. 
I picked up another framed photo of Grandpa and ran my fingers over the cold glass. I was five years old and he had taken me out to a festival for the first time. I was smiling happily while waving a candy apple around. Grandpa had his arm over my shoulder and was making a peace sign towards the camera. His smile looked like that of a loving Grandpa, not a crazy sadistic child abductor. 
 “You wouldn't have done anything bad? Would you?” I asked the photo.
I didn't have any bad memories, or even any unpleasant ones like him yelling or scolding me, but I'd been so young that there weren't many memories left at all. I wouldn't have been aware if he suddenly abducted me off the street and forced me to forget my previous family.
It didn't seem like I could gain the answers I wanted from the pictures, so I placed all the photos carefully back into the box and opened my wardrobe to put them away. That's when it suddenly hit me. Something I had forgotten from long ago. I grabbed onto the handle and opened the door, then shut it, then opened it again. Yes, something did happen once, something in a place like this. I thought.
I wasn't sure what I had done, but I knew I was in trouble. I was standing inside a wardrobe, no, maybe a cupboard, and Grandpa was standing outside blocking my escape. I looked up at his face, which was stony and solemn and nothing like the cheerful man in my dreams who told me about monsters.
“You have to stay in here for a while Michael,” he said sternly.
“Why Grandpa? What did I do?” Asked my five year-old self.
“You need to think about your actions Michael.”
“Actions? What actions?”
“I'll let you out when you're ready.”
That's when he began closing the door. The ray of light from the outside began to shrink until it was eradicated with a bang and I was surrounded by darkness. I was suddenly blind and terrified, and I wanted nothing more than to leave immediately.
“Grandpa!” I yelled. My tiny fists banged against the door. “Let me out! It's dark! Let me out!” But all was silent and nobody came. I felt like I cried forever until I eventually became tired and slumped against the door. My small exhausted eyes looked out at what lay before me, and I sat there and stared at the never-ending darkness.
 “Is this what death feels like?” My small voice said out loud. It was the first time I could recall having such morbid and unchildlike thoughts, but maybe my five year-old self could already sense what was coming. 


Chapter 18

“Over here!”
“What!” I yelled as I swung sharply to the left and knocked the head off the statue beside me. “Shit!” I swore as the chunk of stone went rolling away out of reach. Tyson's pole was heavier than I imagined, obviously designed to combat monsters, and I had just discovered that rock didn't stand a chance either.  I just hoped that no one else was nearby. I didn't want to be around when the graveyard attendant realized I was demolishing his cemetery.
“Quit making so much noise you're only making it run away faster,” scolded Kurt.
“Sorry!” I yelled back before I realized I was doing what he requested me not to.
“Now you're taking your eyes off the target!” He yelled.
“Sorry,” I whispered and returned my gaze to the front.
I watched as a small white cat bounded over the crumbling grave markers as though they were nothing. I thought that being chased by exorcists would be enough to make it revert to its true form, but so far nothing. I stopped to catch my breath and looked down at the piece of paper in my hand which was glowing a brilliant blue.
“Hey Tyson is this really a monster?” I asked.
Tyson stopped and stared at the paper from over my shoulder.
“Yeah, but from the way things are going it seems like a pretty weak one, but this makes it perfect for you Mikey,” he said with a smile.
“What's that supposed to mean?” I muttered under my breath. I wasn't usually so angry, but I'd been quite moody since I discovered the truth about Grandpa.
“Hey, you're the one who wanted to be an exorcist so there's no point stopping now,” called Katie from the front. I didn't know why she was yelling at me when Kurt was still behind. He'd spent most of his time lying around since Akito stopped harassing him, and his fitness was beginning to suffer.
Ever since my sister brought those boxes he was completely transfixed. I felt like I should have been upset that he wasn't training me, but I was already well accustomed to people obsessing over dead people, I was named by one after all.
I could walk freely around headquarters and lay on the veranda without fearing that Akito would scold me for not working hard enough. I wasn't in the mood for school, so I frequently skipped class and told Sis that I was exorcist training, or running errands with Akito, but I was really just sun-baking on the verandah. Tyson, Kurt, and Katie even took me on a secret exorcism behind Akito's back and he didn't catch on. The way things were going it seemed like years before I would see any hand to hand monster action, but Tyson and Kurt both agreed that experience was the fastest way to learn.
The monster hunt took us to a small shrine and cemetery, which existed in the mountains behind headquarters. The whole mountainside was littered with gravestones and small statues of children and angels. I wondered if their stone eyes were watching as we frantically pursued the cat.  We spent the afternoon clambering over crumbling rocks, and I accidentally tripped several times until the palms of my hands were scratched up and bleeding. 
The cat monster in question had apparently been running amok in the town and was attacking kindergarten students. It hadn't caused any serious damage yet, but Tyson assured me it wouldn't be long before it grew bolder and began eating their faces off. I wasn't sure if the cat was truly a danger, or Tyson wanted to make me feel important, but I was sternly told that this was a very important mission.
After what seemed like an hour we finally had the cat corned before a cluster of grave markers. The monster saw that its chances of escape were zero and it turned and hissed.
 “OK, just have a go,” huffed Tyson as he leaned up against a grave marker to catch his breath. “Just remember what we taught you before and the rest shouldn't be too difficult.”
“Roger!” I nodded. I felt like I'd climbed up in the world when I could finally say roger to Tyson. I took a large breath and encroached on the monster before me. This was the moment that I'd long been waiting for. The moment where I, Michael Matsumoto, was finally going to exorcise my first monster.  
“Demon cat you've finally met your match, today you shall fall by the hands of the great Michael Matsu- Hey!” I yelled as the cat suddenly jumped over the stone and began bouncing away into the distance. 
“No, not again,” moaned Kurt. “We've been going at this for hours already.”
 “You two, go after it!” Yelled Tyson. “Katie and I will go to the other side and try to head it off.”
Kurt didn't bother to hide his annoyance and almost knocked over five grave stones on the way. We dashed frantically after the cat until we emerged back into the open forest. I almost had the monster within my grasp until Kurt yelled “stop!” Like his life depended on it.
Thinking that something terrible was going to happen, I stopped dead in my tracks.
“What! What's wrong?” I yelled. The cat had suddenly disappeared out of sight behind the trees and if we didn't continue the pursuit immediately we were going to lose it.
Kurt pointed to the patch of forest before us. “Our area ends here, everything beyond those trees is managed by a different branch.”
“So we're forbidden from going into that area?”
“No,” he shrugged. “It's not our problem anymore.”
It's not our problem anymore? What was that supposed to mean? I was convinced that I must have misheard him before he turned to leave.
“Come on, we better start heading back,” he said with a smile.
“Hey! You're not seriously going to leave it are you?”
“Why not,” he shrugged. “It's not our responsibility anymore.”
I felt anger rise up inside me and I wanted to punch him in the face. Suddenly all the things which I had overlooked and brushed aside for the past few months came flooding back. The way that he treated Laurence, the way he left things half done, the way he always ate all the good snacks as soon as Akito returned from the supermarket so I never got any chocolate chip cookies.
“But what if it hurts someone!” I yelled.
“You don't have to wet your pants over it, the guys on the other side will probably get it.”
“But what if they don't? I thought your responsibility as an exorcist was to get rid of monsters!”
I thought that may have been enough to get through to him, but instead those words set his temper off.
“Hey you, I never asked to be an exorcist, I never asked to live out here. I'm only doing this because they make me. I don't have to take this from someone like you who didn't grow up the way we did!”
“Maybe I didn’t grow up the way you did, but at least I give a damn about people other than myself!”
“What did you say?” He raised his fist.
I wanted to stand firm and tell him what was on my mind. That his attitude was bad and his actions would lead to innocent people getting injured. I also wanted to say that he was lazy, treated others like crap, and needed to invest in deodorant, but I couldn't. Kurt was twice my size and saying such things would only lead to me being beaten to a pulp.
“Nothing,” I muttered. I stared down at the leafy foliage beneath my feet and suppressed the urge to set fire to it.
I felt angry at myself for backing down, but there was nothing I could do. I didn't want to get my face punched in like the first year who called Kurt fat. 
I fell silent and refused to say anything, but I was seething on the inside. I stared out into the forest and considered pursuing the monster on my own, but Kurt turned to leave and I suddenly realized I was in the middle of a dense dark forest and I didn't know my way back. I turned and followed his large figure, but I made an effort to remain at least three feet behind. As we kept walking my feelings towards him got worse and worse. I began to wonder why I was even friends with a guy like that who bullied people at school and took their lunch money. What had I been thinking?
    We found Tyson and Katie chilling out at the gate to the shrine. Katie was re-touching her make-up, while Tyson was frantically wiping something off his mouth with his sleeve. He rolled up his jacket arm once he was finished, but I caught a glance of something red.
“Did you find it?” Tyson asked.
I was tempted to tell the truth, but one glare from Kurt was enough to make me shut my mouth. “No, it got away,” I muttered.
“It went into Patrick's territory,” added Kurt. I felt my fist clench as soon as he opened his mouth.
I expected Tyson to be angry at us (like I was on the inside) but he was unexpectedly happier than when I saw him only moments earlier. “I suppose they'll take care of it, next time don't do any speeches Michael, it's best to get the job done as quickly as possible.”
“But I was so fired up and everything,” I muttered.
“Getting fired up won't get you anywhere, the only thing which really works is hard work and good concentration,” said Katie. It was the first time she'd said anything nice, and it was probably the last, because within the next few minutes she was back to complaining about Nina.
“I can't take it anymore, she always goes around telling everyone what to do,” Katie ranted. “She thinks she's so great, but she can't even aim straight.”
“But Nina isn't such a bad person, there's no need to fight all the time,” said Tyson.
“So you're on her side now?”
“No, you're cousins, you should try to get along.”
“Shut up, what do you know!” Katie yelled. She then refused to speak to Tyson for the whole journey back.
I also wanted to tell Katie more about Nina's good points (to help bridge the gap between them) but I didn't feel confident doing so while she was holding a bow and arrow. I haven't told anyone this, but Katie used to scare me. I think it was because she never smiled.
The atmosphere on the way back was pretty depressing. I wasn't talking to Kurt, Katie wasn't speaking to Tyson, and Tyson looked upset because he was being shunned. I didn't think things could get any worse until a police patrol car pulled up beside us. I always thought a bunch of teenagers carrying poles, bows, and arrows, looked pretty conspicuous, but his main interest was something else. 
He caught sight of Kurt trying to shove his ax into his school bag amongst his overflowing books.
“You're not allowed to chop trees here!” The officer yelled while pointing at Kurt. He soon got out of the car and subjected us to a ten minute lecture before removing Kurt's ax from his bag.
“I know you think these woods don't belong to anyone, but please think twice before destroying the landscape,” he said before speeding off into the distance.
“The ax, it's always the ax,” Kurt muttered as he stared at his empty hands. “Now I have to call my parents and ask for another one, they're going to be pissed.”
I would have almost felt sympathy if I wasn't already angry at Kurt for being a bully and all-round terrible person, but it made me wonder why the exorcists had such crappy weapons to combat terrifying man-eating monsters.
“I don't get it,” I asked Tyson. “Wouldn't it be easier just to use guns?”
“It would be,” said Tyson as he glanced up at Katie, who was still doing an excellent job of pretending he didn't exist. “And there's a shotgun sitting around if you ever need it, but it's difficult for high school students to carry guns, so they've chosen to equip us with less conspicuous weapons.”
“But don't the police know about monsters?”
“You'd think so, but they're as thick as bricks when it comes to these things. Akito once took an officer out on an exorcism, you know, just to show him that they were real, and the guy completely flipped out. The police department thought he had a mental breakdown. That guy ended up loosing his job and everything.”
“But surely the government must know something?” I asked.
“No, of course not, maybe they used to in the past, but the people in charge rotate all the time, so even if you did get someone to believe you they'd soon be gone and you'd have to start all over again. There are only so many people who can become real exorcists, so our organization is surprisingly small. I think there might only be a few hundred active exorcists spread out over the country, so we don't really have much influence at all.”
“Oh,” I said. I just realized that the mysterious secret organization I'd entered was a lot smaller than I had imagined.
“What about Laurence and Isaac, what do they use?” I remembered that I hadn't seen either of them pull out a weapon. Isaac had his charms, but Laurence spent most of his time standing around looking awkward.
“”We don't trust Laurence with pointy things ever since he almost took my arm off,” muttered Kurt.
“Isaac can do some Judo now,” said Tyson. “But he doesn't like getting his hands dirty, so he does most of the charms. He's pretty fast. His family is well-known for having high spiritual power, so channeling energy comes easy to him. He's almost up to the level of-” and then Tyson suddenly clamped his mouth shut. 
I was about to ask him up to the level of what? Until I realized that he was staring nervously at Katie, who was looking back at him with eyes more filled with fear than anger, and I decided to drop the question. I thought something was definitely up, but as soon as I thought I'd sensed something strange about the social atmosphere, it suddenly disappeared and I assumed I must have imagined it. 
Everyone went back to being moody and silent, and I glanced at my hands which were scratched and bleeding from my constant falling. I poked a wound which was beginning to scab, and I hissed at the pain. I cursed my failure to stop the monster. Someone like Isaac probably didn't make such rookie mistakes and injure himself.

Chapter 19

The mood between Kurt and I didn't improve over the following weeks. I stopped hanging out with him at school, and he went out of his way to shove me when we passed each other in the hall. It started raining a lot back then, and there wasn't much to do but watch the constant downpour that fell from outside my window. I liked watching it, it reflected my mood.  
Like Kurt, Akito had also become very distant with me, but unlike Kurt I didn't understand what caused his sudden change in attitude. He used to be exceedingly pushy, and never gave me a moment’s break, but he suddenly ceased ordering me around. I was excited at first (like I'd finally been set free from his iron fist) but after a few weeks the mundaneness was beginning to bore me. 
I didn't know why, but I had the feeling that he was going out of his way to avoid me. He would quickly dash into another room if we were going to meet in the hall, and he spent most of his waking hours locked away in his office. I asked the others about his sudden change in attitude, but none of them knew what I was talking about.
“Akito?” Asked Annie while tilting her head in confusion. “He didn't seem any different when he talked to me this morning, he ordered Tyson to polish the floors and then lectured him on the importance of cleaning products.”
“Oh,” I said while averting my gaze to the floor. “He hasn't ordered or lectured me for at least a month.”
“I'm sure it's nothing,” Annie assured me. “Maybe this is his way of,” she stopped to think of something to say. “Letting you know that you're doing a good job?”
“Ha!” Laughed Kurt as he walked past us in the corridor and pretended to accidentally knock me into the wall. It seemed to be his new hobby and he looked like he was enjoying it immensely. 
“Oi! Kurt!” Yelled Annie as she began running after him. “You shouldn't treat Michael like that!”
Apparently, even a girl had more courage than I did when it came to standing up to Kurt.
I continued to ask around about Akito's whereabouts only to be told he was busy in the study, or out running an errand. I should have taken it as a hint and gone out of my way to avoid him as well, but I was still naive and stupid back then. 
Eventually I couldn't take the anxiety anymore, and I decided to sit myself outside his office and wait for him to emerge. I sat there for hours and struggled to keep myself awake, but Akito had nowhere to run when he decided to take a toilet break. He almost jumped out of his skin and fled back inside when he slid open the door to find me staring back.
“Michael,” he said nervously. “What are you doing out here? And especially at two in the morning.”
“Hey Akito,” I replied. “I was wondering when we're going to start training again?”
He chewed his lip. “I'm sorry, but I'm very busy Michael.”
“Oh,” I stared down at the ground. “I understand.”
He reached out his hand to pat me on the shoulder, but he suddenly stopped midway and returned his hand to his side, like he didn't want to touch me. “It's alright, you'll learn it with time,” he said quickly before fleeing back into his room. 
“It's alright, you'll learn it with time,” I mocked before punching the corridor wall. It left a small dent and I had to quickly flee before anyone saw me.
After that incident Akito asked to see my back a few times (he claimed he was looking for signs of a monster attack) but he only stared at the scars and continued to look puzzled. He also took a few pictures to send to a friend who was apparently an expert.
I still couldn't comprehend what his problem was. The only plausible theory I had come up with was that he was still secretly in love with Sis, and her sudden reappearance was causing him anguish. Maybe I was a constant reminder of his pain. I was unsure how to ask without causing suspicion and making him flee, but I decided to be direct and ask while he was eating lunch.
“So Akito,” I said from the kitchen doorway. “I heard that you and Sis were going to get married, but she dumped you for a guy called Tom. I know it was a long time ago, but I was wondering if her sudden re-appearance is making you feel depressed.”
He spat the soup from his instant noodles all over the table. “No, of course not!” He coughed. “What gave you that impression?”
“I don't know,” I shrugged. “But if I were you I'd be pretty angry.”
“I have to admit there was a time when I was very angry about the whole affair,” he whipped out a tissue and began wiping up. “But then she was dumped for someone else.” His face broke out into a manic grin and I've come to realize that Akito can be quite vindictive when he wants to be.  
After that he made up another lame excuse about having to study or run an errand (Akito's excuses were all so lame that they've blended together in my head) and he disappeared. I wandered off into one of the empty rooms to mull over how much my life currently sucked. 
I sat on the floor and stared at the ceiling. There were signs of water damage and spots of mold in the corner. I hadn't noticed before, but it suddenly hit me that headquarters was pretty old and decrepit. The wallpaper was peeling off and the paint was chipped in several areas. The place seemed new and cool when I first arrived, but I suddenly realized it was just a decrepit house full of moody teens and their lame teacher. I was beginning to have real doubts about whether I wanted to spend the rest of my life as an exorcist. 
“Maybe this wasn't such a good idea,” I said to myself. I could have been, and I should have been, doing all the fun stuff that regular teens did. Like hanging out at the mall and playing video games.
“This sucks,” I muttered.
Patter, patter patter, came the sound of small footsteps up the hall and the sliding door flew open with a bang. I looked up to yell at the guy who had disturbed by angst, only to find my five year old niece Sophie staring back at me. Her smiling face was enough to melt away all my sorrows.
“Mikey!” She cried.
“Sophie!” I yelled back.
“Mikey!”
“Sophie!”
“Mikey!”
“Sophie!”
This continued until I gave in and picked her up. Sophie then began telling me about her day, and how difficult it was doing homework when she was too busy eating dinner or taking a bath. 
As soon as I placed her down, Sophie grabbed my wrist and dragged me outside while demanding that we play tag immediately.
I chased her around the garden pretending to be a ghost who would turn her upside down when she was caught. This may sound mean, but Sophie thinks it's awesome and always pesters me to play while I'm busy doing homework.
Sis was casually chatting with Akito on the verandah. I'm sure my sister thought it was a casual conversation, but from my perspective, it looked more like she was interrogating Akito about my recent progress.
I pretended that I was immersed in play, but I was actually listening in. I gained so much insightful information last time I eavesdropped, so I thought it was my chance to discover what was really going on with Akito. Most of what they were saying was pretty boring, like the weather, and how this summer was going to be hotter than the last. It didn't sound like he was still harboring a secret crush on my sister, and I almost gave up until Akito said something that made my ears prick.
“Katrina, there's something we need to talk about,” said Akito.
“Hmm, what's the matter?” My sister asked.
“It's about,” he stopped to look at Sophie and I. I stared back at him until I realized the best thing to do would be to appear oblivious, and I went back to playing with my niece. I hoped it was the revelation I'd been waiting for. I couldn't help but assume that he'd discovered the truth about my parents, and now held all the answers to my mysterious past. Unfortunately, what came next was only disappointment.
“Maybe it can wait for another time,” he said.
If my day could have gotten any worse it would have suddenly hit rock bottom, but his words gave me a renewed sense of hope. There was something about Akito's tone of voice and recent behavior which left me convinced there was something about my past he wasn't telling me. He had to know something. Akito liked to pretend that he was cold and aloof, but the man was as translucent as plastic wrap.
I was determined to confront him. I slept over the following night, but Akito was out on errands so my efforts were in vain. Luckily I still had Isaac who would listen to me moan about my problems.
“I know he's hiding something,” I said while pacing around Isaac's room. The great thing about us being friends was that I could now stay over in his bedroom instead of being squished in with the others.
“Maybe,” said Isaac while he was bent over his desk studying. The guy obviously hadn't given up his dream to get into a good school. “I don't know why you're pushing so much, sometimes it's better if you don't know.”
“So you're saying it could be bad news? Like they already died in a terrible accident?”
“Well..” His voice trailed off.
“Oh no, my parents are dead!” I flung myself dramatically onto the bed which creaked under my weight. “I'm an orphan! I'm just like those children in all the miserable fairytales!”
“But haven't you already spent the last ten years assuming they were dead,” said Isaac's voice of reason.
“Oh yes,” I suddenly didn't feel so depressed. “I suppose that's true. But I need to know,” I rolled over and began punching his pillow out of anxiety. “This feeling is killing me. The truth may be out there just beyond my fingertips.”
 “There's nothing we can do right now,” said Isaac as he closed his books and placed them back on his shelf. “We just have to wait until Akito gets back.”
“Humph,” I fumed. I rolled off his bed and onto my futon which had been placed neatly on the floor beside it. 
“I'm turning the light off,” said Isaac.
“Err,” I groaned. I could already feel sleep begin to overtake me as soon as my head hit the pillow.  There was a click of Isaac pulling the light string, and the room was plunged into darkness. There were no houses or street lights nearby, so whenever the lights went out it was pitch black. I no longer had the light of Tyson texting to act as a night-light, and it was difficult to shake my feelings of fear. The darkness reminded me of the day Grandpa locked me away, but I quickly fell into a dreamless sleep before I could spend time dwelling on the past. I never stopped to consider how that night would be my last.
 

 Chapter 20
 

 
That night I swore that I was awoken by a voice calling my name from outside Isaac's window.
“Michael Matsumoto, Michael Matsumoto,” It called out to me like the wind. I was too tired to understand its true form, and by morning I had dismissed it as a dream. Little did I know that my approaching death was out there attempting to communicate with me.
Akito must have been in a particularly good mood, and I walked into the kitchen for breakfast only to discover him grinning from ear to ear. 
“Good morning,” he called out as I entered, and I realized that maybe his days of treating me like the plague were finally over. He must have also been attempting a peace-offering with the others and I, because he brought us all lunch for school.  
“Wow, this looks like expensive shit!” Said Kurt while staring at the food through the plastic wrap. Akito had to slap Kurt's hand away to prevent him from eating one for breakfast. 
“Here you go Michael,” said Akito as he handed over the packed lunch and patted me on the shoulder. His hand lingered for a moment and I expected him to soon pull away, but before I knew it Akito was grabbing onto my shoulder with so much strength that I almost cried out in pain. I looked up to ask why he was attempting to break my arm before I realized that his face was deathly pale.
“What? What is it Akito?” I asked nervously.
“Just stay still for a moment,” he hissed.
He was staring in fear at something outside the window. I turned around and squinted to see what could be so horrifying, but I could see nothing but trees.  
“Is there something there Akito?” I asked.
He continued to stare intensely for a moment, before his face relaxed and he finally let go. “No, it was just my imagination,” he sighed and shook his head. “Hurry up and get to school, your sister will scold me if you're late. You need to get your homework organized before we start training again.”
My face almost broke out into a smile, but then I quickly remembered all the other times Akito told me we were going to do something awesome, but then it turned out to be lame. “Are you serious?” I asked skeptically. “Are we really going to begin training again?”
“Of course,” Akito replied. “It's time for you to stop slacking off and start hitting the books again.”
In the past those words would have been enough to make me grind my teeth and scream, but instead I was overwhelmed with joy. I raised my arms and yelled "finally!" Through the halls of headquarters like I had just won a marathon. Even Kurt sticking his foot out to trip me couldn't ruin my happiness.

* * *

Nothing eventful happened at school that day so I won't bore you with the details. Things only began sliding down hill once the final bell rang. Tyson recently got his motorcycle license and somehow convinced Akito to use exorcist funds to buy a scooter. Tyson claimed it would be useful for tracking monsters in a hurry, but he only used it to commute to school. He also liked to sit on it after class and wave at any girl who passed by.
All the exorcists and I stared in awe as Tyson jumped on. I used to see him practice every morning while staring at his reflection in the windows.
“Come on Katie, I'll give you a ride back?” He said while throwing her his spare helmet. He leaned casually over the handlebars and attempted to appear as suave as possible. I was a pretty suave guy myself so I could see what he was doing.
“OK,” shrugged Katie as she hopped on to the back and wrapped her arms around Tyson's waist.
“What about me?” Annie asked.
“You have Isaac to go home with,” said Tyson.
“But Isaac has Judo practice,” she pouted.  
“So, just wait until he's finished or catch the bus.”
“But I watched last week, it's all just a bunch of grunting and moaning.”
“Hey, can I go to Judo practice,” I asked, it sounded like fun.
“Just sort it out yourself!” Tyson yelled as he hit the accelerator and drove off into the distance.
“Tyson you arsehole!” Yelled Annie as she stamped her foot and continued to yell out profanities.
I noticed that Nina was also staring at them as they drove off into the distance. Her eyes were full of longing, and I couldn't help but wonder if she also wanted a ride home.
“Come on, let's go back,” said Kurt as he turned to leave.
I averted my eyes momentarily to Kurt, but when I turned back to Nina she'd suddenly vanished. I looked around frantically and caught a glance of her dashing behind the school building.
“Hey Nina!” Annie yelled after her. She attempted to pursue Nina until Kurt grabbed Annie by her arm.
“Just let her be,” said Kurt. “It's probably just one of those weird girl things.”
“But Nina looked sad,” protested Annie.
“Don't worry about it, Nina always looks sad,” said Kurt. “Let's just go home before the bus leaves.”
I knew that it was best to leave with them, but I lingered and watched the spot where Nina had disappeared. I cursed my inability to run after her, and I couldn't help but feel that she'd fled to a far away place where even I couldn't reach her. Something like this wouldn't have sparked my interest if it weren't for what I saw the day before.
Due to Akito's negligence of my training, I decided to take matters into my own hands by going to the library to teach myself something. I hadn't been since Akito stopped assigning compositions, but I thought I could conduct my own research.
I walked through the door only to find Nina with her head down against the desk. I was overjoyed that there was someone else to keep me company as I studied, and I slid into the seat next to her. Nina knew a lot about monster so I was hoping that she could teach me something awesome.
“Hey Nina how's it going?” I asked.
“Michael,” she muttered lethargically. “I'm sorry Michael but I don't feel like talking now.” 
“Hey is there something wrong? Did Akito chew you out, or did you get into a fight with Katie?”
“It's nothing,” she muttered. “Could you please just leave me alone for a moment?”
 I wanted to know what was wrong, but I couldn't think of the right thing to say, so I gave up and left. Nina had looked depressed for a while, and as much as I wanted, I wasn't sure what to do to make her smile again. I tried joking around, or accidentally dropping all my books on purpose, but Nina just looked at me with the same blank expression as though I didn't exist.
“Hey Annie,” I turned to ask Annie if she knew the reason behind Nina's sudden lack of energy, but they'd all left and the only one still standing there was Isaac.
“Hey, you wanted to go to Judo practice right?” He asked. “We better get going.”

Chapter 21

Judo practice involved more pain than I expected. I was content with just watching for the first ten minutes, but after that I was bored out of my mind and begged them to let me join in. There was nothing a novice like I could do except subject myself to being their human rag doll who they used to practice various throws. Isaac was kind enough to throw me softly, but his fellow club members didn't show much mercy. My whole body was aching by the time it was over.
I rolled my shoulders to try and alleviate the pain as Isaac and I walked back towards the changing rooms. “That was painful,” I moaned. 
“You just need to learn how to fall correctly, and then the rest will come with time,” Isaac advised. 
 The rest will come with time. Those words echoed around my head like they had days before when I was told the same thing by Akito. I was beginning to despise those words, and as much as I'd been trying over the past few weeks, I never felt like I was getting any better.
“I have to put my things away,” said Isaac as he pulled his bag out of his locker. “I'll meet you outside.” 
I nodded and went outside into the courtyard. I sat myself on a small brick fence around the garden, and stared at the moss which was peaking through the cracks in the concrete. There were still a few students mulling around after club activities, but their happy faces and joyful laughs suddenly irritated me.
I didn't know why, but I couldn't make myself feel happy. All I could think about was how I'd been putting so much effort into studying, exorcising, and attempting to join the Judo club, but I had nothing to show for it. Everyone kept telling me that these things would come with time, but what if they didn't? What if I continued to work my butt off to become an exorcist for ten years and I was still crap? Akito told Sis himself that my chances of reaching the same level as Tyson and Isaac were slim. Maybe I was forever destined to be crap at everything.
I sighed and kicked the heels of my sneakers against the concrete. 
This sucks, school sucks, everything sucks, I thought to myself.
I watched as what looked like a new teacher came rushing around the corner. She was dressed neatly in a black business suit with her hair perfectly pinned back. She looked young, so I assumed she had to be new, or a student teacher who was doing a practical for university. I wished I wasn't in high school. If I was older than I'd probably stand a chance with a pretty woman like that. But then again, being me, she probably wouldn't care at all.
My theory was proved right when she rushed straight up to a group of Judo club third years who had just emerged from the changing room. They stopped and chatted to her with far more enthusiasm than what they showed in practice. One of them even made a point of accidentally letting his shirt slip so that his muscles were exposed. They also laughed and pointed in my direction, probably lamenting on how my pants fell down in the middle of practice, and my teddy bear underwear had been exposed. I scowled and averted my eyes away in embarrassment. I feigned interest in the dying plant on my right so I could pretend their words didn't reach me.
“Hey,” called a soft voice. I was about to berate Isaac about sounding like a girl, until I turned to see the student teacher standing before me. She squinted at the name tag stitched onto my backpack. 
“Michael Matsumoto,” she read out loud. “Is your name really Michael Matsumoto?”
“Yeah,” I nodded. Her words brought back memories of my first week of school when I met the others. I momentarily wondered if she was also involved with the exorcists, but I had a feeling that if she was, she'd probably be out battling monsters instead of wasting her time at high school.
“Yeah, I'm Michael Matsumoto,” I muttered and began wondering what depressing crap was going to come out of her mouth next.
“Wow,” she giggled like one of my classmates. “That's such a wonderful name.”
“Really?” I said as my depression evaporated. Up until that moment I'd only associated my name with my deceased older brother. It gave my name a gloomy feeling and Sis didn't feel comfortable addressing me by anything other than Mikey. Despite that, I'd always known that my name was awesome (because it's mine) but no one had ever told me it was wonderful before.
“Yes,” she giggled once again like she couldn't contain her joy. “It's a pleasure to meet you Michael Matsumoto.” 
She quickly thrust her hand out before me while grinning manically. She held it there in the air for at least a minute, and I stared blankly while wondering what she expected me to do. Surely she didn't want to begin holding hands already?
"Hey," she said as her face twisted into a cute scowl. “Don’t you know that it’s rude not to shake someone’s hand.”
“Oh, I see,” I felt quite embarrassed and I could feel my face turning red, but I reached out to shake her hand regardless. This was what high school was supposed to be like. Not failure and constant disappointment.
“Michael GET DOWN!”
I was about to ask Isaac what he was yelling about, until a sudden ball of lightning engulfed the teacher before me and sent her flying out of sight. All that was left behind was a burnt patch on the ash-felt, and my hand which luckily just felt numb. I glared at Isaac, who was standing in the gym doorway with his school bag still hanging over his shoulder. He hissed and shook his fingers. “No, it wasn't enough,” he muttered to himself. 
I followed his gaze to see the teacher lying in a collapsed heap on the other side of the courtyard. She was a little disheveled than before, but hopefully still alive. I couldn't understand what had gotten into Isaac, surely he didn't have a crush on her and had decided to lash out in jealousy. Maybe the constant studying and exorcist training had finally made him snap.
“What are you doing?” I yelled. “That's a teacher! You just attacked a teacher!” 
I rushed to aid her until Isaac yelled “stop!” At the top of his lungs.
“That's no teacher,” he said. “It's a monster!”
“A monster! How can it be a M-”
The words died in my throat because right on cue, she began to pick herself up. Except this time her eyes were no longer black, but a deep red. “My my aren't you a smart one,” she grinned. “Cute little exorcist.” 
“It's a monster!” I screamed in shock. “There's a monster at school! There's a monster at school! Tyson promised me that monsters wouldn't come to school!”
“That's what I was trying to tell you!” Isaac rushed to my aid. He jumped in front of me and placed himself as a human shield between the monster and me.
The blast must have been strong enough to rattle her, and the monster had to place her hands out beneath her to slowly pull herself up. The hair, which had been perfectly pinned back, slid out of place and fell to obscure her face. Her previously spotless suit was also torn, frayed, and looked like it was falling to pieces.
“Michael Matsumoto,” her voice was deep, low, and I could have never imagined it was the same cute woman I'd been speaking with moments ago.” Never did I imagine that I could eat you once more.”
Her words sent terror down my spine, and they hinted to the terrible truth which I didn't want to believe. I tried to think up an alternative explanation, but then the reality hit me and I could do nothing more than grip onto Isaac's shoulder in fear.
“It's the fox monster and she's come back for seconds!” I screamed.
“Shh,” Isaac hissed and pushed me back. “Calm down, don't rush to conclusions!”
She finally pulled herself to her feet and leaned up against the school wall for balance. Her skirt must have also been badly damaged because it soon crumbled, fell from her waist, and left her bushy fox tail exposed for the world to see.
“Shit,” hissed Isaac. “Why today?”
“SHE'S STRIPPING!” I screamed. I was petrified that she'd come to take off her clothes and rip my heart out. It wouldn't be long before I was facing the same terrifying image which had haunted me from Grandpa's book.
“No, it just fell down on its own!” Isaac yelled behind him in an attempt to ease my panic.
Contrary to his words she pulled off the damage jacket which left her in nothing but a blouse. Judging by the state of her clothes the lightning charm must have hit her hard, but maybe her abnormally strong monster body was immune to such things. 
“When I ate the heart of Michael Matsumoto it was the most delicious thing I'd ever tasted,” she grinned. “But I never thought I'd get the opportunity to consume such a wonderful heart again, until now. Come Michael Matsumoto. Enjoy the honor of being my next meal.”
The blood drained from my face and even Isaac looked shaken compared to his cool regular self. He dove his hands into his pockets (without averting his eyes away) and pulled out a scrunched up charm. He quickly glanced at the paper and gritted his teeth. “So only this one, huh? Looks like this is our only chance.”
He placed the paper between his fingers and began to chant. I glanced between him and the monster nervously and wondered if he could finish before she ripped our hearts out. Little did I know that no matter what we did, or how far we ran, she would eventually find us.
The paper suddenly caught fire. I was hoping it would produce a giant fireball which would quickly burn her into little foxy ashes. But the fire quickly died out only to be replaced by thick black smoke. It spewed from the page and quickly engulfed the entire courtyard, until the last thing I saw was the rabid fox woman grinning at me like she knew my fate was sealed. I wanted to ask Isaac how not being able to see was going to save us, until he dropped the charm and grabbed my elbow. 
“Run!” He yelled.

* * *

I collapsed against a tree and gave my burning lungs some much wanted relief. I looked back expecting to see a crazed naked fox monster, but all that lay behind us was dense forest. I had attempted to lead us back to the main road in our getaway, but Isaac said it was too dangerous to fight where people could see, which left us with no other choice but to trudge through the forest. Apparently Isaac hadn't been expecting a freak fox attack when he got ready for school that morning, so running was our only option.
I glanced over to Isaac, who was also fighting for air.
“I think....We...Should be... OK... Now,” he said between gasps for breath. “But.... We should... Keep moving soon.”
“Thanks Isaac,” I gasped. “If it wasn't for you she would have eaten me alive. How did you know she was a monster?”
"I," he stuttered. “She wasn't wearing shoes, didn't you think that was odd?”
“No, what sort of lame excuse is that! I saw her wearing heels.”
“Oh, busted,” he muttered to himself. “OK, I'll tell you, but you have to promise not to tell the others.”
“OK, you have my word,” I held up my finger in an attempt to make a pinky promise, but he just stared at me oddly.
“I don't know how to explain this,” said Isaac. “But ever since I was young I've been able to sense if someone was a monster.”
“What! Are you serious? Like a six sense or something?”
“You could say that. It's a really creepy feeling. My whole body goes cold and I get goose bumps. Sometimes I feel really nauseous and I want to throw up.”
“Really? You still do all that exorcising even when you want to puke?”
“I endure it. I'm kind of used to it anyway. But that's one of the reasons why I want to quit. Don't tell the others because they'll only make fun of me.”
I thought that Isaac's special ability sounded awesome. I never realized that it was possible to have other special exorcist powers, and I began to wonder if even I could have a few hidden abilities.
“I don't see why you're trying to hide it.” I said in awe. “It's an amazing ability. If it weren't for you I'd be dead.”
“It's not as great as it sounds,” he began nervously pulling the grass out around his feet. “When I was little my older sister took me to my friend's house. I took one look at his father's new wife and I knew straight away that she was a monster. I was really proud of myself for spotting the difference, so I told everyone straight away. But then she tried to eat me. Luckily my sister was there, otherwise I would have died. But she had no choice but to kill the monster and my classmate didn't have a mother anymore. He treated me like I destroyed his family and I couldn't look him in the face after that.”
“But it's not your fault that she was a monster, right? She might have planned to eat them.”   
“That's true. I realize that now, but what they probably haven't told you is that there are lots of good monsters out there who don't want to hurt anyone. I may have ruined his family's chance of happiness.”
“Nah, she was probably just fattening them up, like in that fairytale with the witch and the children.”
“Hansel and Gretel?”
“Yeah, that one. She was just waiting until your friend was bigger and juicier. You probably saved him from becoming a human sandwich.”
Isaac laughed. “Thanks Michael. I feel better, I think.” Isaac was always so serious, so it was a welcome relief to see him smile every once in a while. 
“You have an older sister?” I asked. I never heard him mention having any siblings before.
He paused. “Yes,” he said after a moment of silence. 
“What's she like?”
“Nice, patient, and really good at exterminating monsters, probably better than I'll ever be.”
“That's cool, I have a sister too.”
“I know, we see her all the time.”
And I suddenly felt quite stupid. 
“But anyway," said Isaac. "Don't tell anyone that I can do this, if the organization ever found out they'd turn me into their personal monster detector and never let me go,” he stood up and stretched his hands behind his head. “I should probably call Akito and warn everyone.” 
He pulled out his cell phone and dialed the number. It rang for a few minutes before I could hear the faint sound of Akito answering the phone. The two of them began chatting while I stared at Isaac's back in awe.  Isaac was really amazing, not only was he good at exorcising, school, and sports, but he also had amazing exorcist powers that made me jealous. It was a shame that someone like Isaac wanted to quit so badly. He was like an exorcist prodigy. Maybe this was the feeling that Sis and Akito had when they spoke of my adopted brother?
It was then that it dawned on me that Isaac was probably the type of person that Grandpa wanted me to be when I grew up. Smart, fast, talented, someone who could save people from being eaten. Just like the previous Michael Matsumoto.  But instead I was the guy standing behind him. The guy who had no idea what to do, and had to be constantly saved. The guy who was no better than a regular person and couldn't even beat a low-level cat monster.  
I wasn't sure who Grandpa really was, but the idea of having disappointed him sent a stab of pain through my chest. Grandpa must have had such high expectations, and I couldn't fulfill any of them. What would he say if he could see how useless I had become? My eyes felt sore and I could feel tears begin to swell and threaten to roll out of my eyes.
Isaac finished his conversation with Akito and flipped his phone shut. He turned to see me rubbing my eyes with my sleeve.
“Hey, are you crying again?” He asked.
“No, shut up, there's just something in my eye.”
I thought he was going to tease me again, but he decided to let me be. “We better go, it's getting dark,” he said while staring out into the forest before us.” Akito's going to put up the fence so we need to be back soon.” 
He extended his hand out to help me up. I took it and felt the rough crevices of a teenager who had trained everyday since he was five.
Grandpa may have given me my name in the hope that I would grow up to be someone like his dead son, but it would never be. The only person who could ever be like the real Michael Matsumoto was Isaac.
 

Chapter 22

“But how did she find me?” I asked.
“I can only guess that she heard rumors of another Michael Matsumoto living in this area," replied Akito. "Maybe from people, other monsters, young exorcists doing funny impressions of you when you're not around,” he looked directly at Tyson and Kurt.
Kurt shrugged his shoulders and attempted to appear innocent. “What, it was only once, or twice.”
After fleeing from the fox monster Isaac and I luckily made it back to headquarters safely. The other exorcists and I were sitting in the front room as we held an emergency meeting with Akito. I expected everyone else to share my panic and fear, but they were unexpectedly relaxed (and still continued to fool around) except for Akito's face which looked like he was at a funeral.
Akito then shoved us all into the kitchen to explain his battle plan. I could tell that he was really into it when he pulled out the kitchen utensils and started positioning them around the table like chess pieces. The fox was a fork, and I was a pepper shaker. Katie wasn't pleased that she was the sugar bowl, and wanted to know why she was suddenly fatter than everyone else. She was changed to a fork, but apparently that wasn't good enough either. Fighting ensued until Akito gave up and threw everything off the table.
“The plan is simple,” said an exasperated Akito. “We put up the fence and lure the fox here. We'll keep it in the vicinity by using Michael as bait until the re-enforcements arrive. They'll sneak up and attack her from behind, while we bring down the fence and attack from the front.  We then attack it from both sides until its bye bye foxy,” I could tell that he was attempting to be humorous, but it didn't suit Akito and no one laughed
“Wait, you're going to use me as bait?” I cried.
“All you have to do is stay in her range of vision, you'll be behind the fence so there's nothing to worry about,” said Akito. “We just need her to stay within eye-sight and remain distracted for a few hours, the last thing we need is her fleeing off into the bushes.”
I had a terrible feeling about this until I realized it was fear.
“It shouldn't be too hard,” said Akito when he noticed my face was contorted in horror. “I have a feeling that she's been watching you for sometime.”
“Are you saying that I have a stalker?”
“It's not just that, I wouldn't be surprised if she's known about this place since long ago. You're adopted brother died not too far from here, it wouldn't surprise me if she never left this town.”
It mortified me to know that the fox monster may have been here the whole time. I had innocently gone along with my day to day life without realizing that death was only inches away. Grandpa had once said that I could grow up and give the fox monster a run for its money, but the best thing I could probably do was to actually run. 
“It's OK,” said Laurence in an attempt to comfort me. “Foxes are very obsessive. If it makes you feel better one of my ancestors got on the wrong side of a fox monster and it came back to terrorize the family for six generations. It did lots of crazy stuff like kill the livestock, splatter blood on the house, and eat the first born-child. Eventually they killed it. But it must have been at least five hundred years old.”
I stood there with my mouth open in horror. I didn't think it was possible to feel any more terrified, but I'd clearly been mistaken. “What! That's terrible! How is that supposed to make me feel better! Do you even comprehend the terrible stuff that comes out of your mouth?”
“Wow, that was pretty mean Michael,” said Tyson sternly.
“Geez,” said Kurt. “Just because a crazy fox monster is trying to kill you doesn't mean you have to be such a dick.”
“This isn't just about you,” added Katie. “The rest of us are in danger as well.”
In my panicked state I decided to call my sister. I needed to know that she and the rest of my family were safe, and no fox had come to rip them up and scatter their remains over the town square like Laurence's great-grandfather.
“There's nothing to worry about,” said Sis who had already received a warning from Akito. “I put up a barrier, and Steve went on a business trip. Sophie and I should be fine. The one you should be worrying about the most is yourself.”
“Yeah,” I replied into my cell phone. “But I'm really scared Sis, what if they can't stop it? What if she develops a taste for Matsumoto and goes after you and Sophie next?”
“Michael, that's ridiculous,” her voice began to waver. “Please promise me that you'll listen to Akito and won't do anything stupid. I don't know what I would do if........” I could hear the sound of muffled sobbing on the other side.
I felt a sudden pain in my chest and I felt terrible for making her cry. “Please don't be sad Sis,” I said gently. “Akito and all the other exorcists are here so nothing is going to happen, I'll see you tomorrow.”
Sis attempted to say more, but she was having difficulty getting all the words out amongst the sobbing. All she managed to say was a muffled goodbye before she hung up the phone. 
I feel terrible now that I know I won't ever go back, and everything I said was the equivalent of lying. I realize that Sis is probably used to death, but the last thing I wanted was to become another dead relative who would make her cry.
I didn't believe that there was really something out there which could stop the fox monster, so I demanded to see the fence. Isaac volunteered and took me outside for a look. The garden didn't look any different, but when I reached out my hand it hit an invisible wall which sent a small shock through my hand. I reared back in shock and rubbed my fingers which now felt numb.
“This fence is only effective against monsters and people who have traces of monster blood such as exorcists,” explained Isaac. “Any regular person has no trouble passing through.”
“Wow,” I said in awe. I had another go until the fence sparked electricity and my hand went numb and limp.  I poked it continuously, but it was impossible to feel anything.
Despite Akito assuring me that the fence was full proof, he decided to take other necessary precautions in case the charms failed or the fox sneaked through. Everyone was busy setting up traps around the perimeter, and I'd noticed them dividing rooms off into sections with the use of sliding doors. 
Nina was also outside dropping various trinkets onto the ground. I watched as she pulled one from the bag. She quickly became distracted by the design, and began turning it back and forth in the fading light. It appeared to be a small faded blue box which was covered in insignias.
“Hey Nina, what are you up to?” I asked.
“Laying charms,” she said with the same lack of energy I had witnessed the previous day. “I don't know if it will be much help, but I should do something.”
"I'm sure these guys will be a big help," I said to reassure her. I picked up another which she'd just placed on the ground (a small metal disk) and brushed away the flaking paint. I once mistook them as Akito's junk collection and I was subjected to a three hour lecture about the importance of every one. They acted a bit like charms, but they didn't burn like paper. Some were easy to understand and had already been inscribed with insignias such as fire, water, or lightning. There were more which Akito had displayed in a glass cabinet, but they were all so old that most people had forgotten what they did. I occasionally tapped the glass and stared at them, but Akito refused to hand over the key and let me take a closer look.
I was quite content with talking to the others in order to forget my fear, but Akito said this ruined the effectiveness of his plan and tried to make me stand outside in the open. I protested, so eventually he allowed me to sit on the verandah while Tyson kept watch.
 Kurt wanted to paint a giant sign proclaiming eat me, but even Akito thought that was a bit excessive.
I shuffled my feet and crossed them, then uncrossed them, and then I sat facing the forest until I couldn't take it anymore and had to turn around. I would poke my head into the next room every once in a while and stare at Annie and Isaac who were frantically writing out paper charms. Katie, Nina, Laurence, and Kurt had been assigned different tasks, and Akito was in his study keeping the main branch updated. I stared into the forest in fear, and scanned the trees for the fox monster which could suddenly pop up at any given moment.  
“Nervous much?” Asked Tyson.
“Shut up,” I hissed. Unlike me Tyson was sitting lethargically against the wall and appeared as cool as a cucumber. Maybe it was the confidence he had in his own abilities, or the gun stashed behind the wall, but I was envious of his attitude.
Somehow I had always known, maybe since Grandpa showed me the picture in that book, that the fox monster was eventually going to come and rip my heart out. I always had a feeling that my life would end by her hands, right here, right now. I decided to voice these thoughts to Tyson. Maybe then he could finally understand the terror which was threatening to consume me.
“That's the most ridiculous piece of crap I've ever heard,” he said after I had finished. “Now you're just being dramatic!”
“It's true!” I yelled back. “I know I can't explain how, but I have this psychic feeling deep down inside.”
“No one knows when they're going to die.”
“But maybe it's my special exorcist power!” I was going to tell him about how monsters made Isaac want to puke, but then I remembered my promise not to tell the others.
Tyson went silent for another few minutes until he opened his mouth again. “The reason why guys die is because they think they're talking to a hot chick and then she catches them off guard. We already know what she is and she's lost the element of surprise. The rest shouldn't be too hard to take care off.”
“I supposed,” I muttered. For the first time that evening I felt like I might survive to see the sunrise. Unfortunately, that feeling didn't last for long. I glanced back to find the fox monster smiling manically while staring out at us from amongst the trees. She must have returned home to take a bath and change her outfit, because her long hair was flawlessly groomed, and she was dressed in a blood-red summer kimono.
I instantly lunged at Tyson. “She's come to rip my heart out!” I cried.
Tyson attempted to pry my grip from his neck. “You don't know what you're doing, you're panicking!”
“I'm not panicking, this is justified terror!”
“Look, you saw it with your own eyes right? Nothing can get past the fence, not even her!”
I glanced back and screamed in terror. She had moved another few feet closer while I wasn't watching.
“Don't pay any attention to her, she's just messing with your head,” he hissed.
“OK,” I looked away and fixed my eyes firmly on Tyson. All I had to do was sit there and keep her preoccupied until the reinforcements came. I could sit there and chat while pretending that there wasn't a vicious monster coming to rip my insides out.
“Michael Matsumoto,” her voice blew through the trees like the wind. 
I wanted to wet myself. “Why, why me!” I moaned in fear.
“Michael Matsumoto,” She said. “Please come out, I want to play.”
“It's OK,” said Tyson nervously as he locked eyes with her. “Nothing can get past our defenses.”
As he predicted, I heard a familiar crackling noise as the monster hit the invisible fence. I turned around, smiled and expected to be greeted with the sight of her withering in fear (like my hand which still felt numb) but she just stood there like it was nothing. Her face was blank and expressionless as the electricity crackled around her. I was certain that today was going to be our victory until she took a step forward, then another. At long last it appeared that the pull of the fence was beginning to push her back, but she scrunched up her flawless face in concentration and attempted to step through. It looked like it took a decent amount of effort, but within half a minute she finally managed to get her right foot through the barricade and safely on to our side. I felt the bottom drop out of my stomach when I realized that my fate was sealed.
There was nothing more we could do, she was already through.

Chapter 23 
 
My eyes were completely transfixed on my approaching death which was slowly creeping inches closer. I found it odd how she wasn't rushing. The fox monster was taking one step after another in a slow rhythm. I guess that she didn't need to be hasty. She knew that we were trapped and she could take her sweet time ripping us limb from limb. 
     “Oh shit!" Tyson cried. I was still trying to comprehend she broke through the impenetrable fence, when Tyson grabbed me by the arm and dragged me into the next room. He opened and slammed the sliding door with so much force that I was certain it would shatter. Annie and Isaac were sitting at a small table, and both jumped in shock and looked up from the charms they were painting.
“Tyson," said Annie. “Don't slam the door like that I... Hey, is there something wrong?” She asked when she noticed the panic on his face.   
Tyson threw me at Isaac, who had to put his hands up to prevent our heads from colliding.
“It's too late, she's through!” Tyson yelled. “You guys need to get out of here now. Find Akito, make him take down the fence, and run. I'll hold her off.”
Annie blinked and her mouth opened and shut like she didn't know what to say. Isaac also looked at Tyson blankly like he too had confidence in the fence and couldn't comprehend its failure.  
“What are you waiting for?” Tyson yelled.
Isaac nodded and pushed me towards the other door. Annie was still frozen to the spot, so he was forced to grab her by the arm and drag her off the ground. “Come on Annie, we have to go now,” he said. It was the first time I could detect hints of panic in Isaac's voice.
“Tyson,” was the last thing Annie said before we were out of there and through to the next room. 
That was the last time we saw Tyson. I'm still unsure what happened, and I'd like to hope that the fox monster knocked him out of the way (and he's peacefully lying in a bush somewhere) but he may have been the appetizer.
Isaac, Annie, and I began our dash towards Akito and freedom. Usually it would have taken less than a minute to reach his study, but to my surprise the main room was suddenly filled with sliding doors. Most of them appeared to be made from wood, but there were also a few fashioned from steel and glass. There were also a few with mirrors attached which reminded me of being at a carnival. Each door opened in a different direction, so it sometimes took almost a minute to get it open. I was at a loss at how the system worked, so I left Isaac and Annie to push them open before securely locking them again once more.
“I don't get it!” I yelled as I helped Annie slide another one shut. “Wouldn't this be easier without so many doors in our way?!”
“They're here to help us!!” Isaac yelled back. All three of us clearly panicked and there was a lot of yelling going on. “They act as a maze, hopefully we can buy some time by trapping her in here!”
“I see. Take that fox monster!” I yelled out behind us as I rushed to open another door. I felt more confident when I thought she was going to get lost or become distracted by her own reflection.  “Prepare to fall by the all mighty power of the Exor-!” 
It was then that I slammed into something in the middle of the next room. At first I could feel nothing but long hair and I screamed in fear (thinking that she had finally caught us) until I realized I'd run face first into Katie.
“Hey, watch it!” Katie scolded as she picked up a spanner from the ground.” Can’t you see we have important work to do?”
Laurence was also standing behind her with a screwdriver in his hand. I can only guess that they'd been fixing all the doors into place. 
“Hey Michael!” He said enthusiastically while screwing another panel. “Shouldn't you guys be on the verandah?”
Katie on the other hand was quick to notice the panic on our faces. “Hey, where's Tyson?” She asked nervously.” Shouldn’t he be with you guys?”
“He's distracting the fox monster,” said Annie as she locked another door.
“No way,” Katie said. Her mouth opened and shut like a fish as she struggled for words. “How is that possib-”
“We don't have time!” Isaac yelled. “We need to find Akito now!”
Katie looked like she had more to say, but she closed her mouth and nodded her head. “Right, he should still be in his-”
Katie didn't get to finish. The door behind us suddenly toppled forward before we had the chance to brace ourselves. I found myself squashed flat with my head resting against the floor, and the weight of the door threatening to crush me. Luckily it was made of wood so it wasn't enough to kill us, but I heard Annie scream out in pain. 
I could see nothing but stars, but fortunately Isaac and Katie quickly begin pushing the door away. I crawled out from underneath only to discover that every door between us and outside had toppled over like dominoes. I felt despair when I realized there was nothing standing between us and the heart eating monster.
“No, how is this possible,” hissed Katie. “Those doors should withstand any attack.”
“Because it's the fox monster,” said Annie. 
Her gaze was frozen towards the verandah and I followed her line of vision to see the monster draped lethargically over the railing. She looked at us like she was eyeing off her next meal, and I swear saliva was dripping from her mouth. There was no sign of Tyson anywhere, but at least he wasn't splattered all over the foyer like the exorcists in my sister's horror stories.
“Michael Matsumoto's heart was so delicious,” said the fox monster. “I thought it would be impossible to savor the taste, but let's see how you do, young Michael Matsumoto.”
I was certain we had no choice but to run, but Katie stood her ground and didn't show an ounce of fear. 
“So it's come to this, huh,” she said while glaring at the monster. “I never thought it would be you and me up against this fox bitch Isaac.”  
“You can say that again.” Isaac pulled a handful of charms out of his pocket and threw some over to Katie, who snatched them up in her fist. 
“Where's Kurt when you need him,” she muttered. “He certainly picked a great time to be a scardy cat”
Annie also managed to produce a collapsible pole which had been strapped to her leg, and Laurence pressed the on button of his screwdriver with so much enthusiasm that it looked like a weapon. I felt like I should also suddenly produce a mystic weapon, but Katie shoved me behind them and out of the way. 
All I could see were their backs. Isaac, Katie, Annie, and Laurence were all prepared to fight and die against a monster that was only after me. It seemed so pointless when I knew we didn't stand a chance. I was certain that if the monster had me, she'd probably leave everyone else alone. We may have already lost Tyson, but there was no reason for any more of my friends to die. I decided to propose this idea before it was too late.
“Guys!” I yelled out to get their attention. “I'm the one she wants, you should hand me over and save yourselves!”
“Yeah, maybe that's not such a bad idea,” Katie shrugged like she was mulling it over. “Not,” she said with a wink.
“Don't be ridiculous, we're all friends, right,” said Annie. “As if we would just run away and let you die.”
“I don't want to watch anyone I like die again either,” added Isaac.
“But she could kill you!” I shouted.
“Whether we die or not is our own decision, it's not up to you,” said Katie. “You can run if you want to, but I'm going to stay and fight.”
I wanted to convince them all to run for their lives, but I was overwhelmed by their strength and dedication and the words died in my throat. “Guys,” I mumbled.
 I felt touched. I couldn't believe that these people, who were all strangers a few months ago, were all willing to give their lives up for me. Until that moment I'd thought of them as nothing more than a bunch of moody teens who constantly bickered with each other, but my mind was suddenly flooded with positive memories of our time together. I remembered studying in the library with Nina, eating lunch with Annie and Isaac, sun-baking with Laurence, telling jokes with Tyson and Kurt, and Katie......When I stopped and thought about it, I realized I never spent much time with Katie. I was certain we had nothing in common, but her willingness to protect me raised my opinion of her tenfold.  
“You're also underestimating us,” said Katie. “We're exorcists after all, it's our job to beat up monsters like this,” she said as she wrapped the paper charm around the spanner in her hand. It began to drip water and Katie pelted it towards the monster. “Ready Isaac!”
I caught a glance of Isaac whip out a paper charm and a ball of lightning went flying towards the fox monster.
“As expected of Isaac!” I yelled out in encouragement. I expected to see the fox blown into little pieces, but she simply raised her arm to block the attack. Her sleeve was charred in the process, but other than that she was completely unharmed. Katie's spanner also missed, and it exploded into a tidal wave of water when it landed in the garden outside.
“Shit,” Katie swore as she grabbed Laurence's drill from his hand, attached a charm, and went in for another hit which the monster also dodged. “What is this shit,” I heard her swear. “I never miss!”
I searched the ground for something I could use. There had to be a trinket lying around somewhere which could cause her damage. I couldn't stand not being able to do anything. I checked the debris around my feet while Isaac and Katie continued throwing charms at the monster with little success. I thought that maybe together they could get a hit in, until Katie yelled “shit! Where has she gone?” Like a banshee.
I glanced up to find that the monster had disappeared from sight. The space before us was silent and empty, and as much as I wished that she'd gotten bored and gone home, I knew that couldn't be possible.
We all looked around frantically to decipher her location, and I suspected that she was planning to jump out when we least expected it. Unfortunately, I neglected to look above my head, which was where she decided to attack. I didn't even realize that the monster was diving towards me until Annie jumped out between us. She raised her pole to block the attack, but the monster was too powerful. Annie's arms collapsed beneath the weight, and she was thrown to the ground with the monster on top of her poised to rip her face off. 
“Annie!” Katie yelled as she threw her shoulder into the fox with enough force to knock her away. The monster and Katie both fell to the floor in a heap, and Katie looked prepared to activate another charm, before the fox hissed and slapped Katie in the face with enough force to send her flying into the wall. Katie's head hit the window frame with a bang and she slumped to the floor unconscious.
“Katie!” Yelled Laurence. He attempted to rush to her aid before the fox monster grabbed him by the ankle and sent him flying outside.
Isaac, Annie, and I were now the only ones remaining against the terrifying monster. I helped Annie to her feet while Isaac stood before us and the monster. He was poised and ready to attack with a charm held out before him, and another several were stuffed in his remaining hand. He and the fox monster eyed each other off, and it looked like she saw him as a legitimate threat. Her eyes were dark and serious, and maybe she hadn't forgotten how he'd thrown her into the wall that afternoon. 
Annie stumbled and tried to regain her balance. There was blood dripping from her forehead and she appeared shaken, but that didn't affect her resolve. She dived her hand into her pocket and brought out a charm in an attempt to aid Isaac.
“Hey Michael,” said Isaac without taking his eyes off the fox monster. “I want you to take Annie and run.”
“No way!” Protested Annie. “I'm not leaving you!”
“But there's nothing you can do here!” Isaac shouted.
“I'm not leaving you alone!” Annie rushed towards Isaac, but he pushed her back towards me with so much force that I almost toppled backwards. 
“Remember our promise!” He yelled. He didn't need to say anymore because I already understood the meaning behind his words. I grabbed a reluctant Annie by the wrist and dragged her into the closest room which still had a door withstanding. I pushed it shut with all my strength just in time to see Isaac throw several charms towards the monster. I wanted to help him, but I knew there was nothing either of us could do and I needed to save Annie. I thought that if we could reach Akito in time, the remaining exorcists and I could hopefully escape.
“Come on Annie, let's get this door open,” I said as I fiddled with the lock.
“No,” said Annie while shaking her head. “I'm not leaving Isaac.”
“We don't have any choice.”
“No,” she said as the tears began running down her face. “We have to help him.”
“You heard him, he wants you to go!” I yelled out in frustration. There was no way I could open the next door without her help.
“I'm not leaving him to die!” She yelled and attempted to rush back. I grabbed her by the wrist and began dragging her away. 
“What would Isaac do if you got hurt?” I said. “What would I do if you got hurt?”
“No, no, no!” She continued to protest.
I attempted to pull her forward, but her fingers slipped through my sweaty grip and she dashed towards the door. I lunged out to stop her, but Annie never got the opportunity to open the lock. There was a slashing sound, like someone tearing through paper, and the door suddenly split into two. It fell away in opposite directions until you could see directly into the previous room, and the terrifying sight awaiting me. 
The fox monster stood there completely unharmed with a smirk plastered across her face. Isaac was slumped unconscious against the wall, like he too hadn't been able to resist the fox monster's strength. There were several holes in the floor like he'd put up a good fight, but even a genius like him didn't stand a chance. 
I thought an unconscious Isaac would have been enough to send Annie into a fit of tears, but she suddenly toppled face first to the floor. I wondered how she could be injured when the fox monster hadn't made a move, but when the blood started pooling around Annie's head, I realized she must have been slashed along with the door. 
“Annie!” I yelled out in a panic.
I hoped it was nothing and she would soon pull herself to her feet, but when she continued to remain motionless and bleeding I was overcome by a feeling of dread.
 “Annie!” I tried again, but there was no response. 
I felt my body turn numb. No, it couldn't be, I attempted to assure myself. There was no way that Annie would die. Annie, who had always been so cheery and helpful, couldn't possibly perish in a pool of her own blood like this. If Annie died, she could never hang out with us again. She could never fight with Tyson, she could never go to school, and she would never see her sixteenth birthday. I felt my eyes burn as I began to imagine a life without Annie. There would be an empty seat at every exorcist meeting. Nobody would stand up for me against Kurt, nobody would greet me with a smile, and nobody would like my Hello Kitty lunches. I didn't know how I could ever face Isaac again if I allowed Annie to die.
I felt tears begin to form in my eyes, but I fought them back. Until that moment I'd always cried and relied on everyone else to save me. I was a useless human being who never helped anyone, but I swore this time would be different. This time I would definitely save my friends. 
I glared at the monster and narrowed my eyes in rage as I felt hate form within the depths of my soul. 
“Now, that's a nice face,” she said with a smirk. “I do love it when my food gets fired up, but that expression reminds me of someone unpleasant," she said with a scowl. 
If this was a comic book, the shock of seeing Annie lying in a deathlike state would have been enough to bring out my latent special powers, which would suddenly come forth and help save the day. But in reality I was just another fifteen year-old high school student who was up against an ancient monster. There was nothing someone like me could do, but I wasn't going to let that stop me from trying. 
I pulled my only charm from my pocket. It was a fire charm I had written a few days ago, and I'd stashed it there in case the fox monster broke through. I never had the chance to test it (I probably should have) but there was no time for doubt.
I placed it between my fingers and poured every ounce of concentration I possessed into creating a giant fireball which would save the day. I was certain that all the hours I spent meditating would finally pay off.
“Fox monster! Prepare yourself!” I yelled as the paper caught fire. It burned brightly for a moment, and I swore it was a success, until the flames suddenly died out and left only a small trail of smoke. 
The fox monster blinked and her face broke out into a grin. I expected her to soon separate my heart from my chest, but instead she almost fell to the floor with laughter.
“Michael Matsumoto,” she giggled. “How you amuse me.”
I dropped the charm and started slowly inching towards the next door while she was busy gasping for breath amongst the fits of laughter. I needed to find a weapon immediately, otherwise Annie and the others were done for. 
“Ha, ha, yes, funny,” I said. “That's what I am,” I frantically grabbed the next lock and shook it in a panic, but it refused to budge. 
“It's almost a shame that I have to eat you when you're so entertaining,” she said as she wiped the saliva away from her mouth with her sleeve. “But I have waited a long time for this.”
She began fiddling with her kimono, and produced a napkin from her pocket along with a knife and fork. She must have known that I had nowhere to run, so there was no reason for her to hurry. I pressed myself against the wall in terror and tried not to wet myself. I was certain that all I was, and everything I'd ever done, was going to come to an end. I could only hope that the rest of my friends wouldn't share my terrible fate.
It was then that the room began filling with smoke. At first I assumed it was my failed charm, until I noticed how the smoke was seeping into the room from under the door behind me. It engulfed the room until it was almost impossible to see the monster amongst the fog.
“What's this?” She coughed.
There was a click of a lock, and the door slid open behind me. A hand lunged forth, took hold of my elbow, and yanked me out of the room and into the corridor. I was about to scream out in shock, before a hand firmly covered my mouth. I looked up to see the familiar face of a man in his mid thirties.
“Ahio,” said my muffled voice through his hands. 
“Shhhh,” Akito hushed, and he quickly yanked me into his study.










Chapter 24

In case you've already forgotten, Akito, Nina, and I were all hiding in the study until the fox monster broke the door down. I didn't think things could get any worse, until Akito decided to back-stab me by holding a knife to my throat. I'm still uncertain if he intends to hand me over, or do the deed himself, but the sight of that blade caused my entire life to flash before my eyes. 
I was busy contemplating whether I should call the tale of my demise how I was murdered by a fox monster, or how I was murdered by my backstabbing lame teacher, when Nina's panicked voice suddenly interrupted my thoughts.
“You're going to do what!” She yelled.
I snapped to attention and suddenly realized where I was and what was happening. Instead of being terrified and silent, Nina suddenly looked frantic. Something must have happened while I was busy recounting the past few months of my life. 
“But that doesn't make any sense!” She yelled.
The fox monster was also preoccupied by very important life decisions. “Lunch, dinner, snack,” she said as her finger wavered between us. “No, maybe the little one can be breakfast.”
Like Nina I also wanted to yell at Akito, but I was too terrified that any sudden movements might cause him to slip and stab me.
“We have no other choice,” said Akito. “It's a long shot, but I can't think of anything else.”
“But.. But...But..” Was all Nina said in reply as her face scrunched up in confusion. “That can't be possible.”
“What's going on here Akito?” I asked as I began pushing his arm away so I could have the space to breathe.
Akito lowered the blade and I felt most of my anxiety diminish. I thought he was finally going to give me the explanation I'd been waiting for, but what he said next just left me lost and confused.
“As I said before,” Akito said as he looked directly into my eyes. “I'm going to loosen one of the seals on your back.”
“Loosen one of the seals on my back,” I muttered. “What's that supposed-” I didn't get a chance to finish my question because Akito and his giant knife were already moving closer towards me.
 “Hey, hey Akito!” I screamed in fear.
The fear and terror must have sent him mad. I was trapped between a deadly fox monster and my loony mentor. I felt betrayed. I had naively trusted Akito with my life and now he was going to back stab me for real. Maybe he thought that if he killed me then the fox monster would get bored and go home. Or maybe he was offering me as a gift in return for sparing the rest of their lives.
I tried my best to shuffle as far away from Akito as possible, but he firmly grabbed my shoulder and pushed me to the floor.
"Akito what are you doing?” Screamed Nina. She attempted to pull him off me, but Akito shoved her away.
"I'm sorry, I wish I didn't have to do this, but there's no other way."
"Nooooo," I cried. "I don't want to die yet, I'm only fifteen! Just wait until my sister hears about this!"
I felt the cold blade pierce the skin on my back.
And then everything went black.





The Final Chapter

Everything was black for as far as I could see. I could feel a cool chill against my skin, and I wondered if this was what heaven felt like. I had always hoped that if I died then maybe Grandpa would be waiting for me, or maybe even my missing parents and the mysteries of my childhood would finally be solved, but instead there was nothing but darkness. I felt pretty cheated. Dying at fifteen was bad enough, but dying with so many unanswered questions was even worse. I raised my fist to shake it in rage at God or the devil or whoever had created this dark and depressing afterlife, but all I could feel was the sensation of my skin brushing up against fabric.
I continued moving my arms around frantically, and discovered that I still had feeling in my arms and legs. With much effort I forced my eyes open to find not the gates of heaven, but the water damaged ceiling of headquarters.
The cool chill I had experienced was the wind blowing through the window beside me. I sighed in relief. It looked like the fox attack had just been a terrible dream and I was still sleeping in Isaac's room. In a few hours my alarm would ring and I could happily skip to school without any crazy fox women pursuing me. I slowly turned to close the window, only to find that there was no window, but a giant hole where the wall used to be.
“My god,” I whispered and sat up to take a closer look. So it wasn't a dream after all. What I thought was a blanket was actually a large coat, and it slid off as soon as I stood up to examine the damage. The hole was huge, even Kurt and his whole group of friends could easily fit through. I looked out into the garden in the hope of seeing the fox monster's charred remains, but there was nothing but broken trees and flower beds. 
“What happened here?” I whispered to myself.
The room was dark, but I could still see the damage from the battle in the moonlight. There were holes in the walls and floor from where we had fought the monster, but I could have sworn that there were more than before. It was like some massive battle had taken place and I'd been asleep for all of it. It was just my luck that I had missed the fight of the century. Maybe I'd passed out when Akito stabbed my back.
“My back!” My hand quickly flew to my back, but to my surprise there were no marks from where Akito had tried to kill me. There was just the same scarring pattern as before. The scene in the office had been too crazy and terrifying for me to have imagined it all. Maybe I'd passed out from fear just before the reinforcements arrived and saved me from an early death.
“Annie!” I cried. I couldn’t believe that I’d almost forgotten about her. I was lying in the same room as where the fox monster had attacked us, but all the doors had been dismantled and taken away. I searched the room for any sign of my friend, but there was nothing but a dark patch on the carpet from where Annie had fallen. Maybe she was alright, maybe they had taken her to get help in time. 
The only light in the room was the crack in the door between the living room and the kitchen. I slowly crept towards it. I could hear unfamiliar voices talking.
“We really don't know what we're dealing with, if what you say is true, then we could have a potentially more dangerous monster on our hands,” said the voice of an elderly man who I didn't recognize. “There's no way of knowing what he'll be like when he wakes up. It may be better to eliminate the threat now while we still have a chance.”
“I returned everything to the way it was,” said Akito. “And I have faith that the seals will hold. There hasn't been a single incident in the past ten years.”
“Until now,” said the old man.
“Only because I released them,” protested Akito.
“Why are we even talking about this, aren’t you supposed to be exorcists. You should get rid of it now while it’s guard is down,” said Isaac.
“Why, that's a great idea young man,” said the old man. “Spoken like a true exorcist.”
“I think you're being rash,” said Akito.
“He's right,” said another unrecognizable voice. “Akito's the expert here so maybe we should do as he says. What do you think Hugo?”
“It doesn't matter,” said someone who sounded depressed. “I'll just do whatever the rest of you want me too, that's how things always end up anyway.”
The door was slightly ajar and I peered through the crack to see the reinforcements who may have saved my life. There was an elderly looking man with white hair and a beard who was sitting across the table from Akito. There was another man in his twenties with short brown hair and dressed completely in black, who I assumed must have been Hugo, and there was also another guy with glasses who reminded me of Akito, except his hair was longer and more dishevelled like he spent more time in the field instead of doing paperwork. He was bandaging Nina's head as she sat on the kitchen counter looking annoyed. Her hair was dishevelled and she was covered in bruises, but to my relief she looked mostly fine.
“I'm not a kid, I can do this myself,” she pouted.
“If you're not a kid then you should have put up more of a fight,” said the guy with glasses while tightening her bandage. “What would our parents say if they found out you spent most of the battle hiding.
“But Akito made me!” 
Isaac was also leaning against the fridge while holding a bag of frozen peas to his head like an ice pack. He was tapping his foot anxiously on the floor. “If we keep waiting it could be too late,” he muttered. “We're wasting time in here.”
 I wondered if they were talking about the fox monster. I assumed they'd beaten it, but maybe it had just run away and planned to come back later. The anxiety was killing me, I had to know what had happened.   
I took a deep breath and pushed the door open.
“Hey everybody!”
I expected everyone to be angry and annoyed (like all the other times I burst into meetings whenever I felt like it) but instead everyone jumped back in fear like I'd caught some sort of contagious disease.
“It's come to eat us!” Hugo shrieked. 
“By god, what is he doing here Akito?!” Exclaimed the older man. “I thought you told the fat one to watch him.”
“It's nice to meet you too,” I said while feeling annoyed. These new exorcists obviously didn't have any social skills. Maybe they'd spent too much time in the field and had forgotten how to talk to teenagers. I grabbed a biscuit off the counter and began to munch on it. I knew it probably wasn’t the appropriate time for eating, but I was famished. “Where's the fox monster?” I asked while looking around the room. “Did you guys kill it? It must have been some epic battle right? With super powerful exorcist charms and weapons. I saw the giant hole in the wall, it was completely insane.”
“Don't you remember?” Asked Nina. Her voice was shaking.
“Remember what?” I asked.  
Everyone was staring at me like I was a madman, but Akito was the only one in the room who still appeared normal. “Michael,” was all he was able to say before Isaac narrowed his face in rage, grabbed a knife off the counter, and came running towards me.
I didn't have enough time for my mind to process what was happening. I quickly raised my arm and stepped back to block his attack, but Hugo managed to grab his waist and Akito grabbed his arm. It was enough to stop his assault but Isaac wriggled and squirmed with all his might. Isaac looked like he was ready to hurl the knife towards me before Akito quickly pried his fingers away from the blade and it fell to the kitchen floor with a clang.
“Don't you see? He's one of them,” Isaac protested. “You saw it, what he became back there.” His eyes narrowed in hatred and fear.
“Isaac?” I asked in bewilderment.
“Shut up you filthy monster,” he hissed.
I was shocked. I stood there in silence, searching for something to say. “H..h..Hey, what's with you today, you can't be serious, this is all some joke right?” I laughed. 
I thought everyone else would start laughing too, but their faces were dead serious. Even Nina was looking at me in fear. When I attempted to make eye contact, her gaze fell to the floor, and she quickly shuffled behind Akito like he was a human shield.
 First Akito and now Isaac as well, what was up with today?
“Hey guys? What's up with you all today, you're all acting weird?”
The old guy with the beard coughed, and nodded at Akito. Akito sighed and pulled out a piece of paper from his pocket. “Let me explain Michael.” He closed his eyes in concentration, began to chant a mantra, and the paper began to glow a brilliant blue. “Michael you know what this is right?”
“It's a location charm,” I said while remembering the day that Akito had used it to find monsters on the mountain top.
“Then you should remember that although the charm glows when in the presence of exorcists, it begins to glow brighter once you get closer to a monster, correct?” 
“Yeah,” I said. “But what does that have to do with me?”
“Look at this charm Michael,” he said. “Now watch what it does when I come closer to you,” he said as he slowly walked towards me. The charm was already bright, but it began to glow more intensely with every step, until Akito deposited it into my hand. My hands began to shake as I stared at the paper which was glowing brighter than I'd ever seen before.  
This had to be some sort of sick joke, there was no way that it could be true.
“Do you understand now Matsumoto?” Said Isaac with a twisted grin as the other exorcists held him back. “You're not human like the rest of us, you're a monster.”
 
   To be continued in The Monster Exorcist New Foes



By M. C. Queen

Want to know what happens next.? Feel free to grab the next book “The Monster Exorcist New Foes” here on Payhip https://payhip.com/b/oBhH Enter the coupon code 7SCEZE7HLN for 25% off.

You can also grab a copy on Smashwords https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/617088  

Feel free to follow M.C.Queen for news, information and more.

 Website
http://www.mcqueenwrites.blogspot.com/

Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/mcqueen.author

Twitter
https://twitter.com/m_c_queen




 
