
The Golden Elk

Jon Jacks


Other New Adult and Children’s books by Jon Jacks

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  The Veil  –  Petals: Portals of Desire  –  Ripppples
The Deep and Secret Yes

Text copyright© 2020 Jon Jacks
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 
Thank you for your support.



Chapter 1

The immense stone, so much larger than any others nearby, was surrounded by what could be a fence: yet it was a fence of antlers, and deliberately entangled too, it seemed to Sieidi.
She had never seen anything like it before. And she was only seeing it now, of course, because she’d made sure to avoid the bear she’d seen ambling over the hills lying by the edge of the forest.
As she drew closer, she realised the antlers were partially stained a dark crimson, as if with spilt and splattered blood.
There was more of this blood, apparently mixed with fat or lard, liberally encasing an upright pole that had been hammered into the ground just beyond the stone – granting it all the appearance of a beleaguered and beached sailboat.
Who’d go to the trouble to create such an horrific edifice?
Sieidi turned away in disgust, realising now why she and every other child were warned to avoid the outlying areas of the upper reaches of the river that sustained their village.
There was something else that was odd too: she could no longer see the sparkling of the sun as it reflected off the river.
Surely it should still be close enough for her to see it?
She headed off in the direction she believed it should lie, taking into account her previous sightings of the flickering fire wall thrown up by the sun’s bright glare. Once she found the river, she could follow it back towards the safety of the village.
She arrived on the river bank far sooner than she’d begun to expect, there been no sounds of rushing water to alert her it was close: for the river had all but gone, reduced to little more than a trickle that was no wider than a brook.
The river’s bed was almost dry, with only a few of the stones lying either side of the sickly stream still glittering with a silvery sheen. What had originally been a mighty, impassable river was now a trough carved roughly into the landscape, a scattering of perfectly smooth boulders lying amongst a sheet of pebbles being the only signs that this was indeed the river’s long-established course.
Farther up into the hills, clans of beavers must have dammed its beginnings, redirecting it towards new areas.
She’d never been on the other side of the river.
There wasn’t any bridge for miles in either direction. The waters had never, ever been shallow enough to allowing fording. And boats were expensive, and hard to come by.
Still…she was already walking around an area declared out of bounds to every villager but the elders.
She was about to turn for home when she heard a mournful drumming coming from the other side of the now extinct river.


*


Chapter 2

She would approach whoever was drumming warily, naturally: keeping hidden within the thick covering of bushes and trees.
She easily hopped across the dribbling brook. It was no barrier at all to her now.
The forest edges gave her all the covering she could hope for too.
Not that there was anything to fear, she finally saw with relief.
Following the beat of the drum, she found herself overlooking a quite sorrowful sight: an impoverished, wild-looking girl, so poorly dressed in rags that half her body lay almost naked to the elements.
The miserable girl sobbed as she banged on a drum, one small enough to hold – perhaps by straps towards its rear? – in one hand, morosely striking it with a plough-shaped bone.
Feeling it was safe to approach after all, Sieidi stepped clear of the bushes, fearing for a moment that it might be the girl herself who took fright and fled.
The girl didn’t flee.
Rather, although she looked up nervously as Sieidi drew closer, she stopped her sobbing, wiping the tears on her cheeks away with two quick swipes of the back of her stick-wielding hand.
‘Is everything all right?’ Sieidi asked concernedly. ‘I’m sorry, but…well, I saw you were crying…’
‘Crying?’ the girl answered curiously, abruptly adding in the most cheerful of tones, ‘Oh dear, no! Quite the contrary, I’m glad to say! But are you upset in any way?’
‘Me? Why should I be upset?’
Sieidi thought the girl strangely rude to lie about crying in this way.
Still it was no concern of hers, then, if the girl refused to accept any help.
She stared curiously now at the drum the girl held.
Its leather skin was strange indeed; obviously quite ancient in its weathering, and featuring the most primitive of stick figures of men and animals.
‘It cost a great deal to obtain it, you know,’ the girl said, noting Sieidi’s interest. ‘I’m very fortunate to have come by so priceless an object!’
It could hardly be priceless, Sieidi thought, glancing once more at the old, weathered drum. Besides, if that were truly the case, then why did this poor girl remain dressed in rags?
She might at least have tied up her hair.
‘Could you sell it then?’ Sieidi asked as politely as she could manage.
‘Perhaps not,’ the girl answered cheerfully. ‘It is rather unique, don’t you think?’
Sieidi didn’t think so at all. Surely drums were far from hard to come by?
‘It’s…a little shabby, isn’t it?’’ she said uncertainly, as she had no wish to upset the girl, only to draw her attention to what was really quite plain and obvious.
‘Really?’
The girl sounded surprised, but in no way aggrieved.
‘A little shabbiness is very respectable,’ she added in a satisfied voice. ‘I must really tell them this!’
Tell whom? Sieidi wondered.
There was no one close by. And it seemed such an odd thing to tell anyone anyway, for it was as clear as day to her that the drum was rather tatty.
The girl raised the rear of the drum up to her face, so that she could speak into two slits carved into an otherwise solid back shaped somewhat like a split pear.
‘They say it all looks rather shabby,’ the girl whispered excitedly into the holes, just as if she were speaking to someone who could hear her. ‘It really is all quite lucky, isn’t it?’
Naturally, Sieidi was growing increasingly concerned for the poor girl’s wellbeing.
‘Will they be able to hear? The people you’re talking to, I mean?’ she asked as innocuously as possible.
‘Of course!’ The girl giggled as if it were Sieidi who was being naive. ‘In fact, if I spoke too loudly, it would surely deafen them both!’
‘Deafen them? But…where are they?’ Sieidi hesitantly enquired.
‘Why, they’re quite at home in here for now!’ the girl answered merrily. ‘You should see them dance most beautifully together when I bring them out and play a tune for them. One is quite courteous, taking off a hat and waving it in the air, while the other holds up her petticoat to one side with one hand, while blowing a kiss with the other.’
‘Ah, I see…’ Sieidi said unsurely, even though, of course, she didn’t see at all what the girl could possibly mean. ‘Then…please…might I see them? See them dancing, I mean?’
The girl looked at her doubtfully. 
‘Let you see?’ she said slowly. ‘Well, I’m not really sure that I can…or should…’
‘I thought not,’ Sieidi smugly declared.
 ‘Tell me,’ the girl asked with conspiratorial tones, ‘are you good?’
‘Why, yes,’ Sieidi answered, ‘I’m very good: my mother tells me so, at least!’
‘Ah,’ the girl sighed in disappointment. ‘Then it is quite impossible for me to show you– ‘
‘Because I’m good?’ Sieidi retorted. ‘What strange sort of reasoning is that?’
‘But what one believes is the height of goodness is the height of folly to others…’
‘If they’re thoroughly selfish, then yes, I could well believe such a thing!’
‘Well I believe it’s such a shame that you’re not allowed to see them…they’re such a merry couple, despite their condition!’
‘But you’re the one denying me!’   
‘Oh no, no: not me! Not me at all!’
‘Oh, then I admit it: I was lying!’ an exasperated Sieidi cunningly appeared to confess. ‘I lied about being good, of course, because I lie all the time!’
‘Well…naughtiness is only a spoiling of one kind of goodness,’ the girl bewilderingly insisted. ‘Now, if you break the looking-glass, and do the other things that are desired– ‘
‘You’re making excuses!’ Sieidi snapped, reaching the limits of a swiftly growing frustration. ‘I don’t believe it’s possible for there to be any people at all in that tiny drum!’
‘That is a temper, isn’t it?’ the girl chuckled, taking up her bone stick once more to begin to drum out a beat upon the tightened leather skin.
It was a faster, more energetic beat than the one she’d been playing when Sieidi had first alighted upon her.
The drum’s hide sang as it vibrated, the figures scrawled upon it losing all sharpness, all clear definition, as they quivered along with the pulsating beat.
And then…they began to rise up from the skin’s surface.
They trembled in the air, lines that quaked, circles that shivered – figures that danced.
This alone would have been remarkable. 
But a sight more amazing still was that of a man and a woman, whirling together in an excitable dance.
For these were no stick figurines, but a man and a woman formed from what appeared to Sieidi to be gold, silver and cloth.
And oh, how they danced.
Like their very lives depended upon it.


*


Chapter 3

Naturally, Sieidi was entirely entranced by the magical dancers.
She didn’t want them to stop dancing; she wanted the girl to play the drums on and on, a tune that would never end, so the dancers would continue to innocently twirl away before her.
The more she observed the dancers, however, the more she came to realise they weren’t a man and a woman, as the girl had– 
Ah, but the girl hadn’t said the dancers were a man and a woman, had she?
Sieidi had lazily assumed that they must be a man and a woman as the girl had implied they would be dancing together.
And, indeed, they were dancing together.
Yet she saw reasonably clearly now that one could have been a girl, a girl who looked much like she did.
While the other – why, she looked much like she did too, albeit a possibly older, slightly taller version.
A coincidence, surely?
Or a trick of her imagining.
She leant closer, hoping to observe them in more detail – only for the girl to abruptly bring her drumming to an end.
The dancers faded, vanished.
The quivering figures slipped back into the leather hide, completely motionless once more.
‘Couldn’t…couldn’t you play the drum once again for me?’ Sieidi begged unashamedly.
The girl shook her head sadly.
‘It’s growing late – you must return before you’re missed.’
Glancing about her, Sieidi saw that the darkness of evening was already beginning to swallow whole sections of the forest.
Had she really been here with the girl so long?
It seemed like she’d only been here a few minutes, no more.
‘Then…how much would you sell your drum for?’ Sieidi abruptly asked in a nervous panic, biting her lip even as she said it: for she had nowhere near and could never even hope to have enough money to pay for such a wondrous drum.
‘Oh, but it’s not really possible for me to part so easily from it.’ the girl replied apologetically. ‘Its skin is that of a deer born at the base of the most magical of trees! It also contains threads drawn from other, equally remarkable creatures, attained at great cost and danger.’
Sieidi frowned disappointedly: she could understand why the girl wouldn’t wish to part with such an amazing instrument, but did she really have to come up with such ridiculous excuses?
Where was the danger in obtaining threads, no matter how they were plied?
‘Why buy it,’ the girl continued brightly, ‘when you can come back here anytime of your choosing to hear me play it?’
From the darkness of the wood, there now came the shrill playing of a flute. It sounded, too, like its player was drawing closer.
Sieidi glanced concernedly at the girl; was it safe to leave her all the way out here on her own?
But the girl smiled as she heard the flute’s merry tune, as if expecting and even looking forward to the arrival of this other mysterious musician.
‘I’ll be off, then,’ Sieidi declared, turning to leave. ‘I’ll return as soon as it’s light tomorrow!’
She rushed back across the dried-up riverbed, looking back to where the encroaching darkness was already enveloping the girl when she heard the drum burst into an accompaniment for the shrilly playing flute.
An old, windswept man was now standing off to one side of the drumming girl, his jangling flute playing like shrieking gusts whirling through the trees to herald an oncoming storm.
And just behind him, his two hunting dogs were happily, slowly, waltzing round and round on their hind legs.


*


Chapter 4

Following the dried riverbed back to the village, Sieidi felt a sense of relief and familiarity when, at last, she arrived at a point where the diverted waters flowed back into their far more regular course.
Of course, she’d hoped no one would see her coming back this way from the forbidden areas of the forest edges: but it was the very worst person imaginable who caught her walking down into the village.
He immediately, guessed, too, where she’d been.
‘I think you need to explain yourself, Sieidi!’ he frowned accusingly.
‘It was just a walk– ‘
‘Just a walk? A walk along pathways denied all good folk – and taken only by those who’ve gone astray!’
‘I was drawn there by– ‘
‘Drawn there by what, Sieidi?’
‘Music: a drum…’
This time, the churchman’s scandalised expression was enough to force Sieidi to silence.
What a foolish thing for her to say!
She might as well have admitted she’d been dancing with the devil.
He grabbed her hard and uncaringly by her shoulders.
‘Tell me, Sieidi!’ he demanded, his lips slavering with fury, his eyes wide with horror and loathing. ‘Tell me exactly what happened out there; for the good of your very soul!’


*


‘Hah! I know of this woman with her devilish drum!’
The churchman was horrified when Sieidi quickly explained what had happened to her by the forest edge.
‘You’re lucky indeed, girl, to have left before this man and his dogs – one is called Ravenous, the other Greedy – got their claws more fully into you!’
‘Yet they danced– ‘
‘As did these performing monkeys of gold and brass, didn’t they?’ came the stormy retort. ‘The flute leads children astray, so this ragged girl – Garmr, a dog herself, who wolfs down unwary children – may fool them into accepting her as their new mother: another mother, even though she has eyes of glass and a thumping wooden tail!’
‘I never saw such thi– ‘
‘You saw nothing of the things you should have seen! For if you had, you’d have seen the performing toys for what they really were: children like you who’ve allowed themselves to become performing puppets!’


*


Chapter 5

Sieidi’s mind was in a whirl.
Was she really in danger of losing her soul – of becoming a witch’s dancing toy! – simply because she’d foolishly stopped to listen to a drum being played?
But…yes, it had been a magical drum, hadn’t it?
Perhaps the churchman was right: just as her mother always insisted he was.
Father too, when he wasn’t away at sea, as he was now.
Yet the churchman’s rules were always all so…constricting!
Do this.
Do that
Don’t do that!
Don’t go there!
The soul needed an awful lot of protecting!
Just how weak must it be, this soul?
Sieidi was so lost in her meandering thoughts that, at first, she imagined she’d heard only the wind, whistling through the eaves.
She didn’t recognise the shrill tones of the flute until the two dogs gaily waltzed into her path from around a building’s corner.


*


The merrily twirling dogs, rising high on their hind legs, were remarkably charming, even a touch amusing, Sieidi had to admit to herself.
Yet they were undoubtedly also the most ferocious kind of hunting dogs, with long snouts that could rive flesh from bones as easily as she could pluck a chicken.
She came to an abrupt halt, ready to turn about, to take another course home – for the good of her soul.
But before she could do this, the piper next appeared from around the corner, smiling mischievously even as he played his catchy tune.
He doffed his cap, in greeting it seemed to her – yet then he pushed it closer to her, upturned, as street players demand coins for their endeavours.
‘How much would you pay the piper, my dear?’ he asked lecherously as he at last took the flute away from his wetted lips.
His hat, like the rest of his garb, was a pied mingling of black and white, such that he couldn’t be said to be dressed in either one or the other.
Sieidi recoiled in horror.
She should run.
She should save her soul.
But she didn’t.
The piper smiled knowingly. 
He slipped his feathered cap back into place upon his head.
‘It’s simply my jest, my dear,’ he chuckled. ‘For isn’t that what’s said of people like me: that you’ll pay through your oh-so delicate soul for the pleasures you dare to enjoy in this life?’
‘They’ve also told me to stay clear of you,’ Sieidi retorted scornfully, suspiciously eying the dogs as they took up more menacing, guard-like stances. ‘That you and the drummer girl mean to replace my mother with one of glass eyes and a wooden tail!’
‘Surely such a mother would be an expensive one to make?’ the pied piper wryly replied. ‘Besides, I know of no such mothers: do you?’
Sieidi had to admit that she didn’t.
‘It isn’t such as I who intentionally takes a child’s mother away,’ the man said. ‘And, yet, it seems, those you trust are quite willing to remove a girl who meant no harm at all.’
‘A girl? The drummer girl?’ Sieidi asked anxiously.
The man nodded.
‘But how…I only just spoke to…’
‘They move quickly to save souls!’
‘That poor girl! I must help her– ‘
‘But what can you do? Weren’t you the one who placed her in danger?’
‘I can say she meant no harm– ‘
‘But it wasn’t you who accused her of wishing harm – was it?’
Sieidi had to admit that she hadn’t.
‘My mother might be able to– ‘
‘Ah, yes – your mother. But that’s why she’d called you…’
‘Called me?’ Sieidi was confused. ‘The girl, you mean? Then…what does she know of my mother? You just said she’d nothing to do with my mother?’
‘Did I? I’m sure I didn’t…’
Eyes widening in horror, Sieidi uncertainly stepped back, spun about on her heels – and ran for home.


*


Of course, this wasn’t the quickest way home.
That horrendous man, and his dreadful dogs, had blocked her way.
It meant Sieidi had to take another, longer route.
‘Mother, Mother!’ she fearfully wailed as she rushed in through the front door. ‘Are yo– ‘
The words fell unused from her gawping mouth.
Her mother had gone.
And in her place there stood a large contraption of brass and gold, with sparkling glass eyes.


*


Chapter 6

‘Please don’t fret, my dear…’
The fearful contraption stepped closer to Sieidi, holding out a reassuring hand just as her mother would have done.  
Indeed, it looked in many ways much like her mother.
Like, too, the ‘older girl’ she’d happily watched dancing upon the drum’s wildly vibrating surface.
For her replacement mother was one made of the many accoutrements we all gain throughout our individual lives: the glass vases, the brass ornaments, the glittering knives, the napkins, and bed linen.
‘Where’s mother? What have you done with her?’ Sieidi demanded as she warily withdrew back towards the front door.
‘Me? I haven’t done anything with her at all!’
‘Then can you tell me…will she ever come back?’
Sieidi feared asking the question for she sensed she already knew the dreaded answer.
The answer came light-heartedly, almost in the tones of a song. 
‘No, she’ll never come back,’ sang the woman, ‘she’ll never come back, for I saw her by the bridge, and she took a boat upon the river. Yes, she’s sailing to the sea, she’s sailing to the sea, for she’ll meet your father once again, and they will go a sailing on, sailing on to realms ever so far away.’
‘She’s with father?’ Sieidi said hopefully, adding more circumspectly, ‘She’s left me?’
‘What choice did she have, when the great sea calls…?’
It was no longer a singsong voice, but one resigned, fading…
An eye dropped away, shattering as it struck the ground.
A whole arm, one of rolled petticoats and scrubbing implements, fell away next, exploding into individual items once more as it hit the floor.
Then the whole body, of pots and broomsticks, of jugs and potatoes, of blackened fire tongs and still hot coals that had formed a heart, began to break up, the whole rapidly tumbling towards the hard earth, where everything sprang apart to become nothing more than a small hillock of what could be waste and junk.
Sieidi was strangely aghast.
And then, amongst the strewn belongings, she saw a drum.
But Mother had never had a drum – had she?


*


Chapter 7

The drum looked surprisingly like the one the girl had played.
The tautly drawn, old leather skin.
The scrawled figures across its surface.
The unmistakable split-pear shape.
Sieidi bent down to pick it up, drumming her fingers lightly across the surface even as she straightened up once more.
The figures remained firmly stuck to the tightened hide, rather than leaping into life and performing energetic dances.
Hah, then, unfortunately, it wasn’t a magical drum, like the one the girl had played.
And yet, it really did look so much like the drum the girl had held…
Why, yes, even right down to the styling of the drawn figures…
Right down, indeed, to the very similarity of each figure…
For how could Sieidi forget the figures she’d seen dancing upon the rapidly vibrating drum?
She quickly ran her fingers now over the surface, checking each rendering against her recollections of the stick-like dancers.
The men and women (though not, of course, the more mechanically formed girls) the reindeers, the serpent, a wolf, the bear–
And in the blink of an eye, a real bear was angrily rising up right before her…


*


Sieidi instinctively flung herself backwards, tumbling away from the oncoming bear, uncontrollably sprawling across the floor.
And the bear immediately vanished.
She’d imagined it, that’s all – hadn’t she?
What other explanation could there be?
She’d dropped the drum as she’d tried to hurriedly back away from the attacking bear.
Scrabbling across the reed-strewn floor, she sought out the drum once more from the scattered pile of belongings.
She picked up the drum – and, more warily this time – let her fingertip hover just above the drawn image of the bear.
Her finger tingled. Warmed, even, as she brought the tip closer and closer towards the crude rendering.
Then, when they came together once more – there was the bear, striding through the forest edges: just as she’d seen him earlier today.
It was recollection, then – that was all.
At least, that’s what it seemed to Sieidi.
That’s the only thing that would make sense, wasn’t it?
Not that being able to conjure up a memory of a bear by simply touching its image made any real sense at all.
To the left of the bear there was a more typical and familiar scene – a hunter, seeking out his prey.
She touched this next.
As if the walls had abruptly fallen down about her, she could have sworn she’d been abruptly spirited into the midst of the village on its busiest day, with hunters retuning from the forest, the women gathering about in preparation for the skinning, butchering and salting.
A slip of the finger further to the left brought all this to an end. Now she saw the storage huts, raised up high on poles, keeping the meats and harvested goods out of the reach of bears, wolves and suchlike.
The scenes brought to life by the next images weren’t anywhere near as clear and realistic. They faded, were uncertain, shifted and even broke apart, like a disturbing dream.
These were only half remembered thoughts, thoughts that were bad enough, for they should have been entirely cast from her mind long ago.
This was a long-forgotten part of the village, one that was declared out of bounds – dangerous for the soul!
Here witches had once called up the demons of old, sending up signals of scented smoke for the winds to catch and carry off to the dark realms.
A place of spirits, still inhabited with rememberings of ancient devils.
A place of other mothers!
A place best avoided.
With a shiver of disgust and horror, Sieidi thankfully slid her fingertip onto the next rendering, that of a reindeer-drawn sleigh.
Nothing.
Sieidi felt nothing.
Not even a slight tingling in her fingertips.
That was strange; what could be more familiar to her than a reindeer-drawn sleigh?
Why, she could imagine one without any need of any drum.
Not that it was in any way near being the same as the scenes she’d just experienced.
It was just – an image in her head, her mind.
Whereas the bear, the village – well, it had all seemed so real.
Beyond the sleigh, her fingertips once again failed to tingle, to warm to the touch of the drawings.
She swiftly brought her finger all the way back, passed the village, the bear – and let it alight this time on what appeared to be the sacred stone she’d come across earlier today.
Her finger burned and prickled…


*


Chapter 8

Whereas images of the spirit hut had faded and shattered whenever Sieidi had attempted to focus on certain points or qualities, the stone presented before her was as pin sharp as when she’d first seen it.
The spirits…the spirits were here too, she was sure.
That’s why her finger stung so!
Something lay about this stone…
Something she’d never experienced before…
Which…went against, didn’t it, everything she’d believed she was seeing when she touched the crude renderings upon the drum?
Things she’d experienced came to life before her…isn’t that the way she thought it worked?
Yet she hadn’t experienced any spiritual– 
How foolish was she?
How many girls arrive home to find their mother gone and a monstrosity made-up of belongings standing before her instead? 
The stone was used by the earlier holy men of the village – a means to ascend upwards to higher realms.
She touched, now, the figure of a man apparently hovering above the stones.
As with so many figures upon the drum, she felt nothing as she touched it.
She switched next, then, to the beaver.
The sharp tingling of her finger thankfully eased here, the painfully disorientating aura of unrestrained spirits dissipating.
The beavers toiled at completing their dam, the dam that had misdirected the river, and thereby misdirected Sieidi’s own course.
Her mother; she’d sailed away on a river, according to the other mother, the mother of glassy eyes.
But if the beavers had changed the rivers course…had her mother gone astray?
Had she mistakenly ended up in the forbidden realms, rather than meeting up with Sieidi’s father, as she’d hoped?
If so, there was more reason than ever for Sieidi to urgently go searching for her.


*


Chapter 9

Her mother had sailed away to other realms.
That’s what the other mother had said.
Were those realms the areas of the drum that felt dead to Sieidi’s fingers, no matter how frustratingly hard she pressed down upon each figure?
Certainly, the figures upon the drum appeared to have been laid out like a mapping of her most recent experiences.
The familiarity of the village – even the unfamiliarity of its outer edges, where the remains of the spirit hut still stood.  
The bear, who’d caused her to wander off into previously even more unfamiliar areas.
The sacred stones, with its bloodied pole.
The beavers, who’d changed the course of the waters – and brought Sieidi into contact with the sobbing drumming girl.
Next to the beaver, there was a figure that could be a girl…
A girl who could be holding a drum…


*


The drum beat excitedly.
Sieidi was drumming with just a touch of finger.
The girl was seated right before her once more; smiling, even though her cheeks were drenched with tears.
Did this girl really look like a witch wanting to steal away her mother?
She looked far more like a girl who’d lost a mother.
It felt as if Sieidi was standing in her presence, yet, of course, that was impossible: the girl had been taken away, the piper had told her.
So where was she now?
Held in some room serving as a cell?
Who knows what the villagers might do to ‘save their souls’?
Yet again, Sieidi wondered if she should plead for the girl’s release.
But, what if the villagers were right?
What if the girl was somehow responsible for her mother’s disappearance?
All the more reason, then, to confront her, and demand to know what had happened to her mother!
But then, she really would be accusing the poor girl of being a vengeful witch, wouldn’t she?
And looking at her here, weeping – well, Sieidi just couldn’t believe that she had anything at all to do with the ‘other’ mother.
Sieidi slid her finger onto the next image, one like two feathers, or twigs – no, a forest.
Or maybe, rather, a barrier or a wall: for it split one realm from the other.
And beyond the barrier, in the other realm – the piper played.


*


The piper, Sieidi sensed as she touched his image, barely controlled a thunderous anger.
And yet…he meant people well.
Sometimes…
He scared away the troublesome trolls at the very least.
Not that that was of much use, Sieidi mused; for everyone knew these days that there were no such things as trolls. 
She moved her fingertip onto the rendering to his side; and felt nothing.
The figure lying beyond this one was a strange one: a stick man stuck amongst the roots of a tree, with reindeer and bear scrambling through spreading branches.
Once again, her finger refused to tingle in the slightest as she moved its tip across the drum’s leathery surface.
Of course: unlike the piper, the drummer girl, and the bear, she hadn’t come across these strange characters, whoever they were, had she?
The renderings setting her finger afire were those in the lower part of the drum. 
Renderings of the village, the stones, the forest edge.
The drum’s upper reaches, and its middle, remained unresponsive to her touch; they were affectively empty spaces to her, she supposed.
Areas she’d never encountered or experienced before.
And now, looking through the figures lined up along the drum’s lower rim, Sieidi realise they formed a timeline of experiences.
The storage huts and hunters of the village.
The bear
The sacred stone.
The beaver.
The girl and then the piper.
It wasn’t just a timeline, then – it set out the course of her day.
Like a map. A map involving the passing of time.
It was a course, then, that she was meant to continue.
Would it lead her to her missing mother?
Well, what other course of action was available to her in any attempt to find her?
She had to venture into the forest.
And discover a way into the realms of the other.


*


Chapter 10

The piper, when Sieidi had last seen him, had been heading away from the village, making his way towards the forest edges.
She’d glanced back even as she was running away from him, hearing his flute burst into life, wondering if the dogs were gleefully dancing once more.
They were.
Following on behind him, a waltz like Sieidi had never seen before. 
This was the way, then, that she must follow.
Her mother had gone to sea, she’d been told.
Yet there was no sign of a sea upon her drum.
The piper: she had no choice but to follow the piper.


*


What was she doing?
Where was she?
Who are you?
Sieidi stopped, petrified.
The last question wasn’t hers.
It came as a whispering, coming from the darkness of the forest’s thick, entwining undergrowth.
There wasn’t anything approaching what could be called a path here.
Why had the piper come this way?
‘You don’t belong here!’
‘Does your mother know you’re out?’
The ground hissed at her accusingly.
‘Who…who is that?’ Sieidi asked fearfully.
‘Why…do you ask?’
‘Why…it’s only us!’
‘How could you not know?’
‘How you must be looking forward to seeing us!’
The ground about her now was violently shaking, undulating, as if serpents were everywhere rushing along just beneath the surface.
The earth cracked here and there, rising up in small yet rapidly growing mounds, broke apart, crumbled into dust.
And from each mound, first a small hand, and then a small head, began to appear.
Like children rising up from their shallow graves.


*


Chapter 11

Sieidi would have turned about and run, of course.
But…
She was entirely stilled by fear.
Besides, out of the corners of her eyes, and through some other sense too, she saw and realised that the naked children were rising up from the ground everywhere about her: yes, even behind her, cutting off any attempt at flight back to the village.
The children smiled benignly.
Or was it threateningly?
Their bellies were split open; and waterfalls of sparkling sliver coins cascaded about their feet.
‘This isn’t a place for such as you,’ an earthen-covered girl declared pleasantly enough.
‘That’s right,’ another agreed. ‘We see now that you weren’t prepared to come here at all!’
‘Yet she has a drum!’ another pointed out, as if in surprise and awe.
One of the children warily stepped closer towards Sieidi, reached out tentatively; and fleetingly if anxiously touched her drum, instantly snapping his hand back as if stung.
‘It still contains its threads too!’ he said in tones of amazement.
‘Ah, she’s been sent here, then,’ a girl asserted sagely.
‘Who…who sent me?’ Sieidi asked nervously
‘You don’t know?’
‘How strange!’
‘Strange indeed: to venture in here, without knowing who sent you!’
‘Would you like to join us?’
Of course, Sieidi didn’t wish to join these buried children at all!
But would they be offended if she said that?
Would they then insist she stayed?
‘I would, yes, I would…’ Sieidi said, ‘only I’m on the most important journey…’
‘Well yes, of course you are!’
‘You wouldn’t be here otherwise, would you now?’
‘Sorry; we were simply trying to be polite,’ a boy apologised.
‘Why thank you, thank you for your kind offer,’ Sieidi replied as brightly as she were able. ‘Though may I ask… who are you?’
Dead children?
Murdered children?
Is that what they were really were?
Sieidi feared the answer.
Yet she had to be sure.
‘You haven’t heard of us?’
The children gasped as one in surprise.
‘They no longer know of us!’
‘At least, not those down in the village!’
‘But how many have passed this way recently?
‘Hardly any at all!’
‘They deny our existence,’ another said, shaking her head sadly.
‘Unless we’re used to frighten children!’
‘To frighten them into being “good”!’
‘It’s true,’ Sieidi admitted, recalling tales she’d been told when she was younger, of wicked children cursed to haunt the forests forever. ‘I’m sorry: I believed what I’d been told, of course.’
‘And you never questioned this?’
Sieidi replied with an embarrassed shrug of her shoulders: well, what was she supposed to do?
When you’re younger, you believe everything adults tell you, don’t you?
‘It’s hardly her fault,’ a child declared consolingly.
‘I see, now, that what I was told was wrong,’ Sieidi said. ‘Am I right, then, in thinking you’re here to help people, rather than cause them trouble?’
The children gathered about her all nodded, smiled.
‘Then…’ Sieidi said, lifting up her drum and pointing to the rendering lying just to the side of the piper, ‘could you tell me, please, how I might reach this man?’
The children giggled.
‘What’s wrong?’ Sieidi asked worriedly, wondering if she’d set out on a fool’s errand after all. She’d presumed the drum acted as a map.
Setting out a route she must follow to find her mother.
How crazy was that?
‘That’s no man!’ a boy chuckled. 
‘That’s Gieddegeažegálgu!’ a girl added assuredly. 
‘Gied…?’ Sieidi tried but failed to repeat the weirdly pronounced name. 
‘The goddess of Kentänpää!’
‘Kent…?’
Again, Sieidi couldn’t force her tongue to work around a word that was meaningless to her.
‘Here; the edge between the forest and the homes of people like you.’
‘Between those things familiar to you – and those that couldn’t possibly be…’ 
‘And this Gied…’
The word stumbled against her lips.
‘The Chatter Crone!’ a boy sang out, laughing mischievously.
The children joined him in his laughter.
‘She’s…a crone?’ Sieidi hesitantly asked. ‘A witch?’
‘No, no; not a witch!’ a child chuckled.
‘That’s what your people have been told to call her: the Chatter Crone!’
‘That’s why so few visit her anymore!’
‘Because you’ve been told to be good; and avoid her!’
‘Yet her words are wise…’
‘That’s why you’re told to stay away!’
‘Then…I can’t see her?’
Sieidi couldn’t be sure whether she was relieved or disappointed.
‘You?’
‘Of course you can see her!’
‘You’re here, aren’t you?’
‘You’ve left your home to see her!’
‘You know where she is?’ Sieidi asked now. ‘You could show me where I might find her?’
‘Surely you should be asking: Will she see me?’ a nearby child chided her light-heartedly.
‘But of course she’ll see you: because you have the drum!’ another exclaimed excitedly.
‘So the Chatter Crone will see me?’ Sieidi asked. ‘But only because I have this drum?’ 
‘Yes, yes; she will!’
‘But please don’t call her the Chatter Crone!’
‘We call her the Other Mother.’


*


Chapter 12

With a small group of the naked children leading the way – and leaving a bright trail of silver coins – Sieidi followed them through the dark forest.
Most of the children had returned to the ground, their uncollected coins vanishing as they slipped once more beneath the earth.
But the ones chosen to take Sieidi to the Other Mother continued to talk amiably to her.
‘Hardly anyone visits her anymore…’ 
‘We’re sure she’ll be so glad to see you…’
‘I can’t remember the last to visit her…we’ll, not including the one from this morning, of course!’
‘Yes, yes,’ another child agreed eagerly, before Sieidi could more fully take in the other girl’s words, ‘we said, didn’t we, that it’s so so long since we were awakened from our slumbers…?’
‘And then, suddenly, we have two in one day!’
‘Two?’ Sieidi repeated uncertainly, in her anxiety that she might find herself corrected, that she might have been mistaken in what she’d believed she’d just heard. ‘Someone else came this way only this morning?’
Her mother!
It had to be, surely?
‘Why yes: what are the chances of that, do you think?’
‘The chance of two people taking chances!’ a boy chuckled.
‘Taking chances?’ Sieidi asked apprehensively. ‘Is that what I’m doing? Taking a chance, coming here?’
‘Why, of course!’ a girl declared nonchalantly.
‘Chances must be taken!’ 
‘Otherwise, how could we ever hope to face the unknown?’


*


The face of the unknown was more horrendous than Sieidi might have imagined.
The Other Mother’s eyes were formed of glass: and trailing behind her there came a long tail.
Her home was a centrally poled tent, set beneath the roots of a tree. 
A poor dwelling for anyone. 
Far more like the warren of some animal rather than an old woman.
Yet in so many ways, the Other Mother was a merging of animal and woman – and deliberately so too.
She wore a masked headdress, one that rose up from her head as a reindeer’s antlers.
Her garb was of crudely stitched furs, with mitten and boots that were shaped like a mingling of paws and hooves – and so naturally also included a tail. 
And when she at last removed her mask, she revealed a face as weathered and worn, as etched with experiences, as the skin upon Sieidi’s drum.
And her eyes had the glassy white stare of the blind.


*


Chapter 13

Despite the Other Mother’s bizarre appearance, she had quite obviously been the more startled as she and Sieidi had first come face to face with each other.
So she wasn’t entirely blind.
She’d sprung back a little, as surprisingly lithe as any creature of the woods.
It was only the presence of the children, or perhaps the drum, that seemed to reassure her that nothing was amiss.
‘I shouldn’t have been so afeared,’ she confessed with a croaking, growling chuckle as she removed her mask. ‘Long, long ago, I’d also presumed this would happen one day: but even I’d begun to believe it was a purely false hope!’
Why did everyone here think she was the one who was unusual? Sieidi wondered anxiously.
‘But the children; they said people used to visit you all the time…’
‘Not people, as such: they were those who wished to and had the powers to come a calling,’ she chuckled again. ‘Oh, and the children by the way; they’re far far older than you could possibly imagine.’
‘But the children – my guides – said someone came a calling – calling – only this very morning….’
‘Why, yes, yes; they’re right too. But it was far more a regular kind of visitor; if not exactly expected, as it’s so long, otherwise, since anybody bothered coming this way…’
‘This other visitor; was she my mother, by any chance?’
‘Now how would I know that?’ the weirdly garbed woman laughed curiously.
‘I was told you were wise…I thought you might, somehow, recognise – or maybe sense – a connection…’
‘Ah, there’s a connection, sure enough – but I’m not one to go asking unnecessary questions of those who bother to visit me. As for my supposed wisdom; then I can only say that I am otherwise.’ 
‘Did, she perhaps, bear any resemblance to me?’
‘Not at all, not at all: thankfully!’ the Other Mother guffawed richly. ‘Or that would have been quite a shock for even me; two like you in one day!’
‘The childr– they said it was another like me…’
‘To them, there’s little in the way of any interesting differences, I suppose. The other; well, I could sense her presence, knew she was coming, long before she appeared before what passes for my doorstep. Because she came here the regular way…’
‘By…river?’ Sieidi persisted hopefully.
She couldn’t understand, of course, why the Other Mother wouldn’t notice similarities between her and her mother, as her tiny guides had.
‘There’s no river running close by here; bar the one you must have crossed to come by here, of course.’
‘It was dried up; the riverbed, I mean. That’s how I crossed,’ Sieidi confessed, as she recalled crossing over the trickling brook once more before she found herself in the land where the child-like guides had risen from the ground.
‘Hah, now that begins to explain some things I suppose,’ the old woman said, observing Sieidi closely. ‘But nowhere near everything, naturally.’
‘I was told my mother had journeyed on the river…’
‘Yet you came here trying to find her?’
The woman seemed strangely puzzled.
‘Why, yes; I took the drum she’d left me to be a map…’
She raised the drum for the Other Mother to see more closely.
‘Ah, yes; I’d noticed the drum, of course – and a very fine drum it is too! May I?’
The Other Mother held out a hand as she asked to take a look at Sieidi’s drum
As Sieidi passed the drum over, she abruptly felt a deep sense of loss as it left her own hand.
It was as if she’d given away something wholly and entirely precious that could never be replaced: a portion of her body, even, such as a beating heart, its sudden lack of presence leaving her feeling hollow, or at least incomplete.
Would this Other Mother return it?
And quickly, too?
As the old woman retuned the drum to Sieidi’s hands, she experienced a huge sense of relief, a flood of emotions all piling in on her at once, such that she couldn’t determine clearly which was anger, which was joy, which was fear, and which love.
She began to feel…no, not whole again.
She realised she’d never, ever felt whole.
Not even while she’d held the drum before handing it over.
Now she was simply aware of the hole that had lain deeply hidden within her.
‘Yes, it contains the threads…’ the old woman was saying now.
The drummer girl had mentioned threads.
In that, at least, then, she’d been telling the truth.
‘The threads of animals?’ Sieidi asked uncertainly. ‘This is what I’ve been told.’
‘Of animals, yes; but quite remarkable animals – like none, I suspect, that you’ve ever been lucky enough to have seen!’
‘Then how – and why – were they collected in this drum?’
‘Because you were right, my dear; the other who came this way – she came through here for your benefit!’


*


Chapter 14

‘Then she was my mother? This other woman?’
Sieidi sighed miserably as the old woman shook her head doubtfully in reply to her enthralled question.
‘Tell me; you never explained why you simply didn’t follow your mother up the river – if that’s truly the way you believe she went away…’
‘There are no boats–’
That was true.
So how had her mother left via the river?
Had the Other Mother – the one she’d found waiting for her in the house – lied after all?
‘Then…you could have followed the river…?’
The old woman seemed to realise there was something about the disappearance of Sieidi’s mother that wasn’t quite right.
‘It’s forbidden to follow its upper reaches.’ 
‘Forbidden? And you allowed this to distract you from searching out your lost mother?’
‘Well, I…if I’d been seen, I’d–’
It was a stupid reason wasn’t it?
The old woman smiled consolingly.
‘If you think she took to the river – then she had no need to come this way at all…’
‘Then the map…the drum? It’s all wrong?’ Sieidi exclaimed despondently.
‘Far from it! The drum provides the only way for you to possibly follow her!’
‘Then…are you saying you know where she might be?’ Sieidi asked hopefully.
‘Where she might be: yes!’
She pointed to one of the larger renderings on the drum’s surface.
‘Saivo Lake!’
‘It doesn’t look like a lake: there are animals – even a man riding a horse – running across its surface. And there’s some other land lying beneath it!’
‘It’s no normal lake: neither are they normal animals! But if I’m right, and your mother is there; why, then ultimately she is responsible for you being here. For she could well have been the one who – even if she remained unaware of it – granted this other a route to visiting our realms.’
‘This other – was she a girl?’
‘Well, she could hardly be a man, could she now?’ the Other Mother chuckled. ‘Yet you’re the one presupposing that she was indeed a she! For anyone visiting me would normally take on some other form granting them the safety of travel through these dangerous areas-’
‘I’m in danger?’ Sieidi gasped.
‘Well, of course! Surely you realised that before you decided to make your way here?’


*
 

‘You didn’t know, did you?’ the old woman sighed as she closely observed Sieidi’s terrified reaction. ‘You didn’t realise the dangers you were placing yourself in?’
Sieidi shook her head miserably.
‘Should I turn about? Go home?’
Now the old woman shook her head.
‘No, no: I don’t think so. Someone went to a lot of trouble – placed themselves in the way of a great deal of danger – to ensure you could travel this way.’
‘The drummer girl; she said it was dangerous collecting the threads…’
‘Then she was someone you should have listened to, my dear. Did she give you the drum?’
‘Well, no – not exactly. It was my mother – or rather, no – it was…’
How could she explain such strange, such unbelievable happenings? 
Especially when she wasn’t quite sure where this specific drum might have come from.
‘No matter,’ the old woman smiled kindly, seeing Sieidi’s bewilderment. ‘If you return home now you return none the wiser for your already considerable travels…’
‘I’ve hardly travelled anywhere at all…’
‘Ah, but you have, my dear, you have! And it would be a shame to see all that go to waste!’
‘But if I’m in danger…’
‘Yet you’re here because there’s something that someone wants you to learn: that’s quite obvious.’
‘What is it I’m supposed to learn?’
‘Now if I told you that, what would be the point of this whole map that’s been set out for you?’
‘I have to follow the whole route?’
The old woman shook her head, grinned.
‘Many areas might be unnecessary for you to visit: others might well still be denied you. If you’d arrived here by normal means, guided by a name-fish or a bird, then you could have taken a spirt boat…’
The old woman sighed resignedly.
Sieidi wondered how a fish could guide anyone unless it was along a river, but, ignoring this misgiving, instead asked optimistically, ‘But you must have your suspicions as to what I must learn?’ 
‘Indeed; naturally! But if I told you of my suspicions, as you call them, why, you wouldn’t accept them; at least, not as deeply and as heartfelt as you must. You must gradually arrive at your answers one at a time, at your own pace, until such time as you’re ready to bring them all together…’
She pointed once more towards the crude renderings on the drum, this time picking out the figure that lay off to one side of the image representing herself.
At last, Sieidi recognised in this image of the Other Mother the tail that hung down between her spread legs: or was this the pole of her tent? Her arms were spread wide, too, like the bulky animal-like garment she wore, the wings that could send her soaring.
‘To obtain the precious threads, the other must have travelled onto this next part of your route before you…’    
The drawing here was one of the most curious of all: a stick figure of a man, standing beneath the roots of a tree. Yet the branches were inhabited not with birds, but by a bear and a reindeer.
Nevertheless, Sieidi sensed a surge of excitement and hope: for one of the spreading branches reached out towards – and might even be forming a part of – the Saivo Lake.


*


‘She who devours and gives birth, the maternal source of human and animal life: the Deer Mother!’
‘Dear mother?’ Sieidi repeated mistakenly. ‘But the…the guides said you were the Other Mother?’
‘Other Mother?’ The old woman laughed warmly. ‘Did they now? Well, yes, I suppose I am the other mother! Yet my role is only to guide travellers safely onto the next, far more essential part of their journey!’
‘And you sent on this other…?’
The old woman nodded.
‘But more than that, they sought and obtained the Deer Mother’s permission to seek out and lasso the creatures that became your drum’s precious threads…’
‘But why? Why are these threads so important?’
‘They grant you passage – and, when your task is complete, the right to return home. So – don’t lose them!’


*


Chapter 15

‘We can only accompany you so far – we’re nearing the land of trolls…’
No matter the words of the Other Mother, Sieidi found herself incapable of thinking of her guides as anything but beautiful children.
As they walked along with her now over rolling, undulating hills, they began to look everywhere about themselves with a startling nervousness.
‘They steal away children…’
‘Fatten them up…’
‘And eat them up…’
‘Then you’re not safe,’ Sieidi adamantly declared. ‘Leave me here: I’ll continue on on my own…’
‘No: we’ll come with you,’ a particularly small girl insisted bravely. 
‘At least until we know you’re safe!’ another agreed.
‘Won’t we be able to see them coming from a long way away?’ Sieidi asked. ‘I mean, I had heard that trolls were quite huge…’
‘Immense!’
‘Gigantic!’
‘Yet despite their size, they take you unawares…’
‘What do we do then? If we see one?’
Sieidi had now joined them in keeping an eye out for the approach of a huge troll.
‘They’re clumsy and stupid…’
‘You have to fool them!’
Suddenly, a truly massive face rose up before them from the shallow valley they were about to enter.
‘Hah! Fooled you!’ the troll growled triumphantly 
 

*


The giant’s head continued to rise up in the air before Sieidi and her guides.
The hillock they were standing upon began to tremble, rock from side to side, then rapidly shoot upwards, and at an swiftly increasingly steep incline too.
Already made unsteady on their feet by the violent rolling of the ground, Sieidi and everyone else bar the giant were abruptly sent uncontrollably rolling down the now precipitous slope.
It wasn’t a hill after all that they’d been walking across.
It was the green-clad chest of the previously prostrate giant. 
And he’d forced them all into chaotically tumbling by simply starting to rise to his feet.


*


As they all fell, only Sieidi screamed in fear.
Her child-like guides stared at her curiously, even smiling bemusedly.
Didn’t they realise there was nothing to stop them from plunging to their deaths by the giant’s boots – boots they’d passed earlier, mistaking them for huge boulders – lying so incredibly far below?
Then suddenly, like an enormous flying cart, the cupped hand of the giant swiftly scooped in directly below them. 
Every last gasp of breath was forced from Sieidi as she struck the leathery palm. Then her minuscule friends were falling everywhere about and on top of her, a painful tangle of flailing legs, arms, and even harder heads.
Before they even had a chance to recover, the giant was bringing his hand up, lifting them all level with his mischievously grinning face.
‘Well,’ he said merrily, ‘who wants a fight then?’


*


Chapter 16

‘No one wants to fight you!’ Sieidi retorted furiously, a touch bewildered and still almost entirely short of breath. ‘We’re on our way to see the Deer Mother.’
The giant frowned disappointedly, the furrows in his brow as deep as those of a freshly ploughed field.
Then he abruptly brightened, his widening eyes like huge moons.
‘Ah, well, you see; then you’ve got to fight me for it first!’
‘We forgot to tell you,’ a nearby girl urgently whispered to Sieidi as they all continued to try and untangle themselves, ‘trolls like to pick a fight.’
‘Only with people much smaller than them, I see,’ Sieidi replied, as much to the giant as the girl, ‘and that’s hardly fair!’
‘Well who else can I pick a fight with?’ the giant asked as, bending down towards the floor, he at last let everyone jump down from his palms onto what seemed to be real earth this time. ‘Can I help it if I’m bigger than most other people?’
This time as he spoke, he reached to snap off the branch of a tree as if it were nothing more than a twig.
When he swung it towards Sieidi, however, the ‘twig’ was far too wieldy for her to use as a club, even though that was obviously his intention.
‘Will this make it fairer?’ he asked. ‘If I just fight with my bare hands?’
‘Sieidi doesn’t want any unfair advantages,’ one of the guides stated forcibly, stepping forward to present the giant with what would be for him an astonishingly small knife. 
Sieidi couldn’t think where the small boy must have been hiding the knife: in his belly, maybe.
She couldn’t help but wonder, too, why he was so eager to help the giant rather than her.
‘Why, thank you!’ the giant chuckled, contemptuously using the knife to clear something from between his teeth as if it were a toothpick.
Sieidi shuddered.
The troll’s breath was bad enough, his teeth in an atrociously bad condition; but had he just removed the remains of his last victim?
The child-like guides laughed, as it were the funniest thing in the world.
‘What’re you all guffawing at?’ the giant growled irritably.  
‘Well, we fooled you this time!’
The giant frowned once more, obviously puzzled by the girl’s claim.
‘You did? How?’
‘Because it’s a troll knife!’ a boy chuckled.
‘Thank goodness we’ve got rid of it at last!’ another agreed with a sigh of relief.
‘It’s brought us such dire misfortune!’
‘As all troll knives do, of course!’
Bringing it up close to an eye, the giant observed the knife doubtfully. 
‘This? It’s way too small to be a troll knife!’
‘Hah, but it was a full-sized knife when we were tricked into first accepting it!’ 
‘But it brought us all so much bad luck, we tried to lessen its malevolent curse by having it magically shrunk!’
‘But all it did was just condense all the disaster we were suffering: making them all the harder to bear!’
‘Nothing goes right for us anymore!’
‘I mean, here we are, out for a walk; and you stumble across our path!’
‘How misfortunate is that?’
The troll took another look at the knife that appeared so minute when held between his immense fingers.
He still stared at it doubtfully, but this time, it seemed to Sieidi, much more warily.
‘Condensed misfortune, you say?’ he demanded unsurely.
He tried to hand it back to one of the guides.
‘Here, it’s yours anyway; you can have it back!’
The miniature guides all recoiled, as if in a mingling of horror and disgust at the possible source of a contagious plague.
‘No, no!’
‘We’ve suffered enough!’
‘Anyone’s who held it did more damage to themselves than anybody else!’
‘They lost every fight!’
‘You accepted it fair and square; which makes it yours now!’
Scowling in dismay, the troll brightened as he turned to look at Sieidi.
‘Here! It’s yours – to give you a fighting chance,’ he beamed merrily as he offered the knife to her.
‘No thank you!’ Sieidi exclaimed. ‘Not if I means I’m sure to die!’
The troll frowned in frustrated disappointment.
 He suddenly glared more circumspectly at his tiny captives.
‘What if I say I don’t believe you, eh?’ he said. ‘What if I say this can’t possibly be a troll knife; what do you say to that, eh?’
‘You can say what you like!’ a girl chuckled.
‘It doesn’t stop it being a troll knife!’ a boy agreed with a jolly laugh.
‘Why would we offer you a knife in a fight against our friend unless it was a trick?’
‘Hah,’ the giant sneered with a touch of uncertain bravado. ‘Even if I’m unlucky, how could I possibly lose against her?’
The guides laughed like the very merriest of children.
‘You really haven’t taken a close look at her have you?’
The troll frowned doubtfully.
He peered all the more intensely at Sieidi.
‘You don’t look like those who used to come by this way…’ he said curiously.
‘She’s a witch!’ a girl assuredly pronounced.
‘I’m not– ‘  
A nearby boy secretly jabbed Sieidi with his elbow to stop her protest.
‘With magical powers!’ another guide explained in awe. 
‘She’s the one who shrunk the knife!’
‘As she’ll shrink you before you even begin your fight!’
‘A witch?’ The giant frowned once more, his face etched with misgiving. ‘I always wondered what a witch must look like!’
The guides laughed all the more richly.
‘But you still don’t know!’
‘Naturally, this isn’t what she really looks like!’ 
‘I’ve seen her loom over everything as tall as a mountain!’
‘And at other times, she’s as insubstantial as mist; so no weapon harms her!’
‘You don’t think anybody could really look like that, do you?’ a girl asked the troll incredulously as he pointed at Sieidi.
‘Well just a minu– ‘
Sieidi’s untimely protest was once again cut short by a warning jab of an elbow in her side.
‘Well…she certainly looks odd,’ the giant agreed. ‘I’ll give you that!’
‘You see? She’s already got you under her spell!’
‘Or do you think we’re all so stupid that we’d come out into the land of trolls without knowing we’d be safe?’
‘We just wanted to rid ourselves of that cursed knife!’
‘And now you’ve helped us get rid of it: thank you!’
‘So come on, let’s see the fight; I’ve got a lot of money riding on this!’
‘Me too,’ cried out another. ‘I increase my wager by ten that the witch beats the troll in ten minutes!’
‘But this isn’t fair!’ anther yelled in mock dismay. ‘No one’s betting on the troll: someone has to lose money!
‘Well, don’t worry,’ the troll sighed resignedly, ‘the one who’s gambled I lose in ten minutes has lost his money; because I’m declaring the witch the winner right now!’


*


As the giant knelt down, he carefully lowered everyone to the ground.
Even so, some of the guides kept up the act of appearing disgruntled at being unfairly denied a chance to make money.
‘What sort of fight was that, then?
‘Don’t we get our stake money back?’
As Sieidi and the others all safely leapt out of the troll’s lowered hand, the giant shifted his position once more, slipping from kneeling to lying down right in front of them all.
‘Well, let’s get on with it then!’ he grimaced.
‘What’s wrong? What’s he expecting me to do?’ Sieidi whispered unsurely to a nearby girl.
‘Why, cut off his head, of course!’ the girl excitedly answered.
‘I can’t do that!’ Sieidi said, aghast.
‘It’s a thick neck, I grant you– ‘
‘I mean I don’t want to cut off his head!’
‘But it’s their code…’
‘You cut off his head, and take his store of silver!’
‘He doesn’t deserve that, poor man!’
‘Poor man? He was going to eat us all up!’
‘He never said that!’
‘So do you tell your chickens you’re going to eat them all up?’
‘Well…that’s different!’
‘Is it? How–’
The young guide’s question was drowned out by a booming voice, as loud as the thunder of a great storm, that rolled across the hills towards them.
‘Have you been fighting again?’


*


Chapter 17

Everyone instantly looked over to where the great booming cry had emanated from.
Everyone, that is, bar the prostrate giant, who grimaced fearfully. 
A far, far bigger giant was rushing towards them over the hills.
A woman. 
She frowned when she saw the smaller troll lying out before the band of incredibly minute travellers.
‘You young fool!’ she spat furiously. ‘You’ve been getting yourself into trouble again, haven’t you?’
‘Sorry Mum!’ the prone troll wailed back anxiously.


*


In no time at, the giant’s far more immense mother was looming over them all.
She reached down towards them with a hand that would have no trouble in scooping them all up.
But she didn’t grab a single one of them.
Rather, she grabbed the young troll by his ear.
And with a sharp, well-practised jerk of an arm, she effortlessly hoisted her son to his feet. 
‘Ooowww, Mum! That hurts!’ the troll screamed in agony, tears flowing down his cheeks.
‘And so it should!’ she scolded him, glancing down at Sieidi and the others as she added apologetically, ‘He hasn’t been any trouble to you has he?’
Along with her child-like guides, Sieidi shook her head.
‘No, no; not really…’
Spinning about on her heels, the troll mother began to forcibly drag her son back off across the hills, maintaining a firm grip on an ear that appeared ready to part company with the poor boy’s head.
She stopped, turned back, said:
‘Oh, er…you didn’t take all our silver, did you?’
Sieidi shook her head once more, indicating with a pointed finger the silver spilling from all the child-like bellies.
‘We’ve got more than we know what to do with…’
The troll mother gave Sieidi a relieved smile.
‘Oh, thank goodness, my dear!’ she said, but, before preparing to return to heading home, added, ‘Though as one mother to another, my dear; might I suggest you use some of that silver to get your bairns some clothes?’


*


Chapter 18

The Deer Mother wasn’t seated beneath the roots of a great tree as Sieidi had been led to expect by the drum’s rendering.
Neither did she have antlers, or appear in any way like a deer. 
Yet as with the Other Mother, the Deer Mother seemed far more shocked by Sieidi’s approach than she was of the goddess’s unexpected appearance.
Sieidi’s guides had departed for home.
She was as safe as she could be – for now, they’d reassured her.
The Deer Mother would give her the advice and aid she needed.
‘I would never have believed it possible…’ the Deer Mother declared, carefully taking in everything about Sieidi as if awed by her presence.
‘I’ve heard few visit you these days…’
‘Few?’ the Deer Mother chuckled in disbelief. ‘No, none at all, my girl: for I’ve never encountered anyone still draped in their flesh!’
‘If people don’t have flesh…why, surely, there’s nothing to hold them together?’
‘In your world, yes, perhaps: in this realm, it’s…a burden. A dangerous burden! Who sent you here?’
‘I…don’t know…’
Why did so many people here keep asking her that?
Why would anybody have had to send her here?
Why should she know who’d sent her anyway?
‘You don’t know?’
The Deer Mother sounded more shocked and fearful than ever.
‘Yet you have a drum…’ she added curiously, quickly taking in the instrument’s every detail before saying, ‘formed of the skin of a deer born by the great tree.’
So once again the drummer girl had been telling Sieidi the truth, no matter how remarkable it had sounded at the time.
But what was this cosmic tree?
‘Should…should I turn back?’ Sieidi asked anxiously.
The Deer Mother shook her head sadly in reply.
‘To go back now is just as dangerous as forging ahead…’
‘Yet I already know where I’ve been…whereas I know nothing of what lies ahead.’
‘Any traveller I receive requires a further transformation: a devouring of the first soul to allow the birth of an animal double cradled in my branches…’
‘And you can’t do this for me? To allow me to progress farther?’
‘But…don’t you see?’ the Deer Mother asked, surprised. ‘Your double already passed this way…’


*


Chapter 19

‘The drummer girl? She’s my “double”?’
It had to be her, Sieidi reasoned.
‘Well, she didn’t have her drum when I saw her, naturally,’ the Deer Mother chuckled. ‘Because that’s why she was here, of course: to attain the skin and drum…’
She briefly peered more intently at the drum.  
‘…and yes, even the threads. You are indeed incredibly fortunate to possess such a remarkable aide!’
Sieidi’s head lowered in shame.
‘Well, I didn’t realise…’
‘You didn’t realise?’
The Deer Mother fleetingly raised her hands in exasperation.
‘My girl, that explains why you’re here; undertaking a perilous journey that someone more attuned to its hazards has already accomplished for you…’
‘Then I must return…’
‘No, no: that would be like dipping your flesh in corrosive materials that only need a certain span of time to eat it fully away! You have to continue on now: and at speed!’
‘Why didn’t I recognise the girl? How did she know to come here?’
‘The first because your mind remained closed; the second because your spirit remained open to accepting guidance from an ancestral spirit.’
‘She made no sign that she had knowledge of– ‘
‘No sign? And yet you have the drum, setting out a map of her travels…’
‘I…I believed she could endanger my soul…’
The Deer Mother raised an eyebrow in uncharacteristic bemusement.
‘Yet here you are, travelling in the flesh in the realms of the soul…’
She reached out to reassuringly clasp Sieidi’s worriedly clenched hands.
‘My girl, we will see what we can do for you! Though your journey will be longer than necessary – for even I can’t promise such as you safe passage through the lands of the Alder Man!’


*


Chapter 20

As the tree grew, Sieidi, comfortably seated in its branches, rose higher and higher.
The Deer Mother had warned her she shouldn’t ascend to the tree’s fullest height; she must head off instead towards the Saivo Lake.
How would she recognise it?
She hadn’t thought to ask when the Deer Mother had begun to sprout multiple branches from her antlers that, rapidly reaching out like a spreading oak, had picked Sieidi up before she even knew what was happening.
She had presumed, naturally, that a lake would be instantly recognisable.
But, she wondered now, what did a lake look like in this realm?


* 


She seemed to have been rising for ages now.
Yet the branch she was on seemed to reach out into nothing but an empty space.
To step out into that…how dangerous would that be?
Had she missed it?
Would she end up in this worrisome land of the Alder Man after all?
‘Why didn’t I ask where this lake was supposed to be?’ she chided herself furiously.
‘Well, where’s your silver coin?’ a voce from apparently nowhere asked.
‘Silver coin? Why should I have– ‘
She realised she did have a silver coin in her hand.
Had it come, somehow, from the treasure spilling relentlessly from the bellies of her earlier guides?
And then, as instantly as it had appeared, it vanished.
‘Why, thank you!’ 
A small man appeared seated alongside her on the branch: a man who could have been formed form the spiralling waters of a spring, his form subtly changing every split second.
‘You should be honoured,’ he said, ‘I don’t normally show myself to travellers! But you’re different, aren’t you? Besides,’ he added, with a resigned touch of boredom, ‘it’s so long since anyone else passed this way!’
‘Thank you for honouring me,’ Sieidi replied politely. ‘But surely some other did recently pass this way?
The twirling waters that formed the little man appeared to briefly frown as he pondered this.
‘Long, long ago; why yes,’ he said. ‘But recently? No, not at all…’
Then the Drummer Girl hadn’t come this way?
She must, rather, have travelled up and up, into the realm of the Alder Man. Where he hunted, the Deer Mother had explained.
And the Drummer Girl? 
She must have gone hunting too, Sieidi supposed, to come back with the necessary threads drawn from the cosmic animals.
‘Most seeking Saivo Lake are in the form of animals, you know?’ the little man sternly stated, as if in warning. ‘But if you’re sure you wish to continue onwards…’
With a wave of a hand, he drew her attention to what should have been the far reaches of the stem they were seated upon.
But now it was a branch of water, one gradually thickening rather than thinning, for it joined up to the ever widening course of a flowing river.  
‘Oh, thank you,’ Sieidi exclaimed elatedly in relief, ‘thank you, mister…er…ah…’
‘I’m the Waterman, keeper of the lakes and fishes.’
‘I can’t thank you enough!’
‘Oh, well, ah: do you have another silver coin?’
‘No, I’m sorr– ‘ 
But she did have another coin.
As before, it had somehow simply appeared in the palm of her hand.
‘Why, yes I do– ‘
But she no longer had a coin after all.
It had vanished, along with the Waterman.


*


As she began to walk along the branch towards where it became a surge of water, Sieidi feared being swept off her feet.
How deep could the water be?
the more she believed she was nearing the flowing waters, though, the wider they became: until, at last, thankfully, she found she was actually walking along the river’s bank, rather than being wholly submerged in its midst.
Soon, too, she found herself walking past hills, in which people had created homes. 
These people waved amiably as she passed, even tempting her to stay a while; to rest, and have something to drink or eat.
She was sorely tempted to take them up on their kind offers.
For the people here – at least from the distance she was keeping between them – appeared entirely normal to her, wrapped entirely in the kind of garments, scarves and hats she recognised from home.  
The track she was taking also appeared increasingly familiar, reminding her so much of the way a rough path ran alongside the river that came out of the other side of her village after rushing down from out of the dark forest.
Though, of course, here the water was flowing in completely the opposite direction…
Yet there was the bend in the river she was wholly familiar with, the bend that caused the path she was walking along to deviate more than would be thought necessary to take account of the spring floods…
And, on turning that corner, it was there, just as it should be, as it always was: her village.
She was home!


*


Chapter 21

Sieidi broke into an urgent, elated run.
Would her mother be home?
I mean – surely everything that had happened to her could only have been some ridiculously foul dream?
Had she fallen asleep on a walk along the river?
Was that all this had been?
There was the smoke shrouded forge of the blacksmith.
There the tumbledown cottage of the laundry woman.
She rushed past people she failed to recognise in her urge to get home.
They were dressed like the hill dwellers, in familiar robes and caps, but as she was closer to these people she noticed their faces weren’t particularly easy to recognise anyway: for they wore ornamented masks of brass, and silver, and glass.
They also carried everywhere with them a whole array of useless possessions, rather than the far more essential tools of their various trades.
Were they worried they might be stolen?
Why else would anyone burden themselves with what appeared to Sieidi to be an entire lifetime’s accoutrements?
She realised, too, there was something else entirely different to this village.
For it wasn’t dominated by the looming presence of the dark forest she’d grown accustomed to seeing rising up on the hills ascending high beyond the village’s farthest edge.
There was nothing at all there, it seemed to her as she continued her headlong rush through the alleys chaotically running inbetween the houses.
But how could there be nothing?
Because, of course, there wasn’t simply nothing.
Reaching the village edge, Sieidi found herself gazing over an apparently endless sea.


*


Chapter 22

There were boats, and ships, too, on the vast spread of water stretching out seemingly endlessly from the edge of her village.
Only…was it really water?
Were they really boats?
Sieidi could hear melodies of every kind.
As if she were floating upon the enchanting words of a glorious song.
Drifting along on rhythms that soothed and calmed.
At some point – when? Sieidi couldn’t be sure. 
When, she supposed, she’d been caught up in the tune’s inducements to let herself go. To become as one with what are ultimately emotional sensations.
At some point, then, she found herself boarding a boat.
Found herself aboard a boat.
A boat that was a song.
Sailing upon a sea that was a melody.


*


A couple danced to a tune, upon the boat that was a song.
A man and a woman, delightfully whirling together, innocently twirling away before Sieidi as if this was their sole reason for being alive.
As if to a melody that would never end.
Of course, it reminded Sieidi so much of the girls she’d seen dancing upon the drum. Especially as these dancers, too, were made of gold, silver and cloth.
Indeed, the woman looked just like the older girl she’d watched, entranced, swirling across the vibrating surface of the drumskin.
Looked just like an older version of herself.
It couldn’t be…?
‘Mother?’ Sieidi called out hopefully, doubtfully, only to immediately regret her stupidity: for this girl was too young to be her mother.
Without halting for a moment their gay dancing, the girl glanced Sieidi’s way, noticing her there for the first time.
‘Sieidi!’ she cried back joyfully: only to instantly add, her voice full of dread, ‘Oh my goodness; what are you doing here?’


*


Chapter 23

Breaking free of her partner’s hold, Sieidi’s mother excitedly rushed across the ship’s deck towards her.
They embraced each other with an equal ferocity: lovingly, longingly.
And now the man joined them, throwing his arms about Sieidi as he wept with joy.
‘Sieidi, Sieidi; it’s been so long! I thought I’d never see you again!’
Shocked, Sieidi pulled back a little to take in the young man’s face.
‘Father?’ she gasped uncertainly, recognising certain features she thought she’d forgotten.
He grinned elatedly.
And they all hugged each other all the more fiercely.
‘But I don’t understand,’ Sieidi admitted as they at last parted long enough for her to speak. ‘Why are you both here, so close to our village – and on a lake I’ve never seen before too?’
‘I’d heard your father was lost at sea,’ her mother began to sadly explain. ‘It was too much for me to bear…’
She wretchedly clasped Sieidi’s hand.
‘I’m sorry,’ she continued apologetically. ‘I knew I had to go find him before we might be forever parted…’
‘You left me?’ Sieidi fearfully asked. ‘You left me all alone?’
‘No, no; not entirely!’ her mother replied, hurt by Sieidi’s accusatory tone. ‘Farrosas should have explained everything…’
‘Farrosas?’ Sieidi replied sceptically. I’ve never met anyone called that…’
‘A girl: with a drum?’


*


Chapter 24

 ‘Yes, yes,’ Sieidi exclaimed excitedly on her mother’s mention of the girl with the drum, ‘you knew her?’
‘I left her behind to let you know I’d had to leave. But you weren’t supposed to follow!’ ‘
Taking in Sieidi’s appearance as if for the first time, her mother began urgently glancing anxiously everywhere about herself, as though she were fearing an attack of ravenous wolves at any moment.
‘Then…who is she?’
‘Didn’t Farrosas say anything to you?’
‘She…well,’ Sieidi faltered, embarrassed by her mother’s question, as she recalled the instinctive distrust she’d experienced while talking to the girl, ‘I suppose she tried to…but I was worried…’
It was far more than that, of course. 
She’d reported the small snatch of conversation they’d had to the men of the church.
Had that got this Farrosas into trouble?
Might she even have been arrested, imprisoned perhaps for ever?
‘There was no need for you to come here, Sieidi!’ her mother proclaimed anxiously even as she reached out to longingly caress her daughter’s hair, her cheeks. ‘I mean, look at you, my dear! You’re not ready for this place: you’re not adequately prepared!’
‘But I am here, Mother!’ Sieidi snapped with hurt annoyance. ‘Aren’t you glad to see me?’
‘In the other world,’ her father tried to morosely explain, ‘everything is so different…’
‘You…you’re not dressed for here,’ Sieidi’s mother added, looking out nervously across the vast expanse of water. ‘You’re in danger!’
‘I’ve been fine so far,’ Sieidi persisted, ‘despite everyone I’ve met telling me I’m different and shouldn’t be here!’
‘Perhaps here, with us, you might be fine,’ her father agreed hopefully.
‘But if you’re taken away from us…?’ Sieidi’s mother added with a dread sense of hopelessness.
‘Taken away?’ Sieidi laughed nervously. ‘You make it sound like…well, that I’m about to die!’
Once again, her mother apprehensively stared over towards the far horizon.
‘Ruohtta…’ she whispered, as if hardly daring to pronounce the word. ‘He spreads sickness, death: and he can take anyone he chooses down into the underworld of the Mother of the Dead…’


*


There was a sudden, discordant jarring of the surrounding world.
A word in a realm of song is indeed dangerous.
It whined, this word – or was it whinnied?
It screeched like a poorly strung string, hitching a lift on the brighter notes, and already polluting them under its terrible weight.
The reverberating of repercussions.
There was no longer a harmonious sea, but one already pitching and rolling, a jarring in its movements worriedly passing through into the ship’s own delicately construed hull.
‘What’s happening?’ Sieidi asked anxiously.
‘We don’t know,’ her father even more uneasily confessed, gazing out apprehensively across the now surging waves.
‘We’ve never seen anything like it here…’ her mother agreed, her eyes wide with fear. 
Of course, their dancing, even their urge to dance, had now come to a complete halt.
For the merry music had been entirely drowned out.


*


Chapter 25

The sky (or, rather, what passed here for a sky?) darkened.
The air crackled with the surge of electricity that heralds a fierce storm.
The sea of melodies was now a cacophony, raging in its dissonance, its complete lack of modular structures.
Vibrations let free: let wild.
Winds of pulsating anger came next, pummelling both ship and sea, tossing up great waves and ploughing deep troughs, the poor ship little more than a lost voice amongst a universe of ferociously bellowing cries.
Daughter, Mother and Father, kneeling low upon the deck, all clung onto each other for whatever small sense of reassurance they could gain.
They even hoped the worst might soon be over when the sorely tossed vessel at last stopped cresting waves as high as mountains, and no longer frighteningly dropped away to the base of deep valleys of looming water.
Rather, it rushed along now at a phenomenal pace, the already hard beset sail and mast flapping and bowing sickeningly under the tremendous strain.
But the ship itself, Sieidi fearfully realised, was also being forced into a bowed course, following the curve of rushing waters.
Waters that, she also saw, albeit far off in the murky distance, curled back upon themselves
They were caught up in the edges of a gigantic whirlpool.
And the whirling waters were tightening their hold upon them, drawing them into ever tighter circles, dragging them slowly – at first, at least – towards its centre. 
At its centre, the waters dropped away ominously.
Vanishing forever into a darkness so complete it made the storm-cast sky appear as bright as day by comparison.


*


A rider.
Galloping across the waves as easily as if he were traversing hills and dales.
He was charging towards their small, floundering ship as if hurtling towards their rescue.
In fact, now she came to observe the swiftly approaching rider with more scrutiny, Sieidi saw that the swirling waters appeared to mould themselves to his advantage, dipping down into convenient troughs that he could effortlessly ride along.
Her mother and father weren’t impressed, however.
They held onto her more fearfully than ever, such that Sieidi could feel their bodies shivering with terror.
‘Ruohtta!’ her mother whispered in tones of dread. ‘He’s come to take you, Sieidi!’


*


Chapter 26

It was the pained shrieking of mountain gusts.
The wailing of mourners.
And suddenly, it hit the ship like the blow of an ogre’s hammer. Sending hull, mast and sail alike creaking in protest and agony. 
Then Ruohtta and his mount were sailing over them.
He bent over in his saddle, reached down: grasped Sieidi firmly by the rear of her fearfully bowed neck.
She was forcibly torn out of her mother and father’s loving embrace.
Then she was soaring up into the air, flying over the side of the ship.
Ruohtta had her.
And he was already rushing down the steep incline of the whirlpool’s walls of water.


*


Behind her, Sieidi saw to her relief that her mother and father’s tiny ship – as if released from a great, burdening weight – abruptly bobbed up on the waters.
Its sail at last filling with a fortuitous wind, it slipped higher up the cascading waters – and then it was gone, slipping off into the gloom that was already beginning to lighten, to ease in its turbulent rage. 
Held tightly in Ruohtta’s cold grasp, however, she was being swiftly drawn towards the dark core of the whirling vortex.
Was he intending to drown her?
She took a panicked, deep intake of breath as they were about to slip beneath the waters.
But how long could she hold her breath?
How long would she have to hold it?
Surely such a whirlpool was virtually bottomless?


*


Chapter 27

Deeper and deeper they went, the horse powering ever downwards without the slightest sound of a pounding hoof.
Sieidi’s cheeks felt like they were ready to burst into fire. Her lungs were already, it seemed, aflame.
She couldn’t hold her breath much longer.
Not that there seemed much point, for there appeared to be no end to the water’s incredible depth.
Rider and mount flowed, fluctuated, as if they were a part of these waters.
Everywhere about them there swam colossal shoals of fish, either ascending or dropping even lower than they were, plunging on into the furthest depths.
Her mouth exploded open, the stale air erupting from her in a cloud of frothing bubbles.
Instinctively, she sought to fill her lungs once more with air, breathing in deeply, dreading the sensation about to follow…
Hadn’t she heard it was incredibly painful to draw volumes of water into the lungs?
But…there was no pain.
It was simply a sensation of huge relief.
For she breathed in refreshing lungful’s of air as easily – if far more desperately – as if walking about her village.
Yet, surely, this was water swirling past them in powerfully rising and falling currents?
There was a murkiness, a veiling of constant movement, that could well be associated with the currents that turned and twisted unstoppably in even the smallest rivers. 
And then, of course, there were the fish…
Darting, it confusingly seemed, first one way and then the other, there were so many of them.
‘Farrosas?’
The startled cry came from the midst of a thick school of silvery slivers.
‘What are you doing here?’
Abruptly, a streak of silver was heading her way.
No, not her way.
The fish brutally crashed full into the horse’s face.
Startled, the horse bucked.
Ruohtta’s grip on Sieidi’s neck briefly slackened.
She slipped clear.
Yet she was still falling, falling…falling.


*


Chapter 28

As Sieidi fell – and it was a slow falling, as if she were indeed falling down through something akin to water – she once again saw a flash of silvery scales whisk close by her.
‘Swim, Farrosas!’ the fish yelled. ‘You can swim; only not upwards!’
Sieidi wasn’t sure how anyone swam: but she knew enough to know it was something to do with extending arms, then drawing them back in.
She tried it – and was surprised to find that it completely slowed her fall, such that she could even move forward
‘Follow me, Farrosas!’ the fish elatedly cried once he’d seen that she was able to control her moves, slipping in front of her, curving off slowly in a slightly different direction while still, curiously heading down into the farthest depths. 
Sieidi wasn’t sure if she’d be able to reply to the fish: or even if it would be wise to speak anyway.
He obviously thought she was Farrosas – what would happen if she pointed out she wasn’t?
Besides, she was relieved to find that she suddenly felt remarkably, surprisingly calm.
It was…was an emotion arising from the all-enveloping waters, suffusing her with an incredible sense of well-being. 
It was a song.
The song of angels.


*


Sieidi drifted down effortlessly now, the song drawing her on, even apparently helping her.
Its melodies were irresistibly gorgeous, soothing, entrancing...a siren song if ever there really was one.
Should she try and break free of its lure?
But why?
What would be the point of that?
How could she possibly tear herself away from something so comforting anyway?
In fact, when the fish slipped back to draw alongside her, to talk to her once more, she felt a touch annoyed that it had interrupted her enjoyment of the reassuring streams of music.
‘Farrosas?’ 
The fish sounded bemused.
‘You look…different…’
Still worried about what might happen if she opened her mouth, Sieidi’s reply was at first tentative – then broadened as she realised she could speak well enough after all.
‘I…I’m…I’m not Farrosas: but I know her?’ 
‘You’re not? You do?’ the confused fish replied. ‘You look a lot like her – are you…should you really be here?’
Sieidi shook her head as she continued to be drawn down along the easily flowing streams of music.
‘No… I’m here because I wouldn’t believe her – when she tried to explain what had happened to my mother…’
‘Ah, I see,’ the fish said. ‘That would make some sense, at least! Farrosas was originally your mother’s companion – passed down to you. As you now need her far more.’
‘Where’s the music taking us?’ Sieidi at last asked worriedly. ‘Is it safe?’
‘Nowhere’s safe here – least of all for you!’ the fish chuckled nervously. ‘But if anyone can help, it’s Saivo Niejta – Daughter of the Lake.’


*


Chapter 29

 ‘Everything you’re used to is reversed here: so that the dead may live again. But that means, because you’re alive – then you’ll soon be dead!’
The Daughter of the Lake wasn’t anywhere near as optimistic as Sieidi had hoped she’d be.
Urgency was imperative, she’d learned.
Even if the Mother of the Dead granted her the new body awarded to everyone received here, Sieidi would never be able to leave. Besides, this mother’s mercy was reserved purely for the babies who’d arrived through no real fault of their own.
The only exit was back up through the hole in the lake, which Nemogvelle – whose name Sieidi now knew, having also learned that he was Farrosas’s ‘name- fish’, or animal guide – could easily navigate: but Sieidi could never hope to rise up on the tides of music, no matter how much Saivo Niejta wished it to be so, or sang at her most glorious.
Saivo Niejta’s long, flowing hair was as green as water reeds, her dress the tones of freshly spilled blood – her voice as substantial and glittering as purest gold.
She reached out, took Sieidi’s hand in hers.
The touch was cold yet, astonishingly, reassuring.
‘We all know you shouldn’t be here; like any of the younger children the Mother shows compassion for.’  
‘Then…she might help me after all?’
‘Not help, I think; you have intruded, unasked, in her domain after all. But she might not…shall we say, seek to hinder you if you attempt to leave…’
Sieidi glanced up towards where the great shoals of fish were still ascending on the most moving of melodies. 
‘No: not that way,’ Saivo Niejta said with a sad, understanding smile, ‘but there is one who knows some other way out of here…’


*


The distance to travel, Saivo Niejta assured Sieidi, was a long one: if travelled normally.
Yet in other ways, it was only a musical beat away.
And so, in only a moment, in only a delicate trill from the Daughter of the Lake, they were there; standing close to the dank abode of Vuorwro.
If Saivo Niejta’s home was a bright melody, Vuorwro’s dismal hovel was but a gloomy dirge.
‘She can’t hear us for now,’ Saivo Niejta reassured Sieidi and Nemogvelle, ‘for we remain veiled by rhythms beyond her ears: but when I leave, as I must soon, then take care – for she might well hear you then as you follow her. And if she catches you, she’ll devour you as hungrily as the slumberers who’ve failed to leave any water for her to drink!’
Vuorwro roamed Sieidi’s world on a night, Saivo Niejta had already explained, where she looked for sleepers to entirely gobble up. She resisted her natural urge to do this only if those sleeping in the room had been wise enough to leave her something to quench her thirst.
Somehow, then, Vuorwro had found a way out of the realm of the Mother of the Dead that would eventually lead her out into the lands Sieidi had left behind.
‘It can only be,’ Saivo Niejta further explained before she prepared to leave, having apologised that she couldn’t be seen to be attempting to desert the domain lying beneath the Saivo Lake, ‘that Vuorwro has found a way to break through the waves forming it’s walls: something briefly discordant, perhaps, that shatters the rhythmic flow enough to force a crack in its makeup…’ 


*


Vuorwro, as might be expected, was far from being a pretty sight.
Her hair hung lank and lifeless. Her eyes were truly bulbous, the overly tightened flesh of a sharply revealed skull appearing to force them outwards until they protruded like half-laid eggs.
Yet far more startling than all this was her cavernous mouth.
For, although it appeared reasonably normal at present, it could open in a pained instant like that of a serpent gorging on a ram or cow.
Although, in her case, it was all for the purpose of a disgorging.
When they’d first arrived at her hovel, she hadn’t been ‘home’. But soon, as the cloudy shadows forming its edges shivered and swirled, she’d entered, full of belly as if about to give birth.
And as the rest of her figure, naked and filthy, was every bit as scrawny and underfed as an age-old corpse, her flesh as slimy as wet clay, she’d appeared very very pregnant indeed.
Of course, it wasn’t a child she’d spewed up through her gaping mouth but a full grown man, as naked now as she was, bar the glutinous mucus encasing him like the gossamer afterbirth enveloping a foal. 
He rose, this man, as if from nothing more than a troubled sleep.
Blinking at the strangeness of the new day awaiting him.
He’d wandered off, still in a daze, perhaps believing he was still possessed by some dreadful nightmare. 
Naturally, her now silent observers had worried that Vuorwro herself might need to sleep a while.
Or, at least, wait awhile, until her hunger returned.
Rather, as soon as she’d discharged her task, she instantly turned about once more.
She slipped through the hovel’s dark edges.
Heading off once more back into that other world
She walked almost soundlessly, unhurriedly, her head hung miserably and disinterestedly low. 
And so, following on behind, Sieidi and Nemogvelle had to remain as silent as they could possibly be.


*


Chapter 30

Vuorwro came to a sudden halt.
Had she heard them?
Sieidi held her breath, not wishing to make a single sound.
For it was sound, of course, that was veiling them, they hoped, from her view.
The eddying music, the rise and fall, the swaying of tunes: it all curled endlessly about them here, as substantial as the currents of any deep river.
Vuorwro didn’t look back.
Perhaps she hadn’t heard them after all.
Instead, she bent down, as if, it bizarrely appeared, to untie a shoelace.
For of course, she remained entirely naked.
As she rose once more, she even lifted the foot up a little higher, as if now slipping off that non-existent shoe.
Then she began to walk forward once more; yet with a subtle difference.
She limped, albeit slightly, the same way that a person might if they had indeed removed a shoe.
There was now also a whispering, irregular slithering in the sound of her previously silent movement.
When Sieidi and Nemogvelle passed the area where Vuorwro had so briefly knelt down, they saw that she had indeed taken off what at first glance seemed to be a leathery boot.
On closer inspection, however, it was revealed to be a shoe made of flesh.
Vuorwro had shed it as easily as a serpent slips free of its old skin.


*


‘I…I think you must be expected to do the same thing,’ Nemogvelle spelt out uncertainly in the most hushed of whispers.
‘I…I can’t take off a shoe of my own skin!’ Sieidi protested in horror.
‘It…will grow back: surely?’ Nemogvelle unsurely suggested.
‘Maybe…well, maybe there’s another way…’
Nemogvelle looked back at her hopefully.
‘Well,’ Sieidi continued nervously, ‘what if, really, it’s just as if Vuorwro has really just removed a normal shoe? Which she couldn’t do, because, of course, she wasn’t wearing any in the first place?’
‘Ah, I see,’ Nemogvelle replied brightly, ‘you just leave a shoe behind…’
Sieidi nodded, then, hopping on one foot, slipped off a shoe.
She carried it with her as they walked on, however, realising she’d probably need it later.
Not that it seemed there was going to be a later.
They were going nowhere.
The swirling rhythms were dense here, a thickly impenetrable wall of noise.
‘The shoe…’ gasped Nemogvelle in frustration, recognising they couldn’t possibly make any headway through these rushing waves of mingling tunes, screeches, and cries, ‘you must have to leave it behind! You’re going to after to throw it back behind us!’
Accepting she had no choice, Sieidi turned about, threw the shoe back to where Vuorwro’s leathery boot still stood: yet the dense wall remained before them, refusing to allow them through.
Exhausted by their fruitless attempts to find some way of penetrating the surging waves, Sieidi and Nemogvelle miserably admitted defeat, turning back towards the relative peace of the area where the two shoes lay upon the round.
‘A shoe’s not enough, obviously,’ a frustrated Sieidi admitted, adding with a cringe of disgust, ‘Somehow, I am going to have to shed a shoe of flesh!’


*


Chapter 31

Obviously, she had to get out of here, Sieidi told herself resolutely: but by removing a whole foot-worth’s of flesh?
How could it be done anyway?
A knife?
That sounded truly horrendous!
Besides, she didn’t have a knife.
She couldn’t just shed a foot of skin the effortless way Vuorwro had!
She glanced worriedly at Vuorwro’s fleshy boot…
‘I wonder…’ she said thoughtfully…
It would still be a cringingly horrendous experience, naturally – but nowhere near as bad as tearing away her own skin.


*


Sieidi walked forward now with the hissing, irregular slithering that Vuorwro herself had made as she’d casually approached the wall.
‘It might work after all!’ a previously doubtful Nemogvelle now admitted excitedly. ‘Something unexpectedly disharmonious, a sound like no other: perhaps it becomes acceptable to – or even absorbed by – the wall of noise!’ 
Using the shoe’s laces, tying them together, Sieidi had hung them both about her neck. One of her feet, then, was perfectly bare.
The other (even now, Sieidi’s mind squirmed at the thought) was sheathed in Vuorwro’s boot of shed flesh.
This time as she neared the wall, however, it subtly shifted before her.
Accepted her.
Absorbed her.
Yet no matter how hard Nemogvelle forced himself against the pummelling sound, or even when he cunningly attempted to follow in Sieidi’s wake, it vigorously repelled him, much as a fierce wind resits anyone vainly hoping to walk against it. 
‘I can’t go on!’ a frustrated Nemogvelle had to apologetically confess. ‘I’ll only hold you back now; you must carry on on your own!’
‘I’ll come back so we can try– ‘
‘No no!’ Nemogvelle yelled in alarm. ‘Don’t turn around; the sounds will change! There’s no telling what might happen to you!’
‘But I can’t leave you…’ Sieidi anxiously wailed, fearful that she’d lose a trusted friend, but not daring to peer back over her shoulder after Nemogvelle’s warning, or even to slow her pace.
‘Look out for the Willow Mother; she’ll…’
But his voice was already fading.
And then, nothing at all could be heard from him.
Nemogvelle had been left behind; and there was nothing Sieidi could do about it.


*


Chapter 32

The dark, cloudy residues still surrounding Sieidi as she appeared to be drawing closer to some kind of edge or exit continued to veil her view of things – yet she was sure she could see a woman on the other side.
Vuorwro?
Surely not: this woman didn’t appear anywhere near as scrawny or wretched as the spirit devourer.
So…was this the Willow Mother?
And if so – well, just what had Nemogvelle meant by, “Look out for the Willow Mother…”?’
Was this Willow Mother a danger to her?
Or someone who might offer help?
‘Ah, a follower of the First Mother, I see!’ the woman said brightly as Sieidi continued to approach her.
Sieidi must have unconsciously pulled a puzzled face, for the woman good naturedly explained, with a glance down at the oddly clad foot: ‘The single shoe?’
‘Ah, I see…’ Sieidi instinctively answered – even though she didn’t see the point the woman was making at all.
The woman must have realised this, for she smiled, explained a little more.
‘Those who serve and worship the First Mother wear a single shoe…’
The woman’s eyes widened as she took in the shoe’s horrendous characteristics.
‘But what a strange shoe!’ she exclaimed. ‘However did you come by such a terrible thing?’
‘I followed Vuorwro,’ Sieidi confessed, seeing no reason to hide the truth. ‘She left it behind: it was the only way to follow on after her…’
At last free of the swirling dark clouds, bar the odd wisp, which had continued to cling to her for a while since she’d otherwise entirely emerged from the wall, Sieidi gratefully sat down upon the grass and began to gingerly remove the shoe of withered flesh.
Glancing about her, she saw she’d arrived in land of rolling meadows, very much like the fields surrounding her village, only far more perfectly so. 
Pulling clear a clump of grass, she used its juicy goodness to clean first her foot, then her hands.
‘You’re removing it?’ the woman asked in surprise. ‘You don’t wish to go onwards to meet the First Mother then, perhaps?’
‘If she could help me return home, then, yes: I’ll willingly slip that horrendous thing back on!’
‘Return home?’
As she repeated Sieidi’s words, the woman observed her with greater scrutiny.
‘You’re not like the others who used to regularly travel this way, are you?’
‘I’m here by accident,’ Sieidi miserably admitted. ‘A mistake…I shouldn’t be here,’
‘Then…why, we’ll simply have to see how we can get you back home, wont we?’
‘You can help? You’d help me?’ Sieidi asked hopefully, adding more circumspectly, ‘Are you…the Willow Mother?’
The woman smiled, nodded.
‘Servge Edni is another name I go by in your world,’ she said. ‘And of course I’ll help you: but, as I suspect you’ve already frustratingly found, I can only help you to progress so far – and then you’ll need to seek the help of others, while avoiding those who mean you harm.’


*


‘Where am I now?’ Sieidi asked, looking out with great pleasure across the grassy hills.
‘This is where my husband, Radien, sleeps.’
‘Sleeps?’
‘Why not? He’s there to be called whenever we’re needed to guide those spirits seeking to become the children of your world.’
‘Then…I must be close to returning home!’ Sieidi exclaimed gleefully.
The Willow Mother shook her head sadly.
‘But you’re hardly a child wishing to be born,’ she chuckled resignedly. ‘If you were, why then yes: I could take you to the First Mother and her Three Daughters, who’d thread flesh about you and establish your character!’
‘So…it’s not so simple – at least for me! – I presume?’
‘Not simple – but not impossible either.’


*


As they had talked, they had also walked.
Yet, just as she’d experienced while travelling alongside the Daughter of the Lake, Sieidi realised they were covering massive distances in each fleeting instant.
It was as if the land itself were urgently rushing beneath their feet.
It was a land, too, of the most amazing glories.
The grass was incredibly lush.
The forests a bright, sparkling green.
And as they came to yet another vast, rolling meadow, Sieidi saw to her delight that a huge herd of reindeer peacefully grazed there, as if under the watchful eye of a soaring, glisteningly white mountain.
‘Ah, good, good!’ the Willow Mother said gleefully, adding curiously, ‘She’s thankfully asleep!’
Asleep?
Just like the Willow Mother’s husband?
Does everyone sleep around here?
Sieidi realised it was best not to ask.
‘Fortunately for you,’ the Willow Mother added with a satisfied chuckle. 
‘Why, is she dangerous?’ Sieidi asked, wondering who this ‘she’ might actually be.
‘Far from it: Akanidi brought happiness to your world! But she and her herd are only visible to such as you while she sleeps!’  


*


Chapter 33

Deep amongst her herd, Akanidi, one of the three Daughters of the Sun, slept peacefully upon the grass. 
‘If she wakes,’ the Willow Mother further explained as they now slowly and quietly approached the sleeping girl, ‘both she and her herd will vanish…’
‘Then…how can she help me…?’
‘Embrace her, with tearful kisses…and she will help you receive the happiness you crave, just as she did when she lived in your world.’
‘Why does she no longer live there? Didn’t she like it?’
‘Far from it! She would dance and sing for your people, delighting them everywhere she went! She taught you how to embroider your clothes with beads and beautiful colours, how to make buttons from mussel shells, and how to tell stories!’
‘Then why leave? Is that why…why happiness is…well, there doesn’t seem to be as much happiness in my world as I would prefer there to be!’
‘She left because even she couldn’t still the envy of men’s hearts! If they couldn’t have her talents for making everyone happy, why: then neither should she have it! They hoped to crush her beneath a large rock – and so she went back up into the sky!’
As she finished her short tale, the Willow Mother pulled from about her neck a scarf that had three knots in it.
‘Each knot represents one of the First Mother’s Three Daughters: release each one when you think it might help,’ she only half explained.
Then, with a nod of her head, before she could be questioned any further, she indicated that Sieidi should kneel down beside the girl.
Akanidi’s story was such a sad tale, Sieidi thought.
How much happier could we all be if only foolish men hadn’t sought to control it all for themselves?
And they’d tried to kill her, simply because they resented her for bringing a happiness they weren’t responsible for!
A tear came freely to her eye as she embraced the slumbering Akanidi. 
It ran from her cheek to that of the sleeping girl.
Yet still the girl slept.
Wasn’t the embrace supposed to wake her?
Surprised by the lack of response, Sieidi worriedly looked back to where the Willow Mother stood.
But now it seemed the Willow Mother had also deserted her.
For she was nowhere to be seen.


*


Akandi was…singing.
Yes, even though the girl remained fast asleep, Sieidi was sure only she could be responsible for such a beautiful, joyful tune!
A tune that came from everywhere all at once.
It was the tilling of tiny birds, the hum of summer insects, the relieved sighs of the wind, the clavichord tones of tinkling streams, and the excitable whispers of leaves.
Out of the corner of an eye, Sieidi caught a flash of gold moving swiftly across the looming mountainside.
Looking up, she saw what could be the only cause of the sun-like flash.
A young, white reindeer, now standing patiently upon one of the mountain’s lower ridges.
It’s antlers were of purest gold, it seemed, or at the very least caught within their entanglements what only be the bright rays of the sun.
Its hooves, too, sparkled as if it were shod with other reams of glittering gold.
If it had been rapidly moving before Sieidi had glanced up towards it, it had now chosen to remain almost perfectly still.
It looked directly back at Sieidi.
It was waiting for her.
It wouldn’t come any lower – she would have to walk towards it.
Was that Akandi’s voice Sieidi heard telling her this?


*


‘I’m Oleshek.’
By now, Sieidi had become quite accustomed to all manner of creatures talking to her, so she was far from surprised by the young reindeer’s greeting.
‘Akanidi has called me away from the holy mountain of Passevaari to help you.’
‘Then you can take me…’ Sieidi feared voicing the next word, feared it would cause only further disappointment, ‘…home?’
‘Why yes, of course!’ Oleshek brightly replied, adding with only a modicum of doubt, ‘Provided, naturally, that we can avoid the Hill Man and his hunting dogs!’


*


Chapter 34

Traveling alongside the Daughter of the Lake had been an amazing experience, for Sieidi had never ever moved so incredibly swiftly from one place to another.
Her walk with the Willow Mother had been all the more glorious, however, for they’d passed through some of the most perfect countryside Sieidi had ever seen.
Yet riding upon Oleshek’s back put even these wondrous experiences in the shade.
It wasn’t just that Oleshek’s flesh was as smooth and white as the finest silk.
It wasn’t even the glowing antlers, that emitted a comforting warmth along with their welcoming glare.
The reindeer effortlessly carried her up the steep, craggy mountainside as rapidly as if they were rushing downhill, Oleshek being perfectly sure-footed, impossibly agile.
Sieidi’s heart beat with purest joy.
She could ride like this – well, surely for ever?
She could see so incredibly far on every side, as if she were riding across the very top of the world.
While Oleshek moved so swiftly, so smoothly, it felt more like they were flying.
The effect was even more magical as all sound about them died, abruptly muffled by a hurriedly falling and deeply laying snow that coated everything in cloudy pillows and quilts.
The air was crisp, electrified. And Sieidi’s excited breath rushed out just ahead of her like vaporised spirts that briefly rose upwards before being entirely dissipated.
There was a boom, a crackle of instantly heated sky, and the startlingly dazzling glow of a lightning bolt. A shard of energy not crashing down from high above, however, but striking out bizarrely horizontally, rushing at unbelievable speed just above the ground towards them.
It struck Oleshek hard in her moon-like flank, almost flinging her brutally to one side: yet with little more than a resigned, resilient groan of agony, the young reindeer instantly picked up speed once again.
But she’d undoubtedly been hit, Sieidi saw, glancing down to where she Oleshek had been struck.
For a deeply embedded arrow protruded now from the previously flawlessly white flesh.  


*


Chapter 35

Even through the veiling swirls of snow, Siedi couldn’t fail to spot and be astounded by the sight of the hunter who’d let loose the silvered arrow.
He was a massive bear – or, at least, a gigantic bear of a man, garbed in lush skins.
His bow was as gaily coloured as a rainbow, his arrows as electrically glittering as any storm bolt: until, as he pulled them aside, each became instead a long-handled hammer he used as sticks to urgently propel himself forward on slippery skis.    
 ‘Oleshek! You’re wounded badly!’ Sieidi cried out fearfully. ‘Is there anything I can do?’
Where blood streamed from Oleshek’s wound, the ground passing swiftly beneath her sparkling hooves darkened, the snow vanishing to reveal a barren ground devoid of any plant life, even grass.
The ground rumbled, as if it too had been pained badly by the wound.
‘No, no: It can’t be helped, I can’t stop,’ Oleshek’s breathed heavily in reply to Sieidi’s anxious query, adding resolutely, ‘I can’t stop – that’s what he wants.’
The calm and quiet of the snow-draped scene had been entirely shattered, the cacophonic barking of over excited and ferociously hungry dogs echoing amongst the trees. They came close, too, these two dogs, bounding across and through the thick carpet of snow, so close that Sieidi believed she recognised them – for surely they were the piper’s hounds?
She thought it was all over for her and Oleshek, that with one extra leap the dogs would be upon them, riving away white flesh, tearing at golden antlers.
Yet with a surging of newfound strength, Oleshek weaved, pulled ahead – and was then galloping forwards at a speed Sieidi believed could leave even arrows behind in her wake.
They rose higher and higher up the mountain, now passing by areas where large outcrops crumbled, fell. Rivers ran upstream, it seemed to Sieidi, leaving cavernous valleys that appeared to have been extensive lakes only moments before.
And still the hunter followed on after them.
‘Let him catch me!’ Sieidi yelled in exasperation. ‘Drop me off here: I don’t want you be injured anymore than you’ve already suffered just because of me!’
‘It’s not you the Hill Man wants!’ Oleshek cried back over her shoulder. ‘It’s me! The great bear wants to take my place!’  


*


 ‘How can he take your place?’ Sieidi asked, seated low and clinging on tightly to the galloping reindeer by her golden antlers.
‘You’re wounded!’ came a thunderous voice from somewhere far behind them and hidden in the chaotically swirling snow fall.  
His steps fell heavily, even amongst the dulling snow sheets, such that the trees about him toppled, and deep gullies were left wherever he trod.
‘Perhaps he can’t, fully,’ Oleshek said in reply to Sieidi’s bemused query, ‘but he seeks control over everything I bring to the world, wanting only it to be his to bequeath! Being a master of the lower world isn’t enough for him: already some call him The Coming One, or the sunstar, Aurinkontähti!’
Her last words were lost to Sieidi, a sudden, incredibly powerful gust of wind catching them up, taking them high, throwing them to new, ever-more powerful winds that were now being abruptly conjured up.
Oleshek recognised the signs.
‘The Man of the Winds!’ she yelled back more forcefully this time at Sieidi. ‘The Hill Man’s persuaded another to join him in his hunt!’


*


Chapter 36

Even Oleshek struggled to make headway against the fierce gusts that were now deliberately holding them back.
The winds picked up the frozen layers of snow, threw them their way as arrow-like shards, and cajoled the falling snow into a chaotic swirling that veiled everything lying before them.
For a brief moment, Sieidi fooled herself into thinking she saw this Man of the Winds, laughing down at them as he used massive shovels to send the freezing, snow-borne winds rushing towards them.
The knots…
Could the knotted scarf granted her by the Willow Mother help in any way?
She undid a knot, praying that it might help in some way, any way.
It was the knot of Sarakka, who moulds around a soul the beginnings of the flesh of a babe, even as it lies within the heated waters of the womb.
She rose up from the knot, it seemed to a Sieidi who was half-blinded by the frozen, frenziedly whirling snow. And she began to gather about her her own threads of power, remoulding the winds under her own directions.
They curled back then, these previously unwieldly strands of gusts, now bound to Sarakka’s will, streaming up and away, wrapping themselves up into entirely new forms that not even the Man of Winds could have anticipated he’d be encountering: and before he had time to give birth to any response, these gusts rushed everywhere now about him, encasing him in their own tight grip, cocooning him so forcibly his arms and therefore his shovels were at least momentarily useless.
As the ferocious whirling of snow eased, taking on a new, calmer patterning, the two adversaries faded out of sight.
There was an abrupt sizzle of heat, a brilliant flash of light.
And a second arrow of slivered sky brutally struck Oleshek between her golden antlers. 


*


Chapter 37

In the distance, whole mountains rumbled, shook and began to partially tumble.
Yet Oleshek herself refused to crumble under the onslaught.
Yes, she briefly stumbled, the shock too great to bear even for her: but she recovered, regained her footing, and, with a flash of golden hooves, set off at a pace that seemed to ignore the pain of her terrible wounds.  
She was fully aware, however, that it wasn’t anywhere near the speed she would need to maintain to stay ahead of the Hill Man.
And so, she plunged into the nearby thicket.
And it appeared to Sieidi that the whole world was suddenly so much darker.


*


No, not just darker.
The snow was heavier.
Colder.
More thickly laying.
Despite Oleshek’s remarkable recovery from her second wound, their pace was continuing to slow.
If the Hill Man was continuing his pursuit, he – or, far more likely, his hunting dogs – would be upon them quite soon.
Was it time to untie the second knot? Sieidi wondered.
She grasped it in her hand, preparing to loose it – and then, ahead of them in the gloom, she caught sight of what appeared to be a bright light.
A guiding light, perhaps?
It was, at the very least, somewhere definite to head for amongst so much indefinable darkness.
The light sparkled, like the moon on frosted snow, with the glittering radiance of countless small stars.
It was a young girl, half Sieidi’s age.
And while she was warmly clothed on one side, on the other she was entirely naked.


*


Chapter 38

The half naked girl suffused a light of her very own, it seemed to Sieidi.
Yet added to this, she was also brightly illuminated in the ghostly iridescence of a single ray cast down upon her by a large, full moon hovering unnaturally low in the sky.
Surely it wasn’t already night?
Whispering light flowed around the girl, setting the icy sheen of the deeply layered snow crackling.
‘Whenever you’re injured, Oleshek,’ the moonlight sighed, ‘my own light always seems to dim…’
‘Then that is a great shame, Mánu,’ the reindeer said respectfully, ‘for whenever I can’t be around to safely lead the herds, your benevolent light will always suffice.’
‘I offer it to you now: and I’ve called on Sala Niejta to offer further aid.’
‘A Daughter of the Sun: I’m blessed to have such friends!’
‘Friends who need you more than you need us!’ the moon sadly chuckled. ‘If these foul hunters draw close enough to deliver the fatal blow, Oleshek: why, then I fear that that I will entirely lose my shine. And when the sun goes out too, what can all that herald but the end of the world?’  
Without a further exchange of words, the girl turned about, as if assuming she should lead the way, and they would surely follow.
Her naked flesh seemed oblivious to the freezing cold.
She could have been a young girl, heading out across a fresh, summer meadow. 
She raised a bared arm, waved a hand: and the snow to her side rapidly thawed, melted, retreated, as if the countryside was already preparing for the arrival of spring.
On the side where she remained clothed, of course, the thick snow remained in place.
She briefly glanced back over her bared shoulder, checking that Oleshek and Sieidi remained aware that they must continue to follow.
The going was easy now for them.
They had light.
And there was no deep snow slowing Oleshek’s tread.


*


Despite Oleshek’s increased pace, there was no hope of keeping up with the half-naked young girl.
Like the Willow Mother and the Daughter of the Lake, wherever she walked the land appeared to slip hurriedly beneath her feet.
She was gone in little more than an instant.
A narrow band of land stretching out before Oleshek and Sieidi stayed clear of snow and ice just long enough for them to reach it before, with a crackling of cold air, the thick layering almost instantly returned behind them.
The moon, too, cast her silvery glow wide ahead of them – and yet ensured not even a greyish glimmer fell to their rear.
To throw the Hill Man’s dogs of the scent, Oleshek splashed into the freezing yet now unfrozen waters of a small river, walking further up into the mountains for a while, following a flow that persisted on rushing upwards.
At last, they thought it must be safe to rest, if only to clean and bathe Oleshek’s wound and grant her a better chance of recovering.
‘We can’t risk delaying too long,’ Oleshek nevertheless insisted. ‘Once he realises I’m weakened, the Alder Man will gleefully join the chase. There’s nothing he likes more than hunting and tracking down…’
Oleshek paused, frowned, lifting an ear to listen more intently to sounds coming from far off.
As she also listened, Sieidi heard them too: dogs.
Hunting dogs, elatedly barking as they rushed ever nearer.
The hunters were in pursuit once more.


*


Chapter 39

 ‘How could they find us so quickly?’ Sieidi wailed in surprise as she once again clung tightly to Oleshek’s back.
‘The Alder Man has his way of persuading the wild animals of the forest to tell him whatever he wants to know…’
Yes, yes: Sieidi could hear the raucous cries surrounding them now.
It was more than just the normal chatter of forest creatures.
‘They’re here, they’re here!’ the tree dwellers hesitantly cried out, wondering whose side they should take. 
‘They’re here, they’re here!’ the birds joined in equally indecisively.
‘They’re here, they’re here!’ screeched the animals of the undergrowth, even the underground warrens, hiding away in shame at their betrayal.
The second knot…
Would that help?
Keeping a tight hold on Oleshek’s violently bucking back with one hand, Sieidi warily began to use her other to undo the knotted scarf.
At last, after a great deal of nervous fumbling, the knot of Uksakka fell entirely open.
She shapes the foetus as it lies in her – or will it now soon be his? –  mother’s womb.
She brings decision, then, to where there was indecision.
The threads of winds she calls rise up and away from her in an instant, rapidly spreading wide through the air. Then they drop back to dart through the trees, the undergrowth – even deep down into the warrens.
Such powerful gusts give way to no one.
They bend everyone to their will.
They shriek angrily, authoritatively.
Still your voices! 
The choice is made for you!
Your true nature is now determined – never to be changed again!
And the cries of the creatures are abruptly transformed.
‘They’re here, they’re here!’ they cried now, whenever Oleshek and Sieidi were nowhere to be seen.
‘They’re way over there, they’re way over there!’ they yelled gleefully as Oleshek and Sieidi rushed close by them.
‘Here, come here!’ they commanded the hunting dogs, even though Oleshek and Sieidi were now far away.’
And the dogs fell silent, once again confused and lost.


*


As the previously viciously barking dogs fell silent, the birds everywhere erupted into a joyously uplifting song.
The power lying within Oleshek’s pounding hooves increased along with the growing exuberance of the delightful tune, the rushing of the blood coursing through her veins now apparent even to Sieidia. She could feel it surging beneath the reindeer’s flesh as strongly as the most magnificent of rivers flow through the valleys.
Indeed, it was as if Oleshek’s gloriously white fur was the covering of snow, hiding the rich, dark flesh of a potentially abundant soil.
Oleshek was no longer a young deer: she had somehow rapidly matured, now in her prime, muscularly strong and supremely confident.
With every bounding leap, she soared higher.
And higher.
Until there was a point when it seemed Oleshek simply decided: why bother coming back down to earth, when it is so easy to simply rush across the sky?


*


Chapter 40

Along with rest of her body, Oleshek’s antlers had grown in size and majesty, now almost globular in their form, as more befitting some great elk.
And comfortably encased within the golden embrace, a young girl was now seated there.
And half of her body was naked.
And the other half was a verdant green, clothed in garments of wheat, leaves and brightly toned blooms.
She was Rana Niejta, another Daughter of the Sun.
Wherever she looked down upon the earth now rushing by far beneath them, the fields sprouted fresh grass, the trees new fruits, and the flowers burgeoned with buds. 
The forests were no longer dark and forbidding, but shone with a glow of gold, such that they could well have originally sprung from Oleshek’s brightly blazing antlers.
Sieidi could sense the beating of Oleshek’s heart as it pounded hard with exhilaration.
And as long as it was beating with joy like this, the earth would be a place of peace and love.


*


It was then – just as she was hoping this would never end, that she could fly like this for ever – that Sieidis’s own heart missed a beat.
The drum!
Where was her drum?
She reached down with a freed hand to feel about her waist, hoping, perhaps, that she’d tied it there, only to forget she’d done so.
No: it wasn’t there!
Then she must have…
No: she couldn’t think where else she might have placed it.
She must have lost it!


*


Chapter 41

When had she last held the drum?
Sieidi couldn’t remember with any certainty. 
She’d had it when talking to the Deer Mother, hadn’t she?
But when talking to her mother…?
She couldn’t recall having it at that point.
Yet that didn’t mean she hadn’t still been holding onto it at the time...
Wasn’t it far more likely she’d dropped the drum when she’d been so violently lifted up off her feet by the Ruohtta?
The fact was, did any of this really matter anyway?
The fact was, she’d lost it – when she’d been quite clearly told to take care of it, as it held precious, precariously obtained threads!
Threads she needed to return home.


*


She didn’t wish to do anything that would spoil Oleshek’s joy.
But she would have to tell her that she’d left her drum behind, somewhere far back on her travels.
Perhaps Oleshek would know how to retrieve it.
Perhaps…
But when Sieidi told Oleshek of her problem, the great golden elk could only sigh.
‘I can’t go back, Siedi: at least, not to the areas where you think you might have left your drum…I’m sorry.’
‘It’s my fault, not yours, Oleshek,’ Sieidi miserably confessed.
‘But…’ Oleshek said more brightly, ‘I might know someone who might be able to help…’


*


As Oleshek dropped lower and lower in the sky, the earth below dimmed, as if preparing for evening. 
In that growing darkness, Sieidi spotted a wolf, slinking in the shadows, making use of its shade to secrete its wily activities. 
For as the sun slowly sinks, the wolf comes out.
Hadn’t Oleshek seen him?
She appeared to be dropping down towards him.
‘Oleshek: there’s a wolf there…’ Sieidi warned her friend.
‘Indeed: and that’s why we’re headed there…’
‘To meet a wolf?’ Sieidi gasped in horror.
‘The wolves you’ve heard of,’ Oleshek explained, ‘acts only as a wolf must: for this is the natural limit, as with the height of waves in the oceans. Surely, he doesn’t bend to human will – in the same way that humans are not meant to control nature…’
‘Still, if he’s hungry…’
‘Hungry for knowledge, Sieidi: for this is Suologievra, the wolf spirit, who traverses the lower, middle, and upper worlds. A night wanderer, but also a companion and teacher for some people.’
As they landed softly by the wolf, he rose up on his hind legs, faced them directly as if he were really a man.
‘A girl who’s lost her threads, I see,’ he smirked, adding with a resigned sigh, ‘It happens all the time these days – only they rarely realise it!’


*


Chapter 42

As Oleshek left Sieidi and Suologievra to work out how they might possibly retrieve her lost drum, the darkness lying about them became ever more complete.
‘On my back!’ he sternly ordered. ‘We’ll travel faster that way!’
His back was nowhere near as comfortable as Oleshek’s had been. The smell was odd too: musty, sickly.
The long fur also felt greasy, wiry, hard.
Still, he moved with an incredible lightness. The darkness apparently caused him little trouble, for he made no attempt to take on a more cautious pace.
‘Do you know of the Northern Star, around which the pole of the world turns?’
‘I’ve heard of the star,’ Sieidi curiously replied to Suologievra’s query. ‘Even that it holds the sky in place: but these are old wives’ tales, yes?’
‘Then perhaps old wives are better informed than you might think!’ he chuckled. ‘For why else would the Hill Man seek to plunge everything into a senseless unconsciousness by shooting it down from the heavens?’
‘Why does he do these things, this Hill Man?’
‘Why does any man seek to control the things he fears most?’
Abruptly, he leapt up high into the darkness: and when they began to fall, it seemed to Siedi as if he’d leapt out over a hidden cliff edge, and they would now fall for ever.


*


Chapter 43

The darkness they were plummeting through gave no clue as to where they might be.
But then Sieidi saw a small, sparkling light in what otherwise still remained an unbroken sheet of darkness.
Then she glimpsed another, equally tiny light.
And then another.
And another.
Stars: they were stars, she began to excitedly realise as evermore glittering lights appeared everywhere about them.
Stars that, in their groupings, took on here and there the shapes of animals, or objects.
Suddenly, Suologievra’s plummeting fall was violently arrested, as if they’d struck a hidden obstacle in the darkness.
Yet whatever it was, Suologievra didn’t seem to mind: for he reached out, grasped this invisible object, and began to swirl about it as if sliding down a towering pole at foolish speeds.
They rushed down and down: and then, once again unexpectedly abruptly, the falling came to a sudden end.
‘Here we are!’ Suologievra declared with satisfaction.
As Sieidi slid down off his back, she nervously glanced everywhere about them.
They were indeed at the base of a pole: but hardly one stretching up high into the heavens.
She could see its top, even in the darkness, for a nail hammered into the wood glittered there in the starlight.
Moreover, she recognised this pole: even though she’d seen it for the first time only days (was it days? She couldn’t be sure!) ago.
It was smeared with what she’d taken to be a mix of blood and lard. 
Nearby, there stood the immense stone, so much larger than any others, and surrounded by a fence of blood-strewn antlers.
She was home: or, at least, very close to home.


*


If Suologievra had been a frightening sight in the other world, here, back in Sieidi’s own world, his looming presence seemed more threatening than ever.
It wasn’t natural, was it, for a wolf to stand on its hind legs, like a man?
To talk?
To run from one realm to another, as she might run from one field to the next?
Yet she realised, she had a great deal to thank him for.
He’d brought her home – or, at least, back to her own plane of existence.
But…she was still missing her drum…
‘My drum…’ she began hesitantly.
Suologievra shrugged.
‘You said you weren’t sure where you’d lost it…’
‘But I thought…I hoped…’
‘That we’d go back for it?’
He laughed.
‘And how long would that take, do you think, with you on my back?’
‘Then will I have to return...?’
‘Return to your village: that’s all you have to do. I can run through the nine valleys of the three realms in one night – I’ll find your drum!’


*


Chapter 44

The people in their houses were sleeping like bears waiting for the winter’s end.
They didn’t hear Sieidi returning to the village in the thick darkness of night.
Yet Sieidi heard someone crying…
Wondering who it could be, she followed the sounds of sobbing.
She arrived at a building she was sure she’d never seen before.
For it was some form of tiny, moated jail, with a single barred window. 
‘Who…who is that?’ Sieidi nervously whispered, for she didn’t wish to wake up the rest of the village.
‘Sieidi? Is that you?’ came the startled reply.
It was the drummer girl who appeared at the bars of the window.
‘Farrosas!’ Sieidi exclaimed in surprise. ‘Why have they locked you up? Who locked you up?’
‘Locked me up?’ Farrosas cried back curiously. ‘But…it doesn’t matter; not now you’re back!’ ‘The drum – and it’s threads! They’re all we need to bring to an end any imprisonment!’
‘The…the threads?’ Sieidi replied miserably, not wishing to inform Farrosas that she’d left the drum behind in the other realms, continuing doubtfully, ‘How…how can they help you escape?’ 
‘The soul, the body; with the threads, I can transform them into a Bjara bird who flies free, of course!’
Naturally, Sieidi had never heard of such a thing.
But then, there were so many other things she hadn’t heard of until just a few days ago…
She was just about to forlornly admit that she no longer had the drum when a lanky, wiry man appeared alongside her in the darkness.
In his hands, he held her drum out to her.
‘I didn’t have to visit every valley after all!’ he said with a pleased, toothy grin. ‘But you know; I might just visit them all anyway!’
In an instant, Suologievra was a wolf once more: silently looping off into a darkness that eagerly welcomed him as one of its own.


*


Chapter 45

Siedi had her drum back!
And the threads safely nestled inside too, presumably.
But…how on earth could she get them across the moat and through the narrowly placed bars to the waiting Farrosas?
She still had a knot, the third knot, to untie…
The knot of Juksakka the Bow Woman, the protector of children.
As the knot was unloosened, Juksakka rose up around Sieidi as a swirling gust of cold wind. A cold gust that also rattled through the holes in the rear of the drum, making it thrum a little, catching up the threads, and carrying them along in a now directly aimed course.
The threads whisked through the bars like stiffly straightened arrows: then abruptly collapsed into Farrosas’s hands as the wind abruptly came to an end.
‘It worked!’ Farrosas elatedly yelled. ‘I’ve got them!’
But what, Sieidi thought, as she evermore impatiently waited and waited for this bird of threads to fly through the barred window, had exactly worked?
There was still no sign of Farrosas breaking free.
‘Farrosas!’ she hissed eventually. ‘What’s happening? What’s going on?’
‘Why, naturally I’m free! Free as a bird!’ Farrosas shouted back.
Sieidi cringed at the loudness of Farrosas’s cry: was she trying to wake everyone in the village up?
‘But…where are you then?’ she whispered back curiously. ‘I can’t see you!’
‘Well, of course you can’t,’ Farrosas replied with a resigned sigh. ‘I can fly anywhere from here now, Sieidi: but you’re still imprisoned in your old beliefs!’
‘Old beliefs?’ Sieido snorted defensively. ‘I don’t…well, to be honest, I don’t know what to believe any more, to be honest!’
‘That’s a start,’ Farrosas chuckled. ‘I can work with that. The soul, the body: we can begin to return everything to you, as is yours by rights…’
As Farrosas spoke, the jail, and the moat, began to crumble, to fall apart, to dissolve into dust – until it could all be carried away on three gleefully chuckling gusts of wind. 
‘You’re free, Sieidi!’ Farrosas cheerfully declared, rushing forward to embrace a still stunned and bemused Sieidi.
‘I’m free…’ she mumbled doubtfully.
But then, as she at last returned Farrosas’s warm and comforting embrace, she began finally to understand.
And the drum began to beat joyously of its own accord.
And with a raucous tune, too, that would undoubtedly waken up even the most deeply hibernating bears.
But Sieidi was past caring about such foolish things.
For as long as it was beating with joy like this, the earth would be a place of peace and love.
She took Farrosas’s hands in hers
And they danced and danced and danced for all they were worth – which was a very great deal indeed.


End



*


          The Pear-shaped Drum & The Other Mothers








If you enjoyed reading this book, you might also enjoy (or you may know someone else who might enjoy) these other books by Jon Jacks. 

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  The Veil  –  Petals: Portals of Desire  –  Ripppples
The Deep and Secret Yes


