The Truth Lies Beneath Your Eyes
Published by Nzingha Keyes at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 Nzingha Keyes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


Chapter One:
Familiar place with a brand new face
“Refrain please, from everywhere and anywhere and don’t stay near ‘cause I don’t care who you are. Please remove yourself from in the way of the sunlight, much appreciated,” the girl said. Ugh, am I really smart or are people getting immensely dumber as time passes, She thought. She turned back, half snarling as the striped hood that covered her head slipped back enough to let in a ray of sun in her eyes. 
“Dude, move,” she said. He stayed in his position trying to read the manga novel she had in her hand that was now closed. “Listen you nosy-ass-fucker, you’re in my light and now my air space,” she said standing up on the staircase reluctantly, because she was in absolutely no mood for this guy and his bullshit. 
“Temper, temper,” he said.  
“Shove it, your ruining my peace,” she said Jumping down the stairs to go lean on the parked cars. The bell rang to head inside; she did just that while making sure to shove passed the asshole she encountered this morning.
“What’s your name kid,” The guy had caught up to her. 
“One, I’m fourteen and two, what’s it matter to you?” She said. 
“Wow I thought that you were like twelve, I’m fourteen as well. I am looking for my uh, tour guide, I’m new here,” He said. She looked up at him curiously, 
“You’re from…Europe, I can hear it. My names Amethyst,” she said pulling the hood from off her head.
 “Nice name, I’m Alias,” He said. She laughed, 
“You’re not serious, doesn’t your name mean ‘false name’?” She asked. 
“Precisely, but my mom loved how it sounded and thus my name,” He said with a smile. 
“Well if I’m your tour guide, I’ll need to see your schedule,” she said. 
“Oh yeah, here,” he handed it to her. 
“Alias Damien Cardei,” she read aloud.  
“Amethyst Lyell Alexander,” He countered. 
“Whoa there stranger danger, how do you know my full name?” She asked suspiciously. 
“The world works in mysterious ways,” he said. 
“Uh yeah, well here’s your study hall,” She said.
Sitting in her seat she looked at Alias. No matter how nice he just was he’s still strange, she thought.  He looked normal, just like any other average teenager. White t-shirt, dark blue jeans and red and white converse with a black backpack. He was tan with light brown hair that stopped right below his ears and had freckles. He had amber colored eyes with green in them and an AC/DC wristband, whatever.  Like one of those undercover superheroes, she thought. She pulled out the D.N. Angel manga she had been reading before Alias came along. Five minutes into that she could feel someone standing over her, she looked at the ground and saw Alias’s converse and then threw the book in his face. He caught it and laughed.
“You have anger issues, kid” he said flipping through the book. 
“What did I tell you about calling me kid and you have a lacking of common sense, most people know not to do that,” She said. 
“Go catch the next slow boat to hell,” She added while snatching the book from his hands. 
Math class, math sucks. What dude thought up this stupid number junk anyways? I wonder if he was trying to draw a family called ‘the numbers’ and they were in groups. Then his teacher told him to make a project and he made up math by mistake? If that’s how it happened Then someone needs to beat the shit out of him for giving teacher a new reason to assign homework and then strangle-hey pay attention!!!
 “Well Amethyst would you like to tune in long enough to answer the question?” The math teacher asked. 
“Honestly?” She asked. 
“Cut it, answer the question,” The teacher replied. 
“I would really rather not,” She said. 
“Well then what’s the question at least?”
 Oh hell no, that looks like a war between the green on the chalk board and the chalk, she thought. 
“Umm, no I really can’t.”
Alias was in all her classes, and that seemed like it was going to evolve into a problem. She looked up at where Alias sat, with a strange look on his face. He looks at people like…toy soldiers, like it’s all a child’s toy. She thought. Trying to figure out the predictability of the people here, quite strange seeing as you have only just gotten here.  School takes too much attention, she thought. The day was moving slowly and besides talking to some people Amethyst was very bored. Class was tedious and tiresome. Science was fun Algebra was a battlefield and now it was time for statistics, A hell-zone. Just as I thought I would be entertained, I end up here, she thought. She took as seat on the floor against the wall as opposed to on a chair. 
“Everyone this is our new student Alias Cardei,” their teacher said
. Well isn’t that pointless, what are we five “everyone say hi to Alias”, she thought. “Tell us something about yourself,” the teacher continued.
“No thanks,” Alias said quickly and took his seat.  
“Why might I ask are you sitting on the floor?” Alias asked.  
Amethyst shrugged, “I’ll let you know when it matters”.

And as the light shines, no lies
Like diamonds and fireflies
Jewels and all the things that shine
So pure you are stuck in my mind
But I am not you
I am not clear
And if you see my mind
You see my fears
Can only hope you turn away
Before the sun burns through me
Word to the wise, you shouldn’t care
That’s what was written in her math book. Around it was the do now and a definition of something she would probably see on an upcoming test. Ich nein habe Achtung fur Mathe, She thought. Thoughts in German, the language she was learning. She thought “
I don’t have attention for math”. She looked up to see Alias looking down at her. 
“What?” she said. 
“Nothing, nothing,” he said looking back at his paper.
Now it was time for lunch and she didn’t care much where Alias had run off to. He will probably find 
some people to chill with while I chill with mine. 
“Hey Sparks, hey Sunny, hey Kitty,” Amethyst said. “Hey moonlight,” They all said in unison.
 “What’s the deal with the new kid?” Sunny said. 
“I don’t know but he went from irritating to cool to irritating in one morning,” She responded, pulling her hood back up as quickly she stepped out into the sun. Nicknames that suited perfectly since the first day we all talked, unknowingly of course, she thought. 
“Hey Sunny D, what do you want for lunch,” Amethyst asked jokingly. Sunny smacked her upside the head with a smile.
 “Oh you trick!” Amethyst said returning the favor.
 “I told you not to call me Sunny D, that sounds mega homo,” she said.
 “And I told you I don’t listen, so were even,” Amethyst said. Sunny walked inside along with Sparks. “
Moonlight, where is the new kid from?” Kitty asked.
 “I don’t know somewhere in Europe,” She answered. 
“Dude, go somewhere!” Amethyst said under her breath. 
“What?”
“He’s fucking grilling me from across the street, new kids a stalker,” she answered. Kitty looked over to where Alias was standing,
 “Yeah but a hot stalker.”
“Did you enjoy your lunch?” Alias asked while standing next to her. 
“Ultimately yes,” she responded. 
She has a point, he is kind of hot…or it might just be his accent, she thought. “Mine was rather uninteresting, people are of fleeting intelligence…well most,” he said. “
Most, who are the exceptions?” She asked while writing in her small notebook.
 “So far you, but I don’t know other people and don’t remember most names,” he said. 
“hmm is that right?” she said sounding slightly interested. 
“Yes and your name is interesting where did it come from?” He asked. She moved her dark brown and highlighted hair from out of her eyes to reveal purple Amethyst colored eyes with specks of gold in them, 
“that’s how,” she responded moving her hair back to its original position. He sat there astonished by the color and well she didn’t care, 
“Moonlight, come play soccer with us!” Kitty and Sunny yelled from the gym floor. 
“Later Alias,” she said taking off her hoodie and climbing off the bleachers.
 “I trust you not to go through my backpack,” she finished as she ran to go play. Gym was for distractions and energy.


Midnight, it was ten minutes before midnight and thus ten minutes before Saturday. Hmm, well my friends don’t call me moonlight for nothing, she thought. Sitting comfortably on her bed still in black jeans and red X games t-shirt that she had worn to school. A week off starting tomorrow…cool. She heard a tap and the window.
 “Ahhh!!! What the hell!!” She yelled. Alias just flew into her bedroom…through her window. “What the hell are you!? A fucking ghost!!!” she yelled. “Get the fuck out!!!!” Then things went dark, there were no words and no sound and Amethyst didn’t know where she was. Midnight was for dreamers

Chapter two:
Who the hell is Lucifer?
“Alexander, get a bottle of water,” Alias said. Alexander returned with the water and placed it by her bedside.
 “Alias she’s going to wake up and either have listened and then kicks your ass, or kick your ass and then listen, were halfway around the world,” Alexander said. Alexander was correct by any standard, but at the time that didn’t exactly matter at the moment Alex was being treated as what he was, the little brother. Short with light brown hair that was wavy and covered his eyes, Freckles all over his face and lucid blue eyes that could no lie see right through you. He appeared closer to ten at first glance and never failed to prove you wrong, with jeans and every skate team t-shirt possibly owned by one person, he was undeniably Alexander.
 “Shut up Alexander, I know exactly well that there will be great consequence for my actions but that isn’t the problem at hand”
 “Well when will that be Alias?! When she awakens to find she has been kidnapped and contacts the Romanian authorities? Or when she realizes the strength and potential through rage and annihilates us!!!” Alex was yelling.
 For a twelve year old boy you sure are a wise ass, he thought quickly. “Why don’t you-”His comment was cut short.
 “Liniste, ambele de tine!” Christophe yelled from the doorway. 
“SĂ luaţi o fată ostatic pe prima ta zi de scoala pe suspision. Apoi, pentru a procced chiuitură ca un cretin la Alexander, care prin modul în care este corectă. Mama şi tatăl ar drăcoaică tine mai rău decât mine!“ Christophe was yelling at him in Romanian, quickly and quietly as not to wake Amethyst. 
“Prost!” Christophe said as he left. 
Neither protested or said a word to Christophe as he left. He had jet black hair that stopped at his collar and at the moment was wavy and moist from the shower he had just taken. He had eyes the same color as Alias. He only had on his black jeans and a belt and was holding the shirt he was waiting to put on.  He was sixteen, the oldest and when mom and dad were not there (which was often), what Christophe said was law. Christophe had the ability to speak English but when at home he usually chose not to. Alias didn’t want to admit to it but, both what Alexander and Christophe said had been correct. He had been impulsive and caught up in the moment. As far as he was concerned, he was deftly mistaken and put everything and everyone in danger. 
 “Where…am…I?” The voice was quiet and careful and slightly familiar, Amethyst had awoken.
She looked out the window that was at her bedside and then saw Alias’s reflection in the window. 
“Where am I!? Where have you taken me!!!?” She yelled. I expected…whining, not as much rage, he thought. 
“Romania, welcome Amethyst,” he said flatly. 
“Are you mentally deficient?! Have you lost what little brain you originally possessed? I am calling the police!!!” She yelled getting up to reach the phone. 
“What have you done!!!?” She yelled. She was unaware of the tears she had put in the mattress and the bedside table that she had broken in her rage and he was very certain that what he thought from the beginning was true.
“You don’t know the number for the authorities here and besides that you need to listen to what I need to tell you,” Alias said. 
“What I need to do is go home immediately you damn stalker! What did you do? You were flying!” She yelled. He didn’t know how to deal with this. He hadn’t thought things through this far. 
“Okay, were in Romania,” he started off. “You’re here with me and my two brothers,” He continued. 
“Okay why?” She asked calmly. Okay I guess the shock is setting in and she won’t yell at me, he thought. 
“Have you ever seen Dracula?” He asked. 
“Please tell me you didn’t take me here to reveal that you’re a vampire and I’m your next meal,” she said. 
“No, of course not but well there is a problem,” he responded. 
“Get to it then,” She said. 
“Me and my brothers and a few others here are what’s known as fallen angels,” he said. She studied his expression and then started laughing, 
“this is…the dumbest dream…I’ve ever had in my life,” she said in between bursts of laughter. 
“I’m not joking Amethyst, this is serious,” He said. 
“Well prove it!!!” She said laughing. Alias focused and then wings ripped through the back of his white t-shirt. 
“THAT’S INSANE!!!” She yelled while backing up against the closed window. 
“I’m not going to hurt you, just listen,” Alias said.
“Why am I here Alias?” She said sounding frightened. 
“I’m getting to that, hold on,” He said. “Well fallen angels are usually synonymous with the word ‘demon’. We don’t strive for that, the way you are a fallen angel is if you do something wrong in a previous life and a supposed to be sent to hell are sent to earth again trying to correct whatever you did wrong,” Alias said. 
“What did you do?” Amethyst asked. 
“I would rather not talk about it. The problem at hand is the Calibers. They are like us except they are full demons, they use their reprieve to destroy us, they think they are better,” he said. “We think that if we can destroy them we won’t have to wander the earth for all eternity,” He finished. 
“Okay…where do I fit in here?” Amethyst asked. 
“If suspicion is correct you as well are half demon/ fallen angel,” He replied.
“No way, that isn’t possible,” Amethyst said.
 “What makes you so sure?” Alias asked. 
“I wasn’t banished from heaven, I’ve never been there!” She said. 
“I know, you would remember that. The thing that tipped me off was your eyes and you like ripped through the mattress and broke part of the table next to you,” Alias said. 
“So I’m strong and my eyes are purple, big deal,” She said. 
“Yes, big deal you can’t be born with purple eyes. Besides that, It is said that is a full demon has a child with someone with blue eyes the genes don’t decide and they combine to purple,” He finished. 
“Mom has blue eyes, I don’t know about my dad,” She said going quiet. “I did have a habit of breaking things, but still…” she continued. Alias left her to think.
He walked into the living room. That went relatively well, he thought. 
“How did she take the news so far?” Christophe asked while moving to sit next to him on the couch. 
“I don’t know, how do most people respond to being told that their half demons? Christophe, what if done something wrong?” Alias asked. He was in need of some of his older brother’s wisdom at the moment and Christophe never failed to disappoint. 
“Relaxa fratele mic, ai facut ceea Ce a fost corect,” He said messing up Alias’s hair as he went back to his room. He reapeated what Christophe had said in his mind. ‘Relax little brother, what you did was right’, he thought.
He heard talking coming from his room where Amethyst was at and walked toward the room.  “You get to be special, like a superhero,” He heard Alex talking and then heard Amethyst laugh. 
“Is that how you see it Alex? Can I ask what you did?” She asked. 
“Uh, I would tell you but it’s up to Alias and Christophe because it’s all related,” Alex said with a smile. “You seem like a good person Alex,” she said. 
“I always have been…I just messed up, by they way don’t be sad anymore…your eyes are pretty and superheroes are awesome,” He said sliding off the edge of the bed noticing Alias was standing in the doorway. “I didn’t mess up anything in your room, it just that she was crying and you-“he was hushed. “I understand, thank you Alex,” Alias said and Alex left.
“Okay well, what am I supposed to do here exactly Alias?” She asked him. 
“Help us fight the full demons that get many fallen angels framed,” He responded with slight bitterness. “But I can’t do that, I don’t know how to,” She said. 
“Me and my brothers will teach you for the time being, call your parents and tell them that your sleeping at a friend’s house for the week off,” he said passing her the phone.
 “Why did we have to come to Romania?” She asked while picking up the phone. 
“Because that way me and my brothers aren’t being lectured by our parents and you can’t call the police, this is our parent’s house and they told us to stay with our grandmother for the week while they vacation and then go back to New York over the weekend,” Alias said. 
“Hello, Mom?” She said and Alias walked out.


Chapter 3:
I don’t understand or believe what I see
After a moment of reasoning her mom was convinced she was sleepover at a friend’s house that she conveniently enough didn’t have the number to. So, I’m in Romania convinced I’m a half demon, in a house with 3 boys…for a week, she thought. Well this sounds so safe. Well I’m definitely in for a very interesting midwinter break, that’s for sure. Alias walked in interrupting her thoughts. “Okay well this is my room, yours is the spare down the hall,” Alias said.
 “Okay that’s cool, and very good to know,” she responded.
 “I should probably introduce you to my brothers properly,” He continued. Alex walked in,
 “Hey there,” he said. 
“Hey Alex, I believe we have met,” She said with a smile. 
“I’m almost certain,” he responded in the same joking tone. 
“Don’t be fooled, he’s not as sweet as he seems,” Alias said.  
Alex is absolutely adorable, she thought. 
“Hey, let me figure that out on my own,” she responded. Alex stuck his tongue out at his brother and waved to Amethyst as he left. 
A tall dark haired boy walked into the room without a shirt on. Oh my god he’s hot, she thought. I’m staying in a house with him in it!!? Oh yeah this will definitely be fun. “Oh, um sorry!!!” He said pulling on a t-shirt he had been carrying quickly. The dark haired boy said something in a different language. 
“That’s what you get, dude” Alias said and the boy smacked him in the head. 
“This is my older brother Christophe, excuse his shirtless-ness,” Alias said.  
“It’s n-nice to meet you Christophe,” she said smiling. 
“My brother was correct, your eyes are absolutely dazzling,” Christophe said, sounding absolutely adorable with his accent. “If you would excuse me, I have to continue helping Alex, A fost o plăcere să vă cunosc,” he said as he left.
“What was he saying?”  Amethyst asked. 
“First he said, ‘you couldn’t warn me she was up?’ and just then he said, ‘it was a pleasure to meet you,’ Alias translated. 
“Nothing personal dude but…you’re brother is insanely hot,” Amethyst said. 
“You know you really shouldn’t-“she tuned out. Oh my god, the hotness, she thought. He likes my eyes!!! Well since I’m stuck here part of whatever mission thing I’m doing is to get to know him better. 
“Hey, are you listening?” Alias was yelling. 
“Huh? Yeah, yeah I shouldn’t do whatever, got it,” She responded. 
“You didn’t hear a thing I said did you? I know that look, I’ve seen it before,” Alias said. “What look? Amethyst said completely unaware of what he meant. “Never mind, just…don’t think that way. I know Christophe, he’s trouble.” Amethyst got up to go to her room down the hall, Yeah, undeniably hot trouble, she thought with a smirk.
She walked into the room with her name on the door and it was absolutely amazing. It looks like my bedroom, she thought. She was right, same bed spread same dresser, same clothes in the dresser. She looked up at the posters on the walls. The Used, AFI, Tokio Hotel, Blink 182, I Set My Friends on Fire, Paramore, Alexisonfire, All the posters were there. The only thing that changed was the organization, there were no clothes on the floor and the view out her window was different. “Amazing,” she said. 
“You like it? I tried to make your room as comfortable and familiar as possible for you,” Alias said. 
“How did you do it?” She asked.
 “Simple, your clothes we just took because you would have had to pack anyways we bought some posters and a dresser and a bed spread and the paint color was just lucky,” he said smiling. 
“Thanks, maybe you’re not as horrible as I thought, maybe,” she said. 
“Thank you,” she added.
“Can I sit here?” Alias asked.
 “Yeah sure,” Amethyst responded. “Hey well what am I going to do while I’m here?” She asked. 
“Were going to train you to fight and control your powers better,” he replied. 
“I’ve never seen any angel wars in New York,” Amethyst said. 
“No, you have you just didn’t know it. Like if you’ve met any other purple eyed kids, or kids that were like me,” Alias said. 
“You mean they look at the world with an ‘I’ve seen it before’ glare?” she asked. 
“Uh, yeah okay,” he said. “But wars have been there, just out of your sight,” Alias said. 
“And you needed my help because?” she asked. 
“You are powerful and I want you to realize the potential you have and…” he stopped.
 “And what?” Amethyst asked. 
“Uh nothing…come down stairs and eat breakfast,” Alias said changing the subject.
She walked into the kitchen and everyone was seated, “wow…a lot of food,” she said looking at the round table with eggs and sausage and chocolate chip pancakes and cereal all spread out. 
“Yeah, three demon guys, were always hungry but at least there’s always something you like to eat on the table,” Alex said. She took a seat in between Alex and Christophe and then everyone reached food to put on their plates. 
“Yum, chocolate chip pancakes,” she said swallowing. 
“Those are Alex’s favorites too,” Alias said. “You like your breakfast?” Christophe asked. “You made all of this?” She asked. 
“I made half and Alias made half, I made the pancakes,” Christophe said. 
“Awesome,” she said. 
After eating she walked back up to her room and noticed the iPod dock plugged into the wall by her bed. 
“Hmm,” she said aloud while getting her iPod out her striped hoodie that she must’ve had put on her when she got here. Plugging in the iPod and quickly scrolling through her playlist. 
“So testosterone boys and harlequin girls, will you dance to this beat and hold a lover close? Dance to this beat, dance to this beat, dance to this beat,” She sang while jumping around the room. 
“Let’s get these teen hearts beating, faster, faster,” Alias said the hallway as he opened the door to come inside. 
“Ahhh!!” she yelled falling backwards. 
“Ha, how cute” he said with a smirk. “It’s not funny!” she said laughing while she got up. “What do you want?” she asked turning off the music. 
“Lessons begin now, your first lesson is in the park with Alex, get to it,” he said closing the door.

“What up Alex?” she said once at the park.
 “Okay well, Alias said I had to help train you ‘cause your new and all,” Alex started. 
“No offense but that’s sounds really boring,” Amethyst interrupted. 
“I thought so, were gonna do speed training my way, alright?” He said. Amethyst nodded.  
“TAG, YOU’RE IT!!!” Alex yelled and ran away at an astonishing speed. 
“Wait, what!!!” she said trying to chase after him. 
“That’s all you got? You run like a-Ahhh!!!” Amethyst jumped him.
 “Ha, got you!!!” She said. “Yeah, it only took 20 minutes,” he said teasingly.
 “Shut up,” she responded. “Okay lets chill for a minute,” Alex said.

  Chapter 4:
It makes no sense…or does it?
It was astonishing and absolutely amazing how little and unimportant everything and everybody seems to be when you have your own personal soundtrack playing in your head just loud enough that the voices of outsiders and their words are left muted and unheard. She doesn’t know what I know, Alias thought. He was lying on his bed with his ear buds in his ears but couldn’t care less about the lyrics to the song the he wasn’t really listening to. They weren’t important right now. 
“Ugh and it’s my problem,” he mumbled. “I can’t explain why this bothers me so much but it’s something.
His bed smelled like amethyst. Like lavender and clean, the smell was pleasant but slightly unfamiliar. He walked into the hallway to see Alex and Amethyst walking inside, drenched and just after that Christophe greeting them both. 
“Well it’s only been about two hours,” Christophe said. 
“Yeah, it started pouring rain and we decided to come inside,” Amethyst said. 
“Ah, of course,” he said smoothly. He could feel himself begin to seethe watching Christophe. 
I need to relax, he thought. Then Alias caught the look in Christophe’s eyes and felt himself getting angry all over again. He had seen that look before too. For a moment he focused on the music still playing through his headphones. “Escape to the stars. Feeling so free, just you and me,” he listened and sang softly.
The look in Christophe’s eyes irritated the hell out of him. He knew what it meant and he knew that it worked always in Christophe’s favor. It means I know what I want. What I want is you, Alias thought. He knew his brother well. Christophe wasn’t a player and he was a good older brother but he also knew girls and he knew what girls saw in his brother. He cringed. He’s magnetic and usually girls get their hearts broken…well looks like she wont, he thought some more. That thought burned him but he wasn’t sure why, the only thing he was sure of was a truth he didn’t want to hear. Christophe always wins, that’s just how it is.
“Alias what’s wrong?” Alex asked. 
“Huh, nothing Alex, I was just thinking about something,”
 Alias responded. 
“Was it something or someone? You sure your okay bro?” Alex asked. 
“Nothing Alex, um how was training?” He asked changing the subject to something more important. 
“Fun, very damp however, she’s getting faster,” Alex said. 
“I’m gonna go change,” He said. As Alex left Alias still stood there, watching. He studied both of their expressions not caring about what was said.
Once back in his room his brain was in a tirade and he wasn’t prepared for it at all. I’m not this type of person. Usually so calm and collected…now was so dangerously angry? No that will cause a switch; he thought. Being an enraged half demon was not something he wanted to experience. He pulled his headphones from out his ears and grabbed the soccer ball from under his bed and headed toward the door. 
“Alex a spus-o lui ploua destul de tare,” Christophe said.
 “I know that, I don’t care,” Alias responded grabbing his raincoat. 
In the rain, on the grass soccer field, by himself. He didn’t care and the rain didn’t matter. The only thing he concentrated on was the soccer ball and the goal and not falling. 10 minutes later he kicked the ball into the goal with his eyes closed…or it should’ve been the goal until someone kicked the ball back at him. Opening his eyes he saw Christophe. “Du-te dracu’,” Alias mumbled and the words echoed in his head in English, Fuck you, He thought. Before he thought about it he had kicked the soccer ball flying toward Christophe’s head. Christophe caught it quickly. 
“Intra în interiorul înainte de a vă de rău,” Christophe said with a laugh.
 “How about you just let me suffer?” Alias asked with a slight smile.

When he got back in Alex and Amethyst were playing the Wii.
 “What happened to training?” Alias asked. 
“Why, you already know she’s super strong anyway” He said.
 “And she’s better at guilty gear than you two,” he said with a laugh.
“Really now?” Alias asked doubtingly. 
“Am apel viitoare!!!” Christophe yelled.
 “Nu! Eu sunt urmatorul!” Alias yelled right after.
“What did they just say?” Amethyst asked. 
“Their arguing over who’s next to fight you-you just killed me!!!” Alex yelled. “Rematch!!” Alex yelled. 
“No mine!” Christophe yelled pulling the wrist strap off Alex and remembering to speak English so Amethyst could understand him. 

“Ready?” she asked. 
“GO!!” he yelled. The battle was awesome and really close but in the end of it. 
“Annihilation!!!” Amethyst yelled.
 “Good game, Jewel,” Christophe said. 
“Yeah…good game,” she said with a smile. “Uh, hey you still want to play me?” She asked Alias. 
“Yeah!” he said. After a good eight rounds they both decided to call it a tie…for now. There was a knock on his door.
 “Come in,” he said. It was Amethyst. 
“It’s cool here so far,” she said. 
“I’m glad you think so,” Alias responded turning from the window.
 “You never told me that other part of why I’m here,” she said. 
“What other part?” Alias asked. 
“You said that I’m here to help with wars and reach potential and then you stopped talking and told me to go eat breakfast,” she said. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said at a monotone. 
“Don’t lie to me you liar, you’re a bad liar,” she said quickly.
“Temper, temper,” Alias said.
 “Fuck you, it doesn’t matter,” she said. “Oh yeah do you have like stalker vision?” She asked. 
“What the hell?” he asked. 
“You were staring at me for a while, with some weird look, what the hell?” She said. 
“I don’t know what you mean sorry,” he said. 
“Whatever,” she said. Alex was right, I do have a look…but why are mine always so…obvious, he thought. 
The rain had not let up yet so outdoor training was temporarily postponed as it seemed and that was fine. Everyone was having fun. Alias had calmed down some but there was still something wrong and he was still unsure what it was. He didn’t know who his problem was with and wasn’t sure what it was but he knew for sure he needed to deal with it before things got out of hand with his temper which he was usually good at controlling. Lunch was fun and amethyst still seemed amazed at all the food they had to eat. 
“Your chair Madame,” Christophe said smoothly as he politely pulled out Amethyst’s chair for her. 
“Thank you,” she said taking her seat. 
Lunch was full of laughter and once that was over Alias rushed to his room not from anger at someone but anger at himself for knowing the problem and knowing that there was absolutely nothing that he could do about it. He knew earlier but tried to avoid what he had seen coming. “I’m falling in love with her…” he said with his voice muffled by his pillow. “But Christophe always wins…why must I want what I can’t have?” He thought aloud. “This sucks,” he finished putting in his headphones, making sure to skip over any song related to love or any such mater.

Chapter 5
Talking upon deaf ears, does your throat hurt yet?
Alias left quickly, I wonder why? She thought. He’s been acting weird all day-. Her thought was cut off when she noticed Christophe staring at her. 
“Uh, what do you need Christophe?” She asked shyly. 
“Oh nothing, sorry…it’s rude of me to stare,” Christophe replied with a smirk. Stare if you want, she 
thought.
 “You seem concerned? About my brother I presume?” Christophe said.  
“Yeah, how did you know?” She asked. 
“He’s weird, that’s how, want to come with me and see what’s wrong with Alias?” Alex Interrupted.
 “Sure,” Amethyst responded.
“You forgot I was sitting there, didn’t you?” Alex asked laughing. 
“What, no…why did  you ask that?” Amethyst asked confused. Alex laughed again, 
“It never fails, me and Alias both have seen that look before”. Amethyst stared at him.
 “What is it with you two and some look that I haven’t seen. You both keep saying that.”
 She said. They were standing in front of Alias’s door when Alex mumbled with a smirk, 
“you are so taken”.
Knock, Knock, Alex knocked on the door. 
“Go away,” Alias yelled from inside.
 “Open up,” Alex said calmly. Alias didn’t answer. 

“What’s the matter?” Amethyst said through the door and then stood back as she heard the click of a lock and the door open.  
“Nothing’s wrong,” he said blowing some of his hair out his eyes. 
His face is flush…and he seems not angry, but…bothered? He’s radiating heat…to keep his reactions calm, but why? Amethyst thought as she looked at his expression. 
“Liar,” she said while keeping her tone light. “What’s wrong?” she asked again. 
“Um I don’t want to talk about it, not now at least,” he said while directing his gaze at the floor. “Later, then?” She asked with a smile.
 “Much later,” Alias mumbled. 
“I wouldn’t want to bother you-“she said turning away.
 “Never going to happen…you have immunity,” He said looking up at her to return the smile and then closing the door back, without the lock. 
Amethyst looked down at Alex who had a distressed look on his face now. 
“What is it, are you guys taking turns being in moods or something?” Amethyst said poking him in the side. Alex laughed, 
“No problems with me, just my brothers. Hey, no problems with you for now either…remember, you’re a superhero!!!!” He added while tickling her.
 “Hey no fair!!!” she said chasing Alex through the house. 
“Hey look it’s sunny outside!!!!” Alex yelled while still running and ran out the door in the direction of the park.
How did I- Alex!!!  She thought quickly realizing Alex was on the ground. 
“I’m sorry!!! I don’t know how I did that!!!” she yelled while helping up from off the grass. 
“THAT WAS PERFECT!!!” Alex yelled. 
“Lex, did you hit your head that hard? How was that perfect?” Amethyst asked staring at Alex with a confused expression. 
“You phased in front of me, that’s why I was running so fast,” Alex said. 
“What?” she asked. 
“I told you, you have powers you just don’t know how to use them. To get you to phase I guessed that if I ran fast enough you would figure you couldn’t out run me and focus on a speed ahead of mine to get in front of me automatically, it worked,” Alex explained. 
“So I thought about being in front of you while I was running and then disappeared and reappeared in front of you?” She said barely understanding her own sentence.
 “Exactly,” Alex said. “Can you do it again?” Alex asked moving further back from her. 
“Um, I think so,” she said as she closed her eyes. Focus...Focus, she thought as she felt a wave go through her and opened her eyes again. “Eep,” she said. She was standing dangerously close to Alex as opposed to how far away he had been.
 “Good we can work on this,” he said laughing. 
“What so funny?” she asked. “Eep,” He imitated and laughed some more and then ran. 
“Hey!!! Moving target!!!” she yelled.

When they got back to the house they were laughing and joking. 
“What’s new, you two?” Alias asked from the couch. 
“Go inside first, please?” Amethyst whispered to Alex. Alex walked in smiling. 
“It was so much fun!!! We played tag and-“Alias gave Alex an amused look.
 “I told you we were training her Alexander,” Alias said. 
“I did!!! I taught her how to phase!!!!” He said still excited. 
“Really? Prove it,” Alias said. 
Amethyst closed her eyes and felt a wave and then opened them and was behind the couch smiling. “Fine, one, two, three,” Alex counted. 
“CAN WE KEEP HIM!?!” Amethyst yelled.
 “AHHH!!!” Alias screamed. 
“Score!!!” Alex said and then he and Amethyst starting laughing.  
“Impressive,” Alias said with his face slightly red. 
“Hello, Can we keep him!?” Amethyst said impatiently. 
“Keep who?” Alias asked. Amethyst moved to in front of the couch so Alias could see the small black bunny rabbit in her arms. 
“Geliebt-Dämon,” Amethyst said. 
“What does that mean?” Alias asked. 
“Beloved Demon…” she said innocently. “It’s German,” she added. 
“You taught her how to phase…and bought her a bunny?” Alias asked confused. 
“No, she kept getting distracted by the bunny so she kept phasing to wherever the bunny moved instead of catching me,” Alex explained. 
 He’s so cute!!! How can he say no to a bunny!? The bunny likes me…aw he’s sleeping!!! She thought not hearing the conversation. 
“See what I mean, it’s that easy,” Alex said gesturing toward amethyst who was still staring intently at the rabbit. “It was either let her hold the bunny or…all focus is gone,” Alias laughed.
“Can I keep him please Alias…I’ll take care of him, look at him!!! How can you say no…” She asked while holding the sleeping bunny up to his face.
“You got my vote, but make sure it’s Okay with Christophe and then we can go and buy some stuff for the little guy,” Alias said laughing.
Amethyst phased to outside Christophe’s door so she got practice and because walking seemed far too slow. Phasing doesn’t seem to hurt him, she thought. She knocked on Christophe’s door impatiently. “Come in,” he yelled.
 This room is cool. It had black and red walls and a lot of band posters and a Ps3 and- she stopped. “You can phase now, good,” Christophe said from on his bed. 
“How did you know that?” Amethyst asked. 
“It’s one of my powers Amethyst,” he said. 
“Okay cool…I think,” she said blushing slightly. 
“Don’t worry I only hear certain thoughts, and never listen for more than I am welcome to hear…never intrusive,” Christophe said with a smile. 
“Whatever happened to that expression ‘never say never’?” Amethyst asked. 
“The same thing that happened to the cat, curiosity killed it,” he said with a laugh. 
“I remember that commercial!!!” She said excitedly. 
She felt a nudge in her hand and remember why she had come into his room to begin with. 
“I found a bunny and I was wondering…” she trailed off. 
“Aw how sweet!!!!” Christophe said as he got off his bed and reached out to pet the bunny. The bunny moved closer to Amethyst and Christophe laughed, “He likes you,” he said. 
“Yeah, and Alias said to make sure it was okay with you and I could keep him…” she said. 
“You sound like such a little kid,” Christophe laughed softly. 
“Oh,” she said blushing. 
“It’s adorable,” he added. Christophe stated at her for a second, still petting the bunny. “Would keeping him make you happy?” He asked. 
“Yes,” she responded anxiously. 
“Then I don’t see a reason why you can’t keep him,” he said smiling. 
“Yay!!!” she yelled while hugging Christophe with one arm. “Thank you!” she said. “Guess what Geliebt-Dämon, I get to keep you!!!”  she said before phasing into the living room.

Chapter 6:
Bunny ears and unavoidable feelings of jealousy

“He can stay!!! Let’s go get him stuff!!!!” Amethyst yelled. “You made it sound so difficult…he likes Dämon too!!!” she continued. 
“Yeah, and since the little fuzz ball makes you so happy I couldn’t possibly say no,” Christophe said walking into the living room.
I wish he wouldn’t do that, but I can’t change it, he thought with a glare directed at Christophe. “Okay let’s go then,” Alias said holding the door open for everyone.
 Alias wasn’t over the thought or over the truth that he had realized so recently, that was evident. However he did wish there was something more for him to think about. The way her hair falls, her shirt fits, they way her eyes seem to light up with such childlike wonder when she notices something or is entertained, He thought while walking. “Little kid,” Christophe said while messing with amethyst’s hair. 
“Hey, I’m a happy little kid if that counts for anything,” She said while catching his hand. 
“No, it doesn’t count for anything, it counts for everything,” He replied with a smile.
 Let it go, Alias thought impatiently. They all walked into the pet shop.“Look, bunny toys!!!” she said running over holding the bunny carefully. 
“Uh, hey superhero, don’t you think he needs a cage first?” Alex said laughing. They got the baby bunny a cage and snacks and an obscene amount of toys, as long as she’s happy, he thought.


And now it was dark out, dark enough to see the stars. 12:11 the clock flickered. Usually now he was the only one awake. Just listening to the quiet of the house while Alex slept and Christophe…did whatever. His parents gave Christophe no rules while in charge. He did good at that and there were never any problems in the house. In knowing that, he could go out wherever as long as he was home when Alex was awake, meaning around ten in the morning.  The house didn’t have its usual quiet. He heard scribbling, writing? Having super hearing does that sometimes. The writing stopped and it was quiet for a moment before soft singing started. 
He walked into Amethyst room after knocking softly on the door. 
“Uh hey Alias,” she said looking kind of confused.
 “You look comfortable,” he said. She had on baggy white candy heart pajama bottoms and a black tank top. 
“I am…do you need something?” she asked still looking confused. 
“Just wanted to see what was up. What wrong?” He asked.
 “Nothing it’s just I was writing a song and…it’s almost twelve thirty and I’m not the only one awake,” she said. 
“Sorry to bother you, one last question though…why are you up at midnight?” He asked. 
“Cause that’s when I can stay calm, midnight is for dreamers. Why are you awake?” She asked. “I…don’t…know” he said as he closed the door and walked back to his room.
He fell back on his bed, pulling his t-shirt and jeans off.
 “Ugh, tired,” he said to himself. He wriggled under the blankets. He heard his phone vibrate on the table next to him. 
“Uh…hello?” he said sleepily. He barely registered the voice, It’s mom, she must have forgotten the time difference, he thought with a yawn.
 “Mami, e douasprezece in dimineata,” he said while glancing at the clock. 
“Imi pare rau!!! Se culce!!! Dumneavoastra spuneti fratilor buna ziua!!!” She yelled. 
“Ok, noapte buna,” he said as he hung up. Gotta remember to tell them mom called,” he thought as he fell asleep.
“So don’t let go, oh. Don’t let go, no. Don’t let go,” he heard the music playing and singing from Amethyst’s room. It was eleven thirty in the morning. He walked into the hallway before realizing he was in his underwear and went back in his room. He pulled on his jeans and walked back out. “Morning, bro,” Alex said laughing. 
“What’s so funny?” Alias asked. 
“Roar!!!” he heard before he was tackled.  
“Hey!!!” he said flipping Amethyst so she was pinned. 
“Wha- how did you do that!!!?” she asked surprised. 
“Ha, that’s lesson two, how to fight,” Alias said smugly. 
“But I know how to fight,” she said. 
“Not with full strength you don’t” He challenged.  
“I’ll take your word for it,” she said while sliding from underneath him and walking toward the bunny’s cage. 
 “Morning Geliebt-Dämon,” she said cheerfully. He watched as she put hay and fresh water into his cage. 
“You can’t catch me!!!” Alex said tauntingly and then took off running. 
“Prove it!!” she yelled as she closed Geliebt-Dämon’s cage and ran after him.
Walking into the kitchen he ate his breakfast and then pulled on a clean shirt. 
“We can train now?” Amethyst said from the kitchen doorway. 
“You want to train?” Alias asked.
 “Well yeah, yesterday was fun and beating you should be even more fun,” Amethyst said with a smirk. 
“You shouldn’t be so sure of yourself, chick,” Alias replied. Amethyst stood there for a moment, 
“funny, I was going to tell you the same thing.” She left the kitchen and went back outside. Now she has on a Charlie the unicorn t-shirt, he noticed.
“Okay wonder woman, try and fight me. Use the powers if you can,” Alias said tauntingly. They were in the park “I’ll go easy on you,” he said. Amethyst disappeared. She must think I’m stupid, I know she’s going to appear behind me, Alias thought. He braced for the impact and then…nothing? He turned around, she wasn’t there. Looking around everywhere-Whoosh!!! “Ouch!!! Where the hell?” He said trying to get up. 
“I phased into a tree and waited until you didn’t expect it, and now you’re pinned,” she said with a laugh. She was right…he was pinned, this was awkward. 
“Rematch?” He asked.
 “Sure,” she said. The power works through her so naturally, she is a born demon…and a most angelic one at that, he thought while getting up. 
“This time, no phasing because you’re good at that,” Alias said. 
“Whatever Chicken-boy,” she said. Alias jumped into the air and wings sprouted from his back. He had her in a hold, in the air, not tightly but enough that was good for lessons. I don’t know the way to teach her without hurting her. I just hope that...should anything happen she can know what to do and the things she is capable of, he thought. Spikes…his hands….his arms and the longer he kept that grip the more intense the pain was. Then it was like a jolt, electrocution that shot through him that got him to let go and then…she didn’t fly. She landed gracefully and if confused him looking down on how high up they were. Above the trees, a true mystery she was. 
“You okay? You look sort of dazed out,” Amethyst asked.
 “I’m fine…how do you do that?” Alias asked. 
“I think about the person whose trapping me and think about what I want to do and the more I concentrate the more powerful it is,” she said plainly. 
“Hey alias, this is cool and we can do this later but…I want to play soccer so can I go?” She asked. 
“Yeah, me and Alias against you and Alex!!!” Christophe yelled throwing the soccer ball on to the field.
 “Christophe!!!!” She yelled
 “You are so dead, right Lex?!!” Amethyst yelled.
 “You guys are beyond buried!” Alex said in agreement.
 “Only one thing left to do then, huh Christophe?” Alias asked tauntingly.
 “Yeah, game on!!!” he said kicking the soccer ball. This will be awesome, Alias thought

Chapter 7:
If blue is for nightmares, what’s purple?

Soccer games over, Christophe team won and I’m still outside, she thought. Nothing was wrong, it was a nice day but then why did she feel like something was soon to happen. I’m being paranoid, she thought. But the feeling wouldn’t shake from her. She walked along the building through the streets. It was silly, she was being stupid. She wondered around for a moment before noticing there was a little kid that seemed to be following her. Every corner she had turned for the past ten minutes the child had been there. She walked toward the little girl that looked about four with curly blonde hair that covered her eyes. “Are you lost?” she said to the child. The girl moved her hair out of her face to reveal freckles and a wide smile and eyes the flashed from…bright green to dark red once exposed fully to the sun. She said something in Romanian and then waved goodbye and ran away. “What was wrong with her eyes? At least she was happy though,” She said while turning back to go to the house.
“We were just about to go looking for you,” Alex said. “And I’m certain that Dämon thinks the same,” He said putting the bunny on his head. 
“Aw, he likes you Alex!!!” She said happily. 
“Yeah but he hates me,” Christophe said jokingly. 
“That’s okay, I don’t hate you. Is that a good compromise?” She said softly.
“A very good compromise, you are adorable,” He said smoothly.
 Such a flirt…ha ha, she thought. If he thinks I’m adorable he would love to know what I think about him…super sexy demon boy. “What are you thinking about?” Alex said. 
“Uh, nothing now…let’s play Mario Kart!!!” She said quickly. 
“Cool, I’ll set it up,” Alex responded as Amethyst went to go put Geliebt-Dämon back into his cage and feed him some food.
Hotness, a sexy demon boy that makes me think of hotness, she thought. I don’t act right it’s like… he as a force field…he’s dangerous. He looks dangerous and talks dangerous but I’ve never been the type to fear danger. Always the challenger…competitor, why should this be any different? He seems to like me as well. But how do I go about it? I can’t just randomly blurt out ‘I like you’. That so childish and he is sixteen, I want to act fourteen like I am, not four. “I’m thinking too hard,” she said aloud. Putting the rabbit in his cage so he could eat. “What would you do Dämon?” She asked the little bunny jokingly as she put a piece of carrot in his food bowl for a treat. The bunny wrinkled it’s nose adorably and looked up at her innocently after nibbling at the carrot bit. “You don’t care do you?” she asked laughing. “You’re just thinking, “Take me with you!!!” she said with a smile. “Sorry cutie, I have to go kick Alex’s butt at Mario Kart before I play with you some more,” she said closing the door to the cage and leaving the room.
“Okay let play!!!” she said walking back to the living room. She started playing the game and was in 2nd place at the moment before feeling eyes burning into the back of his neck. 
“Alias, dude, stare at the screen,” she said before getting into first place. 
“How did you know it was…” his voice trailed off.
“That’s how I met you dude, chill out with the X-ray eyes would you?” she said right before winning the game. “Yeah!!! Got you Alex!!!” she yelled. 
“Rematch!!!”  He yelled back. 
“You got it Lex, pick the place,” she said as she watched him pick the next location.

Dear Journal,
I don’t know what to think… like being here and I really shouldn’t and didn’t expect to.
Like I’m in a cool house with my own room and its awesome and everything, it’s so pretty
here. I’m live here with like three boys, Alex who’s 11, Alias he’s my age, 14 and the
undoubtedly…uh never mind =D. But yeah theirs also Christophe, he’s sixteen. He
looks like a living daydream. Which reminds me the three of them are fallen angels
and evidently I’m half demon. It used to sound like bad news but it’s actually really
cool. I think that Alias thinks that I’m weak. I just hope he doesn’t make me mad.
I know what happens when I get really mad. That’s how I got expelled from my first
middle school…he doesn’t know as much as he assumes. I HATE THAT!!! He acts
like he knows absolutely fucking everything…well he’ll see one day. Oh yeah I saw
adorable little girl today but I don’t know what she was saying. PS: I got a bunny!!!
He’s hardcore adorable!!!

Amethyst Lyell Alexander 

It was getting later now. She had not noticed it before, how long they played soccer. How long she trained and played the wii and how much time she had spent thinking before and after writing the journal entry. Looking up at the clock she knew that the boys were probably making dinner. She decided to go and help. She walked down the steps and into the kitchen and saw they were almost done with dinner. 
“Okay, since you guys did this…I want to make dessert!” she said happily. 
“You mean sugar shock?” Alex asked jokingly. 
“But of course!!!” She said. 
“Awesome!!!” All three boys said in unison. 
“Oh yeah, this should be fun!!!” she said. She looked in the freezer and all around the kitchen and saw they had what she needed already. 
they ate and talked about…everything that happened today. 
“So how was your walk today after the soccer game?” Alias asked. 
“It was good, I talked to this little girl today while I was coming back…well she talked to me because I don’t understand Romanian,” she said with a laugh. 
“Aw, you don’t understand anyone here,” Christophe said. 
“Uh…” She said feeling her cheeks turn red and instantly tried to hide it. 
“How adorable, do you know what she said like, repeat it?” He asked. 
“Uh fata de demon…I forget the rest but she was smiling and then ran away,” she said. They all continued to eat and then Amethyst looked out the window. 
“I’ll be back,” she said. And got up and ran outside.
She ran to the park and phased up into a tree. The sunset from up here is absolutely beautiful, she thought. The colors of sunset, the reds the yellows, oranges and purples. Like spectacular finger-paint. It’s like a movie scene, so romantic like it’s just the way a fairytale ends. “And then the prince and princess run off into the sunset and they all lived happily ever after,” she said out loud with a laugh. She could imagine the whole scene and wanted to stay there, until the stars came up.
“Are you enjoying this sight as well?” A voice said from behind her. She shifted her weight enough to see that it was Christophe flying behind her…and that his t-shirt was on the ground. 
“Um, which sight?” she said too quickly before she could realize that she had said it. 
“Uh, sorry I should…leave” she said unable to stop the blush that was taking over as she was about to phase down from the tree. 
“Stop that please,” his hand was on her shoulder. “You keep trying to hide or run every time your- never mind,” he said softly. She turned around and was slightly confused. Christophe was in her place, blushing and trying to cover it up. 
“You going to finish your sentence?” she said quietly as well. 
“Um…sit under the tree with me, if you don’t mind?” he asked as he landed on the ground, retracted his wings and sat.
“Okay, hi,” she said. The sight was serene; the sunset colors still in the sky and not much time had passed. It almost seemed as if it had stopped. 
“Can I ask you a question?” Christophe asked. 
“Sure, why not?” She responded.
 “If I told you a secret would you keep it? And understand what it means?” He asked. “Will the secret be in English?” She asked. 
“It’s kind of universal…” he said hesitantly. 
“Ok then, I promise,” she said with a laugh. 
“Don’t laugh…okay?” he said sounding shy. 
“Okay,” she said moving in close to hear the secret that he was making such a big deal out of. Hr reached and turned her face to his and they kissed. Oh my god, she thought. And once it was over and they had both realized what they had done they stayed that way, cuddled underneath the tree. The sun had finally gone down, sunsets were for kisses.

Chapter 8:
Talking In Whispers? Now what have I missed

“Don’t you wonder where they went?” Alex asked. Of course I wonder, where could they have gone? Alias thought. 
“No, I’m sure Christophe went out took look for her, she must’ve gotten lost or something,” He said calmly, trying to keep the concern from his voice. 
“Yeah I guess that your right, I’m tired, I’m going to go to bed,” Alex said getting up. 
“Um alright, me too, good night Lex,” he responded.
He walked up into his room looking out the window. The sun was gone and it was dark. “Where the hell are they!?” He was yelling. He didn’t like this. This feeling of knowing the Amethyst was out there possibly by herself or the idea of Christophe….It was too much. He pulled out his I-pod and started the song “Dance Floor Anthem” By: Good Charlotte. “Everybody, throw up your hands. Say I don’t wanna be in love, I don’t wanna be in love. Feel the beat now; don’t be afraid to get down say I don’t wanna be in love, I don’t wanna be in love-“He sang along with the music, falling asleep. 
“You like Good Charlotte? Shocker,” A voice chimed in, Amethyst. He looked up slowly at her,
 “where were you?” He asked dazed. 
“I was outside climbing trees and watching the sunset. I forgot about dessert though,” She said smiling. 
“It’s all good but where was Christophe at?” He asked with a yawn. She giggled and then shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly, 
“Don’t know dude, didn’t even know he left,” she said. 
“But you laughed, why?” He asked sounding slightly more awake. 
“I’m being stupid, I can’t have a moment?” She said. 
“I uh guess so, later Amethyst,” he said placing his head back on the pillow barely hearing her exit. Twenty minutes later, Christophe walked upstairs and instantly got Alias’s attention with a whisper so quiet his super sensitive ears barely even heard it, 
“I went to candy-fucking-mountain…and I didn’t even lose a kidney”.
“Christophe…are you….fucking high?” Alias said not fully opening his eyes of even sure if he was conscious. 
“What?” Christophe asked sounding very close to laughter. 
“I said, are you high. ‘Cause you just walked in here talking about Candy Mountain,” Alias said slurred with his face against the pillow.  
“Uh yeah little bro, high as fuck,” he said laughing. Alias opened his eyes to study his brother expression. 
“Nah you’re not, I just remembered, you’re Straight-edge,” Alias responded. 
“If you know that, then why ask?” Christophe pointed out. 
“Cause common sense and Candy Mountain don’t cross paths,” he said staring at his brother. 
“Okay, later,” he said quickly. Alias noticed that Christophe had a little bit of glitter on his lips and reluctantly remembered Amethyst’s Charlie the unicorn t-shirt. It said “let’s go to Candy Mountain”. 
“Fuck me sideways, you’re not fucking serious!!!” He yelled into the pillows. It can’t be, she wouldn’t I warned her and said that and…he isn’t going to win this time…It can’t happen. He got up and walked into Amethyst’s room. I just wanted to sleep, he thought.
“Have you not heard anything I’ve told you?!” He said loudly as he pushed the door open. 
“Have you not heard of knocking? What’re you yelling about anyways, weren’t you sleep?” She said looking up from her book while lying on her bed in boxers and a tank top. 
“Why is my older brother wearing your lip gloss?!” He yelled. 
She laughed, 
“uh dude, I think that’s a loaded question…maybe he’s playing dress up?” He stepped back a bit, confused, 
“why did he come home talking about him going to Candy Mountain?” He asked. 
“Fuck if I know, he could’ve been stoned or daydreaming, why are you asking me shit about your brother, I’ll be damned if you didn’t wake up Alex with you yelling,” she said dismissively. 
“What’s wrong with me is that he-shit…I’m sorry…I-”. He closed the door and left.  What’s wrong with me is he has you. Even if you won’t say it…it happened and I can’t deal with it. 

Midnight again, it seem that no matter how it’s sliced or pointed out everything is going wrong or strange or just corrupt. Yes, she’s learning and half demon goes to my school, gets along here has her own life and her own friends…she has to love Christophe, figures. Alex can see it and he is a child. I am fourteen and he is sixteen but I fail to see what is so much better about him. He is a troublemaker and I guess that that’s it…but I am not “Cute little brother anymore” because now that I know what it feels like…it’s time for things to change…especially with what is soon to happen.
He couldn’t ignore the way they looked at each other the next morning. Maybe it was always there and he just noticed it because Alex seemed oblivious. He couldn’t understand why he had this feeling that something bad was going to happen. Something that none of them were fully prepared for. He couldn’t explain why though nothing much had happened to them ever since he and his brother had been placed back on earth.  I should ask Christophe and Alex if they think something is going to happen soon…I mean it can’t be just me, can it?
After breakfast everyone knew how it went now. Get dressed for training. He saw how strong they all were. Amethyst learned how to fly now. That should come in handy, and shes having fun here…it’s all good, he thought. “Can we play soccer now?” She asked impatiently. 
“We’ve been out here for like three hours; can we do something else now?” She stated. 
“It’s just that I want to know for sure that in case anything happens that were all prepared for it and able to fight…and there’s still things you can’t do yet,” Alias said. 
“Well there’s going to be things I don’t know…It’s only been a few days and I can do a lot of things that you can’t, Im not weak so don’t treat me like it. “Now anyways I can prove it to you later but right now…we play!!! Pick teams!!!” she yelled excitedly.
They played and trained some more. They were all in the living room again and Alias was  playing Mario kart with Alex.
 “I’m going to win!!!” Alex yelled. 
“Quit talking and drive, little boy,” he said jokingly. Then the was a crash sound as a…rock flew through the window. “What the hell?” Amethyst said while picking up the rock that had words etched onto it. It said, we will get all of you, no, matter what. Alias had been right; things were soon to happen, and from the looks of it, very soon.

Chapter 9:
I stumble, stutter, trip on words…and welcome to the breakdown

Three days later…
“But everything’s fine, don’t cry,” Christophe said compassionately, sitting on the foot of her bed listening to her crying through the pillow. 
“D-don’t l-lie,” she forced out in between the tears. She looked up at him slightly and then felt even worse. He’s being so fucking sweet and I’m here crying and- fuck. She couldn’t complete the thought. 
“You didn’t do anything wrong he’s just frustrated with everything,” He said softly. 
“Can you leave please?” She said in a voice just above a whisper. He hugged her and then left wordlessly. Amethyst hated crying as it was pointless and it didn’t make you feel better at all, just empty. And she wouldn’t have been crying in front of Christophe as she had the door locked, however he phased in because he was worried. Crying, it was a sign of weakness she would rather not have at all. She reached her arm out for her journal. 

Dear Journal,
it’s my entire fault and Alias is right…I’m a problem child. “I got here and made
everything a fucking mess. Now there are some psychotic people trying to kill them and me
he blew up at me and I don’t even know what I did. Like I didn’t do anything weird with 
Christophe Around him or Alex, we’ve been neutral then. But he like bit my head off and 
called me a nightmare and destroyed my feelings and, I want to go home. I never asked to
 be kidnapped anyway so if Alias hates me so fucking much he can take me back home. If 
I’m not wanted then fine I’m gonna go back to MY life with MY friends and He can stay a
fallen angel/asshole for the rest of eternity. PS: Christophe is soooo sexy and such a
good kisser!!! Hahaha, I’ll take him with me when I leave, Alex too.

Amethyst Lyell Alexander

She stopped crying now but stayed in her room for another hour until he heard distinctive voice, Christophe. He was screaming at…Alias. She didn’t know what was being said at all because it was all being yelled in Romanian.  She walked out to the staircase to watch what was happening downstairs. They didn’t know she was watching but evidently whatever was being said was out of line because Alex flew in and tried to block the punch the Christophe threw that knocked Alias across the living room and straight on his ass. Alex said something quickly still in Romanian that sounded like it was along the lines of “What the fuck” and looked at Alias on his back with a confused look and not moving to help him up. And then they all looked up at her.
Alex looked at his brothers and then back at her and then flew over to where she was at. Christophe and Alias said something in unison and Alex being considerate or the language barrier spoke English. “Because you two will end up being one sided, if I’m old enough to deal with it, she can too, stupid,” he said. 
“Are you going to tell everything now?” Alias asked rubbing at the already forming bruise on his abdomen. 
“Nope, I’m going to baseline the important stuff now because we don’t know everything either,” Alex said dismissively.  

“Come with me Madame Superhero,” he said smiling.
They walked into his bedroom, a monument to the skateboarder if there ever was one, she thought.
 “Your favorite skater, Nyjah Huston?” She asked examining the walls.  
“Yeah, he’s really good,” Alex said. “Okay well I know usually when I talk to you it’s to help us both escape my irritating older brothers, but this time you have to know ‘cause well…were all in danger,” Alex said sounding very young for an eleven year old boy. 
“Danger of what, Lex?” She asked quickly. 
“Kay, uh the little girl you met a few days ago, blonde hair and about four with red eyes?” He asked nervously. 
“That sounds about right, why?” She asked. She looked at Alex who seemed to shell shocked to speak. Shit! No don’t cry! She thought while reaching out to hug him. “No! What’s the matter?” She said. 
“It’s her little sister…” He whispered. 
“What is it?” she said quietly. 
“She got taken by them and it’s my fault…” He said. Alex up and walked around his room. “Leah was her older sister…and we….it should’ve been me instead,” Alex said as he walked out the room.
Amethyst was back in her room and unsure of what was going on at all. Christophe punched Alias across the room, Alias turned into “Mr. bipolar” and Alex was in a clouded memory.   And now no one is talking and everyone in the whole house is in various states of mental chaos, she thought. Who was Leah and what did they do that got Alex so upset? What should’ve been him? What could’ve possibly happened that was so bad that it’s broken everybody down in an instant? I never thought that one rock thought the window could be so much. Or that I could miss so much in so few instants. Whatever it is, when I need to know then I will. But until then I guess that I should leave it alone and let it be.
“Can I come in?” she could hear Christophe from outside the door. 
“Yeah,” she responded quickly as Christophe phased in. 
“Hey Jewel,” he said calmly. 
“There’s too much stuff going on today for you?” he asked. 
“Me and everyone else,” she sighed. 
“True enough,” he said with a smile noticing that Geliebt-Dämon was on her bed. 
“What do you need?” He asked. 
“What? Nothing, you came in here remember?” she asked. 
“Yeah I know but you needed something anyways, what is it?” She looked at him for a minute, “What did you guys do that was so bad? What was Alex talking about?” Christophe stared at her, 
“I will tell you when Alexander and Alias are ready to talk about it as well, Jewel” then kissed her and left with a wave. Only his sexy ass can get away with that, thought said smiling. Stupid sixteen year old hotness, it always wins. She laid back on her bed and turned up the song playing on her I-pod dock, “Thrash Unreal” by Against me.
Two hours had passed, dinner had been eaten and now, evidently discussions were about to be happening as everyone was on the first floor in the living room for once not playing video games. “Okay we know that you’re kind of in the dark about everything,” Alex started. 
“So to baseline this I’m going to rapid fire you on it,” Christophe said. As he did this Amethyst learned about how there was a gang of head demons (they were demons, they took their fallen angel chance, turned evil and can’t die) and that they were hell-bent on killing Alias, Christophe, Alex their parents, and now keeping her to join them because she seemed the most powerful of the children.
 “Whoa, okay but who is Leah?” she said quietly.
 Alex cringed, “Uh Leah is…well was my best friend until she was almost taken by the gang of demons but in trying to protect her I killed her and died myself…so since Leah died because me the drafted her little four year old sister, Kristen to be trained to be a demon spawn, it should’ve been me” Alex said. 
“So we’re all screwed,” Alias said.

Chapter 10:
And even though you can’t see it, I’ll be damned if it doesn’t hurt

The first thing that I had said out loud and in English all day that wasn’t an outright assault, he thought as he phased up to his room. I never should have said that, any of that but I did and as sorry as I am I know that I’ll probably never get around to saying it. He could see the mix of emotions on the faces that were around him before he left the living room. Amethyst looked hurt, afraid and angry. Christophe looked mad at him. Alexander…had a knowing glance and look of pain at the memory and realization of it; he knew that nobody had anything to say anymore. I’m sorry, he thought.
“I remember Leah…she and Alex were inseparable,” He said once in his room. He thought back on the day. I’ve been an asshole, all day and everyone noticed it. Everyone knows that and doesn’t know why. All hell is breaking loose. Is this what we have to do? To go to heaven or be human again or whatever? Is this our test? He thought up until his door opened, well if it is, this fucking sucks…is it even worth it? 
“What’s the matter?” He asked as Amethyst came in and sat on his bed. She said nothing for a moment. She can’t just sit there like that and expect me not to do anything, right? He thought. “You didn’t come in here not to talk to me, I’m certain?” He asked while sitting up. 
“Were all screwed…and It’s all my fault, If not for me being here that kid wouldn’t have seen me and plotted out to get you and then you guys would all be safe and I would be home in New York with my friends,” she said quickly. 
“They would have found us anyways, my father and mother lead fallen angels who want to fix what they have done wrong and the people that use they fallen angel tag to be demons…are against my parents. The bad guys are the ones who took Kristen,” he said. 
“So wait, Leah got killed when Alex was human?” She asked. 
“Yes, we all were, including Leah but all the bad guys knew was their potential demon spawn died and the next best thing was Kristen.”
“Oh my god, poor Alex,” she said. 
“I’ll never forgive myself for that…as far as I’m concerned that’s the reason I’m here…or one reason anyway,” Alex said, appeared through the doorway.
 Alex is probably right, that probably is one reason…but why? His heart was in the right place and his morale was intact. He made a mistake…a big mistake but still, should it still be at this price?  Alias thought solemnly. Even though he had been an absolute ass today, Alex was still his little brother. If I had to go through this shit twice as long, I would if it would make Alex back into the little brother I knew before this happened.
This can’t be it? What are we supposed to do, this makes no sense. Our task can’t possibly be to kill Kristen, can it? Is it to get her makers? Is it to save her, this is loaded but what the hell are we to do? Then he remembered Amethyst and Alex we still in his room. “Alex what are we doing?” he said glancing in the direction of his brother. 
“What? I’m pretty sure we were talking before you stopped,” he pointed out as Amethyst messed with her hair. 
“Alex…where’s Christophe?” He asked hesitantly. 
“The living room, I think,” He said absently. “Come with me,” Alias said yanking Alex’s arm hard enough to where it looked like it’d be pulled out the socket. 
“OUCH!!! WHAT IS IT!!!?” Alex yelled.
Christophe was sitting on the couch making something, an origami flower it seemed. Alias didn’t have the time to be pissed off about who he was most likely making it for but he did go out of his way to knock it out of his hand as he shoved Alex into a seat and sat down.
 “Christophe I know what they want but just a thought,” Alias started quickly. 
“Procced,” He said calmly

Chapter 11:
So now my life’s a story book but shall I take a second look?

School, it was back to school after the break which seemed much
longer than a week for so much had happened in such a short time.
 Back to miserable math classes but on the bright side a week was
 the end of February, the 28th is  my birthday. And my boyfriend 
now went to my school as well as Alias. Back to…safety. But at
 the moment that was still in store for tomorrow. Should I still be
scared about the whole crazy demon thing, cause I am. Maybe
I should shake it off or something. But now Im back home in the
City. It’s like eleven thirty so I should get off the computer and
Stop writing I should talk to Alias and them. My mom asked how 
Was my week and said that I missed a whole bunch of calls from
Kitty but I’m not calling because I’ll see them tomorrow. I really
Should get to bed and let my beloved bunny sleep because he looks
Royally pissed at being awake this late, but he’s not nipping me
So-

 “Christophe!!!” she squeaked as she opened the window to let him in. Should I ask him now or later?  She thought. 
You squeaked” he laughed. 
“You flew in my window!” she said excitedly. 
“Relax, my Jewel. It is dark, your mother is sleeping and- whoa!” He lost his balance and fell on the bed. “and what?” she said confused. 
“You-uh…clothes” Christophe said in a jumble. That’s the first time he’s stuttered on anything, so cute, wait…clothes-oh! She thought remembering all she was wearing was a tight-ish tank top and underwear as she lay on her bed playing with Geliebt-Dämon. 
“Sorry!” she said as she pulled on shorts feeling her face turn about seven shades of red.
“My fault for not…knocking but you tempt me, kid,” he said tauntingly.
 “Do I?” she joked back relaxing some. 
“and don’t call me kid, I’m almost fifteen for your information,” she said. 
“And in July I’ll be seventeen, so what were you doing before I flew in?” He asked glancing toward the purple and black laptop. 
“Oh nothing, finding new music for my never-ending playlist,” she said flipping it closed with a yawn. He has eyes like Alias, the hazel with the specks of green but his are more special, specks of…green, gold and…amber, how beautiful, she thought. 
“Okay Jewel, I just came by to tell you to be careful,” he said seriously as he got up and kissed her hand. “That’s all?” she said pleasantly as her eyes fluttered closed beginning to welcome sleep. 
“No, and for this,” he said as she started to open her eyes and gave her this death defying kiss. “Night, Amethyst,” he said as he left back through the window of her room on the sixth floor with shy smile

Stupid, sexy, boy, she thought breathlessly as she opened her eyes. Now I can’t sleep, she smiled flipping her laptop back open even though technically school was later today. It was then she remembered that he had told her to be careful. But he hadn’t told her of what.
“Hey kiddo, suns up time for school,” her mom yelled through the door. 
“Ugh…I’m up” she mumbled back as she rolled out of bed looking at the twenty or so posters on her white walls. She pulled on a plain white shirt and black jeans and yanked her hoody out the closet and pulled her hair into a ponytail. Pouring a bowl of smores cereal and milk into a bowl and ate as her mom questioning her on her week at sunny’s house. A week with my best friend, her little brothers and her little sister. That’s not a sleepover that’s a week long migraine, she thought while she nodded at her mother while she ate.
 “You’re going to be late its 7:30,” Her mom said. 
“Okay,” she said eating her last spoonful of cereal. Her sneakers were by the door along with her book bag. “Later mom,” she said with a yawn. 
Ugh Romania felt way too much like summer for me to be back in the city already, and school no less, she thought. “Hey moonlight!” Amethyst heard a voice from down the street; she had forgotten she was at the bus stop. 
“Hey sunny, what up?” she asked noticing that her brothers were nowhere to be seen. 
“Where be the runts?” she said informally. 
“Oh, walking by alone for once. I haven’t heard from you in a week!!! What happened!!!” she yelled. Shit, what do I say? I found out I was half demon, got kidnapped by three boys and might be getting us all killed?  She thought. 
“Sorry, I was uh hanging out with my new boyfriend,” she said unintentionally. 
“Your new what!? Since when? Who is he?” she said in a blur that was way too fast for 7-ish on Monday morning.
 “My boyfriend, uh since like Wednesday, Christophe,” she said back as she pulled out her metro card to hop on the bus. They talked and laughed the whole bus ride to school.
“So when can I meet him, since he goes here?” Sunny asked. 
“Uh,” Amethyst said as she shook out her long-ish brown and blonde hair, “now” she answered. Christophe walked up with that interstellar smile. Damn, I can never get used to that, she thought. 
“My Jewel and her…best friend I assume” Christophe says calmly. Amethyst glanced over at sunny, who had the cheesiest smile ever until, 
“Oh my god,” Sunny said.
 “Uh I think you got her kind of…star-struck,” Amethyst giggled. 
“Oh, deepest apologies uh, sorry I don’t know your name. However I’m Christophe,” he said in his far too adorable Romanian accent.
 “Oh you can call me sunny, nice to meet you,” she said. 
“You as well, catch you later Jewel,” he said as he softly kissed her cheek and ran off to get his schedule.
 “Where did you get him!?!” Sunny yelled once Christophe was out of earshot. 
“He’s Alias’s older brother,” Amethyst replied with a smile as they walked inside
Third period algebra, she and Alias were passing notes back and forth that were mainly about nothing…or they started out that way anyhow.

Hey, did my brother tell you yet?
Stop being cryptic Alias, did Christophe tell me what?
You know if Christophe cared about you he would have told you before now.
Told me what Alias?
That the dudes that through the rock through the window is coming for you
…I knew that much…they saw me
And that what the little girl said was similar to “you’re the new one, the strongest weapon or threat”
Um okay but why do I need to know that?
He really has you love drunk, doesn’t he?
What the hell are you talking about?
Think about it Amethyst, You can be used as a shield to ward off whatever they’re going to do when they come. He using you as a shield you’re just a pawn in Christophe’s little game.
…
I mean, why else would he go out with you so quick?

And all it took was that and even though class wasn’t over, the teacher was yelling and she’d probably get in trouble, Algebra class was over for her. She grabbed her books and opened the classroom door, “Fuck you, Alias,” and then left. Of all the mean things to say, he had to say that?  She thought. Just when I thought he might be a semi decent person he tries to…no way. It can’t be like that, can it? Christophe wouldn’t do that but….Her thought trailed off. As much as she didn’t want to stay at school, she had to talk to Christophe, soon.

Chapter 12:
These Are Just the Games We Play

Three days later…
Christophe hasn’t been home since Monday. Alias thought. I know that I probably shouldn’t worry, mom isn’t and Alex isn’t. He thought through gym class. “Alias, where’s Christophe?” she asked. They had been on pretty even terms recently and treating each other like decent human beings but she was off too. 
“I-I don’t know,” He said not intending on sounding as nervous as he did. 
“Wait? So it’s not just me…he just vanished?” Amethyst said sounding confused. 
“Yeah but he didn’t tell anyone he was leaving or where…the last person he talked to was you, what did he say?” Alias asked. 
She blushed, “Uh definitely nothing about leaving”.
Great now I really have no clue, mom isn’t worried ‘cause Christophe’s just him. He leaves and adventures for a day or so but he always warns us. He thought. 
“Relax Ali, your brother just forgot, it’s happened before,” he could hear his mother’s voice echo in his head. But although as sweet as his mother was, she was absentminded at best and ever optimistic. “But there’s something different this time, he didn’t just forget….something happened to him” he remembered some more. 
“Don’t be silly Ali, but then that’s just you, so protective over everyone you come into contact with, sweet boy you are Alias, If only you could trust a bit,” She would say right before ruffling his hair.

“I don’t like this school,” Alex said when he ran to meet him after final bell. 
“Why is that?” Alias said with a laugh. 
“Why do I have to wear this stupid uniform? And why are the eighth graders bigger than the juniors in your school? And why am I getting picked on and flirted with nonstop?” Alex said in one breath. 
“Cause your in middle school, they probably got left back, cause you’re the new foreign kid,” Alias said with a laugh. “And as for the flirting, I don’t know I guess American girls like the accent, but as for your face…they’re all blind,” Alias joked.
 “Hey, you’re not so pretty either!” Alex yelled as they walked toward the bus stop. He felt his phone vibrate in his pocket…Christophe
        
Watch out for yourself, Alexander and Amethyst
Christophe where r u?
Romania
What!!! U got, how, when and why?
Uh three days ago…got kidnapped, u know y
Get outta there? how are you texting me?
Cant…found my phone…you guys are nxt be careful
What?
Alias.Their getting revenge, the ones broke our window, The ones that took Leah. They want us all.
Just, where are u and how can I get there?
I DON’T KNOW!!! I got kidnapped, I was sleep and then I woke up being strangled
What do I need to do for now.
Keep Alexander safe. The safest of the three of you is you Alias. They want Alex cause of leah and Jewel cause even if we haven’t seen it, she’s lethal
I’ll do what I can, are you okay?
I-I’m bleeding from my shoulder blades…kind of a lot
I can find you!!! Is that your definition of okay!!? Bleeding to death?!
If you come toward me it leads them to you. Which leaves you, Jewel and Alex unprotected targets
But Christophe…
You don’t get it Alias. Id rather die then have my little brothers and my girlfriend die cause of me. So what if they tried to cut off my wings, your still my baby brother.
Should I tell mom and dad?
No, I can handle this. Look Alias, theyre going to get the three of you sometime this week but I just wanted you all to be prepared for it, okay?
Uh huh
I got to go before the guards wake back up cause it nighttime here, okay? Goodnight
Night 
“What happened to Christophe?” Alex asked automatically. Alias nearly threw the phone at Alex’s head.  What is it with this year? I was just getting used to school and the awkward love hate triangle thing and this has to happen? My brother is bleeding from his back and I can’t help, even though he hasn’t said it, all the people that we all care about are most likely in very, very imminent danger. He thought. He almost forgot that Alex was there until his Lucid and at that moment very innocent looking eyes met with Alias’s amber and green eyes as he said, 
“Were gonna die…because of me aren’t we? I just blew it, even on our second chance didn’t I?”
Never that, never ever, not going to happen, Alias thought. Not your fault. What you were doing on any system of moral was the right thing to do. No matter what epic degree of hell it seems like we’re coping with at any given time, Alexander. It isn’t your fault. He thought. He couldn’t understand why exactly he couldn’t say any of this out loud but it didn’t seem to matter much at all because Alex seemed to have understood because he smiled and looked thankful for the unsaid words.  I always knew that Alex was my little brother and looked more like a ten year old then a twelve year old but I guess since I’m near him so much I don’t see how young he looks till he seems so vulnerable, and I’m glad that I’m actually helping my brother, cause usually kindness and other such sweet things get hoisted on to Christophe’s shoulders. Alias tried not to cringe at the thought of some random people trying to slice through the bone that his brother wings sprouted from. 
“Were going to deal with this, one way or another, got it?” Alias said as he rubbed his shoulder blade.
 “Uh huh,” Alex said timidly trying not to say too much.
It wasn’t much help to hope that nothing would happen because Alias knew damn well it was useless. He also knew that his parents would find out, being part of council and all. But he had to trust his brothers word, if he said that he could deal, that means that they would all need to learn how to deal to. H e didn’t know how Amethyst would do, but even if he hated the fact, she was lethal and dangerous,  it was a given, but how was this all going to play out?
It was two days later now Saturday night, almost 11:50 at night. He was half asleep but stuck with images of what could be happening to his older brother. Then there was a strangled noise and silence. Before He could flinch, look, or attempt to fight back his could feel his body being immobilized. 
“wh- the hell?” Alias said but his speech was becoming slurred and his vision blurry. 
“Even if you try to scream, I’ll shove this box cutter so deep in you spinal cord you’ll stop”. That was the last thing he heard before everything went scary dark. Midnight….was for entrance into what seemed a lot like hell.

Chapter 13:
Am I too awake to be dreaming? ‘Cause that’s all I’m seeing

Did they just try to sedate me? She thought. It didn’t work very well this time, what the hell is going on anyways? I wasn’t, I shouldn’t be…I should have seen this coming, honestly. She watched the ground blur past her eyes. So high up that people didn’t even qualify as ant sized anymore. She looked ahead of her sure not to move too suddenly from looking dead. She saw Alex and Alias in the same hold she was in.  She seemed to be getting kidnapped and awful lot this year for some reason that was beyond her understanding. 
“-you would think that they’d be more difficult to capture, considering,” He heard one of the boys say. They were wearing all black but for some weird reason it was like she could see beyond the costume. They boy talking had copper colored hair, green braces and light brown eyes. He was thin and didn’t look very strong…looks could be very deceiving.
She examined the boy two his left and right. Those two were twins. Very dark skinned with curly brown hair, stronger looking than the copper headed boy with long arms and mean looking eyes with even faces. She guessed that one of them must’ve captured her and the boys. 
“you think that after this long of the two of us ignoring you that you would’ve figured out we only teamed with you because we had to,” the twin on the left said. 
“Whaa?” The copper headed boy said. 
“What was that for?” He asked. 
“Stupid, forget it,” the boy on the right said.
They got to some secluded place in Romania and she didn’t know where exactly because they had taken her underground. She, Alias and Alex had been tossed to the ground but she knew better than to make a sound, she wasn’t supposed to be awake.  She watched as the boys took off their black suits and found out that the faces she thought she’d imagined belonged to them, were correct. 
“You got them too…” she heard a voice. It was weak and familiar… oh my god, Christophe!!!! She asked. 
She almost got up and ran toward him but she knew better. 
“Shut up weakling!” the copper boy yelled at Christophe and yanked at the chains around his neck. Christophe laughed. 
“That’s nothing compared to what happened earlier, little bastard,” Christophe said easily. 
“Oh your asking for it I should-“
 “Jake, we have his brothers, his girlfriend, his life, you cant do him any worse than he already is,” one of the darker boys said. And then they all exited
. 
“What happened to you!!!? Oh my god your bleeding!!!” Amethyst exclaimed. 
“It’s not as bad as it looks, Jewel,” Christophe replied in a voice barely above a whisper. 
“Don’t Jewel me, your covered in your own blood and hanging from the wall, don’t even try it,” she said moving toward him.
 His entire back is gouged open…you can almost see the bone in his shoulder blade, she thought. Before she could reach toward his back she was being kissed, but pulled away because of a noise. 
“So you’re the girl he seems to value so much,” said the voice. 
“If you’re awake then why aren’t they?” He questioned. “
“Who are you, what do you want with us, why are we here and when can we leave?” she said without fear or nervousness. 
“I ask the questions around here, little girl. What is your name and why are you half demon?” He said coolly. 
“I don’t talk to strangers,” she replied with a smile. 
“Well unless you wish your death to arrive sooner than possible, answer the questions,” he said. Amethyst glanced over toward Christophe who gave her a pleading look so with a sigh she began to answer the string of questions. 
“I built up immunity to the anesthetic you used, my name’s Amethyst and what’s it to you?”
“My, my aren’t we a feisty little one,” The man said. He walked closer to her and she saw a familiarity in him…which scared her. 
“I’m only asking one more time, why are here,” she said impatiently and then felt Christophe reach toward her.
 “Simple, your little buddy over there. We want him and you. It will be you job to recruit other demon children.” She stared at him for a moment, “no.” And then he made a gesture with his hands and some men came in and attempted to grab her. She didn’t know how of why but it seemed like all she remembers doing is flinching and the men were bloody heaps on the floor. 
“What the fuck?” she didn’t know that she had even moved before a small girl walked in and said, 
“You are his child.”
“Uh pardon me but who are…you’re the little girl…the one Alex told me about,” Amethyst started but then she heard Alias and Alex wake up, 
“Kristen….” Alex said sleepily. The pretty girl almost seemed to float over toward him with her curly blonde hair that was held out her eyes with a flower hair clip. 
“Alexander!!!!!” The little girl yelled and hugged him. 
“You don’t hate me?” he asked. 
“You were ‘pose to come an’ play yesterday? Remember?” she asked. 
“What are you- oh my god” Alex said still holding the four year old in his arms. 
“I meant to tell you, they wiped her memory of Leah when they took her,” Christophe said. 
“But how, it’s impossible!?” Alex asked. 
“What are you and Christophe talking about Alexi? Can we play now?” Kristen asked oblivious to the situation in all her four year old wonder. 
“Wait so she doesn’t know that I died saving Leah?” Alex asked. Kristen ran over to Christophe and ran her hands over his back and he yelled but then, the marks were gone, not a scar. 
“Drink this, Silver,” she said handing something that looked like grape juice to Christophe. Amethyst held it up to him and he drank and then out of nowhere he had had the strength to break the chains holding him to the wall. 
“Can we play now? Daddy taught me how to cure our kind but he said not to cure you. Why not silver?” Kristen asked. 
“Because your daddy thinks I’m mean, Goldie,” he answered Christophe. 
“Goldie and silver?” Amethyst asked.
 “Yeah I saw her hair and called her goldilocks so she calls me silver,” He answered briskly. 
“You should sleep some more,” Christophe mumbled to Amethyst. 
“It’s a thirteen hour flight from new York to Romania,” he said stretching and leaning carefully against the wall. 
“But if I sleep then they’re going to hurt you more,” She yawned. 
“No more than if we ran now, and it’s much easier to fight if you’re not falling asleep, he mumbled. “uh huh,” she mumbled, falling asleep in his hold.

It was snowing, why was it snowing? And there were red footprints in the snow. You should run. But I stayed still watching the story unfold. I could hear screaming, horrible loud screaming and cries of terror. This is not what you wish to see. But I followed the bloody foot prints as if they were my own, like I knew where the footprints and screams would take me to. Do you wish to regret? The voices in my head got louder and louder and they were familiar but not my own.It was some kind of crazy psychotic, evil impulse telling me to keep moving forward, keep following,  It was snowing in the forest a seemingly familiar place with bloodied foot prints and for some reason everything had a hint of glamour or sparkle, the snow glittered because of the slight sun muddled by clouds But it looked to surreal, like I was in a watercolor painting or a movie scene, why?. Insolent child, haven’t you ever been reminded to listen to your conscience? Through the trees was a fire and almost burnt beyond recognition was three, three boys? Alexander, Alias, Christophe. I was horrified but I studied the scene. Look!!! It’s you!!! But for some reason I saw myself watching them burn and laughing, laughing with that man who interrogated me earlier, The one who I thought wanted us all dead. Nope, not you. I could hear them talking about my dead friends. “you know you’re above them, right?” and “you know you should’ve killed them sooner” and “you know they were useless anyway, don’t you?” And all I did was laugh and agree. You should wake up now. And then the man who interrogated me smiled and said “Daddy’s little girl” And then I couldn’t hear myself scream.

Chapter 14
One Bright Day in the Middle Of the Night
It’s February 9th and- Alias’s thought was interrupted by a scream from Amethyst who looked like she was sleeping. He saw Christophe shaking her. 
“Wake up, come on, it was just a dream,” he was spying as Alias watched her stir from whatever nightmare she must’ve been having.
 “Horror movie screech much? What happened?” Alias asked.  She looked around, confused about where she was and unsure of what to say. 
“Are you okay? Do you need something?” Christophe asked. 
“To get out of here as soon as possible,” she said in a voice just above a whisper. 
“What did you dream about?” Alex asked in unison with Kristen. 
“She can’t be right, it’s not possible,” Amethyst said in a mumble. 
“What are you talking about?” all three boys asked, but the little girl just smiled and laughed. 
“I am so right, that makes me your little sister or something,” she said laughing. 
“Oh yeah, prove it then!” Amethyst replied angrily. What are these two talking about?  Alias thought. She’s arguing with a little girl about a nightmare, are you serious? 
 “Look, only blood relatives can open the door,” Kristen said gesturing toward the door that she had entered through. The guy changed Kristen’s blood? Alias thought, not wanting to think too hard about it. “Okay so all you have to do is touch the scanner thing and the door will open,” Kristen continued. 
“Alias, can you touch it?” Amethyst asked shaking. 
“Why?” Alias questioned. 
“Because if you cant open it and I can, then that means-” she stopped talking but I understood. I walk over to the doors. Some kind of enchanted steel and reach left toward the scanner and touched it, BZZZZZT!!!!
 “Ouch!!!!” I yelped as it sent a shock through my body. “Screw that!!!” I grumbled. Amethyst inched toward it and touched it gently and the light on the scanner flashed and read: Access Granted for, Amethyst Lyell Alexander.
She’s the direct daughter of the bastards that are out to annihilate all fallen angels as well as my family’s bloodline, great, Alias thought. He expected he to be happy to know who her family is or at least her father, happy to know she wasn’t going to be killed, he expected a lot but he didn’t expect what actually happened at all, she broke down crying. 
“Don’t cry, superhero,” Alex said, knowing that the inside joke always made her smile but this time it just made her crying even more. Christophe came over and held her tightly. 
“It’s no big deal, who he is, and this means that it will be easier to escape,” Christophe said. 
“But he wants me to kill you!!!” she sobbed. 
“What are you talking about? Why would he want you to do that? It was just a dream!” Alex said from across the room. 
“You kidnapped his daughter from her caretaker, took her to Romania and enlightened her about being a half demon, taught her how to fight the caliber and on top of all of that, he wanted you three dead anyways,” Kristen said laughing. 
“But I don’t want all of you dead…I like you Amethyst and I like Alex and Silver,” She said jumping up and down. 
“Bu-what did I do?” Alias asked.
 “I can read your mind, you know too much, that’s why you don’t talk, you think about what’s happening and you thinking is going to ruin daddy’s plan, besides all you boys are here cause you did something wrong, remember? I can’t even remember clearly what I did wrong to begin with…did my brothers even have something to do with it? Alias thought hard. What did I do wrong anyways…I keep being put here on earth for some reason…but what is it? If I remembered what I did the first time I was fifteen…I would just fix it and age and then die I guess…what did I do?  
“I can show you what you did wrong if you like, just go to sleep,” Kristen said and the he slowly drifted off to sleep against his will. 
“But why would you even do that?” He whispered right before his eyes shut and he fell asleep.
“Come on monkey boy, just hop the gate and pop open the latch,” The older boys called out to me. 
“But what if I get caught? Or what if they have some kind of alarm system here? I asked. Now they were all yelling rude things at me and I didn’t feel like speaking in English anymore, but I did. 
“Fine, fine,” I said while I pulled myself up over the gate feeling my baggy black jeans start to get caught I twist and jumps over. 
“See, little man? That wasn’t so hard.” Nathan, the oldest boy yelled from the other side of the gate. 
“So why didn’t you climb your ass over here and open it yourself? I asked as I pushed up the latch and opened the gate for the others. Nathan shoved him to the floor, 
“watch who you’re talking to, kid,” he said. I knew better than to hang out with all 19 year olds. I knew Christophe said not to get involved with them, but so what? Christophe didn’t know everything, besides these guys were my friends anyway.
“Nate, what are we doing here?” I asked. They had just broken into some old looking insane asylum and not that I was scared of ghosts or anything but this seemed really sketchy. 
“Look here,” Nathan said as he pulled out a zipper lighter. 
“You dragged me here so I could watch you get high?” I said in disbelief.
“Not watch, this is where we take the first timers,” Nate said while the others nodded. 
“No, see I don’t like being forced into confusion,” I said. 
“Just for once, man, quit being so serious and understand us”. I stared at them for a while, 
“okay, I’ll do it.”
Fifteen minutes later and I can’t tell up from down but I’m laughing, we were all laughing. “Oh man, a ghost!!!” J.D yelled and we all laughed while he ran. Everything had color and was so vivid and- a person appeared out of nowhere so I reached forward and touch him, than he vanished. It was someone I had never seen before. I was still laughing and then another one showed up behind Nate and he screamed cause it touched him and vanished. Then some more of the appeared in front of all of us and we ran out the building screaming our heads off,
 “AHHHH! There’s ghost’s out to take our weed!!!! Run!!!”  we screamed. Once were in the doorway Mike looked at me, J.D, Nate, Lucas and Ben and said, 
“What do we do?!”  And after that Nate had us climb up to where the vines started on the top of the roof.
“Little man, you gotta throw the lighter on the plants and burn up the ghosts. 
“But why me?” I said with a smirk. 
“Cause man, you’re the only one who can make the jump from the roof to the floor,” and then I just nodded at all the guys and said I would it. The others poured whatever gasoline was in their lighters into the roof and the four of them climbed down. I set off the zipper lighter and jumped off the roof a second before the whole roof exploded.
“Way to go little man!!!” They were yelling in my ears. 
“Ugh,” I groaned. I was starting to come down off of the high and then J.D yelled. 
“Where’s Ben!!!!” I thought…only four of them got off the roof…been must’ve fell into the fire when the roof blew up. I ran inside even though I had probably broken something jumping down and heard Ben screaming, 
“HELP ME!!!!”  So I ran into the fire trying to get him and then…darkness.
I was jolted awake by the dream, 
“Oh shit! That’s how I died!? That’s what I did?! That’s why I’m here?!” Alias said incredibly fast. “He awakens,” Christophe said. 
“I did that? Wait but why am I here? I died saving someone!!!!” This makes no sense.

Kristen reappeared. “You know those people you thought were after your weed? Yeah they were five demons that you killed on purpose,” She said. “So you killed a human, your other friends died in a car crash and you killed five Calibers, you would not be here if you hadn’t opened the latch to get inside the insane asylum, get it? None of that would have ever happened had you had just said no and listened to your brother and stayed away from them to begin with, but because you didn’t…now you’re stuck here…doesn’t it royally suck?” She said. One thing was dreadfully clear to him; if Alex was damned here because he killed one of their kind what was he in for if he had killed five? He knew for sure he had to get all of them, including Amethyst, the hell out of here. Or else they might be better off being in hell after all.

Chapter 15
Apply some pressure, the bleeding should slow
Jealousy, turning saints into the sea, swimming through sick lullabies, choking on your alibis. But it's just the price I pay. Destiny is calling me Open up my eager eyes. 'Cause I'm Mr. Brightside. She was singing the song in her head. She needed something, anything to make her thoughts stop. 
“Why are you so mean?” Alias asked Kristen who still was smiling. 
“She’s not mean, she’s brainwashed. She doesn’t really understand what she’s saying,” Alex said playing with her hair. This was too much to handle and that was well known already, so was there any use complaining about it? No. So Amethyst stood up, 
“Less bitching, more action,” She said reaching toward the touch panel on the door. “Let’s go,” she said and they all walked out.
For an underground building, this place was clean and huge. 
“Christophe, any idea where anything is or how to get out of here?” She asked. Christophe stayed still trying to listen, smell or see any sign of an exit, She figured out it was another half demon thing that she hadn’t learned yet. 
“Were about…thirty feet underground…cloaked by some shield meaning that I can barely find you guys if I had to,” he said sadly. 
“Brilliant, should’ve seen that one coming,” she said. Kristen looked up at her with a smirk. 
“Listen kid, you and your smirk and comments aren’t helping me, do you have anything useful to say at all?” Amethyst snarled impatiently. 
“Daddy!” Kristen yelped happily and they all spun around to five strong looking men with equally malicious looks on their faces which only triggered one thing from them all, 
“Oh shit,” They said in unison.

One of them had light skin and light gold hair with golden yellow eyes that reflected light because they were so yellowish they were almost neon. His muscles were faintly visible though his black button down shirt and he looked like he was around twenty three years old; he stood on the far left of the silver hallway. The one next to him was dark skinned with orange eyes that stood out against his dark skin. His was in a red baggy sweatshirt and jeans and looked twenty. The girl on the far right had dyed hair neon blue and was Puerto Rican looking with the almost neon eyes as well and had on a pink baby-doll-looking-dress and black leggings an looked sixteen or so. Next to her was Asian boy with black hair that went down his back a white t-shirt and baggy grey jeans that were barely held up by his belt and didn’t look much older than the girl and had silver eyes with a charcoal rim. The one in the middle of them all had light brown wavy hair that stopped at his shoulders and a black and red polo shirt and dark blue jeans. He was caramel colored and looked around thirty with freckles on his checks and…crimson red eyes. She suddenly saw a memory flash though her head from when she was a baby, he was sixteen  holding her saying “Baby is bound to be trouble, she’s some monster”. She could recognize her mom at sixteen sitting on the couch half asleep, “Amethyst Lyell Alexander”. Yeah, that’s dad.
“Well look at our little prisoners, or should I say escape artists,” The blue haired girl said. 
“It’s not much of an escape with the door wide open,” Amethyst replied. All the guys stared them down and Kristen ran toward the guy in the middle. 
“Look it’s my sister!” She yelled. The girl with the blue hair sauntered over to Christophe, 
“And who might you be?” she asked flirtatiously while reaching her hand out to his bare chest and Amethyst caught it. 
“Mine, he’s mine so don’t fucking touch him,” she said fiercely. 
“Fine,” The girl said still staring at Christophe. She wouldn’t have thought much of the staring if Christophe hadn’t had this vicious and annoyed look in his eyes.  Amethyst knew her powers were stronger because now she could read minds quicker. She looked toward the girl to read her. But why be with her anyways? I’m so much better and hotter and more experienced…like imagine the things that we could- 
“You fucking whore!!” Amethyst yelled as she pushed the girl back. She didn’t think that’d she push the chick through a concrete wall though. 
“You’re so cute when you get mad,” Christophe mumbled under his breath. The girl charged toward her and she knew that pushing the blue hair girl meant that it was a battle to be fought, better now than later.
Punches flew that were directed at her and she knew they were enough to send the normal fallen angel through the walls but she couldn’t feel them. She noticed they were only fight four of them and if confused her but she couldn’t dwell on that. Her body hurt, her friends were hurt and it felt like her body was on fire, like flames were ripping through her skin and then she yelled and snarled a noise louder then the entire scene combined and her sight flashed purple and she was moving without feeling and no thinking she didn’t know what happened until one of them grabbed her by her neck and all the blood was rushing to her head and she bit something, someone and then there was darkness and her head hit metal.
She felt numb, until she could feel Christophe pinning her into a kiss. 
“Mhmm you shouldn’t do that, babe,” she half moaned against her will. 
“Why not?” He asked laughing as she opened her eyes to see that he still had no shirt. All it’s going to take it unbutton and unzip and if it gets to either of those… she thought. 
“That’s inevitable trouble,” she said. 
“You know you want me,” he said laughing even harder. That’s for damn sure, she thought.  Noticing that Kristen was sitting in the corner of…what used to be a room. 
“Uh hey, kiddo,” she said and then Christophe moved from being on top of her, “Yeah hey,” he said awkwardly.
 “Ha ha, what were you doing?” Kristen asked. 
“Uh do you need something?” Christophe asked avoiding the question. 
“Dad wants you in his office so I have to take you, your brothers are there already,” she said. Then she took them in an elevator and then to a room.
“You destroyed all four of them…In blind fury. That’s my girl,” The guy said. She knew he was her father but that wasn’t something she felt like acknowledging. 
“Can I leave now? And what do you mean blind fury? The last thing I remember is a girl with blue hair. 
“You screeched and then moved so fast and so dangerously and, and amazing,” Alex said and Alias nodded.
 “Now I was going to keep you all here, I underestimated my child. If I separate you, you can find each other. If one of you die then you come back so at the moment I will release you all. 
“What’s the catch?” Christophe asked. 
“That is for me to know and for you boys to fear,” he said with a smirk. 
“How’s your mother, Ami?”  He asked. 
“She’s good, I’m nothing like you, dad,” She said. 
“More than you know,” He countered. 
“Well I’ll contact you more often Amethyst, and just so you know all the rooms in the building have cameras you two,” He said. 
“What do you mean by that?” She asked. 
“What exactly were you doing before you were in here?” He asked smiling. Both Amethyst and Christophe blushed.  Alex and Alias had already gotten up to leave and since they all knew how to fly they decided that’s how they would get back to the city.

Thirteen Hours Later…
Dear Journal,
was crazy, A fight that I can’t remember at all
my dad just showed up out of thin air and like
wanted to threaten my boyfriend and my friends
I just want things to be someone normal. I wonder
If that’s possible at all? Oh well besides all the crazy
That’s going on, I’m happy. Christophe is the
Absolute best…and I am so in for trouble. And now it’s
February 3rd.  So close to Valentines Day. Later journal,
Christophe is hovering by the window, I should let
Him inside
Amethyst Lyell Alexander

Chapter 16:
She’s Topic A-Z with Me, If Only She Could See
And now it was February 10th and Alias was wandering around the apartment with no idea what to do with himself. He could Alex playing “Miss Murder” on Rock Band and he could hear Christophe on  his cell phone, talking to Amethyst. He sighed, “Amethyst”.  He knew that she was taken, knew he couldn’t win and as much as he hated to admit it, couldn’t get over her. Well what am I going to do? Confess It to her? Bullshit, He thought. “She didn’t like me from the first day, not that I made the best first impression,” He said regretfully. She would probably laugh at me anyways, not that I would blame her, he thought. He wanted an escape from his thoughts because It plagued him to even whisper it, thinking it hurt and drove him crazy, “But what if we were?” He whispered aloud as he collapsed onto his bed.  Why does this have to happen?  He thought. He could have anyone he wants, girls fall at his fucking feet and…and the one he picks has to be…this sucks. “I shouldn’t get so worked up over a girl,” He said weakly. “But she’s not a girl, she’s the girl,” he mumbled. He heard a knock at the door, 
“Hey there baby brother,” Christophe said with a smirk.
“Please get out,” Alias replied briskly. 
“Fine, check your phone though,” Christophe says while he pulls the door close again. He looks at his phone and sees that he has five missed text messages from Amethyst, he opened the most recent one.

Can you come and play with me?
Play what?
The wii or soccer, with me and sunny?
You and sunny?
She wants’ to like, chill with you too, come over?
Is Christophe coming with us?
Nah, that would be rude, and lovesick inducing
What?
She can explain later if she wants to, are you coming or what?
Be there in 2 minutes, open your window
K, later
“Sunny, you remember Alias right?” Amethyst asked as he sat on the chair in her room.
 “Yeah, hi,” She said. 
“Hey you guys brought coats and like bus fare with you?” Amethyst asked them both. 
“Yeah why?” They asked in unison. 
“Don’t worry about it, just bring it with you or your going to end up freezing and stranded which I’m sure that neither of you want lets go,” she said happily as she grabbed he stuff and dropped food into the rabbit’s cage. 
“Are you sure she always this hyper?” Alias asked in disbelief. Sunny laughed, 
“Always, watch when she has Monster”.  Amethyst looked back at them as she picked up her phone and keys by the front door, 
“C’mon, let’s go!!!”  She said excitedly. Alias wasn’t sure what to think but he knew that he shouldn’t have been staring at her like that, staring usually ended with conversation and if he was right, that would be an uncomfortable conversation to have. He knew for sure though that anyway he tried to think about it, knowing Amethyst that wherever they were going was bound to be interesting.
“Moonlight, where are we going?” Sunny asked while we all followed Amethyst to…wherever she was taking us. 
“The seven train,” she answered calmly. 
“But you don’t take trains! And you can’t see where were going! And you can’t remember any directions! Where are we going!?” Sunny was freaking out. Amethyst glanced at me and we both laughed. 
“The seven train, don’t worry, I brought my phone,” She answered nonchalantly. 
“Alias, you trust ne, right?” She asked laughing. 
“More than you can imagine,” He answered unthinking. 
“Yeah, hugs for you!” She said and hugged him laughing in his ear. Uh…maybe she doesn’t hate me so much as I thought. “Just trust me, “Amethyst said as she swiped her metro card through the turnstile. 
“Fine,” Sunny said as she swiped in behind me.

Later…
“How did you find this place!?!” Sunny yelled and I didn’t know what to think. 
“I looked it up on the internet, see I told you I knew where I was going!” Amethyst said while pulling off her favorite striped hoodie to pull off another purple hoodie to toss at sunny. 
“Here, you’re going to need this,” she said putting her striped hoodie on again along with the gear. “You’ll be okay, right?” She asked. 
“I should’ve warned you that we were going paintballing. 
“Yeah, I’m good,” Alias replied. 
“Well don’t just stand there, put on your gear,” she laughed.
“Since there are only three of us, it every person for themselves, If someone gets hurt, like seriously hurt go and stand by the entrance, okay? Go!!!” Amethyst yelled and ran away. The paintball field was huge and reminded alias of a level in mortal kombat. He had to stay alert and try not to get shot at.
 “Fire!!!”
 He heard Amethyst yell and then he got shot three times in the back of the thigh. 
“No way!” And he aimed at her and shot wherever at her. Then he was being shot at from both angles and he could hear the two girls laughing. 
“You said every man for himself!!!” he said aiming the paintball gun toward sunny. 
“Yeah but she’s like my twin, just not,” Sunny said. 
“Yep,” Amethyst nodded.
Three hours into running up and down the paintball field everyone ended up covered in paint and starving. 
“Ugh even through all that freaking padding I end up with welts,” Sunny said. 
“Same here,” Amethyst and Alias nodded.
 “Want Cheeseburgers?” Amethyst asked. 
“Yeah, I’m hungry,” Alias said. They all walked toward the entrance where you put on all the padding. She play’s so hardcore too, no girly whining just like…she plays to win. He thought. Alias watched as she pulled of the helmet and shook out her wavy hair that went down her back, He watched as she dropped the paint splattered padding to the floor and as she did so she pulled of her striped hoodie and tied it around her waist because of the heat in the room. Damn, staring is going to get me in so much trouble, he thought. Amethyst reached for her phone,
 “Hey babe,” she said.
 “Just hanging out with Sunny and Alias, ‘bout to go eat,” she continued. “Ok later babe,” she said as she hung up.
“He doesn’t know we went to play paintball,” Amethyst said while we were all eating. 
“Why didn’t you tell him?” Alias asked. 
“Have you seen your brother?  He would protect her from everything and then it wouldn’t be much fun to play at all now would it,” Sunny said in-between bites of food. Amethyst nodded in agreement. 
“Today was so much fun but we better get home though,” Amethyst said.
He got home and stayed up because it was Saturday at 11:45. It was almost February eleventh, so close to Valentine’s Day. Today was so awesome, Alias thought while he got dressed for bed. I got to hang out with Amethyst and Sunny all day and play paintball and eat cheeseburgers. It’s just that everything was so great today, I almost wished that she hated me, It might make it easier not to love her. How does she even do that? Even with all the padding she moves so gracefully making me look so clumsy. She’s so beyond me, she’s got me wired. I want to tell her, I’m driving myself up a wall with this girl. This is volatile; I just need to act like there’s nothing there, like I didn’t even notice her on the first day of school, like we didn’t even meet.

February 14th, Wednesday
Alias and Alex were getting dressed for school, Christophe left early to wake up Amethyst and be all romantic like a good boyfriend. He’s so lucky, He thought. 
“Alexander, you ready to go yet?” Alias yelled toward the back where Alex’s room was. 
“Yeah, I just had to pick something up, we can head out now,” Alex said.
Alias had gotten to school early and he could see that Amethyst and Christophe had gotten there early as well. He had given her a bag of the Hershey kisses with caramel in the middle because they were her favorite. He had given her a red carnation flower a put it in her hair because he knew it would make her smile. He promised her one hundred kisses in-between twelve in the morning and twelve at night. He promised her something she would love and could see coming but still hadn’t guessed it yet and Christophe found it cute. That was part of the miracle of Christophe he was perfect and when you had him, you had him without a doubt, his heart was owned. And Alias watched all of this and listened as well, with envy.
 “But what is it? Tell me?”  Amethyst was asking excitedly. 
“Just wait till the end of the day, I have to finish something for it okay?” Christophe said with a laugh at her expression. 
“Oh but why!?” Can’t I just get a teeny, tiny hint as to what it is?” She asked. 
“Okay your hint is Valentine.
“The broken heart’s parade and I’m putting my heart out on display, There’s no masquerade, just a funeral march for love today, the band strikes up and I’m playing a song, dressed in black and were singing along to the broken hearts parade, and I’ve never been better than I am today,” Alias sang with his headphones in his ears. It was lunchtime now and Alias was bored. Bored of Valentines, bored of watching love float around in the air and absolutely pissed off that Christophe got to be happy. Alias walked over to central park to go and climb up the rocks and give him something to do that wasn’t wander around. He climbed up the rocks by the entrance of the park. He looked down to the ground and he could see Amethyst sitting down by the lake which wasn’t dirty looking because it was still cold out. He climbed down the rocks to go and talk to her. 
“Hey Alias,” she said happily looking at the fishes that were swimming in the water. 
“What’s up, Amethyst?” he asked calmly. Her eyes are so pretty, he thought. 
“Nothing much, just relaxing and daydreaming,” She replied smiling. I love the way she smiles, too.
 “Daydreaming about what?” He asked.  He didn’t know what the hell he was doing but he was moving and then their lips connected and it was like electricity or magnets. I don’t want to pull away, he thought. 
“I love you,” Alias said once he pulled away and then disappeared before he could think, before she could make a noise, before anything could happen at all, “I completely messed up,” he said resting his head in his hands. That shouldn’t have happened, and shouldn’t have felt so…right.

Chapter 17:
Can you speak up over the sound of the blood rushing to my head?

“What just happened?” She said before realizing the warmth on her lips was gone and Alias was nowhere to be seen, but she knew she hadn’t daydreamed that. She pressed her fingertips against her lips. 
“Alias?” She said to nobody. She wasn’t thinking clearly at all. She got up from where she was seated by the lake and walked back in the direction of school. 
“Hey Moonlight, what’s the matter?” Sunny asked cautiously as she walked toward her. 
“Nothing, why?” She answered trying to sound calm. 
“Don’t ‘nothing’ me, what’s the matter?” she asked again. 
“Well I was sitting by the lake and Alias showed up,” She said slowly. Sunny nodded. 
“Then we were talking and he kissed me,” She Continued. 
“He did what?! On Valentines Day?” Sunny yelled. 
“Sunny, he said he loved me,” Amethyst said in a whisper. “He…damn,” Sunny said and then they walked into the building.
Of all the things she could see coming what never ceased to amaze her were these boys. “Ugh,” she groaned. What is it with these boys kissing me at random?  She thought. I didn’t do anything to lead on Alias. He knows that I’m with Christophe…he’s seen it. Unless like that doesn’t matter to him. What am I supposed to do?  She was supposed to being doing the warm up for gym class but she ended up daydreaming through that. She couldn’t think straight and she could see Alias staring at her from across the gym floor. He got closer to her and then her and sunny decided to go outside because Alias was the last one who needed to hear this entire confusing conversation…well except for Christophe that is.
“Well how did that happen?” Sunny asked quickly. 
“I was sitting all peaceful and then he asked me a question and before I could answer, he was kissing me,” Amethyst explained. 
“Why didn’t you push him off of you?” She asked. 
“Before I could protest it was over, he kisses like…electricity…magnetism…I don’t know but then I opened my eyes back up and he was gone…” She answered. 
“My Jewel,” Christophe says smoothly over by the entrance to the school yard. Her heart flipped for him and he came to kiss her three times. 
“Fifty more to go,” he laughs. 
“Hello Sunny,” He adds. “Do you still want your present, Jewel?” Christophe asks teasingly.
“Yeah! What is it?!” Amethyst asks. 
“I already told you what it was Ami, a valentine,” he laughs. 
“But a leaf could be a valentine if you cut it into the shaped of a heart!!” She argues. 
“Aw man, how’d you guess?!” He says as he picks up a leaf off the ground and hands it to her, trying to keep a straight face. All three of them laugh, 
“You’re a piece of work!!!” Amethyst says and then goes on the swing.
“I’m home mom!” She yelled and as she walked into her room she saw her bed was covered in rose petals. “What the….” She took in the sight. Christophe was sitting cross-legged on her bed with her guitar in hand. “What are you doing?” She asks quietly. 
“I –uh don’t play guitar well and I can’t really sing and I don’t write songs but I want to sing your favorite song…is that okay?” he asks.
 “You sound all vulnerable and shy, of course it’s okay,” she says as she skips over to him and lays her head on his knee. “How do you even know my favorite song?” She asks.
 “You sing really nice and you sing it a lot, and it’s on your top twenty five played on your IPod,” he laughs and strums the guitar.

“the way that i acted, so irrational. 
you saw me lying useless on the asphalt. 
and that other girl, I’m pretty sure she didn't know.
played out with cables but I jumped it so it's not slow.

and was I everything you asked for now? 
and was I everything you asked for now? 
Take what you can get

so when a robot falls in love, we clap, clap. 
i saw an angel from above, i had a heart attack, 
and i awoke with blood on my nose, 
'cause everyone's an enemy and everyone's a memory, 
and i am so sick of this town. 

so what would you say, 
we leave just you and me? 
and we can make some memories. 
we'll drive to the south, live on some Texas beach,
our lives will be in perfect harmony. 

so was i everything you asked for now? 
under the floorboards, inside the walls, i am you.
the vampire's smile has got you here, 
any last words now? 

so when a robot falls in love, we clap, clap. 
i saw an angel from above, i had a heart attack, 
and i awoke with blood on my nose, 
'cause everyone's an enemy and everyone's a memory, 
and i am so sick of this 
I am so sick of this. 

if i could see you fall in love, I’d clap, clap 
'cause you're an angel from above, giving me heart attacks. 
and you awoke with blood all on your nose. 
'cause everyone's a enemy and everyone's an memory 
and i am so sick of this town. 

don't give up anything you want, 
'cause it all comes in time 
lately i've been having these dreams,
i saved my spot in line 

the only things i'm sure of, baby, you will hear right now 
i'm feeling more than touch my words have said enough 
i swear that what i love is what I’ll live. 
sing with conviction, be sincere
So when a robot falls in love just clap, clap”

And then he stops singing and playing. 
“Was that bad?” he asks. 
“That was amazing!” She squeaks and moves the acoustic guitar to somewhere else on the bed. She sits up with a smile,
 “that was a brilliant surprise, thank you,” she says. 
“Actually, my jewel, this is your surprise,” He says going into his pocket and pulling out a charm bracelet.
 “It’s so pretty…” she says in a whisper. 
“I hoped you would like it, I love you and happy valentines day,” he puts it on her wrist and kisses her goodbye with a smile once he sees the time, 
“I have chores to do,” and then he’s gone. He just said he loved me after making the day perfect, I love him- wait. She thinks. She remembers the thing with Alias and picks up her cell phone. 
“Sunny…can you spend the night? Please?” she asks.
 “Something happened didn’t it?” Sunny asks.
 “Christophe and roses and songs and bracelets and I love you was said,” Amethyst replies. “That’s awesome! And I have to tell you what- wait what about Alias?” Sunny asks. 
“I don’t know…can you come over?” She says. 
“Ten minutes,” and then Sunny hangs up.
“Well what am I supposed to do? Like what do I tell Christophe? This isn’t a conversation that I ever planned on having and you get that. What do I say? Hey babe I know that you said that you loved me and all that and guess what!? So does Alias and to prove it he kissed me! Isn’t that fantastic!?” I say. “Well moonlight, you need to do something and as much as I hate to say it…it’s something along those lines because if you don’t say it than he’s going to find out from Alias and that might break you two up and I know you don’t want that so you should go and talk to him,” Sunny says. 
“But, like, how? I didn’t do anything to Alias! He just levitated his face into mine…” She says. “Well you better tell him that then,” She says.
 “Listen to what Angel did!” Sunny says. And even though she doesn’t mind it too bad she knows that this whole situation is going to be an interstellar headache, Valentine’s Day was for confusion.

Chapter 18
Watch your mouth, kiddo. Smart comments like those start fires
It’s so hot here…I love the ocean though. “Hey Amethyst,” I say happily. I see her lie down next to me and then all of a sudden the beach is empty and she’s kissing me and I kiss back. I look up at her and realize that were both magically naked and still on the beach and then…
 “Ack!! Fuck! Christophe why are you choking me you ass!?” Alias chokes out. Christophe’s hand is still wrapped around Alias’s neck.
 “You know you talk in your sleep?” He asked. 
“What does that have to do with you choking me?” Alias asks all confused. 
“Why are you moaning my girlfriends name in your sleep?” He asks. 
“Ah shit.” Alias groans remembering the dream and realizing a semi issue. 
“This is at the moment, gay…please move,” He continues and Christophe leaves the room wordlessly, this was far from over. 
“I’m going to back to bed, it’s three in the morning,” he mumbles and tries to roll over on his stomach.
 “Ugh ouch, that was dumb,” He sighs and closes his eyes.
And now it was the next morning and Alias was starving because he skipped breakfast because of the death glare he was catching from Christophe all morning. He walked over to the store by school and got a breakfast sandwich and just about inhaled it. He could see Amethyst and Christophe from down the block. He walked toward them with his head down and tried to go un-noticed. “Well, well little brother, just talking about you we were,” He says calmly. Alias looks up at him and sees the Amethyst is talking to sunny and not paying much attention to the situation.
 “And so…what do you know?” Alias asks.
 “Don’t touch my girlfriend, got it? She’s not property to me or you. What you did on any respect was disrespectful to her, me and yourself.” He said calmly. 
“Did you ask her how she felt about it, cause I’ll be damned if she didn’t like it,” Alias blurts out. “Excuse you!?” Christophe tried not to yell and then stopped. 
“You wanna ask her?” Christophe says. 
“I don’t need to ask her, I know the answer already, Christophe,” He replies noticing that Amethyst is gone and smirks and walks away. Christophe wouldn’t attack me in broad daylight…and definitely not with human witnesses around. He looks back and Christophe is glaring.
“You have a death wish?” Amethyst says in my ear once were in study hall. 
“He’s on the war path now, why’d you do that!?” She says.
 “I’m sorry, really I am, I just…don’t even know what came over me,” I smile. 
“Can I ask you why you kissed me and why you said that? Cause your officially confusing me,” she says sitting on the table. 
“Um well…I-uh- I like you and like…it seemed perfect even though I know it wasn’t and I said that because I meant it.” He stutters endlessly. She blushes and looks across the room. 
“What is it?” Alias asks. 
“Nothing, I was just kind of afraid of that is all,” She says.
 “Can I ask you something now?” He asks. Amethyst nods slowly.
 “Did you like it? The whole kissing thing?” Alias says trying to sound confident. She laughs, 
“I’m so dead if I answer that! Nice try, troublemaker!” And she jumps down off the desk to go chill with her friends. 
If you didn’t answer then that means that you liked it huh? You just won’t admit it? I’m smarter than you think I am, Amethyst, He sends to her thoughts and wonders if she’ll respond or even know how to respond at that. Wow you’re full of yourself today huh, Alias?  She answers back almost instantly.
Hmm this has been quite a week so far, Alias thought. So far I have managed to kiss Amethyst, tell her how I feel, royally piss off Christophe which I’m sure will result in him trying to use my face as a mop. And he only found out because of a dream I had- did he tell her that!? Oh god I hope not…ugh I don’t think I can deal with that just yet. How did he even hear me? We don’t share rooms anymore…he must have been sneaking back in the house or something like that. Maybe I should have stayed-nope, never mind that. What if she thinks I only like her because my brother has her…if she does I can fix that. This is what I asked for in a way, for her to know how I felt, the only thing wrecking it is Christophe. And he’s my brother and I love him, I do it’s just that…him having her is unfair because what if…what if he breaks her heart? What if he’s not really sincere. He always gets what he wants but, I swear I’ve never been so sure about a girl, about anything really. But like…she’s special. If I told this to Christophe, I wonder what he would say to me and I wonder if she even likes me back…if I get my chance to, I’m going to find out, for sure…
All the thoughts were pooling up in his head endlessly. It was now the last class of the day and he realized he probably just spent the last few minutes staring like a moron lost in space. “Smooth,” He mumbled and wandered outside for the last few minutes of gym.
 “Don’t wonder, moonlight, your last wonder just about got you killed,” He could hear Sunny talking. 
“The bus might’ve stopped if you hadn’t yanked me backwards though,” He hears Amethyst say. 
“Yeah, after it’d have run your hyperactive ass!” Sunny laughs.
 “Yeah, it would have to stop then!” Amethyst laughs and climbs down from the play set. The bell rings and I wait for Amethyst and Sunny and decide to walk with them.
“So how was your day, Alias?” Amethyst asks while stopping in front of the building for Alex. “It was interesting…I’ll tell you that much for sure,” Alias says and then sees Alex rush out the building. 
“Hey bro, hey superhero chick,” Alex smiles. 
“What new, Lex?”  Amethyst asks as they walk. 
“I uh have a bunch of stalkers or something,” He laughs.
 “You sound happy about that, what aren’t you saying?” Amethyst asks him. 
“I’m only happy about one of them. She’s pretty and cool and not creepy,” he says.
 “Sounds like a crush, Alex,” Alias says. “I’ll let you know, how about that?” Alex says.
 “Bye Lex, bye Alias!” Amethyst and Sunny yell as the catch they bus.
 “Where’s Christophe at?” Alex asks.
 “I haven’t a clue,” Alias shrugs. 
“Why was he trying to kill you with a look this morning?” Alex asks.
 “Ask him when you see him,” He answers.
“Christophe?” Alias says as he walks into the house and walks toward Christophe’s room. He was just sitting there on the bed looking out the window, and that was bizarre. Alias walked in the room cautiously.
 “Get out my room Alias,” he says calmly without looking from the window. Something was crazy wrong here, calmness? Quiet? Still? This couldn’t possibly be my brother. 
“Who are you? What have you done with my brother?” Alias says even more cautiously. 
“I am your brother and nothing of my doing has been done, please leave,” Christophe replied. 

What just happened here? Why does he sound so timid and vulnerable? Nothing of his doing has been done? What? Where’s the confidence and wisdom gone? Are the other demon guys still on him? No…he would say something and he wouldn’t lead them here for sure. Maybe he’s messing with me…yeah that’s it probably, Alias thought. 
“So how was your day Alias?” He says almost robotically. 
“Paranoid…but tolerable up until now, how was yours?” Alias asks. 
“It was great, I’m kind of tired now though, I’m going to take a nap,” Christophe yawns and looks up at Alias.
 “Why are you eyes all red?” Alias asks. “They itched all day, close my door,” he yawns again and rolls over on his bed to face the window.
Alias walked toward his own room and reached for his cell phone. He decided to text Amethyst and ask her what was up.
 Did you and Christophe break up or something?
Alias…that’s not funny
I’m serious. Did something happen with you two today?
Not that I know of, he went home at lunch though, he said he didn’t feel well…is he okay?
He does seem kind of sick now that you mention it. He wasn’t acting weird though?
Affectionate and polite as always, he acted normal. Just kind of slow and cautious…did you do something or did I?
I think I did…aw crap. I have to go for a bit.
Later Alias, watch out for him will you?
I will, that’s a good thing you know, that you care about him so much…
LOL I care about you too Alias, and Alex as well
I know…
But?
Nothing, nothing. I care about you too.
But what?
I don’t care about you the way you care about me. You’re not like my brothers to me. I have to go now Amethyst, see you tomorrow because I know that you never miss school. =o

And then Alias cut off his phone and went to go figure out if Christophe was in his room. I think I would rather just have him kill me of something, he thought. I think I broke my brother, or said the wrong thing or maybe she doesn’t know about what happened this morning at all. He walks into Christophe’s room and sees the window wide open and Christophe standing at it with his wings extended with a smile. “I feel kind of better now, Amethyst just called and asked if I wanted to come over if I felt better like a minute ago. I’ll be back later…keep your phone on little bro, dinner’s in the oven,” he flies away. 
“Christophe, wait a second!” Alias yells. She doesn’t know…he’s going to go and tell her! He screamed internally and felt himself burn red with anger and embarrassment. “He’s not going to kill me not going to physically kill me…he’s going to let me die of embarrassment and let that kill me instead!” Alias collapses on to the bed. “Cupid hit me with a Nuke…and now I have to pay for it…maybe I won’t go to school tomorrow,” He says aloud. “Can’t call my brother dumb,” he sighs.

Chapter 19
And so we talk now? Is that correct?

“I’m sorry…honest I am,” She says looking up for her bed shyly as Christophe flies in her window “What are you sorry for?” Christophe asks absently. 
“The whole Alias and me not telling you thing…but I didn’t do anything…if that counts at all,” she says quietly.
 “I know that,” He says and then takes a seat on her bed. Amethyst studies his expression momentarily. 
“We have to talk, right?” She asks and sits upright. 
“Do you like him?” he asks. Shit, you don’t waste any time do you? She thinks.
 “He’s your brother, I can’t hate him entirely…he’s cool people,” She says.
 “That’s true, it’s just that well…nothing, never mind,” Christophe says and then looks toward the window. Holy crap on rice…I didn’t mean to do that! She thinks.
 “Okay, I like him, that’s true. But I don’t love him…just you,” She said almost inaudibly. She looks over toward Christophe who was beaming at her, 
“Really!!? Just me!? For real!!?” He said all ecstatic and Amethyst started laughing. 
“Yeah you knucklehead, just you!” She laughs and falls back onto her pillow. Christophe lays back too and then stares at her all amazed. 
“What is it now?” she asks and stretches across him. 
“Just taking in your sight, that’s all,” he smiles. Crisis averted, awesomeness! Did he really not know that? He came all this way to ask that? Amazing.
“So you’re okay, right?” Amethyst asked.
 “Um, yeah. That was just gnawing at me all day and I had to know, sorry…what’s that noise?” He asks. 
“My mom in her room. You always fly in my window so she’s never seen you come in. And if she were to walk in my room right now she would most likely flip out because we’re just all cuddly on my bed in my room with the door shut,” Amethyst replies. 
“Yeah but if she did know I was here then we wouldn’t be having this friendly moment…among others,” He smirks and kisses her on the forehead.
 “Very true and-” The door swings open and they both sit up. 
“Oooh Ami!!! I’m telling!!!” It was her little cousin Brie. 
“Nah you’re not! Why are you here?” Amethyst asks.
 “Grandma!!! Ami has a boy in her room!!!” Brie yells running down the hallway. Christophe kisses her quickly and flies out the window as soon as she’s gone. Amethyst shuts the window and flops back onto her bed with a book just as her mom and Brie come in. 
“Look! Wait, where is he?!” Brie yells.
 “Who?” Amethyst asks looking up from the book. 
“The boy with the hair and no shirt and-and the wings!” Brie yells.
 “You called me in here about some boy with wings? Little girl you’ve been here five minutes…” she trails off and walks back toward her room. 
“He was here, right?” Brie asked. 
“Yep, but my mom isn’t going to believe you so…who cares?” Amethyst laughs. Score one against my eight year old nightmare of a cousin! I should invite him over some more .Happy Thursday.
“Ami, what can we do now?” Brie asks. 
“Chick I have homework to do, so I don’t know what to tell you,” Amethyst sighs and reaches for her backpack reluctantly. 
“You weren’t doing homework when that boy was in here!” Amethyst laughs. 
“Yeah well, I am now. Don’t you have homework to do anyways?”  Brie goes out the room and amethyst picks up her math book out of her bag and glares at it while flipping to the assigned page.
 “The square root of x solve for…ugh” she groaned. And people wonder why I fail math annually when they give me crap like this.
 
February 28th, Sunday
“Happy birthday Ami!!!” Her mom yelled in her ear.
 “Woah…I’m fifteen now, thanks mom!” She laughed. 
“What’s going on today?” Her mom asked. 
“I don’t know, you tell me,” She asked. 
“Nothing until later, go and hang out with your friends for a few hours, it’s a nice day outside,” She said and then walked out the room.
Amethyst pulled on a pair of skinny jeans and a blouse and a black tie with little skulls all over it. “Hello my jewel!” Christophe says as he lands on her bed.
 “Holy crap!” She squeaks and spins around to button up her shirt. 
“Happy birthday, kid” he laughs. 
“II’m not a kid! I’m just a year younger than you!” she said.
 “Until July 11th, that is,” he smirks.
 “Come on, Alex and Alias are outside waiting for us,” he says. They both fly down from the window. “Look up in that tree over there! We built you a tree house!” Alex yells. 
“Happy birthday! It was my idea!” Alex beamed. She looked up at the huge tree in the middle of the park. 
“Where is it?” She asked. 
“It’s hidden with a charm I had made,” Alias said looking down at his feet. Alias has been acting weird ever since that day of school. He’s been acting all shy and more awkward than usual. Then again, I guess that the whole me going out with his brother thing is a step in itself to deal with so…I guess it will take time until were back to whatever we used to call normal. They phase up into the tree and then are inside the tree house full of comic books and posters. 
“That’s so freaking cool!!! Thanks Alex!” she exclaims. Then there was this dizzying noise and crippling heat. 
“You okay? You look flushed” Christophe asked distracted by something but Amethyst could only hear her heartbeat pounding in her ears and then her head hitting the wood floor.
Snow, snow, snowing. The forest covered in a blanket of white and I’m so hot. I’m laying in the snow looking up at the sky and I can’t see anything worth it and then I’m being buried in snow. Then, there are prickles on my skin that go from a tickle to a stabbing pain and then the sky flashes bright and the burying stops and the burning stops and I’m standing and everything is brighter and clearer and I feel stronger but I’m crying so hard even though I feel myself smiling. My head hurt so bad and I’m not talking and can’t make any noise and I wish I could because I would scream until somebody heard me, until I burst my eardrums, until whatever the ache that I wish I couldn’t feel began to melt away. I see Christophe lying on the ground. 
“You can have my heart,” he says weakly.
 “What?” I don’t understand what he’s talking about. 
“You will die without it, take my heart…I don’t need it” Christophe smiles at me but it still makes no sense and then I see him pick a box cutter out his pocket and gash an X into his chest which is bare and wet with snow and now bleeding.
 “I don’t need that! What makes you think I need that!?” I yell but I feel my eyes burn at the sight and it tempts me. 
“Your eyes…and Alias…and I- don’t deserve to-to-be here. I’m a waste of a second chance, at least if I give my heart to you; I know that it won’t go to waste” He sighs, letting the blood rush from him. I lick at the wound with tears streaming down my face and then…black. When I looked back there were bone and the clothes I had put on this morning were covered in blood and there was this insane taste on my tongue and I laid back in the snow and there was no more hurt for a moment and the snow melted when I laid upon i. Then I saw Alex, crying and Alias staring blankly between me and the skeleton and I realized what I had done but I couldn’t cry or talk but I knew I felt sorry or…that I should but…I couldn’t, I didn’t. I mean..I loved him, didn’t I? I ruined a family and took a life, right? And then Alex said,
 “What happened to the superhero?! I warned you! I knew it was a bad idea!” He screamed. I stared at him and then looked toward Alias, 
“I don’t blame you, It isn’t your fault I told you, I told them all…and then for a minute you know, I thought you were different and i- just…I told you to stay away from him Ami,” And then he hugged me and all I could offer him was my now sharp toothed smile.

“My throat burns,” I say hoarsely. 
“Your okay!!!” I can hear my mom yell but officially have no idea where I am, so I open my eyes. A hospital? Why am I in a hospital?! What the hell just happened? She thought. I look around the room and see all the guys sitting in chairs across the room. I look at my blouse covered in blood as well as my tie. I look across the room at Christophe with the look of ‘what the fuck?’ and he looks back at me carefully. 
“You spent 20 minutes blacked out and coughing up blood” he says softly. Happy birthday to me, I think and then lay my head back down, I’m dizzy.

Chapter 20
We all scream for Ice Cream

That was scary…she was talking and then, It looked like a horror movie scene, He thought. Alias watched her from across the room, at her now talking to her mom.
 “Baby you are spaghetti, let’s go, I’m ready Tirame por el blackberry, Vamos en el ferry…be happy, don’t worry. Watagatapitusberry!!!” Alex yells from the corner of the room looking toward Amethyst who starts laughing.
“Ouch!” She groans still smiling. 
“Sorry, its just that the silence got to be too much for me,” He smiles. Amethyst’s mom looks 
concerned for her daughter as well as confused by all of us. 
“So who are you boys?” She asks. 
Christophe stands up first, “My name is Christophe Cardei and these are my brothers Alias and Alexander,” He says and we all wave. 
“Well it’s nice to meet you boys…may I ask though what was going on before-uh-this happened?” She asks.
 “We were in the tree house that we built her for her birthday and she was laughing one second and then she looked kind of faint but before we could do anything..well…you know what happened,” Alex says.
 “Oh…okay. How exactly do you know her so well?” She asks us. I can see Amethyst  staring at me intently with the ‘don’t say anything stupid’  glare. 
“From school,” Christophe and i say in unison. Ms. Alexander glance shifts towards Alex. 
“By association with my brothers and the fact that I go to the middle school in the building,” He says. Ms. Alexander laughs and we all stand confused.
 “So you must be her boyfriend, one of you two,” she says.
 “Mom!!!” Amethyst squeaks. 
“Hmm, so now you can talk huh?” Ms. Alexander says, “So I must be right, so who is it? One of you must be the explanation of the charm bracelet she refuses to take off,” She says smiling. “That…would be me. Pleased to meet you Ms. Alexander” He says softly. 
“Same here, I was beginning to wonder who she must have been talking two on the phone in the middle of the night,” She says. Both Amethyst and Christophe tense and then relax. 
“How about the three of you come over for dinner tonight?” She offers politely. 
“Mom, are you sure about that?” She says quietly. 
“Yeah, the doctors said theres no sign of tearing or lacerations in your throat anywhere and that you look perfectly healthy, actually so you can go home straight away,” she says. 
“And on that note, lets go” Amethyst says hopping out of the bed noticing they cleaned her shirt and tie.
“So, have you two kissed yet?” Ms. Alexander asks. 
“Mom, really!?” Amethyst squeaks.
 “That’s a yes,” She concludes.
 Amethyst rolls her eyes and then looks toward Alex, “My iPod? Glad to know to you care! What are you listening to?” She asks. 
“Um…that song by Ke$ha about being a lovesick crack-head” He laughs.
 “Where’s my present?” Amethyst asks Impatiently. 
“Sitting in the living room, Ami” Her mom answers quickly.


“Open the door, you’re presents from me are on the couch,” Ms. Alexander says. Amethyst runs inside and we follow close behind. Oh shit, He thought. On the couch were two things, A new electric guitar, and Amethyst’s father
“That’s your dad Amethyst, he called and said he was flying in and wanted to see how you had grown, I thought it’d be a fun surprise along with the guitar,” Ms. Alexander beamed. Alias knew the look that washed over Amethyst’s face. A mix of anger mixed with terror that turned in to more anger when her father looked at her and said, 
“Daddy’s little girl”. She squeezed her eyes shut. Alias knew that meant her eyes were flashing. “Mom this is great!!!”  She faked joy and enthusiasm flawlessly. She glanced over toward Christophe, Alex and I. We all nodded in unison to a shared thought, you aren’t being left alone with him.
 “Hey mom? Me and Sunny didn’t get to hang out yet so can the guys and I all go hang out with her in the tree house?” She asks innocently. 
“Oh sure! Just be back in time for dinner kids”, she smiles. And with that all four of us are out the door and In the tree house. 
“What are we going to do?” Alex says. Amethyst shrugs, 
“You guys, I know this doesn’t sound like a very normal thing for me to say but…there’s nothing we can do,” she sighs. 
“What are you talking about?” I half growl. 
“He’s my…father. My mom let him into our home and I can’t tell her what happened in Romania. She either won’t believe us or he will kill her and if he kills her…” She stops and breathes in deep 
“lets just say that you guy wont be the only ones stuck here,” she says. We sit in silence for a moment before Alex chimes in, 
“What are we supposed to tell Sunny?” She stares at him, 
“She will know when she needs to.”
Chapter 21:
So do you like strawberry milkshakes too? I do
“Amethyst!?” Her father is yelling her name. She pokes her head out the tree house window and shrugs her shoulders and I watch.
 “Your mom said that we should spend some time together, come with me for a walk would you? If it helps you can bring your friends with you as well,” he yells up. She turns sharply toward the boys. 
“You three should stay here, or go home or…just don’t come with me, okay?” Amethysts asks quietly but seriously. 
“No,” Christophe says faster then she can process.
 “Look, If I go with him and something crazy happens…I can get to you, you would know. If all three of you guys come hes going to ditch you anyways and you know it, I can read his mind, he really just wants to talk and I’ll be back for dinner and cake so just be here for that and I’ll let you all know what happens, okay?” Amethyst says in a way that let them all know that the subject isn’t up for discussion and then climbs down and out of the tree house. What the hell am I getting myself into? She thinks as she stands in front of her father. 
“So how are you kid?” He says sounding totally father-like, Amethyst didn’t give him a chance. “Traumatized by you being here, thank you very much,” she says angrily.
 “Still with that caliber boy? I don’t approve.” He shakes his head and we start walking. At this, Amethyst laughs.
 “Um okay, point one…he isn’t evil. Point two, since when are you in any position to comment on my boyfriend?” He sighs. 
“I am your father, I don’t like him…I forbid you do see him,” He says sternly. She laughs harder and stops walking. 
“Yeah right.” He glares at her with red eyes. He really thinks that I’m going to listen to his commentary on my boyfriend after being out of the picture since shit knows when?  She thinks. “I’m serious, Amethyst Lyell Alexander…you are not allowed to see that boy,” He growls. 
“Some father you’ve been. I will continue seeing him because to be completely honest, I don’t see you as a father…I see you as a crazy person who kidnaps and tries to kill children, human or not,” She says very calmly. 
“I was trying to protect you my child,” He says equally as calmly. 
“From happiness? From humanity?” She asks. “
From yourself, you were never supposed to know what you are…you were supposed to live life as any other kid,” he sighs.
 “But I’m not,” she says. 
“Tell me something, before these three boys wandered into your life, did you ever really think you were so different from most kids?” He asked. 
“Apart from the purple eyes and the tendency to break things, nope,” She sighed. 
“That’s what I wanted, you away from this spiraling death trap! But now you know things and of anybody to be involved with, you get involved with the eldest son of those two-” He stops. She feels her phone vibrate and picks it up automatically, a call from Sunny.
“Hey sis, what’s up?” I say
“Happy birthday!!!!! Are you home?” She asks
“I’m in the backyard in a new tree house, come over?”
“Gimme five minutes” and then she hangs up.
I stare at my dad for a moment knowing that he going to continue trashing Christophe. 
“I’m going home, okay?” She half asks. 
“You know that I’m living in your house for at least a week don’t you?” He replies. Ah fuck! She thinks.
 “Don’t curse; it’s unfit for a lady” He smirks. 
“Get out of my head!!!” She yells and looks around the empty block and flies away.
She gets to the tree house about a minute before Sunny. 
“Happy bir- what’s the matter” she says studying her expression briefly. Amethyst can’t think to slow down at all.
 “My dad is here and wants to kill my boyfriend,” she says in one breath and then leans her back against the wall. “
You’re dad?! What? I thought he like…died or something! Kill Christophe? But he doesn’t even know him or you.” She says.
 “I’m a fallen angel, My dad is a demon, Christophe and his brothers are fallen angels,” She said playing with her hair. 
“I always knew you were 20 types of weird,” she laughs. 
“You believe me?” She asks shocked. 
“Why wouldn’t I? That’s not something you would lie about, even more so because you look so seriously unhappy on your birthday…so what’s the plan?” She asks. 
“No idea,” She sighs.
Sunny is sleeping over, currently talking to Angel on webcam. Cake was awesome and Christophe is leaning against the wall talking to me while I’m zoning out because my dad is sleeping in the guest room downstairs.
 “So I guess you don’t want me here?” He asks me.
 “I do but, my dad is all like ‘ugh’ about you and is so close that I bet he can hear us,” I mumble. Christophe pins me and I squeak. 
“Uh! I’m like in boxers in a tank top and your half naked!” I laugh. 
“Not to mention that I’m still in the room!” Sunny laughs and he jumps. 
“Sorry Sunny,” He blushes and me and Sunny laughs. 
“Eh, whatever,” she mumbles and goes back to talking to Angel, who is also laughing cause I guess he can see us in the background.

June 29th

Dear Journal,
The first day of summer vacation!!!!! Yes! I am officially a sophomore! Yes! 
My dad isn’t here anymore and me and Christophe still go out and I’m still 
Friends with the guys and Sunny and Kitty and what not. This year was so
Crazy I never thought that I would make it to the end of the year to be
Honest we’re supposed to be going to the beach today sooo I ‘m making 
Sandwhiches and hijacking all the fruits from the fridge. My mom really
Does seem to like Christophe, not in the fake way either. The legitimate 
“He seems like a good kid” type of like. Which is really cool cause I’m 
Allowed to go and hang out with him most of the time. Of to the beach,
Later, Amethyst Lyell Alexander

“Later mom!” She yelled while running out the door.
 “Ami!” Sunny and Kitty yelled once she saw her. 
“Beach!” Amethyst responded. 
“Hello ladies” Amethyst recognized Alex’s voice and spun around. 
“Hey Alex, Alias, Christophe and…What’s your name?” Amethyst asks noticing a girl standing next to Alex about his age. 
“This is Noelle, Noelle this is Amethyst, Sunny and Kitty,” He says in his very Alexander way. 
“She’s cute, I approve and really like her hair,” I say and Noelle laughs and Alex smirks. 
The beach is hot crowded and amazingly fun and after two straight hours of swimming Amethyst was content lying on her towel next to Alias. 
“Hey Alias?” She asked even though his eyes were closed. 
“Yeah?” He yawns. 
“What’s the matter?” She asks. 
“Absolutely nothing Ami” He says with a smile. 
“You sure man? You look a little too chill,” She laughed. 
“No such thing as too chill in summer, Ami! Remember?” He laughs and squirts her with his water bottle, laughing. 
“Ugh! I just dried off!” She yelps. “You’re dead!” She says and he takes off running toward the ocean and Amethyst follows close behind. Eventually the sun went down and we had to rush Noelle home, and Amethyst spent the night at the house where the guys lived during the school year.

Three O’ clock am
“Just thought you would want to say goodbye to him and all,” Amethyst hears a voice though her sleep and slowly wakes up. She sees ten long sharp blades in Christophe who has been pushed on to her floor. 
“Dad…and you people…and girl who wants my boyfriend…What. Do. You. Want?” Alias and Alex walk into the room looking emotionless and Amethyst doesn’t know what to feel. 
“We’re going to kill him,” Her father says. Which is when she realizes that she isn’t sleeping and the smell of blood in the room is enough to be highly nauseating. 
“Why aren’t you fighting back?” She cries as she asks Christophe who even though he’s lost pints of blood, is not weakening and looks as if he feels no pain but in his heart. 
“Because I deserve this, my time has come and I still don’t deserve you,” He says sadly, as If the words hurt more than the wounds. Now she is standing. 
“What are you talking about!?” She kicks and punches and bites at the people and  they all fall easily to her power, which is making her vision rainbow neon and the crimson red with rage.  But her father feels nothing. 
“What the hell?” She says. 
“You are highly powerful, but as I am your superior, you can cause no harm to me,” He laughed. “Let them kill me…and promise me you won’t listen to what they tell you,” He says through gritted teeth while having another sharp long blade in his spine. 
“I told you already, this boy is trouble…and now because of him…you have to be hurt,” Her father shakes his head. 
“How about you ask him why you really met? How about you ask him what his parents are? How about you ask him if he really cares about you and not the fact that you could give him all the power he wants? About how he’s the reason that the caliber-” Her father pauses and Christophe sobs and looks up at her with pleading eyes. 
“ENOUGH!!!!!” Alias shouted and everybody turned. 
“Free him, I give you my word…I sacrifice myself in his place,” Alias says calmly and kneels into position to be executed in Christophe’s place. Everyone in the room stops breathing and Christophe mouths
 “Don’t do it” to Alias. 
“Under one condition, the eldest boy promises to tell Amethyst what he did to cause this, and when asked to pay for his sin at a later date, he does so,” her father says. Alias looks upward toward him, 
“As long as she doesn’t have to suffer, I agree” Alias says. They remove the blades from Christophe who is shell shocked and while doing so Amethyst stops crying long enough to ask Alias a question. 
“Why?” Is all she says and he smiles and then laughs. 
“I would do anything for you. Anything for you to be happy and keep your smile…even if it mean I’ll never smile again. I don’t love you…I’m in love with you,” he says. And then the first blade goes in and he’s still smiling.

The End…hope you liked the story XD
