Enigma Squad
The Case of the Old Man in the Mailbox


By Brian Jacobs


Excite Kids Press • Seattle, WA




Copyright © 2010 by Brian C. Jacobs
Smashwords edition
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or 
portions thereof in any form whatsoever. For information, address 
Excite Kids Press, PO Box 2222, Poulsbo WA 98370

www.EnigmaSquad.com

First Excite Kids Press trade paperback printing October 2010
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
ISBN 9781936672073




For my Mackenzie Ruth, 
who continues to show me that children still love to read.




Chapter 1
Return to Sender
Hello. My name is Tyler Pate, and I want to tell you a story, partially because I love telling stories, but mostly because the police need me to document everything that happened these past two weeks. Mom and Dad say my buddies and me are lucky to be alive. I think they’re just overreacting and we weren’t really in any danger. You know how parents are. Actually, I think this could be a whole lot of fun for Scooter, AJ, and me, or maybe even a great business opportunity. Either way, it’s been a pretty exciting couple of weeks for the Enigma Squad.
“What kind of a name is that?” you may ask. Well, a pretty cool one, I’d say. But I’ll get into that a little bit later. Anyway, I haven’t heard any better suggestions, so the name sticks for now. 
You know, I think what makes this story so cool is that Scooter, AJ, and me are just three ordinary kids who happened to be in the right place at the right time, but let me start the story at the beginning. I don’t want to get ahead of myself. First, let me tell you a little bit about the three of us.
AJ Seeva lives two doors down from me in the Westridge housing development here in Silverdale, Washington. I have no clue what the A and J stand for and he won’t tell me. He says it doesn’t stand for anything, but I think he’s just embarrassed. It probably stands for some girly name that would ruin his image. And let me tell you, AJ has “the image.” He’s tall, good-looking, plays practically every sport our Junior High offers, and is well liked by everyone who knows him. I think he could probably go out with any girl he wanted to if he wasn’t so sure he was going to marry my older sister, Tamara. There is only one small problem with that dream of his: my sister is two years older than him, and she would never date anyone who was my friend. Unfortunately she has never told him that directly, and he isn’t exactly catching on very fast. Which brings me to the last thing I need to tell you about AJ: there’s a lot he doesn’t catch on to. Need I say more?
Scooter, on the other hand, is AJ’s opposite. He lives in our neighborhood, too, but on a nearby dead-end street. He also likes to play a little soccer, but those things are about all he and AJ have in common. Scooter’s real name is Sean Parks, but only his parents can get away with calling him Sean. Everyone else gets a long lecture on Christian names and nicknames and surnames and the Roman Empire and how his Great-grand-something-or-other changed ships in the mid-Atlantic and Sean is spelled wrong and I don’t even remember what else. After five minutes of his ranting and raving, all I learned is someone in his family must be Italian and that he REALLY wants to be referred to as Scooter. As you can imagine, I’ve only asked him about it once. 
Except for freaking out over his name, Scooter is very mild-mannered. Nothing seems to get him stirred up, except maybe a complex math problem. Besides being a straight-A student and the skinniest guy in the universe—I mean it; he is the only guy I know who can hide behind a flagpole—Scooter’s an inventing wiz. He comes up with the coolest, craziest ideas for gadgets—and then actually makes them work! Anyway, for a guy who spends half his life tinkering in the garage, he’s pretty wiry. He’s not the athlete that AJ is, but when we played on our junior-high soccer team, Scooter was the one who darted around pestering our opponents. Maybe that’s why he likes to be called Scooter—he never seems to run; he just kind of scoots around and steals the ball from the other team while they wonder “where did that geek just come from?”
Anyway, I think that the three of us have agreed that AJ is really the athletic one, and Scooter is the smart one, and I’m the… well, I’m just me. It’s hard to explain what that means other than the fact that I’m not really good at anything. I don’t say that to put myself down; I just mean that I’m average at everything. Seriously. AJ is tall, Scooter is short, I am right in the middle. Scooter is a genius, AJ is… not, and I’m an A-/B+ student. AJ speaks before he thinks. Scooter thinks before he speaks. Me? Well, I guess I do both at the same time. When we get in a bind, Scooter takes too long to find the right words, AJ will almost always find a way to say the wrong words, and so I’ve learned to think on my feet and talk us out of any jam we get into. Hey! I guess there is one thing I’m really good at: “sweet talking.” Though my dad would probably say my gift is just “talking.”
So I’m a middle-of-the-road kind of guy, and I think that’s why AJ and Scooter hang out with me—I’m just a freaky compilation of parts of both of them, and so there are parts of me that they both can relate to. My other theory is that they don’t have a choice since I live practically next door, but I’ve chosen to ignore that one for fear of crying myself to sleep at night. Oh, one more thing. As you might be able to tell, I do have a knack for sarcasm. This comes naturally when you have an older sister who is in love with herself. So I will do my best to stick to the facts and not give any sarcastic remarks, but I am not making any promises. Anyway, I better get started.

It all began a couple Wednesdays ago when AJ, Scooter, and me were over at Scooter’s house. Come to think of it, we’re always over at Scooter’s house. Scooter has a really high-tech computer that his dad built from scratch, and his mom is always baking us goodies, so where else would we go? Well, on this particular day we were watching wrestling on TV. Scooter was sitting on the couch while AJ and me were demonstrating the new moves we were learning on the living room rug. 
I was just about to attempt a pile driver on AJ’s head when Scooter’s dad marched through the front door waving a couple of letters in his hand.
“You know, I am sick and tired of these stupid letters coming to my house,” he huffed.
“What’s the matter, Dad? More junk mail?” Scooter asked.
“No, actually, it looks like some of these are important bills,” Mr. Parks answered. “The only problem is that they are addressed to a Mr. Stanley P. Mathisen.”
“And the address is correct and everything?” I asked.
“Yes, Tyler, and that is what is so vexing. I have been getting these letters off and on for months, but in the past few days I have received quite a few. I went to the post office, but they said they can’t do much if the mail is being delivered to the address on the letters, there’s no forwarding address for Mr. Mathisen, and the letters are coming from more than one sender.”
“How many would you say you have gotten total?” Scooter asked, curiosity written all over his face.
“Well, I’ve collected a whole basket of them on the corner of my desk since the last time I informed the post office. There are a couple of Yellow Express phone bills, though I was sure they’d stopped doing business in this part of the state, a couple of personal letters, a magazine subscription bill, and a whole lot of junk mail. This Mr. Mathisen could have all the credit cards he wanted if he were receiving his mail!” 
Mr. Parks chuckled at his joke. “I just have to find some time to take the important letters to the post office so they can be returned.”
That got me thinking: it would sure stink to have all those bills that needed to be paid going to the wrong address. At least the bill collectors will be hunting in the wrong place when that time comes!
Mr. Parks left the room, rambling on about the Post Office and addresses and the Federal Government and higher-priced stamps and other higher taxes and Social Security and a bunch of other stuff that I wasn’t listening to. He does that sometimes, and AJ and me pretend to listen only when we eat dinner there.

So on Thursday, the three of us were walking home from school. AJ and me had dropped off our book bags at our respective houses and checked in with our parents, and now the three of us were turning onto the dead-end street where Scooter lived. In the distance we could see a man in a blue windbreaker and black pants hunched over the Parks’ mailbox. He had a full head of silvery hair, and he appeared to be sorting through the mail inside.
“Hey, Scoot! Your dad’s home pretty early for a school night, isn’t he?” AJ smirked. I’m not quite sure, but I think he was trying to make a joke.
“No way, AJ,” Scooter said matter-of-factly, “that’s not my dad.”
“Then someone is messing with your mail; that’s a federal offense!” AJ explained. (I’m not entirely sure how he knew that, but I can guess. He said it like it was a line straight from some TV courtroom drama.)
“Hey, what are you doing?” AJ yelled as he ran down the street.
The man slammed the mailbox door and ran towards the back of Scooter’s house with AJ in hot pursuit, while Scooter and me quickly fell behind. The man looked fairly old and didn’t move that quickly, but he had a very long head start on AJ and disappeared behind the house long before AJ even got to Scooter’s mailbox. By the time we got to the backyard, there was no sign of anybody.
“Well, he probably went into the woods,” Scooter said, out of breath, pointing to the thick trees that lined the north end of his grassy yard. “Unless you’re on a trail, those woods are pretty dark and dense. I’m sure that guy is long gone or well-hidden by now.”
“What do you suppose he was doing?” I asked.
“That was probably that Mathisen guy coming to pick up his mail!” AJ laughed. 
“Actually, AJ, you could very well be right,” Scooter said, with his “thinking face” on. 
Whenever he sank into deep thoughts, Scooter would make this face where one side of his mouth would frown while the other side would smile. I would show you what it looks like but I can’t do it. Believe me, I’ve tried. 
“Maybe he is Stanley Mathisen,” Scooter continued. “Maybe he’s a transient and is just using our address as a place that he can receive mail. Maybe he usually grabs his mail right after it gets delivered most days; hence, no one has ever seen him before. And the letters that Dad has at the house are from times when Mr. Mathisen could not get to the mailbox without being seen before someone in my family got there. Today he just happened to pick a bad time, and we showed up while he was looking for his mail.”
“But what about the phone bills your dad had?” I asked. “How many bums do you know who have a phone?”
“Yeah, you’re right. That part puzzles me.” Scooter scratched his head.
Well, if Scooter was puzzled, you can probably imagine how AJ and me felt. We both looked at each other, shrugged our shoulders, and headed for Scooter’s back door. Scooter continued to stare out toward the woods for a few more seconds and then followed us inside for our daily after-school raid of the kitchen.

When we walked in the back door, I knew immediately what we were going to have for an afternoon snack. The smell wafted throughout the entire downstairs—chocolate chip cookies! In the kitchen, we saw Mrs. Parks putting another batch of freshly baked cookies on aluminum foil on the counter. We each grabbed a hot cookie off the foil almost simultaneously, and to our surprise and Mrs. Parks’ chagrin, half of each cookie stayed on the sheet.
“Well, aren’t you boys hungry,” she said with a scowl. “I wish you would have waited till they cooled a bit. Now just look at the mess you’re making.”
Scooter had melted chocolate all over his fingers and chin. “Sorry we messed up the flawless geometry, Mom!” We all laughed; the counter had perfect rows and columns of cookies except for the three gooey messes we’d just made.
“Hey, Mrs. P, guess who we just saw outside at the mailbox?” AJ said, with his mouth half full of cookie.
Scooter’s eyes got big, and he gave AJ a quick elbow in the ribs as he interrupted, “Yeah, Mom, we just saw Stanley Mathisen checking our mail!” He let out a huge fake laugh and with his eyes encouraged us to do the same.
Mrs. Parks frowned. “Now, boys, that’s not very funny. This Stanley fellow is probably in serious trouble unless we get him his mail. How would you feel if people were trying to find you, but couldn’t?”
Scooter tugged at AJ and me as he started out of the kitchen. “Yeah, you’re right, Mom, that wasn’t very funny.” He looked directly at AJ. “It was definitely the WRONG thing to say. We’re sorry.” And with that we headed around the corner and upstairs to Scooter’s room.




Chapter 2
Calling All Locksmiths
Once the three of us were in his room, Scooter quickly shut the door behind us and glared at AJ. “What were you doing?!”
Even though he is much bigger, AJ cowered away from the wiry Scooter. “I was just trying to make conversation. What’s the big deal?”
“The big deal?” Scooter snapped back. “Were you also going to tell her about chasing the guy back into the woods? What do you think she would have done if she didn’t think that we were joking just then? She would have told my dad, and he would never let us get within a mile of those woods until the police department had gone over them with a fine-toothed comb!” He finished his tirade by pointing out the window to the woods beyond the backyard.
“Don’t you think that would be overreacting?” AJ rebutted.
“C’mon, AJ. You know my mom. Don’t you remember the ‘Urpy’ incident?”
“Urpy” is Scooter’s three-year-old brother. His real name is Wyatt. Scooter nicknamed him “Earp” after the famous cowboy Wyatt Earp because the kid was making gun noises from the moment he could talk. Earp eventually became Urpy, and the name has stuck ever since. 
Well, one day Mrs. Parks had her hands full with trying to get laundry done, getting dinner started, and keeping Wyatt from breaking anything, so she asked the three of us boys to keep an eye on him while we were playing catch in the backyard. After a while, we got bored with just playing catch, so we decided to head over to AJ’s house to play video games. Since we were assigned babysitting duty, we took Urpy with us. 
Well, apparently Mrs. Parks had gotten so preoccupied with all the stuff she was doing around the house that she forgot she had left him in our care. When she realized how quiet it was in the house, she panicked and went outside looking and yelling for Wyatt. Of course, none of us could hear her because we were a couple blocks away playing video games. Mrs. Parks became hysterical and called the police, thinking either her son had been kidnapped or had wandered deep into the woods behind the house.
About that time, we came back to the house, and a relieved and embarrassed Mrs. Parks had to call the police back and have them cancel the search-and-rescue mission.
As we all giggled to ourselves at the memory, Scooter brought us back to the present. “Besides, don’t you think it would be a fun mystery to figure out who that guy is?”
“Yeah,” AJ piped up, sarcasm in his voice, “that would be loads of fun. What are we gonna do, stake out a nursing home?” 
“Maybe we can set up surveillance of the mailbox and catch him in the act,” Scooter suggested. “I have some ideas for some camera mounts I’ve been wanting to try.”
“Or maybe we can call some of the companies that he owes money to and find out how long he’s had this address,” I said.
“Good idea,” Scooter said. “Plus, I really want to know why he’s receiving phone bills here, especially since I don’t know anyone in this neighborhood who still uses Yellow Express. We switched to Interbay years ago. I actually thought Yellow Express went out of business.”
“Apparently not,” I remarked.
“Do you really think that man is Stanley Mathisen?” AJ asked.
“There is only one way to find out!” Scooter said with a smile.

We spent that afternoon looking for clues about Stanley P. Mathisen. We didn’t really feel right about opening up his mail, so we did what we could with the information we had from the outside of the envelopes. 
Scooter gave us each a task. He got on the internet, looking for any records of a Stanley P. Mathisen who lived in Silverdale, Washington. I was in charge of looking up numbers in the phone book to call all of the businesses who were sending mail to the mystery man. And AJ got the boring but easy job of watching the woods with binoculars for any movement or clue as to where the old man had disappeared.
After an hour I had had enough. I turned to talk to AJ. He was still at the window sill, but the binoculars were in his lap and he lay there fast asleep. I turned back to Scooter. “Poor guy. I think we bored him to sleep.”
“Well, he is probably having a more productive afternoon than I am,” Scooter said. “I’ve searched all over the Web and found lots of Stanley Mathisens, but none of them live around here or have any sort of tie to Silverdale or our address.” His computer screen flickered, and a message box popped up. “And now my internet connection is going all wonky. Great. How about you, Tyler, any luck?”
I was just as empty-handed as he was. “Nope, not really. I called the phone company and they aren’t allowed to give out any personal information. All of the catalogs he’s receiving are companies that got his address off a mailing list that was sold to them, which means he probably signed up for one magazine or something and his address was sold to all the other places by that company. 
“He also has what looks like some bills from a jeweler in California, a locksmith in Chicago, and the Jungle Furniture Company—I don’t know which city they’re in. I only have this local phone book, so I won’t be able to find a phone number for any of these three.”
“Well,” Scooter said, “my computer appears to be down for the count, so you’ll have to check this stuff out on your computer when you get home. The California jeweler thing will probably not give us much… maybe a date of purchase, but that could be helpful. Keep trying to get a phone number for that address. The furniture company is probably just trying to sell him an extended warranty or something, so I bet that’s a dead end. I think our best clue is this locksmith in Chicago. Why would an old man in Washington need the services of a locksmith in Chicago? Get a number for him, and we’ll give him a call tomorrow.”
“Alright, I’ll do my best,” I said.
Sometime during the conversation, AJ must have woken up. “So I guess we are officially detectives, huh, guys?”
“Yeah, AJ,” I said with sarcasm, “three kids trying to find some old man who supposedly shares a mailbox with Scooter. C’mon, we don’t even have a case. You gotta admit, this is really just curiosity.”
“If I were a betting man, Tyler,” Scooter said with a smirk, “I’d bet most detectives were once upon a time merely curious boys!”
We all smiled as we filed out of the room and stormed downstairs to do a real investigation—discovering what Scooter would be eating for dinner and whether AJ and me should invite ourselves over.

Well, that night I couldn’t sleep. After supper, I combed the internet and found the phone number for the locksmith in Chicago, whose name was Brett Hull, and the three of us agreed that I would call him before school the next day, knowing it would be two hours later in Chicago because of the difference in time zones. But what was I supposed to say to him? Ask him if he knew a Stanley P. Mathisen now living in Washington State? Tell him we have mail for the guy from his company? Tell him he’s sending mail to a mystery man we suspect lives in my friend’s backyard? I felt dumber the longer I pondered the craziness of it. I finally dozed off, playing the possible conversation over and over in my mind.

Surprisingly, I woke up rather refreshed the next day. Somewhere in the night, I had decided to try the blunt approach and just ask the guy if he knew a Mr. Mathisen who lived out here on the West Coast. I decided to just ask him if he knew him personally or if he did business with him. My defense was that if (or when) he asked why I wanted to know, I would simply inform him that my friend had received this letter addressed to Mr. Mathisen and we were just really concerned whether it was sent to the right address or not. 
I skipped my routine bowl of cereal and settled on a granola bar for breakfast to give me more time to talk on the phone. The bus would be at my stop in about fifteen minutes. 
A man answered the phone as if he had just woken up: “Hullo?” I suddenly worried that maybe he didn’t work on Fridays. But I soon realized he sounded that way all the time.
“Hello there. Is this Mr. Hull?” I was so nervous my voice was shaking. I don’t know why, though—there were over a thousand miles between me and the voice on the other end. But I was feeling paranoid.
“Yeah, that’s me. What can I do for ya?”
I got my real voice back and tried to sound confident. “Mr. Hull, my name is Tyler Pate, and I live in Silverdale, Washington. Do you know a Stanley Mathisen who may be living out here?”
“Did you say Stanley Mathisen, son?” he asked quickly.
Well, I felt a little better now, at least my voice had stopped squeaking enough for him to realize I was a boy. “Yes, Sir. I think he lives down the street from me.”
“Yes, I know him. He was an old college buddy of mine. We lost touch for a while until recently, when we started writing each other again. How’s the old coot doing these days?”
“Well,” I replied, “I don’t really know, Mr. Hull. I was hoping you could tell me!”
“Me tell you? You’re the one living next door to him. What kind of neighbor are you, anyway?” he huffed.
Back to the straightforward approach. “Well, Sir, I have never really met Mr. Mathisen officially. You see, a letter from you showed up at my friend’s house and we’re trying to get the address correct so your friend, Mr. Mathisen, could get the mail you worked so hard to write.” I think I probably poured on the charm a little too thick there, but I had to go with whatever came to my head.
“Oh, I see. Well, let me get my address book and check the address again.” I could hear him set the phone on something, and then it was silent for minute. 
Suddenly Brett Hull’s voice came on again. “All right, I got it here… 473 Mountain View Court, Silverdale, Washington, 98383. Is that what I put on the letter? I probably put down 743 or something. I get kinda backwards when it comes to numbers.”
“The address here is just as you read it off to me,” I said.
The man was perplexed. “Hmmm, that’s strange, ’cause I know he got my other letters. He replied to them already. Uh, did your friend just move into his house? Maybe Stanley’s letters aren’t being forwarded correctly, you think?”
I had as many questions as he did. “I don’t know what’s going on, Mr. Hull. My friend has lived at that address for years. We think maybe Mr. Mathisen is actually using my friend’s mailbox to get his mail, or something weird like that.”
“That just couldn’t be possible,” the locksmith insisted. “Stanley told me all about the nice house he was living in over there. There’s gotta be another explanation for this.”
“I know, Sir, this does seem strange. What else did he tell you about living in Washington?”
Brett Hull then went on to talk for a good five minutes about all the stuff that Stanley had written in his letters: fishing in the beautiful Washington lakes, swimming in the Pacific, his job as a night auditor at a local motel, his favorite Italian restaurant on the corner, and lots more.
Finally, I built up the courage to interrupt his rambling. “Mr. Hull, I hate to cut this short, but I really must get going. I have to catch the school bus.”
It was an awkward conversation that just got more awkward as we tried to say goodbye. He told me his grandson was teaching him how to use e-mail, so I gave him my e-mail address and told him he could write me, and he said he would, but only if I promised to write him the moment I figured out where Stanley was.
I hung up the phone, hurried to put my books in my backpack, and scurried out the door. As I waited for the bus to round the corner, I couldn’t help but shake my head. I did not know which was more sad: the fact that some lonely old man had made up all kinds of stuff and sent stories in letters to impress an old college buddy, or that his friend was so clueless that he couldn’t distinguish between reality and a good old fish story. All I knew was that now I was determined to find Mr. Mathisen and ask him some questions myself.

Well, on the bus ride to school I filled in AJ and Scooter on the whole conversation and we all agreed on my assessment that Mr. Mathisen must be a lonely man, wanting his friends to think he was better off than he really was. We also agreed on one other thing—we had a lot to do when school was out!
School seemed to go on for eternity that day, but, like we hoped AJ would do at the end of the year, it did eventually pass. So we once again found ourselves at four o’clock up in Scooter’s bedroom, munching on fresh-baked snacks and relaxing from a hard day at school. (Yeah, right—I’m just kidding, school was easy.)
Scooter was checking his e-mail while AJ and me stretched out on the bed and tried to throw balled-up socks through the moving ceiling fan without touching it. If you didn’t throw it just right, the ceiling fan would catch the sock and bat it across the room. The socks would usually land near or on the dirty clothes hamper. 
When I actually made a basket in the hamper, the game quickly changed to trying to hit the fan to make a basket. The game lasted about ten minutes—that’s how long it took to empty Scooter’s sock drawer and totally trash his room. 
As we got up to pick up the socks strewn across the room (Scooter’s pretty uptight about keeping his room clean), Scooter wheeled back from his computer.
“Well, I didn’t get any e-mail, but I found the furniture store online. Tyler, did you find anything interesting about them when you did your digging?”
“Nah. Looks like they sell mostly do-it-yourself-type furniture. Maybe Mathisen is looking to upgrade his furniture in his treehouse? Just kidding. Anyway, speaking of e-mail,” I remembered, “can I check mine and see if Mr. Hull happened to write me?”
Scooter jumped out of his seat and let me in front of the computer. I had two new messages. One was from a girl at school who I had asked to join me to watch the district track meet coming up. The subject of the e-mail said, “Sorry I can’t make it!” Well, I wasn’t very anxious to open up the e-mail and read her excuse why she couldn’t go, so I skipped it and went to the second. It was from Mr. Hull! Apparently he had figured out how to send an e-mail. It read:

Dear Tyler,
My grandson set up an e-mail account for me, so now I am “on-line” as the kids say. It was very pleasant talking to you, and I hope maybe we can be penpals—or rather, keyboard pals. (Ha Ha) Well, write back if you want to. I would love to hear what you think of your Seattle Mariners out there. They are pounding my Chicago White Sox this week. Do you like baseball, Tyler? What other sports do you watch? 
Well anyway, I will let you go. You told me you had not met my friend Stanley, so I am sending you a recent picture of him that he mailed to me a while back. My grandson somehow took the photo I have and stuck it in this e-mail. Can you believe what they can do with a computer these days?
Take Care,
Brett

I quickly opened the attachment and told the guys to come look. I wanted all of us to see the unveiling of our mysterious mailbox-mate at the same time. Three seconds later, we were staring at a man who looked to be in his sixties holding up a fish the size of a baseball bat. We all looked at each other in agreement. Although we had not seen him from very close, we were pretty sure that the man grinning from ear to ear with a fish in his hand was the same man using Scooter’s mailbox.




Chapter 3
Jingle All the Way
“Well, at least now we are pretty sure that someone else’s mail is coming here on purpose. And based on that someone’s immediate reaction—running—when spotted, combined with the trajectory of that run—straight back behind my house—and the ease with which he avoided detection once he reached his target destination, we can reasonably assume that that someone likes to hang out in my backyard woods,” Scooter said matter-of-factly.
AJ grinned as he added, “Yeah, someone named Stanley P. Mathisen!”
Leave it to AJ to state the obvious.
I had so many questions running through my mind. If this guy lived in Scooter’s woods, how was he mailing letters to his friend in Chicago? And how did he travel to whatever body of water was in that picture? And what did he do with that huge fish he caught? These questions did not have obvious answers, so I asked one that I thought needed to be answered real quick: “So what do we do now?”

“Well so far we have only seen him run into the woods, right?” Scooter asked.
AJ and me answered in unison, “Right.”
“So, technically, the only reason we think he stayed in the woods is because that is where we last saw him, correct?”
“Right, Scooter,” I said, “But we have heard stories from kids on the bus about an old man who roams those woods at night. I know we laughed them off as ghost stories, but maybe those stories are true and this is the guy they saw.” I tapped the picture of Stanley Mathisen still on the computer monitor for a little extra emphasis.
“I see where you are going with this, Tyler, but all we really know for sure is that he comes around my house to get his mail and he probably knows the woods pretty well because he uses them as an escape route.” Scooter pointed out into the backyard. “For all we know, he could be staying anywhere, and he just happens to get from Point A to Point B through those woods.”
“And he just happens to have a thing for Scooter’s mailbox!” AJ said, amusing himself.
Not giving AJ the satisfaction of even a snicker, I went on, “Well, let me ask you this, Scooter.”
“Yeah?”
“The next housing development is—what—a quarter-mile away? And it’s all woods between here and there. I know we have spent plenty of time back in those woods over the years, but wouldn’t you concede that the Titanic could be hidden somewhere in those woods and we wouldn’t even know it?”
“So what’s your point?” Scooter was beginning to sound frustrated.
“My point is that he could be living in your woods and all those ‘stories’ could be true. That’s all I am saying!”
“And all I am saying is, let’s not jump to any major conclusions yet. Let’s go with what we know.” 
A little side note: That phrase is one of my pet peeves. It seems like Scooter’s favorite thing to say is “Let’s go with what we know.” It drives me nuts, but he is usually right. I try and connect the dots way too quickly and then find out that some of the dots were actually crumbs from breakfast. Scooter, on the other hand, likes to collect his thoughts. Sometimes I just wish his thoughts were a little closer to each other so it wouldn’t take so long to do the collecting.
AJ, man of action that he is, was getting antsy, too. “So what do we do now? We know he uses your mailbox. We could boobytrap your mailbox with some paintballs or something, so when he opens it up he’ll be covered in paint. And we could use really bright paint, so we can find him even if he lives deep in the woods!”
The mental picture gave all of us a chuckle.
“There are a couple problems with your plan, AJ,” Scooter said. “Firstly, the mailman has to get in the mailbox. Secondly, we would have to make sure my parents don’t check the mail while the box is boobytrapped. If either the mailman or one of my parents stumbled into our trap, I am sure I would be grounded until I graduate college. And besides, I don’t think Mr. Mathisen will be checking the mail anytime soon. He was almost caught the last time, and I am sure he will be lying low for a while.”
“Well, I don’t know how, but I would really like to catch up with Mr. Mathisen,” I jumped in, “if for no other reason than because I want to ask him where he sleeps at night and how he managed to avoid being seen getting into your mailbox until yesterday.”
“Yes, I agree. I have no hard feelings toward him. His use of our mailbox is no big deal, either. I think my juvenile curiosity is the sole motivation for wanting to find him.”
“Did you just say ‘juvenile curiosity’?” I asked with a chuckle. “Scoot, you are a nerd.”
“Yeah, and how about ‘sole motivation’?” AJ grinned. “Sounds like an Eighties band.”
“Sorry, guys,” Scooter chuckled, “I got carried away there with the vocab we’re working on in English class. All I am saying is, my curiosity is killing me. Things just don’t quite add up, and when things don’t add up, it eats at me.”
If only he knew how many more times things wouldn’t add up and how much trouble his curiosity would get us in.
“We have two options,” he continued, “either we go and find him, or we give him a reason to find us.”
“Well, as I said before, that’s a lot of woods to search,” I said. “It would be like finding a needle in a haystack when the needle’s trying to hide from you. So what could we do to make him want to find us?”
We all just sat there in silence for a while. Then AJ spoke up. “I guess we could make flyers telling Mr. Mathisen we have his mail and post them on telephone poles throughout the neighborhood?” I’m not sure if he was trying to be funny or serious.
“Actually, I have a better idea!” Scooter said as he stood up, and before we knew it, he was out the door and headed down the stairs. When AJ and me got downstairs, we found Scooter rummaging through the closet, pulling yarn out of his mother’s crotchet kit. He looked up as we neared.
Scooter continued, “I don’t know why he would come back around this house after the scare AJ gave him, but I just have this hunch that he will. So if and when he does we will know it.”
AJ and me looked at each other a little puzzled, but Scooter had a little half-smile on his face and a twinkle in his eye, which told us that he was up to something. It’s the face he always gets when he has a “spectacular brainchild,” as he would say.
Scooter went on to explain his plan. Then, it took us a little over an hour to set it all up. Scooter first ransacked his mother’s yarn closet (he said she had so much yarn she would never even miss it), and then we went to the garage and dug out the Christmas decorations. Scooter found a huge wreath made entirely of jingle bells, and he had AJ and me take it apart by unraveling the large wire that held all the bells in place. It was kind of fun until Scooter informed us that we would have to put it back together later. Then, he said, “Off to the backyard!”
Let me explain a little bit about the layout of Scooter’s yard so you understand the plan. The front yard is a very small patch of grass next to the driveway leading up to the garage. There is an eight-foot strip of grass that runs down each side of the house and connects to the backyard.  But once you get to the backyard, you are now standing on Mr. Parks’ pride and joy, what he likes to call “The Lawn.” 
We like to call it our football field. It is almost a perfect rectangle of grass that runs the full length of the back of the house and then some, perfect for football—we just make the end zone lines where the house ends.
The yard goes back from the house about fifty feet before you hit the treeline. So you can guess where out-of-bounds is. (“That was a nice diving catch, but sorry, you were out of bounds! Here, let me unwrap you from those fir branches.”) Anyway, if you are standing on the back porch you can see that the first thirty feet of trees are mostly fir and madrone, so the woods aren’t very thick at first, but then after that you start to get into much more dense pine and fir, where the sun barely gets through, let alone anything else.
On the right and left, you will find what they call green-belts, which are like fences made of trees and bushes. They are about thirty feet wide and separate Scooter’s yard from his neighbors’ yards. Unfortunately, Mr. Parks has let them stay natural for way too long, especially the green-belt over on the left side of the yard. Over the years, blackberry bushes have gotten a mind of their own and basically exploded from the treeline and moved all the way up to the edge of the lawn. 
So now, instead of relatively painless trees and shrubs, there is a wall of thorny blackberries that runs the full width of the football end zone. In some places, the blackberry vines are taller than I am! Although they’re great for picking berries in the summer, it stinks when you have to mow the lawn on that edge, not to mention running out the back of the end zone playing football. 
So back to the yarn and jingle bells.  Scooter took us out into the woods among the fir and madrone and had us weave the yarn in and out and around all the trees at about knee level, so if you were to look down at the woods from above, it would look like a gigantic spiderweb. We used up two big rolls of yarn, starting at the front treeline and going back as far back as we could without running into the thicker woods. AJ went to the right until he ran up against the neighbors’ woods, and I went as far left as I could without poking myself on some blackberries.
Then Scooter came in behind us and tied jingle bells to pieces of yarn throughout the woods, so there were jingle bells hanging everywhere about eighteen inches off the ground. Oh, you should have seen it!
Standing on the lawn, looking at the woods, AJ spoke up, “I see now! In the dark you won’t be able to see the yarn, and nobody can enter your woods without making a whole lot of Christmas noise!”
I said, “And I don’t know if you planned it this way, Scooter, but I think we put the yarn just high enough that a grown man will trip on it but any critters will pass under it without making a sound.” 
“That’s right,” Scooter said. “Tonight I’ll hang out at my window and be the lookout while you two sit on the back porch with the light out. The second we hear jingle bells, you two flick on the back porch light, which should pretty well illuminate the whole backyard and most of the woods. If we see him, then you two go chase him. If you can’t catch him, at least I should be able to see where he goes from my lookout window.
“I’ll try and help give directions the best I can from up there,” he said, pointing up at his second-story bedroom window. “We’ll use my walkie-talkies to coordinate our efforts.”
AJ and me agreed it sounded like a great plan and we decided to meet in the backyard after supper at around 8 p.m. It would start getting dark around then, and I knew by that time I would have the dishes done. Or better yet, somehow trick my sister into doing them. Either way, the date was set for eight.




Chapter 4
Vanishing Act
It took a little convincing to get my sister to take my turn at doing the dishes after supper. I reminded her that I knew about her secret crush on Bobby Jenkins from Math class, and she decided that doing dishes was a small price to pay in order to keep it secret. I was out my front door by 7:30, and AJ and me were on Scooter’s back porch in our ninja uniforms by 7:50.
We didn’t know the first thing about karate or any real martial arts stuff, but we were wearing all the black clothes we owned and we figured that was good enough to make us at least half-ninja. We had our walkie-talkie volume set very low, just loud enough to hear Scooter barking instructions from his perch in his bedroom window above us.
“All right, fellas,” he said, “remember, we don’t want to cause Mr. Mathisen any harm; we just want to corner him so we can ask him some questions.” 
“So what should we say to try and get him to stop running away from us?” I whispered back.
“I would just yell out his name, and that ought to freeze him in his tracks, if only for a moment.” Scooter replied.
“Alright, Scoot, let’s go to radio silence for a while.”
“Ten-four,” he said, and then the radio went silent.
AJ and me sat in near silence on the lawn chairs on the back porch for what seemed like a couple hours, but it was probably closer to forty-five minutes. The wind rushing though the treetops almost lulled me to sleep. Only an occasional distant dog barking kept me from dozing off completely.
Scooter came back on the radio. “What do you guys think? Should we call it a night and try again Saturday?”
AJ would have none of it. “No way! My parents said I could be out until 11 p.m., and I am not going home a second before that.”
I knew my mom was a little more “involved in the parenting process” than AJ’s parents were (eleven o’clock is pushing it with her, even on a Friday), especially since my dad was currently out to sea with the Navy. But I didn’t want to be the one to crash the party, so I kept my mouth shut.
“All right, fine by me,” Scooter whispered back on the radio, “I’ll stay as long as you guys do.” He chuckled into the walkie-talkie. Of course he would stay as long as we would. The difference is he would be sitting comfortably in his bedroom while we had to be perfectly quiet sitting in the dark with a chilly breeze that still hadn’t figured out it was supposed to be spring already. Plus, I could have sworn there was a screw that was working its way loose from my lawn chair and burrowing into my left leg.
Suddenly jingle bells started ringing. In the stillness of the night, the chorus of jingle bells was much louder than I thought it would be. This experiment might wake up the whole neighborhood! 
AJ flicked on the back porch light. Now the whole backyard was aglow with light. I grabbed the walkie-talkie and jumped up. More bells were clanging now. AJ and me could clearly see a man on his knees in the far left corner near the blackberry bushes. He was having a heck of a time trying to untangle himself from the yarn. 
We sprinted across the lawn. Scooter screamed over the radio, “He’s over by the blackberries!”
“I know! We can see him!” I huffed as we neared the treeline.
More bells jingled as Mathisen struggled toward the dense woods. He had only fifteen feet to go. If he got that far, we knew we would never find him again. 
When we got to the woods, AJ and me encountered the first flaw in our plan. Although the light lit up the backyard fairly well and allowed us to see a six-foot man clambering through the woods, it did not help much at seeing all the yarn we had laid out for our boobytrap. 
As I jumped over the first piece of yarn, I landed squarely on the next. I crashed to the ground. My flailing arms caught AJ’s ankle, and he toppled headfirst in front of me. The bells really jingled now. As we untangled ourselves, Scooter came back on the radio, “He just went behind that big madrone tree. He is out of my line of sight!”
AJ and me scanned the woods. The old man was nowhere to be seen. I started in the direction we had last seen the man, but AJ grabbed me by the shirt and stopped me. “Hold still and listen.”
As we stood and listened in the silence, we realized just that—it was silent. After about ten more seconds of listening, I got back on the walkie-talkie. “Scooter, do you see any more movement?”
Scooter replied, “No, nothing. For all I know, he’s standing right behind that tree. I haven’t taken my eyes off it since he ducked behind it.”
“Which tree is that?”
“It’s at your ten o’clock, Tyler. The tree is about twenty inches wide and about ten feet from the edge of the thicker woods.”
I turned a little to my left and immediately knew which tree he was talking about because all the other trees were way too skinny for a person to hide behind. Even that one would have been tough, but I thought if Mathisen turned sideways, he might fit. But from our vantage point, we could see the backside of the tree, and there was no old man in sight. 
AJ and me slowly high-stepped our way to the tree, trying not to kick any more jingle bells. When we reached the tree, our conclusion was the same: still no old man. I radioed back to Scooter as I put my hand on the tree. “It was this tree, right?”
Scooter replied, frustration in his voice, “Yes! That is where I last saw him. He went behind that tree and didn’t come out.”
“Well, two seconds later, the bells stopped ringing,” I said. “There is no way he could have made it back into the dense woods without making any more noise.”
“Or without us seeing him,” AJ added.
AJ and me stood there puzzled for a minute until Scooter appeared at the back porch with a high-beam flashlight. Scooter “jingled” his way over to us through the maze of yarn and bells and immediately turned on the flashlight, shining it straight up into the trees. 
“Well, we know he could not have made it back to the dense woods. And if he had gotten over to those blackberry bushes, he would be making all kinds of other noise, so he must have climbed a tree,” he reasoned.
We nodded in agreement and followed the flashlight beam with our eyes as Scooter scanned the branches above us. After about five minutes of seeing nothing, we gave up.
AJ was the first to speak up. “I don’t know about you guys, but this is freaking me out!”
“It’s as if he vanished into thin air,” I said.
Scooter was trying to keep a cool head. “Once again, things just don’t add up. How could some old guy just disappear?”
No one offered an answer or explanation, probably because any answer we could give wouldn’t explain much. All I knew was this Mathisen guy had just reached a new all-time high for Mysterious.

Chapter 5
Right Under Our Noses
The weekend was rather uneventful. After sleeping in until almost 10 a.m. Saturday morning, I moseyed on over to Scooter’s house and found AJ and Scooter were already tearing down our jingle bell trap. Apparently, Mrs. Parks was a little irritated at Scooter for having disassembled her Christmas wreath. It was a good thing she wasn’t upset about the yarn too, because it was definitely not reusable by the time we had it untangled from the trees. 
Like most projects that Scooter takes on, it took us massively more time to put the wreath back together than it took to take it apart.  We spent the majority of Saturday afternoon in his garage trying to wire all the jingle bells back together in a big circle. I went home that night with a “ringing” headache. 
Sunday, I didn’t see Scooter or AJ, since I was busy with church for the majority of the day. 
Monday was pretty uneventful, too. Scooter had to go with his family after school to his little brother’s swimming lessons. So I hung out with AJ at his house and wasted the afternoon playing his new flight simulator video game and speculating how Mr. Mathisen could have disappeared into thin air like he did Friday night.
Well, I had a real hard time sleeping Monday night. I had played video games way too long—every time I closed my eyes I saw jet planes zipping around. And I kept thinking about where that old man could have disappeared to in the woods. Pretty soon, I was seeing jet planes flying through the woods with Mathisen in the cockpit of each one! 
I tossed and turned in my bed like I was on the junior-high wrestling team, and despite the fact that I had my ceiling fan on, I was sweating like crazy. Somewhere in the dark, I heard jingle bells start ringing, and I saw from across the lawn the old man tangled up in the yarn, just like he had been on Friday night. The bells started getting louder and louder, and a fog was settling into the woods so that the man was becoming blurrier and blurrier. The bells kept getting louder and louder and more in rhythm, and the woods were becoming more and more of a blur until with a simple click, the ringing stopped. A sharp pain shot through my right foot. I awoke with a jump to find my mom squeezing my toes—really hard.
She smiled as I jerked my foot away from her grasp. “You know, Tyler, if you’re so tired that your alarm won’t even wake you up, then maybe you shouldn’t stay out so late with your friends.”
I tried to shake off the morning mumbles and give her a coherent answer. “The alarm must not have gone off, Mom. I must have set it for p.m. again.”
My mom just laughed. “Oh, no, it went off for a good five minutes. I finally had to come in here and turn it off myself.”
“Really? I was dreaming about bells ringing in the woods, but I thought it was just a dream.”
“No, Sir, the alarm was going off right next to your head, and you didn’t even stir. I think we may have to have a talk with your dad regarding curfew. I don’t think you are getting enough sleep.”
I knew if Dad had his way, my curfew would be sometime shortly after supper, and he would also find it a good idea for me to get up at the crack of dawn, when he began work, and start studying then. 
“After all, that’s when the mind works at its best,” he’d say. I had heard it all before, and I did not want him to have a justifiable reason for implementing either of those crazy ideas. So I jumped up and out of bed to try and fake that I was well-rested.
“No, Mom, that won’t be necessary. I’m getting enough sleep; it was just a dream that seemed a little too real. If anything, I now know I can’t eat chocolate before I go to bed.”
“What?” she exclaimed. “You had chocolate before bed? Well, did you at least brush your teeth, Son?”
I’m glad I had my back to her as I headed out of the room towards the shower; she would have really had a cow if she’d seen me rolling my eyes at her. If it wasn’t one thing, it was another. 
“Mom, I am going to be just fine. And so are my teeth.” I shut the door to the bathroom and the conversation and started the water for my shower.
Although I was tired, the day still seemed to fly by pretty quickly, mainly because it was Tuesday. Tuesdays are always great days for me because we get to play tackle football after school. At the beginning of the school year, there were quite a few of us kids who wanted to try out for the football team, but our parents wouldn’t let us. Each one of us was given the same lame excuse that football is too violent and our parents were scared that we might get hurt. So pretty soon, all of us football rejects started a weekly Tuesday game of two-hand-touch football in Scooter’s nicely manicured backyard.
Well, if you have ever played “touch” football before, you know it doesn’t stay that way for long. Pretty soon someone “touches” someone else a little hard, and then every play becomes a harder “two-handed touch” than the one before until everyone is essentially playing tackle football. Somehow, the word got out to our parents that we were playing tackle football every Tuesday. (I am guessing it was Joel Mezick who ratted us out, but only because he couldn’t explain why he came home with a black eye.) To our surprise, our parents agreed that it would be OK to continue playing tackle football on Tuesdays as long as we did it under the watchful eye of Scooter’s mom. So that’s what we do. I find it funny that my mother won’t let me go and get in a dogpile with a bunch of boys with pads and helmets on, but she will let me knock heads with a bunch of rowdy boys with no protection. Go figure.
Well, this Tuesday we didn’t have a very good turnout. The junior-high band had their big spring concert coming up, so a lot of kids were still at practice. Eight of us sat on the back porch and talked while we waited to see if anyone else would show up late. 
After about fifteen minutes, Sammy Cordova spoke up, “It looks like no one else is going to show up, so let’s pick teams and play.” We quickly chose sides and proceeded to dogpile, scramble, and victory dance the afternoon away.
At about 5 p.m., the team that Scooter and me were on was beating AJ’s team by a score of 77 to 63. (Normally, AJ’s too busy with real sports to play, but he was here because our school’s track team didn’t make it to the district competition, so their season was over.) We had a good two-touchdown lead, but they had the ball and were quickly moving down the field. I think we were all pretty tired—I know I was; it takes a lot of effort to beat AJ. 
AJ was the quarterback (of course), and I could see it in his eyes that he was thinking end zone all the way. Joel hiked the ball. Sammy sprinted for the end zone over near the blackberries. I was playing Safety and inched my way towards Sammy in the corner of the end zone. You see, the secret to the Safety position is to stay just far enough away from the receiver that the quarterback thinks he can throw the ball fast enough that it will reach the receiver before you get there, but you need to be close enough that you can prove him wrong and break up the pass. 
My strategy worked: AJ threw to Sammy. I took off. He threw a high Hail Mary towards the corner of the end zone. Sammy, taller than anyone on my team, could out-jump us all to catch the high pass. I had one chance.
The ball came down. I jumped up to meet it, arms flailing, hoping to distract Sammy. Some part of Sammy—I’m not sure what—crashed into my shoulder, and we both fell to the ground in a twisted mess.
I soon found out that my plan paid off. When I waved my arms, I distracted Sammy just long enough for him to lose sight of the ball. The ball bounced off his head and landed deep in the blackberry bushes. Sammy then came down on top of me, and we both hit the ground. Very hard, I might add.
Once the Keller twins saw that the ball was stuck in the blackberries, they decided to call it a game. Sammy, with his hurt pride and bruised buttocks, decided to call it quits, too. Soon everyone except Joel, AJ, Scooter, and me had gone home. The only reason Joel stuck around is because it was his football.
Scooter ran into the house and came back shortly, wearing long pants and carrying a baseball bat. AJ and me laughed as Scooter started swinging at the blackberry vines. For those of you who have never had to fight with blackberries, let me explain the best way to retrieve anything that gets “misplaced” in those prickly bushes. You take a stick (or bat in this case) and chop straight down at the mass of blackberries. You don’t try and chop them in half or anything, you are simply trying to beat them down low enough so you can step on them (wearing thick shoes, of course) to hold them down. Then you start chopping at the next section. You keep doing this until you have blazed yourself a nice little path straight to whatever got thrown or kicked or batted into the thorny bushes in the first place. You know, blackberries make the best shakes and pies and cobblers, but they sure can be a big pain in the… well, anywhere not covered by two layers of thick clothes.
After a while, Scooter had a fifteen-foot trail blazed into the blackberry patch to the football. He stretched out and grabbed the football and threw it backward over his head into the waiting arms of its owner, Joel Mezick. As Joel looked over his ball for any hitchhiker thorns, Scooter let out a loud screech and began high-stepping his way back towards us on the trail he had just made. Once he hit the safety of the grass, he just kept on running past us without a word and disappeared through the back door of his house. AJ, Joel, and me just looked at each other with puzzled expressions.
“What got into him?” AJ asked.
“I don’t know, but I don’t feel like tromping through those thorns just to find out,” I said with a chuckle. “My curiosity is not that strong.”
“Well, you guys can stick around, but I am through for the day. I’ll catch you guys tomorrow at school.” Joel turned toward the side of the house.
“Alright, Joel, we’ll catch you up on the latest Scooter freak-out session once we find out ourselves,” I said.
“Yeah, we’ll see ya, Joel,” AJ laughed.
I waved as Joel disappeared around the corner, headed toward the front yard. AJ and me started strolling toward the back door.
As we reached the back porch, Scooter opened the back door. Apparently, he had been watching us walk up. “So is he gone?” he asked.
“Is who gone?” I replied. “Did you see a ghost or something?”
“No, you dolt. Is Joel gone?”
“Yes, he went home. Why? What was all the screaming for?” I asked, still puzzled.
“Oh, nothing. And me sprinting inside was nothing, too. I just had to make Joel decide to go home without me flat-out asking him to.”
“Why did you want Joel to go home? What did he do?” AJ asked, as confused as I was.
“He didn’t do anything, guys. I just didn’t want him to see what I am about to show you.”
With that, Scooter headed toward his blazed trail through the blackberry bushes, picking up the bat again to beat down the vines that were already starting to lift back up. AJ and me followed blindly behind, still confused. Scooter walked in and stopped after about twelve feet and pointed to our left. A few feet off the beaten path—but clearly seen underneath the thorny vines—was a big metal plate. The plate was very similar to a sewer plate you would find in the middle of the street. It was about three feet in diameter, and it had a big metal handle sticking up on one side. 
We were still a few feet away from the metal plate, but even from there I could see that the dirt surrounding the plate was compacted. But as I looked a little closer, a chill suddenly ran up my spine. There were large footprints in the dirt around the plate!

Chapter 6
Access Denied
The three of us just stared at what looked like a manhole cover sitting underneath the blackberry branches. AJ spoke up first. “So what do you think it is, Scooter?”
“There is only one way to find out!” Scooter said as he began clearing away the remaining few feet of branches so we could get to the handle of the big metal plate. AJ and me joined in with the task of moving thorny branches out of the way, and pretty soon we were all huddled underneath the bowing branches, staring at the lid in front of us. 
For such thick blackberries, I thought, there sure is a lot of room to move around. 
Scooter held his hand on the big metal plate as if to keep it closed and pointed with his other hand. “Hey, guys, look! A tunnel!”
I turned to look where he pointed, and I understood why there was so much room to move around. There was a tunnel almost three feet high that ran away from us. It went straight backwards along the greenbelt line toward the really dense woods and appeared to dead-end in a wall of thorns about fifty feet back. I was about to go explore the tunnel when Scooter snapped his fingers and hollered for my attention. 
“Hey, Ty, don’t you want to see what’s in here?” He motioned towards the metal plate in front of him.
“Oh, yeah, my bad,” I said. The tunnel exploration would have to wait just a bit.
The plate in front of us looked very similar to a manhole cover—almost identical in shape and material. It had four holes set in a square near the middle of the circle, and the surface had raised little squares to give it sort of a waffle-iron look. In fact, the only thing that made me sure it was not a very misplaced manhole cover was the metal handle that was attached to one side.
Scooter turned the handle and braced himself to heave open the huge lid, but to our surprise, it swung upward very easily. The lid was hinged on the side away from the handle, and you could tell the whole thing had been well-oiled because it hardly made a sound as it opened. We all looked at each other with a mixture of excitement and fright and, without a word, turned our heads toward what was lying in the hole once covered by the big metal plate.
The sun was starting its descent behind the mountains, but it still shone into the blackberries at just such an angle that we could see fairly clearly a few feet into the hole.
Right beneath the lid was the top rung of a ladder that descended straight down out of sight. AJ was halfway down the ladder before Scooter or I could stop him.
“AJ, what are you doing?” we both said, practically in unison.
“I’m checking out Mathisen’s hideout, that’s what!” he hollered back up the ladder.
Even though no one had actually said it aloud, I think we had all jumped to that same conclusion the second we saw the big metal plate.
“So what do you see down there?” I asked.
“Not much, guys,” he said. “This room is only about ten feet long by five feet wide and maybe about ten feet tall. It looks almost like a huge closet, but with a ladder in it.”
“Hardly the place for someone to live in, AJ,” Scooter said, disappointed. “Is there anything lying on the floor? Any markings on the walls? Something that would prove Mr. Mathisen has ever been down there?”
“Nope, just four smooth concrete walls and a ladder. Wait! Hold on a minute, one of these walls is not concrete at all. It feels more like some kind of metal. And it’s a little warmer than the other walls, too.”
I couldn’t stand to just listen any longer. I pushed past Scooter and shimmied down the ladder until I was standing next to AJ. There was plenty of room for both of us. It took a second for my eyes to adjust to the dark room after being out in the sunlight all day. I blinked rapid-fire to try and make my eyes adjust faster, but I gave up once I realized the sun was starting to set and my vision ten feet below ground was only going to get worse the longer I waited. 
I turned to AJ and asked, “Alright, now which wall do you think is warmer than the others?”
AJ placed his hand on the wall opposite the ladder, and I followed with mine. Sure enough, it was warm compared to the cold steel ladder. I rubbed my hands along the wall for no other reason than to be doing something while I tried to think. After a few swipes of my hand, my pinky finger jammed against something. It was a handle! 
The handle was about four inches long at about chest level. It reminded me of the handle on my dad’s gun safe. I wrenched the handle down and clockwise, and it turned from the original position of pointing to the right to pointing straight downward. The handle turned easily—in fact, too easily. I could tell that twisting the handle was not actually opening anything, and when I let go of the handle, it just sprang back into its original position.
Scooter’s voice echoed down from the top of the ladder: “Guys, what did you find?”
“Well, I found what feels like some sort of handle just sticking out of the wall,” I said. “But I can’t see too clearly. Why don’t you grab a flashlight real quick?”
“Okie-dokie” is all I heard as the shadow above us disappeared from the hole’s entrance. With so many new thoughts rushing through my head, it seemed to take hours for Scooter to return, but it was only a couple minutes before a “Head’s up!” was followed by a near concussion as his flashlight bounced off my shoulder and clattered on the concrete floor.
“Ow! You idiot! Do you think you could give me a little more warning before pelting me with stuff?” I was a bit peeved, but I got over it when I turned on the flashlight. 
The light from the flashlight made everything start to make sense. As the flashlight beam hit the wall, AJ and me could see that what we both had been feeling on the wall was a huge steel door. It was about seven feet tall and was almost as wide as the room itself. There was no door jamb, so unless you had a flashlight, it was hard to tell where the door started and ended. But when you took a step back, you could see it looked just like one of those huge steel doors you see in bank vaults. There was the small handle that I had previously come across, and just above the handle was a funny-looking keyhole. 
I reached out and tried to turn the handle again, and once again it moved with ease. Once I pulled down on the handle, I tried to pull open the door, and of course it didn’t budge. To be honest, I didn’t think it would. The way the handle moved, I knew the door must be locked.
I shone the light along the other walls and the floor and told AJ to look and see if he saw some sort of key. After a few seconds, we both realized the floor was actually very clean and we weren’t going to find anything else down in the hole. We turned off the flashlight and climbed the ladder to meet a very anxious Scooter. 
“The door is locked, and there isn’t exactly a welcome mat to hide a key under,” I said as I reached the top of the ladder. My earlier excitement had faded just like the warmth from the May sun.
“I guess we could set up our jingle bell alarm system again,” AJ suggested. “When Mathisen comes back, we can catch him inside.”
“No way, dude. Mathisen is not going to fall for our set-up a second time. See that tunnel?” Scooter pointed down the hallway of blackberries towards the thick woods. “He will just take that tunnel and avoid our trap altogether.”
“Besides,” I added, “I still hear phantom jingle bells every time I close my eyes!”
As Scooter shut the metal lid, my curiosity was rekindled to explore the tunnel I had seen earlier. I started heading down the blackberry hallway, and AJ and Scooter fell in line behind me. I went only about twenty feet when I came across a second trail that branched off to the right. It was headed directly toward the thinner woods. To my disappointment, it dead-ended after only about ten feet. I turned to speak to AJ, who was right behind me. 
“It looks like Mathisen started cutting a second exit tunnel from the inside out but hasn’t finished it yet.” 
I don’t know why, but I decided to go to the dead-end of the tunnel anyway. I guess I was just curious about how close he was to finishing. 
When I got to the end, I realized there were a lot of blackberries to my left that were cut but hadn’t been moved yet. I grabbed a hold of a couple thick branches, careful to avoid thorns, and pushed. To my surprise and embarrassment, the entire wall of branches gave way, and I tumbled out and stopped at the foot of a small madrone tree. AJ and Scooter quickly came to my side and helped me up. As we turned back around to look at the blackberries we had just escaped from, Scooter hopped up and down with excitement.
“Look what you just found, Ty, it’s a trap door!” As he said this, he grabbed the branches that had just given way and, instead of picking them up, swung the mass of branches back over the mouth of the tunnel. It made a little camouflaged door. 
“Fascinating!” Scooter continued. “Look, you can’t even see the tunnel we just came through. And this little makeshift door of thorns looks like all the other bushes around it!”
“That must be how Mathisen escaped our jingle bell trap!” I said.
  “I agree,” Scooter said. “I’m guessing that the other tunnel has a similar camouflaged door, and I bet that is the way he usually enters.”
Just then Mrs. Parks yelled from the back porch, “Scooter! Boys! Are you out there? It’s time to eat!”
The thought of food was a distraction from our new discovery, but a welcome one. Scooter shouted back, “Be right there, Mom!”  
After making sure the “blackberry door” looked the way it probably did before I flung it open, we headed through the sparse woods towards the house. 
When we got to the path that Scooter had trampled with the bat, he took a few moments to sort of “fluff” the blackberries back up so they would look more alive and hide our tracks. In the waning light, it was hard to tell where we had entered the bushes. Speaking from personal experience with blackberry bushes, in a couple days those stubborn bushes would look as good as new.
“Let’s pick this up after dinner,” Scooter whispered as we stepped onto the Parks’ backyard grass. AJ and me nodded in agreement, and the three of us ran inside the back door.




Chapter 7
What Time Is It?
Scooter’s mom had fixed one of my favorite meals for supper—teriyaki chicken and rice. I don’t think she knew it was one of my favorites when she cooked it, but I wanted to make sure she knew afterward. “Thanks again for supper, Mrs. P; it really hit the spot! I think teriyaki chicken is one of my favorites!”
“Yes, I know, Tyler. You have said so three times in the last ten minutes,” she laughed. “In fact, the best way for you to say ‘thank you’ is for you three boys to clear the table and get the dishes done.”
A couple groans from AJ and Scooter were accompanied by a kick in the shins under the table from AJ.
“Owwww,” I said.
“What did you say, Tyler?”
“Uh, nothing, Mrs. P. I said it would be my… er… our pleasure.”
AJ tried to kick me again, but I had spread my legs and instead he just rammed his bare foot into the crossbar of my chair. I had to smile when I saw him grimace from the pain he caused himself.
The dishes didn’t seem to take long at all to finish. I think partially because there were three of us working together (well, really only two because AJ mostly stood around complaining) and also because I was so distracted by my own thoughts. What was behind that steel door? Was it some sort of shelter for Mr. Mathisen? Why was it locked? Did he make the shelter? Did he find it? How long had it been there? Did Mathisen have the key? Did he have a spare stashed somewhere?
My thoughts were interrupted by Scooter. “Hey, Tyler! Are you coming or not?” 
I crawled out of my fuzzy world of questions and back to the world that held the answers. I looked up at Scooter. “Huh?” 
Scooter motioned with his eyes that they were headed upstairs and said, “We have to finalize our plans for this weekend, let’s go!”
Scooter was either speaking in code so his parents wouldn’t ask any questions, or I had been inside my own head for a long time and had missed a ton of the conversation.
“Uh, OK, I’m coming,” I said as I wandered up the stairs a few steps behind Scooter and AJ.
I reached the top of the stairs and turned left into Scooter’s room. “So, guys, we don’t actually have plans for this weekend, do we? That was just a—”
“Code for ‘get your butt upstairs’?” Scooter interrupted. “Yeah. Though what I was thinking we should do could very well end up taking some of our weekend.”
Scooter then went on to explain the plan, which he and AJ had been whispering about while I was daydreaming in the dishsoap.
The way Scooter figured it, the old man was already pretty skittish from our previous encounters. But all three of us felt if we could just get his attention for a moment and explain who we were and that we meant no harm, he might actually listen. 
The problem was, how could we get his attention? AJ suggested that we just tape a note to the steel door, and when he came back to the shelter, he could read it. But Scooter pointed out that Mr. Mathisen might think it was a trap and never set foot down that ladder again. And besides, if he always came home in the dark, he might not even see the note. 
So Scooter suggested that we wait until Mr. Mathisen went into the hole and presumably went behind the steel door. We could then sneak over, quietly open the steel lid, and tape a note to the top rung of the ladder. That way, Mr. Mathisen would definitely see the note and would hopefully not feel trapped, because he would know that we knew he was down there and we chose not to disturb him. That was the theory, anyway. The question was, how would we know when he was down there? And that is where Scooter’s plan came into play.
Since we were pretty sure Mr. Mathisen only snuck into the hole at night, we knew we wouldn’t be able to see him get in there unless we set up another alarm system, but we also didn’t want to scare him away. So Scooter came up with a silent alarm. 
 Scooter had an old battery-powered clock radio that we used to take with us when we snuck over to the old drive-in. We would sometimes ride our bikes over into the woods near the theater and watch the movies from the shadows of the trees. We would tune the small radio to the drive-in radio frequency, and that little thing would put out just enough sound for the three of us to hear the movie but not enough to attract attention and get caught. Well, anyway, this little radio was central to Scooter’s plan. 
Scooter set the radio down on the window sill and ran out to the garage. He was back in a few minutes, carrying a large spindle of thin wire. He then had us rush out to the edge of the blackberry bushes with the radio, wires, and a wire cutter. He cut a small piece and attached it to where the positive end of the battery was supposed to fit into the back of the radio. The other end, he attached to the positive end of the battery. He then unrolled about twenty feet of wire and attached it to the negative side of the battery and ran the other end through the blackberries towards the metal plate. In the moonlight, you couldn’t even see the wire; if anything, it just looked like another blackberry branch. I wondered what it would look like in broad daylight, though. 
Then, Scooter cut another twenty-foot piece of wire and attached one end to the negative side of the back of the radio and ran the rest of the wire towards the metal plate. And when he touched the ends of the two twenty-foot wires together, the clock radio lit up with a bright red 12:00. When he pulled the two wires apart, the 12:00 disappeared. I was a little confused about how it worked, but Scooter turned on his “professor voice” and explained the technical details to us. 
“You see, men, the radio needs a complete electrical circuit in order to work. Normally, the positive and negative ends of the battery touch the positive and negative wires in the radio, and the circuit is a complete loop. I have made the loop much bigger by adding this long wire between the negative end of the battery and the negative connection on the radio. When I touch these two wires together, I am completing the loop, and the radio works.” 
He demonstrated again how touching the wires together made the time on the front of the radio start flashing. He resumed in his normal voice, “And when the wires are not touching, I basically have two dead ends instead of a loop. 
“Now, since the metal plate is… well, metal, if I touch both of these wires to different parts of the metal plate it also closes the loop, and the radio still works. So I am just going to put a small piece of paper here around one of the ends of the wire. The paper doesn’t conduct electricity, so the circuit will stay open. But when Mr. Mathisen comes and opens the lid, the paper should fall off. So then when he is inside and closes the lid behind him, the paper will be gone, and the lid will be touching both wires, which will close the circuit again.”
He finished setting things up at the plate, and we all walked back out of the blackberry bushes. Scooter positioned the radio on the ground and turned the face of the clock towards the house in the direction of his window. “Now when Mr. Mathisen goes inside, the alarm clock time will pop on, and with those glowing red numbers, we should be able to see it from my window!”
It really was an ingenious plan. I just hoped that Mr. Mathisen wouldn’t somehow find the wires attached to the metal lid and be scared away. The odds were that he wouldn’t be able to see them, with it being so dark outside, but you never know.
We scrambled back inside to discuss the next step in the plan—the letter. Scooter sat down at his computer to begin typing out what he thought we should put in the letter. It took forever for us to agree on just what to say. We even argued over how to address the letter. AJ thought we should say “Dear Mr. Mathisen,” but Scooter thought it might be intimidating to the old man if he knew that we knew so much about him. Should the letter sound like we were strangers trying to get to know him (and perhaps come across with unclear motives), or should we sound like friends that are just trying to help him out? Anyway, the final letter looked something like this:

Dear Sir,
Our names our Scooter, Tyler, and AJ, and we are all junior-high students who live in this neighborhood. I (Scooter) happen to live in the house that shares these blackberry bushes with you. We understand that you want your privacy and that there is a reason you have never come up to the house to introduce yourself or anything, but we hope that perhaps the four of us could be friends. Just so you know, this is OUR LITTLE SECRET. We have not told our parents about this hole in the ground that we found, and if it is your wish, we will keep it that way. If possible, we would just like to meet you in person and go from there. If this arrangement sounds agreeable to you, then please write at the bottom of this paper how you would like us to proceed and when we should meet, and we will be there. If you do not want to meet us, then please let us know that as well, and we will leave you alone from now on. Either way, please leave your response note at the base of the three fir trees that appear to be growing out of the same stump, which is located near the entrance to your tunnel into the blackberries.
Your new friends,
Scooter, Tyler, and AJ

Scooter pressed the print button while AJ asked the obvious question. “So what if he says he doesn’t want to meet us?”
“Well, I would bet anything he doesn’t,” I said. “You think he’d actually want to continue to hide down there if he knew that we knew he was down there all the time? He wants to feel safe, and with us knowing he’s down there, he no longer is. But the only way he’ll feel safe again is if he meets us and decides we really are harmless and will keep the secret with him.”
We had been sitting there a long time writing the letter, and AJ stood up to stretch. He suddenly exclaimed, “Guys, it is 12:25!”
“It is only 8:55, AJ,” Scooter answered, looking at the clock in the corner of his computer screen. “I know it took a long time to write this letter, but it didn’t take that long!” 
“No, I mean, your alarm clock outside is blinking 12:25! Oops, now 12:26!”
Scooter and me jumped up from the computer and ran over to the window. Sure enough, although you couldn’t really see the clock radio itself, you could clearly see the glowing red numbers at the base of the blackberry bushes.
“Whoa, dude, it worked!” Scooter exclaimed. “And it says 12:26, so that means he just went in the hole less than half an hour ago!”
Scooter grabbed the piece of paper off of the printer, and we all scrambled out of the bedroom. Halfway down the stairs, I stopped everyone in their tracks. “Hey, guys, wait! If your mom sees that AJ and me are still here, she is going to make us head home.”
“Well, it is almost 9:00. We should probably get home anyway,” AJ added.
So we all headed back up to Scooter’s room, where AJ and me gathered up our stuff to go home. We then walked back down the stairs and Scooter told his mom he was just “seeing Tyler and AJ out,” and we three walked out the front door. 
We quickly snuck around the right side of the house, the side opposite where the blackberries and metal plate were, and walked straight back into the woods. We then inched our way down the blackberry tunnel toward the hole as slowly and as quietly as we could. 
When we got to the metal plate, I couldn’t help but picture Mr. Mathisen right below where we were crouched. He was probably lying on a sleeping bag, settling down for a good night’s sleep, completely oblivious to what was going on right above him. 
Without making a sound, Scooter motioned for AJ to open the metal plate slowly. AJ did as he was told. I was half expecting a beam of  light from a flashlight or candle to come streaming out of the hole as AJ opened the lid, and I even looked away, as if that light would burn any part of me that touched it. But as he opened the lid in silence, there was nothing to see except the same dark hole we had found earlier.
As Scooter taped our note to the top rung of the ladder, I looked around for the wires that Scooter had taped to the metal plate to make the radio work. After a few seconds of fumbling around in the dark, I found them and detached them from the plate and pulled them a couple feet away from the entrance to the hole. I knew then that the old man had not seen the wires when he climbed into the hole. I was looking for them and could barely find them; he surely wouldn’t have stumbled upon them on accident.
As Scooter finished, AJ quietly closed the lid to the hole, and we all crawled out the way we had come. Once in the clear, Scooter turned to us. “Now, we wait. You guys head home before you get in trouble. I will go and grab the radio and pull the wires out of the blackberries before I head back inside. We’ll just have to wait until tomorrow to see if there is a note for us.”
AJ and me headed off to our houses and left Scooter to take on cleanup and lookout duty. Once I got to Scooter’s front yard, I sprinted as fast as I could the couple blocks to my house—not because I was in a hurry to get home, but because I knew it was going to be hard to get to sleep with my adrenaline pumping and my imagination running wild. I figured maybe if my body was tired by the time I laid down it would be easier to fall asleep. 
My plan worked. I pictured old Mr. Mathisen reading our letter as he stood in the shadowy protection of the thick woods and chuckling to himself. “Those darn kids finally lost the football in just the right spot in the bushes, huh?” He looked up at me and smiled. I tried to wave, but I couldn’t raise my arms. My body was already feeling the weight of the blackness that was creeping over me, and it pulled me completely into a peaceful, dreamless sleep.




Chapter 8
Roll Film!
Well, I must have slept really well that night because I woke up five minutes before my alarm clock went off, and I felt great. Energized by the thought of what the day might hold regarding Mr. Mathisen, I practically ran through the shower and jumped into my clothes and headed downstairs. I had plenty of time to eat breakfast before I needed to run out and catch the bus at the bus stop just down the street. 
Since I wasn’t running late for the bus like usual, I got to enjoy a bowl of cereal “the right way.” I start with a big bowl of milk and then add my Lucky Charms. Once I’ve eaten all of the cereal, I add more cereal to the leftover milk. I usually have about three bowls of cereal for one bowl of milk. Then comes the best part: I get to drink the sugary milk still in the bowl, which is now a rainbow of color instead of the boring white stuff. 
I tossed my empty bowl and spoon into the sink, grabbed my backpack off the chair next to me, and headed out the door to the bus stop. That morning, something incredibly rare happened at the bus stop. In fact, I don’t know if it had ever happened before. AJ and me were early, and Scooter was late. 
Since the bus went past AJ’s house, he rarely actually made it to the bus stop at all. He was always running out the front door, waving and begging the bus driver to stop. She usually would, even though it wasn’t a scheduled stop. Today was different, however, because last night’s excitement had apparently woken him up early and refreshed, just like me.
As amazing as AJ’s timeliness was, the more amazing thing was that Scooter was late. The bus stop was at an intersection in our neighborhood, and AJ and me sat silently, watching the two roads, waiting for Scooter to appear on his street, running towards us from one direction and for the school bus rounding the corner and heading towards us from the other.
The school bus and Scooter came into sight at about the same time. This was bad news for Scooter since the school bus was three blocks away—and so was he.
As the bus arrived, AJ and me took as long as we reasonably could to get on the bus. Scooter was still a good block away. The bus driver sensed our concern and chimed in. “Oh, don’t worry, boys. I’ll wait for Scooter. He’s on time every day; it’s you two lollygaggers who are always late!  I swear, one day you two are going to be walking to school.”
Embarrassed, we quickly sat down and waited for Scooter to get on the bus. Scooter was out of breath as he got on the bus and jumped in the seat across from AJ. Seeing the astonished looks on our faces, he must have felt the need to explain himself. 
“I overslept! After you guys left, I decided to set up a camcorder on my window sill and film the blackberries while I was asleep, just in case our friend decided to leave early this morning. But when I went to turn it on, I realized the battery was drained. It took me forever to find the power cord. I didn’t get to sleep until almost midnight!”
Now, midnight is not too crazy of a bedtime for AJ or me. In fact, I probably went to sleep after midnight at least once a week. But Scooter was a different story. He rarely stayed up past 11 p.m.—and only then by the assistance of his little pal, the energy drink. When he did stay up that late, it was not a pretty sight. Scooter inevitably got really silly. 
One time when the three of us went hiking and camping in the Olympic Mountains, we stayed up really late around the campfire, and then we went to our tent and told ghost stories for a few more hours. It was 1:30 when AJ and me decided to pack it in for the night. Scooter, however, wasn’t ready to go to sleep yet. So he tried to talk us into a midnight polar bear swim in the nearby lake. I was not about to get out of my warm sleeping bag, but Scoot somehow conned AJ into joining him and both of them went swimming in the dark. Fifteen minutes later, they were back at the tent, shivering and covered with leeches! 
The “leeches” turned out to be just wet leaves, but when you are cold, wet, and can’t see very well, it is easy to convince yourself that you are going to die from blood-sucking parasites stuck all over your body.
Needless to say, that experience taught Scooter not to stay up late unless he had to, and it taught AJ and me not to listen to anything Scooter suggested once it was past his bedtime.
Remembering the camping adventure, I wondered if Scooter was even coherent enough at that time of night to actually turn the video camera on. I didn’t want to insult him by asking if he remembered, so I asked a roundabout question. “So what did you see on the videotape when you reviewed it this morning?” 
“I haven’t reviewed it yet. Like I said, I woke up late and only had time to throw some clothes on and grab the camera on the way out.”
He pulled the camera out of his backpack and turned it on. “We can just watch it play backward, since if there is going to be anything or anyone on the tape it will be near the end. I never let the camera rewind, so it’s at the end of the tape right now.”
As he pressed the play button and then pressed the rewind button, we could see the blackberry bushes as well as the entrance to the tunnel we’d found and a little of the woods outside the “blackberry door.” The tape quickly rewound, and the morning played backward toward sunrise. The sky grew darker, but the picture was still pretty clear. 
Suddenly, Mr. Mathisen appeared, wearing a blue jacket. He was at the right edge of the screen in the woods and quickly backed up into the blackberry bushes. Because the bushes were so thick, you could see that something was in the bushes but nothing much more than a blue blob. After a few moments, the blue blob was gone. I assumed it was because Mathisen had disappeared into the shelter. Scooter stopped the tape. AJ was the first to speak.
“Hot dog, Scoot, it worked! Let’s watch that going forward.”
Scooter pressed play, and we waited the few anxious seconds for the moment we knew Mr. Mathisen would pop out of the hole. 
Scooter chimed in, “Look at the time in the corner—5:30 a.m. That’s about fifteen minutes after sunrise and shortly after my dad usually leaves for work each morning. He probably has my family’s schedule down pretty well in order to be able to come and go undetected.”
Then, as expected, the blue blob appeared. AJ started in with the play-by-play. “Look, there’s Mathisen! I bet right now he just found our note! Do you think he’s reading it?”
After a stern “Ahem” from Scooter and dirty looks from both of us, AJ shut up. We turned back to the small video camera screen. 
On the videotape, Mr. Mathisen slowly headed down the tunnel and then must have taken the right tunnel when they split, because a couple seconds later the blackberries moved and he appeared to the right of them. Then we could see him reclosing the door to the tunnel. Smart, I thought to myself, the door swings open towards the house to give him just a little added camouflage. 
He then moved through the woods about ten feet to his right and stood behind a tree. The tree he stood behind was at the far right edge of the screen, and I found myself wishing the film director would pan over to the right a little bit. (It is amazing how much you take for granted when watching movies.) Of course, since the camera had just been sitting on Scooter’s window sill all night, that was not going to happen. 
So we watched the half of Mr. Mathisen that we could see as it lingered behind the tree for about thirty seconds. Then, he moved on from the tree to the right and disappeared from the camera’s view completely.
Scooter was the first to notice. “Hey, that tree—the one he was standing behind! That was the same tree that he went to when we caught him in the jingle-bell trap. He lingered at that tree for… what, thirty seconds? What was he doing?”
“Maybe that’s his… uh… restroom,” AJ suggested. “I mean, when a man’s gotta go, a man’s gotta go!”
“So when he was caught in the middle of our trap the other night, he couldn’t think of anything more important than to do his business right then and there?” I argued. “I don’t think so.” 
“Well, the other day I thought he was just trying to hide behind the tree because it was the only one remotely big enough to hide behind,” Scooter said. “But this morning he had no reason to be hiding.”
The bus was now turning into the U-shaped driveway in front of our Junior High. “So do you think he plans on answering your letter, Scoot?” AJ asked as we ushered ourselves off the bus.
“I don’t know, Aidge,” Scooter answered. (“Aidge” was our nickname for AJ, where we basically ran the A and the J together into a one-syllable word.) “But I have a feeling it is going to be a long day in class before we get the chance to find out.”
If Scooter only knew how true that statement would be. I thought the school day would never end! Gym class wasn’t too bad because we played basketball the whole period. Geometry also flew by because our teacher realized we were a couple lessons behind the other geometry class, so after a brief lecture over two sections in our book, she gave us two homework assignments. I dove in and finished the second assignment right before the dismissal bell rang. 
I always try and get my homework done in class if possible. My parents think it’s great—they think I am finally living up to my potential to be a great student. The truth is that it has nothing to do with trying to be a good student. I just figure I have two choices while I am in class—waste time talking and goofing off or work on my homework. I choose the second option. That way, when I get home, I can go play with my friends, Scooter and AJ, because I have no homework to do. 
My dad is always saying, “Work hard. Then you can play harder.” I guess this is one way to apply it. Sometimes I wish the Keller twins would follow my example. Then we would have two more football players on a regular basis. Instead, their mom is always calling over to Scooter’s house and telling them they need to come home and get their homework done before suppertime. How embarrassing: to have your mommy call you out of a football game! Anyway, enough preaching.   
Where was I? Oh yeah, as I was saying, Gym and Math class actually went by pretty quickly, but the other classes seemed to go on forever—especially Biology.
Mr. Newell is an older man who probably could have retired five years ago, but he loves kids, loves biology, and loves his nature films. Mr. Newell has a quirky sense of humor and tells at least five or six stale jokes every class period. It’s a well-known fact that for the past twenty years, he’s just recycled his jokes again every school year. The jokes always keep my attention, though, because I know every so often one of his jokes will stand the test of time and still be funny. 
Well, at least two, if not three, times a week, he makes us watch what we students like to call his “flap-flap” films. These nature documentaries are twice as old as I am. They’re the kind of film that is shown on a reel-to-reel projector. The projector has a full reel with a long strip of film spooled on it in the front and an empty reel in the back, and in between, the film snakes its way through the projector in order to be displayed on the screen in front of the classroom. 
We call these movies “flap-flap” films because as the movie ends and the credits roll, Mr. Newell stands up and points out what he thinks we need to remember about the movie. All the while, the projector keeps running. Soon the film completely unrolls from the front reel, makes its way through the projector, and then finishes rolling up onto the back reel. Except that the loose end keeps flap-flap-flapping as the reel continues to spin, until someone gets up and turns the projector off.
Well, today was a flap-flap day—some documentary about the complexity of single-celled organisms narrated by a guy who was obviously pretty old back when the film was made, and if he were alive today (which is highly unlikely), even he would tell the school to buy an updated film. The temptation was—and always is—to put your head down on your desk, enjoy the dark room and the calming drone of the narration, and just fall asleep. But if you fall asleep in Newell’s class, he sneaks up behind you and slaps a yardstick down on your desk right next to your head to wake you up. I’ve seen him do it several times, and even from across the room, it’s pretty loud. I can’t imagine waking up from a good nap that way! Needless to say, I’ve never fallen asleep in Newell’s class (although I have come close), and I never intend to.
So that left me with nothing but my thoughts for forty-five miserable minutes.
I stared blankly at the dancing paramecium on the screen in front of me as my thoughts wandered to the video footage Scooter had showed us on the bus. Was Mr. Mathisen going to respond to Scooter’s note? Would he let us meet him? If so, would he be a cranky old man? A lonely old man? If he didn’t want to meet us, what should we do now? Perhaps the biggest question: what was so special about that tree that Mr. Mathisen would risk spending time out in the open? Did he really think he was hiding by standing behind it? Or was that just his designated toilet? Did he need an outdoor toilet? Did he have some makeshift toilet in his shelter down in that hole? If that tree was not a toilet, what other explanation could there be for spending time there? 
Did he drop something? No, he could not have dropped something twice in the exact same spot, could he? Or maybe he was picking something up? Yes. When he was going into the shelter, he left something behind the tree, and when he came back out, he picked it up again. But what could he possibly have that he didn’t want to bring down into that hole with him? Probably something that smells. Well, it appeared that all theories led back to bad odors of one sort or another.
On the bus ride home from school, AJ, Scooter, and me began comparing our ideas about the video we’d seen on the morning bus ride. Scooter was thinking almost the same thing I was. (Great minds do think alike!) We both figured Mr. Mathisen must be leaving something at that tree before he descended into his shelter every evening—something he could not afford to bring down there with him. 
I was thinking it must be something with a strong smell; with what I figured was no ventilation down there, he would gag on the smell by taking it into a confined space like that. Scooter was figuring Mr. Mathisen had something too big to fit down the hole or too bulky to haul up and down the ladder all the time. Both theories sounded possible to me. 
We decided we would check the tree out when we got home. If we detected a lingering smell or an impression left in the dirt by something big, then perhaps one of our theories was correct. If there was nothing, then we were back to scratching our heads.




Chapter 9
Stop and Smell the Trees
As the bus entered our neighborhood, my heart felt like it was fighting to pound its way out of my chest. I was so excited and anxious that I felt like I could get out and run faster than the bus, which meandered its way towards our bus stop.
Normally, I would head to my house, drop off my backpack in my bedroom, and grab a piece of fruit off the kitchen counter before rushing on over to Scooter’s house for some afternoon football or computer games. But not today! As soon as the bus doors opened—actually, slightly before they were completely open—the three of us squeezed out the door and started sprinting towards Scooter’s house as fast as we could with our heavy backpacks swinging back and forth behind us.
We didn’t even go inside when we reached Scooter’s house, we just ran around to the backyard, dumped our backpacks on the back porch, and bolted across our football lawn toward the tree that clearly had Mr. Mathisen’s attention. And now it had ours. 
As is usually the case when any race is involved, AJ was the first one there. And by the time Scooter and me came around to the backside of the tree, AJ was already on all fours with his nose just inches from the ground. He looked like a hunting dog sniffing around looking for a scent. After a few seconds, he stood back up and declared, “Well, guys, I don’t smell anything out of the ordinary!”
“So it doesn’t smell any different than all the other trees you’ve sniffed?” I joked. 
AJ chuckled, “No, I mean, I don’t smell any strong odors. You know, like cleaning supplies or other stuff that would make you sick if you weren’t out in the fresh air. And it doesn’t smell like he was using this tree as his bathroom, either.”
“Hopefully, you verified that before you stuck your nose that close to the ground,” Scooter teased. That got a laugh from all three of us. 
“Let’s keep looking around,” he continued. “If my theory is correct and he is leaving something fairly large here every night, then we might see an imprint in the dirt, or maybe a scrape on the tree, or a spot on the ground that has been shielded from the rain more than the ground around it.”
Scooter and me got on our hands and knees to get a closer look at potential clues. Meanwhile, AJ just stood, staring at the tree. Suddenly, he said, “Guys, we were wrong. Mathisen wasn’t leaving something out here when he came to the shelter; he was leaving something here when he left the shelter, and picking it up before he went back inside.”
I looked up. “AJ, what are you talking about?” 
Scooter said, “If that were the case, then this big object we’re looking for would be here right now.”
“I never claimed it was big. But you’re right about it being here. Look!” AJ exclaimed, pointing at the tree trunk right in front of him.
Scooter and me scrambled to our feet to look where AJ was pointing. Sure enough, hanging on a nail in the tree was a dull silver key!
“Oh my goodness, Aidge! Do you know what this means?” Scooter shouted. “Mr. Mathisen must hang the key here to make sure he doesn’t lose it while he tromps through the woods.”
“It also means he isn’t home right now, so come on!” AJ grabbed the key and headed for the blackberries. 
Scooter stopped him with a shout. “Wait, AJ! We can’t all just dive down that ladder. What if Mathisen comes back while we’re down there?”
He had a good point. I could just imagine Mr. Mathisen coming up behind us after we went down the ladder, slamming the lid shut, and sitting on it until we ran out of air to breathe. It would be like being buried alive! I am not a complete claustrophobic, but sometimes my imagination can scare me more than reality can. Anyway, the thought made me shudder. So while I was getting the heebie-jeebies, AJ made his way back to us and the tree.
“So what are we going to do, then?” he asked.
“Well, one of us will have to stay here and be lookout while the other two go check out the shelter,” said Scooter.
“One-two-three-not-it!” I shouted.
“Not it!” AJ followed.
“No, no, let’s do this fair and square,” Scooter countered. 
I wasn’t sure if Scoot really wanted it to be fair or if he was just making up rules, since he clearly just lost the “Not It!” game. That’s sort of like when you make up stories about getting car-sick unless you sit in the front seat, when you clearly just forgot to call “Shotgun!” before someone else did. 
Scooter continued, “I know how we can decide this fairly. I have forty cents in my pocket left over from buying a soda at lunch today—a nickel, a dime, and a quarter. I will put one coin in my left hand and one in my right, and the last one will stay in my pocket. We will all choose a coin, and whoever picks the quarter will have to stay behind and be lookout. Will that work? Good. I’ll pick first.”
“You can’t go first!” AJ argued. “You’re the one who’s putting the coins there in the first place, so you would know which place not to pick. No sir, I’ll go first! Cheating lard-monkey!”
“Fine,” Scooter said, looking dejected. He reached into his pocket and pulled out two of the coins and quickly put one in each hand. He then held both hands out in front of AJ. “Left, Right, or Pocket?”
AJ took a second and then slapped the back of Scooter’s left hand really hard. Scooter yelped and then turned his hand over to reveal the quarter. He tossed it at AJ. “Nice guess, wise guy. And by the way, you hit like a girl.”
Yeah, I thought, a really strong girl. I could see the red mark on Scooter’s hand.
Scooter grabbed the key from AJ and started to walk away. He turned back to AJ and taunted him once more. “Hey, while you are on lookout, try not to look like it. Act like you are doing something else like, uh, doing push-ups or pull-ups on a tree branch or something. We don’t want to raise any suspicion if Mathisen comes back soon; we just want him to decide the coast isn’t clear and he will have to come back later.”
Scooter started walking again, and as I hurried to catch up to him, I could hear AJ complaining. “Shoot! I knew I should have picked the right hand!”
Scooter muttered under his breath, just loud enough for my benefit, “That would not have done any good.” He smirked and opened his right hand to reveal another quarter.
“Dude, that is wrong,” I chuckled.
“Not nearly as wrong as this.” He snickered as he pulled yet another quarter out of his pocket. “I actually had seventy-five cents in my pocket! He was going to lose no matter what he chose.”
I made a mental note to never mess with Scooter—unless, of course, I could frame AJ.
We opened the “blackberry door” and crouched our way through the tunnel until we were huddled over the metal plate. Then, Scooter stopped me. “So remember, don’t touch anything more than we have to, and definitely don’t move anything. We don’t want Mathisen to even know we were here.”
I nodded and opened the lid.
As we both stood above the hole, I realized we had overlooked a big necessity, a flashlight. We could barely see the bottom of the ladder from up above, and once we opened the door with the key, it would be even harder to see because there would be no light coming from directly above. I suggested to Scooter that we get a flashlight. 
He shrugged me off. “We don’t have time. Mr. Mathisen could be coming back any minute, so we will just have to make do.”
We scrambled down the ladder, and while Scooter worked the key into the vault door, I imagined us feeling our way through the dark, bumping into things, kicking things we couldn’t see on the other side of the door. So much for leaving things exactly the way they were!
As Scooter turned the key, he looked back at me and smiled. He pushed down on the lever, took a deep breath, and said, “Here we go…” as he pulled the large door toward us.




Chapter 10
Behind the Door
As the door inched open, the most unexpected thing happened: I was blinded by light. After closing my eyes and letting them adjust, I realized it wasn’t really that much light. With the combination of my eyes being adjusted to the darker ladder room and my expectation of pitch black on the other side of the door, me and my eyes were quite shocked.
The light was coming from a set of two long fluorescent bulbs locked in a cage-like fixture on the ceiling. The lights lit up one huge room. And when I say huge, I only mean to say it was a lot bigger than I expected. I imagined a small six-foot by six-foot cell with a sleeping bag on the floor. What I found was a lot larger—a room about fifteen feet wide and almost twenty feet deep. The walls, floor, and ceiling were made of smooth cement, similar to the room with the ladder. 
Directly in front of us was one of those futon thingies—you know, where the wood frame folds into a couch or a bed and you just toss the bendable mattress on top. The bright red mattress was currently bent in an L-shape to form what looked like a comfy couch. I assumed the futon was folded into the couch position not because the owner was expecting company but out of necessity, to save space. A bright blue chair sat just beyond the couch and appeared to be the other part of a furniture set with the couch. 
A small, round table about two feet wide sat next to the chair. On top sat a shoebox and another open box, which, judging by the needles and thread struggling to free themselves, I guessed was some sort of sewing kit. Under the couch were some folded bedsheets, which made sense because the couch would also have to serve as the bed. 
Across from the couch on the far right wall was a small kitchen area. A counter with a sink held a small toaster oven, two glass plates, and two plastic cups—the kind they give little kids at fancy restaurants and sometimes fill with broken crayons. Up against the far wall was a toilet with half a roll of toilet paper sitting on the lid. (Well, that answered one question.) 
Scooter and me stood in the doorway in utter amazement at everything we were looking at, but none of this was as shocking as what stood in the corner between the kitchen counter and the toilet—a full-size refrigerator!
“That must have been put in when whoever it was built this shelter,” Scooter thought out loud. He must have been asking the same thing I was. 
Everything else we had seen, I could envision how they could get it through the manhole, down the ladder, and into the room. The futon and chair looked like you could construct the wood frame at home using an assembly kit, and the mattress could be rolled up and stuffed down the hole. The toaster oven and dishes could easily be brought down the ladder tucked under an arm. But the fridge? There was no other way to explain it except that it had been down here as long as the shelter had.
As I stepped past the doorway and into the room, I turned to my right to find a small bookcase. On top of the bookcase sat a corded phone, which plugged into a phone jack located near the floor. A small picture frame stood next to the phone. On the middle shelf were cans of vegetables and fruit and a serving bowl containing a bag of dinner rolls. On the bottom shelf were a pair of scissors and lots of coupons cut out of the newspaper. Next to the bookshelf sat a large stack of newspapers—probably leftovers from coupon-cutting.
Although the room looked like a cozy little home, there was nothing really personal about it except for the picture on the bookshelf. I stepped closer to get a better look. It was a picture of two guys and a girl standing on the steps of an old, traditional-looking church. Based on the style of clothing, it was pretty clear the picture was at least twenty years old. The woman in the white dress and the man wearing a tuxedo to her right were obviously the bride and groom. This picture had probably been taken after the ceremonies, since they were holding up their hands to show their wedding rings. The man to the woman’s left must have been a close family member by the way they were comfortable standing so close together, but he could not be part of the wedding party since he was not dressed nearly as formally as the bride and groom. 
I turned to Scooter and pointed at the picture. “You know, I have only seen the one picture of Mr. Mathisen, but I’m guessing this is him, maybe twenty years ago.”
“I agree,” he said. “I watched the video again during second period, and I am pretty sure this guy here is Mr. Mathisen in his forties. I bet this was his sister’s wedding. But what I am more interested in is this phone!” 
He picked up the phone, and in the silence of the room, even I could hear the dial tone. Our eyes got really big. A working phone? How was that possible? Scooter started dialing.
“What are you doing?” I asked hysterically. 
Scooter hushed me with his finger and said “trust me” with his eyes. Someone on the other end picked up.
“Oh hey, Mom!… Yeah, I’m fine. Just working on a science experiment out in the woods. It’s a walkie-talkie that with a couple of modifications I’ve turned into a short-range cell phone! Pretty cool, huh?… What do you mean? Most of my experiments do work!… Well, the robotic blender was the exception, Mom! Anyway, I’ll be there in a minute… Yeah, sorry about that. We were in a hurry to try this thing out… Yes, next time we will come inside and say hi and not just leave our bags on the back porch… Yeah… Sorry, Mom.” He hung up.
“Well, this phone really does work. Now to see if we can find the phone number that belongs to it.”
He headed toward the door. “I’m going to go inside now and check the caller ID on our house phone. Then, I will call you. You just pick up, but don’t say anything until I do; you know, just in case someone besides me calls in the next five minutes.” With that, he was out the door and up the ladder.
As I looked around the room and waited, I began to wonder just what it would be like to live in this small room for who knows how long. Always worrying about being seen, always wondering what might be waiting for you when you lift the lid each morning, always wishing the toilet was more than four feet from the refrigerator…
I was startled out of my daydream by a quiet chirping sound. My back was to the bookshelf, and for a moment, I thought perhaps a small bird had wandered into the shelter. Oh no! How would we catch this thing without leaving any trace of our visit—or the bird! But as I turned around, I realized it was the ringing of the telephone. It was a strange ring and a lot quieter than what I was expecting. But in hindsight, it made sense, because you don’t want any noise being heard outside the shelter and you don’t want to give yourself a heart attack while cutting coupons.
I picked up the phone and Scooter started talking, “Hey, Ty.”
“Hey, it sounds like you got the right number, Scoot!” I said.
“It looks like our little walkie-talkie can receive calls as well! Sweet! What do ya think, huh?” 
“I say, ‘Ten-four, good buddy!’”
He laughed and then hung up. After what seemed like only seconds, Scooter was back in the hole, standing next to me.
“Well, Mathisen’s phone number comes up on our caller ID, so we have that now. And luckily it says ‘Unavailable.’ Otherwise, I would have had a lot of explaining to do if Mom or Dad saw that someone named Mathisen had called us. All right, let’s get out of here,” he said, scanning the room to see if we had moved anything. 
I exited, and after being satisfied we hadn’t disturbed anything, Scooter followed and shut the door behind us. He went to lock the door but realized that the door automatically locked itself. We both started climbing the ladder, and Scooter spoke up, “He has to have a spare key somewhere, Tyler; otherwise, if he leaves the shelter and forgets his key, that would be a really, really bad day.”
After Scooter scrambled out, I gently shut the lid, and we hurried back toward a very impatient AJ.
“Well, what did you find?” AJ asked.
“You are not going to believe it!” Scooter exclaimed as he hung the key back on the nail in the big tree. He turned and headed straight toward the house with AJ and me right behind him.
Once we were up in Scooter’s bedroom with the door safely shut behind us, AJ began rattling off questions faster than Scooter or I could “not really” answer them. It was really too easy to get him riled up.
“So, Scoot, do you think Mathisen uses that rifle to hunt with or to protect himself?” I asked. 
AJ, startled, asked, “He had a gun down there? What else was down there?”
“Well, with that stench down there, it’s no wonder Mathisen is always outside, despite the risk of being seen,” Scooter said. “I would be, too, if I had to be around all those rotting animals.” 
“No doubt!” I added.
“What animals? Did he kill them? Did it look like they were for eating? C’mon, guys, tell me!” AJ pleaded.
After about five minutes of this, Scooter finally decided to stop yanking his chain and told AJ all that we had found on the other side of the locked door.
“So I guess it was a bomb shelter that Mr. Mathisen must have stumbled upon some time ago, and he turned it into a cozy, secret place to live,” Scooter finished.
“This housing development went up almost twenty years ago,” I added. “I bet whoever built your house also built the bomb shelter ’cause they were still scared the Russians would be dropping bombs on us some day.”
Our History teacher had explained that once upon a time the U.S. and Russia were on the brink of going to war, and many people believed that if Russia were going to drop a big bomb someplace in America, it would be the Seattle area. After all, being so close to Russia, a missile wouldn’t have to travel very far, and with so many military bases in the area, they could deal a huge blow to our armed forces.
“You’re probably right, Tyler. That seems to be the most logical explanation,” Scooter mused, looking up at the ceiling. 
AJ, always the “man of action” among us, had to chime in. “So what do we do now? You have his phone number, right? Should we wait till after dark and then call him?”
“I don’t know, Aidge,” Scooter said. “We haven’t given him much time to respond to our note. Let’s give him another day and see if he leaves us a note.”
I chuckled as I realized Scooter’s point. In all our excitement of catching Mr. Mathisen on film and finding the key, we had lost track of time. It was only this morning that he had read our note as he came out of the hole. At the earliest, he would be leaving us a note tomorrow. At the earliest.
The rest of the evening was uneventful (in comparison at least). We half-heartedly played some “World Dominator” on Scoot’s computer and then headed to our respective houses for dinner. 
Well, actually, when I got home, there was a little excitement for me, but not the fun kind. My mother was pretty upset that I had failed to check in with her after school. Personally, I didn’t see what the big deal was, but maybe I shouldn’t have actually told her that. 
Then, she was mad at me for not checking in and being a smart mouth. By the time dinner was over, though, she was much calmer. And after doing all the dishes and cleaning the kitchen floor as punishment, everything was forgiven.




Chapter 11
Have You Seen This Man?
The next morning, Scooter was back to his normal arrival time at the bus stop. In fact, he was waiting, impatient with excitement, as AJ and me approached. I could tell he was excited because whenever Scooter gets excited (which is pretty rare), he gets “happy feet”—his feet never touch the ground at the same time. He looks like a four-year-old who needs to use the bathroom.
“Hey, Scooty-wooty, do you need to use the potty?” I joked as we joined him at the bus stop.
“Ha, ha. Shut up and listen,” Scooter said abruptly, pulling an envelope out of his backpack. He held it up so we could see it but not read what was written on it. 
“So after you guys left last night, my dad came home, and he was a little irritated because he had gotten yet another piece of mail addressed to our friend Mr. Mathisen.” He brought the envelope down so we could read the outside of it. It was a phone bill addressed to Stanley Mathisen with Scooter’s address on it. It was still sealed.
“You mean you haven’t opened it yet?” I asked. “It might hold more clues about who this guy really is. Maybe he calls some of the same people all the time, and that could tell us how he spends all his spare time.”
“I don’t think I should open this, Ty; it’s not my mail.”
“Let me get this straight:  You think it’s wrong to open an old man’s mail, but it’s OK to break into his house?” I asked, amused at the double standard.
“Well, technically, I did not break into his house; he was sleeping on my property! Anyway, I just don’t feel right about opening this guy’s mail now that I know he’s just trying to live his life and not bother my family.”
“Then why the Happy Feet?” AJ joked. “Why are you so excited about a stupid letter if we can’t even open it?”
“Look in the address window. Do you see what color paper is inside?” Scooter asked with a smirk and that twinkle in his eye.
“Pink,” AJ answered. “What does that mean?”
“Well pink usually means you are late paying a bill. So it appears that Mr. Mathisen is behind on his phone bill payments.”
I tried to chime in and keep Scooter from drawing out the conversation, “And this gets you excited because…?”
“Because this gives us another ‘in’ with Mathisen. If we don’t hear from him in a couple days, then maybe we suggest to him that we could deliver his mail directly to his front porch for him. You know, another way that we can build his trust. He should definitely go for it; it eliminates his risk of being seen at our mailbox again.” 
“That’s a decent idea. Not one worth dancing around like you have to use the bathroom, but still pretty decent,” I teased. “So are we back to waiting for Mathisen to reply to our letter again?” I looked up to see our bus heading down the street towards us.
“That is still the plan,” Scooter replied. 
“That’s what I thought you’d say,” AJ muttered as the three of us piled on the bus. 
AJ and me are similar in that neither of us have ever been very good at waiting. What we didn’t know at the time was that we wouldn’t have to wait for long.
School went by without much excitement, except for the fact that I was on fire during the lunchtime basketball game. I only missed one shot the entire time! This made the second half of the school day fly by because all I could do was replay all those beautiful shots over and over in my head. It is games like that which make a guy keep coming back to the basketball court. You never know, it could happen again!
After school, we tossed the football around in Scooter’s backyard for a while and then decided that if we ever wanted Mathisen to come out of hiding, we should probably not be around to spook him. So we went inside the Parks’ garage and watched as Scooter went back to work on an invention he’d been tinkering with a few days before all this excitement started. 
He was building a long-distance light switch. I thought the idea was brilliant. It would be really useful. I mean, don’t you just hate it when you get in bed with a good book and get all comfortable and then you decide it’s time to go to sleep, but the light is still on and the switch is all the way across the room? When that happens to me, I end up throwing any article of clothing that happens to be near me at the light switch in hopes that I’ll hit the switch just right and it will turn off. Well, that rarely works, and I always have a bunch of clothes scattered on the floor in the morning. Scooter’s contraption was going to have much better results.
He took an old remote-control car he had gotten many Christmases ago and removed the gears attached to the rear tires. The remote control still worked, so even though the gear was not in the car anymore, if he pushed the lever down on the remote control, the gear would start spinning. His plan was to attach the gear to the light switch panel and tie a string to the gear and to the light switch itself. Then, when he pushed the remote control lever, the gear would start spinning, the string would wind up on the gear, and it would pull the light switch down. Poof! No more lights!
We were testing this new invention out on the light switch in the garage so that if Scooter needed any tools to “tweak” things, they would be nearby.
We messed around in the garage for about an hour, and then I headed home for supper. We had tuna fish casserole. Oh, it’s better than you might think—especially when mom puts crushed potato chips or chow mien noodles on top. Really, anything crunchy usually does the trick. My dad even tried it once with corn flakes (without the milk, of course).
We were just finishing dinner when the house phone rang. Sis answered but quickly gave the phone to me; it was Scooter on the line.
“Hey, Tyler, what are you up to? Are you eating dinner?”
“No, just finished. What’s up?”
“Be outside in five minutes; we’re headed to the grocery store!”
“Why? What’s going on, Scoot?” I asked, but the line went dead: he had already hung up.
I grabbed my jacket. “Uh, Mom, I gotta go to the grocery store with Scooter. I’ll be back soon.”
“Uh, OK…” She gave me a puzzled look. “Do I bother to ask why?” 
She had learned it typically wasn’t a good idea to ask “why” when it involved Scooter. If Scooter was involved, then a “just trust me” usually worked fine. Scooter enjoyed being vague on purpose—and it could be aggravating sometimes—but he had earned the right to be, because he always provided a good reason after the fact.
“I honestly have no clue why,” I answered.
“I figured as much. Just don’t be stupid, and be home by nine.”
“Nine, mom?” I was taken aback. “We’re just going to the grocery store; it shouldn’t take that long!”
“You are only planning on going to the store. We’ll see what happens. As long as you’re being safe, I don’t really care; just be home by nine o’clock.”
“OK, Mom,” I replied as I ran out the door.
I was expecting to see the Parks’ maroon minivan pulling into the driveway when I got outside, but instead a bright red Camaro with a sorry excuse for a muffler was rumbling down the street and slowing in front of my house. I recognized the car right away. It belonged to Jimmy Langsworth, Scooter’s next-door neighbor. 
Jimmy was a senior in high school, and he spent every waking moment he wasn’t in school working on that car. Tinkering under the hood, washing and waxing the body, and polishing the rims were all part of his obsession—I mean, hobby. I imagined that Scooter must have needed to go to the grocery store for something, ran into Jimmy working on his car in the driveway, and mentioned he needed a lift into town. Jimmy, of course, said yes. He was not one to miss any opportunity to drive around and show off his ride.
As I walked toward the Camaro, AJ came flying out of the shadows on his bicycle and flew past the car and into my driveway, where he jumped off the bike while it was still moving and ran to meet me at Jimmy’s car. 
When I opened the door, I noticed that Scooter was already in the back seat. I looked toward Jimmy, and he stuck his chin forward and gave me the silent nod hello. Jimmy was never much of a conversationalist. Since the much taller AJ was also coming, I knew my place was in the back seat with Scooter so AJ could ride shotgun with those long legs of his.
Once we pulled away from the house and Jimmy’s muffler stopped screaming at the neighborhood dogs, AJ spoke up. “So why all the mystery, Scoot? Why are we headed to the grocery store, of all places?”
“Well, this is all based on a really big hunch, but this trip should prove to be worth it.” He was grinning from ear to ear and loving the fact that he knew what was going on and we didn’t. He shot a quick glance toward Jimmy in the driver’s seat and then went on, “I will fill you in completely when we get there.”
I took that as my cue to be quiet, and so did AJ. So for the remaining ten-minute ride, we just listened to the hip-hop bellowing from the Camaro’s stereo. Jimmy was more than happy to turn it up and show off the limits of his speakers. 
The Camaro pulled up to the entrance of the Bag ‘N’ Save, and AJ grunted a “Thank you” as he opened the door and pulled himself out of the front seat and into the crosswalk in front of the store. Scooter and me piled out of the back seat to join him.
On the other side of the parking lot were several high-schoolers leaning against their fancy cars. Jimmy said he was going to head over to show off his Camaro while we did our thing in the grocery store. Scooter said that would be great and that we would just walk over there when we were finished.
After Jimmy drove off, Scooter began his story. “So after dinner, my dad was sitting down reading the paper like he always does. And you know how he likes to read the obituaries out loud?”
“Yeah, sort of twisted,” I snorted, amused.
“Yes, it is. But it can be funny sometimes. Anyway, he starts reading about this elderly guy named ‘Pete’ who had a fatal heart attack at the downtown Bag ‘N’ Save. He fell down right in the middle of the produce section. Apparently, this ‘Pete’ guy is in the grocery store almost every day and hangs out for a couple of hours. He knows everybody in the place, and he even tries to help out sometimes—straightening up shelves and stuff like that. 
“Well, after he died, they pulled out his wallet to see what ‘Pete’s’ full name is, and he had no ID, just some cash and a used bus ticket to San Francisco. So the newspaper is looking for help identifying this guy and locating family. And get this—here is the description they gave: ‘A white male about 5’ 10”, in his 60’s, wearing a blue windbreaker, with no jewelry except for a silver key attached to a purple shoelace, which normally hangs around his neck but was not on his person when he died.’” 
AJ spoke up, “So I don’t get it! What does that newspaper article have to do with us?”
Scooter, in his usual cryptic fashion, said, “I think we may be able to help the newspaper out.”
“Uh, Scoot, you are not suggesting that this old guy at the grocery store is Mr. Mathisen, are you?” I asked.
“I am,” Scooter said, getting more excited every second. (His “happy feet” started again.)
“Think about it, guys! He hangs around a grocery store all day. Wouldn’t you, rather than being cooped up in that shelter all the time? He was wearing a blue windbreaker when he died. Didn’t we see Mr. Mathisen wearing a blue jacket?”
“We saw a glimpse of him from across the yard through the lens of a video camera,” I said. “I don’t think you can definitely say that was a blue windbreaker. Besides, this is Washington! At least half the state owns a blue windbreaker!”
“Well, what about the key around his neck?” Scooter countered. “Remember how the shelter door locked by itself when it closed? I bet you Mr. Mathisen keeps that key around his neck all the time to make sure he never loses it…
“It wasn’t on him when he died… and that’s why he was using the spare key that we found to get in the other day!”
“Well, maybe,” I replied. “It’s a theory, at best.”
“But the guy’s name is Pete!” AJ chimed in. “Er, well, it was Pete… ’cause he’s dead. Well, I guess it still would be Pete. Or would it? I don’t know!”
“What’s your point?” I interrupted. I didn’t want AJ to lose an argument with himself!
“The point is that Mathisen’s first name started with an S. Steven or Sammy or something.”
“Sammy? Really? You think an old guy’s name is Sammy?” I laughed.
“He’s actually pretty close,” Scooter defended. “His name is Stanley. Stanley P. Mathisen. And I bet you Jimmy’s gas money that the P stands for Peter!”
 “So what’s your big plan, Scoot? What do you expect to find inside that is going to prove your little theory? Ask the little old checkout lady if her friend Pete ever smelled a lot like blackberries?” I chuckled as I turned to walk inside.
“Actually, I plan on showing her this picture.” 
I stopped in my tracks as he pulled a picture frame out of his pocket. I looked down at the picture he was holding out—it was the picture Scooter and me had seen on the bookcase in the underground shelter.
“Did you—No! You didn’t!” I stammered.
“Did he what?” AJ asked, trying to figure out what was in Scooter’s hand. (Scooter was facing me, so AJ couldn’t see the picture.)
“I cannot believe you went back down there by yourself! What if Mathisen was in there?”
“I knocked first!” he said.
“Knocked where?” AJ begged again.
Scooter went on ignoring AJ. “Besides, I had a hunch, remember?”
“So I heard,” I muttered.
“C’mon, guys, throw me a bone here! What did Scooter do?” AJ pushed us apart in order to catch a glimpse of what Scooter was holding.
Finally Scooter ended AJ’s misery. “When Tyler and I were in the shelter, we saw this picture on the bookcase.” He handed the picture frame to AJ. “We believe it’s a picture of Mathisen at some wedding, perhaps his sister’s. 
“Anyway, when I heard about this old guy having a heart attack at the grocery store, I thought we could ask someone at the store if they recognize him. So tonight I got the key, went down to the shelter, and borrowed this picture. I would have just used the picture that Mr. Hull sent Tyler, but my printer is just black and white, so it wouldn’t have been the best quality. So I went down and got this one instead.”
“Yeah, by yourself!” I complained. OK, I admit I was probably jealous that I missed out on the fun of going down that ladder again more than I was worried about Scooter’s safety.
“Well, he did what he did, but we’re already here, so let’s go ask!” AJ said excitedly as he turned toward the sliding glass doors of the grocery store. 
As Scooter and me began to follow him, Scooter instructed us, “Now when we get inside, I will do all the talking. No one else, OK? I’ve been thinking this through, and we definitely don’t want them asking questions after we ask ours.”
The store was fairly deserted now that the get-the-last-ingredient-for-dinner crowd had come and gone. Only two check stands were open. One was manned (or is it womanned?) by a teenage girl named Sarah. It was clear by her perfectly ironed uniform and the multiple stars on her name badge that she was a model employee. I was sure she would know all about “Pete.”
The other cashier was a woman in her mid-to-late forties with graying blond hair. Her name badge said Gloria and proudly announced she had been serving for twenty-five years. She looked like it, too.
I figured either of these diligent employees would know who Pete was and could answer Scoot’s questions, but Scooter walked right past the checkouts and ducked down the Breakfast aisle.
“What’s the matter, Scooter, girl problems?” I joked.
“Those two cashiers are the sort of people we don’t want to talk to,” he said. “They may have an answer for us, but then they are going to feel obligated to find out why we’re asking, get our names, and turn them over to the boss. Those are complications we don’t need.”
He started walking, but then stopped and explained further. “What we need is to find a stockboy or someone who is going to be annoyed at our questions and will just answer so we will go away.”
He turned and continued walking toward the back of the store. At the end of the aisle, we spotted an older boy in a rubber apron standing in front of the seafood department. He was spraying down the displays that earlier that evening had held the store’s “Catch of the Day.” He looked to be about high-school age, and the scowl on his face told me he would rather be doing homework than washing away putrid fish smells. Perfect.
AJ and me hung back while Scooter approached the boy. “Excuse me, dude, er, Sir. I was wondering if you recognize this man here.” He held the picture out to the boy. The boy stopped spraying with the hose and pointed at the frame with a gloved hand.
“Uh, yeah, that’s Pete. He croaked a couple days ago over in produce. Poor guy, he was probably too upset over losing his Purple Heart.” 
“Purple Heart?” Scooter asked. “Was he a war hero?”
“Uh, no. He had this really shiny key always hanging around his neck on a fat purple shoelace. I called it his Purple Heart because when he walked in the store, it looked like he was wearing a medal. Anyway, he lost the key a few days ago, and he was pretty upset. The sad thing is, we found the key the day after he died. It was hanging on a hook on one of the bathroom stall doors. Turned it over to the police, but I don’t know what they’re going to do with it.”
I thought to myself, Scooter’s right. As usual. It now made sense: for the past couple days, Mathisen had to use the backup key hanging from the tree because he lost the primary key at the grocery store.
“I see,” Scooter replied. “Sounds like you knew him pretty well, then. It must be hard.”
“Yeah, you could say that. Tragic too, man. He used to come and talk to me all the time, made the work go by faster, you know? Say, where did you get that picture, anyway? Who are you?” 
“Oh, Pete’s my neighbor,” Scooter said, smooth as butter. “He said he was going to be gone for a couple days, and he asked me to feed his fish for him while he was gone. Well, that was a week ago, so I was starting to get worried. Then, I saw the newspaper article saying a guy matching his description had died here, and I just had a hunch it was Pete.” 
Scooter would usually choke up under this sort of pressure, but apparently he had lots of time to rehearse the conversation in his head, so he did fine.
“Well, I guess I should let the boss know that you guys know who Pete really is.”
“No, please don’t,” Scooter said. “I don’t want his family to first hear about his death from some grocery store manager. They should hear it from a friend.” He pointed to himself. 
“I will call the family tomorrow and have them call your manager to work out any arrangements and find where they took the body… I mean, Pete.”
As hoped and predicted, the boy was relieved. “Fine by me, I am just glad someone knew who he really was. I thought the dude had no other friends but us here at the store… Well, tell his family I’m sorry for their loss… or whatever it is you’re supposed to say about these things.”
He turned his attention back to the hose and started spraying again. Instead of walking back over to us, Scooter turned and walked back down the nearest aisle. I assume he did not want to be seen with us since that would not really fit into the story he had just told the fish-kid. AJ and me walked back down the breakfast aisle and met up with him at the front of the store. 
I think all of us were feeling sort of sad about the fact that Mr. Mathisen had no friends except at the grocery store. And I had sort of hoped our letter to him might begin some sort of friendship between him and us three boys. But none of that was going to happen now. It was clear everyone was having similar thoughts because no one spoke for the entire ride home.

Jimmy pulled into his driveway and wished us all good luck as we piled out of the Camaro.
AJ finally broke the silence. “So what do we do now? You said you would talk to the family; we don’t even know if he has any family!”
“Well, I guess we have to go see if we can find one,” Scooter replied.
“You want to invent a family for this guy? That’s messed up!” AJ exclaimed.
“No, Stupid. I am saying we go find his real family. I say we head down to his room and see what we might discover about his family. He must have family somewhere; he at least has a sister or something.” He held up the picture once again and pointed at the woman in the wedding dress.
“Well, I’m up for that!” AJ said. He was excited to see the inside of the bomb shelter for the first time. 
Me? I was not quite as excited. I had already seen it, and now that Mr. Mathisen was dead, the thought of rummaging through some dead guy’s stuff creeped me out and saddened me at the same time.
It was now 7:30 p.m., so I knew I had an hour and a half before my curfew. AJ and Scooter probably had a little longer. AJ’s parents were out at social functions almost every night of the week and wouldn’t even know when AJ came home. And as I said before, Scooter was not a late-night person, and normally he would put himself to bed long before his parents would force him to. 
The three of us ran down the strip of grass between Jimmy’s house and Scooter’s and then clambered up onto the back porch. The back porch light was on, and it illuminated much of the backyard. But neither the porch light nor the fleeting daylight was really penetrating the woods, and Scooter thought we would need more light to find the key as well as to see once we went down the ladder. He went inside the back door while AJ and me sat down in the two lawn chairs and waited. 
Scooter came out a minute later, wearing a windbreaker and carrying two flashlights. I looked at him as if to ask, “Well, did you say anything to your family?” 
Scooter read my face correctly. He spoke up as we started across the lawn. “They were all sitting down watching TV, so I just hollered ‘I’ll be outside’ and didn’t wait around for questions.”
AJ grabbed one flashlight and ran off to get the key hanging from the tree while Scooter and me searched for the hidden entrance to the blackberries. When we got to the metal lid, I lifted the lid and Scooter shone the flashlight down in the hole for me to descend the ladder first. Honestly, I knew Mr. Mathisen could not have been there since the time Scooter and me had, but that didn’t keep the hairs on the back of my neck from tingling as if we were walking into some sort of a trap. 
Scooter handed the flashlight down to me and then climbed down as well. While we waited for AJ to show up with the key, I waved the flashlight around the walls to see if there was anything we’d missed the last time we were down in the hole. Nothing. I also shone the light on the floor, which revealed our note in a crumpled ball. So he did find the note! Poor Mr. Mathisen never got a chance to respond to it. Scooter picked it up and sadly stuffed it in his jacket pocket. 
AJ showed up with the key and started descending the ladder until Scooter reminded him to shut the lid so light wouldn’t shine everywhere outside. So AJ went back up, closed the lid, and then climbed back down. AJ tried to hand the key to Scooter, but Scooter insisted that since AJ missed the first visit behind the locked door, he had earned the right to go first this time. AJ didn’t argue and quickly went over, put the key in the door, and pulled the lever down.
I wish I had brought a video camera. I would have loved to capture the look on AJ’s face as he took in everything he saw inside the shelter. He must have stood in the doorway for two whole minutes, his jaw wide open, his eyes, as big as ever, darting to and fro trying to process everything they were taking in. I think our snickers behind him snapped him out of his daze, and in typical AJ fashion, he made a bee-line straight for the refrigerator.  
“I wonder what this guy liked to eat!” he said as he opened the fridge door.
“AJ, listen,” Scooter reprimanded, “we have a bigger priority right now. We have to find something that will help us locate this guy’s family.” 
We all looked around. It looked like finding anything might actually be a difficult task, because there didn’t seem to be anything “personal” lying around to rummage through. 
AJ decided to continue with his “quest for knowledge” in the fridge, while Scooter decided to dig around the bookshelf and the stack of newspapers next to it. That left me with the small table with the shoebox and sewing kit. The sewing kit was nothing special, so I quickly moved on to the shoebox. 
As I opened the lid, I knew I had hit the jackpot. The box was full of opened mail addressed to Stanley P. Mathisen: a letter from his buddy in Chicago, a couple old phone bills, a letter from the Jungle Furniture Company, a couple credit card applications, and a few other random pieces of junk mail that Mr. Mathisen must have thought were important enough to keep. 
That was all very interesting, but what I found at the bottom of the box would prove to be our biggest lead.




Chapter 12
An Unexpected Gift
“Stanley Peter Mathisen, 8010 Windy Ridge Place, San Francisco, CA 94117,” I announced as I held up a California Driver’s License. “Wow, this expired ten years ago! No wonder he didn’t carry it in his wallet anymore. Hey, maybe he still has family somewhere in San Francisco!”
Scooter and AJ rushed over to get a closer look at the ID. Scooter then noticed the phone bill still in the shoebox. He picked it up and started scanning down the list of long distance calls. 
“Does anyone know the area code for San Francisco? I don’t recognize this one, 650, but it shows up with a couple different numbers that he called multiple times last month. I bet you anything that this is a San Francisco area code. I wonder what other clues might be in here.” He set the phone bill down and went back to the shoebox. 
“Well, he got a letter from that Brett Hull guy back in Chicago,” I said. “Mr. Hull already told us they went to college together. Maybe he remembers where Mr. Mathisen is from or some of the names of his relatives? I can call him; I probably should call him anyway and let him know what happened.” 
“What about this letter from the furniture company?” AJ asked as he grabbed another envelope. The envelope had a distinctive logo—two yellow triangles, one pointing up and the other pointing down, with a smiling monkey overlapping both. “Jungle Furniture Company. Hmm, I think I recognize this logo from one of the letters that your dad intercepted.” He unfolded the letter and began reading silently.
“Hmm. Looks like they’re recalling some furniture; must be this stuff down here. Let’s see, A-15BLU and A-14RED. Do you guys see a tag on anything with either of those numbers?”
I looked at the blue chair I was sitting in. Its wood frame was supposed to look like bamboo, but I am pretty sure it wasn’t actually bamboo. On the wood frame sat a poufy blue cushion for a seat and a similar blue cushion for the back of the chair. The back cushion had a thin sheet of wood attached to its back so the cushion wouldn’t get scrunched and lose its shape. I found the tag attached to the seat cushion and verified that the number matched with the letter AJ was holding. Scooter found a similar tag on the red couch, and it also matched.
“I don’t see why they are recalling this stuff,” Scooter said, scratching his head. “I don’t see anything wrong with it. Maybe they found it’s very flammable or something.”
“Well, I say we don’t worry about it. I don’t think we’ll have any open flames down here, do you?” I joked.
AJ looked down at the letter again. “Yeah, the letter doesn’t even say what the recall is for.”
“Yeah, that sort of bothers me,” Scooter said. “Maybe I’ll check out their website and find out what the recall is for—just to satisfy my own curiosity. Well, let’s take that whole shoebox with us and head up to my room. It’s only 8:15, and I’m hoping we can call a couple of these phone numbers tonight before it gets too late. Tyler, would you do the honors?”
“How much do you think I should say when I call?” I asked. I knew the truth was probably stranger than anything I could make up.
“I don’t know, Ty, but I hope you figure it out before they answer the phone.”
We all moved toward the door, and Scooter made AJ hold the key up in the air for all of us to see before he was willing to shut the huge door. We climbed the ladder, shut the lid, and then decided the safest place to put the one and only key was back on the nail in the tree. AJ ran it over while Scoot and me crossed the lawn toward the back porch. 
When we got inside, the rest of Scooter’s family still had their eyes glued to the TV, watching some reality show where people were trapped on an island and in some singing competition at the same time. Sheesh, what will they think of next?
As soon as we got up to Scooter’s room, he was on his computer. It was very easy for him to prove his hunch that the phone numbers did indeed have a San Francisco area code. He then did an internet search on the first phone number, and it came back belonging to a jewelry store. So he tried the second number, and it came back as the greyhound bus station in SanFran. He tried the third and last phone number with a 650 area code, and the search engine returned “Unavailable Residence.” That was promising.
“It appears that the third time is the charm.” He reached for the phone and handed it to me. “Here, Ty, you’re up!”
I dialed the number, and as it was ringing, I turned up the volume so that even though it wasn’t on speakerphone, hopefully the other guys could still hear. After a couple rings, a woman’s voice answered the phone. 
“Hello?” It sounded like an older woman’s voice. That was a good sign.
“Uh, yes, Ma’am, do you know a Stanley Mathisen?” I asked as politely as possible.
“Yes… that’s my brother. Who is this?”
We all looked at each other with grins. We had guessed correctly! But the smiles faded in an instant as I remembered the point of this conversation. I decided to go with the “most of the truth” route.
“Well, Ma’am, my name is Tyler, and I live up here in Silverdale, Washington. I am really calling on behalf of my good friend Scooter. He is super shy and stutters a lot.” 
Scooter shot me a dirty look, but I continued, “Scooter’s family has an extra room behind their house, and your brother, well, he has been living there for quite some time now.”
“Yes, he was down here about a month ago to visit me and my husband, and he said he has really enjoyed the last few years living up there,” she said proudly. “And, young man, please just call me Bonnie.”
I cut right to the chase, “Well, Ma’am… er, I mean, Bonnie, I hate to be the one to tell you this, but Mr. Mathisen apparently died of a heart attack a couple days ago.”
Bonnie chuckled, “So it was Number Four that got him, huh?” Her response had me puzzled and worried that she might have misunderstood me.
“Uh, excuse me?”
“Oh, this makes his fourth heart attack. He had his first three while he was still down here in California. After the third, he decided not to mope around and wait to die as some lonely man sitting in a rocking chair. 
“He had a friend named Willy Bloomenthal whom he used to teach high school with, who moved up your way when he retired. Stanley decided he wanted to stop teaching history and go make some! He seemed happy, too. Told me so himself when he was down here last month. Bought me a nice set of earrings for my birthday and everything.”
That explained the call to the jeweler in California. I continued, “Well, I am truly sorry for your loss.” 
“Oh, don’t be. He had a good long life, and a happy one, too.” She paused for a brief second. “He didn’t suffer, did he?”
“Well that’s the thing, Ma’am. I truly don’t know. We hadn’t seen him around for a while. And then we read in the paper that an unidentified man died of a heart attack in the produce section of the grocery store. So we went down there and showed them a picture of Mr. Mathisen, and they confirmed it was him. But Scooter thought it would be best if someone from his family actually did all that official stuff and not some junior-higher who didn’t know him very well.”
“Produce section, huh? Well, Stanley did love his oranges. That is the one thing he said he really missed about California—good citrus.” She laughed again and then asked, “So how did you know to call me?”
I went on to explain how we actually did not know who to call, how we had gone to Mr. Mathisen’s room and found the phone bill. I then gave her the number to the Bag ‘N’ Save so she could call and figure out what to do next. Lastly, I told her about all of Mr. Mathisen’s things in his room and asked what we should do with them.
“I don’t care. Give it away, throw it away, keep it all if you want. Just send the framed picture, if you don’t mind. That day was pretty special. Harold and I are celebrating twenty-five years in November. We got married kind of old, but that hasn’t stopped us from getting older together!” I could tell she was beaming—even through the telephone.
“Are you sure you don’t want any of his stuff?” I asked.
“You bet. Stanley was never married and has no family but me, and Harold and I have no kids. So what are we going to do with all that stuff? Besides, you boys were kind enough to track me down; it’s the least I can do. In fact, when you send me the picture, I am going to send you back some money, in case any bills pop up or you find anything else you may need.”
“Oh, Ma’am, that is totally not necessary.”
“No, I insist! I am old enough to be a grandma, remember? Give me a chance to spoil somebody!”
“Alright, if you insist. I will get this picture sent off to you as soon as I can. Good luck with the funeral arrangements and stuff. And again, my condolences.” I don’t even know what that word means, but I have watched enough funerals in cop shows that I am pretty sure that was the right one to use there.
“Thank you, Tyler,” she said as her goodbye.
I hung up the phone. AJ then chimed in, “Tyler, remember that picture the locksmith from Chicago e-mailed to you? You could send that picture, too. That would be a great picture for her to remember Mr. Mathisen by.”
“Great idea, Aidge,” Scooter replied. “And I think I should be the one to send her the pictures. I would like to send her a sympathy card anyway. Tyler, can you forward that e-mail to me? At school tomorrow, I can print a copy off one of the library’s color printers. An extra picture is the least I can do to thank that lady for what she’s giving us.”
Of course, Bonnie had no clue just how big a gift she was giving us. But we all knew what that was: our very own, fully furnished, secret hideout!




Chapter 13 
The Enigma Squad Begins
The next day was a buzz of excitement. 
“So did either of you get any sleep last night?” Scooter asked as we found our seats on the morning bus. “I just lay there staring at the ceiling all night and thinking about the shelter in my backyard.”
“Me too!” AJ exclaimed. “Our own secret hideout with our very own fridge! We can stock it with all the soda and snacks we want! Next time we have an epic game of neighborhood paintball, we can use the shelter as our base to reload and regroup!”
“I don’t know, AJ,” I argued. “I think if we do that, we run the risk of someone eventually seeing us going in or out of the hole. I sort of wanted to keep the shelter as a secret just between the three of us. What do you guys think? Is this going to be our little secret?”
Scooter and AJ nodded their agreement.
“I think we should make the shelter our secret headquarters,” Scooter said with that knowing grin of his.
“Headquarters? For what?” AJ asked.
“For our detective business,” Scooter answered excitedly.
“Our what?” AJ asked, confused.
“Well, I don’t know about you guys,” Scooter said, “but I thought this last week was a blast. Finding the bomb shelter was obviously cool, but didn’t you get a rush when we were trying to track down where and why Mr. Mathisen was hiding out in the woods? I think the three of us should open up shop and solve mysteries.”
“That sounds like fun, Scoot!” said AJ.
“Yeah, I think it could be fun, and we could even make a little spending money,” I chimed in. “But we have to have a catchy name… like, uh, Youth Sleuths or something like that.”
“That’s sort of a tongue-twister, don’t you think?” Scooter asked. “After all, if one of us can’t even pronounce it—cough, AJ—then I am not sure it’s a good name.”
“What are you talking about? I can say it! Youth Soot… Yout Sloot… Looth Soot… OK, yeah, let’s not use that one.” 
“How about the something Detective Trio?” I suggested.
AJ made his own suggestion before even considering mine. “How about the Underground Detectives?”
Scooter and me both rolled our eyes. AJ saw us and got defensive. “What? What’s not to like? We’re detectives, and we’re underground!”
Scooter answered him. “So, Aidge, what are you going to say to the first person who asks why we are called the ‘Underground Detectives’?”
“Well, because our headquarters is undergrou… oh, I see. Yeah, that won’t work.”
“Now that I think about it, I don’t really like the word ‘detectives,’” I said. “I don’t know why; I guess I just want a name that says ‘no matter the puzzle, mystery, riddle, or whatever, we’ll help you solve it!’”
Scooter and AJ nodded, and then we sat in silence for a few moments. Finally, Scooter spoke up. “What about enigma?”
“Eni-what?” AJ and me asked in near unison.
“Enigma. It means ‘a puzzling occurrence.’  That’s sort of what our first case was, right? A puzzling occurrence.”
“Enigma,” I said, thinking out loud. “It has a nice ring to it. And it definitely will make someone curious to know what exactly we do. I don’t know, though; can AJ pronounce ‘enigma’?”
“Ha, ha, ha, very funny. Enigma, enigma, enigma,” he repeated.
“Well, it really can’t be just ‘Enigma,’” Scooter added. “It needs to be Enigma and then something.”
“How about Enigma Squad?” AJ pulled out of thin air.
“Enigma Squad!” I said, nodding with an approving smile.
“There it is! The Enigma Squad,” Scooter said with glee as he clapped his hands together and then raised a fist in the air.
“OK, we have our name; we have our headquarters; now what?” AJ asked.
“We get to work,” Scooter said. “And I know what our first case is going to be.”
“I thought we just solved one!” AJ argued.
“Well, we did, but we didn’t have an official name yet. This will be our first case as the Enigma Squad.”
“So what is this grand mystery we’re going to solve, then?” I asked.
“Well, I don’t know about you guys, but something just smells really fishy about that recall notice Mathisen got for his furniture,” Scooter said. “It just doesn’t sit right with me. Most recall notices give very specific instructions on why a product is being recalled. That way you can avoid choking on it, letting it catch fire, or whatever else the recall is for. I say we take Super Third Period and do some research.”
The three of us did not have any classes together, which was a real bummer, but we did have what we dubbed Super Third Period.
You see, I had English for third period, and every other Friday we went to the library to research our next writing assignment. Meanwhile, Scooter was taking some joke of a computer class that met in the “Computer Lab” on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. The Computer Lab just so happened to be a corner of the library filled with computers and separated from the rest of the library by a four-foot wall. AJ spent his third period getting an easy credit as a Librarian’s Assistant. 
So this meant that every other Friday, all three of us would be in the library at the same time, which meant, of course, we got nothing that was school-related done. And that is what made it all the more “Super.” So we agreed to meet during third period in the library at the front desk where AJ worked.




Chapter 14
Something Smells Rotten in Canada
My third period class met in the classroom first in order to take roll and then went to the library, so by the time I got to the front desk, Scooter and AJ were already gone. I looked around and spotted them across the room, sitting at one of the library computers where students could go to check e-mail, surf the web, and (every once in a while) actually research something school-related.
“Hey, guys,” I said as I walked up. “What do we know so far?”
“I went to the furniture gallery website,” Scooter said without looking up. He was clicking on various tabs, looking at the different styles of furniture that the company offered. He stopped when he found the page that showed a couch looking identical to the one down in the shelter—I mean, our headquarters. 
“I found the type of furniture Mr. Mathisen has… actually, that we have. But I don’t see any notice anywhere on this website that they have a recall on this or any other line of furniture.”
“What do you think that means?” AJ asked.
“Well, like I said, it all smells fishy to me,” he responded. “But maybe they just haven’t updated their website.”
“Well, let’s call them,” I suggested. “We should be able to get an answer out of them over the phone.”
“Yeah, but they are up in Vancouver, Canada. We will have to wait until we get home to call, since it would be an international call. Hopefully, they will still be open then.”
“Shoot, I wanted to get to the bottom of this now!” I whined.
“Actually, we might be able to call from here,” AJ said. “Mrs. Jennings had to make a call last week after Gerald Higgins passed out in the hallway outside our classroom. They thought maybe he was allergic to something, and so they had to call his parents to find out. But they were on a trip with Gerald’s older brother, visiting colleges down in Florida.”
“I remember that,” I added. “They thought maybe he had a reaction to peanut butter or something.”
“Yeah, he turned out to be OK—just exhaustion from gym class the period before. Anyway, I was up at the board when she called, so I saw the code she typed in before she dialed the actual phone number that was on the piece of paper she had. I bet if the code worked to call Florida, it will work for an international call, too.”
“So we just have to find an empty classroom where we can use the phone,” Scooter concluded.
“Hey, let’s head to mine,” I suggested. “Everyone from my class is right here in the library.”
“Perfect,” Scooter said as he wrote down the number from the website. We then did our best to nonchalantly move toward the library exit.
Well, my assumption was correct, and no one was in my classroom when we got there. We all agreed Scooter would watch the door in case anyone headed toward our classroom, AJ would type in the code, and then I would try and fake my way through a conversation with the furniture people without bringing too much attention to myself.
I walked over to the phone hanging on the wall next to the white board and reached for the receiver when Scooter stopped me.
“Wait, Ty, this will help.” He reached in his backpack and pulled out a device that looked like a kazoo with a dial on it. He tossed it over to me.
“This will help you not to sound like an eight-year-old.”
“Hey, my voice is not that high,” I squawked, and my voice cracked. Talk about bad timing. Scooter and AJ started laughing out loud but quickly recovered, knowing that any minute someone might ruin our “alone time” in the classroom. 
I moved on, “So what is this, anyway?”
“Oh, just a little something I made a couple of months ago. I call it a pitch dilator. I use it to lower or raise the key of songs hear on the radio so I can play along with my guitar. If you talk through the pitch dilator and turn the knob to about -5 or -6, you should sound a lot more like an adult.”
“Hmm, OK,” I said. For fun, I turned the knob to +3. “How do I sound?” I spoke into the pitch dilator. The voice we all heard come out sounded like I had just inhaled helium from a balloon.
“OK, so it works. Let’s do this for real.” I turned the knob to -5 and spoke again, “How about now?” 
The tone had a slight mechanical ring to it, but it definitely made me sound a lot older. And with time running out, it would have to do. If asked, I could always blame the slight metallic ring on a bad phone connection.
AJ picked up the phone and dialed the code as he remembered: 91269. He immediately got a beep-beep-beep. It sounded like a busy signal. He hung up, picked up the phone, and tried again—same result. He looked up at me. “Uh-oh, I know I have the right number. Mrs. Jennings was saying the numbers under her breath while she dialed them.”
Our lookout, Scooter, was starting to get a little antsy. “What was the number, Aidge?”
“91269.”
“Are you sure?”
“Positive.”
AJ and me stood silent for a moment with puzzled looks on our faces. Scooter had his “pondering” look on his face. I could almost see the wheels turning behind that frowny-smiley expression. 
Finally, Scooter spoke up, “You said Mrs. Jennings’ class, right?”
“Yup, fifth period.”
“And her classroom is down the hall and around the corner, right?”
“Uh… yeah.”
“Ok, one sec.” He poked his head out the door for a second. When he came back in, he said, “Try 91359.”
“But, Scoot, I know I had the ri—”
“Just do it! 91359.”
“OK.” AJ reluctantly dialed 91359. The phone gave a click-click and then a dial tone. We stood there stunned for a second, and then I began dialing the furniture gallery. While I finished dialing, Scooter explained.
“The code is 9, then the room number, and then another 9. I am guessing Mrs. Jennings’ room number is 126. This one is 135.”
I finished dialing, and as the phone began to ring, I decided I would play the “concerned grandparent” angle with the furniture company. I held Scooter’s pitch contraption up to my mouth and then held the phone as best I could so AJ would also be able to hear what was being said on the other end of the line.
A young woman answered the phone. “Jungle Furniture Company. How may I direct your call?”
“Yes, Ma’am, I am not sure who I should ask, but I received a letter from your company announcing a recall of the furniture I purchased. I am concerned about the nature of the recall. I often have my two grandkids over, and I am worried about having dangerous furniture in my home with two little ones running around.”
“Um, I don’t know, Sir. I am not familiar with a recall on any of our furniture lines. Let me transfer you to customer service,” the voice replied.
The phone began playing saxophone music. I thought I recognized the tune as the theme song from some movie my sister forced me to watch, but with no words, I couldn’t really place it. I took a moment to tell AJ and Scoot what I had learned so far. Finally, a man picked up on the line.
“Mr. Mathisen, Mrs. Robins informs me that you have some questions concerning our recall on the A-line of furniture you purchased. My name is Ronald Snelling, and I am head of our Customer Service Department here. What questions can I answer for you? And when can we arrange to pick that furniture up for you?”
I turned and gave a puzzled look to AJ. I could not remember—had I given Mr. Mathisen’s name when I introduced myself? I didn’t think so. Warning bells were sounding in my head.
“Mr. Mathisen? Are you there?” Snelling asked.
“Yes, Sir, I apologize—I must have been listening to the elevator music too long. What did you say was the problem with the furniture?”
“Actually, I didn’t. But it is a design flaw we’ve discovered, and we felt it best to just refund money and recover the furniture before anyone gets hurt.”
“Oh no! I have my grandkids come over here often, so I would not want them to be hurt. But I have sort of grown attached to my furniture. Maybe you can explain the problem and I can try and fix it myself? I am pretty good with tools. I—”
“No, don’t do that, Sir! You mustn’t do that!” Snelling screamed into the phone. His voice then softened. “Er, I mean, you really shouldn’t do that, we would not want to be liable for any harm that comes from that. We strongly suggest you leave the repairs up to us, and like I said, we will gladly refund your money or replace the furniture. We even have some men with a truck in your area. You still live in Silverdale, correct?”
This conversation was getting a little too close for comfort. I needed to turn the heat down and give us a chance to think this through. 
“Fine, I will let you guys take care of it—but I want a full refund! And yes, I do live in Silverdale, but today is not a good day. I will be over at my daughter’s house until late this evening. Can I call you back tomorrow and make pick-up arrangements?”
“That would be fine, Mr. Mathisen, and we will have your refund with us when we pick up the furniture. But I strongly encourage you not to delay and let us take care of this as soon as possible.”
“Thanks for your concern, but like I said, I will not even be home until tomorrow, so it does not make sense to deal with this until then. Good day.” 
I hung up the phone, even though I am pretty sure Snelling was trying to say something else. Without saying another word, I headed toward the door. AJ followed. Scooter joined us at the door, and I handed him back the dilator, and then we hurried back to the library. We had maybe been gone a short enough time to not be missed yet.
As we re-entered the library—separately, of course—it appeared that third period had moved along rather nicely and uneventfully without us. We still had fifteen minutes left in the period, so we headed over to the Reference section, where we could talk more freely. No one ever really went to the Reference section to look at the books, so it was a great place to have a private conversation.
As usual, AJ was the first to speak up. “Dude, that guy sounded pretty anxious to get his furniture back—a little too anxious!”
“I know!” I responded. “And you know what else sounded suspicious? He called me Mr. Mathisen. I didn’t introduce myself as Mathisen, did I?”
“No, you didn’t, Ty!” AJ was excited.
Scooter then chimed in, “If that is the case, then my suspicions were correct. I think there is some sort of scam going on here. I’ll bet they were targeting Mathisen because they thought he would be an easy target. Old, single, loner; on paper, he makes an ideal candidate for getting duped.”
“So what’s the scam, Scoot? Do you think Jungle Furniture is even a real company?” AJ asked.
“Let’s go with what we know: I saw the Better Business Bureau symbol on their website, so they have to be legitimate. They probably sell lots of furniture to lots of people. Plus, if they were scamming everybody, then why would they have assumed you were Mr. Mathisen?” 
Scooter continued, “That fact alone tells us they have only one scam going, and Mathisen is the target. I’ll bet this Snelling guy is conducting his own scam within an otherwise legitimate business, and probably only a few others at the company know what he is doing, or would even suspect him of it.”
“So what do we do now?” AJ asked.
“I think we need to do some more research on this Snelling guy specifically when we get home, and in the meantime, we play along.”
“You mean like actually return the furniture?” AJ asked, dumbfounded.
“Well, I think tomorrow we should call him back and at least set up a time for them to pick up the furniture. But, no, I don’t intend on giving them any furniture back.”
We threw out some theories as to what the scam might be and agreed to call the furniture store again from the headquarters; it seemed safer to call from there than one of our homes. By then, third period was over, and we moved on to lunch and then three more periods of the routine life of a junior-high student. Finally, the school day lost its grip of boredom on us, and we piled on the bus for the seventeen-minute ride home.




Chapter 15
The Break-In
The bus rumbled through our neighborhood, and as it rounded the last corner before our stop, it was clear that something was wrong. Several cars were on the side of the road near our stop, and many people were standing around, looking down towards Scooter’s house. When we got off the bus, we could see police cars parked in and around the Parks’ driveway.
Well, I probably should have stopped by my house first to let my mom know I was home and OK, but I was too excited and curious to know what had happened at Scooter’s house. (I would come to regret that decision.)
The three of us ran down the street and up Scooter’s driveway, but we were stopped at the door by a large police officer who filled the entire doorway. “Sorry, boys, nothing to see here.”
“We live here!” Scooter exclaimed. Not exactly the truth, but AJ and me did practically live at the Parks’ house. “Where’s my mom?”
“She’s upstairs, son,” the cop replied. “She’s checking to make sure nothing was stolen.”
“What?” Scooter squeezed past the officer and rushed up the stairs. The officer started to make a move to stop him but then figured “why bother” and motioned to AJ and me that we could follow.
“Mom are you OK?” Scooter blurted as we barged into his parents’ upstairs bedroom. “What happened?”
“Yes, I am fine, Sean. I wasn’t even home; I was out grocery shopping with Wyatt when this happened.” She had been just staring at the wall, with her jewelry box in her lap. She was sub-consciously fumbling with the jewelry in the top tray. Three-year-old Urpy was sitting on the bed beside her, racing cars up and down his own legs, oblivious to all the drama going on around the house.
“I just got home about ten minutes ago. It looks like they didn’t do anything upstairs, but oh, they made such a mess of downstairs. It’s going to take weeks to get things back in order.”
“Downstairs?” Scooter said with a gulp. We had all run upstairs so fast to check on Mrs. Parks we had not even looked to see what all the commotion was about downstairs.
“Yes, they broke in and destroyed everything downstairs. The police are trying to decide if it was a robbery or just vandalism. I was up here checking to see if anything was stolen, but it doesn’t look like it. Downstairs is such a mess, though, I am not really sure if anything was stolen.”
“Can I go downstairs and check it out, Mom?”
She reached out and gave Scooter a tight hug. “Oh, Sean, I’m so glad you’re OK! You can go downstairs; just stay out of the police’s way. Let them do their jobs.” She let him go, her eyes fell back to the jewelry box, and then she put her head in her hands. I could hear her start to sob.
“Mom, are you going to be OK?”
“I’ll be fine, Sean, I just need some time. I’m just glad no one got hurt.” With that, she wrapped her arm around Urpy and pulled him in closer to her side.
We quietly walked out of the room and headed down the stairs much slower than we’d gone up. The mammoth officer from the front doorway met us at the bottom of the stairs and directed us to sit at the kitchen counter while they finished their investigation of the living room.
Once we sat down, we could finally take in the whole scene downstairs. The kitchen was separated from the living room by the counter where we were currently sitting. Connected to the kitchen on the other side was the dining room where the Parkses ate most of their meals. We couldn’t really see the dining room from where we were sitting, but it only contained a dining table and chairs and a hutch full of dishes. If anything was out of place in there, it would pale in comparison to the mess we were surrounded by. 
The kitchen floor was covered with pots and pans and half-empty cereal boxes. The countertops were littered with a mixture of spices, baking soda, and a bunch of cereals that had been dumped out of the boxes. It looked like someone had opened up every cupboard, pulled out everything inside, and just let gravity take over. 
On the other side of the counter was the living room. At least, it used to be the living room. It appeared the most costly damage had happened there. The pictures that once hung above the couch had been pulled off the wall and their glass panes had shattered. The lightweight bookcase that used to hold small picture frames and other trinkets was tipped over, and the contents of the shelves had been left to find a resting place wherever they could on the living room rug. The couch and recliner appeared to have been slashed by a knife, and much of the stuffing was spread throughout the room. The cushions had been tossed aside, but they too had been slashed by a knife. The cushions’ stuffing took the slashes as opportunities to escape from their cloth confinement.
The television had been pulled off the TV stand and was lying facedown in front of the stand. Maybe the Parkses would get lucky and the TV would still work, but I doubted it. I imagined when they picked it up, the TV would have a big spiderweb of cracks in the screen from a steel-toed boot or a baseball bat. That’s how the whole room looked: like someone had some real anger issues and had taken it out on the Parks’ living room. 
The back door was halfway open, and one of the small panes of glass had been broken. I guess the intruders must have broken the glass and reached inside to unlock the door. This was “the point of entry,” as they say in the cop movies. The police must have been thinking the same thing because there was a police officer wearing plastic gloves inspecting the door. He wore glasses and was so skinny he made the door look fat. He looked more like a chemistry teacher than a cop. I wondered if he got the “sciencey” jobs because of his training, because he enjoyed it, or because he was the runt of the police department and they forced him to do all the dirty work. Probably all three.
Skinny-chemistry-teacher-cop pulled a Zip-loc bag with gray dust out of his left jacket pocket and a little brush out of his right pocket and began to dust the doorknob, checking for fingerprints.
Two other policemen, finished writing on their clipboards, began picking up the furniture cushions and putting them back on the couch and recliner. Now that the floor was a little cleaner, they began to inspect the carpet—perhaps for shoeprints or something.
The three of us sat in silence and watched as the police went about their work. There was just too much information to take in and make sense of. I looked over at AJ and Scooter. AJ had his typical deer-in-the-headlights look. Scooter, though, had the look I’d seen so many times before. His eyes darted around the room, which told me his brain was hard at work processing every little detail. His half-grin, half-frown told me he was onto something. For the next few moments, I found myself staring at him, watching him. I felt if I looked hard enough, I could actually read his thoughts as they scrolled across his eyes.
Suddenly, he snapped out of his trance and whispered to us, “My mom was wrong—this was not done by a robber or a vandal.”
“How can you tell, Scoot?” I whispered back.
“They weren’t trying to rob us—look there on the floor.” He pointed near the overturned TV. There was a gold pocketwatch on the floor next to it. “See that gold watch? It was sitting on that bookcase at about eye level; there is no way they didn’t see it. And if they were thieves, they would have definitely taken it. That watch is probably the easiest thing to pawn in this entire house. Plus, it looks like they didn’t even go upstairs; if they had, it would have only taken two minutes to take all my mom’s jewelry. You saw that her jewelry box was just sitting on the dresser. No, this was not a robbery.”
“What about vandalism?” AJ whispered. “Looks like they trashed your place pretty good.”
“It looks like it, doesn’t it?” Scooter answered. “But did you notice outside? Not a thing was disturbed! Only the inside. Why would they risk tripping a burglar alarm to break in just so they could trash the place? It makes no sense.”
“You have a burglar alarm?” AJ asked.
“No, we don’t,” Scooter answered.
“But I bet you will now,” AJ chuckled.
“Not funny,” I said, and AJ shut up.
“My point is,” Scooter continued, “they sure took a lot of risk if all they wanted to do was destroy property. I don’t think this has anything to do with robbery or vandalism at all.”
“Then what is this about?” I whispered, my curiosity piqued.
“Look at the couch and chair.” I looked over at the furniture. By now the police had put all the cushions back in roughly the places they came from. Each cushion had an almost identical diagonal slash from the top left corner down to the bottom right. Each slash had a significant amount of stuffing pulled halfway through the opening. Strange. I looked at the recliner. Same diagonal slash with stuffing coming out.
“I think that our visitors were looking for something.” Scooter then whispered even more softly, “And I think it has everything to do with the three of us.”

By this time, the officers in the living room had moved to the hall near the front door and were filling in the rest of the team on what they knew so far. The human pencil with glasses was now standing on the back porch, working on the outside of the door. Still, Scooter whispered as quietly as he could.
“I think this break-in has something to do with Mr. Mathisen.”
“But he’s dead!” AJ blurted out a lot louder than any of us wished he had. Luckily, none of the officers must have heard; we could see them across the room with their backs still turned toward us.
“OK, just trust me. I’ll show you,” Scooter whispered, with his hands held out as if to keep us from jumping out of our seats. He turned toward the group of police officers, “Um, Officers, is it possible for us to leave now? We wanted to go outside and play in the backyard. Is that OK?”
A heavyweight officer with fire-red hair emerged from the center of the crowd of police and took a couple steps toward us. Although most of his bulk looked like muscle, it was clear that he hadn’t chased any bad guys on foot lately, but he must have in his heyday because he clearly commanded respect wherever he went. Every officer turned as if to give this man every ounce of their attention. Even before the formal introduction, it was clear this man was in charge. 
He extended his hand toward Scooter. “Commander Erik Coleman. And you are?”
“Scooter. Er, I mean, Sean Parks, Sir,” he said, shaking the Commander’s hand.
“And who are they?” he asked, pointing to AJ and me.
“My friends—Tyler and AJ,” Scooter answered nervously. “They practically live here, too.”
“I see,” Commander Coleman said. He turned to one of the officers standing nearby. “Perimeter?”
“All clear, Sir. We checked the woods all the way back to the next housing development and questioned all the neighbors who were home, and nobody saw anything.”
“Nothing, huh?” he said with a frown. “At least it should be safe. Good work, Saunders. Well, Scooter,” he said Scooter’s name with a smile and a twinkle in his eye, “going outside will be just fine. But stay within shouting distance; we may have some questions for you in a little bit. By the way, I noticed you looking around pretty intently earlier. Even though this is quite a mess, did you notice anything missing?”
“Not that I noticed, no, Sir.”
“Are you sure, Scooter?” he asked again.
“No, Sir, I am pretty sure everything in this house is accounted for,” Scooter answered confidently and truthfully.
Commander Coleman turned toward me. “How about you, Tyler? Did you notice anything that I—or rather we—should know about?” He said that last little bit with the same smile he’d had for Scooter’s name. 
The more I thought about it, the more I realized that I had seen that same smirk before on Scooter’s face when he knew something and was holding it over AJ’s and my head.
“N-n-no, Sir,” I mumbled, feeling like I was expected to say something else. And I couldn’t help but wonder why he had asked me and not asked AJ.
“OK, then,” Commander Coleman said with a wink, still wearing that huge smile. “You boys go get some fresh air.”
“Thank you, Sir,” we all said in unison. 




Chapter 16
Finders Keepers?
Scooter walked past the officer who had just finished his inspection of the back door. AJ and me followed him. We all dropped our backpacks in the lawn chairs on the back porch and started across the lawn. In silence, Scooter walked over to the tree and got the key. (That reminds me: we really need to make a few copies of that thing.)  After making sure no one was watching, he entered what was now our secret entrance. He made his way to the manhole cover, opened it, and descended the ladder. 
Not really sure what he was up to, AJ and me just followed him without saying a word. We went inside our new headquarters and shut the vault door, and still no one said a word. Scooter plopped down in the poufy chair next to the table, and I sat on the couch. AJ stood with his back to the sink and his hands stretched behind him, grabbing the counter. All eyes were on Scooter. 
After what seemed an eternity, Scooter’s frown turned into the hugest grin, and his eyes began to twinkle. I knew what that meant: Scooter was about to tell a story. He started talking quickly, as if he’d planned out what he was going to say. 
“OK, guys, hear me out. Here is my theory. This all begins with Mr. Snelling from the furniture company. He’s been working at Jungle Furniture for a while. Then, by some devious plot or criminals’ good luck, he comes across some item he is not supposed to have.”
“Like what?” AJ asked anxiously.
“I don’t know, but we are about to find out,” Scooter said.
“Huh?”
“Just let me finish my story first! So Snelling has this thing he is not supposed to have, and he is about to get caught with it, so he hides it in some furniture in his company’s warehouse. That’s where Mr. Mathisen comes into our story. He orders some furniture from the catalog, and the company unknowingly sends the furniture—” he patted the chair beneath him, “this very furniture—with the ‘thing’ still inside! 
“Snelling soon realizes the furniture has been shipped and has to get it back without raising suspicion, so he sends Mathisen a rather innocent-looking recall letter, hoping Mathisen will just send it back to the company and Snelling can retrieve his merchandise. 
“Tyler, that’s why Snelling called you Mathisen on the phone: he knew it could only be one person because he only sent one recall letter. That’s why he reacted the way he did when you asked about fixing it yourself, because the last thing he wanted was for you to go pull apart the furniture and find out what he was hiding. 
“So here’s the clincher. Now he is getting really desperate. Vancouver is, what, three hours from here?”
“Plus time for the ferry,” I said.
“Right. My point is that he can’t have gotten here fast enough to have trashed my house and gone before we got home from school. So he must have called a couple thugs he knows near here—maybe as far away as Seattle—and told them to go find his merchandise inside some furniture. He gives them my address, and so they show up and break in and start tearing the furniture apart. But they don’t find anything—because neither he nor they know about this shelter! When they come up empty at my house, they have to cover their tracks, so they trash the place, break a bunch of stuff to make it look like vandalism or a robbery gone bad.”
“So what if you’re right?” AJ asked.
“So if I am right, there should be something hidden in this furniture that Tyler and I are sitting on. My bet is this chair because that futon was bent and straightened every day by Mathisen when he transformed his bed into a couch and vice versa. I think he would have felt a lump if there were anything stuffed in his mattress.” 
Scooter stood up and looked at the cushion he was sitting on. He squeezed it a couple times in different places and, satisfied, moved to the cushion on the back of the chair. He picked it up and set it on the small table with the hard wood panel facing up. He knocked on the wood three times, “See, this hard panel keeps the cushion from losing its shape, but it might also keep anything inside from being discovered or ruined.”
He set the cushion on end and inspected the seams, rotating the cushion until he discovered the zipper, which would normally be facing down and out of sight. I caught myself holding my breath as he unzipped the zipper and reached inside. He struggled briefly as he maneuvered around all the stuffing, but then he pulled his hand back. In it was a long, narrow, wooden box.
“Hmm. Interesting,” Scooter said as he quickly moved the cushion to the floor and set the box on the table. The box was made of a dark, cherry-colored wood and was almost the exact same shape as the box of chocolates our family would get every Christmas from my Great Aunt Edith (the kind of chocolates a boy gets excited about until he bites into the first and discovers it’s filled with some unrecognizable fruit goo—yeah, sort of ruins it for you). 
The top of the box was engraved with the silver letters T-R-U-B-E. On one end was a bright silver hinge, and on the other end, an ornate silver clasp. Scooter looked up at us, took a deep breath, and undid the clasp. He lifted the lid to reveal blue felt. Resting on the felt was the most beautiful necklace I had ever seen.
“Oh my…” AJ stopped in mid-sentence, completely awestruck by the necklace. It was made of what looked like a zillion diamonds and a handful of sapphires. I could not even begin to guess how much it was worth.
We all stood silent and stunned until Scooter finally spoke up. “Well, I guess I was right.” He smiled big and continued, “I can see why Snelling was willing to do just about anything to get this back.”
“You think he stole it?” AJ asked.
“Of course he stole it, Idiot,” I snapped. “You think if it were his, he would have stuffed it in some stranger’s couch?”
Embarrassed, AJ shrugged his shoulders. “Well, you never know… So what do we do now?”
“Research,” Scooter replied as he shut the lid. He headed toward the vault door, leaving the box sitting on the table.
“Aren’t you going to take the necklace with you?” I asked. 
“Are you kidding? If that’s real, I bet it’s worth like a million dollars!” Scooter exclaimed. “I don’t want something that valuable anywhere in my house. Those goons who trashed my house will be back for sure. Besides, don’t you think the safest place to keep this expensive jewelry is behind a bank vault door that no one knows exists?”
“I think the safest place for that necklace is in the hands of your new Commander friend! If that necklace is really worth a million dollars, then this is huge!”
“Exactly! This is huge!” Scooter said. “Do I know how to pick ’em or what? What a great first case for the Enigma Squad! Before we do anything, we need to find out who this really belongs to. Then, we go from there.”
“Scooter, are you crazy?” I said. “Did you see what those guys did to your house?”
“Tyler,” Scooter sputtered, “Let’s just hold off for one day. We could catch these guys and be heroes!”
“Or we could just turn in the necklace and be rich! I bet there’s gotta be some huge reward for turning it in,” I argued.
Scooter turned to AJ. He could see where this was headed, and he knew AJ would end up being the tie-breaker to this argument. “What do you think, Aidge? We could be heroes and rich!”
“Well… I don’t see the harm in waiting a day,” AJ said, giving me an apologetic shrug. “I sort of like our new headquarters, and if we tell them about the necklace, we will have to tell them about this place. I say we wait a day and enjoy this place a little longer.” 
“I can’t believe you guys! This situation is a lot bigger than I think you two realize.”
“Oh really, wise one?” Scooter said with uncharacteristic sarcasm. “Please enlighten us.”
“Oh shut up! If you goons want to keep the police in the dark, then go right ahead and do your research. But you can do it without me!” I headed toward the door.
“Where are you going?” AJ asked.
“Oh, don’t worry. I won’t tell the police about your big secret, if that’s what you’re worried about.” I opened the door.
“You’re really leaving?” Scooter asked in disbelief.
“Yeah. I’m going home. You can solve our first case by yourselves! Hope it’s everything you dreamed it would be.” 
With that, I walked out and slammed the door behind me. Well, that’s what I wanted to do, but the door was so heavy, I had to put all my weight behind it, so it was more of slow thud. So much for my dramatic exit.




Chapter 17
Grounded
After crawling out of the blackberries, I grabbed my backpack off the back porch and walked around the side of the house and into the driveway. Only half the police cars were still there, and Scooter’s dad was now home. His red sedan was parked in the driveway, and it hadn’t been there earlier.
As I walked down the street towards my house, I couldn’t help but think about Scooter and his dumb idea to try and keep this from the police and solve things without them. Scooter and his tunnel vision! He almost always had good ideas—and I felt like this detective gig was one of the best—but if he wasn’t willing to see how dangerous this case had become… well, then he wasn’t as smart as I always gave him credit for. Maybe he could create some gadget to knock sense into people, and then he could use it on himself!
As I reached the bus stop, I remembered that I hadn’t checked in at home before heading to Scooter’s house. I was sure I would hear about that shortly. I glanced two houses down on my left—AJ’s house. No cars were parked in the driveway. Well, if AJ came to his senses soon and abandoned Scooter’s reckless idea like I had, then he could get home before his parents did. But I guessed it wouldn’t matter anyway; AJ never seemed to have any household drama, even if Scooter and me both did. I walked up to my door. Time to face the music.
“Where have you been?” My mother’s voice was a mix of anger and worry. She had seen me walking up the driveway and pounced the second I opened the door. She was standing with hands on her hips in the entryway. 
“I was over at Scooter’s, Mom,” I said, backpedaling up against the front door.
“Please tell me you did not get in the way of any of those police swarming his house!”
Thanks for giving me the benefit of the doubt, Mom, I thought. “No, Mom. Apparently, someone broke in while we were at school and Mrs. Parks was out grocery shopping.”
The fear and anger in her eyes did not subside, but at least her body language softened. “Tyler, I’m very glad you’re safe, but you need to think next time. You know that I like you to check in before you disappear to the neighbors’ house. You should have known that would be especially important on a day like today—when there are police all over the neighborhood.”
“You’re right, Mom. I’m sorry.”
“I’m sure you are sorry, but I don’t know if you completely understand how serious I am about this. The police came by here asking questions about seeing any strangers in the neighborhood. I had to call Mrs. Parks to find out where you were. 
“She told me all about the break-in. She also told me that you boys showed up, hung around for a while, and then went outside to play. Did it never occur to you that ‘Gee, my mom might be worried about me, and I should probably let her know I’m OK?’” She actually wanted me to answer. “Well, did it?”
“Yes, but—”
“But what?” she interrupted.
“I-I-I don’t know. I—”
“You don’t know. You thought about letting me know you were fine, but you don’t know why you didn’t. Well, I’ll tell you why. You were only thinking about having fun, Tyler. That’s all you were thinking. Well, I hope you had all your fun, because you’re grounded for the weekend. No TV, no computer games, no telephone, no playing outside with Scooter or AJ. Maybe next time you will respect my wishes.”
“That’s not fair, Mom. All I did was not check in!”
“Not fair? So you don’t think it’s a big deal not to check in, huh? You still don’t get it, Tyler. Well, maybe after a weekend stuck in the house you will understand.”
“Fine!” I shouted as I marched up the stairs to my room. I slammed the door and flopped down face-first on my bed. I laid there with my face buried in the pillow, letting my anger ooze out into the pillowcase. I finally needed air, so I flipped over and stared at the ceiling. But I was still so mad! I couldn’t believe it: grounded for the whole weekend! For what? For not checking in? Didn’t Mom trust me? This was just so unfair.
Staring at the ceiling, I got bored pretty fast, so out of curiosity, I decided to find out about more about this necklace we found. I imagined Scooter probably had already researched all this stuff, but since I couldn’t talk on the phone, I would have to find answers myself. 
I jumped on my computer, brought up a search engine, and typed in “TRUBE,” “Necklace,” and “Stolen.” I got lots of search results, but the first one gave me all the answers I needed. It was an article from an online newspaper called the B.C. Bugler. 
Apparently, the necklace that was sitting on a table below Scooter’s backyard was stolen from the private collection of Mr. Francois Budir, residing in Port Coquitlam just outside of Vancouver, British Columbia. The necklace from the “TRUBE” collection was reportedly worth $250,000, and Mr. Budir was offering a reward for any information leading to the safe return of his necklace. The reward itself was $5,000! The burglary was just the latest in a long string of burglaries of this very high-end jewelry line in the Vancouver area. Apparently, some crook had a thing for TRUBE jewelry. 
I sat back in my computer chair. Wow! I could think of a lot of things I would love to buy with $5,000. Well, at least a third of it, anyway. I began to daydream about all that money until I heard a knock at the door.
“Come in,” I yelled, making sure the visitor heard the anger in my voice.
My mother started talking as she opened the door. “AJ just called, and I told him you couldn’t talk because you were grounded all weeken—hey, I told you no computer!”
“No, you said, ‘No computer games!’  I was just doing research, Mom!”
“Tyler, you are always trying to get away with things based on some technicality. Why don’t you just obey me? You know whenever you’re grounded, you are not allowed on the computer. Why would this time be any different? 
“Now, not only are you grounded from all the things I mentioned before, but you will stay in your room all weekend, except to sit at the dining room table for meals.” With that, she shut the door.
Whatever anger had left me earlier was back and had brought reinforcements. I fumed in my chair for a good half hour until dinner was ready. Then, I tried to make dinner as uncomfortable as possible for my unreasonable mother. 
I didn’t say a single word, and I made sure everyone noticed I was not talking. Other than the short phrases like “Pass the salt” and “More chicken, please,” no one else did a lot of talking, either. Finally, near the end of dinner, Mom spoke up. 
“I have a wedding to go to tomorrow at noon. It’s about three hours away, so I’ll be leaving bright and early and won’t be returning until late tomorrow afternoon. Tamara, I know you have that huge report to do this weekend, so I assume you will be working on your computer in your room most of tomorrow?”
“Yeah, Mom, but I wanted to go to a movie with Shelley and Kristin tomorrow afternoon.”
“Well, I need you to stay here and make sure Tyler does what he’s been told. He is grounded to his room for the weekend. Is it possible for you and your friends to go to the movie in the evening?”
“Yeah, probably, but we wanted to go to the Matinee so it wouldn’t be so expensive.”
“Well, I cannot miss this wedding.” She got up and grabbed her purse. “So here is twenty dollars to make up the difference for going to a later movie. Sorry for the inconvenience, but I really appreciate it.”
“What about popcorn?”
“Don’t push your luck, Tam.”
Great, now I would have to deal with Lieutenant Tamara grilling me with questions every time I left my room to use the restroom or get a snack. I excused myself from the table and moped my way back upstairs to my room. I guess the silver lining in being stuck in my room was that I didn’t get stuck doing the dinner dishes.
When I got back up to my room, I didn’t have a lot of motivation to start the extra homework my teachers always felt they needed to assign over the weekends; after all, I was going to have plenty of time to do it over the next forty-eight hours. So I decided to work on organizing my baseball cards. 
Now that I knew there was a third of $5,000 reward money coming to me eventually, I had to decide how to spend it. There were a few cards I knew I needed to complete the set I was collecting, but I had to make sure I  knew what I was missing. I wouldn’t want to spend any money to get a card I didn’t realize I already had!
A half hour later, I had thirty or so piles of similar cards stacked all around me as I sat with my legs crossed on my bed. Every baseball card I owned was sitting in some pile on my bed. How was I going to put these back in the box in some semblance of order? 
A loud CRACK broke me away from my thoughts. It sounded like my bedroom window had just broken, but as I looked up, I could see it was still intact. As I watched, a small pebble hit the window. A small pebble, but still a very large noise. I knew it must be AJ or Scooter trying to get my attention by throwing rocks at the window. 
I looked at the piles of cards surrounding me and realized it was going to be hard to get up without disturbing the cards I had so neatly stacked. I tried anyway, and sure enough, as I slowly pushed down on the mattress to hoist my body up and over the cards, I knocked over a couple stacks, and many others toppled over on their own, and they all slid down into the depression in the mattress where I had been sitting. Great. 
Well, I thought, I guess I have plenty of time to fix it. A couple more rocks hit the window by the time I got over to it, and I looked down to see AJ bending over, looking for more rocks. When he looked up and saw me standing there, he gave me a nod hello, and only then did I dare open the window.
“Dude! Ty, I need your help!”
“I can’t help: I’ve been banished to my room all weekend!”
“Yeah, your mom told me you were in trouble when I called. You’re not still mad at us, are you? I’m real sorry if you think we’re being stupid, but now we really need your help!”
That’s right! I was still mad at those two goons! I was so upset at my mom that I forgot I was upset with AJ and Scooter for trying to be heroes. I quickly decided to help them. (Well, if I was going to be punished for putting myself in danger, I might as well make it worth it, right?) But I wasn’t going to let AJ off the hook quite so quickly.
“Why should I help you? You guys are the ones who thought we could be the heroes and get the reward. What happened?”
AJ explained that he and Scooter had left shortly after I did and gone back in the house.  Scooter’s dad was still talking to Commander Coleman in the kitchen but all the other police had left. 
So AJ and Scooter went up to Scooter’s room and did their research on the computer and found the same article I had. So they now knew how much the necklace was really worth. They decided they would have to entice the furniture guys to come back out to the neighborhood and catch them red-handed somehow. 
Just as they were getting into the discussion, Scooter’s dad came into the room and announced that he was taking the whole family to a nearby motel for the night and that they would be back sometime in the morning. Scooter, in front of his dad, said, “AJ, I think I left my backpack at your house. You’d better call Tyler; he will know what to do.”
AJ then explained that he had gone home and called me, but I obviously couldn’t answer the phone. “And so I came over here to talk to you. I have no clue why he said he left his backpack at my house. I found it sitting on the back porch right next to mine when I left. Plus, we were never even at my house! So now I’m really confused!”
How is that any different than usual? I thought to myself.
“Well, let me think about it,” I said. “Obviously, Scooter was trying to tell us something. Maybe it will come to me later. So my mom’s actually going to be out of town all day tomorrow, so why don’t you come back here after you see she’s gone and we’ll figure out what we should do next. I’d guess she’ll be outta here by 8:30.”
“OK, Ty,” AJ said as he started to walk away, but then he turned back. “We’re cool?”
I smiled. “We’re cool.”
“Sweet,” he said as he turned and disappeared into the darkness.
I closed the window and plopped down on the end of the bed. Any stacks of baseball cards that had been still intact went cascading off the bed and landed in piles on both sides. There went their mint condition. Oh well, I had more important things to worry about now.
I decided for now not to worry about what Scooter was trying to tell me in his cryptic message to AJ and to focus on our three big problems: number one, how to get the furniture company crooks to come back so we could catch them; number two, where could we catch them; and number three, how could we catch them?
It took me a while to figure it all out. It ended up being a pretty elaborate plan, but in the end, I had a pretty solid idea that would solve all three problems—at least I thought it would.




Chapter 18
The Great Escape
The next morning I got up early and went downstairs to eat some cereal and catch my mom on her way out the door to the wedding. When I got downstairs at 8 a.m., however, she was already gone. Well, this could work out well, I thought. 
I wolfed down my cereal and headed upstairs to begin implementing my plan. I kept the door to my bedroom open and turned my stereo on. I cranked the volume up to somewhere between “downright annoying” and “unruly alarm clock” and started digging into my closet as if it was time for spring cleaning. 
As expected, the door across the hall flew open, and a tangled-haired monster (also known as my sister) in checkered pajamas stood in my doorway, yelling at me to turn the music down. I half-heartedly argued with her for a moment before grudgingly marching over and turning down the volume ever so slightly. 
I managed to drag the argument out a good three minutes before she was fully awake and fully ticked off. She finally said, “I have a ton of studying to do. If you have to listen to that garbage, then please shut your door.” 
She slammed my door for me as she huffed down the stairs—presumably to grab some breakfast herself. Jail guard: neutralized. I went over and locked my door and then turned the stereo back up a tad.
Now that I had established in my sister’s mind that I was hunkered down in my room for the morning, I moved on to getting ready for the rest of the day. I quickly changed into some outdoor clothes and waited at the window for AJ to appear. I didn’t have to wait long.
“Well?” he said, looking up and trying to shield his eyes from the sun, which was just popping up over my roof above me.
“Let’s get out of here first. See that big metal pipe by the fence? Grab it, and hand one end to me.”
AJ turned around and found the pipe I was referring to. It was about three inches wide and about twenty feet long. My dad had intended on using it to replace a water pipe buried in our yard, but he waited too long and the ground got too cold and hard for him to dig up the old one. He kept postponing the project until I think he finally forgot all about it, and so the pipe had sat along the fenceline ever since. 
AJ struggled to lift the heavy pipe and maneuver it in such a way as to hand one end to me and not hit the house or the fence with the other end. Finally, he got one end up to me. I took the pipe and stood it straight up about two feet from the house. I then crawled out the window and stood on the window sill. 
Using the pipe to hold my balance, I shut the window as closed as I could so that my one heel was on the sill and the rest of my body was outside the window, holding on to the pipe for dear life. 
I flashed a grin to AJ and then leaned toward the back of the house and pushed off the house. The pipe and me began to fall. I turned my body so that I was facing the same direction I was falling. But I picked up speed a little faster than I anticipated. So as soon as my feet touched the ground, I ran to help break my fall. It wasn’t the most stylish landing—as evidenced by AJ’s muffled laughter—but I survived. 
I hadn’t considered that the same soft ground that would muffle the sound of the falling pipe would also keep me from being able to run very well. I stumbled into the woods behind my house while AJ quickly put the pipe back against the fence. 
Most of the houses on our street have a decent-sized backyard that butts up against the woods. AJ actually has a six-foot fence that surrounds his entire backyard because he owns a dog. There is one house between AJ’s house and mine, but AJ and me have worn a path in the woods behind the neighbor’s yard so we can get to each other’s backyard pretty easily.  
The path dead-ends at the back fence of AJ’s yard, so a couple years ago we took his old bunkbed ladder and put it back there so we can easily climb the fence. (Don’t ask me why an only child like AJ ever had a bunkbed. There are plenty of other questions surrounding AJ that I would like answered first.) Anyway, on the other side of the fence from the ladder is a large doghouse. This large doghouse is for a rather large dog. 
AJ has a pet pit bull named SPUD, spelled with all capital letters. Don’t ask me why. I will probably figure that out about the time that I learn what the A and the J stand for. 
As far as naming him after a potato, the only thing I can think of is that that dog is lazy like a couch potato. I’m serious. All it ever does is lie around and eat. The only thing that ever gets that dog excited at all is strangers. 
But, boy, does he get excited! That dog will snarl and growl and bark and act as if he’s going to tear you apart. I think he’s too lazy to actually do anything more than that, but SPUD makes one great guard dog. In fact, AJ’s dad had to put a metal grate with a hinge on the front of the big doghouse just so he could barbeque on the back porch without his dinner guests feeling like they were about to be ripped to shreds. Anyway, SPUD was going to play a big role in my plan for the day.
“So are your parents out sailing like usual?” I asked.
“Yeah, at Henderson Bay.”
“Good. I think we’ll get those guys to come here, then,” I said. We both climbed the ladder, hopped the fence, and stood on the doghouse, surveying the yard. 
“Why my house?” AJ asked.
“Well, we can’t have them showing up at Scooter’s again; they would never come. And they can’t come to my house: I am supposed to be in my room.”
We hopped off the doghouse and walked across the lawn toward the back porch. SPUD barely startled as we walked past him. I don’t understand how that dog can distinguish friends from strangers while sleeping, but he does.
 “Why do we have to meet them at anyone’s house?” AJ asked.
“Because they need to come pick up their furniture at a house, don’t they?”
“Yeah, I guess so,” AJ admitted.
“So remember that time when Scooter’s mom was putting on a kitchen gadget show at her house, but all these ladies kept showing up at your house asking where the party was?”
“Oh, yeah, I remember—that’s when we realized that I live at 473 Mountain View Drive, and Scooter lives at 473 Mountain View Court. What are the odds!”
“Exactly. I plan on using that to our advantage. I’m going to call the furniture company pretending to be Mr. Mathisen and act like I thought about it and, to protect my grandkids, I decided to let them come get the furniture after all.  
“Now, they will be thinking that surely since my house has been trashed, I must be onto them and know that the recall is a hoax. That’s when I will have to play the ‘clueless, cranky old man’ and tell them to make sure that they come to the right address this time. Because when they delivered the furniture, they delivered it to the Mountain View Court and not the Mountain View Drive address. 
“I know the story is a little rough, but for $250,000, I think Snelling won’t think about it too hard. He’ll just assume he picked a really dumb old man to dupe and consider himself fortunate that Mathisen called him back.”
“I think it will work,” said AJ. “Why would he think that some old man is setting a trap for him? After all, as a con-man, he probably thinks he’s smarter than anyone. It probably wouldn’t cross his mind that someone could be conning him.”
“Good point, Aidge,” I agreed. “So let’s call and set up a pick-up time. Where is your phone?”
“Wait, Tyler, your voice! You can’t call unless you have that pitch-changer thingy; otherwise, you won’t sound like Mathisen this time.”
“Oh, good point. Shoot. Scooter’s pitch changer was in his backpack. Wait! What was his message to you? Didn’t he say something about his backpack?”
“Yeah, he said he left his backpack at my house. But that’s impossible; we never came over here.”
“Hmm. Then why would he tell you his backpack was at your house? He was obviously trying to draw attention to his backpack, but he was being cryptic in front of his dad. Do you think he knew we would need the pitch-changer?” 
“Maybe, I don’t know,” AJ said.
“Yeah, I don’t know either, but I think the fact that he mentioned your house, when clearly we all know it could not be at your house, means he was actually trying to steer us to the shelter… so let’s go.”
I was probably giving Scooter too much credit, but I had to try. We really couldn’t make that phone call without the pitch dilator. We hurried across the street and entered the woods via a shortcut: a trail that runs behind a couple of Scooter’s neighbors’ houses and directly to the woods behind Scooter’s backyard. We decided not to get anywhere near Scooter’s house in case the police were inside or parked in the driveway.
Once inside our headquarters, I could see the jewelry box still sitting on the table where Scooter had left it. And sitting next to it was the pitch dilator.
“What? How did that get down here?” AJ exclaimed as he ran over and picked up the device.
“Scooter, you are one devious little genius!” I said, looking up as if talking to him while he sat on the ceiling. “You know, I think he had this thing in his pocket the whole time we were down here arguing. His plan all along was to call the furniture company and set up some sort of pick-up. But then I bolted and left you guys without the same Mathisen voice we had used before. I imagine he left the pitch dilator down here, knowing that whenever one of us finally did make that call, it would probably be from down here.”
AJ and me paused a moment to reflect on the fact that, once again, Scooter was a couple steps ahead of us. Then I placed the phone call to Jungle Furniture. I’m not sure if Snelling really believed what I told him, but he did a good job of using his “Great Customer Service” tone and we set up a pick-up time of two o’clock that afternoon. 
I hung up and looked at my watch: 10 a.m. That left plenty of time to set up the rest of the trap, track down Scooter, and fill him in on the details.
On a whim, I picked up the phone again and dialed Scooter’s house. Mr. Parks answered on the second ring. “Hello.”
“Hey, Mr. Parks, this is Tyler. Is Scooter there?”
“Sure, Tyler, he’s in the kitchen, helping clean up this mess. One moment.”
“Hey, Ty,” Scooter said as he picked up the phone. “I see you got my message.”
“Yes, I did. Pretty impressive. We are at headquarters, and things are now in motion. Are you going to be able to get free to help us out? We need you. Especially at two o’clock.”
“Uh, one sec.” The phone got silent for a moment. And then, “Yeah, I probably have another hour of work to do here, and then Dad says I can play. We’ve been at this for most of the morning, and I am really looking forward to getting out of here for awhile. Where do you want to meet? AJ’s house?”
“Yes, but AJ’s real house, not the cryptic one.” Both Scooter and me laughed, then I continued, “The furniture company is coming at 2 p.m., and we need help with the lifting.”
“Gotcha. See you then.” He hung up.




Chapter 19
The Plan
I hung up the phone and told AJ we should head back over to his place and Scooter would be there in an hour. As we closed up the shelter, AJ mentioned that his parents had bought a bucket of chicken the night before and that it was still half full. Sweet! Lunch was now taken care of. 
I hadn’t really thought about that—I couldn’t exactly walk in my front door and start raiding the fridge without getting caught by the guard. For a brief moment, I wondered if Tamara had figured out I wasn’t in my room. Boy, this plan better work; I didn’t know what I would do if I went home empty-handed. As it was, I was going to be in deep trouble, but I hoped catching some bad guys would at least earn me a little credit.
After a very satisfying lunch of all-you-can-eat fried chicken and a two-liter of soda, AJ and me decided it was time to get back to work. We took the nicest couch from the living room and moved it to the back porch. I make it sound like it was simple, but it wasn’t. It was really heavy and hard for us to move in the first place, but then we had to turn it on its side in order to get it out the back door. Needless to say, by the time we got it on the back porch, we had no desire to do anything but sit on the couch and watch SPUD talk to himself while he slept in his house on the other side of the lawn.
About that time, we heard a loud clang on the side of the house. We both jumped. But our jitters quickly subsided when Scooter walked around the corner. He started laughing at us as we tried to compose ourselves. The clang had come from him slamming shut the wood gate that separated the fenced-in backyard from the front.
“Oh good, Scoot, you’re here.” I tried to play down the fact that my heart was still beating out of my chest. “Could you help me take down the clothesline?”
AJ’s backyard had two T-shaped metal posts—one on each side of the yard—and stretched in between them was a very strong plastic-coated steel cable, which was used for a clothesline. The clothesline looked like two cables stretched between the arms of the two T-posts, but it was actually one long cable that was tied off on one end, stretched across the yard, looped through the post on the other end, and then stretched back to the starting post again. And this cable was strong, too. I won’t admit to you how I happen to know just how strong it is, but let’s just say it can suspend several bicycles and junior-high boys in mid-air as if they were nothing.
Anyway, since inside the plastic sheath was an actual cable, it was a lot harder to “untie” than I thought. It actually required some pliers and wrenches that we were lucky to find in AJ’s garage without a lot of searching.
While we worked to “untie” the cable from the clothesline, I explained my plan. We were going to take the cable we were currently untying and tie it around one of the roof supports on the back of AJ’s house. The other end, we would tie to a tree just outside the back fence. AJ would use this as a sort of zip-line escape route when the time was right. 
At first, though, AJ would stay outside and work on the landscaping in the front yard, waiting for the furniture truck to show up. When they did, he would explain to them that he worked for Mr. Mathisen and that Mathisen said they could come right around to the back porch and pick up the furniture. 
AJ would then lead them through the gate to the backyard. After they went through the gate, AJ would make sure to lock the gate so that they couldn’t go back out that way. SPUD of course would go crazy, but he would still be caged up in his doghouse. The men would feel uneasy, but they’d relax once they saw the dog was locked up. 
After the guys picked up the couch to take it through the gate, AJ would then use an old T-shirt or something to slide down the clothesline, over the back fence, and out of sight. Then Scooter, who would be hiding behind the back fence where the ladder was located, would somehow free SPUD, who would go crazy and scare the daylights out of the furniture movers and keep them busy until the police came. 
The police would come at the perfect time, of course, because I would be watching the whole thing from inside the house and would time the phone call just right. The guys would be trapped because the only way to get out of the backyard would be to jump the fence. But who would risk that with an angry pit bull about to bite you in the rear? We all agreed it was a pretty solid idea. If we’d only known how much it could go wrong.
AJ crawled up on the roof to get a better angle at tying the one end of the cable to the eaves of the roof. That was the easy part. We then had to hop the fence and find a tree that had some branches high enough to tie the other end to. The hardest part was actually trying to get all the slack out of the line. It took AJ and me pulling as hard as we could to get the slack out while Scooter tightened the tie down with the wrench. 
Next came the fun part: we had to make sure it worked, right? AJ found an old, greasy shirt in the garage and came back out to the porch. There was a small stack of firewood on the back porch next to his dad’s prized barbeque grill. He stood on a couple pieces of firewood, reached up, and tossed the T-shirt over the cable. Grabbing a handful of T-shirt hanging over each side, he said, “Here goes nothing,” and jumped. 
The clothesline didn’t sag too badly, and AJ zipped across the backyard—Crash! He smacked the top of the back fence. A couple of the planks creaked and cracked with the collision. He missed clearing the fence by about three inches, so Scooter suggested he grab higher on the T-shirt next time. 
In order to do this, AJ had to sort of jump and grab the T-shirt at the same time. Much to his enjoyment, this meant AJ started with a little more height and a lot more speed. It was a good thing he cleared the fence this time, because it would’ve really hurt if he’d hit the fence going that fast. 
AJ was whooping and hollering as he climbed back over the fence. He insisted he do it one more time “just to be sure,” but I knew it was just because he was having so much fun. But he did do it once more and cleared the fence again. AJ had had his fun; it was time to move on.
Scooter came up with a pretty simple design for springing SPUD from his cage when the time was right. The metal door on the doghouse stayed shut because of a small latch that just required someone from the outside to lift up, allowing the metal grate to swing open. 
Scooter took a piece of fishing line and attached it to the latch, ran it up to the top of the doghouse, where he had attached a small eye bolt, and then ran it through the eye bolt and straight back to the fence. He then threaded the line between two boards in the fence, and on the other side of the fence, he tied it to a small stick. Now, he had a handle with which to pull the string. He tested it a couple times while AJ and me watched. 
It was sort of spooky standing in front of the doghouse. Standing only a few feet away, you really couldn’t see the fishing line, so it appeared like the latch just popped up out of the blue, and the door sort of creaked open.
“Now, the only thing I’m worried about is, what if SPUD doesn’t realize the door is unlatched? Oh, wait, I got it!” He ran off into the woods. We heard him crashing about, and then he appeared at the top of the fence and climbed over. He was holding a bed spring. 
People were always dumping stuff like old TVs, mattresses, and tires in the woods. I figured he must have found an old mattress and relieved it of one of its springs. Scooter scrunched up the spring and put it near the hinge of the metal grate. He then closed the latch and climbed back over the fence to try one more time. 
Because of the friction, it took a little more pull to work the latch, but as soon as the latch lifted, the door sprang open and even managed to startle SPUD out of his afternoon nap. Yes, this plan was starting to come together nicely. Or so I thought.
Lastly came the gate that needed to be locked. After looking at the latching mechanism, we decided the only thing to do was to padlock it from the outside—the way the Seevas would when they went away for long vacations. That required Scooter or me to lock it, since AJ would be inside the fence. 
We decided that I could get from the gate to inside the house a lot easier and quicker than Scooter could get to his spot. Plus, it was a lot more important that Scooter let that dog go free. I checked my watch: 1:30. OK, we had better get set up. Scooter went over to the doghouse and reset the spring on the door. AJ went and found the padlock and handed it to me. I am not sure what he did with the key, but it was already opened so I didn’t really worry about it. AJ put the greasy shirt on top of the barbeque grill, where he would be able to grab it quickly for his next wild ride over the fence. Scooter said good luck and then jumped up on the doghouse and climbed over the fence. 
Meanwhile, AJ and me went to the front of the house to wait. AJ went into the garage and came out with some hedge clippers and began to clip the shrubs. I decided that if I were to hide and then be accidentally seen, it would raise suspicion, and I didn’t want to do that. So I decided to just sit on the front porch and watch AJ trim the hedges—that’s what teenage boys do, right? It’s harder to pretend to be a “typical” teenager than it is to actually be one. 
I realized I should probably know where the phone was, so I hopped up and went inside quickly to find the phone. It was sitting on the kitchen counter. I moved it to the small table sitting in the entry way just inside the front door: easy access. Then, I saw the nearly empty two-liter from lunch we’d left on the counter. Why not? I thought. I put the padlock in my pocket and started chugging straight from the two-liter as I opened up the front door.




Chapter 20
Not According to Plan
As soon as I sat down, I could see a big box-truck rumbling down the street. It didn’t have the monkey-and-triangles logo, but the shape of the truck told me it was for moving furniture. It slowed as it reached the intersection of Mountain View Court and Mountain View Drive. I could see the two men take a long look down towards Scooter’s house—too long. Gotcha! I thought.
The truck began to move a little faster as it drove past the turnoff for Scooter’s house. I could now read the side of the truck. A rather small logo for such a large truck read “Simplified Furniture Moving.” The truck abruptly stopped when it realized it was about to pass the correct address, AJ’s house. It pulled into the driveway at a very awkward angle. 
I guess I always imagined furniture movers would be fat guys who had eaten more than their share of Twinkies, but the two guys who climbed out of the truck were both very fit. The tall and lanky men both wore grey uniforms that had a patch sporting the same logo as the side of the truck. Their sleeves were rolled up to reveal rippling biceps, which probably saw a healthy workout each and every day. My plan sort of depended on these guys being stuck in the fenced-in backyard; these guys looked like they could high-jump the fence if they had to. Gulp.
Just then, a police cruiser pulled to a stop at the intersection of Scooter’s street and ours. It had probably just come from Scooter’s house; the police had been coming and going that way all morning. The two movers stopped and very slowly began to backpedal towards the truck. The cruiser sat there for a moment, then pulled away and headed away from us, toward the entrance of the housing development. Don’t go far, I thought, we’ll be needing you real soon.
The driver approached AJ, who had stopped his hedge-clipping, and asked if Mr. Mathisen was home.
“Oh, yeah, he’s actually upstairs, trying to nap. He said you guys might be showing up and that I should just show you to the back porch. That’s where the furniture is that you guys are supposed to take.” 
I nervously took a swig of my two-liter as the guy who had not been driving stared at me. I tried to nonchalantly say hello with a head nod. It must have worked because he gave a slight smile.
“Well, show us the way,” the driver said.
AJ took them around the corner and opened the gate. SPUD immediately began barking his head off and clawing at the gate trying get out. “Quiet, SPUD!” AJ yelled as they walked through the gate, and, of course, SPUD did not obey.
As soon as I heard the gate slam, I peered around the corner: no one. I ran up to the gate and clicked the padlock on the latch and then hurried back around to the front of the house. I was about to walk up the front steps when I saw some concrete landscaping blocks sitting under the steps. AJ’s mom had begun to make a flower bed but had not finished the project. I grabbed a block and tucked it up behind the rear tire. I figured that would slow them down a little bit if they happened to get away from SPUD and try to make a break for it.
I opened the front door, grabbed the cordless phone, and crawled over to the spot where I could see the porch out the back window without being seen in return. What I saw made me drop the phone. 
The little cover on the back of the phone popped off as the phone hit the hard tile floor, and—just my luck—the batteries fell out and rolled across the floor and out of sight. I looked up again, and there was AJ, white as a ghost, watching in horror as the two men used box knives to tear his parents’ expensive couch to shreds. 
They had decided not to take the couch with them but to just tear it open and find the necklace! What would they do to AJ once they realized the necklace wasn’t even there? 
Apparently, AJ was thinking the same thing, because he began to back up slowly towards the barbeque. Finally, when the man nearest him stuck his head way down in the couch to get a better look, AJ decided that was his only chance. 
He grabbed the T-shirt off the grill, jumped up on the firewood, threw the T-shirt over the clothesline, and jumped. He was a good fifteen feet away from the back porch before the men even knew what had happened. 
As he picked up speed, he yelled, “Now, Scoot!” Suddenly, the metal grate on the doghouse sprang open, and out charged a very angry pit bull. SPUD charged towards the men on the porch. 
Just then, AJ reached the fence—Crash! Splinters flew everywhere as he failed to clear the fence. Apparently, in his excitement, AJ forgot to grab hold of the T-shirt close to the clothesline, and those few inches made all the difference. AJ had managed to lift his feet and get them over the fence, but his rear didn’t make it. 
Now AJ hung upside down on the fence, facing back towards two very angry bad guys, his pants apparently stuck on the fence. He wailed in pain and began to yell, “Help, help!” 
Scooter’s hands appeared above the fence. He had run over to help AJ, but there wasn’t much he could do from the other side of the fence. At most, he could free AJ’s pants, and then AJ would fall into the backyard, where the danger was. 
At first, the men were scared to move off the porch because of SPUD, but they soon realized that SPUD was all bark and no bite. They slowly started moving off the porch, toward the corner where AJ lay hanging upside down like a scared piñata. 
What could I do? I looked down at the broken phone in my hand. Maybe I could find another phone upstairs? No, that would take too long to find, and then even longer for the police to show up. Plus, I didn’t want to take my eyes off the backyard. I thought about banging on the windows and confusing the men to buy AJ a little more time. But how long would that last? 
I don’t know what I was thinking, but I got up, flung open the back door, jumped onto the back porch, and bluffed. “Don’t worry, AJ! I called the police, and they’ll be here any second!”
Crash! The concrete block I’d put behind the truck’s tire rolled into my peripheral vision. A police officer ran into the yard, pointing a gun at the two men. “I am the police! Freeze!” 
It was the red-headed police commander from Scooter’s house—Commander Coleman! The two men froze in their tracks and raised their hands above their heads. Commander Coleman inched towards them, shouting orders as he went. 
Just then, I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned to find another officer instructing me to take a seat on the edge of the porch. I spun all the way around to find that the whole downstairs of the house was now swarming with police officers. I began sucking in air as if it was my very first breath—I had been holding my breath ever since I had yelled at AJ. 

Once the bad guys were hauled off in a police cruiser and AJ was released from his upside down prison, Commander Coleman sat the three of us down on the back porch and made us tell him the whole story, starting all the way back at the old man in the mailbox. 
He listened very intently as we bumbled through all that had happened in the past couple weeks. He didn’t say a word until we were completely finished; then he spoke up. 
“Well, fellas, I had a hunch that you knew more than you let on back at Scooter’s house. And, Tyler, I really thought you were going to do the right thing and tell me right then and there. Anyway, I didn’t have any proof, so all I could do was keep a close eye on you. And it looks like I was right. 
“When I saw that moving truck pull into your driveway, my suspicions grew, so I called for backup and doubled back. Apparently, it was just in time. I hope you boys see what can—and will—happen when you try and leave the police in the dark. I’m glad you want to use your skills and start this Enigma detective thing, but that is no substitute for allowing the police to serve and protect you and your neighborhood. Have I made myself clear?”
 “Yes, Sir! Perfectly clear, Sir!” we all replied together.
“Good.” He smiled and walked into the house.
I closed my eyes and laid back on the concrete. It was finally over.




Epilogue
But this account of the Enigma Squad is not quite over. This concludes my official report for the police. (After all, they’re very familiar with everything that happened from this point on.) But I feel a need—no, an obligation—to complete the story for you and for posterity. That’s right, Scooter, you’re not the only one who can break out the big words!
After the lecture he gave us, the commander drove the three of us over to Scooter’s house, and he went up to the house to speak with Scooter’s parents while we sat in the car. When he returned to the car, he had us get out and show him the shelter. 
It was our secret headquarters for less than a week, we were all thinking. Commander Coleman was going to see the inside so he could recover the necklace, write up a report, and presumably confiscate everything in the shelter. 
He sat on the couch for some time, writing and saying “Hmm” a lot. Finally, he stood up, grabbed the necklace, which he had already put in a plastic evidence bag, and said it was time to go. As we stood at the base of the ladder, the commander closed the vault door, turned to us, and said, “Nice headquarters you got there, boys.” He winked and then started climbing the ladder. 
He took all three of us boys down to the police station, where AJ and me had the long, dreaded wait for our parents to get back in town and come get us. Once all three sets of parents (except for my dad, of course, who was still out at sea) were at the station, the commander told them the whole story just as we’d told him, and much to our dismay, he even told them all about the shelter, describing how it had electricity and running water and even a phone. 
I looked over at Mr. and Mrs. Parks. I was curious to see how surprised they must be to find out that this whole time, there was a bomb shelter in their backyard and an old man living in it! Mrs. Parks just kept saying “oh my” over and over, but Mr. Parks’ expression surprised me. With every detail Commander Coleman gave, his eyes got bigger and bigger. But it was not a look of surprise so much as one of amusement—like he was thrilled and enjoyed every detail of the story. I started to wonder if maybe he knew about the shelter all along. One day, when the time is right, I may have to ask him.
When Commander Coleman had finished with everything he had written in his notes, he asked if any of the parents had any questions. 
Mrs. Parks did. “So what should we do with all the stuff in the shelter? And what should we do with the shelter itself? Seal it up?”
Mr. Parks answered with a big smile before Commander Coleman could, “Well, Honey, it sounds like the stuff in the shelter belongs to the boys. It seems that all of it was given to them. And the shelter sounds like it belongs to them now, too. Gee, I wish I had had a secret hideout like that when I was their age!” He said this last sentence with a wink and a grin directed toward Scooter.  Now I knew who Scooter had learned that look from.
That seemed to satisfy Mrs. Parks’ question, and I could see she had already lost interest in the matter. Was it really possible that our now semi-secret headquarters would remain ours?
Commander Coleman went on to praise us for our bravery and reprimand us for our stupidity in the same breath. We got the bad guys, but it wasn’t necessary to put ourselves in danger to do so. He then promised to give us updates on the case as they came. Then he let us go.
Well, the police were done with us, but our parents were just getting started. Scooter’s parents grounded him for a month, but knowing them, he will be out in a couple weeks for good behavior. AJ’s parents grounded him for two weeks from afterschool activities that involved Scooter or me. Poor guy, stuck in his house with a sixty-inch flatscreen and a zillion channels at his fingertips. I’m sure it will be real torture. 
The school found out we made an international phone call from a classroom, and as punishment, they decided to make us pay for it by helping the janitor after school for the following week. AJ tried to say he would pay for it with his allowance money, but his parents said he would have to “grin and bear” his punishment like Scooter and me.
A couple days later, the Commander stopped by Scooter’s house to inform them that the two guys we attempted to catch admitted to trashing the Parks’ house. They made a deal and gave up the home of Mr. Snelling in the Vancouver area in exchange for less jail time. When the authorities raided Snelling’s home, they found enough evidence to link him to most of the thefts of TRUBE jewelry. But Snelling was nowhere to be found. 
Commander Coleman also presented Scooter with a check from the jewelry owner for $5,000. It would have been nice to hold that check for a moment. I’ve never seen that much money. But most of that money is already spent. 
After paying for a new couch for Mrs. Seeva, a new section of fence and a new gate for Mr. Seeva, and various repairs for the Parks’ home, there isn’t much left for the Enigma Squad to get excited about.
Oh, and me? Yeah, on the way home from the police station, my mom apologized for sort of overreacting to me not checking in when I got off the bus. She asked me to forgive her. I did. 
She then grounded me to the house for three weeks. I admit, I deserve it. She suggested I do something useful during my in-house sentence. 
I followed her advice, and as a result, what you have in front of you is two and a half weeks of documenting the first case of the Enigma Squad. Actually, two weeks went by so fast, it really wasn’t that bad. Time flies when you’re having fun, I guess. But now I am itching to get back out there and start digging for clues.
In fact, Scooter tells me we already have a new case. Kids on the bus claim that every night they see strange glowing lights coming from the house that’s for sale at the end of the street. Sounds like a great case for the Enigma Squad to me. At the very least, we have to go take a look, right?

