The Old Girl goes Batty

By 
Rowlen Delaware Vanderstone III

A Contemporary Tale of a,
A Rite of Passage

For Boys Who Love “Wild and Woolley Adventures

Copyright 8/25/2020 Rowlen Delaware Vanderstone III

Smashword Edition
 License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Other works may be priced for purchase or offered free and may have limitations to reproduction without Author’s permission or may need additional purchase from your ebook retailer.


Chapter 1
Trouble at School


The First semester for the Grand Seven went rather easy for the boys’ Denny and Twins had moved up to the high school as freshmen, Jimmy and Roger advanced to Sophomores, and Jake was now a Senior. Terri Walker and Susy Wilks had started the Fall term in community college having finished a summer term.  It seemed like the First semester for the boys went by too fast. Before they knew it, it was winter break. Then that went by fast.  Right after Christmas Jake got a call from Caesar Rosenberg, his Father was taking a sabbatical from the University to go to  Europe to research a new book on classical music. He was wondering if Jakes parents had room for another boy as he wasn’t keen on staying with his Mother in the U.P. and going to a hick school as he put it. Mr. Rosenberg had a talk with Mr. Lake, and they worked things out. The last week in December Caesar was enrolled in Apple Valley High school as a Junior.  
The Lake mansion had plenty of room for Caesar a room much like Jakes with a its own sitting area in the large bedroom and a private bath.  Mrs. Lake was thrilled to have another boy in the house and started off spoiling Caesar with fresh cookies and treats.  Mr. Lake tried to discourage his wife, but to no prevail.  Caesar loved it. What Caesar loved most was the music room at the Lake mansion.  It had a Baby Grand collecting dust as no one in Jakes family ever learned how to play.  Caesar tickled the ivories that first day he discovered it, then shuddered, it was in need of a serious tuning.  Mr. Lake assured Caesar he would have the Baby Grand tuned by the end of the week. Jake set up his keyboard and played some Rag time on it, and the Lakes sat in the music room enjoying the first music they had heard in the Mansion in many a decade.  Then got his Sax out and gave them some soulful music, that stirred the heart and echoed through the mansion it’s mournful notes. Later that night Jake suggest that Caesar join the school band, they could use a good sax player. Caesar auditioned for the band the following week and was accepted.  The music teacher was a lover of blues and the Jazz, played a mean horn himself.  For the first time Caesar was in a music environment that appreciated the Blues and Jazz, a far cry from his Father world of classical music.
Second semester started out with a sour note for Ricky. When he started first semester in September, he was worried that his fellow students wouldn’t except him because he was black. He soon discovered that wasn’t going to be a problem, it seemed as if no one noticed the color of his skin.  His personality won them over. When second semester started, Mr. Walters, the 7-grade math teacher had a mild heart attack over the winter break. He decided that after 25 years of teacher it was time to retire. His replacement was a teacher from out of state, from Georgia.  He was a young man fresh out of college, with an attitude he did not hold to students who could not adhere to authoritarian methods of teaching and discipline in the classroom.  Right off the bat on the first day back to school Mr. Sumter had two of his Female students in tears when he ridiculed them sharply for their lack of understanding the equation he had written on the board. He dressed them down for not comprehending a long string of Trigonometry that a 3rd Grader should know. He then proceeded to hand out a pop quiz on advanced Algebra.
Then on the next day of class berated the  class  for morons when he announced everyone in the class failed. When Ricky Radameyer stood up and said, this is a 7-grade math class not a college graduate course in math.  Mr. Sumter sent Ricky to the Principal’s office for disciplinary action.  Then informed the class that he will not tolerate insubordination and as an example each student would be given an unsatisfactory mark in today gradebook taking 10 points off their daily grade. Then informed them that new textbooks would be handed out tomorrow introducing them too an advanced curriculum in Junior High math recommend by the State School board.  The class moaned collectively. “That’s another demerit for everyone, Keep, this up and you will be taking this class over again next year.” Mr. Sumter threaten.  
They were saved by the bell from another demerit. When a couple of students went to the principal’s office to complain, they discovered that the principal was away on an educational conference and wouldn’t be back for a week. You can see the new Assistant Principal Taylor the office clerk said.  Mr. Taylor made it clear to them that it was out of his hands about the new math books.  When one student told the assistant principal that it isn’t as much about the new text book.  It’s about this new teachers attitude, he keeps given out demerits every time someone gives him a wrong answer to a math problem, then doubles the demerit if you speak out. Assistant Principal Taylor informed them that a teacher is within his right to give out demerits for bad behavior.  “I would suggest you keep your mouth shut, you are not here to be heard, you are here to learn. Now get out of my office, or I will have all of you in detention for a week.  You can tell that colored kid to keep his mouth shut or else.”  Mr. Taylor slammed the door on them.
The Two students walked out of the school office, dumbfounded, they never faced such animosity in a principal before. They didn’t like Ricky being called that colored kid either or told to shut up or else.
Next day in math Ricky finds a typed note in his new text book that was on his desk.  It read “there is no place in this school for people like you. You belong back in the jungle with the rest of the baboons.” It wasn’t signed. “Mr. Sumter, I think I am going to be sick”. With the note crumbled up in his hand, he ran out of the room.  
“Mr. Radameyer get back here at once, I didn’t give you permission to leave. That will be ten demerits for disrupting this class.” Mr. Sumter yelled at Ricky as he ran out the classroom.  He didn’t stop running until he got back to his room at the Inn.  Mrs. Walker was startled, alarmed when Ricky wouldn’t answer his door. She got her pass key and let herself in found Ricky in bed crying. The note still in his hands.  She pulled the note from his grasp and read it.  She went pale. 
“Oh, you poor boy.” She left Ricky in his room and went to make a phone.  “Twenty  minutes later, Sheriff Capp was knocking at Ricky’s bedroom door. He walked in and found Ricky packing  his backpack with clothes. 
“If you are running away, you will always be running from something.  It’s time you stop running and face whatever nightmares that are chasing you. Who gave you this note Ricky? The Sheriff asked the boy.
“I don’t know Sheriff, I found it in my new math book on my desk when I got to math class.  Anyone one could have put it there.” Ricky said.
“I see, it’s looks like it has been typed on an old typewriter, who do you know in your class that would have an old typewriter.”  The Sheriff asked.
“I don’t know Sheriff, the computer lab at school has printers, I don’t think I even know what an old typewriter looks like.
“Sheriff, I just got a call from the schools Assistant Principal, he told me that Ricky is suspended for two days for leaving campus without permission.” Mrs. Walker told the Sheriff.
“What in the hell is going on here.  Sorry Marie didn’t mean to cuss.” The Sheriff apologized.
Ricky spoke up. “Sheriff we have a new Assistant Principal, and a new math teacher. I didn’t want to tell Mother Walker this, yesterday I got sent to the principal’s office for asking the new math teacher why he was teaching us college level math instead of 7th  grade math.  He sent  me to the principal’s office for insubordination.  Everyone in class wanted to ask the teacher the same question.  I guess I said it first.  We know have new text books today, looks like a college text book.  Yesterday two of my classmates went to the principal’s office to talk to him about the new teacher. The principal is out of town at an educational conference.  Mr. Taylor the new Assistant Principal had a talk with the students.  They told me at lunch time today what Mr. Taylor told them “I would suggest you keep your mouth shut, you are not here to be heard, you are here to learn, he also said, “You can tell that colored kid to keep his mouth shut or else.” Then I found that note in my new math book.”
***

“Marie, I can’t believe this, I thought this town was getting past this nonsense.” Sheriff Capp stated.
“Andrew, I don’t think it’s local folks behind this. This new teacher was recruited at the last moment when Mr. Walter had his heart attack last month and decided to retire.  I didn’t know we had a new Assistant Principal.” Marie told Andrew.
Jimmy, Roger, and the Twins came rushing into the Inn. “Mom, Sheriff Capp, we heard Ricky got sick in class and had to leave suddenly. His he okay.” Jimmy asked.
“He is fine Jimmy, he is not sick.” His Mother told him. “He is in his room, tell them Andrew.”  Sheriff Capp handed the note to Jimmy, explained Ricky found this in his new math book.
Jimmy read the note and handed it to Roger who shared it with the twins.  “This is ridiculous Sheriff, no student in school would do this.”
“I don’t think it is a student Jimmy.” The Sheriff replied.
“Then who Sheriff?” Jimmy asked.
“That I have yet to discover Jimmy. Why don’t you boys go to Ricky, and try to talk some sense into him, he was packing up his backpack, ready to run away.” The Sheriff asked the boys. The four darted off to Ricky’s room. “Marie don’t worry I don’t think Ricky was really going to run, he is just upset, afraid. The boys will calm him down, or I am sure Jimmy will sit on him until he does.  You know those boys have gotten attached to Ricky.” Andrew assured Marie.  “I think it is time we pay Mr. Taylor a visit at school. Marie, give the school a call and check to see if Mr. Taylor is in his office still, tell him you insist on seeing him now. Don’t mention I am with you, I want to see his reaction”
‘I’ll tell Jimmy to watch the Inn, it’s my slow season, so there shouldn’t be a problem.” Marie said.
Marie and the Sheriff cornered the Assistant Principal in his office. “Now look here Mrs. Walker, I don’t think one of my teachers would do this.  I am sure that the note is just a prank, there was no need for you to bring the law in on this matter. Sheriff Capp I am very capable of handling pranks in this school, you’re not welcomed here...”
“Mr. Taylor, you do not tell this Sheriff where he is not welcomed. Prank or not, I consider it a serious problem. This kind of racial hate isn’t a prank, it is the mind of a bigot.  If it’s a student, it’s your responsibility as an educator to educate young minds to understand bigotry is wrong and not tolerated in this community. If it’s a teacher, I will have them up on charges of Felony Hate crimes, do you understand me Mr. Taylor.” Sheriff Capp told Mr. Taylor.
“You will not tell me how to run my school, Sheriff, I will not be bullied by the likes of you.”
“Mr. Taylor this is not your school, it belongs to the  parents, and the community who pay your wages.  You answer to the Superintendent and he answers to the School Board, they answer to the parents of these students.  I am of those parents and I am telling you this is no prank. Nor is it a prank when I tell you I’ll have your butt in the unemployment line by the end of the week. You may be new here in town, so I suggest you do your homework. You can start with the town’s history, and who built this town, who built this school building, and holds the lease on this property,” Stated the Sheriff.
“I don’t give a damn about your family history or who in your family built this school.  You have no right to play that card on me.  I’ll have you up on Ethics charges with the county, Sheriff, using your family status to bully me.” Mr. Taylor challenged.
“I’m not the family you need to worry about Mr. Taylor, that family own’s ¾ of this town, and is highly respected by this community. If you are renting a place here is most likely your landlord as well. So, I suggest you back down, know your place before you tell me to know my place. Furthermore, what this nonsense telling students they “Are not here to be heard, but here to learn, then threaten them with detention.”  The last time I heard, “Freedom of speech” was protected by our U.S. Constitution.”
“Sheriff Capp you have no jurisdiction here, this is the local city authorities jurisdiction.  I suggest you leave my office now.  Mrs. Walker, your foster boy, left the school grounds without permission a violation of  our closed campus policy.  He disrupted Mr. Sumter’s class not once but twice in the last two days.  If he is not actually sick, I am sorry, his suspension stands. You can go to the school board if you like, but they have no authority over suspensions, only expulsions. Now, if you will excuse me, I have work to do, or do I need to have security walk you out of here.” Mr. Taylor threaten.
Sheriff Capp walked Marie out of his office. Then told her to wait out in the hallway. The Sheriff stood outside Mr. Taylors office to the side of his doorway listening to a Mr. Taylor make a phone call. “Listen, Sheriff Capp was just here with that colored boys foster mother. He is raising a stink about that note you put in the boys text book.  I assured that northern bumpkin it was just a prank by one of the students and not to worry. I’ll handle it. Yes, I’ll be there on time don’t worry.” Mr. Taylor ended the call.  
The Sheriff rejoined Marie out in the hall. “I’ll tell you later, I drop you off at the Inn, tell the twins to be home on time for Dinner.” The Sheriff dropped Marie off at the Inn and returned to the School to discover Mr. Taylors car in his assigned spot was gone.  He missed him.  He returned back to the station and made a few phone calls. The last call he made was to Mr. Mom. He explain what had happened at school with Ricky.  Then about his visit with Marie to the school.  He then asked Dr. Mom to give Marie a call, and suggest she needs to make a house call on Ricky. Give the boy a signed note that he is excused from school he has something or another wrong with him. The Sheriff told Dr. Mom she’s the Pediatrician I'm sure you can come with something legitimate to keep the boy out of school for a week. Sheriff Capp told his wife, that Mr. Taylor was going to learn that this northern bumpkin eats bigot’s for lunch every day.
***

Ricky got a week off from school, his teachers sending him his school work via Jimmy.  Except for Mr. Sumter’s class.  He stood firm that he didn’t have to during Ricky’s period of suspension. He would have to make that up when he returned back to school. Mr. Taylor didn’t except his Doctor’s note excusing him from his class because he was sick. It was signed by Dr. Sersha Capp, MD., The sheriffs wife. She pulled rank on him when she told Mr. Taylor she was the school districts health officer, she could have the school closed for a week of quarantine, a week of disinfecting the school against the further spreading of the flu virus. Including quarantining all staff for a week. If he refused, she could then get the County health board to enforce it. Principal Starkweather wouldn’t like it if he returned from his conference to find his whole school closed down because his new Assistant Principal refused to accept a physician’s note excusing a student from his classes.
Though Ricky wasn’t really sick, he was sick of pretending he was sick.  Marie kept him isolated most of the time in his room off the basements common room.  With only Mr. Trench in the Inn, she didn’t have to worry that guest would catch on to the ruse they were playing. Ricky spent time in the common room with the Grand Seven and Caesar. Jake had managed to sneak Ricky’s new math book out of the school with the aid of a fellow classmate of Ricky’s. Denny was tutoring him on the new math in a way Ricky could understand.  In turn Denny spent much of his spare time tutoring other classmates of Ricky as well.  Mr. Sumter’s methods where akin to teaching university Grad students and not at a level 7th graders could understand. With those Denny tutored, they in turn tutored other classmates until the whole class was catching up.  Mr. Sumter proudly took credit for his teaching methods oblivious as to who actually was teaching his class, a 9th grade savant highly skilled in technology and math.  Mr. Taylor that week made several attempts to visit Ricky but was rebuked by Mrs. Walker. He even tried climbing the fire escape peaking in to the rooms looking for Ricky’s room, but Jimmy caught him in the act. Mrs. Walker threaten to have Constable Miller arrest him for being a peeping Tom.
Ricky’s quarantine was finally up, and he returned to his classes at school, his classmates where glad he was okay, though most knew he was faking. That afternoon in math, Mr. Sumter surprised the class with a 3-page test.  The class moaned. “That will be one demerit each class”. 
“Mr. Sumter, Ricky has been out of class sick for a whole week, he hasn’t had time to catch up.” A classmate defended.
“That is not my fault, Mr. Radameyer will take the test. I don’t think I have to remind you to keep your eyes on your own test. No talking, or you fail the test, and I will mark you down as a cheater.” You have thirty minutes to finish the test. When finished I expect you to remain quiet or you will fail the test. Please turn your test over and start now. Thirty minutes later Mr. Sumter, halted the test.  He collect them. I expect you to review yesterday lesson while I grade these test. Mr. Sumter sorted out a test paper from the stack of the test in his hands. Sat at his desk and graded it. Then called out Ricky’s name. “Ricky Radameyer, I  expected this of you, you been out of this class for one week, and you expect me to believe you got 100% right.  I wasn’t born yesterday class. I don’t know who it was, but someone here helped Ricky cheat on this test. Until, that someone, comes forward I have no choice but to fail you all for the cheaters you are. Come on who was it.” The class remained quiet.  “I mean it class, or you all will be expelled for cheating.  Not suspended, Expelled for the rest of the school year. You will have to repeat the 7th grade over.
The class sat there stoned faced. “if that’s the way it’s going to be, Mr. Radameyer, report to Mr. Taylor now, I will be explaining to him you were caught cheating, you be expelled. March right on out of here. Leave your books here.”  As Ricky got up the whole class stood, as Ricky walked out of the room, the whole class marched right out with him. No one went to see Mr. Taylor. Instead, they went to their lockers, put their coats, hat and gloves on and left the school following Ricky to the Inn where they had an old fashion sit in. Mrs. Walker stood at front desk not surprised.  Ricky told his Foster mom why they were there. The phone rang at the desk. It was Assistant Principal Taylor.
“Mrs. Walker, I have just been informed that your Foster Son has led his classroom out of the school in rebellion. Mr. Sumter caught him cheating on a test and accuses someone in the class of helping him cheat. Mr. Sumter told the class to reveal the one who helped him cheat. When they didn’t, he order Ricky to go to my office for cheating.  I will have no choice but have him expelled and everyone in his class.  Where is Ricky, Mrs. Walker, I will have him arrested for causing a riot at school.  No colored boy will ever walk in the hallways of this school again.”
“Mr. Taylor, Ricky is right here, with his class mates having a sit in. I don’t see anyone rioting.” She hung upon him.  An hour later the inn was packed full of parents, having a sit in.  Constable Miller showed up with Mr. Taylor at the front door, it was locked.  Mrs. Walker cracked it open. Constable Miller explained that Mr. Taylor claims Ricky led a riot at school and was pressing charges. “Constable Miller do you have a warrant for Ricky?”
“No Marie.”
“Then I suggest you get one before I can let you in the inn. I am having a parents meeting at the moment.” Mr. Taylor tried to force his way in but was rebuffed by Marie. “Mr. Taylor you are not a parent, this meeting is for parents only. You were not invited. Good day Constable Miller” Then shut the door and relocked it.  A cheer rose up in the lobby of the inn.
Sheriff Capp arrived moments later.  Marie let him in.  Everyone tried to talk all at once, parents and their children alike. “Please everyone not all at once. Will Ricky and his classmates come forward please. Please parents I need to get the story from them first.  Ricky, what happened in class today.  “Sheriff I arrived in math class today. Mr. Sumter surprised us with a 3-page test. John Will’s told Mr. Sumter he didn’t think I should take the test since I hadn’t been in class all week. Mr. Sumter more or less, said tough luck he is going to take the test and fail. Not my problem.  We took the test in the required time.  Mr. Sumter collected the tests and sorted one out to grade, it was mine.  He call me out, and accused me of cheating, there was no way I could have gotten 100% on the test he claimed. Then he threaten the whole class with expulsion if the person who helped me cheat didn’t come forward. No one came forward, then he told the whole class they failed the test also.  He had graded only my test. Then ordered me to the office to see Mr. Taylor for cheating and Mr. Sumter was going to see I was expelled for cheating.  That was when I stood and walked out, the whole class followed me out.  Mr. Sumter threaten to expel all of them for cheating if they didn’t come back.  We came here instead.” Ricky told the Sheriff.  
“John Will’s is this want happened?” 
“Yes, sir in a nut shell.” John Wells said.
“Did any of you riot, I mean cause any damage to the hallways, disturb any other classrooms.”
“No, sir.  We went to our lockers quietly, got our coats and things, left the building with Ricky. I don’t think any of the other classrooms even noticed us.” Mary Cook told the Sheriff.
“Thank you, Mary. Listen-up folks, I believe what the kids are saying, now don’t get riled up, Do, you believe what your kids are telling you.” The sheriff asked them. They all said yes. “Then we are all in agreement. I understand Constable Miller was just here with Mr. Taylor.   Miller tells me that Taylor is claiming you children vandalized his office then went screaming down the hallways like the hellions you are. He wants you all arrested.  Now, don’t worry, I sent a deputy over to the school to investigated this vandalism.  It would seem that Mr. Taylor did it himself in fit of rage after he ended a phone call to Mrs. Walker. The school secretary tells my deputy. Then stumped out of the building.  
Apparently going to the Constable with his story of rioting in the hallways.  What makes matters worse he has gone over my head to the State Police. They asked why I haven’t put the school on lock down and put a stop to this rioting.  I told them this was the first I heard of a riot at the school, and I would get right on top it.  Before I left the station, it came over the news, that there has been a riot at Apple Valley high school, that Assistant Principal Taylor was assaulted by students.  Then a call from Constable Miller. He is now aware that there was no riot.  He is now looking for Mr. Taylor on my orders to arrest him for, well, literally causing a public riot. 
Outside of you parents here, there is a mob of parents at school storming the school for answers.  Which is where I should be now.  I want you to remain her or go home before the press shows up.  I assure you something is rotten in Demark here and I attend to find out what that rot is.  Marie, keep Ricky here behind locked doors.  Jimmy and the other boys should be here soon. Undersheriff Hanson is releasing the students now and gathering the parents together in the gym, waiting on me.
***

Sheriff Capp meets with the  angry and confused parents in the gym.  He explains that there was no riot in the school, false rumor and no staff of this school was assaulted, and yes, there was a walk out of students from Mr. Sumter’s math class in protest of the teacher threatening them expulsion for the whole class for cheating on a math test. Mr. Taylor vandalized his own office in a fit of rage, like a spoiled child who wasn’t getting a cookie he wanted. There are some staffing issues here that needs sorting out.  Principal Starkweather has been at a conference all week and is due back tomorrow. I am sure the school board and Principal Starkweather will sort things out in due time. None, of the students where hurt or in any danger.  In fact, they were not aware there was a walk out going on, to busy paying attention to their teachers.  I have met with those students who walked out and their parents already. I  have a good idea why they walked out.  If I had been in there shoes, I would have walked out too. They were protested another classmates verbal abuse by their teacher. Not to be tolerated under any circumstance.  I assure you Mr. Starkweather will deal with this tomorrow.  Go home, and please don’t talk to the press, there is enough confusion as it is.  I will be making an official statement later to them.  Go home have a good meal. I may miss mine again. But that goes with the territory of being your Sheriff. After making an official statement with the press, Sheriff Capp actually got that meal then returned to the station for a late night in his office tying up loose ends.
The next day in school everything was back to normal they thought, when the Grand seven arrived to open their lockers to get their books out for their first class of the day.  Each member, except Ricky  found a note in their locker, pushed through the vents in the door.  They were all typed off the same typewriter that Ricky’s note had been typed on. “Adolf killed sympathizers”.  Charley called the Sheriff at home.  In Ten minutes, he was at the school.  Principal Starkweather arrived shortly after.  The Superintendent of schools Debbie McGee right behind him.  The Superintendent had filled in Principal Starkweather last night when he arrived back in to town.  Needless to say, he wasn’t a happy camper. His day just got worse when Sheriff Capp showed him and Superintendent McGee the six notes the boys found in their lockers.
“I agree Sheriff, this isn’t about a power-hungry Assistance Principal or an overbearing teacher fresh out of college. It’s a death threat because of Rick’s ethnicity. I can’t believe this is happening in Grand Apple Valley Junction.” Principal Starkweather stated. 
“Edward, I would agree with you, but we are not that small to be immune from a rising Global epidemic of racism.  We can’t keep our heads in the sand and hide anymore.  I am learning that statistically racism is encroaching on small communities everywhere as if it’s an organized effort to undermine society from attacking the smallest community easier targets to catch off guard.  You plant seeds in virgin fertile ground to watch them grow unnoticed by the people around them.  When you consider that you have 100 small towns to every one large city in every state of the union.” Sheriff Capp reported.
“Sheriff Capp is right Edward, as educators we often get so involved in the 3 r’s we forget current events are just as important.  Social Studies take a back seat to Sports, Math, and Science. Many of our students enter the real world unprepared to deal with racism or have pre-conditioned and judgmental flaws when they have been exposed to the wrong context of reality out there. Our Media today can share that responsibility in glorifying that reality and how we see it through smoked glasses.  Ricky at no fault of his own, except to be born with a different skin color is the subject of so much hate in the world.” Debbie McGee said.
“Sheriff want do you recommend we do?” Edward asked.
“First we have to consider the safety of our students at school.  That first note was an isolated threat.  Seven more is a threat to the whole school.  Whoever is behind this, and I will be honest with you?  Mr. Taylor is still the #1 suspect here and Mr. Sumter. I overhead Mr. Taylor calling Ricky that “colored boy” when Mr. Taylor wasn’t aware, I was listening to a phone call he made right after Marie and I had visited his office when Ricky was first suspended.  Marie Walker heard it again on the phone call Mr. Taylor made to her after Sumter’s Class walked out and they showed up at the Inn. Mr. Taylor isn’t one to hide his racism. Mr. Sumter signaling Ricky out is also motivated by racism. If the two are not linked in this I will be surprised.  That phone call he made that I was listening in on  was to someone also linked to this.  We have a third unknown here, and something about a meeting he had to attend on time. Smacks of a white supremacy to me, men meeting behind closed doors and saluting a Red flag with a spider on it.  There’s a cell of Neo Nazi’s meeting around here. Those last  note’s confirm that when they spoke of “Adolf kills Sympathizers.”  The boys have always been supportive of Ricky and are not afraid to defend him either.  Now we have whole math class defending Ricky.  I’m sorry Debbie but I must ask you to close the school down until we route out this cell. It’s the only way we can protect the students.” Sheriff Capp recommended.
“Won’t we put them in greater risk being home and out in the community easy targets.” Edward asked. 
“Edward would you want them in school under one roof, where one bomb could take them all out or a school shooting.” Sheriff Capp stated.
“Sheriffs right Edward.  Use the phone tree system and talk to every teacher telling them all classes are canceled until further notice, have each teacher monitor the hallways and make sure each student gets their coats, hats, and gloves from their lockers. Leave their books behind in class. Then instigate the phone tree alert to all parents that we are sending their kids home.  Then alert the Bus drivers to get here as soon, as they can. Then have the teachers direct the rural Students to the gym to wait for their buses. I want that gym locked down until those buses are here and ready to go.  Then get any spare hands to check the school from top to bottom to make sure we haven’t missed any student or staff. Will that do Sheriff?” Debbie asked. Edward left the office and started to alert teachers, and staff, then activate the phone tree alert system.
“Yes, Debbie. Maintain the office to field any calls from parents, tell them you had a reliable report from me that threats have been made on several students in the school, that I ordered an evacuation. No more than that. I’ll contact the State Police and give them an update on the newest threats. I suspect they will have a task force here to go over the school and make sure there are no planted bombs or any other threats here.  It’s protocol under these circumstance and will reassure parents the school is safe. To reopen when we do reopen it. Just so you know, I contacted the FBI before you arrived here. They will be on the scene here with their Special Hate Crime unit by this time tomorrow.  They are good at routing out these cells. If you will excuse me, I have eight boys to escort home.” Sheriff Capp left the school in organized chaos. He took Jake and Caesar home first, then dropped off Jimmy and Ricky. Then Roger and took Denny and the twins home before he went to the station.


Chapter 2
It’s that Time Again 
For Traditions


Later that evening, after the school was closed down.  Sheriff Capp got a call at home from his Undersheriff Jeff Hanson. Deputy Santino spotted Mr. Taylors car heading east on the Old Mill Road just past County Road 11.  The car  turned off Old Mill road on to the drive to the closed McGregor campground. She reported she made a reconnaissance of the campground on foot where she spotted 8 vehicles and one bus 20 seats, parked at the old campground pavilion. There’s a generator running feeding power to the building. A large Nazi flag is hanging over the doorway. Two guards at the door dressed in 1940 German era uniforms armed to the teeth. She is awaiting orders just out of site of the driveway on channel 5. 
“Jeff, get as many units out there as you can, block off West Old Mill road at country Rd 10, then put a block on the south and north end of County road 11 at Steven’s South and Cutler North. Old Mill rd. east is a dead end, that should pin them in. Stand by.”
The Sheriff switches on his base radio and connects to Santino. “Martha, pull back to County Road 11, there is a fire access road just off to your right on Old Mill road west, you will have a good position to watch the intersection out of sight of traffic coming west on Old Mill road and on the County road.  Hold your position.  The Old Mill Road bridge at the eastern end is closed condemned. There only way out is back to your position. Jeff is ordering road blocks at South Stevens, and North Cutler at County Rd 11, and Old Mill west of you at County Rd 10. Do not stop any new arrivals. Go back and wait. I’ll will be there with the State police from the School as soon as I can. Out.”
The Sheriff radios the state police stationed at the school. “Captain Charles, we have spotted Mr. Taylor at the old McGregor campground off East Old Mill road. I have men getting in position to block off the area at Stevens and Country rd. 11, Cutler at 11, and west Old mill road at county 10., and one deputy is already within site of the campground at Old Mill road and County Rd. 11. She reports a Nazi cell at the campground pavilion with armed guards, 8 vehicles and a 20-seat bus.  I would say around 30-50 in attendance at a rally. There is only one way out that  is west on Old Mill road, East Old Mill rd. is a dead end condemned bridge.  No other way out of the campground it butts up to Apple river.  Requesting assistance.  Use county channel 5 will be in route on Miller Rd from town south to Stevens and county 11. Will meet you there. Go black one mile out. Sheriff out”
“Copy that Sheriff Capp. I have 3 units here, meet you at Stevens. Will ask for available help in route. Will update you on ETA. Charles out. Okay men you heard the Sheriff, go black one mile out.”
Sheriff Capp grabs his side arm and loads it. Then grabs two rifles from the gun cabinet, with several rounds for each. He turns to the twins who had walked in hearing the chatter on the radio. “Tell you mother to standby at the clinic and have her two ambulances sent out to Stevens and County rd. 11, tell her, hell is about to break loose. Strike that, tell her we found that Nazi cell and they are armed they may be casualties. Have her switch to secured channel 5. Stay off that channel boys.  Tell you Aunt Nellie and Denny to hold tight no communications to anyone boys. I’m out of here. A minute later Sheriff Capp is racing down the road to Miller and out of town.
A half hour later, the State police, Sheriff Capp, and county deputies were in place at the blockades. With two ambulances in waiting. The country deputies reported no traffic has approached the blockades after arrival. Deputy Santino reports no activity at her end. Sheriff Capp gave the signal, and the blockade and ambulances move in to position at Old Mill Rd and county 11 blocking off the intersection with four county cars 4 deputies, Sheriff Capp with his car, and the 3 state police cruisers with 5 troopers, advanced to within 20 feet of the driveway. They embarked leaving 2 officers at the foot of the drive way, the 9 under cover of the night advance unto the pavilion. 2 officers split off to the right and left of the pavilion to circle around the building to cover the rear entrance. Captain Charles directed 2 men to advance forward just to the right front of the building under shadow off the parking lot.  Sheriff Capp had his 2 men to take the left front of the building off the parking lot. The two circling to the rear confirmed in his ear piece they were position, no rear guard. 
Captain Charles and Sheriff Capp moved forward through the parked vehicles toward the front doors where the armed Guards where obviously bored, learning up against the door smoking pot. With the signal from Captain Charles the two far flanks charged in, just as Captain Charles and Sheriff Capp rushed the guards. They had the guards, pinned down, disarmed, and gagged without a sound. Sheriff Capp order the two men at the drive way to come forward to the middle of the parking lot. One trooper split off  over to the generator and pulled the plug.  Trooper McCulley on the bull horn blasted out his commands. “This is the state police you are surrounded come out with your hands up.” The first three men out where armed with assault rifles blaring, Captain Charles, and Sheriff Capp up against the wall on either side of the doors slammed then shut on two others who were trying to get out.  Then they shot the Three with the assault rifles blaring, shooting their legs out from under them. Kicked the riffles out of there reach. The two inside started blasting the doors with rifles. Then kicked them out, only to get shot at point blank in the gut. Then rifle shouts where heard at the back of the pavilion then returned fire. It ended. In his ear piece his Deputy reported trooper down, shoulder wound. Three disabled suspect blocking the rear door. No further movement at this time.
Captain Charles order his trooper in the parking lot to fire two tear gas charges in to the pavilion. The six officers waited outside. One by one 32 men walked out of the pavilion with their hands up unarmed. Then more gun fire at the back was heard and return fire. “Sheriff, two tried to escape, I wounded one and the other surrendered his weapon, it would appear by the uniforms they are wearing they are officers of this bunch of crazies. I have both zipped tied feet and hands.”
“Copy that deputy Santino, stand by.” Sheriff Capp ordered. Let’s get these men zipped tied and on to that bus. Minutes later, they had 32 prisoners secured on the bus with two troopers on guard at the front and back doors of the bus. “Santino watch that door, I am plugging the power back in at the generator.  On my mark proceed in, the four of us  will come in from the front.”  Five minutes later the pavilion was cleared of suspects in the building.  He radioed the ambulances. “It’s all clear I repeat its all clear, move in, we have one officer down shoulder wound. One suspect wounded. 2 suspects confirmed dead, 6 suspects seriously wounded, and 32 suspect subjected to tear gas.” He turned to Captain Charles. “I could use that support now Captain Charles.”
“I just got a confirmation, ETA 10 minutes one whirly bird in the air, Two support vans with medics ETA 15 minutes. And one angry commander on that Bird.
***

“Sheriff Capp, will tell me want in darnation is going on here?” State Police Commander Anthony Jonson yelled. 
“Commander, it should be obvious we conducted a raid on a Nazi cell of Skin heads sir.” Sheriff Capp snapped back.
“I know that Sheriff. What I want to know is why with only 10 officers did you go up against 41 armed men. You put six of my Troopers at risk, got one of your deputies wounded, you should have waited for back up.”
“Commander waiting would have put the whole operation at risk if these Neo Nazi got spooked and left before we could even got road blocks up.  The element of surprise was on our side.” Sheriff defended.
“I have got a report on you on my desk Sheriff Capp a formal complaint about how you are a bully in uniform, throwing your conceited weight around, threatening people with your family wealth and status in this county if they don’t do as you please.  I believe the complaint used the words superiority complex driven by authority to rule over people you see as weaker and lessor then you are.” Commander Jonson stated.
“I beg your pardon Commander, who filed that report.” Sheriff Capp demanded.
“It was a respected and upright citizen of Grand Apple Valley Junction, Assistant Principal Stephen Taylor of Apply Valley High.  He also claims you assaulted him in his office, threaten to have him fired if he didn’t bow down to you.” Commander Jonson stated.
“Commander let me introduce you to the leader of these Neo Nazi, who threaten not only eight boys, but the whole school. I believe he said “Adolf Kills Sympathizers” those who defend a Black student at the school. Said that student should go back to the jungle to live like the Baboon he is.” Sheriff Capp let the Commander to his squad car where there sat a man dressed in a uniform of a General in the Protection Squad of the SS, Hitlers enforcers. “This fine upstanding citizen is Assistant Principal Stephen Taylor of Apple Valley High Commander.”  
The Commander bent over into the back of the Squad car to get a closer look at Taylor.  Taylor looked at the Commander spat in his face, “Get that black baboon out of my Face.” 
The Commander jumped back, wiping the spit off his face. He turned to Sheriff Capp. “My sincerest apologies Sheriff, I will shred that report when I get back to my office.”
“Commander, Sheriff Capp, we found in the pavilion a trap door leading down to a dirt cellar. It was stacked to the rafters with crates of Assault Rifles. Automatic pistols, C-4 and this.  The trooper handed the Commander with a map of the floor plan of Apply Valley High showing “X’s” marked all over the 3 floors of the school. “We also found this journal, read the last entry”
Commander read the entry aloud. “January (Sunday) 24, 2021, plant C-4 at school, January (Monday) 25, 2021 day the baboon dies, and all his Sympathizers.”
A second Trooper arrives, “Commander there is an FBI agent on the radio asking for a reserve Senior Assistant Agent in Charge, Andrew Capp.”
“That will be me Trooper, I’ll handle it Commander.”  Sheriff Capp followed the trooper to the support van. Commander Jonson realized he was way out in left field without a glove, hands, or arms, and the winning pitchl of the world series was fast approaching.
The FBI took charge of the prisoners, and Mr. Taylor.  The ATF, Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives agency took care of the C-4 and weapons.  The Neo Nazi regalia, Literature, and journal was bag and tagged as evidence. Within forty-eight hours the campground was cleared of any evidence that the Neo Nazi cell had ever existed. With a final search of the campgrounds, and the river bank at sunrise that morning of the raid, Mr. Troy Sumter, the new Math teacher was found hiding in the tall Reeds on the river banks, shivering in icy cold waters up to his knees.  He was added to the bus load of prisoners and transported under heavy guard to the local County Jail awaiting arraignment in Federal court. 
Apple Valley Hight resumed classes two days after they had been dismissed.  Their parents assured that the threat was real, and those responsible where arrested and now in federal custody.  Assistant Principal Stephen Taylor and Math teacher Troy Sumter were no longer employed at the school. The new replacement Math teacher was a young single women with 3 years of teaching experience in the new math. The boys in the class were in love with her, the girls where jealous with envy.  Apple Valley High was back to normal.
***

February went by fast and being a short month, it seemed even faster than usual.  That month the Grand Seven inducted their newest member to the hollow halls of the Boat house with their special induction ceremony.  Where they introduced the motto of the Grand Eight and history of the original Grand Five. Each member shared their story in detail to Caesar Rosenberg on how they met and became members of the Grand Five since their elementary years. “We don’t hide our emotions. The Grand Motto  is about Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty.  A member can trust a friends discretion and be there for a friend when in need. That is what Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty, is about.  Most importantly we never  judge a book by its cover. An open mind is important in life, growing up.  Respect means  that we respect each other’s privacy when one says, “I can’t share this, then we don’t pry.  Honesty is about emotions, never to be afraid to tell a friend they are behaving badly, or how they feel about each other. One respects privacy when something is shared on a one to one between them.
They encouraged Caesar to be open with his emotions and to rely on the Grand Eight to be supportive when a member is in need of friendship, a hug, and if necessary, even a rebuke.  Most of all to respect each other’s, privacy, and confidence, to trust, and honor.  To keep an open mind to never judge others. To keep Traditions alive.  Though they really only had one, the Annual Birthday bash. They explained to Caesar how this tradition started last year to honor each members birthday together and exchange gifts between members. There was a set price limit to assure they don’t break the bank. They explained the bank was Aunt Nellie, who secretly gifted each boy with 150.00 to purchase gifts. And still believes her largess is still a secret. Last year they started the tradition on Denny Birth month and this year it would be in March honoring Jimmy’s birthday next year would be Rogers in April and so forth until the cycle returned to February honoring Denny again. New members would be slotted in where needed.  They told Caesar it was there hope that this tradition would carry on even when they are gray and old no matter where they were. To honor absent friends and remember those who have past. 
This year March came in like a Polar Bear, no warm breath of Lion at the back of your neck. The seasons where changing.  Longer winters, late springs, and hotter summers. Someone needed to tell Mother Nature she was getting a bit long in the tooth and forgetting her time schedule.  The Grand Eight planned during Spring break to have their Birthday bash as they were now calling it. But how to top last year’s excellent dinner.  Grandfather Tom came up with an excellent plan. Why not take a field trip to the university and attend the opening ceremonies of the new giant Geode as honored guest of the university? Jimmy would represent his Late Father as the discoverer of the Geode when 16 and treed by a bear. It had been excavated last year and removed to the university where they built a new exhibit in their Natural Science museum Geology wing. It was decided that Jake would drive Grandfather Tom and the boys to the University for a 5-day visit, renting a 12-seater Van for the trip.  The university was putting them up in a guest lodge on campus during their visit.
Spring break arrived and a break in the weather promised the 3-hour drive would be uneventful for the Grand Eight.  They had decided that Grandfather Tom would be made an Honorary Lifetime member of the Grand Eight. A simple and touching induction ceremony was conducted at the Boat house where Grandfather Tom took the Grand Motto oath to always be a  Friend, in Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty, and to always let them swing like wild monkeys in the hay loft. Grandfather Tom crossed his heart and swore his allegiance to the Grand Motto.  They piled up into the van and went to University.  It was a fine week for the boys. At the university they visited the research labs, where new discoveries where being attempted in Physics to explain the mysteries of the Universe.  
At the Natural Science museum, they got a preview of the Geology wings newest exhibit of the James Walker Bear Geode in honor of the discoverer and the Bear that lead to that discovering, a panoramic mural had been painted of the mound where the Bear Tree stood, with a bear cub sleeping in the make shift tree stand, and Jimmy’s Father as a young teen up in the upper branches of the tree with flood waters raising. The next panel showed the bear Cub joining its Mother, Jimmy’s Father standing on the tree stand watching the reunion. The third panel showed the Mother bear standing and saluting his Father. The fourth panel showed his Father crawling into the mound to discover the Geode, The Fifth panel showing  his Father standing up in the Geode with his torch with spears of crystals sparkling around him. The panel had actual shards of crystals from the Geode poking out above his father’s head. The last panel had a panorama of photographs showing the final day of excavation of the Geode being picked up by the crane and loaded on the large earth dumpster. The last picture had Grandfather Tom and the Grand Six posing at the Geode’s side. To the left of the last panel sat the Giant Geode on display where a small bear cub was peaking inside.  The exhibit told the story in as few words as possible. 
Two days later among a crowd of reporters, visiting Geologists from around the world and university faculty, a plague in front of the Geode was unveiled it read, “The James T. Walker Bear Geode.  Discovered by James T Walker (I) age 16, in the year 1998, rediscovered by the Grand Six in 2019: James T Walker (II) 14, Roger Wilks 14, Denny McKelly 13, the Twins Charles and Roy Capp 13, Jake Lake 16.  Donated to the University in honor of his Son, by Grandfather Tom Walker.” The boys where surprised, speechless actually.  Sarah Baker stepped out from among the crowd to congratulate the boys thanked Grandfather Tom again for his gift to the University. Later that evening at a small party held by the dean of the Geology department the boys and Grandfather Tom where given honorary membership in the University Geology society.  
The following day, the exhibit was opened to the public.  The boys revisited the Geode that day to see  visitor’s lined up to see the Giant Geode.  Parents with children admiring the mural talking about the story it told of a boy treed by a bear.  Jimmy had to excuse himself as tears swelled up.  Grandfather Tom turned to the boys, as he saw concern in their eyes. “he will be alright, those are tears of joy, what better legacy can a boy have of his Father. Excuse me boys, I think I will join him.” Grandfather Tom with tears in eyes, joined his Grandson. The rest of the afternoon the boys browsed the exhibits in the museum.  
Later they joined Grandfather Tom and Jimmy at the guest Lodge where Grandfather Tom excused himself, he was going to read for a while. They had reservations at a local fine dining restaurants. The boys spend the rest of the late afternoon showering and getting dressed in their best outfits. Jake drove them to the restaurant where they were escorted to a private dining room.  This year they decided to pool their money together and make a gift to the UNFC to support Black College scholarships.  Denny asked Aunt Nellie as his Trustee of his estate if she would add to that gift $10,000 in his parents name.  Aunt Nellie added another 15 grand to sweeten the pot.  As she did last year, she paid for the tab at the restaurant.  The boys dined on Delmonico Steak, Grilled Asparagus glazed in Garlic butter, Grilled Corn salad, and topped that off with New York cheese cake. 
They shared stories about their adventures in the last couple of years. Saluted Ricky and Caesar their newest two members. Then talked about their future. Jake turning 18 in May, shared that he had not decided what he was going to do after he graduated high school in June. His parents where not pressuring him about college, plenty of time for that. Even thought about law-enforcement, which surprised the boys, thought they did not discourage him.
Caesar turning 17 next July,  shared that he wanted to pursue a career in music, not as an educator like his Father, but as a Jazz musician. The boys agreed he was a great sax player and could tickle those ivories with the best of them. Caesar thought he would have problems with his Father’s objecting that course, he wanted his son to become an educator like him.  Jake told Caesar that he needs to cross that bridge when he got there. Not to start burning his bridges before he crossed them.  
Jimmy now 16,  said he thought that staying on and running the Inn would be just fine for a while until he could figure out what he would do. Grandfather Tom didn’t expect him to take over the farm.  Grandfather Tom was  seriously thinking that it was time to retire from raising sheep.  He was still tossing that ideal around he had two summers ago about converting the land into a camping ground. Jimmy agreed it would be a good place with the woods, Rainbow stream, and Apple river running through the land. The sheep pasture would be ideal for a camping ground. Room to build pavilions, recreational areas. The boys told Jimmy it wouldn’t be any different then running the Inn.  Grandfather could be the camp Mascot Charley joked, and got a Diner rolled tossed at him for his joke. 
Roger turning 16 next month, said he was going to be a librarian and follow in his dads footsteps. Jake reminded him about burning those bridges before he crossed  them.  Ricky 14 in August admitted it was too early for him to think that far ahead. He was going to just focus on school, for now. He didn’t want to stir the pot of Porridge up to much. He just wanted to enjoy his childhood without any more drama.  Hear, Hear, the boys agreed, to our childhood and teen years, may they be free of drama.  Roy spoke up and said, knock on wood boys, knock on wood. Which they did right on Roy’s head. The Twins turning 15 in June, agreed that they have seriously thought of going into medicine like their mother and Grandfather did. Though they agreed with Jake about burning bridges before they crossed them. 
Denny, turned 15 last month, told the boys, he wasn’t sure what he would like to be, when he graduated High School. Young men with Autism seldom could dream of a future when in the reality of their world there were to many barriers blocking their view of that future. Denny knew he was a savant and higher functioning, but when you consider the majority of those with Autism it can be a bleak future for them. The party sobered up, and the  evening came to close with the Grand Eight renewing their Grand Motto, and promising next year in April it would be Rogers time to the host the birthday bash.  The rest of their visit at the University came to an end.  Jake drove them home, Charley led the boys in singing “100 bottles of skunk on the wall.”  Then Roy led them with “100 Bottles of Tomato sauce on the wall, to wash off the Charley on the wall.”  Grandfather Tom joined in with all 200 verses.
***

March soon lead into mid-April. The Apple Valley High seniors in social studies had a final project as their final exam in June. Researching your Family Tree as far back as you could go. The Social Studies teacher told them to ask their parents to tell them want they know about that family tree.  Start you tree with your siblings on top, then your parents.  No need to list cousins or their cousins, Aunt or Uncles, Nephew or Nieces at that point.  It’s a direct generation tree after your parents. List  your Grandparents on both sides of the tree, their parents, and their parents as far back as you can go. The grade isn’t on how far you can go back on your branches but is 1/3 of the grade on your presentation of your tree, on how neat your tree is drawn, and 1/3 on a short written oral essay describing the contribution to society of one ancestor you pick, parents excluded and 1/3 on a peers grade on that oral essay.  Their teacher told them. 
“I understand that today’s generation your parents and their parents, are not as socially conscious to the importance of their Family tree as the older generation of  grandparents, and Great grandparents down the line where.  Your challenge is to jog memories of your parents, your uncles and aunts, and grandparents, and for you who have great Grandparents around. It sounds daunting I know.  You have 5 weeks to hand in your project, Which, gives me one week to review your work and grade the presentation and the written essay.  The first week of June you will give your oral essay and turn in your peer grade on the day you take your final exams. That is your final exam.
The peer grade will focus on how your oral essay will describe that ancestors importance to society. By that I mean society in general and in relationship to your social studies. The Ancestors country of original, or trade. You may leave out the black sheep in the family.  I certainly have a few I would like to forget. That got a chuckle from the class. I will be handing out a template to give you an example of a family tree starting with your siblings, or if you are an only child that would be you on the top branch only. A syllabus describing the expectations of this assignment with a sample essay that should give you the ideal of what to write about on that ancestor and what sample peer grade report.  Again, I emphasize it is not about how far back you go on your family tree. If you find a Grandparent that meets the expectation for your essay then please feel free to write your essay on that grandparent, However, I  wills stress you will still need to branch out your tree as best as you can, given the resources you have to work with. Exception will be given to those who have no living Grandparents or Great Grandparents and so forth for resources. An Uncle or Aunt can substitute for their essay. Please check back with me by end of the first week for that exception.  As I said you have 5 weeks from today to complete your project, Class time will be spent in discussion of contributions to society by our ancestors, notability historical figures in our history and society. For the reminder of the semester, with 5 weekly quizzes on our discussions. Come up to my desk and pick up your syllabus packet, you have 15 minutes before class ends to ask any further questions of me. 
Jake left school that day thinking about his family tree. It would have to be large, and full of important people given his family’s history and importance to Grand Apple Valley Junction.  The syllabus said diaries, journals, family bibles and oral history where the best resources to use to build your family tree. Jake returning home went into the small library in the Lake Mansion.  There was an ornate Walnut glass cabinet that held the family Bible, and several diaries and journals since the first Lake arrived in the valley back in 1840, Three years after President Andrew Jackson signed a bill that officially gave Michigan its statehood. Zakaria Adam Lake, with his young wife Rebecca Ann (Bishop) Lake and infant son, Tobias David Lake arrived in the valley of two rivers to which he named the Apple and the Little Apple river.  The Little Apple River known today as the Grand river. There he started the first settlement around a trading post at the junction of the two rivers.  That trading post settlement grew at leaps and bounds, ebbing and waning until it became the small city it is today. Zakaria was a shrewd Trader, building a family empire on ownership in the entire valley, sharecroppers, and merchants rental of his land. From generation-to-generation Zakaria descendants built the Apple valley into what it is today. Tobias Lake had four sons, and they had sons and daughters, and these sons, and daughters had sons and daughters.  In the cabinet was the Diary of his Grandfather Timothy Lake, and the Journals of Timothy Lake’s Father Jackson Roy Lake and his Father Roy Tobias Lake.  In the Journals of his Great, Great, Grandfather Roy Tobias Lake was the genealogy of the Lakes going back to Zakaria Lake. The Family Bible dated back to his Great Grandfather Jackson Roy Lake. 
Jake in his mind added up the many generations of Lake, a family tree that would be taller than a California Red Wood.  Jake decided he would start his tree with his siblings, parents, grandparents, Great grandparents, and Great, Great Grandparents, 125-year span. With the oldest Journal he sat down and started reading each entry. Caesar found Jake engrossed in his reading. 
“What, you reading Jake?
“My Great, Great Grandfather Roy Tobias Lake Journal # 1 out of 10, my end of year final exam in Social Studies is on creating a family tree and picking one ancestor out of that tree to give an oral essay on how that ancestor contributed to Society.  I have five weeks from today to hand in my project.” Jake handed Caesar the Syllabus.
“This sound like an easy grade for you Jake, with your long family history down in writing.” Caesar commented.
“My Great Grandfather wrote 20 journals in his life time, and my Grandfather wrote one diary, though as thick as an unabridged Webster dictionary.  I don’t think my father is the diary writing kind. So, I will have to nail him down for a long chat.  So far all I know is what the town history says of its founder Zakaria Adam Lake who founded the first settlement in the valley back in 1840.  I don’t have to go back that far in my family tree.  Great, Great Grandfather Roy goes back 125 years.  I should finish reading all these Journals and the Diary by the 3rd  week I hope.” Jake groaned.  
“Good Luck Jake, I shall tell the boys you’ll be buried in you library then.  Don’t forget to shave and shower once awhile.  I’ll have the warden bring you some bread and water once and awhile.” Caesar joked, then left the library.
“You do that Caesar, make that bread, jam and peanut butter, and that water Milk please.” Jake hollered at Caesar.
3 weeks later, Jake puts his grandfather’s diary down, sits in the library with a look of, well it wasn’t relief. He just learned that there was a; “Lake that went Missing”.


Chapter 3
Jake Makes an
Announcement


“Hey Charley boy, Jake just called, he wants to get everyone together at the Boat house as soon as possible, he has an announcement to make.” Roy tells his Twin
“What about Roy?” Charley asks.
“I don’t know, what am I a mind reader?” Roy states sarcastically.
“Wouldn’t know Roy boy, do you have a mind?” Charley asks.
“I have half a mind to clubber you Charley.” Roy snaps back.
“Then you better find the other half to help you Roy, I have a whole mind to clubber you right back.” Charley teased.  
“That’s enough of that boys, or I will have a mind and a half to take away your quad privileges for the summer.” The Sheriff shouted in to the TV room from his den.
“Yes, Sheriff.” The Twins agreed.
Charley turned to Roy.  “Really, what did Jake want to tell us?”
“If I knew, I would be a mind reader Charley.” Roy said.
“Roy, I suggest you call the boys together and find out what Jake wants.” The Sheriff said walking into the room. “I’ll be at the station to get some work done. Too many comedians around here and half a brain between them.” The Sheriff left for the station.
“You call the other’s Roy, and I will get the Boat house heaters on.” Charley said.  On his way through the kitchen, he told Denny, “Jake has called for a meeting at the Boat house, says he has something important to tell us. Roy’s calling the other’s now. I’m going down to the Boat house to turn the heaters on.  Turn the alarms off will you Denny boy.”
Later that morning after various Saturday morning chores where done.  The Grand Eight met at the Boat house.  Jake was the last to arrive. “Sorry, was putting the finishing touches on my Family Tree, it’s due by Wednesday next week.”
“What, so important that you have to take me away from my cartoons.” Charley complained.
“Are you a little old for Teletubbies?” Caesar teases.
“Hey, I like Dipsy, he reminds of Roy, every time he falls on his butt.” Charley defends himself.
“Hey, I wouldn’t fall on my butt if you stop pushing me down.” Defending himself.
“Hey, you Teletubbies you can have a butt kicking party later. I have something important to tell you.” Jake demanded.
“The Twins have been at it all morning Jake, The Sheriff had to threaten them with taking the quad away all summer if they didn’t cool it. He went to the station to get some work done. To many comedians in the house.” Denny reported.
“Then they better cool it then, or I will call the Sheriff back here and  have him handcuff them to their beds.” Jake threaten the Twins.
“Sorry, Jake, we are just bored.” The Twins apologized.
“Well, I have got something that will interest you all.” Jake offered. “You all know why I haven’t been able to hang out with you these last three weeks. I have been busy reading all those family journals for my final project for Social Studies.  I discovered a mystery in my Grandfathers diary.  There is a Lake that went missing.” That got the boys interest.
“I don’t recall a lake around here drying up Jake.” Denny asked.
“It’s not a body of water Denny, I mean a “Lake has gone missing, my Fathers older brother.” Jake explained.
“I thought your Father was an only child Jake.” Caesar asked.
“I did too until I finished my Grandfathers Diary. In the last month of his life, he writes about a firs- born son, and how he regrets he was never able to make amends with him. He talks about how he never heard from his son since he left home one night after a fight with him. I found in the Family Bible where all the birth records are listed. Above my Father’s name is a name that was blocked out with a black marker. I can just make out a birth year, 15 years before my father was born. The last Journal my Great Grandfather wrote mentioned a grandson being born and the name was rubbed out, you can just barely read the first name, Tobias, and the rest is unreadable. Great Grandfather died a year later after this grandson was born.” Jake related to the boys.
“Tobias had to have done something awful to get his name erased from the family records like that.” Ricky told Jake.
“Have you talked to your Father about it Jake?” Jimmy asked.
“Last night I had a conversation with him.  He told me his Father told him his brother died when my father was 3 years old. Dad doesn’t remember even having a brother he was so young.  My Grandfather died just before I was born.  He wrote his diary “He never heard from his Son since he left home after he had a fight with him. It goes on to say he had a detective looking for him that last year of his life. This detective found Tobias, but Tobias refused to acknowledge his father.” Jake told the boys. 
“Did you tell your Father what his Father wrote in his diary Jake.” Roger asked.
“No, I couldn’t, you should have seen the look in dad’s eyes, he was remembering something of his brother.  He told me how he could still remember an older teen coming into the nursery to play with him, gave him a toy train engine that would go toot, toot, when you pushed it back and forth on the floor. I found that toy engine in the attic in an old toy chest. On the bottom of the engine was engraved “To my little brother on his 4th birthday.” Jake said.
“That would mean that your Grandfather told his younger son a lie, about when his older brother died.” Charley said.
“Is it possible your Father got his age mixed up about when his father told him about his brother dying?”
“I don’t think so, Roy. When Grandfather wrote those last entries in his diary it was clear Tobias didn’t die, when my father was Three or Four.” Jake said.
“How old is your Father now Jake?” Caesar askes. 
“He is 60.” Jake said.
“Then that would make Tobias 75 he could still be alive Jake.” Caesar said.
“Yes, he could be, he was alive 19 years ago.  I fear he could be dead now. That’s why I didn’t tell my Father about the diary entries.  I didn’t want to get his hopes up.” Jake told the boys.
“Then let’s, fine out Jake.” Denny stated.
“He’s back boys, Sherlock Holmes is in the room”. Charley cheered.
“How Denny?” Jake asked.
“The world wide web Jake. There are many public databases I can access that can give us information about whether he is an alive or not.  Social Security Administration has a death record databases I can access, it would tell us if he died, when he died and where he died and his birthdate of record.  The Cemetery records can list who is buried in their cemeteries. Though there is not a national database yet that would have all the cemeteries listed in the U.S. that I know off. First, I could just enter his First name and last name and see what comes up. If at any time he has been on the Internet for one reason or another, a common search could pull up his name or at least anyone named Tobias Lake.” 
“We eliminated any record that has an age attached to it younger then or older than 75 years. Consider any record that would have an address dating back to 19 years or older, narrow that done to addresses in the state or region. Your Grandfather’s diary says he found Tobias back then, and I assume he was still using the Lake name.  It will take time Jake if I don’t find a death record matching his birth year.  If he has died, then an obituary will be listed somewhere, and we can find out about any family members he had since he left. If he is still alive, we can contact him maybe get him to reunite with his little brother.  Until then, your right, it is best not to get your Fathers hopes up.” Denny explained.
“Is there anything in your readings that would tell more about what the fight was about Jake.” Roger asked.
“No, Roger, it would appear to be a forbidden subject.”
“I have an idea, Gossip is hard to hide when it involves one of the communities prominent families.  If your uncle Tobias was involved in a scandal, then the local newspaper could have printed up a story. The Grand Apple Valley Gazette has a morgue of old newspapers on digital file, you can search the papers for any links to your family Jake. Weddings, births, and gossip.” Roger suggested.
“Hey, we can make this our Summer Adventure Jake, dig up Tobias in the gazette morgue...Sorry Jake, didn’t mean it that way.” Charley apologized.
“That’s alright Charley, I think I can find something for you to dig up. Your own grave.” Jake through a pillow at Charley. There was an angle supply of them in the Boat house.  All with Charley’s name stitched on them.
***

Jake had to come up with an interesting ancestor for his Oral essay.  He decided to speak about his Grandfather Timothy Tobias Lake and his history as the Apple Valley High school winning head coach and his contributions as a member of the state high school Athletic Association.  Jake spent as much as he free time allowed at the Apple Valley Gazette morgue with Roger going through his family history in the public records.  He learned a lot about his family’s contributions to the community, and a few peccadillos’ as well.  He had yet to find what he was looking for.  Denny started his online searches for a Tobias Lake and came up with half dozen names across the country.  He narrowed that down to 6, then eliminated 2 who were too young.  Of the 4 left two where listed in the death database. Both were ruled out do to age.  He had two names left.  One Tobias Z Lake, and one Tobias A Lake both about the same age. 
Denny missed one clue, the middle initials, Z and A, until Jake told him his Great, Great, many times Great Grandfather was named Zakaria Adam Lake.  The two initials could stand for Zakaria and Adam. Tobias Z lived in Florida  and Tobias A in Georgia. Denny made further inquiries on the internet trying to find more information on each.  It was becoming difficult until Jake reported he found his Uncles birth announcement in the newspaper Morgue, no death announcement.  His uncle was christened as Zakaria Tobias Lake born to Lilian Marie (Cooper) Lake and Timothy Tobias Lake, their first born not Tobias Z Lake as they believed. Jake admitted that he would not have liked the name of Zakaria. Just wasn’t any nickname that came to mind that would to be to his liking.  His uncle would have chooses Tobias or Toby over Zakaria or Zakie.  That still left two candidates.
A Few days later, Denny got a hit back on Tobias Z. Lake in Florida, a phone number.  Jake made the call introduced himself, and explained he was working on a class project in tracing his family tree and did he know a Tobias A. Lake in Georgia. Jake ended the call crest fallen with disappointment. Tobias Z and Tobias A, where cousins, born days apart, Z was for Zander, and A was for Alexander. They were African Americans. They were back to square one. Denny was at a loss as to where to search now. Jake decided to call a brain storming session of the Grand Eight.
The Grand Eight met that evening after dinner.  Jake updated them on where they were at in finding Uncle Tobias. The newspaper morgue revealed a birth announcement, and no obituary around the time his Father was told his brother had died.  Denny found no death records at any time for a Tobias A. Lake of the right age. Jake told the boys how disappointed he was that the two most likely candidates Denny found didn’t pan out.  So, they were back to square one.  It was becoming clear that his Uncle may have changed his name, and the newspaper morgue didn’t reveal any gossip of a scandal. He told the boys to brain storm and see if they could come up any new approach to finding Uncle Tobias. Denny put up a poster board listing the key elements.
“We have his full name now from his birth announcement. Zakaria Tobias Lake, and his birthdate July 10, 1945 born to Lilian Marie (Cooper) and Timothy Tobias Lake.  We have no further mention of Zakaria Tobias Lake being mentioned in the newspaper morgue. So why did he run away from home? If he later changed his name, what did he change it too? We know from the diary that a detective was hired to find Zakaria some 19 years ago.  He found him at that time.  Did he change his name after that? I ran a new name search for Zakaria Tobias Lake and got no hits that would match his current age or birthdate. What are we missing here?” Denning asked.
“Do we have the name of the detective Jake.” Ricky asked.
“The diary made no mention of the name or where he came from.  If my Grandfather kept other records of the detective reports, or who he hired I have no idea of where they would be if they still exist.” Jake told Ricky.
“Denny could you run a search of just the birthdate, then filter that information to match records of who had changed their name in the last 19 years.” Jimmy asked.
Yes, and no, there are no public records I could check. When a person changes his name for whatever reason, those court records are sealed, the person gets a new Social Security Number and can apply for a new driver’s license, and any financial records can be changed to the new name. The old name does not exist except in sealed court records and sealed FBI data base.  Any previous address, or place where that person lived would still be out there.  But once you move under that new name, you didn’t exist prior to that.” Denny explained.
“It looks like we are dealing with a name change here then. How would you go about unsealing those court records Denny?” Caesar asked.
“A warrant from the court with some very compelling reason, like identifying a fugitive, or a john doe. In most cases a person changing their name is because they have entered into a witness protection program, or they just want to hide for personal reason.  The application for a name change has to have a criminal background check and financial background check.  You have to have a clean slate to legally change your name.  Of course, you could go underground and buy a name change with forged Social Security numbers and the like.  Only criminals would do that.” Denny explained.
“Then I suppose Uncle Tobias is hiding a criminal past, but we have not found any local mention of a crime charged to him.  It would be big headlines in the Apple Valley Gazette, “Town’s prominent Son under suspicion of robbing little old lady crossing the street.” Jake admitted. “Or worse.”
“You might have hit the nail there Jake, “Suspicion of a crime, not arrest or conviction”.  Your Uncle Tobias may have left town to spare the family scandal.  Before the papers got wind of it.” Roger said.
“Roger, that might explain the shame my Grandfather felt and why he erased his name out of the Family Bible and told my Father his brother died.” Jake stated.
“We still don’t have clue as to what your Uncle Tobias did to shame the family.” Denny said.
“Then we are back to finding him and finding out what that was.” Jake said. “So far we are at a dead end to how to do that. No one alive today to tell us why or would know where Uncle Tobias is.” Jake Lamented. 
The Twins had been sitting quiet during all this conversation, unusual for them, their cousin Denny turned to them. “You Twins have been awful quiet there. What’s going through your vacant heads.”
Charley spoke up. “Lilian Marie Lake, her maiden name was Cooper, what if its Zakaria Tobias Cooper we are looking for, or Toby Z. Cooper.”
Roy added. “What if, it’s an unsolved crime, and Tobias thinks he did it.”
“Why didn’t I think of that”, Denny said.
“It’s a no brainer cousin, and who better than us, then the boys with no brains to think of it.” The Twins chuckled. 
***

As soon as Denny could, he started a new search, first the Death database, and found no Zakaria Tobias Cooper or Toby Z. Cooper, or various versions of Zakaria and Tobias listed as deceased. Next, he ran a common name search and came up with 5 hits, with only one possibility that fit the age. Toby Z. Cooper last known address Wayne County in Dearborn, MI. He called Jake and asked him if he knew of any relatives of his Grand Mother who lived in that area. He recalled something in his Grandfathers diary about his Grandmother Lilian.  He would get back with Denny. Denny then did a search of any Websites that tracked unsolved crimes.  He found dozens, most obviously conspiracy sites by crackpots. He picked the top sites with known credibility and ran a search through them for any unsolved crimes in Michigan of the era of Uncle Tobias time.  He filtered that down to the southern regions of Michigan, and then down to his county.  
He got a hit, 56 years ago, in a small town of Williams a victim of a hunting accident was found in the woods east of Williams. At the time no one had come forward to take responsibility.  Evidence gathered suggested that one other hunter had been on the scene of the accident, yet no one came forward. An anonymous call had led authorities to the scene. The crime remains unsolved.  Williams was 25 miles north of Grand Apple Valley junction, a small community in an isolated area of the county. Sheriff Charles Roy Capp was the sheriff at that time. Andrew Capps Grandfather. Denny made a decision.
That evening he brought the Sheriff into the mystery they were solving and asked his Uncle if he heard his Grandfather talk about an unsolved hunting accident in Williams.  “I’m sorry Denning my Grandfather passed before I was born. My father was a deputy for many years after that, but never was elected to sheriff.  I was the second Capp in the family to make Sheriff.”
“Is there any records available about that accident still around Sheriff.” Denny asked.
“I do believe there is Denny. All unsolved crimes have been kept for years in hope that a lead will reopen them, or someone comes forward confessing. In the last decade, those records have been downloaded to electronic files.  I could access those files and see what we have.  It would be a long shot to link it to Jakes Uncle Tobias after all these years. Though I agree that it is a mystery that Jakes Father had an older brother and the family history wiped clear of his existence. It’s worth looking into though. We try to as often as we can to review these files in hope, we can shed some light on to them.  Tomorrow I’ll get Deputy Santino to find those files, you got to understand that no real physical evidence will exist anymore, but the files should have description of the evidence, any photographs, and autopsy records.  I’ll have Santino write up a report for you summarizing the evidence.  I let you and the boys take it from there. The Grand Eight have a knack of finding clues that many professionals miss.” The Sheriff told Denny.
Two days later Denny has in hand Deputy Santino’s summary of the report of the unsolved Hunting accident.  The first thing that stood out was the boot prints left at the scene. The initials craved into the soles of the boot was ZTL, and the fact they led to the body from the south, and then back south out of the woods. Then Sheriff Charles Roy Capp was unable to trace the boots to their owner. The victim’s position of the body was undisturbed, face down facing south. The bullet that killed him entered into the back, coming from the North in the woods. The Caliber of the bullet that killed the hunter was a 30-30 Winchester.

Denny called Jake and told him he found something that may be linked to his Uncle Tobias. He was coming over to the mansion. That afternoon he sat with Jake in his room where Jake was reading the report summary. When done reading it he asked Denny. “Is it possible this could be why Uncle Tobias ran away?”
“I think so, Jake.  It can’t be a coincidence that the boot print initial is ZTL, Zakaria Tobias Lake.”
“How can we prove that Denny?”
“It is a long shot Jake, but if those boots are still around or any shoe with those initials on them, we can be sure.”
“The attic would be the best place to look Denny.  There are Steamer Trunks, boxes, and old wardrobes up there. When I found Dad’s old toy train engine up there, I was surprised at what was up there. I would not be surprised there are some of Uncle Tobias stuff up there.  He left suddenly he couldn’t have taken much with him.” Jake explained.  For the rest of the afternoon, Denny, and Jake along with Caesar searched the attic.  Jake uncovered much of his family history dating back 100 years or more in clothing, old furniture, Steamer trunks with stickers from around the world stuck on them. Several chest held more old toys, and memento’s. Jake decided that he was going to encourage his parents to donate much of this stuff to a museum.  In the last Wardrobe they searched they pulled out old dresses clearly from the Victorian age, ratty furs, and long tailed overcoats, and stove top hats. At the bottom of the Wardrobe, they found shoes and boots of that era. With everything cleared out Denny noticed a hole in the floor of the Wardrobe. Round enough to poke his finger in and pulled out the floor to reveal a false bottom. Among old papers, diary’s and old tin type photo’s, there was a pair of hunting boots. Jake brought them out and examined the soles of the boots. Craved into the soles was the initials ZTL. Caesar found under the old papers, diaries, and photo’s a hunting rifle, a Remington. Carved on the butt was ZTL.
Jake sat there on the dusty attic floor, stunned. Dad’s older brother was running away from a crime he didn’t do. 
With the evidence in hand, Jake and Denny took the boots and the gun to the Sheriff. Sheriff Capp agreed that Remington was not the same caliber rifle that killed the Hunter 56 years ago.  The boots supported his Grandfathers supposition that the Anonymous caller was not the killer.  They now had the identity of that caller, may never actually find who really did kill the hunter by accident. 
“Sheriff Capp, we need to find my Uncle Tobias and let him know he is not a killer.  He’s been living for the last 56 years believing he killed that hunter. It’s time he comes home and sees his little brother.” Jake stated.
“Your right Jake, with this evidence I can officially reopen the case, and get the County Prosecutor to get a warrant to unseal any records that reveal what name he lives by now.  With that information I can then put through a request to the FBI Database to find you Uncle.  As much as, it is important to find the real responsible party of this Hunters death, it is just as important to clear the innocent as well. We need to tell your Father, Jake. The court would also need his signature on any request for unsealing court records and a statement to why. It would add more weight to the request from the county Prosecutor.  I’ll dust off my Attorney’s cap and help him with that paper work. When would be the best time for us to see him Jake?” The Sheriff asked. 
“Now if you have the time, he was at home  when  I left with Denny.  I’ll call Caesar and have him make sure Dad remains home.” 
“Denny gather up that Summary report for me, I  will need to show that to Jakes Father. Jake can explain his research and what led to his discovery. You stay  here Denny, Mr. Lake is going to be in shock it would be best if he and Jake have time alone to deal with the news. In fact, have Dr. Mom drop by the Mansion say in one hour. Explain why, she is abreast of your investigation, so it won’t be a surprise to her. You ready Jake?”
“Yes, Sheriff.”
***

“Andrew, Jake, what has Jake done now Sheriff?” Jake’s Father asked at the door.
“Relax Jackson, Jake is not in in trouble, I am here to see you.” The Sheriff stated.
“Am I in any trouble. Sheriff?”
“Not unless you have been running red lights again Jackson.” The sheriff asked.
“That happened only once, and the road was icy, caught me off guard.  I deserved the ticket you gave me Sheriff. Should have been in control of my car.” Jackson Lake stated. “What do I owe the pleasure of this visit Andrew.”
“Let’s retire to the library Jackson, Jake has something he wants to share with you.” Andrew said.
In the library, Jake got out of the cabinet the Diary of his Grandfather and the Journal of his Great Grandfather.  He had marked the entries that had concerned him and his Dad. “Dad you remember my final project I was doing for my Social Studies final exam.  I asked you back then about Uncle Tobias your older brother.  You told me he had died when you were 3, didn’t have any memory of him except a toy train engine he gave you.  He went to the cabinet and brought out the toy engine. I found this in the attic, look at the bottom of the engine Dad. It says “To my little brother on his 4th birthday.  Are you sure you were not 4 instead of 3 when your brother died?”
“I could be wrong Jake, that was 56 or 57 years ago. Why?” Jakes dad asked.
“Read the entry I marked in your Father diary, it was written just a month before he died.” Jake asked his Father.
Jackson Lake read the diary, not sure what his Father was telling him. “Are you suggesting my brother was alive at the time Dad wrote this last entry Jake?”
“Yes, I am Dad. This is your Grandfather’s journal the last one he wrote in. He tells of the birth of his grandson, then the name was rubbed out erased, you can barely make out the name,  Zakaria Tobias Lake. The family bible had your brother’s name erased as well, just the year of his birth can be read. From want your Father writes in his journal  he hired a detective to find his son.  That was 19 years ago. This detective found your brother at that time, but your brother rebuked his father.  Why, I have not been able to find out until now. The Grand five has been helping me solve this mystery. I didn’t want to tell you until I found all the answers. As best as we can know now, he is still alive Dad, and here is why he ran away 56 years ago?” Jake handed the report summary of the unsolved hunting accident to his dad. Jakes dad read the report over.
“Andrew, do you think my brother is responsible for the death of this hunter?”
“No Jackson, Jake, Denny and Caesar found in the attic the boots your brother owned with the initials craved on the soles, ZTL, and the deer Riffle your brother had at that time a Remington with the same initials on it ZTL. The autopsy and ballistic report clearly says, the rifle that killed the hunter was a 30-30 caliber, not the Remington. The hunter had been dead for 24 hours before the time the anonymous caller had reported it. My Grandfather was the sheriff back then, his supposition at that time was that the caller found the body in the woods and didn’t want to get involved.”  
“Jake and I believe that with the new evidence that your brother was that hunter who came across the body. He believes he was the one who killed him accidentally, he panicked and ran. To this day he still believes he killed that hunter. I can’t speak for your father, Jackson, but it is possible he tried to get your brother to come forward and confess he was the Hunter that accidently killed the other hunter that day. Your brother refused and left town causing the rift in your family that has been hidden for 56 years. Your Father lied to you about your brother dying to protect the families honor.  That hunting accident remains unsolved except for the evidence Jake found that clears your brother.”
“I can’t believe this Andrew, all these years I thought my brother dead.  He must be 75 by now. Where has he been living all these years Andrew?” 
“Dad, Denny and I have found a possible lead.  It was tough finding a Zakaria Tobias Lake on the internet we failed until I came across a birth announcement in the Apple Valley Gazette morgue of old newspapers.  It listed you Mothers maiden name, as well as your brothers birthday and full name.  I recalled in Grandfather diary that he mentioned your mother’s family came from Wayne county, Dearborn, Michigan. Her maiden name was Cooper. Denny started a new search online for a Zakaria Tobias Cooper. He found a Toby Z. Cooper with the last known address in Dearborn, and an Article on online that said Toby Z. Cooper at the time of the article was 73 years old, he would be 75 a retired Master Carpenter.” Jake told his Father.
“Jackson, I plan to get the Country Prosecutor to officially reopen this old case, to clear your brother. It is apparent he has legally changed his name. It could be Cooper or another name. Such records of name changing are sealed by the court. With the Prosecutor and your request as the nearest relative we can get those records unsealed to find your brother.  We could discover he is this Toby Z. Cooper or at least get what his name is now. I’m sorry but it is possible he has passed on. We will not know until we can link the name, he changed it to, to Zakaria Tobias Lake. As an attorney it is to your best interest to clear your brother’s name and close the history books on that. If your brother is still alive, then he needs to know he does not have to hide any more from an accidental death he didn’t cause. You owe that to him, let’s bring him home Jackson.” Andrew explained
“Your right Andrew.  Jake, son, I don’t know how I can express my gratitude, all these years I have lived with the fading memory of a brother.  I never could understand why my parents were so cold about my brother’s death. He was never mentioned in the family, as if he never existed. It was so easy for me to forget I even had a brother. Don’t get me wrong son, I loved my parent dearly, I suppose it wasn’t easy for them to live with the belief there older son was a murderer.  It must have shamed them deeply to have my brother run away like that and not face up to it. If he had he would have found out he didn’t do it. I can’t imagine what a man must be going through after 56 years believing he killed someone. Andrew do whatever needs doing to find my brother.  I pray he is still alive so we can save that torture soul.” 
“I will leave you two alone, I will have a talk with Barbara and let her know.  If you need Dr. Mom, Jackson, I have asked her to drop by.”
“Thank you, Andrew, I do believe that shock is settling in.” Jackson admitted. 
“Dad!” 
“Don’t worry Son, I’m sure a mild sedative would be of some help.”


Chapter 4
Reunion


Back home at the Capps Dr. Mom is discussing Jackson Lakes with her husband. “Jackson will be just fine, his ticker is strong as an ox. As for the shock of finding out his Father lied to him about his older brother dying would be enough for an ox to step back and feel weak.  He will have a lot to digest in the days ahead. Barbara and Jake will get him through it.  I am not sure if I understand why his father would lie to his family like that. Though I can understand that shame can motivate us to hurt the ones we love. The Lake family have always been a proud family, if not in past generations arrogant and tyrants.  Jackson as done well for this community, as did his father, the shock of believing his son killed someone even accidently would drive a person to insanity. So, what is next in this saga of Grand Apple Valley Junction, Andrew.”
“I will be sending a report to the Country Prosecutors in a few days, then write up a formal request for Jackson to sign asking the courts to unseal those records regarding the privacy of people who legally have their names changed.  I suspect that our candidate in Dearborn will be Jackson’s brother.  After that it will be up to Jackson on how he will approach his brother.  I will suggest to him it be a person-to-person visit.  Of course, I will make sure he has all the evidence he needs to convince his brother of his innocence.  The rest will be up to them to sort out the family issues.  
I don’t know much about Jackson’s father except his career as head coach at Apple Valley High and I know there was some bad blood between his father over his son’s teaching and not following in the family footsteps as societies finest. I would not expect that of Coach Lake to drive his son out of the family like that, but to insist his son do what was right. I fear that Jackson’s brother may still hold much bitterness about his father and the fact that living in fear of being arrested for accidently killing a hunter can cause that bitterness.  We can only hope finding out he is innocent will bring him back into the family.  You should have seen Jackson’s eyes when Jake showed him that toy Train engine and the engraved message on it, “Happy 4th birthday little brother”.  You could see him reliving that memory and how much he adored his older brother.  I believe when his father told him his brother died had to have been a shock.  I believe he regressed the memory of his brother.  It didn’t help when his parents never talked about the boy again either. Time will heal the wounds Sersha.”
“That they will Andrew, and speaking of time, I need to get back to the clinic and finish up some office work.  The boys have their final exams tomorrow make sure they are studying and not goofing off.” Dr. Mom left for the clinic. The Sheriff checked in on the Twins and Denny they  were in their room studying.  Aunt Nellie told the Sheriff she threaten to do a room check every 10 minutes if she  didn’t see the books open. “What would I do without you Aunt Nellie?” The Sheriff asked his Aunt.
“You would probably be in the country nut house, pulling your gray hairs out.” Aunt Nellie teased him.
“Why don’t you have gray hairs Aunt Nellie?” the Sheriff asked.
“Why do you think we Irish lassies have Red hair, we don’t turn gray, we get redder, like our tempers. Now leave the boys alone, they don’t need you hovering over them. They will do fine tomorrow.” Aunt Nellie said.
The Twins and Denny did do fine on their final exams.  The twins passed, which was better than the Sheriff hoped for. Denny did better. The rest of the Grand Eight passed their finals as well.  Jake presented his oral essay on his Grandfathers coaching days at Apply Valley High with a winning streak that brought them to one state championship and many successful years in good standing as a top-notch team in football. His peer grade was excellent and his overall grade a 3.5 in social Studies, his best grade of all for his senior year. He was to graduate with a 3.0 average and  turning around his darker years in high school.  Jimmy and Roger passed on to their Junior year, Caesar would advance to his Senior year. Ricky advanced to the eighth grade.  It was a very successful school year for all.  
The Grand Eight had their annual end of school year break at dawn meeting at the Boat house to discuss their summer plans. They sat there for an hour with nothing they could do that they had not done already. Last summer was the adventure at Copper Ore Lodge.  Denny updated them on the mine work at the Lodge. The Francesco Mining company had pulled out the last of the rare Red Beryl and where now just beginning to fill in the old and the new mine, then they would restore the lodge grounds back to their natural state. Sarah Baker reported that she was satisfied that the mining company had lived up to their contract. Work would begin next month on the new tennis court, basketball court, the new car garage, and the small-heated swimming pool. Everything else would be landscaped befitting the lodges historical prominence. By October that would all be finished.  Denny announced that he was considering spending the Christmas break, up there, and everyone was invited for a grand reopening of the lodge.
But want was the boys going to do for the summer outside of chores and the usual. They decided to let fate run its course.  Jake announced that they had found the right Uncle Tobias, and that his father asked him if he would make a trip down over to Dearborn with him, they were planning to make that Trip next week after graduation.  He then handed out invitation to the Lake Mansion for his graduation party that following Saturday afternoon.
“Gee, Jake I don’t know if I will be available, I was planning on a day hike up to Mount Baldy that Saturday.” Charley teased. You remember those pillows with his name stitched on them. The boys buried Charley in them. Then Jake jumped on the pile of pillows plummeting him with the last pillow.
“Charles Andrew Capp, Mount Baldy is in Colorado.” Jake yelled.
***

Jakes Graduation night was a highlight of any Seniors night. The accumulation of 12 years of schooling, and the dream of many Parents to see their child graduate.  For many a parent it could mean the first in their family to graduate high school and go on to college being the first to enter college and hopefully the first to earn a higher education and degree. Whose parents don’t dream of the first doctor in the family, or lawyer.  The scientist, or PHD and a Master’s in business. There are some parents who settle for just having their son or daughter make it through high school.  Many families of wealth do not put pressure on their child to get a college agree, why should they, they can relax on the wealth many generations have built. The Lake family where different. Jaye’s older brother had a college degree in Retail Administration and was the manager of a large department store chain.  Happy in his position hoping to move up the ladder in the retail corporation.  His sister had a degree in marketing and was running her own company a up and coming advertising firm.  His Father was content to be a landlord and a good landlord, his family holdings where well invested in residential and commercial property in Grand Apple Valley Junction and around the county. More than a 180 years of investing in land purchases and developing the land.  They knew their son Jake had started out a troubled lad, with a chip on his shoulders, and taking advantage of his family wealth and status in the community.  But that all changed 3 years ago, when Jake saw the errors of his way and turned things around.  His attitude changed, his grades changed, and his outlook changed. Whether or not he was going to follow in his Father’s footsteps they trusted in Jake to do what was right for him. When he announced he was seriously thinking of Law Enforcement as a career they were going to support his choice. When the time came to pass on the family business, his Father was ready to set up a board of directors and sit at the sidelines let others run the business.  Risky yes, but practical if the done the right way, given all his children equal ownership.
Tonight, was Jakes night, his Sister and Brother were in attendance, the Grand Eight and their family was there to see him get his diploma. Grandfather Tom and Sarah Baker. He was no longer the bully who terrorist under classmen. He was Jake Tobias Lake a respected member of the community. He wasn’t Valedictorian or Salutatorian, he was their son and they were very proud of him. The Grand Eight were very proud of him. Though Charley told Jake not to let it go to his head.  Jake gave Charley a hug and whispered in his ear. “I won’t”. The next day at his graduation party he greeted distant relatives he never knew he had, his fellow graduates, and many well-wishers.  Caesar arranged the entertainment a small jazz ensemble from the school band. Caesar played a solo arrangement he wrote for the Sax titled “Jake the Snake”, which Jake took in good hearted fun, an inside joke only the Grand Eight knew.
That following week Jake and his Father departed for Dearborn.  Jake with a light heart, and his Father with a heavy heart. Jake eager to meet his Uncle Tobias, and his Father worried that his brother would rebuke him before he could explain why he was showing out of nowhere on his doorstep. The two-hour drive to Dearborn was spend with his Father relating to his Son his childhood, how he grew up with a foggy memory of his brother, and how he longed when growing up  he had a brother to share his childhood with.  Jake told his Father he felt much the same way, with his Sister and Brother already out of the home starting their own family. Jake admitted it affected his attitude and led to much of his earlier troubles as a teen. He now had the Grand Eight, brothers of the soul and heart.  His Father admitted he was the lucky one. He envied his son. With the navigation system on Jakes Ford Expedition, they found the address of Toby Z. Cooper, a modest home.
Jackson Lake steeled himself, with his briefcase in his hand and Jake at his side they stepped up to the door. Jackson turned to his son.  “What if we came all this way and he is not home Jake.”
“Don’t worry Dad, he will be home. I took the liberty of calling a head and talked to his Granddaughter. We had a long conversation, and she knows why we are here. She didn’t seem surprised that her Grandfather had a younger brother.” Jake admitted. “I thought it was best this way to break the ice I suppose.”
“Thank you, son, it does help. Well here goes.” Jackson Lake rang the bell. A young girl about a few years older than Jake answered the door.
“Hello, you must be Jake my 2nd cousin, and this is Great Uncle Jackson. I’m Lilian Cooper. Grandfather Toby’s granddaughter. Please come in. Grandfather is down stairs in his workroom working on a new Cabinet for a client.  I told him that you would be a client looking to have him restore a China cabinet for him.” Lilian said.
“Is your Grandfather well Lilian, I wouldn’t want to cause any issues with his health.” Jackson asked.
“Oh, Grandfather is as fit as fiddle. Don’t you worry Uncle Jackson.  You make yourself comfortable in the living room and I will be right back.”  Lilian said.
Moments later an older gentlemen arrived, wearying a leather apron. Greeted his guest with a handshake. “I understand you have a 100-year-old China cabinet that needs restoration...” then Toby paused, looking at Jackson. “Don’t I know you sir, you look very familiar to me, have we met before.”
“Yes, Tobias, when I was four years old when you gave me this toy train engine for my birthday.” Jackson pulled out of his briefcase the toy engine and handed it to Tobias. Tobias stood there frozen, speechless, remembering the toy engine. He turned it over and read the inscription. “To my little brother on his 4th Birthday.”
“Jackson, is it really you.” Tobias asked.
“Yes, brother, and this is my youngest son Jake.  We have come to bring you home Zakaria Tobias Lake.”
“I have no home to go back to, Father made that very clear to me. You are wasting your time.” Tobias rebuked his brother.
“Listen, Tobias, what Father did I have no knowledge of it. What I do know is that Jake here with the help of his friends have proven you didn’t accidently kill that hunter in the woods 56 years ago.” He told his brother.
Seating down. “What do you mean, I was there, in the woods hunting, I was shooting at a deer, I thought I wounded him, I followed his tracks when I came up on the hunter laying there on the ground. I realized I had to have to have missed the deer and shot the hunter in the woods. I didn’t know what to do.  I ran home to tell Father, I wanted to turn myself in. He wouldn’t hear of it. He asked me if there were witnesses that saw me shoot the man, or where I found him.  I said I didn’t know. He ordered me to hide the gun and my hunting boots up in the attic.  Not to say anything to anyone. I refused, I was going to call Sheriff Charles Capp and confess I did it. It was an accident. He flew into a rage and said if I did, he would disown me, take me out of the will and make you his heir. I wasn’t going to shame the family name of Lake.  In my anger I packed a few things and left the mansion that night. I called the sheriff anonymously and told him where to find the body. Before I left town, the next day I went to the bank and withdrawn all the money Grandfather left me. I have been on the run since.” Tobias explained.
“Uncle Tobias, the gun you had  with you that day was a Remington was it not.” Jake asked.
“Yes.”
“The caliber bullet that killed the hunter was a 30-30, you didn’t kill that hunter. Dad give him the police report.” Jake asked his dad.
Tobias read the report, then sat there silent, then started crying. “I have been running for so long thinking I killed that hunter. I have nightmares reliving that scene of finding his body.” Tobias turned to his brother. “Did Father know?”
“No, Tobias, he hit the gun and your boots in the attic until Jake found them recently.  Jake was researching the family tree for a school project when he read our father’s diary and discovered I had an older brother.  I’m sorry Tobias, I was so young I barely remembered you, except that one memory of the Toy train engine. Father let me believe you were dead. He erased you name from the family papers and anywhere your name was found.  In his diary he spoke of the last time he tried to find you, that was 19 years ago.” Jackson told his brother.
“I remember, he sent a detective after me, I was still using my real name back then, I told the detective I wanted nothing to do with my father.  I legally changed my name to mothers maiden name and came here to Dearborn.  Been here for 19 years. I suppose Father sent you.” He asked.
“Tobias, he died shortly after that detective found you.” Jackson said. “I believe he was reaching out to you to ask your forgiveness. He wasn’t well back then. When a man is looking at deaths door, even the coldest heart can change.” Jackson said.
“At first when I saw you, I thought you were father.  You look so much like him.” Tobias said.
“I may look like him, but I am not him Tobias.  What father did was wrong, but I still loved him Tobias. He had his faults, we all do.” Jackson told his brother.
“Uncle Tobias, you have been officially cleared of all responsibility of that Hunters Death.  You have nothing to hide from anymore.  No more nightmares.” Jake said.
“Oh, Jackie, you know I used to call you Jackie, I have missed my little brother so much.”  Jackie and Tobias stood and embraced each other for what seemed like a life time.
“I can’t believe I can come home again.  Please tell me what I have missed little brother.”  The brothers spent several hours going over the 56 years they had been apart. Tobias learned he had two nephews and a niece, and a grandniece and two  grandnephews. Tobias re-introduced his granddaughter Lilian, and talked about a daughter and son he had, he was widowed now. Lilian’s Father was a carpenter following in his father’s footsteps, his Daughter a nurse in a Detroit hospital.  Divorced and has two sons. Tobias told how he first struggled to get by, but eventually took a carpenters job as an apprentice. He is now semi-retired specializing in restoration work on antique cabinetry. “I suppose you don’t have a china cabinet to have restored now Jackson.” Tobias asked his brother.
“Now that I think of it, there is the China Cabinet in the formal dining room. Barbara Jeans been getting at me for years to have it restored Tobias” Jacksons said.
“I know the one you are thinking of. I craved my initials in it one day ZTL on the left side toward the bottom. Mother was furious. I hide in the attic all afternoon from Father until I got hungry.”
“Then I have a china cabinet for you to restore for the right price sir.” Jackson Lake asked.
“When can you come the Mansion Uncle Tobias, mother can’t wait to meet you.” Jake asked.
“I have a piece I am just finishing up for a client. It should be dry and ready for delivery in five days. I can get Lilian to drive me there if you have room for her. She’s my right-hand assistant these days, and my van driver. I can be there on the seventh day from today if you like.” Tobias said.
“That would be fine brother, it would give Barbara Jean time to ready the rooms for you.” Jackson told his brother. “I’m sorry Tobias but I must cut our visit short, like you I have clients too, of a different sort, residential and commercial tenants to deal with daily and an office full of staff.  The Lake Mansion has gone through some modern changes since last you were there.  Though much of the old charm remains.  I think you will like it. Thank you, Lilian, for your hospitality you have been so gracious a host, until next week brother. Here’s my card with the current phone #, I don’t think you will find it hard to find the place, it is after all the largest home in Grand Apple Valley Junction”. 
Jake and his Father left Dearborn for the two-hour drive home.  Jake turned to his Father. “Jackie?” Jake asked.
“Only your grandmother ever called me that, and your mother when she wants something from me.” He told Jake.
“It must work Father, mother always get what she wants.”
***

Jake reports to the Grand Eight his visit to Dearborn and that his Father was reunited with his older brother. Uncle Tobias and his Granddaughter will be visiting next week. Mother was all up in a tizzy not having more notice. Jake told the boys, Mother’s will never change. One moment she invites a relative over for a stay, then acts like you should have given me better notice.  Dad told her everything will be okay, Just, air out the spare rooms, put fresh linen down, and don’t tell me you need  new curtains for the spare rooms. “  Mother  wants to hire a cleaning lady to help the cleaning lady we already have. I had to get out of the house before she told me my room needed new curtains.”
“You think you room needs new curtains, she wanted to put up new shower curtains in my bath. I told your mother, I didn’t need new shower curtains. She called me you cheeky boy and went into the bathroom to measure the shower for new curtains.  She came out and said you have glass doors.  I said that why I don’t need new shower curtains.” Caesar told the boys. He got a Charley pillow thrown in the puss by Jake.
“Hey, Caesar you going up to the U.P. to visit your mother this summer.” Charley asked.
“I talked it over with her last night. I decided I would like to stay on here over the summer.  Dad won’t be back until  next year, he has decided to extend his sabbatical. So, it looks like I am here until I graduate next year.  Jakes parents had no problem with that. You want to tell them your news Jake.” Caesar prompted Jake.
I have  decided in the Fall to enroll in the  police academy in the Capital. This will be my last summer in Grand Apple Valley Junction. Sorry.” Jake told the boys.
“Hey, that is  great Jake.” Jimmy, shaking Jake hand. “Put it here Jake”
“It won’t be the same with you gone.” Charley said.
“Gee, we will miss you Jake,” Roy said.
“Hey, Twins, I am not dying, I will be around eventually, when I am on leave from the academy. It is a one-year program and when I graduate, I plan to apply for an internship with the county sheriff office right here.  So, I will be back.  Sheriff Capp said he would welcome me at the station. After my internship I will be able to take a policemen job just about anywhere I want to.  Don’t tell anyone, but Sheriff Capp said constable Miller is thinking about retiring in two years. The city could use a real policemen for a change. Don’t tell Miller that.” Jake warned the boys.
“It looks like we are stuck with you then.” Charley complained. He managed to duck two pillows, but the third one got him in the head.
“Have we come up with something special to do this summer yet?” Roger said to change the subject.
“I have an idea boys.” Aunt Nellie said carrying in a tray of soda’s and chips for the boys. 
“What is it Aunt Nellie?” Denny asked.
“Before I tell you, let me tell you a little story first.  As you all know, I hail from Ennis, Ireland where the McKelly clan has been living there since Saint Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland. My family still owns a bit of property there, and in Killarney, well I do. I been thinking of late that I should visit those properties.  I been thinking of selling most of it, as there isn’t any McKelly’s left in Ennis,  except for cousins so far removed from me that they don’t even remember they had a McKelly in the family.  My Solicitor back in Dublin has  buyers lined up mostly current tenants. I’ll be needing to be back to finalize any sales.  I will be meeting with  the Solicitor in Killarney then on to Ennis. So, what do you think of the Grand Eight going with me?” You would have thought the boys won the state lottery, the way they were jumping and hollering. When they quieted down, they started drilling Aunt Nellie for details.
“When Aunt Nellie? Charley asked.
Not until after the 4th of July Charley. For 3 weeks at the most.  Now save you questions. The trip will me on me, so don’t worry.  Second, I have already made some inquires with each of your folks, they are for it. Think it will be a great educational trip for you. Third, we will need to get each of you boys, travel visa’s and passports, so that will mean documentation, birth certificates and the like. For Ricky he will need permission from Family court to travel out of the country. Then here is the hard part where the needle and the camel meet. You will all need immunizations shots required by the Ireland government for all foreign visitors.  Which Dr. Mom can take care of? There’s a 10-day quarantine after you get the shots. So, that will be the first thing this week. Meanwhile a trip to the capital to apply for your visas.  I will not need one as I am an Ireland citizen still and have my passport in good order.  That gives us 4 weeks top to get things in order.  Plane reservations can be made anytime out of Chicago, Jake can drive us to the airport. A short hop to New York city, then on to Ireland.”
“Caesar, I have talked to your mother, and she sees no problems with you going. She says you have your Birth certificate with you. She is sending a letter of parental permission by express mail since you are still under 18.  The visa’s passports will be the biggest hurdle to jump over, given bureaucracy these days. We may need to delay the trip by a week if necessary. But that’s okay, Jake won’t be leaving for the police academy until September and school here won’t start until after Labor Day.  Give us some flexibility in our travel plans. Now you may ask your questions.” Aunt Nellie told the boys.
“How many shots do we need to get Aunt Nellie?” Charley asked.
“How many arms, legs, and butts do you have boy?” Aunt Nellie asked.
“No, no, no, I’ll stay home Aunt Nellie,” Charley moaned.
“I’m joking Charley boy, you have most of your shots as it is, just a buster shot no more than 2 at least Dr. Mom says.  Jimmy’s Mom will have to get Ricky’s health records to see how updated his shots are.  Ireland is very modern and a health-conscious country. Unlike underdeveloped nations with disease problems. Dr. Mom says most of the shots will be skin pricks like for TB. She will update your Tetanus shots and give you a flu shot.  The quarantine is to check for any reactions to those skin pricks. Then a certification for your passport. I too will get the same shots. You don’t see me moaning Charley.” Aunt Nellie said.
“You got more padding on your butt”. Charley said, then regretted it. Every Charley pillow in the Boat house flew at Charley.
“Thank you, boys,” Aunt Nellie laughed. “It’s my best feature Charley.” Then she left the Boat house leaving the Grand Eight making all kinds of plans. What to pack, how much to pack. Do they have to learn Irish before they go, Charley asked? The boys looked around for more Pillows to throw.  Charley was sitting on them all. So, they threw themselves at Charley, “They speak English you moron.”
The four weeks of preparations, shots, and applying for passports went fast for the boys. There was only one hitch in their plans.  Aunt Nellie couldn’t get enough seats on the plane for everyone on the time she wanted to leave. So, they had a delay of 3 days. The boys sat around the boat house moaning and groaning, “Are we there yet,” Charley complained. 
“We haven’t left yet Charley.” Roy yelled at his twin, tried to throw a pillow at him, but couldn’t find one.  Charley hid them all. Roy threw a sandal at him.
“Come on Roy, if you bruise that pretty face of his, they won’t let us on the plane thinking he is infected with a contagious decease.” Denny said. 
“Oh, he is infected all right, little brain maggots eating what’s left of his brain.” Roy complained.
“Okay, Twins, that is enough! We are all uptight and want to get on our way to Ireland.” Jake said. “Denny don’t encourage them.”
“Yes, Jake, sorry.” Denny apologized.
“Jake, how’s that restoration project going at the mansion?” Roger asked.
“Uncle Tobias put the finishing touches on the China Cabinet yesterday, just needs to let the stain dry and then a final clear coat over that. Mother is very pleased with the results.  She didn’t even mind that Uncle Tobias left the ZTL initials on the cabinet.  She says it gives it character. Cousin Lilian has been helping mother out around the house, running errands for her, taking Mother around for her social activities. Uncle Tobias and Lilian are planning on staying on through during our trip to Ireland. With Caesar and I gone.  Mother will have someone to talk too, and Dad will have his brother around.  Uncle Tobias is planning on restoring a couple more pieces of the antiques in the house.  I told Uncle Tobias that there are a couple wardrobes in the attic that are museum pieces, he took a look and is interested in restoring them too.  I told him about the Armory at the Copper Ore lodge and how it had a climate control system to preserve the artifacts.  Dad say’s they should install one in the attic to preserve the family History. So, they will be busy for a long time.” Jake related.
“Hi boys,” The sheriff called as he came up to the boat.  “I have some sad news for you, you will have to cancel leaving for the Airport on Wednesday.”
“Why Dad?” Charley asked with the saddest puppy eyes.
“Because you are leaving now. Your Aunt Nellie booked rooms at the Airport Hilton.  Figured mopping around here for three days was too much torture on her nerves.  The rental van is already packed  and waiting, so get your butts moving. Grab your flight bags, make sure your passports and travel papers on in them.  Jake, I have let your father know you are leaving today. Your families are all at the inn to give you a fair Bon voyage.  Dr Mom is waiting at the house. Roy were is you other sandal.” The Sheriff asked.
“Charley, has it.” Roy wanted to say, “Up Charley’s butt, but didn’t.”
“Boy’s will be boys” he whispered to the backs of the boys as they raced to the house.
The Capps said good bye to the Twins, and Denny.  Told Aunt Nellie to rule with an iron fist to keep these hellions in order. Then gave instructions to Jake to mind the road as he gets into Chicago. Leave the van at the Rental place.  They will hold it for you for your return trip home.  The boys with their on-board bags stacked with the luggage climbed in the Van.  Aunt Nellie taking her co-pilot seat. Jake behind the wheel headed for the Walker Inn for the last rounds of Goodbyes. An hour later they were on the road to Chicago. That late afternoon they checked in at the Airport Hilton. The next day Aunt Nellie took them down to the Chicago loop where they saw the sights of the city. Took a tour boat up the Chicago river where the guide explained the many interesting historical buildings, and the river’s history.  They had a late lunch at the Navy Pier and enjoyed the carnival rides. 
The next day it was the Art museum, and the natural history museum.  On the Third day before their late afternoon flight, they visited the Lincoln Zoo in the morning.  From there they went back to the Hotel, gathered their bags, and checked out. They took the underground moving sidewalk to the Airport from there.  They checked their bags in at their terminal. Then waited for their boarding call. Two hours and 45 minutes later they were in New York city with a short lay over, then 6 hours to Dublin, Ireland.
From Dublin by van to Cork with an overnight stay, then on to Killarney in the morning. Roughly 200 U.S. miles Southwest from Dublin. Killarney has a population of 15,000.  Aunt Nellie had them booked at the Old Weir Lodge within a 10-minute walk to the Town Center. The boys would double up in two double bed rooms, single room for Aunt Nellie. Ricky asked Aunt Nellie why they were not staying at her castle. She explained to Ricky that her castle is in Ennis, once belonged to her Grandfather. It was now a part of the Ireland Heritage Foundation, a popular tourist attraction. She still owned the land, but the foundation were trustees of the historic site. 
Ricky asked if she had any homes in Ireland to stay in. She told Ricky that they all have tenants in them, some farming the land, or renting the homes. That’s why she was here in Ireland after so many years living in America. She had decided to sell her holdings here.  She planned to give the Foundation outright ownership of the castle and its surrounding lands. Which they could support the foundation off the lands income.  She had many interest, and tenants who were eager to have ownership of the land and their homes. Her Solicitor here has been dealing with offers and drawing up sale agreements she had to sign off on.  Sadly, she told Ricky that the McKelly legacy would fade away into history. The days of the Lords and Ladies of Ireland landlords would fade with it returning much back to the common folk of Ireland.  Her business here would take a few days to settle then on to Ennis to settle the business with the foundation. Then  she would show the boys the Emerald Island of legend and lore. 
That night Aunt Nellie and the boys eat at a local pub that served an excellent Irish stew. Aunt Nellie told the boys they would be on their own to see the sights of Killarney. Her Solicitor Kenny O’Rielly had an office on High street where she would be meeting with her prospective buyers and tenants.  Old Wier Lodge had brochures of the sites to visit. Stay within Killarney one can could get lost on the many roads out in the country. Watch out for Leprechauns and wood sprites.  They love to snag a weary traveler in to their Fairy circles. Aunt Nellie was so serious the boys weren’t sure if she was joking or not.  
After dinner Aunt Nellie took the boys for a walk down high street showing the boys the many shops and pubs. The boys could feel the atmosphere of Ireland and knew their where in a foreign land steeped in rich history. The next morning the boys saw Aunt Nellie off to meet with her Solicitor O’Rielly.  With a brochure in hand then decided to first visit the Killarney House, Garden, and museum. That afternoon they took the Killarney Horse carriage tour of the area. On their return to Old Wier Lodge, the boys found a phone message from Aunt Nellie saying she would be busy late into the evening with the Solicitor. Told the boys to find a good place to eat in the Town center, and not to wait up for her.  After dinner they spotted a teen center with an arcade and enjoyed the rest of the evening competing with local teens at billiards, ping bong and video games.  
The boys retired to their rooms worn out from their activities of the day. They slept in late, when they woke, Denny went to check on Aunt Nellie and found she wasn’t in her room.  Denny  told the boys she must have already left early for the Solicitor. That day they visited St. Mary’s Catholic Cathedral an Historic Roman Church, then over to Muckross House where there was a shop and Cafe. The boys had a fine lunch and picked up some nice gifts to take home. That afternoon Jake drove over to the east shore of Lough Leane to Kenmare House, a B&B, residence of the Earl of Kenmare , Sir Valentine Brown the first members of the Browne family to settle in Ireland in 1559.  The boys where keeping mental note of the history of the area for a possible paper for school relating to their visit to Ireland.
The boys stopped in the Town center to get a bit to eat then returned to the Old Weir Lodge. They sat in the lobby of the lodge, watching Irish television for a while, waiting for Aunt Nellie to return from the Solicitors office. By 5 p.m. they were getting worried.  There had been no messages from Aunt Nellie since yesterday afternoon.  The twins checked her room and no Aunt Nellie.  Jake checked at the front desk and inquired if Ms. McKelly had left any new messages for them. There were no new messages. Jake decided they needed to find the Solicitor’s office on High street. Jake drove by two times from one end of the street back to the other end. They saw no sign that would tell them that there was a Kenny O’Rielly having an office on Hight street.  
Jake parked the van and the boys walked up and down the street looking down alleys and checking doors.  No offices of Kenny O’Rielly where found. They came upon a constable walking his beat and asked him if he knew where Solicitor Kenny O’Rielly’s offices where. The constable told the boys he knew of no Solicitor Kenny O’Rielly having an office on High street or anywhere in Killarney.  He was born and raised here and been on this beat for many a year. When the boys explained their Aunt, Nellie had come to Ireland to see the Solicitor to settle some business of hers in Ireland. That was two days ago, and they haven’t seen her since except for a note left at the lodge she would be working late last night.  They been told by Aunt Nellie that the Solicitor had an office on High street in walking distance of Old Wier Lodge.  We been up and down this street looking for that office.
The constable became concerned and told the boys he would call his station and see if his Captain knew of any new Solicitor in town having an office. Constable O’Leary came up with a negative on that.  He told the boys maybe he should check out her room to see if she left an address for this Solicitor. The search revealed an address for 213 B High street. O’Leary said he knew that address, it was a vacant one-story building.  O’Leary asked at the front desk who took the message from Ms. McKelly, the owner said she did, it was a man’s voice on the phone. Constable O’Leary called his Captain back and explained that he had a report of a missing American women on business. He gave the detail of the circumstances.
“The Captain will be right over boys, meanwhile can you tell me more about your Aunt Nellies business in Killarney. Maybe we should start with your relationship to Ms. McKelly first.” He asked.
Denny explained.  “I am Denny McKelly, Aunt Nellie is my great, great, Aunt, my legal guardian and trustee of my estate in America. She is an Irish citizen of the McKelly clan her Grandfather was Lord Sean Beacon McKelly of the Ennis McKelly’s. The Twins are Charley and Roy Capp, Aunt Nellie’s Great Grandnephews as well, my cousins their Father is a county Sheriff back in Michigan and a retired Senior FBI field officer. These are our schoolmates back home.” Denny introduced the boys. “Aunt Nellie is here to sell off her holdings in Ireland.  She is the last surviving heir of Lord McKelly of Innes. This Kenny O’Rielly was her Solicitor here arranging the sale of her holdings.” Denny explained.
“By all that is Holy in Ireland, she’s back!”


Chapter 5
The Old Girl goes Batty


“You know of my Aunt Nellie, constable O’Leary?” Denny asks.
“I know of her, but never met her, lad. She is a legend around here. She is also my landlord or should I say was. The tenant building , I am living in, we have formed a cooperative and we are purchasing the building from her.  I must be honest, we have not dealt with any Solicitor named Kenny O’Rielly in our transactions.  We have been dealing with a firm in Dublin who as been handling our transactions. Something is not right here lad. Ah, here’s me captain now lad. He will  get to the bottom of this. Let me have a wee talk with him.” Constable O’Leary took the captain aside and made his report. 
O’Leary introduced his captain. “Denny my lad this is Captain Ryan Malley head constable of Killarney.”
“Am I to understand, that Ms. Nellie McKelly is your Aunt, and these fine twins too?”
“Yes, Captain Malley” Denny replied.
“It is a small world after all, Lord Denny.” The captain said.
“I am not a Lord Captain.” Denning replied puzzled.
“Well, which of you are the oldest the twins or you?” The captain asked.
“I be older by 4 months, Captain Malley.” Denny stated.
“Then around here you be a Lord of the land, your Aunts heir and a descendant of Lord Sean McKelly lad.” The captain said.
“But I am was born in America Captain” Denny pleaded.
“That you may well be lad, but if I remember what my Dad told me, your mother be Rebecca McKelly, I, we know of her sad life lad. She was the daughter of Dr. Grady McKelly, the last male McKelly to die.  Your mother was raised right here in Ireland by her Grandfather.  Only the oldest male McKelly can inherit the title Lord.” The captain explained.
Jake stepped forward. “Captain, excuse me but Aunt Nellie is missing.”
“Right, you are Lad. I have O’Leary’s report and it’s not what we like visitor’s to the Emerald Isles to have to deal with. I have sent O’Leary to the station to put the word out to all constables in the area to look for an elderly lady that might be in distress.  Would any of you have a picture of your Aunt Nellie a current one would be best. We will need that to hand out to our constables.” Denny produced a snap shot from his wallet and handed it to the Captain. “I see you get that back lad. As for this Kenny O’Rielly, O’Leary is calling the Solicitor in Dublin to see if he is attached to their firm.  Meanwhile, I suggest you boy’s get a good rest tonight.  Not much we can do for now. I will report back if I come up with anything.” Captain Malley left the lodge, leaving the boys at a loss at what to do.
Jake turned to the boys. “Not much we can do, he said.  Well, he doesn’t know the Grand Eight boys.”
“What you got in mind Jake?” Asked Denny.
“We need to check out that empty building at 213 High street.  Aunt Nellie went their believing that was the office of the solicitor O’Rielly. There’s got to be something in there that will lead us to finding Aunt Nellie.  First, we need to stop at the Teen center, we need some local boys to help us. Everyone pool your extra cash you got together. We will need to hire us some help.” Jake explained.
The boys returned to the teen center to find some of the teens there from the night before.  They were greeted with warm hello’s. Jake explained to the teens his problem.
“We have a problem, our Aunt Nellie, the lady were telling you about last night has disappeared. Denny here is her Grandnephew, Lord Denny McKelly, Aunt Nellie is his guardian she’s the Granddaughter of the Late Lord Sean Beacon McKelly of Ennis. Now some of may not know the late Lord McKelly, he is before you time. Aunt Nellie is the current Lady McKelly and most likely your folks landlady as well.  She came back to Ireland to sell all her holdings here to return the land back to the common people.  Do you know the building at 213 B High Street?” Jake asked.
“I, it’s been empty for years now Jake.” One of the teens said.
“Aunt Nellie was supposed to meet her Solicitor there, she believed it was his office. She was going to sign off on the sales agreements. She has been missing for two days now never came back from that meeting.  Captain Malley tells us that there is no solicitors office there.  Lord Denny and I, and the boys need to get into that building to check it out. We need your help. We can pay for your time.” Jake offered.
“Keep you money Jake, my Dads one of Lady McKelly’s commercial tenants, his getting a fair good prices for the land and building. We do anything to help Lord Denny to find his Aunt. Won’t we boys.” All the teens in the center agreed. “What can we do for you lads.” The teen asked.
“We need flashlights and lookouts while we find a way into the building, maybe some tools to break the lock.” Jake said.
“Don’t need tools Jake, we never lock empty buildings around here, nothing to steal.” Said the same teen. There’s a dark alley behind the that block of buildings. We boys use it all the time for short cuts to the teen center. Joey, go to your father’s hardware and get flashlights for Jake and his boys.  We will meet you behind 213. Timmy, Terry you watch the front of 213, whistle if you see Constable O’Leary coming.  Cory and Tory, you twins watch each end of the alley, I’ll watch the back door. Come Jake, Lord Denny, bring your boys along.”
“Please call me Denny” Denny told the teen.
“Don’t mind if I do. I’m Brian Moore, Denny.” Brian shook hands with Denny.  
Jake and the Grand Eight found themselves at the back of 213 with flashlights in hand.  The back door was already ajar, then entered the back room and found an old dusty desk and chair.  The room was littered with old broken-down cardboard boxes, packing peanuts all over the place. Empty shelves lined up against the walls. On the desk they found spots where recently they had been papers lain about, empty dust trails on the top.  With their flashlights Jake started checking the desk drawers, Caesar started checking a trash bin in one corner.  Jake asked the twins to sift through the cardboard boxes and packing peanuts on the floor. Ricky and Roger checked out the front room.  Jake discovered a coil of rope at the feet of the chair at the desk. Scuff marks on the floor from where the chair had been dragged out from the desk.  He found nothing in the desk drawers except dust. With his flashlight he found a ladies lace handkerchief it had the initials N.M. embroidered on it.  It was Aunt Nellies, before he could tell the boys, Charley hollered he found a syringe and vile under the stuffing Peanuts, Caesar came up with a torn prescription slip from the waste bin. Ricky found a listing of Seasonal Vacation homes in the front room. Before the boys could compare what they found, Brian poked his head in the back doors. 
“Constable O’Leary is coming down the street, time to go boys.”  Charley grabbed an empty can and stuffed the vile and syringe in it. The others stuff their pockets with the items they found. Then high tailed it out and down the alley back to the teen center.  There they took a close look at their find. Denny recognized the handkerchief as Aunt Nellies, she had a box of fine Irish lace in her room. Charley dumped the vile and syringe on the ping pong table.  He showed the boys the syringe plunger had been completely push forward.  It had been used recently.  Charley examined the vile, on it was written Rohypnol he told the boys it was a short acting strong sedative, like Valium, but stronger. 
Charley explained to Brian.  “Our mother is a doctor, owns her own clinic back in the states.” On the vile was stamped Ward 4 drug closet, St. Finan Hospital.  Brian said that it was North of town. Told the boys that Ward 4 was the local lunacy ward on the top floor.  Caesar showed the boys the torn prescription slip.  It too was from St. Finan Hospital. The full name of the Doctor on the slip was missing all but initials Dr. J.H. the rest was missing when the slip was torn from the pad. It was written for Rohypnol, but to who to was also missing. The fourth item that Ricky found was from an Elmcourt Holiday Village. Brian told the boys that is Northeast of town, just off Chestnut Dr. on Elm Court. Where there were seasonal cottages, and homes for rent. A plush place, too rich for his blood.
Jake had Charley break off the needle to the syringe so he could handle it safely, then had Brian find a large envelope or small sack he could but their evidence in. He thanked Brain and the other teams for their help. They would be in touch later, may need your help again. Brain said he be glad to be of some help and good luck in finding Aunt Nellie.  You have to, or my Dad won’t be able to finish the deal to buy his store and land.  Jake and the boys returned to the lodge hoping that there would be a message from Captain Malley, but there wasn’t.  They sat together in the room where Jake, Jimmy, Ricky, and Roger where sharing. They went over the clues they had.  Jake told them he found a coil of rope at the base of the chair, Aunt Nellie had been tied up there how else did her lace handkerchief get under the desk.  She had to be drugged, then taken out during that first night. Her abductors had to have made the phone call to the lodge leaving a message for us that she would be working late.  She could be anywhere in Kerry county by now.
“Listen we have all seen the evidence, we need to sleep on it tonight and get a fresh look at things in the morning. There’s nothing we can do tonight.  In the morning we can decide what to do next.” Jake advised.  The Twins, Denny and Caesar went to their rooms. The Grand Eight didn’t sleep well that night, many felt their where out of their depth here in a foreign country and in a city they didn’t know.
***

Aunt Nellie gradually became aware of her surroundings as her eye cleared the fog around her.  She was in a strange room no bigger than  walk in closet, on a narrow cot. The walls where blocks of white masonry the ceiling had one bright recessed light in it glaring in her eyes.  She was in a gray cotton flimsy  gown.  The mattress a thin rubber pad. The bed frame stark dirty medal.  Her eyes focused on the door, a solid steel door with bands of ribbited bolts around it. The window of thick glass with a wire mess embedded in it.  Her mind refused to recognize she was in a cell of sorts. Stark naked coldness, the floor unpainted cement. Her breathing echoing off the walls.  Aunt Nellie tried to remember who she was, how she got here. But such answers wouldn’t hold in her mind. She laid there staring at the light in the ceiling until her mind went blank again.  Went she awoke the next time she had a grasp of reality floating in her mind. Brief images of being tied up with crude rope in a dusty room, then injected with something, her mind slipping into darkness.  Spectral voices flying in the air, then reality faded away again. 
When she awoke the third time, she had all of her faculties in the firm grasp of her mind. She had arrived at 213 High street, finding an empty building, the front door open inviting her in. A voice in the back calling her name. She walked into the back room where she was grabbed from behind rough handled to a chair out the desk. Tied to it, then given an injection, then everything went blank.  She tested her legs, and found she could stand, wobbly at first, she managed to reach the door but found no doorknob to open it.  She peered thought the window out into a hallway saw  many such sterile doors running up and down the hall. She saw a shadow on the wall across from her door, moving down the hallway.  Instinctually she slide over to the side of the window peering from the edge of the window.  A nurse walked by with  a tray of medicine her hands. She was in a hospital but where?
She recalled she was in Ireland, Killarney, but why, her mind refusing to answer her. She returned to her cot to lay down to reason out that answer. Piece by piece she put the puzzle in her head together. She was in Killarney with her grandnephews, with their classmates.  She was here to meet with her solicitor Kenny O’Rielly at his office on High Street, 213 High Street. But it was an empty building then she remembered she had been called from the back of room to come in. She entered the dusty front room, sneezing, she pulled out her lace hankie, to cover her nose as she went into the back room. She was attacked from behind tied to a chair then injected with something. The last thing she remembered was dropping that hankie to the floor as she blacked out. 
She heard voice outside the door, she quietly got up and peered into the window from the side of it. She heard a male voice talking to a nurse. “Put Four Teaspoons of the sedative in our Jane Doe’s orange juice, if she is still unconscious, leave it on the night stand, when she wakes, she will be very thirsty from the that injection of the Rohypnol. This will keep her mellow without the side effects of the Rohypnol.  In the morning have the morning nurse reduce that to 2 teaspoons, then by lunch end the sedative. Then we can proceed with our evaluation and determine the state of mind and what treatment will be needed. J.H. tells me she was found in the Demesne with no identification on her, practically naked and incoherent. Couldn’t remember her name. He had to give her Rohypnol to get her calmed down to transport her to St. Finan. He recommends we keep the women sedated, but I am going to overrule him.  I’m the head of psychiatry at St. Finan, he is just a country Doctor playing at being a Hospital Administrator.  I think I know best how to deal with my patients then he does.
Aunt Nellie returns to her bed just as the door opens into her room. She slows her breathing pretending she is still out cold.  The nurse sets the tray down on the night stand.  She shakes Aunt Nellie when she doesn’t wake, she  walks out leaving the tray behind. With a clearer mind she notices a basin and a toilet in the room.  She decides to take a small sip of the juice then pours the rest into the basin rinsing the basin. She fills the glass to wet her thirst, then returns the empty glass back to the tray.  With a small dose of the sedative, she was able to relax and think straight. Her panic fading. That following morning a new nurse returns to her room, removes the empty glass, and leaves behind a new glass with orange juice. This time she pours all of it out and wets her thirst again.  She is very much aware now what situation she is in. Why, she intends to find out, and the best way to do that is to cooperate, if they think she is a Jane Doe with no memory, she will be a Jane Doe with no memory.
Aunt Nellie lies awake until the smell of food stirs her from her bed.   She peeks out the door window and see’s attendants and nurses delivering meals to various rooms.  Aunt Nellie sets down on the bed trying to put on a vacant stare when the morning Nurse arrives in her room with a tray of food.
“Jane, I see you are awake, would you like some food, we have a light broth here, and toast to start you out with. Would not want to unsettle your stomach now would we. I’m afraid you have been having a mad time with the medication J.H. gave you.” The nurse stated.
Aunt Nellie turns to the Nurse.  “Jane, is that my name?”
“Oh, my no, you are our Jane Doe, J.H. brought you in to St. Finan yesterday morning,  found you wondering around the Demesne in distress half naked, not knowing who you were. I am sorry, he gave you a strong sedative you been out for most of it.” The nurse told Aunt Nellie.
“I am not Jane, who am I?” Aunt Nellie asked.
“Only you can tell us, do you remember you name?”
“I like Jane. What’s your name?” Aunt Nellie asks.
I’m Nurse Leah, Jane. Dr. O’Sullivan will be in shortly to have a talk with you. Now you have some of the broth and toast Jane it will do you some good.”
“Why am I here?” Aunt Nellie asked.
“Dr. O’Sullivan will explain everything to you when he arrives. Now you just have your broth and rest Jane. I will be back later to check in on you Jane.
“Thank you, Nurse Leah.” Aunt Nellie replies.
Nurse Leah leaves Aunt Nellie to eat her broth.  Aunt Nellie eagerly spoons her broth, tearing chunks of toast to soak in it. Finished she lays back down on her cot putting together a story for Dr. O’Sullivan.  She didn’t think the childlike responses would work for long. An hour after lunch, Dr. O’Sullivan enters Aunt Nellie room.  “Nurse Leah tells me you had some lunch Jane. Later we can get you some solid food.” Dr. O’Sullivan gets right to the point. “Do you know why you are here Jane?”
“Nurse Leah told me I was wondering around the Demesne yesterday.  My mind is so foggy.”
“It will clear up Jane.  J.H. gave you a strong Sedative, give it a couple more hours more to flush out of your system.  The broth will help, and I’ll will have Nurse Leah bring in a medication that will help counteract the Rohypnol. Can you remember your name Jane?  You understand Jane isn’t your real name. J.H. brought you to St. Finan with no identification on you, and barely a stitch of clothing on you.”
“I keep having these pictures in my head, of walking for a long time, everything is so blank Dr. I keep grasping for something it keeps slipping out of my hands. I am sorry Dr. I just can’t hold on to who I am.” Aunt Nellie breaks down crying.
“Jane, it’s the medication J.H. gave you. It has some bad side effects on the mind. That quack should know better. I wouldn’t use Rohypnol to deal with someone having a Psychotic episode.  You experienced something traumatic, you mind wants to forget it. Wants important now is for us to get that Rohypnol cleared out of your system.  You will start to remember things, who you are, where you came from.  Your, a strong healthy women for your age Jane. No, I am not going to ask your age, that will come to you in time. What is best for you is to get you in a robe and out of this room.  I’ll get Nurse Leah to walk you down to the sun room.  You can meet our other guests, often familiar surroundings can help jog the memories. While you are in the Sun Room, we will get you into a better room then this. It’s our 24-hour observation room standard procedure when we have people in mental distress.  Quite often after a couple of days, you will remember everything and what triggered your distress. We can then notify your nearest kin and see about getting you home.  Until then, consider this a vacation, the scenery may not be the exotic tropics, nor the food Four star rated, but we will do our best to get you back to your loved ones.  Will you be fine with that Jane?”
“Erin, Dr. I think my name is Erin.” Aunt Nellie reveals.
“Well Erin, that is a far better name then Jane Doe.  The rest will come back to you soon. Now let me check your heart and pulse Erin. Then Nurse Leah will come in to check your blood pressure.” Dr. Sullivan checked Aunt Nellie’s heart and pulse. Heard nothing to be alarmed about.  Nurse Leah came in with a BP machine, and a nice robe over her arm. She checked Aunt Nellie’s blood pressure and then helped her into her robe. Nurse Leah walked Aunt Nellie down to the sun room found her a nice sunny spot to sit near a window. She spent her second night at St. Finan in a comfortable room with a much better bed and furnishings.  A private bathroom better than she expected. 
The next morning, she related to Dr. Sullivan the snippets of memories she had in her sleep. She remember her Grandfather Sean’s farm, from Ennis she thought. How she visited him every summer to help him with his sheep and goats.  She was remembering her teen years, then her first love and how she was so hurt that the lad went to the Christmas fete with another girl.  How angry she was at Mary Moore for stealing her beau. Yet, she couldn’t remember her last name, or anything current. Dr. Sullivan explained. “ Often the oldest memories are the first to come back, while newer memories are hard to grasp.   It’s not the old ones that brought you here Erin, but something recent caused you to go in distress and wander off into the Demesne. Now, I could make suggestions as to why that is so, but I don’t want to force you to remember.”  
“Your subconscious has to come to terms with whatever it was to  open those doors willingly.  Remembering you childhood and teen years is progress forward which will eventually lead up to your present life. Then like a door swung open in the wind, it will all come rushing back to you.  When that does, we will be here for you. Now you enjoy your time in the sun room. Gets some fresh air, start up a conservation, though I admit it won’t be easy. Mrs. Holly O’Carroll over there is in her third stage of Alzheimer’s nearing her 95th year. She rarely gets visitors these days. She will talk to you, then forget what she said then repeat it and forget it again, then go on to random thoughts. She’s a dear lady.  Why don’t you sit with her, just be patient with her? I have my rounds Erin, we will talk another time.” Dr. Sullivan left for his rounds. 
Aunt Nellie went over to Mrs. O’Carroll and sat next to her. Holly looked at Aunt Nellie trying to figure out if she knew her. “Granddaughter so nice of you to visit me today. Do I know you? When is that husband of mine going to take me home?”  Aunt Nellie sat there for an hour, answering Holly’s questions as best as she could.  Then Holly dosed in her wheel chair. Aunt Nellie rose and went to the window that faced out to the front entrance of St. Finan Hospital. Then her heart fluttered when she saw the Grand Eight walk up to the hospital entrance. She made a rash decision, she didn’t want to leave just yet.  She sat down at the craft table and grabbed a colored pencil and paper. Started writing a note.  Somehow, she was going to pass it on to the boys when they came up to her ward.  Pretend she wasn’t their Aunt.  The boys never came up.  She worried then she folded the note into a paper airplane, then at the window she waited for the boys to leave the hospital.  Jake led the boys out the door, Denny was trailing behind.  Aunt Nellie sent the airplane out the window where it landed at Denny’s feet.  Denny bent down and picked it up. Looked around him but saw no child around who might have lunched it. He was going to throw it in a nearby trash bin when Jake hollered for him to catch up. He stuffed it his pocket and raced over to the van where the boys were waiting for him.  Aunt Nellie saw Denny leave with the note.  Now it was time to find out who this J.H. was and why he lied about where he found her.
***

The Grand Eight were upset that St. Finan didn’t pan out.  If Aunt Nellie wasn’t there, then where was she. The boys had gotten up that morning to go over the clues they found. The building on High street was empty, they found evidence that Aunt Nellie had been there. Her monogramed lace handkerchief was proof of that. The rope was evidence that she had been tied up.  The syringe was evidence that she had been drugged, and the vile proved what drug. Some Dr. with the initials J.H. was involved his prescription slip showed that.  O’Rielly was the unknown factor here. Was he involved or just a name to draw Aunt Nellie to the empty building?  Jake said we need to call the Captain and see what they have found out so far.  The boys headed down to the front lobby to use the guest phone.  They found Constable O’Leary just walking in to the lodge.
“Just the young lads I was looking for. I got a call back from the Dublin solicitors office.  They tell me they do not have a Kenny O’Rielly in their firm.  They do report that the solicitor assigned to your Aunts dealings wasn’t scheduled to meet with her until next week.  So, we can assume this O’Rielly was up to his neck in shenanigans that’s for sure. Captain Malley sent me over to 213 B High street this morning to check the building out. The only thing I found was a coil of rope around a chair, nothing else.  I made inquiries with the neighbors they report a gentlemen in and out, of the place, they assumed he was thinking of purchasing it.  Having seen him around since 3 days ago.  About the time your Aunt had a meeting with him.  They don’t recall a women coming to the building that day either.  Many of the tenants are day workers they wouldn’t be around much during the week days. I sorry boys.
Captain Malley has alerted our version of your state police back in the states.  Hang tight lads, that’s all I can tell you for now.  Though it might help you to hang out around the Teen center in that area, make some inquiries of your own. I am afraid the boys won’t talk to me.  I suppose it’s not any different in the states either.  Don’t blame them though, when I was their age, I didn’t trust the coppers either. Listen, take courage, we will find Aunt Nellie, from want my dad told me Erin Danielle McKelly was a red headed spitfire and didn’t let anyone get in her way.  She’s been known to breakout of some tight spots. Well, like I said, hang tight lads. I’ll keep in touch.” Constable O’Leary left the lodge, the boys wondering what he meant when he said, Aunt Nellie had been known to breakout of some tight spots.
Charlie asked. “I thought her first name was Nellie, who’s Erin Danielle McKelly.”
Denny turned to his cousin.  “I suppose the cat is out of the bag. Erin is Aunt Nellie’s first name and Danielle her middle name.  Nellie is short for Danielle. She told me years ago, that she didn’t like Erin, and liked her nickname of Nellie better since she was a teen.  I guess the older folks around here know her as Erin Danielle.  Just don’t call her Erin, or that red headed spitfire will chop you head off Charley.
“Hey, I met that red headed spitfire once when I snuck a harmless garden snake into her bed. Remember I couldn’t sit for a week.” Charley lamented. 
Listen boy’s as much as we what to remember our found memories of far ago days, we have to think about today.” Jake reminded them.
“So, what do we do now Jake?” Roger asked.
“O’Leary said nothing about them checking the local hospital out. Let’s drive over to St. Finan and make inquires if they had any admissions into the Emergency room or hospital.  That vile came from ward 4 and Brain said it was their Lunatic ward. It’s a start, if Aunt Nellie were drugged, and managed to escape she could have been picked up wandering the streets in a stupor, admitted to the hospital.” Jake told the boys. Twenty minutes later, the boy’s pulled up to the hospital visitors parking lot. 
Unknown to them Aunt Nellie saw them enter the hospital.  Denny went up to the admission desk explained if his Aunt had been admitted recently. He had come to visit her and found out she had not been seen in a couple days by her neighbors.  He told the nurse at the desk was around 82 years old and had been having have some memory problems of late. He showed her a picture of his Aunt. Gave the nurse her name.  She checked her admission records and found no Erin McKelly had been admitted in the last 72 hours or been to emergency.
 Denny asked if it had been possible, she was admitted to Ward 4. She checked her records and reported no one had been admitted to the Psychiatric Ward in the last two weeks. There were no Jane does either. The admitting nurse said sorry, maybe he should report her missing to the local constable station.  Maybe she went to visit another family member?  Denny thanked her and told he would visit the constable station.  The boys left the hospital depressed, they had hoped she would be there.  Denny lagged behind the boys as they left the hospital and headed to the parking lot.  Something flew by Denny’s head, and landed at his feet. He picked up, it was a paper airplane.  He looked around but didn’t see any kids about playing.  He was going to throw it in a nearby waste bin when Jake told him to hurry up, we are waiting on you.  Denny stuff the paper airplane in his pocket and raced to the van where the boys were waiting on him.  Ricky asked what was that he picked up from the ground. “Just some paper airplane flying around.”


Chapter 6
A message from the Air


Later that afternoon, the boys return to the teen center to find Brian and his pals there.  They were greeted has long time friends.  Brian asked if they had found their Aunt Nellie yet. Denny told them no luck in finding Aunt Nellie.  Brian told Denny. “You’re in the right country for finding luck Denny, us Irish always have luck in our pockets, just waiting for us to pull it out.” Thats when Denny remembered he had that paper airplane in his pocket.  He pulled it out and took a closer look at it. He saw writing in one of the folds of the wings.  On the top of a video game table, he unfolded the airplane to reveal a handwritten note. He recognized the hand writing as that of Aunt Nellie. He turned to Brian.
“Your right Brian, there was some Irish luck in my pocket. We were at St. Finan earlier to check and see if Aunt Nellie had been admitted, she wasn’t. When we left the building this paper airplane came flying down from nowhere and landed at my feet.  I picked it up, just as Jake called to hurry up. I stuck it my pocket and forgot about it.” Denny said to the Grand Eight. “it’s a note from Aunt Nellie.” Denny read the note out loud to everyone. “Denny don’t come back, not safe for you. I am safe where I am in ward 4. Am in good care. Faking I can’t remember who I am.  I need you and the Grand Eight to shadow J.H. admin St. Finan,  J.H. and O’Reilly abducted me.  Find out why. Old Wier Lodge room 12, Erin.” Denny handed the note to the twins. They agreed it was Aunt Nellie’s handwriting.
“Now do you see how lucking the Irish are.” Brian said.
Jake asked Brain. “Do you know this J.H. at St. Finan?”
“Yeah, he’s some country Doctor came from Ennis a while back to take over the Administration of St. Finan. Everyone around here don’t like him. He thinks he’s an Irish Lord, some pompous fool telling everyone he’s titled and all that. Anyone who knows anything about Irish Lords don’t believe he is. Why my Granddad said he never heard of a Higgins from Ennis being titled a Lord, none the less Jonathan Higgins. Brian states. “Granddads from Ennis.”
“My Dad don’t think much of him either, says he is a horse doctor who thinks he’s an M.D.” Terry said.
“Where does Higgins live Brian:” Roy asks. 
“St. Finan has a cottage at Elmcourt Holiday Village, Hey, that’s right that Brochure you found at 213.” Brian said.
“Then that’s where we will find this O’Rielly bloke I bet.” Jake said.
“Jake, who is the Grand Eight?” Brian asked.
The eight boys stood together, took a bow. “We are the Grand Eight, experienced Treasure hunters, Crime busters, we catch crooks for the FBI, rescue kidnap victims, and tame bullies. We are shadows in the night.” Denny told the teen center boys. Then Jake, Denny, and Roger entertain the teen center with their exploits and adventures.  How they rescued Denny from his kidnapers, Jake from his hostage situation. Helped the FBI get the goods on a New York Crime boss and his hired killer. Denny shared his mother’s tragic death at the hands of the Killer and about his Father’s role in witnessing the Crime boss murder someone. Charley told them about the Copper Ore Lodge Mystery and how they discovered a long forgotten mine under the Lodge and how they got trapped in the mine when it collapsed on them. Jake told them about solving a 56-year-old family mystery and found his Father’s lost brother. Now the boys left much out, it would take days to tell the whole story.  Brain and his pals where impressed.
“Your parents let you do all this dangerous stuff.” Brian asked.
Our Father is the country Sheriff and a former senior FBI Agent. We sort of follow after his footsteps.” The Capp Twins explain. “Mind you he doesn’t often know what we are up to until it is too late to stop us. Then he just says, Boys will be Boys.”
“My mother would lock me up on in Ward 4 at St. Finan if she thought I was getting myself in such Shenanigans.” Brian explained.
“Speaking of Ward 4, how do we get word to Aunt Nellie without exposing ourselves to J.H.?” Jake asks. 
Cory and Tory speak up.  “Our Great Grandmother is in Ward 4, she is 95 and has Alzheimer’s. Mother keeps begging us to go up and visit her before she completely forgets who we are.  We been up a couple of times, but it get depressing to watch her forget who we are. The staff know us. It’s about time we pay a visit again.  We can a get a message to Aunt Nellie for you.  All those able to on ward 4 are required to spend time in the sun room for recreation and for visitors.  Good chance your Aunt will be there when we visit.  J.H. won’t connect us to your Aunt.” The Irish twins said.
“Then we need to do some shadow work before you do.  Aunt Nellie asks us to shadow J.H. find up wants he up too. That means we need to get some eyes on that cottage at Elmcourt.” Denny explained.
“The note says for Denny to watch out, it’s not safe for him.” Ricky reminds Denny. “This J.H. probably knows who we are Denny.  He spots us, and Aunt Nellie will not be safe anymore.”
“Your right Ricky.” Jake tells him. “we need local eyes on J.H. someone he won’t suspect.” 
“I am way ahead of you Jake, me boys can be that those eyes for you, we know the territory, the ways in and out around Killarney.  Cory and Tory deliver the local newspaper in that area they can get a peek into that cottage and see who’s is there.  That cottage is right up against N22 bypass, there’s a buffer of trees there, we can keep an eye on it for you from there.” Brian told Jake.
“What we need is some ears in that cottage to know what J.H. and this O’Rielly is up too.” Denny said.
“Denny, I think I can help there, my Dad is the tech at the local Television station. He has all kinds of listening devices.  He has this Cone mike he uses to pick up audio from a distance, there is a digital recorder attached to it. We can use it to listen in from the tree’s and record any conversations we hear.” Terry tells Denny.
Denny turns to Jake. “I guess we have our eyes and ears Jake.”
“That we do Denny. While our Irish pals here, are our shadows, we can be busy with misleading J.H. in believing we don’t know where Aunt Nellie is, he’ll let his guard down. We could change lodging let him believe we went back to the states.” Jake suggested. “Brian any suggestions on that?”
“That I do lads.” Your Aunt still owns the Tenant building my Dad has his shop in. There’s an empty apartment there, you could move in there.  I will explain to Dad you need a place to stay as you have to give up your rooms at the lodge your only booked for a few more days, and the rooms are reserved after that. Dad won’t have any problems with Lord Denny staying there.  Until Aunt Nellie can sign off on the deal, Denny is the next direct kin to Aunt Nellie, so he’s the landlord until Aunt Nellie is found. We can have you move out after dark at the lodge, explain you need to find long term lodging until you find Aunt Nellie.” Brian explained. 
Denny turns to the Grand Eight. “What do you think boys?” They all agreed. “Then let’s do it tonight.” We can make it our boat house.”  Denny explains what the boat house at home is.  “They are our headquarters for our Shenanigans.”
With that settled the Grand Eight, checked out at the Old Weir Lodge.  Jake assured the owners that there will be no need to refund any money for leaving early and explains why. He will contact Captain Malley let him know where we are.  We will be notifying family back home where we are staying now.  I strongly suggest you don’t give that information out to anyone by phone or in person.  If anyone asks, let me know at this number, or call Captain Malley.  The next day after settling in at Brian’s, Jake calls Captain Malley and explains why they felt it was wise to relocate somewhere else, whoever kidnapped Aunt Nellie can’t get to Denny her heir.  The lodge will call you or me if they are contacted by the kidnappers.  Captain Malley had no updates for Jake and until the kidnappers contact Jake, with their ransom demands they are at a standstill. Denny sends an email back home telling the sheriff that they had a reservation mix up at the lodge and relocated at one of Aunt Nellies Tenant buildings. Aunt Nellie was tied up in negotiations with her Solicitors and tenants in Killarney longer then she planned and would be delaying the rest of the tour of Ireland for a few days than planned.  Denny hated lying to the Sheriff.
***

That afternoon Brian and his pals meet with the Grand Eight in their new digs.  Terry shows Denny the cone mike and the manual which tells Denny that under the right conditions can pick up voices 1500 ft. away through glass windows, even further down an open field. Terry tells Denny. “Cory and Tory have scouted out the cottage early that morning dropping off their papers on Elmcourt.  There is definitely a cottage guest. All the cottages are the same with the same floor plans, the kitchens in the rear, with a patio covering the whole back of the cottage.  A bedroom on the left and right of side of the kitchen with private baths. The living room and kitchen is one big open space There is no second floor. 3 sets of sliding glass doors in the back, one to each bedroom leading on to the patio, and a double set leading from the dining area next to the kitchen on to  the patio.” 
“N22 bypass is just 400 ft from the back of the cottage, with a buffer of trees and bushes about 75 feet wide. A natural sound barrier from the traffic on the N22 bypass. Theirs a bike path between the road and the buffer, we can get access to the tree’s. Once in the tree’s I can find a spot to set up the cone on its tripod.  With all those glass sliding doors we should be able to listen in to any conversation in the bedrooms and into the kitchen and living room.  I am going out there late this afternoon for a trial run and see where the best spot for the cone would be and do a trial recording to test how much we can hear in each room. Then I will set up a schedule to monitor the cottage.”  
“Cory and Tory say that J.H. is there when they drop off the morning paper, then gone to the hospital.  It would be good time to catch a conversation with his house guest. Brian made a call to the hospital and got J.H. secretary to reveal his office hours.  So, we know he is usually back at the cottage by 6 p.m. unless he is at meetings or eating out. Brain said we should randomly schedule our time to get the best time to catch conversations in the cottage. I agreed it would be a waste of our time trying to do a day long shift.” Terry told Denning.
“Denny, I have another boy you haven’t meet who lives across from St. Finan staff parking lot, he agrees to keep an eye on J.H. comings and  goings from the staff parking lot. He’ll know if he is heading home or into town.  He will alert me if he is heading home and I can alert whoever is at the lookout by cell. We might not get every conversation, but we should catch something that will interest us.  What I am thinking is that maybe we can trick him into calling the cottage to talk to O’Rielly.  Jake could make an attempt to see J.H. at his office put a scare in him. He should call O’Rielly then. We will be waiting to record that conversation though it will be one way.  I have scouted out his office, it’s on the ground floor with windows that are usually open when he is in the office. If we get someone to be at that window, we might hear his end of the call. That would be our best chance to get him to panic.” Brain explained.
“What about Aunt Nellie, if we spook J.H. he might take action against her.” Jake said.
“Got that covered too, that will be the day we send Cory and Tory back in to visit their Great Grandmother. We plan everything around their visit so they will be in the Sun Room with her. This afternoon Cory and Tory are visiting her, they will give Aunt Nellie the heads up about our plans that in two days, they will be back to visit again.  I will be with them a visiting cousin, so if something does go down, I can be there with the twins to deal with it, even if it means getting her out of there.  It’s an option.  As long as she is there, J.H. can hold that over us.  If we don’t do this, we could be listening to him for weeks before we get anything against him.  So far, he can deny even knowing Aunt Nellie is there.” Brian tells Jake.
“I agree with you Brian.  If we can get Aunt Nellie out and here in hiding J.H. won’t have Aunt Nellie as a playing card.  I been thinking about this too. Why no ransom? If this was a straight out kidnapping for ransom why no ransom note, or phone call.  The longer J.H. waits the risk he takes that Aunt Nellie will get out of St. Finan.  All, she has to do is tell who she is, and why.  He has no leverage over her. I think he is using her absence from preventing her business dealings from going through.  Which means he wants to benefit from her not signing off on them. What that may be is your guess.  Maybe I could send him a note, hinting at that and see want he does.  Drop it off at his office.  He’s got to panic and call O’Rielly, Brain.” Jake told him.
“Your right Jake. Let’s not wait. We will let Aunt Nellie know what we are doing this afternoon for tomorrow afternoon. Terry will be in place when J.H. calls or comes back to the cottage. Cory and Tory can tell the duty nurse I will be visiting tomorrow, to see my Great Aunt. That should get be into Ward 4. Terry, can you be ready for tomorrow say at noon to 3 p.m. I will have someone cover you after that.  If our Irish luck holds, we will have J.H. where we want him right in the palm of our hands. Jake you write that note put has much scare in it has you can. You drop it off right at lunch, I understand he takes his lunch in his office while his secretary goes to the cafeteria. Ward 4 uses the sun room as there lunch room for residents who are not confined to their rooms.  I’ll be there having Lunch with my Great Aunt.  Got that Cory and Tory, let the duty nurse know I can only get away during my lunch break.  Time you too get to St. Finan. The Irish twins left.  I told them earlier to have an oral report to Aunt Nellie, they can include it in their conversation with their Great Grandmother.” Brain tells Jake. 
Later, Jake dropped Terry and Denny off on the N22 bypass behind the cottage on Elmcourt. Then returned back to Grand Eight’s new apartment. He sat down to write his note to J.H.
Cory and Tory arrive at St. Finan then gained access unto Ward 4 where they found their Great Grandmother Holly sitting with Aunt Nellie.  The duty nurse told Grandmother Holly her great grandsons, twins Cory and Tory were here to visit.  Holly, sat there staring at the boys, “I don’t remember having great grandson’s, who are you? Are you my sons, Teddy, and Todd? No that can’t be right.”  
“Cory, Tory.” I am Erin, I am afraid Holly isn’t doing well with her memory today. Mine has not been much good either. Sit, maybe Holly will remember your faces. She doesn’t get much visitor. Neither do I. Your remind me of someone, but I can’t remember.  I lost my memory, been sick, but each day I remember something new, but not my name except Erin, better than being called Jane Doe.”  
Cory turns to his Grandmother Holly. “Grandmother do you remember Aunt Nellie, her son Denny’s wife had her babies last week, named them Charley and Roy.”
“Charley, I don’t know a Charley, are you Charley.” Holly asked.
“No, Grandmother Holly.” Cory says. Cory turns to Tory. “I afraid Grandmother Holly is getting worse Tory, she won’t  remember Jake either or that Jake is visiting J.H. in the hospital tomorrow for lunch.” He turns to his Grandmother.  “ Cousin Brian will be by tomorrow Grandmother Holly he wants to have lunch with you. Tory should we tell Grandmother Holly that Jake is upset with J.H. going to make him call the Eye’s and Ear’s Shadows to explain why he hates Aunt Nellie’s butting into his business dealings.  Jake wants him to admit why.  Cousin Brian will be here to protect you Grandmother Holly, he wants to take you out of here to a safe place away from J.H. where the Grand Eight are living now.” Cory tells his Grandmother. 
“Cory, I think we should leave now and let Grandmother rest for tomorrow. She needs to be ready for a  move back to her boys.” Tory turns to Erin. “Nice meeting you Erin, I hope you get your memory back.”
Erin leans into kiss Tory’s cheek. “I’ll be ready, I think I’ll remember who I am tomorrow at lunch time”. She pulls back from Tory. “It was nice of you to visit Holly today. I think she would love to be home again with her boys.” Erin leaves the sun room with a light step in her stride.  Cory and Tory tell the Duty Nurse that their cousin Brian Moore will be visiting his Great Aunt Holly tomorrow during his lunch break. He fears that this may be the last time he will see her.  Mother says she hasn’t much time left on this earth.  She is worse than the last time we visited. The Duty Nurse tells the Twins, they are good boys to drop by and remember their Grandmother. She put Brian Moore down in her visitors log.
***

The next morning Aunt Nellie and Dr. O’Sullivan have their usual morning session in the sun room.  Erin is very agitated she tells Dr. O’Sullivan she had a nightmare last night, she remembered it very vividly.  I had arrived from Ennis to meet with a solicitor over a matter regarding some land and property I inherited from my late Father.  I was to meet with this solicitor on High Street that next morning in one of the properties I inherited.  When I arrived at the address that was given to me, I discovered it was an empty building.  The front door was open. I remembered entering the building and a voice in the back room called, “in here”.  I entered in to the backroom and someone from behind me grabbed me and held a rag over my mouth. I tried screaming, then someone else in the room came up to me, I saw he had a needle and poked me in the arm. Then the two wrestled me over to a chair and tied me to it. I must have blacked out Dr. because the next thing I remember is waking up here in St. Finan.”
“Erin, I want you to relax, breath in, slowly let it out, again. Try and remember in that backroom, anything else.  Close your eyes and visualize the room, concentrate on what your eye’s, and ears are telling you just before you blacked out. Relax, breath slowly.” Dr. O’Sullivan instructed her.
“This second man with the needle had a stethoscope hanging around his neck.  The first man I never saw his face he stood behind me after I was tied up. I remember the second man taking my pulse, then checking my heart. Yes, I remember now, the man behind me spoke, he called the man checking my heart John, that’s it, John, then I blacked out.  I’m sorry Dr. I can’t remember anything more.” Aunt Nellie said.
“Erin, your remembering current events, your past has caught up to those current events.  Your memory will start unfolding and blending together until everything will be there in your mind. We now know you’re from Ennis, and what the traumatic event was that triggered your memory loss.” The Dr. explained. “Your where abducted but somehow managed to escape from your abductors and ended up in the Demesne wondering around in a stupor. You will recall in time how you got there. I want you to relax, sit in the sun room takes some writing paper from the craft table and start writing down want you have, remembered so far.  Start with the oldest memory, make a list until you get to last night’s memory.  Review your list, don’t be surprised you if you discover you have written down new memories, we call that Auto writing where you subconscious takes over filling in the gaps between the old and the new and adding newer memories.  Connecting all the dots. Start with your name Erin at the top.  I’ll back later in the afternoon to see what you have written Erin.  You have made great progress today far better than I hoped for.” Dr. O’Sullivan left for his morning rounds. Aunt Nellie got several sheets of paper, and starting writing a list, condensed Bio of her life.  She chuckled to herself, amused that Dr. O’Sullivan would be shocked at what she would write down.
Aunt Nellie had just finished her Bio before Lunched arrived. She folded the papers up and created an envelope from a blank sheet of paper. With tape from the craft table, she sealed her Bio.  Addressed it to Dr. O’Sullivan c/o of St. Finan, asked the Duty nurse for a stamp.  Then dropped it in the mail box at the nurses station on Ward 4. She returned to the sun room just as lunch was brought in. She sat down next to Holly, helping her to remember to eat when Brian came in to the sun room. “Hello Aunt Holly, do you remember me, I am you grand Nephew Brian Moore from Grand Apple Valley street.”  He turned to Aunt Nellie. “Ms. Erin, I have your clothes in the backpack. I’m going to use the restroom, leave it there, when I leave you go in before anyone else does. Everything you will need will be in there. There’s a visitor’s pass for you with McKelly on it.” 
Brian turns to Aunt Holley. “Excuse me Aunt Holley, I have to use the little lads room, I’ll be right back.” Brian grabs his backpack and enters the restroom. A few minutes later, he returns to Aunt Holley. Aunt Nellie gets up and enters the rest room where she finds one of her best dresses in the backpack. Stockings,  shoes, personal things. Hersun hat, sunglasses, and her passport and the visitors pass. Brian watches the bathroom door, when Aunt Nellie exits, with backpack, he quickly walks up to her. “Mother I am afraid Aunt Holley has dosed off, I think it best we leave.  Cousin Jake is waiting for us in the van.” The duty nurse buzzes them out, and Aunt Nellie and Brian, walk down to the first-floor lobby where they turn in their passes at the admittance desk. Brain directs Aunt Nellie to the van where Jake has already started it. Aunt Nellie gets in the front alongside of Jake, while Brian climbs into the back seat. Jake has the van leaving out of the parking lot.  He takes a roundabout way back to the tenant building where the Grand Eight are waiting impatiently.
Aunt Nellie, Jake and Brian walk into the apartment where seven eager boys await her arrival.  Denny is the first to hug his Aunt Nellie tears of joy running down his cheeks. “Now there Denny boy, Aunt Nellies home, she remembers her Dennis the menace. You too Charley and Roy. Come give your Aunt a big hug.  I missed all your boys. Come on, you would hurt me, one big hug for the Old girl that went batty.” 
Brian quietly left the apartment as the Grand Eight hugged Aunt Nellie  tears running down her cheeks. 
***

Later, with Brian, Cory and Tory, Jake tells Aunt Nellie  and the Grand Eight his visit to J.H. office.  His secretary was out for lunch, he enters to approach the door labeled Private Jonathon Higgins, Administrator, he slips the note under the door, then knock two times. J.H. calls out. “Go away, I having lunch.” Jake knocks two more times. Then leaves the outer office walking down the hallway to sit in a chair at the end, were he had put a magazine on earlier. With the magazine up to his nose he watches J.H. step out into the hallway with the note in his hands. He looks up and down the hallway, then opens the note and reads it. J.H. takes his cell phone out and makes a call. “O’Rielly we have a problem, I’ll explain when I get there. I am on my way now.” J.H. makes another phone call. “Dr. O’Sullivan how is our Jane Doe doing. I see you sure. Keep her sedated as I ordered. I don’t care what you think. I’m the administrator here, don’t you forget it, or you can find a new job.” J.H. made a third phone call. “Millie, somethings come up, I will be out of the office for the rest of the day. Reschedule my appointments for tomorrow.” J.H. hangs up.  He re-enters the office, and moments later he comes out with his briefcase and leaves for his car.  Jake tells them he followed him out to the staff parking lot. He then returned to the van to wait for Brian and Aunt Nellie.
“He was royally pissed.” Jake said. “Sorry, Aunt Nellie, didn’t mean to cuss”.
“That’s alright Jake, I’ll show that J.H. how pissed I am, he had been locked up in the nut house, not to mention drugging me and kidnapping me. Thank you, Brian, for getting me out of their I was getting a little batty there sitting around and talking to Holly.  Sorry, Cory, Tory, that came out wrong. Your Grandmother Holley is a dear women when she remembers things right. I fear her mind will completely slip aware for good soon. It might be best if you prepare yourself for that day.  Remember her as she was when she was your sweet grandmother.  Often, she did get those memories straight and spoke of her favorite grandsons Cory and Tory.  Alas she is going to be in a better place soon.” Aunt prepared the Irish twins.
“We understand Aunt Nellie, Mothers been preparing us for that day. She wants us to remember her as she was.  I fear Mother will feel a deeper loss, her parents passed when she was a young teen. Grandmother Holley raised her and her two brothers.” 
“Come here let Aunt Nellie give you a hug.” Cory and Tory get a big hug from Aunt Nellie. “I miss my Grandparents too though it’s been nearly 50 years since Lord Sean McKelly passed then my grandmother soon after. It’s what we all must face at one time or another.  We let our memories keep them alive in our hearts. Speaking of memories, I now recall where I heard the name Jonathan Higgins. My Grandfather spoke to me once about an old feud with a Higgins clan from Ennis over some land deal the Higgins clan claims their ancestor was cheated out of.  Grandfather Sean told me that the Higgins keep bringing it up every year claiming that Grandfather owes the Higgins clan justice for what his ancestor did some 400 years ago. I can’t remember the details that was so long ago. Grandfather told me that this ancestor kept a good record of that land deal and as far as he could read the record, he saw no Shenanigans going on.  The Higgins clan won’t buy it, even once tried to take Grandfather to court.  The high court threw the case out as frivolous and the records according to both parties as to vague as to actually show any fraud even back 400 years ago. Is it possible this Jonathan Higgins is from Ennis?” Aunt Nellie asks.
“Aunt Nellie, Brian tell us that he is, he’s a country Doctor from there.” Denny tells her.
“That’s right Aunt Nellie, my Dad has a very low opinion of J.H. he walks around town telling everyone he’s a Lord of Ennis, he ancestor’s Lords and Ladies going back 400 years.” Brian says.
“Lord my ass, Sorry boys. The Higgin clan where share croppers of my ancestor’s, and some are  still are tenants on my estate. Where does this J.H. get off telling people he’s a Lord of Ireland.” A knock at the door interrupts Aunt Nellie. Terry walks in carrying his equipment.
“Aunt Nellie, this is Terry Murphy he’s our eyes and ears at the cottage where J.H. lives.  This O’Rielly fellow is there too. Terry did you hear anything interesting?” Brian asks him.
“Boy did I, the Irish luck is with us. Hello, Aunt Nellie, I’m sure glad you home with the Grand Eight. I have a recording here that will interest you.” Terry set’s up the recording machine and plays back the phone conversation J.H. made to O’Rielly Jake reported hearing. He tells Aunt Nellie that O’Rielly likes to talk to himself.  He plays the part where O’Rielly hangs up and starts talking to no-one.  He comes over very clear, ranting and cursing that J.H. is a fool. “He should have let me handle things. All I needed to do is get the old girl to sign the papers I had, all nice and legal the firm had me draw up then get the old girl to sign. She would not have seen the one where I slipped in the pack selling the Lord Sean estate over to Higgins for a mere few dollar’s addressing that old claim of the Higgins, she would have gone back to the states none the wiser. Oh, no he had to panic and kidnap her because she brought those teens with her.  She in that psych ward, and no court is going to validate her signature while she is in there.” Terry stops the recording. The next is when J.H. shows up at the cottage where he gets into a shouting match with O’Rielly. Call’s him Campbell. 
“Campbell, we need to move up our plans, I am going to sneak out the old girl tonight from St. Finan, the same way I got her in.  We will get her to sign the papers, including the one where she sells me the castle and the land around it.  Now don’t worry, she is still heavily sedated. We back date the signatures, you claim she signed them on the morning she went missing, you left Killarney, and went on your planned vacation. The firm will back you up as it was scheduled weeks ago. You tell the firm you decided to get those signatures from Ms. McKelly as she arrived early to Killarney than expected. Just as we planned.  Once we get the papers signed you return to the firm and hand them in. 
St. Finan will believe their Jane Doe escaped the ward somehow. When the authorities find her, she will be out cold she won’t remember anything. I am going to plant some heroin on her. Then inject her with enough to cause a complete shutdown of her system.  Don’t get weak on me now Campbell I plan to make an anonymous call to St. Finan E.R. about an old women passed out on the lawn of some house. They will get to her in time to save her. With our drug laws she will be facing a long time in an Irish prison. You will be back on your way to Dublin, then report into your office as expected.  I will remain at St. Finan and in a couple of week’s I will announce I am retiring as administrator return to Ennis as the new Lord of Ennis take procession of the castle and kick out those foundation people. The Higgins clan will have their revenge.”
“What about Dr. O’Sullivan, he won’t believe she is an addict?” Campbell said.
“Don’t worry about him, where to do you think she got the heroin from.  Records will show he has been injecting her daily with it, along with the sedatives I have ordered to give her. He will be in prison too.” J.H told Campbell.
“Okay Cousin Jonathan. When are you going to get her out?”
At Midnight when the shift changes over on Ward 4, I’ll be there to see a patient on the ward 2. Then sneak up to ward 4 and get her out. The same way I got her in. You be ready with those papers.  I’ll give her a counter agent to revive her long enough to sign the papers once you explain who you are and why. Her charges will have to go home and explain their Aunt Nellie turns out to be a heroin addict. I’m going back to St. Finan to make a nuisance of myself so I will be ready to take her off Ward 4.” Terry ends the recording.
“Now I really am pissed off. Don’t that fool Higgins know he can’t get away with it. I signed off on the castle weeks ago via my solicitor back home.  I have that paperwork with me in my flight bag.  I do have my luggage boys?” Aunt Nellie asks.
“Yes, you do, Aunt Nellie, Roger get her flight bag for her. Caesar why don’t you and Jake wrestle up some food for us all. I don’t think Aunt Nellie had a chance for any lunch did you.” Denny asked.  Aunt Nellie said she was famished.  Charley, Roy why don’t you ask Jake if there’s anything he needs from the Market, let’s have a feast.  Jimmy and Ricky can go down to the market for him.  Brian, Terry, Cory, and Tory please stay, I’m sure that Aunt Nellie would like that.  I might even encourage her to tell you one of her Wild and Woolley Stories.” Denny said. Aunt Nellie enjoyed an afternoon of good food and company.  Brian had his Mother come down from upstairs to meet Aunt Nellie, they hit it off like old friends, Two Irishwomen standing at the fence gossiping.  Later Brian and Terry with Jake took off to Elmcourt with the listing machine.  They wanted to catch the conversation when J.H. discovered Aunt Nellie wasn’t on Ward 4 anymore. Jake dropped them off and returned to the apartment. Aunt Nellie had retired upstairs to Mrs. Moore’s guest room. Downstairs the Grand Eight planned their next trap for J.H. and his cousin.
Twenty minutes after Midnight, secured in their hiding spot lounging in lawn chairs Brain and Terry pick up a phone call on the Mike. It switches to auto record. Campbell had switched to speaker phone on his cell. “Campbell the old girl flew the coop this afternoon at lunch time. She walked out with some local kid.  She was completely dressed in Street clothes with a sun hat, and sun glasses on and a visitor’s pass on her dress. The lobby security cameras showed the two of them leaving.  The visitor’s parking lot camera showed them getting into a van driven by one of her nephews that came with her from the states.  She looked as if she was alert and aware of her surroundings.” 
“Security tells me the duty nurse didn’t report her missing until she did a bed check at 2 p.m.  Security called the local constable station. Captain Malley took the report.  The duty nurse gave the Captain a good description of their Jane Doe and the women who walked off the ward with the boy. The captain showed them a picture of McKelly.  They now know where’s she has been these last four days.” J.H told his cousin.
“What now Jonathan, without her signature, we got nothing.  If she remembers who she is and connects the dots. They will be looking after me. She never saw your face. She will tell the authorities she was meeting with an O’Rielly from the Dublin solicitors.”
“Calm down Aaron, she doesn’t know your real name, nor did she get a good look at you in that dark back room before she blacked out. O’Sullivan reported to me two days ago she couldn’t remember how she ended up in the Demesne.  O’Sullivan tomorrow will report what I told him, and I will back him up. I will tell the captain I didn’t report finding her in the Demesne, because I thought O’Sullivan had. He is the one who will be in the hot seat with Malley not me. As for her signature, I have decided that we forge her signature. I know someone in Ennis who can handle that. You have her signature on her correspondence to you, we will use it as our sample. By the time she realizes I have the property, she will have a hard time given the fact she was in Ward 4 and her memory loss.  We will challenge that she met with you and me, and willing signed the papers. She left and we never saw her again. Assumed she went back to the states. 
As we were planning you return to Dublin file the sales agreements with the courts.  Before she knows what has been done, I can tie her up in court for months if not years. File motions she signed those papers in good faith, we had nothing to do with her abduction or putting her in Ward 4.  She has no proof against us Aaron.  I want you to pack your stuff and be ready, I’ll be there shortly, and pack an overnight bag.  We drive to Ennis and by tomorrow night I will have Patrick Lynch forge those signatures, should have done that in the first place.” J.H hangs up.
“Terry, we got to stop J.H. from going to Ennis, I have a plan.” Brian tells Terry what that is. “When J.H. arrives, I going to flatten two of his tires on the car. Where are those old iron spikes you found at the side of the bike path?” Terry dug out two large iron spikes from tool box he had for the Listening device. Listen I want you to keep that machine running. Sneak up to the back of the house and wait. Will that wireless head set pick up the audio at the house?” Terry said yes. Then stay low next to the back wall closest to the patio lawn furniture.  I join you, when J.H. shows up I will sneak around to the front to the driveway, and puncher his tires with these spikes he’ll think he picked them up on the court. I need you to be ready to distract them if they leave the house before I get back. Knock over the lawn furniture make enough noise to make them check outside. Then duck around the house and wait for me. That should give me  time to flatten the tires and get back to you.  When you hear them leave out the front door we will dash back to the tree’s. Let’s go, J.H. will be here soon.” Brain and Terry dash to the back wall of the house and hide in the shadows. Ten minutes later, a Car comes up the court, and pulls up in the cottage drive. Brain hears a car door slam shut. 
“J.H is in the house Brain.” He whispers.  Brain makes a dash to the front, he picks up a  painted white rock lining the drive big enough to use as a mallet.  He drives, first one spike in the rear passenger side Tire then fumbles the other spike, losing it under the car. He frantically, searches for it, just as his hands grabs it,  he hears the commotion of several lawn chairs tipping over in back of house. He reaches the front tire on the passenger side, pounds the spike in that tire. He places the rock back where he found it races back to the side of the house where Terry whispers to him. “J.H. thinks it was those Raccoons again.  Tells Campbell to leave it. There going out the front door.” Terry and Brian race back into the tree’s collapsing on the lawn chairs. Terry switches the headphone back to the main speaker on the recorder, preset at low. They hear J.H. stomping in the house cursing up a storm. Makes a phone call. 
“What do you mean you can’t get out here until tomorrow until after 2 p.m. with new tires. Then let me rent one of your cars. Then get me those tires.” J.H. hangs up, tells Campbell no rentals available until Saturday, two days away.”  Terry turns the recorder off and packs up the equipment. Brian calls Jake to come and get them.  Jake arrives 15 minutes later, and soon has Terry and Brian back at the apartment building.  Terry says goodnight to Brian and Jake, returns to his own family apartment in the building.  Brian replays the recordings to Jake. It even picked up Terry and Brian’s whispering outside the cottage.  In the morning Jake calls a house meeting and replays the conversations recorded that night. Jake explains what he and Brain had discussed last night before going to bed.  Aunt Nellie agrees that it is time to call Captain Malley, he needs to have someone in Ennis as soon as possible before J.H. and Campbell arrive there. 
Jake calls Captain Malley and tells him they found Aunt Nellie, he needs to get over here right away. Captain Malley arrives at the apartment shortly after.  Aunt Nellie explains there is no time to go into full details. The boys play back all the recordings to Captain Malley.  The last set of conversations encouraged Malley to act. He called the station and had dispatch link his call to his counterpart in Ennis. Explained why he is calling, tells his counterpart it concerns Lady Erin Danielle McKelly kidnapping she has been found, she is  okay.  He needed spotters at R474 at St. Enda, R475 off N68, and R458  off N85 to watch for Jonathan Higgins car, (giving the description and plate number Brain gave him), they are  suspects in her kidnapping, expected to arrive between 4 and 5  p.m. in Ennis. Whoever, spots that car is to tail them to their destination and observe, keep taps on them.  He tells his counterpart they are heading for the place or residence of one Patrick Lynch suspect for forgery. Apprehend only after they leave. They are suspected of having forged signatures of Lady McKelly on documents selling her estate over to Jonathan Higgins. You don’t say. Then you will get the goods on Lynch as well.  I’ll me traveling to Ennis within the hour.”
“Now, will someone tell me how  in St. Patrick’s Holy name, you found your Aunt and I could not.”  Jake gave Captain Malloy the very short version. They went to St. Finan to inquiry if they had a recent admission to the hospital or E.R. Aunt Nellie spotted them from Ward 4, and when they left St. Finan,  Aunt Nellie managed to sail a paper plane out the window where Denny picked it up. Jake showed Captain Malley the paper airplane note. “I guess that explains that part. That was 3 days okay. Why didn’t you tell me, we could have gotten her out of their sooner?”
Denny explained.  “We needed to find out who put her there, she did ask us too, and we do what Aunt Nellie asks us to do. Well, most of the time.”


Chapter 7
Ennis


After Captain Malley left to leave for Ennis, Aunt Nellie turned to the Grand Eight. How soon can you get you bags packed? “We never unpacked Aunt Nellie.” Jake replied.
“Good, I’ll pack what few things I have out.  We are going to Ennis, Brian, would you like to tag along?” Aunt Nellie asked Brian.”
“Boy, would I Aunt Nellie.” Brian said
“I have already talked to your parents. You’re going, your mother should have already packed your bags.” Aunt Nellie told Brian as she went to pack her bags.
Brian turned to Jake. “Is she always one step ahead of everyone Jake?”
“Yep.” Jake stated then turned the others.  You heard Aunt Nellie, get those bags packed and in the van. Make sure you have your flight bags packed with you passport and other papers.  Brain, the boys can show you how we pack the back of the Van.  Twenty minutes later, the van was packed, and on the road north to N22, then N21 north to Limerick, then on N18  to Ennis an hour and half away from Killarney.  They made a quick stop to top off the tank, and stock up with snacks and soda.  In Limerick they went through a drive thru for lunch, crossed the River Shannon on N18 to Ennis a half hour away.  Six miles North west of Ennis, Aunt Nellie returned home to her Ancestral home her Grandfather Lord Sean Beacon McKelly’s castle.  Aunt Nellie directed Jake to drive through the parking lot, around to a Guest Lodge behind the castle. Aunt Nellie asked the boys to get the luggage out.
“They’re expecting us, you boys get the luggage out and I will check us in. There will be Three per room, you can decide who bunks with who.  I want you boys to freshen up and change into your best tourist clothes. One-hour boys meet me in the lobby then we will walk over to the Castle.  While I talk to the Foundation Director you boys can tour the castle.  I have arranged a private tour for you, where you will have access to both public, and private areas. I will join you later before you start the private tour. Who better to know the place then its former landlady?  Now off with you, we have a busy afternoon ahead.
An hour later, Aunt Nellie and the boys walk over to the castle where Director Eoghan Quinn greets Aunt Nellie and the boys.
Lady Erin, it is a pleasure to finally met you. my, what a fine assortment of lads you have with you.”
“Director Quinn,” Being very formal, introduces the Boys starting with Denny. “This lad here is Dennis O’Tomas McKelly, my Great Grand Nephew. Rebecca McKelly’s, boy. The Twins my Great Grand Nephews are Charles and Roy Capp, Sersha McKelly Capps boys.  This is Jake Lake, Caesar Rosenberg, Jimmy Walker, Roger Wilks, and Ricky Radameyer classmates and friends of my nephews.  This is Brian Moore from Killarney, and new friend of the boys, he is responsible for getting me out of Ward 4 at St. Finan.” Aunt Nellie told the Director.
“Well Brian, Ennis is in your debt, and what Lady Erin told me last night, all you boys have played a role in finding her. I have arranged a tour of the Castle for you, if you’ll go through that door you will find the tour guide station, Jennifer Kenny will be your guide.  After I meet with Lady Erin, she will join you for your private tour.” The boys thank Director Quinn and took  leave to take their tour. “Lady Erin, if you please, the Board of Directors are waiting. As per your request I have not informed them of your generous gift to the foundation.  They are eager to meet you and express there thanks for your safe return from that horrible ordeal.  I have instructed them to limit their inquiries as you requested.  I can certainly understand why. Shall we join the others.” Director Quinn leads Aunt Nellie to the board room.
The boys found Jennifer Kenny at her station waiting for the boys. “You must be the McKelly party. I am Jenny Kenny, I will be your guide. If you fellow me this way, we will start with the family tree hall were you will find the history of the McKelly clan.  The boys joined Jenny in a hallway where there where portraits of the McKelly clan dating back 400 years.  At the beginning of the line of portraits was a family tree listing the direct line of McKelly clan lords and ladies, starting with the current Lady Erin Danielle McKelly daughter of Lord Dennis McKelly, below her name was Lord Dennis O’Tomas McKelly son of Rebecca McKelly, Charles, and Roy followed Denny, the Twin sons of Sersha McKelly Capp.  
The twins grandfather Grady McKelly, then his Father Lord Brian McKelly, His Father Lord Dennis McKelly, and his Father Lord Sean Beacon McKelly.  The list went on some 400 years listing wives and children in the direct line of the McKelly clans. Denny was embarrassed seeing his name at the top of the list under Lade Erin. At the bottom of the list was a note that explained  such titles where traditional and ancestral titles of Ireland clan leaders, Lords and Lady’s referred today to as Landlords or Landlady’s holding ancestral lands passed on from generation to generation. The Lords and Lady’s today  and their ancestral homes and castles where respected and revered for their Irish ancestral heritage. The boys followed Jenny, as she pointed out this McKelly ancestor and his contribution to Irelands history, even a few rogues where among the family trees. While the boys toured the public portion of the castle Aunt Nellie meet with the Board of Directors.
“Gentlemen, Ladies, I thank you for your warm welcome and concerns for my recent ordeal in Killarney. I am safe now and pleased to be once again in my ancestral home in Ennis. As you know I came back to Ireland to sell my holdings here, to return the land back to their current tenants, many who have been tenants of the McKelly clan for many a generation.  I came to Killarney to sign sales agreements from tenant offers, and those outside offers. Many have been thankful for the generous prices I have offered them.  I had no interest in profiting.  I still have to seal those sales given the delays my ordeal caused.”  
Please understand all will be revealed soon by the authorities of those who abducted me and why.  Until then, I am here to offer you my generosity as well. I am grateful for the foundation and their support in maintaining the heritage of the McKelly clan and its ancestral home for these many years. As you are aware, I have been living in America with my grandniece Sersha McKelly Capp and her family and taking care of the young lad Dennis McKelly, the late Rebecca McKelly’s boy as his legal guardian and as his trustee of his father’s estate.”
“Ireland has moved into the 21st century and I have come to the conclusion that I shall do as well. I will keep much of my stock investments here in Ireland and the U.K. to support myself in America. The sales of my lands and properties here will aid in that support and leave a legacy for Denny and Sersha’s twins. Now before you all get upset, I am not selling the ancestral home it shall remain in your capable hands as it has been these many years. What I am doing is turning over full ownership of the castle, its grounds, and surrounding lands to the foundation as an outright gift. Now hold on let me explain. You will have ownership of the lands, and tenants that were unable to meet my generous price.  Those who have, will be their own landlords. The foundation will agree to keep rentals reduced by 20% for the next 20 years.  The revenues from the land and tenants will support this foundation for many years.  It will also allow you to expand your Foundation non-profit status to cover those lands and tenant buildings.  Thus, keeping your non-profit tax liability at it’s, current status. It also will reduce my tax liability as well all for the good of my estate.  I have the agreement already signed by me, all I need is your signature as board of directors.  It will not change your original purpose and mission statement.  I expect you to keep the good work up in helping preserve Irelands heritage. Director Quinn has read the full details of the sales agreement, and conditions.  My solicitors in Dublin have drawn up the agreement and assure me that it will protect this foundation and its mission statement.  
I will reveal to you what I can about my abduction later. The people responsible where trying to trick me to sign a sales agreement giving them ownership of this estate. They planned to throw your butts out the door and move in as its new Lord and get revenge from an old feud dating back some 400 years.  I will not allow this, nor should you.” Lady Erin told them.  “I will give you time to yourself to discuss this with Director Quinn. Thank you for your time.” The board as a whole stood up and clapped, then one by one put their names on the agreement.
Aunt Nellie joined the boys as they were finishing their public tour. “Lady Erin it is a pleasure to meet you. Jenny said. “The boys have just finished the public tour.” Jenny reached into her blazer pocket and handed over a set of keys to Aunt Nellie. “Here are the keys to the private sector Lady Erin.” If you need anything, I will be at my station.”
“Thank you, lass.” Turning to the boys. “Now boys what do you think of my ancestral Castle?” Aunt Nellie asks.
“It’s too big, the windows are too high, how would I clean them Aunt Nellie?” Roy complained.
“The same way you clean them at home, Roy, hiding in the Boat house.” Charley said.
“Now, Charley  that’s not fair to say that of your twin. The last time I asked him to clean the windows, he complained of a stomach ache, said something about his glutes maximus hurting him.” Aunt Nellie said with a straight face.
Caesar laughed at Roy. “What’s so funny Caesar it did hurt, my glutes maximus was given me so much gas, I couldn’t eat all day.” The other boys started laughing. “Hey, it was” Roy tried to defend himself. 
“I am sure it was gassy Roy, glutes maximus is your butt.” Charley said.
Aunt Nellie told the boys. “I was laughing so much that day, I couldn’t even tell him what that was. Though I did tan his glutes maximus for his cheekiness.”  She led the sullen Roy and the laughing boys into the private rooms of the castle. She showed the boys the room she spent many summers in as teen visiting her Grandfather.  It was as it was those 67 years ago.  She explained to the boys this was the second ancestral home the McKelly clan built, she pointed out a window where you could see the ruins of the first McKelly Castle built in the 1600’s. This castle was built 185 years ago.
***

After their tour.  Aunt Nellie had the boys take a walk over to the ruins, warned them to stay outside the roped area, as the ruins where unsafe. She made it very clear to them she didn’t want to have to tell a parent a wall or tower fell on one of them. She had a few phone calls to make. Be back here in an hour, they would be going into town. The boys found the ruins of the castle interesting, even Brian a native of Ireland, said he was impressed.  “Killarney had their tour attractions.” He said. “But this was older and creepier. Something you would find out of a horror story with Count Dracula as a bat flying around the tower, then landing on the tower peering out between the merlons with a full moon behind him his eyes  glowing red.” Brian turns on Charley, “I want to suck your blood”.
Charley raises his arms into a cross, “Down, you blood sucking fiend, you will not have me for your midnight snack.” Chasing Brian back toward the castle guest lodge. The boys howling like werewolves chasing after Charley and Brian.  Back at the lodge Aunt Nellie is in the lobby looking at a street map running a high liner from the castle into town marking a route. She called the boys to the side. “The luck of the Irish is still in my old bones boys. Jake get the Van started, we have a trip into Ennis to make.  I have our route mapped out. I explain on the way.” Once Jake leaves the parking lot, Aunt Nellie tells him to head back to Fountain Cross into Ennis, get on N85 about a thousand feet you will come to East Lahinch Rd. on your left.  Take that until you reach East Drumcliffe Rd. I’ll tell you what comes up next. “
Jake reaches Fountain Cross, then Lahinch then East, as he approaches Drumcliffe, Aunt Nellies tells him to continue East on Drumcliffe until he gets to R871 turn south into Ennis. Down south on R871, Aunt Nellie tells Jake he will reach the River Fergus on his right. Go all the way to until you meet the first bridge crossing over  the River Fergus, the Abbey Bridge. Jake reaches the bridge.  Aunt Nellie tells him once you cross the river you will come up on Abbey Rd. turn right it is a one-way street. Follow that until you get to the turnaround for Bank Place, turn right on to where it says you connect to Bank Place West. It’s one way off Abbey on to west Bank Place stay left, you see a Cafe on the left.  Pull into the cafe. Once in the cafe’s parking lot, Aunt Nellie explain why they are here. 
“If my source is correct, Patrick Lynch has an apartment above that Hair salon across the street. I’m told he moves around a lot in his line of work. This is the most recent place he lives in.  Malley might have Ennis police following J.H. There’s a good chance they might lose him unless they already know this is Lynch’s recent residence.  I want Brian and Roger to walk over to the salon, see if J.H. car is in front, in the parking lot or in back of the salon, he may already be there. If he left Killarney after 2 p.m. we may still have time to see him arrive. Then I want Jake and Caesar to find a place they can watch the salon from the front across the street.  Brian, if you and Roger spot the car in the parking lot, come back, and let us me know if he’s there, spot any way in and out of the salon we can’t see from here.  If he is not there, then I want you to note those exits. Twin’s there’s a play lot on the far side of the building. I want you there hanging out. I then want you Brian and Roger out back watching any back entrances.  Jimmy, and Ricky will remain here in the Van. If J.H is already here, then I want Jimmy and Ricky to go over to the car and flatten another one of his tires. If he shows up later Jimmy and Ricky will take care of the car after they are in the building.” Aunt Nellie hands Jimmy a switch blade.”
“Aunt Nellie where did you get that.” Jimmy askes.
“From my room in the castle, where I kept it hidden from Grandfather. Now be careful with it, it is still very sharp. Just point the end with the cross guards out away from you when you push the button, jab hard into the tire, then leave it in the tire and come back here as fast as you can. Ricky can act as look out for you. Denny, I want you outside the Van, watching the street from here, remember the street is one way in only. If any tail arrives, they can only come in one way. They may even pull up in here at the cafe. And wait for back up. If so, get back into the van.  Listen up everyone, I don’t want no heroics today. I want J.H to be unable to drive away. If his tail arrives, then take note, keep your heads low and act like locals.  I doubt Malley will be around until after they nab J.H. and his cousin.” 
“If things go south, and my bones are telling me they will, we will be here to take matters in our own hands. Jake, Caesar, if J.H. leaves the building before the locals arrive, I want you to do a smash and grab of any papers he might have in his hands, or a brief case, that goes for Campbell.  Then run like the hell hounds are after you. I don’t want him to get away with those papers. Move it boys times running out.” 
Aunt Nellie shoed them out of the van except Jimmy and Ricky. Denny is on the street watching.  Moments later, Brian reports that J.H. car is nowhere in sight. Roger is in back of the salon keeping an eye on the backdoor.  Jake and Caesar are across the street sitting on a bus bench reading newspapers. The twins are on the play lot with a couple of locals kids. Just as Brian was about to leave to rejoin Roger, J.H comes down the street, and pulls up to the front of the salon. “There here Aunt Nellie, just parked in front of the salon. Wait Jimmy give them time to get upstairs.  Go Jimmy, Ricky,  I’ll head back through the parking lot to join Roger Aunt Nellie. Denny watch for that tail.” Brian crosses the street though the parking lot.
Aunt Nellie sits in the van watching the salon from the Café parking lot.  Jimmy and Ricky walk up to Higgins car. From the sidewalk he bends down, Ricky blocking him from anyone seeing what he is doing. Jimmy pushes the button on the jackknife and thrust it in the real passenger side tire.  Then he and Ricking continue on down to the play lot to join the twins. Denny is keeping an eye on down the street. Then tells Aunt Nellie he is going to walk down to the corner and see if the tail as stopped there out of site where the turnaround is.  Moments later he returns to the van, tells Aunt Nellie there is no one at the corner. “I’m going down to the other end of the street”.  Denny walks past Jake and Caesar, “There is no tail yet, I am going down the corner to check if they are there.” He tells Jake, then he walks down to the corner looks around. Denny returns passing Jake and Caesar, “No Tail,” then returns to the van and tells Aunt Nellie. “I expected a road block or something. Nothing, no parked cars, or anyone. Something is not right Aunt Nellie. No traffic either.”
“Denny then we wait, it’s all up to us.” They continue to watch the salon door leading to upstairs. The door opens, Denny turns toward the parking Lot, waving his hands, hoping Roger and Brain are looking. Campbell steps out the door with J.H. behind him. J.H. stops in the doorway, turns around and shakes a hand that sticks out the door.  Campbell is carrying a briefcase.  The door closes behind J.H. he Walks around the front of the car, as Campbell opens the passenger door, he notices a hissing sound looks at the rear tire, a knife sticking out of the tire. He yells at J.H.
“Jonathan some punk has stuck a knife in the rear tire.”  Jonathan runs around the car to the rear passenger side of the car, bends down to pulls out the knife. Campbell standing behind Jonathan. Then Campbell is blinded sided by Caesar, who wrestled Campbell to the ground grabbing the briefcase out his hands. Then takes off down the street away from the cafe. Jake is wrestling with J.H. with the knife in his hands.  He swings at Jake, cutting him in the arm. Jake manages to kick the knife out of J.H. hand. Brian and Roger arrive on the scene just as Campbell struggles to get up off the sidewalk. Then tackle him back to the ground. Jake is standing there holding his arm, bleeding all over the sidewalk.  J.H. runs through the parking lot to the back of the building, down the alley and out of site before anyone can stop him. Brian and Roger have Campbell pinned down.  Caesar comes running back down the street with Ricky running behind him.  Denning and Aunt Nellie reach Jake just as an unmarked car comes down the street and pulls up to the curb behind J.H’s car. Ricky hollers at Caesar, Lynch as gone out the back door, he is trying to start his car. The constable races to the back of the building, and moments later he has Patrick Lynch in his hands, bringing him back to his unmarked car locking him in the back, then retrieves Campbell from under Brian and Roger, puts him in with Lynch.  Noticing Jake is bleeding he gets a first aid kit out of his boot. Hands it to Aunt Nellie. Who begins to dress his wounds? A few minutes later, two marked cars pull up. Captain Malley gets out of one and walks up to Aunt Nellie and the boys.
“Why don’t this surprise me. You got a lot to explain Lady Erin.”
“After you explain why you are just arriving, I expected you half an hour ago” Aunt Nellie dressed down Captain Malley. “Jake has been knifed and you expect me to explain your tardiness, I am getting tired of doing your job Captain Malley.”
Captain Malley stood there speechless then found his voice. “Lady Erin.”
“Don’t Lady Erin me. Higgin’s got a way after he knifed Jake, and you stand here defending yourself while Jake is standing here bleeding, when you should be calling an ambulance. I’m sure your superiors will understand when I tear a new asshole in them to. How is my second cousin Constable Garda Chief Inspectorate Collins doing these days.” The boys stood there, while Captain Malley’s face turned white as a ghost. The constable who first arrived on the scene, reached for his radio, and called in for an ambulance.  Then he made himself scarce going up to Lynches apartment. The other constable returned to his car and got busy on the radio.
***

Jake was taken to the Regional Hospital where his arm was stitched up. It was a shallow cut. Captain Darren Gallagher of the Ennis Constabulary arrived on Bank Place and took over the investigation.  He told Malley to go back to the station, this was his jurisdiction. He asked Aunt Nellie what led to the boy getting knifed.  
Aunt Nellie said. “I arrived in Ennis earlier that afternoon with the boys to finish my  business at my ancestral home, why I returned to Ireland, then to find myself kidnapped and drugged by Higgins in Killarney. When I finished my business there, I took the boys into Ennis to show them around.  We had stopped at Daniel O’Connell monument to visit, then found this cafe, nearby. We had just gotten out of the Van when Brian noticed Higgins car pull up to the salon, Campbell and Higgin entering the building.  I knew Malley had asked Ennis Constabulary to keep an eye on Higgins and Campbell when they arrived in Ennis. You were supposed to have a tail on him Captain Gallagher.  When no one showed up, I had one of the boys disable his car, so he couldn’t get away and leave with those forged papers of mine. I asked Jake, and Caesar to do a smash and grab to get his briefcase away from him. In the struggle Jake got cut and Higgins got away with the briefcase with my stolen papers.” 
“Brain and Roger pinned down Campbell to make sure he didn’t escape.  Your constable showed up finally, managed to catch Lynch before he could drive away.  Then Malley showed up, wasting time given me the riot act, while Jake stood on the street bleeding.  He or none of your constables went off to find Higgins or bothered to call an ambulance, until I reminded your constable to call one.  I believe that sums it up Captain Gallagher. I am sure Captain Malley will fill in the rest when he decides to spit up his balls, I believe I may have made him swallow them. If you don’t mind Gallagher, I have a boy at the hospital wondering if we had abandon him. Rest assure I will be having a conversation with Constable Garda Chief Inspectorate Collins tomorrow. I am sure he will be interested in what I have to say about Ennis Constabulary and it constables incompetence.” Aunt Nellie told Gallagher.
“I don’t think Ms. that, that will be necessary.” The Constable that had arrived with Malley, whispered in Gallagher’s ear. Gallagher face blanched white, reversed course. “Lady McKelly  forgive me I didn’t realize who you were.  I am sure your cousin the Garda Chief Inspectorate will be glad to hear from you.  Please you may go. I believe we won’t need to question you any further.”  As Aunt Nellie gathered the boys up and left for the van. Gallagher turned to his constable, “Why didn’t you tell me before I opened my mouth and swallowed my balls.” The Captain order his constable back to the station, then got in his car and followed him.
At the Van Aunt Nellie turned to Caesar. Where are the twins. “There in the playlot, guarding the briefcase.”
“Ricky go get them. Caesar, I afraid you will have to drive. You do have your driver’s license with you, I pray.”
“Yes, I do Aunt Nellie, I haven’t driven much.” Caesar confessed.
“I am sure you will be a lot better than me, I have never driven in my life. The advantages of being rich I suppose. Here comes Ricky and the twins. Charley give me that case will you dear. Everyone in the van. Aunt Nellie counts the heads, except for Jake.  “Caesar, Bank Place will take us back to Abbey turn right, then straight through until it ends, then a left to the bridge. A Right when you cross the river. You will be on R352 we came in on. When you get to the turnaround remain left on to R871 the hospital is on the left.  I’m sure you will do just fine.”
Aunt Nellie finds Jake in the waiting room, waiting.  He explains they gave him 12 stitches and said it was a shallow cut. I told them I had a tetanus shot before coming to Ireland.  They gave me antibiotics to take, with instructions on putting fresh dressing on daily. No using the arm for lifting for at least 5 days or risk tearing the stitches.” Jake told Aunt Nellie.
“I am glad you are okay Jake. I had the pleasure of meeting Captain Gallagher Ennis finest, like Malley, I do believe he turned the same shade white when I got done with him.  He won’t be brothering us for a while. Let us go, Caesar’s driving.” Jake’s face turned white.  “not you too.” Aunt Nellie laughed.
***

On the way back to the Foundation Guest Lodge, Aunt Nellie had Caesar stop at a small family restaurant, where they sat down in a quiet corner of the dining room. Pulling up 4 tables to make one large table for all 10 of them to sit. With their meal ordered, Aunt Nellie opened the briefcase sorting out the documents found in it. They were the sales agreements for all those tenants who were able to purchase their property that the Dublin solicitors office had drawn up for her.  All unsigned. Which relieved Aunt Nellie. She wouldn’t have return to Dublin to have to have new contracts drawn up to replace the forged signatures. She went through the papers twice, then cursed very un-lady like. 
“What’s wrong Aunt Nellie?” Denny asked.
“The forged contract and bill of sales is not here. Higgins must still have it?” Aunt Nellie explained.
“It won’t matter Aunt Nellie, you already signed everything over to the Foundation this morning with you copy.” Jake stated.
“You don’t understand Jake. With that forged contract, Higgins can take it to the County Clare Deeds and Registry office present his claim, they hold the original Deed. They will transfer the Deed into his name. If he dated his contract before mine was dated this morning.  His will take president over todays.” Aunt Nellie explained.
“Won’t do him any good Aunt Nellie, you can prove it is a forgery.” Jake stated.
“Proving would take a long battle in court, if Higgins claims I signed it in the presences of Campbell, the solicitor who was representing me and sent from a highly respected firm from Dublin.  Campbell, and his superiors would muddle things up when they are under oath to admit they were, my solicitors hired by me. Campbell can tell his bosses I changed my mind about giving the property over to the foundation, I had him draw up a new contract giving him the estate to address an old grievance.  You heard the recordings. It’s all about those ancient grievances.”  
“Don’t get me wrong, Higgins and Campbell are going to prison eventually. Like our American court system, Ireland too have smart shysters who can tie things up for months.  They would put in to question my reputation, as well as the legitimacy of my signature on any of these contracts here. I can’t be tied up here in Ireland for months, neither can you boys return home.  You would all be material witnesses on both sides of the issue.  Brian’s spying on Higgins, and those recordings as much as they are damaging to Higgins and Campbell are illegal, no warrants, as it would be in the states. Can’t be submitted as evidence. I don’t think Campbell is going to cop a plea, he is a lawyer, knows the law and will use it to his favor.  He could file charges against Caesar for attacking him and stealing his property.  Higgins could claim he was defending himself and Campbell from street thugs.”  
As for those two abducting me, and Higgins putting me in the nut house.  He can stand on his story, he found me wandering in the Demesne, Campbell backing him up, I never showed up at the meeting. So many twist and turns just to confuse and delay justice.  Our interference today will not go well with my cousin.  He is a political creature, he will have no choice but to have us all arrested for interfering in a police investigation, holding back evidence, not telling Malley you boys knew where I was and didn’t tell him. Two wrongs don’t make a right Jake.” Aunt Nellie explained.  Aunt Nellie and the boys eat their dinner in silences.  For the first time the Grand Eight where in a pickle.
“Aunt Nellie, if Higgins and Campbell make it that difficult for us, why don’t we do the same. I mean if they decide to clam up and shift everything on us. Why don’t we clam up too?  Let’s all agree not to answer any questions from Malley or Gallagher. Take the Fifth or is that the Sixth. Ask for our Lawyer Andrew Capp. We could go on a hunger strike, claim police brutality and incompetence by the Constabulary.  Make the evening news.” Charley told Aunt Nellie.”
“I like the way you are thinking Charley.  I haven’t been on a hunger strike since they arrested me for protesting in Dublin. When the Dublin news station learned I was Lord Sean’s 22-year-old Granddaughter on a hunger strike it made national news all over the U.K. We can take the Fifth, or the version of it here in Ireland, and refuse to cooperate. If we are stuck here, let us make the delay worth it. We will stone wall Higgins and Campbell make any claims they make against us look frivolous.  Brain is it too late to call Terry back in Killarney?” Aunt Nellie asked.
“No Aunt Nellie, Why?” Brian asked.
“You call him, tell him if Malley hasn’t already claimed those recordings, I want him to make a copy of them, hide the copy. Then destroy the originals. They never existed, Terry never borrowed the listening device. Remove any evidence at the woods behind Higgins Cottage.  Have him tell everyone involved that they know nothing about Higgins or Campbell, or that I was in St. Finan.  I don’t exist the boys don’t exist they never moved into your apartment building. Will your parents cooperate, wait, tell your father if he does this for me, I will give him the property no charge?  In for an oz, in for a pound. We might as well break a few more laws.” Aunt Nellie confessed.
“Jake, can I borrow you phone?” Brian calls his Father, explains what Lady Erin wants and why as much as he dare tell him.  Then he calls Terry and tells him what Aunt Nellie wants him to do.
“Aunt Nellie, Dad said you’re on. He will remove any evidence the boys where at the apartment and refuse to cooperate with Malley.  He said he will remove all the furniture into storage, make the place look empty, start that repainting job he has been putting off.  Terry tells me he had already cleared the woods out of anything that showed we were there. He’ll make a copy of the recordings, then erase the  original from the machine. He’ll hide the machine in his Dads Tech room at the station.  The only two who were, involved that Malley may know about is Cory and Tory. I am sorry Aunt Nellie, Terry tells me Grandmother Holly died this afternoon.  His family are returning her to her ancestral home for burial, The, twins will be out of town for at least two weeks.  Terry, says he will update them when they get back.” Brian told Aunt Nellie.
“Thank you, Brian. Grandmother Holley was a sweet thing, when she could remember, she would tell me stories about her childhood. For the brief time I knew her, she reminded me of my childhood here in Ireland. Denny, remind me tomorrow to make a gift to the local Alzheimer’s Association here in Ennis in her memory. I noticed on the map earlier that Ennis had a Chapter here. Listen, what we just did is a backup plan to foil Higgins. If our Irish luck holds, we will not need to put it in play, nor call Andrew to represent us.  Remember, you are just dumb Americans on vacation touring Ireland.” Aunt Nellie.
“Well, playing dumb shouldn’t be that hard for Charley, he’s a natural at it.” Roy jested.
“Hey, it takes one to know one Roy boy.” Charley snapped back.
“Okay you two, it’s time we put you to bed. Jake you get the boys into the van, you can drive if you are up to it. I will pay the bill.” Aunt Nellie joins the boys finding Caesar behind the wheel. “Not up to it Jake?
“Thats all right Aunt Nellie, Caesar needs the experience, he can brag back home how he drove all over Ireland, ran over two Leprechauns, a Banshee, and picked out a dozen wood sprites out of the radiator.” Jake joked.
“All right it’s time we all went to bed. Even Jakes jokes are sounding funny.” Aunt Nellie quipped
“I laughed.” Said Charley in defense of Jake.
“You laugh every time you look in a  mirror.”  Said Denny.
“Come on fellows, can’t a guy get a break here.” Charley begged.
“NO!” shouted everyone in the van.


Chapter 8
Denny takes a Risk


Caesar managed to get Aunt Nellie and the boys back to the Foundations guest Lodge hitting only one wood sprite.  It turned out to be large moth on the radiator. Well, he thought it was a wood sprite. That morning Aunt Nellie went over to see Director Quinn in his office, she related how unsuccessful she was in getting the forged papers out of Higgins hands. She did have back the unaltered contracts for the tenants to sign here in Ennis and back in Killarney. She had only to wait and see if Higgins will go through with his plans. She told Director Quinn that the Higgin’s clan was not known for being that ruthless as Jonathan Higgins was, to kidnap and forge papers. He was unpredictable, he must know by now, the police where on to his schemes. What was he going to gain in prison she told Quinn? Quinn’s phone rang.
“Yes, Sarah, one moment please.” Quinn hands the phone over to Aunt Nellie. “Garda Chief Inspectorate  Collins, Lady Erin.”
“I thought I would have more time than this. Put it on speaker phone, you might as well hear the pack of lies I am going to tell my cousin.” Aunt Nellie told Quinn, 
“Sarah you can connect the call.” Quinn told his Secretary.
“What pack of lies are you going to tell me now Nellie.  You been in Ireland one week, you been kidnapped, drugged, locked in the nut house, escaped the nut house, castrated two of my best captains. What’s next, you going to tell me you just happened to be in Ennis with your Wards when you came up on Higgins unexpectedly, attacked him and expect me to believe you were out taking a tour of Daniel O’Connell’s monument. You should have been in Killarney, Nellie.”
“Now Bobby...”
“Don’t Bobby me Nellie! I hate it when you call me Bobby!” Robert Collins yells.
“Now, Bob, I have been told by my team of attorneys all 9 of them, that we should take the American Fifth and not say a word. I ‘m sorry if Malley and Gallagher are incompetent eunuchs now.  They were supposed to have had a close tail on Higgins and Campbell when they arrived in Ennis. I had business at the Foundation to finish, one of the reasons I am in Ireland. My wards as you put it are here for an educational tour of Ireland. O’Connell’s monument was on the list. You remember Rebecca McKelly and her Sister Sersha McKelly Capp. Well, Sersha’s Twins are two of those wards with me. Rebecca’s son is the other ward, the oldest of is cousins. Lord Denny O’Tomas McKelly.  Higgins and Campbell kidnapped me, drugged me, put me on a psych ward so Higgins could force me to sign over Grandfather Sean Beacon McKellys estate.  All because of some 400-year-old feud between the Higgins and the McKelly’s.  While I was in St. Finan’s ward 4, not once did Malley make any serious inquires of the hospital, if he had, he would have found me.  Instead, I had to do his job for him.  My wards found me, and they discovered Higgins plot.  Malley stood there on Bank Place, while one of my wards was standing there bleeding from a knife wound Higgins gave him, dressing me down without even considering calling an ambulance.  Gallagher had the audacity to interrogate me without once asking me who I was. When I told Gallagher, I threaten to call you, he laughed at me.  Then his constable told him who I was and who you were to me. So, both your captains swallowed their balls. I wonder where yours are, Bobby. When I am good and ready to tell you the truth.  You won’t like it. I didn’t come back home to find myself threaten by the likes of Higgins, or your constables.  I still have an ace up my sleeve, don’t make me use it. You find Higgins, before I do. I will do more than castrate him with words.  I have been to the little Armory in my room at the castle, I will defend my nephews and my wards.  Good day Robert.”  Aunt Nellie turned the speaker phone off.
“Remind me to borrow an iron girdle from the Castle Armory Lady Erin.”
“That reminds me Director Quinn, I came across some of the Armory Great Grandfather sold. It would appear it has come back into the ownership of the McKelly clans once again.” Aunt Nellie told Quinn of Copper Ore Lodges secret Armory built by Denny’s Great Grandfather O’Tomas.
***

“Jake, just go back to Ennis the way we came to the castle.  Just past Ennis General Hospital you will come up to the first intersection turn left, Clare County Council Government building is a few blocks up. The deed and registry office will still be open.  You boys wait in the car. I check with the registry to see if Higgins has been there already. If we are lucky, he has not been here yet. I will file the Foundations copy of the sale and get the deed transferred over to them.  It shouldn’t take long to file the paperwork.  After that we can visit the Clare Museum, and just across from there not far is the Ennis Friary, from the 13th century. After that I have a special place to show you.  Did you know Ennis is Muhammed Ali’s ancestral home?  There is a stone monument in his honor. Then we can visit old Ennis where many of the buildings date back some 4 centuries or more. Ennis Friary is one of the oldest ruins in Clare County. Is everyone settled in. Let’s try and have an enjoyable day and put yesterday behind us.” Aunt Nellie tells the boys.
Jake hand no problem finding the Clare County government building.  Jake dropped her off at the front entrance and found a place to park. Where he could watch the entrance just in case Higgins should show up.  The twins restless noticed a Green space off the south end of the parking lot. They asked Jake if it would be alright to check it out. Caesar, Roger, and Jimmy decided to join the twins.  They found the place a small park, with a few benches and a view of the River Fergus across the road. Their where foot paths, along the river where benches lined the bank.  The boys decided to cross over and to the benches facing the river. There was river traffic of small pleasure boats, and low barges going up and down the river. I was an idyllic day just to set and relax on the banks of River Fergus. 
Roger got out his phone and started snapping the boats as they passed by. He crossed over the foot path to the wrought iron fence that bordered the bank to get a better shot. The walled bank rose above the river some 15 feet, and down below  Roger saw a small causeway that ran along the bank, where several small boats where tied up. Canoes and rowboats for rent, a few speed boats.  As he was zooming in on the causeway. When focusing on the causeway with his Camera phone, a small speed boat pull into a vacant spot at the causeway. As he was tying the boat up. Roger motioned the boys over. Cautioned them to be quiet. He pointed down the causeway some 200 ft down, with his phone he showed the boys who he spotted. It was Jonathan Higgins. He climbed out of the boat and in his hands, he had a plastic document envelope in his hands. He started walking down the causeway where a flight of stairs let up to the foot path. On the foot path he started toward the boys.
“He is heading this way, I bet he is going to the deeds and registry office. Let’s scram and head back toward the parking lot before he spots us.” Caesar told the boys. Just as they left the small park next to the parking lot.  Jake pulls up with Aunt Nellie in the Van with the rest of the boys. “Jake,” Yells Caesar. “It Higgins he’s on foot heading this way.”
“Get in everyone.” Caesar and the boys jump into the van, climbing up over each other, slamming the sliding door shut just as Jake races off the to the far-right front side of the parking lot, backs the van in between two other cars. The foot path from the park leads up the center of the parking lot to the front entrance of County Clare building. He never noticed Jake parked there. Jake starts up the Van.
“No, Jake let’s wait and see what happens.” Aunt Nellie tells him. “He is going to be one pissed off man when he comes out.  I do believe luck was with us. I made it right in time to the Deeds office, they were about to close for the day.  I got my paperwork filed right on time. As I was leaving, the clerk were locking up behind me. He stuck a sign on the door. They won’t be opening for another ten days. Vacation time. The clerked walked me out to the parking lot.  I saw him get into his car and drive off.  Here Higgins comes now. Look he just kicked that trash can over. Oh, that left a dent in the hood of that car.  His hands going too smart for days.  If we are lucky security will spot him.” Higgins managed to reach the small park and enter crossing over to the riverbank.  Jake pulled out of his spot and drove toward the river, where he could see Higgins walking along the bank.
“He is heading back down to the causeway where he tied up his boat. Thats where I spotted him.” Roger said. He showed Jake and Aunt Nellie the two shots he got.  One had a very clear picture of the boats rental name and registration on it. Nellie reached into her purse and pulled out Captain Gallagher’s card hands it over to Roger.
“I want you to text those two pictures over to Gallagher. Give the time and date, and location at the County Clare building. Then write this, J. Higgins, doing a great job you are. Got that Roger, can you send it anonymously, block your phone number?” Roger said Roger.  Roger wrote the message and attached the picture to it than he hit send.
“Aunt Nellie, don’t you think your stirring up a hornet’s nest here.” Denny said.
“Oh no Denny, not a hornet’s nest, it’s Hurricane season. Drive on Jake, back to the intersection take a left to the bridge and cross over, you will see a sign that says Ennis Friary follow the arrow.” Aunt Nellie directed Jake.  After Ennis Friary, they took the short hop over to Clare museum and spent an hour there. Then Jake drove south half a mile to Muhammed Ali’s monument a large, sculpted stone with a plaque on it describing this spot as the ancestral home of aka Cassius Clay Jr.  The boys where surprised that the boxing legend had Irish ancestors. Later that afternoon they visited the oldest sector of Ennis, browsing the unique shops.  Before heading back to the guest lodge then had a nice dinner in a local pub with the atmosphere of a 16th century pub.  On the way back to the lodge, Aunt Nellie asked the boys where they would like to see next of Ireland?
“I like to kiss the Blarney Stone.” Said Charley. 
“I like to kiss something a little warmer, like the moist lips of an Irish lass, then a cold stone, Charley.” Roy said.
“In your dreams, Roy, in your dreams.” Charley teases his twin.
“Seriously, Twins, Aunt Nellies sitting right here”. Caesar admonishes the twins.
“Now Caesar, that Stone is cold, but a good place to make out, I remember my first kiss and I am not talking about the Blarney stone either.” Aunt Nellie tells Caesar. “It’s every young lass fantasy to find some handsome Irish Lad at Blarney Castle to sweep her off her feet.  I remember my first lad sweep me off my feet. Then his ankle twisted, and he dropped me over the wall.  I broke my fall on some fat tourist down below.”
Caesar sat there for a moment before he realized Aunt Nellie was joking. Charley broke the silence. “She got you good old man.  Score 1,000 to 0 for Aunt Nellie.” 
“Ah, I thought, oh she is good, really good. Now I know where Charley gets his bad jokes from” Caesar laughed.
“That’s a 1,000 score for Caesar, 1,000 for Aunt Nellie, negative zero for Charley.” Roy cheers.
“Sorry, Aunt Nellie, that didn’t come out right”, Caesar apologized. 
“Thats all right lad, I know what you meant.” Aunt Nellie comforted Caesar.  “I started it, so I guess I deserve it. At least I got 1,000 points, and Charley, dead lost again.” Aunt Nellie teased.
“That’s not fair, 3 against one.” Charley pouted. 
Jake suddenly hits the brake, tires screaming as he brings the van to a stop sliding right up to a barricade across the road. Tossing everyone in the van against their safety belts.  Jake, Aunt Nellie, and the boys get out of the van inspecting the sign posted on the barricade. “No Trespassing, Private Property of the Higgin’s clan. Trespasser will be shot on sight. Lord Jonathan Higgins owner.”
Aunt Nellie stumbles, nearly falling onto the barricade. Jake and Caesar grab her just in time. Steady her onto her feet. She turns to the boys, her face constricted into a snarl that would put a, she bear to shame defending her cub. “Ricky, you’re the smallest, you will blend into the night, I want you to scout a head until you can see the parking lot. Then get back here and tell me what you see. Go.” Aunt Nellie turns to Jake. “ Jake turn this van around. Everyone back inside. Aunt Nellie leans against the barricade.  
Ricky returns, out of breath. “There’s another barricade at the entrance of the parking lot. About 10 men are standing around guarding the parking lot.  A couple have shot guns.” Ricky tells her.
“Did you see what is happening at the castle Ricky?”
“There are more men there, a large moving van at the loading dock. Nothing is happening there yet.”
“Get in the Van Ricky.” Aunt Nellie goes to the driver’s side to talk to Jake.
“Jake listen, about a quarter mile back is a service road, it will be on your right side of the road. It has a chain link gate, Ram it. It will lead you around to the ruins. The road can be rough, but this van can handle it.  Keep your fog lights on, turn the headlights off. You will reach another gate. Stop there. You will find a walk through, to the side of the gate. I need you and the boys to reach the ruins on foot from there. Stay on the raised road. You will be traveling through a bog.  You will reach the backside of the ruins.  Now listen. In back of the lodge is a large utility box on stilts.  It is the main power feed to the castle and the lodge. It also feeds the parking lot lights.  There’s is a large padlock on it. Just off to the left is an unlocked tool shed. In side you will find an old coffee can on the floor inside the door, stuffed with dirty rags, at the bottom of the can is the key to that lock. I want you to trip the master, then relock the box. A generator at the castle will kick in powering the emergency lights in the castle only. Get back to the ruins and wait behind it out of sight I don’t want anyone to see you boys. Roger, here is my phone, you will find under Collins, the Garda Chief Inspectorate ’s home phone number. I pray you can get a signal out here. If you need to get as close to the castle as you can. You will be clear of the bog and get a better cell signal take no risks. Text Collins this message. “Bring the beer, the party is at Sean Beacons, the countess needs a kiss.  Repeat that Roger. 
“Bring the beer, the party is at Sean Beacons, the countess needs a kiss.”
“Go Jake, keep you lights off until you reach the first gate.” Aunt Nellie orders Jake.
“Are you not coming?” Denny asks his Aunt.
“No, Denny, I have a mind to meet J.H. face to face. I’ll be your distraction until help comes.  Hand me my purse Jake. Get out of here.” Aunt Nellie turns around and walks around the barricade, walks down the road with steady determine strides. Jake races down the road turning his lights off.  
“Roger keep an eye on my right, spot the gate for me.”
“Slow down Jake on your right.” Jake see’s the gate swings the van into the gate ramming through it. He slows, as the road gets rough, he turns the fog lights on.  The road curves around toward the castle, reaching the second gate. The boys climb out after grabbing their backpack’s and start down the raised road. The boys pull out flashlight’s from their backpacks keeping the beam low to the ground. They reach the back of the old ruins. Where they gather to catch their breath.
“Everyone turn of your lights, let your eyes adjust to the night. Roger, when your eyes have adjusted, make that phone call.  The rest of you find a place to hide, stay out of the ruins, the outer walls should be safe, test any walls before you sit down against them. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”  Jake heads to the front of the ruins, then along the side of the path as close as he can toward the tall grass.  He reaches the power box behind the lodge. His eyes spots the tool shed. From behind the power box, he darts over to the shed, opens the door and in the dark reaches around on the floor until his hands touch a tin can. He retrieves the key, and darts back to the back of the power box. Creeping around the box with his face turned inward, so the white of his face doesn’t reveal him, he reaches the front of the box.  
He feels around feeling for the door handle and the padlock.  He inserts the key, unlocks the door, hooks the lock on his belt. He steps back just far enough to open the door. He pulls his flashlight out, turns it on, spots the master switch and the one large bar fuse wedge in its slot. He spots a spare fuse in a box and a tool to pull the fuse out. With one jerk pulls down on the master switch, he grabs the tool and yanks out the fuse. He drops the hot fuse in the box with it’s spare. Turns off his flashlight drops that in the box. Grabs the box, with his free hand he shuts the door, then pulls the lock off his belt and then relocks the door. Drops the key in the box, with the box, makes a quick exist back to the ruins. He turns his head to look back as the emergency lights kick on.  He sees a beam of light coming around the lodge. Roger drops to the ground in the shadows. The sounds of a man reaches his ears. Cursing as he finds the power box locked.  He returns back to the castle. Jake gets up and walks back to join the boys.
“Jimmy, find a safe place to hide this. It has the fuses to the power box and the padlock key.  If they manage to force it open there will be no fuses to do them any good. I fear when they get that door open, they will realize the fuse has been removed.  They will start to search the area and the ruins. Any suggestions.” Jake asked them.
“Here Jake I found this map of the grounds, it was in a box on the Kiosk in front of the ruins. There’s a trail that starts on the other side of the ruins, it circles around the bog, and back to the other side of the castle. It marks observations decks that overlook the bog and open water. I checked it out. It’s a gravel path. Where it starts from here. The map shows that far side of the castle is thick with tree’s that go right up to the castle on that side, the path runs through it back to the parking lot. I bet J.H. is having his clan watching the main road and gate into the parking lot. All the outlying area is bog and scrub for miles around.   I think we should move from here while it is still dark and reach that side of the castle in the woods. Better coverage for us.  We may even find a way into the castle.” Denny explains to Jake.
“Your right Denny, this will be the first place they will look when they find the fuses gone. Either now or later in the morning. The ground is too soft around here, they will spot our tracks.  That gravel path will hide our tracks. Okay, let get out of here.  No lights until we are well down the path, then keep them low to the ground.  Best if we can get by without them.  Sound will travel over the bog and open water. No talking from here on in.  Watch your footing step light on the gravel no dragging your feet. Walk slow, we are not in a hurry. Did the map mention how long the path will take Denny?” Jake asked. 
“It marked the time between each observation deck. A total of 40 minutes if we don’t stop. Longer if we do.” Denny told Jake.
“We have plenty of time. So, let’s not rush and make mistakes. Get your backpacks on. Who has room for the fuses and the key?” Jimmy said he did. “Keep the box with you, we will dump it along the trail, got to have a trash bin at the observation decks.  Anyone have any snacks in their packs.” Jake asked. Everyone said they had a candy bar, some chips, and water. “We will ration it out when needed. Check around you don’t leave anything behind to tell anyone we were here.  Charley, Roy. Be on your best behavior please. Ricky buddy up with Jimmy, Charley up with Denny. Brian with Caesar, Roger with Roy. I will take the rear. Brian and Caesar the front, and the rest in the middle. Single file. Wait Roger did you make your phone call?”
“No Jake couldn’t get a signal.  I will keep trying down the trial. Might have to wait until we get up next to the castle. I entered my text and have the number on save.”
“Just mind your battery usage. Move out troops.  Aunt Nellie needs us.”
Ten minutes in to the trail, they reached the first observation deck, and they take a rest on the deck for 10 minutes, Roger gets 5 bars on Aunt Nellie phone. He sends his preprogramed text. The text was delivered. 60 seconds later the recipient confirmed. Jake relaxed knowing helps was on the way. They proceeded on. The second deck came up five minutes later.  The third deck ten minutes after that and a short rest. The 4th deck came up 5 minutes later, and they reached the wooded area 10 minutes later. Half way through they spotted a small path that lead to the castle’s outer walls. The boys came up to the outer walls where the tall Pines stood right up to castle walls. The stood below the castles Eastern tower where at the end of the path was a fire door ajar. Jake pulls the door open wider, on the inside of the door was a sign that said. “Door will open automictically when fire alarms go off or power goes off.”
Jake turns to the boys. “I do believe Aunt Nellie is one step ahead of us again. She wanted me to pull the fuse, so these doors will open. I bet this door is so isolated that no one knows it is even here. Okay boys I want you to stay here while I scout inside.”  Jake enters the tower, five minutes later, he exists. 
“I was right, it’s  an old dusty store room, with an open stairs leading up.  One door at this level leads into the castles main exhibit room. There’s a large exhibit wall just in front of the door, some 4 feet out, the wall going from one end of the exhibit room to the other along the wall creating a dead in hallway at each end. I discovered a hidden panel in the wall in front of the doorway.  There’s only a few emergency lights on in the outer room. Come on in we can hideout inside.”  The boys entered the towers lower room. Jake leaves the fire door ajar as they found it. With their flashlight on, they search the room and check out the stairs, stone steps supported by an outer wall, with a rough iron railing.  The stairs spiral around the inner tower wall until it reached a landing on the inner wall of the tower, then narrower steps lead up to the ceiling to a trapdoor. Some 75 feet up from the tower floor. The tower floor is cluttered with empty boxes some stacked ten feet up against the outside walls. Stuffed with packing material, peanuts, and shredded paper. An assortment of artifact display cases sitting on wheeled flatbeds. 
“There’s trapdoor in the ceiling at the end of the stairs. If it opens, we can gain access to the top of the tower. Caesar, can you handle heights okay?” Jake asked. 
“I have done some indoor rock climbing at the University. Shouldn’t be a problem for me, that railing looks sturdy.” Caesar answered. 
“I would like you to go up and check that trapdoor and see if you can open it.  Be careful.” Jake warns Caesar.
“Everyone else, move these display cases, move one of the tall ones to block the stairs, give us room to get up them. Create a wall out from the stairs, with the lower cases, around the door leading inside the exhibit room. With the boxes stack them on top of all the cases.  Make it look the room is stacked high with boxes. If anyone comes in, they will see a room full of display cases, and boxes, leave space between two cases in front of the door, then place one box on the floor between the cases, then move a display case behind that with boxes stacked on top. That will be our way in and out. With the power off they won’t see much. Don’t make the wall too neat, it has got to look random disorganized, Stack the boxes at different angles, but sturdy, don’t want any tipping over. Roger move those cases further back from the doorway make it look like a small room between the door and the cases.” Jake orders.
“Hey, we can use some help here Jake.” Jimmy asks. 
Jake moves the beam of his flash light over his right arm. A trail of dried blood was streaking his arm from the bandages around it. “Sorry, Jimmy, I pulled my stitches loose back at the power box.”
“Why didn’t you tell someone Jake.” Jimmy asks.
“I didn’t want to worry anyone. It’s stopped bleeding for now, but it hurts like hell every time I move the arm. Jimmy.” Jake confessed.
“You should have asked Charley, he should have the first aid kit in his backpack.” Jimmy reminded him.
“Thanks Jimmy, I forgot, let’s finish this wall first.” Caesar returned from upstairs. “Caesar, can you get that trapdoor open.” Jake asks.
“I got the bolt to slide over. I tried pushing up on the trapdoor, it must way a ton. I managed to get it open a few inches.  The hinges are rusty, we will need to find something to oil them.”
 “Ask Roy, I saw him with some Tanning Oil the other day. He mays still have it in his pack.” Jake tells Caesar.
“Something else I discovered up on the landing. Caesar gets his phone’s out shows Jake the picture he took. It revealed a message written on the wall off the landing. “It is Grand to be Nine. I can’t wait to be Ten. When Eleven comes, I’ll dream of my first kiss on the Blarney Stone. I’ll Dance right then left, then back to right, kiss my lover in the night, my heart shall burst open.” “Are you thinking what I am thinking?” Caesar asks.
“I hope so, help the boys finish this wall Caesar and we will talk about it.” 
“You going to help.” Caesar asks. 
“I can’t, Caesar, I have pulled my stitches loose. Go replace Charley and have him bring his first aid kit.”
“I’m on it buddy.” Caesar whispers in Charley’s ear, then takes his place with helping stack boxes.
“Jake, why didn’t you say something earlier.” Charley scolds Jake, as he pulls out the first aid kit from his backpack. Charley gently unwraps the bandages around Jakes arm.  “This might hurt a little Jake.” He pulls the last of the wrap off Jakes arm.
“Lier,” Jake flinches. 
“Not too bad, honestly Jake, looks like a fill stitches pulled lose from the upper layer of skin.  I have got some special bandages suture strips, designed to hold cut skin together. I’ll clean the wound and your arm, close the skin together, then rewrap your arm with new bandages. It will hurt a little when I pinch the wound together and apply the sutures. Five minutes later, Jake is all bandaged up, his arm clean of dried blood.  “I told you it would only hurt a little.”
“Liar, do all doctors learn to lie to their patients Charley?”
“It is the first 3 courses they take, 101 How to convince your patient it isn’t going hurt, 102 How to distract them with your lie, and 103 How to make your patient flinch in one seconds flat.” Charley teases Jake.
“Thanks Charley, seems like you are always patching me up.” Jake admits. 
“Next time, wear a suit of armor when you get into a knife fight.” Charley teases.
Jake looks up to see the boys, standing there watching. “Hey, can’t a guy have a moment with his doctor without an audience.”
“We are finished Jake, what is next.” Ricky asks. 
“Caesar show them what you found.” Jake tells Caesar.  Caesar passes around the picture on his phone.  “What do you think boys?”
“I think the old girl is either Fey the way she can see into the future.” Brian states. 
“Fey?” Roy asks.
“Another word for unworldly, a fairy.” Brian explains.
“You got that right Brian. Aunt Nellie even has eyes in the back of her head. You can’t sneak up on her with a balloon in one hand and a needle in the other. She just stands there with her back turned to you. “Don’t you dare pop that balloon Roy.” Roy said, “It’s spooky the way she does that, like when she sneaks up on you.  “Hey, its Aunt Nellie where did you come from.” Roy shouts. The boys startled turn around expecting to find Aunt Nellie standing behind them in the shadows. “Got you,” laughs Roy.
“Will someone catch that creep and stuff him in one of those boxes. Tape it shut, put postage on it, and ship it back to the States.” Roger demands.
“Wait Roger, you will have plenty of time to do that later, I promise, I will help you.” Jake stares at Roy. “We have a riddle to solve.” Jake tells Roger.
***

Jake repeats the riddle. “It is Grand to be Nine. I can’t wait to be Ten. When Eleven comes, I’ll dream of my first kiss on the Blarney Stone. I’ll Dance right then left, then back to right, kiss my lover in the night, my heart shall burst open.”
“It is obvious she is talking about the Grand Eight and plus Brian, that’s 9. I can’t wait to be Ten, is Aunt Nellie plus 9. When Eleven comes and her first kiss must mean she is the Countess waiting for her kiss.  She is waiting for Garda Chief Inspectorate Collins to rescue her. I’m not sure about the rest.” Denny admitted. 
“I got it, right to left, then back to right. That’s how you open a combination lock. Caesar did you see a combination lock on the wall.” Roger asks. 
“No, Roger, the wall is rough cut fit stone on the landing.  I saw no combination lock either built into the wall or hanging from a clasp on the wall.”
Ricky adds. “The riddle mentions the word Kiss twice, my first kiss on the blarney stone, and kiss my lover in the night. Kiss is a clue. Kiss the Blarney Stone, Kiss my lover. What do you kiss the Blarney Stone with and your lover with?”
“Lips” said Roy.
“Caesar, can you zoom on the picture, search from top to bottom, right to left.” Jake asks. 
Caesar zooms in searches the wall, then zooms in some more. Repeats his search pattern again. He stops, shows the boys what he found. The word night was written on a square block of stone. While all blocks where square, this block had a rounded stone set in the center of the  square block of stone. In the center of that circle of stone was a what appeared to be a crude set of lips carved into the stone. The last two lines of the riddle were low down on the wall. Standing up you would not noticed the circle within the square or the carved lips in the center of the circle. As one the boys start up the stairs. Then Jake orders them to stop.
“Wait, that landing isn’t large enough for all 9 of us to stand on. Caesar found the clue, let him and Denny on the landing. The rest of us can each take a step below each other.”  Caesar and Denny take their place on the landing, on their knees they expect the spot on the wall where the circle was inside the square block of stone. Denny with two fingers pushes on the lips, nothing happens it does not spring out or recedes in to the stone. Caesar with the palm of his hands placed around the lips, pushing in, the square block recedes into the wall one inch, and the circle with the lips pop out another six inches. A shaft connected to the lips. Denny tells Caesar, it is the combination lock. 
“Turn the lips to the right once until you feel clicks or it stops, then back left until it clicks or stop. They back right until its stops.” Denny tells Caesar. Caesar turn the shaft right, he could hear clicking gears turning, the shafts stops. Caesar turns the shaft left repeating the same until the lips stop, back right where the lips stop at the spot where they started with.  Nothing happens. 
“Did I miss something Denny?” Just as Denny was about to suggest the next move. The door leading out into the exhibit hall, opened. A flashlight beam shining inward. The boys buried their flashlights under their shirts, froze holding their breath.
“It’s nothing but a storage room with old display cases and boxes stacked on top Conor.”
“Okay Jack, let’s get back to the loading dock and tell J.H. we checked every room we could find.” A voice behind Jack called. Jack leaves closing the door behind him.
Releasing his breath Denny tells Caesar to kiss the lips with his palm and push in. Caesar palms the lips and pushed in. He could hear the gears in the wall working and just to his right a narrow portion of the stone wall slowly swung in. Caesar pointed his flashlight into the opening to reveal a walk-in closet full of clothes and boxes. Caesar enters into the closet where a heavy velvet curtain hangs over the entrance into the closet. He divides the panels just far enough to pick in to the room on the other side. A candle is burning next to a bed. Caesar closes the curtain, turns to Denny who has crept up behind him. 
“Nine plus one makes Ten Denny.”


Chapter 9 
It is about Time


Denny went back to the stairs and motioned for the boys to enter. Gave them the be quiet sign, they lined up behind Caesar then followed Caesar into the room. “It is about time you boys got here. I am tired of being handcuffed to this bed. Jake, the key is over there hanging up on a hook over by the door. Get me out of these bracelets.” Aunt Nellie demanded. Jake unlocks Aunt Nellie from the head board post. “Do me a favor, and check the hallway, be careful I don’t think anyone’s out there.” Jake cracks the door and peeks out, then opens wider, he sticks his head out. 
“There’s no one out there. Aunt Nellie. 
“Then take these bracelets, and the key. You will find a suit of armor out there midway down the hall. Lock one end of this braclets around his nose visor. Leave the key on the table next to him. Be quick boy, we have to get out of here. Seconds later Jake is back. “Close the door boy, were you born in a barn. Come on everyone, back to the tower before anyone comes and checks on me.  In moments everyone was back in the tower climbing down the stairs. Aunt Nellie was the last to leave. She reaches up above the door in the closet, taps in random 3 spots on the stone wall. Then as she leaves, she taps a spot on the floor. The door starts closing as she passes through. When it closes, she kicks the pair of lips, the square block and lips springs back to its original place locking the door from this side.  She joins the boys at the bottom of the stairs. She looks around and see’s the boys have been busy.
“How clever of someone. Listen boys, we can’t stay here. I have a more comfortable place for us to hide. Grab you backpacks, don’t leave anything behind. Stuff those bloody bandages in the bottom of one these boxes. Someone can tell me what that means later. Charley stuffs the bandages in a box up against the outer wall and stacks another box on top. Slips his backpack on with the rest of the boys. “Follow me.” Aunt Nellies leads the Nine boys to the end of the wall below the stairs. Someone shine a light right here.  Denny focuses the beam of his light, where Aunt Nellie is touching the wall. With a quick motion she taps six different spots on the wall, then kicks a spot on the wall where it meets the floor. Another door opens like the one upstairs. “Denny loan me your light, the rest keep your light down to your feet. The stairs down are very old, well-worn, and damp. They are craved out of solid rock.  I don’t want any one of you to slip and fall. Caesar lead the way, use your hand on the right to follow the wall it takes a few turns on the way down. Jake you go last. I’ll be behind you. As Jake passes by Aunt Nellie asks him if his arm is okay.
“It is okay Aunt Nellie, Charley says it is a few stiches working loose. He patched me back up, he is very good at that.”
“Thanks, Jake, you are doing a great job leading these ruffians. Go on, down the stairs, I got to close this door and lock it. I won’t be far behind.”  Aunt Nellie joins the boys, just as they reach the end of the stairs. The stairs end at the beginning of a natural tunnel through solid rock. Aunt Nellie tells the boys it leads right to and under the lodge into a natural cavern that’s been set up as a safe house, where generations of McKelly’s ancestor hid out from Rival clans.  When the old castle finally collapsed and the tunnel under it collapsed.  My Grandfather build this castle over a new tunnel to continue the traditions of McKelly’s hiding from their rival clans. The lodge was added later. I am the last McKelly to know of their existence. Well now you boys. I must warn you if you ever tell anyone, the spirit of my Great, Great, Great, Great Grandmother, Lorna Zoe McKelly will haunt you to the ends of your days, then a Thousand years after that.  She was reported to be Fey.” Aunt Nellie told the boys.
“I told you boys, Aunt Nellie was Fey.” Roy said.
“Royal Grady Capp, do you want Roger to put you in that box, and mail you back to the states.” Aunt Nellie told Roy.  Roy screamed and ran off down the tunnel.  
“Aunt Nellie, how did you know I threatened Roy to box him up and ship him to the states?” Roger asks.
“I’m Fey Roger, and I have little fairy’s reporting everything that was said in the tower.” Aunt Nellie seriously told Roger.
“What kind of fairy’s Aunt Nellie?” Charley asks.
“The best electronic kind, Charley, only the best for this old girl. Come on boys, I am getting hungry, I do believe I smell bacon and bangers frying. Will someone catch that boy before he falls into a hole to his death.”
“Are you serious Aunt Nellie?”  Denny asked.
“No, Denny, but Roy doesn’t know that.” Aunt Nellie teased. Denny and Ricky run after Roy.
“Aunt Nellie, what are you not telling us?” Jake asked.
“In due time Jake, in due time.” Aunt Nellie escorts the boys down the tunnel and in due time they find Denny, Ricky, and Roy at a dead end in the tunnel. Denny was trying to explain to Roy that Aunt Nellie wasn’t Fey, that the tower was bugged electronically. He wasn’t buying it. Aunt Nellie kneels down grabs Roy’s shoulders. Shakes him.
“Royal Grady Capp, will you come to your senses. You are getting to old to keep acting the court jester in this family. I’m sorry I was teasing you lad. Denny is right boy.  The tower is bugged with listening devices. The whole castle is.”
“Really, Aunt Nellie?” Roy asks.
“Really Roy, would I lie to you lad?”
“I don’t know Aunt Nellie. I’m so scared, I don’t know why I am here, I want to go home.” Roy cries.
Aunt Nellie embraces the boy. “Oh, my dear Roy, I am so sorry, you have gotten wrapped up in this mess. I promise you, I’ll get your home and soon.” She turns to the others. “All of you, listen, if I would have known that Higgins was plotting against me, I would not have brought you here to Ireland. He can have this castle.  You are more important to me then some bat ridden castle.  Family and friends come first before stone and wet bogs. Why do you think I was selling all this?”
“It’s your Ancestral home Aunt Nellie.” Denny says.
“Denny, my Ancestral home is not stone and wet bogs.  It is you, Charley, Roy, and their parents. Its these find lads here, and all my friends back in Grand Apple Valley Junction. My Ancestral home will always be in my heart and in yours long after I am gone.  If J.H. wasn’t so obsessed with material things, he would know it in his heart, he, wouldn’t need this castle either. Now dry those tears Roy. A court Jester doesn’t cry, he makes us laugh, and laughs with us when we laugh at him. It is the love we have for each other, and boys it wouldn’t hurt to lighten up a bit on Roy. He is just trying to get a handle on his nerves. We all are.”
“Now step aside, and let me open this door Roy, I do believe I smell bacon and bangers a cooking.” 
“Do you smell bacon and bangers, Charley?” Roy asks. 
“No, Roy, I do believe the old girl as gone batty, and there’s no door there either.” Charley tells his twin. 
Aunt Nellie stands before a wall of natural stone, she raises her voice. “Abracadabra open says me open door, I want some bacon and bangers please.” Low and behold the stone wall slids backs to reveal Director Eoghan Quinn, of to his side is table loaded down with bacon and bangers, toast and eggs, and pitchers of Milk and orange juice. Behind him is a cavern well-appointed with a living room on the right and a kitchen on the left. On a back wall are several doors leading to who knows where.
“Welcome Lady Erin, Lord Denny, Roy, Charley, Jake, Caesar, Jimmy, Ricky, Roger, and Brian. Your breakfast is ready. Roy gives Aunt Nellie a hug.
“I’m glad you are Fey, Aunt Nellie.  Can you magic up some chocolate milk please?”
“Quinn, you heard my Nephew, magic up some chocolate milk please.”
***

“Okay boys settle around.  I believe I owe you a story. No, it is not one of my Wild and Wooley adventures, well part of them. As you know I have had a privileged life.  In my youth our family wealth was not as great as it is now, though it put us above many, the higher class. Only in later years had my Grandfather, my Father, brother, and I have made good investments to build that wealth. Oh, we are not billionaires far from it. But we were good stewards of our wealth. Though not blessed with long lives like me. 
“I have inherited all that wealth from 3 generations. As a young women, I traveled a lot a sophisticated women of wealth.  I was also a Wild and Woolley adventurer taking risks and doing unconventional things for an Irish lady of wealth. Eventually some took notice. Back then it was what became the MI-5 after World war II. America’s version of the CIA, and secret service.  I was recruited and many of those Wild and Woolley adventures where center around me gathering information for Queen and country.  After the  Berlin War came down, and the cold war ended. I retired from that service and went back to being an unconventional spinster. I wish I could tell you of the many operations as a MI-5 agent, but I can’t, sworn an oath never to reveal those operations, many today are still highly sensitive secrets.”
“Director Quinn is a retired member of the MI-6 as it is known today.  Though I was officially retired, for many years I was on reserve until Denny came into my life.  Needless to say, I was very good at my job, and earned the respect of the Queen, and from the Republic of Ireland for several times helping them out after my retirement.  This installation is a reserve base for the Garda, a backup in case of any infiltration of the Republics main base of operations during a time of war or terrorist attack.  The foundation and preservation of Irelands historic heritage is real, an official front.  Director Quinn is in charge keeping this installation on standby and readiness in case it is ever needed.  That fool Higgins as no idea it is here, at least I believe he doesn’t.  Ennis local authority don’t know it is here.” 
“When I told you about my ancestors using this cavern to hide from their rival clans, it’s true and has been a well-kept secret.  When Lord Sean Beacon McKelly built the new castle and the new tunnel it has still remained a secret.  The Twins Grandfather my nephew was in America practicing his chosen profession as a Doctor. When my brother died, his father, the last Lord McKelly to live here. My nephew asked me to buy his portion of his father’s inheritance so he could build his clinic. I offered the services of that secret to the Republic of Ireland when I inherited the castle and the land. My Second Cousin Robert Collins, Chief Inspectorate of the Garda, its third member, is responsible for the national security of the Republic. Though that is not a secret.”. 
“Roger, did you make that phone call to Collins?” Aunt Nellie asks.
“Yes, I did when I eventually got 5 bars on the phone.  The delivery was confirmed, and Collins replies confirmed.” Roger told Aunt Nellie.
“Then we should expect him soon.” Aunt Nellie replies. 
“What happened Aunt Nellie when you arrived at the castle?” Jake asks. 
“I was greeted by that mob at the gate to the parking lot.  None of them even knew who I was.  I told them I needed to see Jonathan Higgins. I had a private message for him. They let me through the gate and two men escorted me to the loading dock where Higgins was instructing his men there with what items he wanted from the museum removed. He was telling them he had a buyer for most of it. When he saw me, he, yelled?”
“Who let this women on to the grounds? I told you no one gets in here, especially Lady Erin. No, I am Lord now, she doesn’t own the land anymore. She does not have a title anymore.” Higgins stated.
“Your right,” I told him, “I don’t own the land anymore. I signed it over to the Foundation a month ago. This morning I registered the sale to the foundation at County Clare government Deeds and Registry office. The deed to the castle and land is now legally in their name.” I told the mob.
“She is lying men, I have a bill of sales contract here.  He pulls out from his suit coat inner pocket a folded document. I have showed you it. Its signed by Lady Erin, witnessed and notarized 3 days ago. I was at the County Clare Deeds and Registry this afternoon and filed my paper work.  Everything is in order. She’s been nowhere near the place this morning.”
“I see you have your hand wrapped, Higgins. Where did you hurt it?  Oh, I remember, I saw you at the County Clare government building walk through the parking lot and into the building, then came storming out madder than hell, when you  discovered the deeds office just closed, the clerk went on vacation for two weeks. You came out kicking trash cans over, and punching the hood of a car, left a good dent in it.” I told Higgins.
“She, lies, she was nowhere near the place. I tell you.” Higgins insisted.
“Please tell you men here why you rented a river boat, and was seen by 9 boys, docking up at the causeway, in front of the government building. One of those boys was knifed by you two days ago, when you left Patrick Lynch.  You know Patrick Lynch boys, the forger. Was arrested for getting caught in the act of forging my signature on those papers.  Where’s cousin Aaron Campbell, fellows?” I demanded.
“Someone in the group yelled out and told Higgins his brother Aaron was in jail along with Lynch.”
“Boys, I pulled the rabbit out of the hat then. Tell them Higgins how you and Campbell  kidnapped me and drugged me. How you snuck me into Killarney’s St. Finan’s Ward 4 psych unit and kept me drugged for days. Several of his men started mumbling and quarreling how they wanted no part of kidnapping and knifing some kid. They started leaving the loading dock when the lights went out.  Someone grabbed me, and when the emergency generator kicked in it was Higgins, only four men stood by his side. I could hear the commotion of car doors and truck doors opening. Men hollering, they had to get out of here before the constables arrive.  The two of the  men were with the moving van, started loading up artifacts as fast as they could. Higgins forced me into the castle, he picked up a stack of handcuffs, mumbling how he was going to use them on the staff, his men found the castle and the lodge deserted.  He asked me where the keys where to the private rooms.  I told him I had a key in my purse to my childhood bedroom upstairs. I heard the moving van leaving with the museum artifacts. It was just me Higgins, two men called Jack and Conor.  He had me show him where upstairs, and on the way he managed to grab a short sword from one of suits of armor, held it at my back.  I had no intention to fight him, I wanted to be put into that room. He wrapped the handcuffs around the bedpost and snapped both bracelets onto  ne hand. As he left, he said I could rot there. He hung up the key on the hook at the door and left.”
“The switch to the bugs in the tower was just in reach, behind my pillow. I turned them on waiting for your boys” About an hour later, you arrived.  I knew eventually you would arrive and climb those stairs and see that message on the wall this morning.  I heard you boys moving display cases around, Jake instructing what he wanted you to do. That was very clever of you Jake. Then I heard Caesar and Denny on the landing in front of the door talking about how to solve the riddle.  Then you all went silent, and I heard the two men downstairs searching the tower. They left. I was relieved. Then you all come walking into the room.  The rest as they say is history.” Aunt Nellie quoted.
“How did you know we would walk around the bog and find the tower door open Aunt Nellie.” Jimmy asked.
“She is Fey, Jimmy that’s how.” Roy defended his Aunt.
“Seriously”.  Jimmy repeated, “How did you know we would, when you told us to stay put at the ruins.”
“Jimmy, I know you boys, when I tell you to stay in one place to hide from trouble. I expect you to use common sense and not listen to me.  I was counting on you and Irish luck. Call it being Fey if you want. You did just what I wanted you to do.”
***

The boys are in a room off the living room in the cavern, where a dozen monitors are showing the active camera feeds outside and inside the castle. In one exhibit room Jack and Conor are sorting out jewelry, Gold and silver arm bracelets, Kilt buckless, rings, and brooches. Stuffing them in a cloth bag.
“Look at them Quinn, two common thugs, who can’t tell the difference between paste and what is real.” Aunt Nelle told Quinn.
“I’m glad you convinced me years ago to have copies made and put the real valuable artifacts in the vault.”
“Quinn do you know where Higgins is now in the castle.” Aunt Nellie asks Quinn.
“Lady Erin when he left you locked in your room, he returned down to my office, a cussing and a cursing. He grabbed a Lochabar Axe from the Armory room, and when he got to my office, he used it to disable the cameras in the office, we still have audio, but he has gone silent for now, most likely brooding.” Quinn tells Lady Erin.
“Can you turn up the audio to full volume, maybe we can hear him talking to himself, or rifling through your desk.”
“I do believe that is possible.” Said Quinn.
J.H. was mumbling cussing the McKelly clan for stealing this land from his Ancestor Killian Higgins 400 years ago.” Gloating. “claim they paid Killian with 10 goats, and 8 sheep for the land. Then at night the McKelly clan stole the goats, and sheep back. They cheated Killian out of the land and claim he signed and give them the deed fairly.  Then told Killian not their fault that he didn’t pin the animals in.  Let them wander off in the night.  Where is that Deed, it’s my only proof that Killian never signed any deed. They stole it.”  There are sounds of desk draws opening, slamming shut. “I got you, I am sure these are the keys to the vault in the dungeon. Jack, Conor.” J.H. calls out, where the hell are you.”  Moments later on one monitor they see Higgins leaving Quinn’s office, carry the Lochabar axe in his hand.  “Jack, Conor where are you?” Yelling at the top of his lungs.” J.H finds them stuffy their pockets with rings and small jewelry.
“Throw that junk away, don’t you know what is fake, paste.  The real stuff is in the vault in the dungeon.  Help me find the door to the dungeon you fools.” J.H. screams at them.
“What good is that going to do Higgins, how we going to open the vault?” Jack asks.
Holding the keys up. “What do you think these are idiot, the keys to your Lassies heart. Find that door.” 
“Come on boys we have a trap to spring on that idiot Higgins.” Aunt Nellie leads the boys back into the main cavern to the kitchen back wall where the hidden door was.  She turns to Jake. Stand here boy, when I say so, I want you to say these words, once then pause, then repeat them again, okay. Just use your normal voice no need to shout. Pay attention, I want you to say these three words, “I am Groot” pause, then say it again, “I am Groot” Wait.” Aunt Nellie turns to the wall. “Security Code 5679, open says me.” Now Jake.
“I am Groot, he pauses, I am Groot” the wall slides open. 
“You now have the password. You need only say “I am Groot open or close”, I am Groot lights on or off or dim.  Caesar you are next. Close the door Jake Aunt Nellie instructs him.
“I am Groot close”. The door closes. 
Caesar do just as Jake did, this time say “Big Fluffy Bell Bottoms. Pause then repeat.”
“Security Code 5679, open says me.”
“Big Fluffy Bell Bottoms. Caesar pauses, Big Fluffy Bell Bottoms, the wall slides back.
“Now everyone back into the tunnel and wait.” With everyone out, Aunt Nellie asks Caesar to close the wall. 
“Big Fluffy Bell Bottoms close” the wall closes. 
Jake, Caesar, pay attention you will find either to right or the left of a hidden door a dimple in the floor that tells you, you at a hidden door. One dimple means it is an exit to the surface. Two dimples mean it is a storage room. Three dimples mean it is a dormitory.  Four dimples means it is the main Cavern we just came out of. When the lights are off those dimples will glow a color, when you pass a hidden door.  Red is for one dimple, Blue is for two dimples, Green for three dimples and red, blue, green, and yellow for four dimples. This way you can find the doors in the dark. To open and close a door you must be within an arm’s length or less to activate the door with you voice. Your password is paired with you voice pattern. For emergencies you are to use these words as loud as you can in the tunnel or the dungeon.  “Code Alpha, then  open or close” then all the dimples will come on and with your password all doors will open up or close, lights on or off. In emergencies if you need to evacuate everyone, say “Alpha Code Zero open or close” and only the emergency exits will open. Okay boys, let’s get back to the tower and up the stairs.”
Back in the tower, Aunt Nellie leads them out the door to the main exhibit room. Instead of opening the secret panel into the exhibit room, she guides the boys left down the narrow space between the back of the display cases and wall to the end. Where she reaches up and pulls down a candle sconce. Another door opens into another narrow space between two stone walls. At the end they come to an old oak door which she opens. Leads the boys down a stairwell.  On the way down she cautions the boys to stay quiet as they enter the dungeon into another hallway with small cells on either side going down to the end of the hallway where it turns a corner. They can here Higgins cussing again further down the hallway.  Aunt Nellie whispers to the boys. Down the hallway and around the corner 20 feet down is the Vault, where Higgins is likely trying to find a key that fits the lock to the vault door. There are three locks, and 10 keys. None of them fit.  Jack and Conor are most likely standing there dancing in nervous anticipation.  Jake, I need you to sneak down there, and get Jack and Conor’s attention, get them to chase you back here into that room there. Step in, then to the side of entrance to let Jack and Conor run in past you. Step out, then say “I am Groot close. An Iron door will drop down and trap them in side. The boys and I will be across in the other room hiding.  Just make sure they see you enter the room. Go. 
Come on everyone let’s play hide and seek.”  As soon as the boys where in the room Aunt Nellie says, “Open says me close.”  The Iron door drops down, just as Jake comes racing around the corner.  Jack and Conor 8 steps behind him.  Jake runs into the room steps aside just as Jack and Conor run in, catch up to the back wall and stop. Jake steps out of the room and says, “I am Groot close” Trapping the two inside pounding on the door.
“Open says me open” and Aunt Nellie and the boys join Jake in the hallway.
“What next Aunt Nellie”. Jake asks.
“We now ruin Higgins grand plan to be Lord of his own castle.  Everyone line up behind me. Follow my lead. Not a word until I start singing.” Just as Aunt Nellie turns around the corner, she starts singing, “it’s a long way to Tipperary, it’s a long way to go... stops in front of Higgin’s who is busy fumbling with keys. He looks up.
The boys step out from behind Aunt Nellie, take a stance and salutes Higgins. 
“Sir do you know the way to Tipperary.” They all sang.
***

Higgins drops the keys to the floor.  “You, you should be locked up, did those fools let you out.”
“The only fool I see is you Higgins with keys that don’t open that door. Didn’t you think it was too easy to find them. Why don’t you give up this nonsense? You got nothing to gain.” Aunt Nellie tells him. “Don’t you run like a coward.” Higgins turns around to run. Roger in the front of the boys, makes a dash to stop Higgins. Higgins turns around with the Lochabar Axe in his hands. Roger runs right into the grasp of Higgin who wraps his free arm around Roger’s waist. Thrusting the Lochabar at Rogers throat, stopping within an inch of impaling the boys throat. Shouts at Aunt Nellie. 
“Take one step and I will cut the boys throat. I can do it Lady Erin, you will not get my castle back. I’ll kill every one of you if I have to.”
“Stay back boys, Higgins has gone mad, he’ll do it.” Aunt Nellie ordered the boys. “Roger don’t struggle that blade is awful sharp. It will cut you sooner than Higgins can.” Aunt Nellie urged Roger to stand still. 
“Now you and those Gutter rats of yours, just back up, and let me through, anyone rush me, and this boys loses his head.” Aunt Nellie and the boys start backing down the hallway.  Higgins pushing Roger ahead of him with the Lochabar at this throat. He forces everyone to stop at the corner. No tricks now. One by one you are going to back around the corner. Lady Erin no tricks. I’ll kill this boy and then throw this axe at your head before you can jump me. Back up around the corner boys, Lady Erin you too.”
Aunt Nellie reaches around the corner, slowly backing up, she feels the boy behind her slip into an open cell. “Don’t stop, keep moving whispers a voice.” She backs up with other the boys behind her. Higgins with Roger starts walking past the open cell, pushing everyone back down the hallway. A leg comes shooting out knocking Higgins off balance swinging the Lochabar away from Rogers throat. Roger elbows Higgins in the stomach and rushes down the hallway. As Higgins doubles over and drops the Lochabar. Denny who jumps out of the cell pushes Higgins to the ground who lands on the Lochabar axe head. Denny jumps on Higgins back pounding on Higgins with his fist, screaming, “Roger is not a gutter rat, nor are the Grand Nine cutter rats. We are not gutter rats, you are the gutter rat.” Aunt Nellie pulls Denny off Higgins, rolls Higgins over. The Lochabar had impaled Higgins shoulder, just inches from his throat. Higgins tries to get up struggles and falls back down on his back dislodging the axe, passes out. 
“Jake between those two cells, is a storage room open it please.  You should find a first aid kit there.  Aunt Nellie tells Jake.  Jake steps up to the wall between the two cells, “I am Groot open” the wall slides open. A light comes on. Jake spots the first aid kit, and a stack of cloth towels. He grabs both and takes them to Aunt Nellie.
“Charlie come and help me.” With Charlies help, with a surgical blade from the first aid kit,  she cuts off Higgins coat, and cuts away the shirt around the wound. She takes a clean towel and puts pressure on the wound. A nasty gash from the top of his shoulder down to his chest. Charley folds another towel up, length wise hands it to his Aunt. She lays that over the first towel. Charley hands her a bottle of hydrogen peroxide. She soaks both towels with it.  With Jakes help they lift Higgins up while Charlie wraps a roll of bandages tightly under his arm over his shoulder to the other side of his chest, around his back , then repeats the process, several times until the bandages are tight around his shoulder and chest.  During the whole time Higgins remains unconscious. 
“Thats the best we can do Aunt Nellie.  I don’t think we should move him. That was a nasty tear, in his chest and shoulder.” Charley told his Aunt.  Aunt Nellie suddenly becomes aware of two boys missing. 
Roger and Denny. Caesar points into the cell that Denny had jumped out of.  Aunt Nellie gets up and approaches the cell. She whispers lights. A dim light comes up, revealing Denny in Rogers arms, rocking back and forth, both boys are crying.  Roger over and over, thanking Denny.  
Denny looks up at Roger. “It was my turn Roger.” Then Denny shuts down.
 “Lights out” and then leaves the two alone in the cell.
***

“Lady Erin”. Quinn’s voice comes over a hidden speaker.  “Collins is on his way done to the Dungeon with his men.  
“Jake release Jack and Conor will you, Caesar, Jimmy, Brian make sure they don’t run.” Aunt Nellie orders the boys. 
Jake picks up the bloody Lochabar axe, steps up to the cell door. "I am Groot open “ the door rises to find Jack and Conor sitting on the floor with bloody hands, from pounding on the iron door. Jake advices them to stay put, they look up and see’s the bloody axe, their faces blanching white. They did not move a muscle. 
“Erin Danielle McKelly, what have you done now.” Garda Inspectorate Robert Collins steps down from the stairs. He sees Jake with the bloody axe in his hands. “Put that down boy before you cut yourself.” He notices the two in the cell. And Higgins on the floor wrapped in bloody bandages. He hollers up the stairs. Medic Aidan, Philip, front, and center. The two medic’s rush down the stairs with their Emergency Medical Care kits. 3 other men following behind them. “Aidan in there, Philip see to the man on the floor. Collin starts counting heads. “I believe you are missing two boys Nellie.” 
“In the next cell Robert, please they are distraught, give them a few more moments.”  Aunt Nellie pleads with her cousin.”
“I understand Nellie, saw the whole thing with Quinn on the monitors.  Sergeant Evans, will you help Lady Erin up from that cold stone floor. Philip, how is Higgins.” Collin asks his medic.
“He has lost a fair share of blood, the boy here says, he and Lady Erin got compression on it right away and wrapped the wound as tight as they could.  It’s a find field dressing. His vital are weak but holding. I have called for a stretcher.  It will be a tight fit up those stairs, But I believe we will manage.  I have started a Saline drip and given Higgins a shot of Morphine.”
“There are two boys in the next cell, they could use you gentle touch Philip and calming voice.” Collins turns his attention to his medic in the cell. “Aidan what is your assessment?” 
Scrapes and bruises on their hands.  I am told they been bounding on an Iron door, made a bloody mess of their hands.  I gave them both a tetanus shot. A local pain killer, Antibiotic cream on their wounds and dressings.  They are good to go Chief.”
“Ross, Evans escort them out of here, before Lady Erin’s decides to leave them here to rot. Wouldn’t blame her, but the paper work would kill me. Nellie gather your wards, take them upstairs to a more comfortable room. Roger comes out with Philip carrying Denny. “Report Phillip.” Collins asks.
“The boy here tells me Denny as an Autism Syndrome Disorder, High functioning sir, and will be fine, just needs some rest. Some fresh air, Sunlight, and a week’s vacation on the French Riviera will cure what is ailing them.” Philip suggested.
“What and ruin Irelands good reputation with our French Allies. Where ever Lady Erin goes, trouble always not far behind.”
“That’s not fair Bobby,’ Aunt Nellie defends herself, “Trouble never follows me...”
The boys end the sentence for her. “I follow trouble were ever it goes.” One of Aunt Nellies, favorite quotes when she ends one of her Wild and Woolley stories.
“Nellie what are you teaching these boys.” Collin asked his cousin.
“You got that wrong Bobby, I’m the student and they are the teachers. Come on boys, you too Philip let us get out of Chief Collins hair, Oh, Sorry Robert, it seems you lost the rest since I last saw you. We will be up in the cafe, raiding the snack bar. I could do with a chocolate bar.” Aunt Nellie guides her teachers and Philip with Denny up the stairs and out of sight. 
Chief Collins looks at his men. “Count your lucky clovers, she not your cousin. She’s why I don’t have any hair. Two men with the stretcher arrive.  Aidan get that Gutter Rat on his way to the prison ward at the hospital, I’ll deal with him later.  You will find me in the cafe, having a chocolate bar with Lady Erin.


Chapter 10
Conclusion

Chief Inspectorate Robert Collins joins his cousin and the boys in the museums cafe’.  Denny is resting in on a couch nearby. “Do you have to be such a hard ass Robert.” Aunt Nellie asks her cousin Collin.
“Only in front of the men, Nellie you know that. Got to put a show on for them or I lose respect.” Collins told his cousin.
“Just checking, Robert. How is your lovely wife Aine doing?”
“She says hello, and you should visit before you leave for the states.” Collin tells Nellie. 
“I can’t promises, Robert, but I will try to stop long enough in Dublin to make a short visit.  How are your Grandkids doing?” Aunt Nellie asks. 
“Well, the oldest is going to follow in her grandfather’s footsteps, she wants to be the next Chief Inspectorate.  She is 16 now. I swear she is taking after the McKelly side of the family. Looking more like a certain cousin of mine each day.” Collin states. 
“Maybe I should stay over in Dublin longer, I could teach her a few tricks of the trade Robert.”
“Heaven forbid Nellie, one of you is enough in the states, having another mini you in Ireland would devasted the justice system.  Did your Aunt Nellie ever tell you about the time she took on the whole Irish supreme court challenged them to prove she was a menace to Irish society. She...”
“Please Robert not that story. You never get it right anyways, it was not the whole supreme court, just the high chief Justice, Robert.” Aunt Nellie defended.
“As I recall, wasn’t he your current beau at the time, and wasn’t this all about you being caught in the arms of another man Nellie.” The boys interest peaked.  This was the first time they have heard of Aunt Nellie having a beau or a lover on the side.  
“Now you just wait a minute Bobby Collins. He wasn’t another man he was a Russian spy, and I was on duty.  A girl has got to do what a girl needs to do.  That so-called beau of mine was a jealous creature. He tried to slap all kinds of moral charges against me. I had to blow my cover to get the court off my back.  By the way what ever happened to the chief Justice, Robert?”
“After you left Ireland, he married and set up a private practice. Has 8 kids, all in and out of trouble, 20 grandkids who live off his largest.  And speaking of large, he’s a 300 pounder if not a pound more. Retired living on a small estate outside Dublin.” Collin reports.
“Well, I suppose he could have done worse with me. He could never tolerate me constantly in the arms of other men, even if they were handcuff to me.” Aunt Nellie turns to the boys. “I arrested them boys.  Turning to Collins. “Now see what you’ve done, Bobby. I am a fallen Angel now, in their eyes.” Aunt Nellie protested. 
“Dear Cousin, you were never an angel.” 
“May as that might be then, I do try to teach this young generation better moral standards.”
“That, and a course in 101, How to be a double 0 seven agent”. Chief Inspectorate Robert Collins teased.
***

One of Collins men walks in the Cafe’.
“Chief Collins, we have a problem with getting the main power back up. It would seem after forcing the lock off the power box, the fuses and the spare fuse are missing. It might take us another day to locate replacements.” Sargent Evans reported.
“Nellie might you have something to do with this, or shouldn’t I ask.” Collins asks.
“Chief Collins, I have them.” Jimmy reaches into his backpack and hands over the two fuses to Sargent Evans. “Ah, here’s the key.”
“Evans, it might be best to ask around, before you break open a lock.” Chief Collins tells his Sargent.
“Yes, Sir duly noted. I’ll have the power back on shortly.” Evans leaves the cafe’. 
One my one the lights came up, and the generator kicked off.  The room started circulating with fresh air, as the soda cooler refrigerator motor started humming. “Well, Robert I think I should get these boys and Denny back to the lodge.  I am sure you have some loose ends to take care off.” Aunt Nellie suggested.
“Speaking of loose ends Nellie...”
“That can wait Robert. It has been more than 24 hours since either of us as had any sleep. I am sure the boys will feel it shortly, as their adrenaline will drop. I know mine is, I could sleep for days.” Aunt Nellie tells Robert.
“Forgive me, Nellie, your right.” Turning to the boys. “I have known Nellie to go three days without sleep, then sleep a whole week. She is not as tough as she used to be, I bet you she will sleep two weeks.” Chief Collins said.
“What have I told you boys about betting on a risk. Give him 10 to 1, and I assure you he will lose his kilt. Come along boys, our beds are waiting.” Aunt Nellie herds the sleepy boys back to the lodge. Jake carrying Denny. Eight hours later, Chief Collins loses the bet. Aunt Nellie is up and about, meeting with Quinn helping him take inventory of the missing artifacts that had real value and not copies.  The originals locked in a vault in Dublin.  The boys slept through to early evening, refreshed themselves, and meet in the lodge’s dining room for a welcomed meal. Shortly after Denny comes wondering into dining room looking confused and very tired.
The boys are unusually quiet, at the meal table.  Charley and Roy refrain from the usual comedy hour routine. Jimmy is avoiding eye contact with Roger, and Roger with the other boys.  Denny is quiet even for Denny after one of his spells.  Brian breaks the ice. “Tell me Jake, is the Grand Eight adventures usually this tame?”
The boys start thawing out, all at once telling Brian about their time when trapped in the Copper Ore Lodge mine with no hope of getting out.  Then Jake told of his ordeal being held hostage by a mad teen who lost his reasoning, how he was rescued by the Grand Five at that time. Then everyone fell silent, trying not to look at Roger and Denny.  Roger opened up the conversation from there.
“I was scared, all I could see was that battle axe at my throat. Higgins threatening to cut my throat. Then he started pushing me forward, driving you all back down around the corner. The axe wavering at my throat.  I was afraid I would stumble and impaled myself on it. Then before I knew it. I felt this leg shoved behind  mine, kicking Higgins off balance.  When that blade started falling away from my throat, I just acted.  Elbowed him in the gut as hard as I could. I then ran.  When I turned back, I saw Denny jump on Higgins back, a wildcat, screaming and punching Higgins on his back.  I saw blood pooling out under Higgins. The next thing I knew, Aunt Nellie was shoving Denny off Higgins. I must have blacked out, found myself in the cell with  me holding Denny in my arms. We just sat there in the dark crying. I was thanking Denny over and over again.  Denny was saying...
“It was my turn Roger.” Denny finished for Roger. “Brian there was a time when I was being held by a kidnapper at gun point in an abandon building that was three summers ago. I too was scared and sick.  Out of my medication and tied up.  My kidnapper had left leaving me alone. I managed to free my hands, and just as I was trying to free my feet, Roger comes out of nowhere, to save me.  I guess I too blacked out, for Roger carried me down the street to safety and called for help. When I awoke, I was in the hospital?  Until now, I couldn’t never find a way to thank him really thank him.” Denny sat there, you could feel a peace about him.
Jimmy stood and raised his water glass. “Here, Here, The Grand Motto is about Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty.  A member can trust a friends discretion and be there for a friend when in need. That is what Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty, is about.  Most importantly we never  judge a book by its cover. An open mind is important in life, growing up.  Respect means  that we respect each other’s privacy when one says, “I can’t share this, then we don’t pry.  Honesty is about emotions, never to be afraid to tell a friend they are behaving badly, or how they feel about each other. One respects privacy when something is shared on a one to one between them. May we always have each other’s back, through thick and thin to the end. May we stand as equals, undivided, may we conquer our fears together in Friendship, in Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty.  May our foes, tremble and fear the Grand Nine.”
The boys stand and raise their glasses. “Here, here, to the Grand Nine.”
Brian looks at Jimmy. “I thought you were the Grand Eight.”
Jimmy counts off pointing at each boy. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,” Points at Brian. “9”, do we  all agree. 
“Here, Here, to the Grand Nine. To its first international member.”
“I don’t know what to say boys,” Brian admits. 
“Say yes, Brian, before we come to our senses.” Charley says.
“Yes, you really, really like me,” Brian quote’s Sally Fields. 
“Hey, he’s stealing my lines, now.” Roy laughs. 
The boys settle down at the table the awkwardness gone.  Brian gets a pat on the back by each boy. Telling him he will never regret it. “We will grow on you like moss on a Frog.” Charley says. Out of nowhere comes a pillow thrown by Jake at Charley.
“Thats moss on a tree, you frog headed dunce.”
For the rest of the evening the boys sit around the lodge lobby, sharing with Brian there adventures these last 3 summers.  How each new member was added to the group?  Jimmy tells Brian his father started the Original Grand five made up of Sheriff Capp, the twins Father, Billy Sikes Father Teddy, Sean Treewaller, Jimmy’s Uncle, and Douglas Lake, Jakes second cousin. Jimmy tells about the Bear Tree and his dad’s adventure at age 16. And how the new Grand five rediscover the Giant Geode. Before the boys retired for the night, for much more needed sleep. Brian tells the boys. “I take it back what I said about having tame adventures in the past. You boys rock.”
***

Three days later after much rest and helping Aunt Nellie and Quinn around the castle.  Chief Collins makes a final report to Aunt Nellie and the boys. “Higgins will pull through, though he will not have much use of the shoulder and arm for a while.  We have gathered all the evidence from Killarney. We have found the moving van, and its felons were arrested while trying to sell the artifacts.  We manage to bust up an artifact smuggling ring in the process. It would seem several of the Artifacts had geo tracking devices on them.  Jack and Conor have turned evidence against Higgins, as did Campbell and Lynch for pleas of guilty on lessor charges. Campbell will be disbarred as a solicitor.  As for those clan members who deserted Higgins after Nellie here, exposed his fraud.  Your Aunt Nellie has offered an Olive Branch to the Higgin clan. She won’t press charges against those who were tricked into believing Higgins claim of ownership. Many where facing accessory before and after the fact if they didn’t agree to end the ancestral feud officially and publicly. Higgins faces charges of Kidnapping, Fraud, attempted murder on two counts, knifing Jake, and threating to kill Roger with a deadly weapon. Theft, sale and smuggling of Irish heritage and artifacts. The loss of his medical license will be the least of it. He awaits trial in a prison psych ward in Dublin, gone batty I am told. Keeps telling his wardens he is Lord Higgins of Ennis, I own a castle, I am due your respect.” 
Collin’s added.  “Dr. O’Sullivan was called in to evaluate Higgins. He reports that Jonathan Higgins is not insane, just suffering from illusions of Grandeur and Narcissism. He is mentally competent to stand trial, fully aware of his crimes and why he committed them with intentional planning to fraud Lady Erin of her estate. I am afraid Higgins will be in prison for the rest of his life.  Secretly, I wanted to charge him for treason, crimes against the security of the Republic of Ireland. But, alas to do so, would mean revealing why, and risking exposure of state secrets. 
Officially, I can offer Lady Erin and the Grand Nine, the Republic of Irelands appreciation and these medals of gratitude for their service in the preservation of Irelands Heritage and prevention of loss of Irelands artifacts. Front and center Grand Nine. Sargent Evans, the medals please.” Sargent Evans steps up, with a velvet covered tray. Chief Collins, pulls the velvet off revealing 9 Gold medals strung on velvet ribbons in the Republic of Ireland national color Blue, trimmed in Gold and another special medal. “Grand Nine, for your bravery in the time of stress, Ireland honors you for your loyalty, and friendship to the preservation of Irelands heritage. Ricky Radameyer, Ireland thanks you.” Collins drapes the medal around Ricky’s neck. Jimmy Walker, Julius Caesar Rosenberg,  Ireland thanks you. Charles Andrew Capp, Ireland thanks their American patriot. Royal Grady Capp, Ireland thanks their American patriot. Jake Lake, for your bravery and being wounded in battle, Ireland thanks you. Roger Wilks, for your bravery in the face of danger, Ireland thanks you. Brian Moore, the Republic of Ireland officially honors a “Son of Ireland”. Dennis O’Tomas McKelly, for saving the life of a fellow American patriot, The Republic of Ireland honors a “Son of Ireland” and officially enters into the book of hereditary lineage and Irish Heritage, Lord Dennis O’Tomas McKelly of Ennis, in the county of Clare, in the Republic of Ireland.  Lady Erin Danielle McKelly, for your long service to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and to the Republic of Ireland, for your contributions in the preservation of Irelands Heritage, and you recent gift of your Ancestral home and lands, to the people of Ireland. The Republic of Ireland thanks you. The Garda of the Republic of Ireland honors you with the Honorary Rank of Chief Inspectorate and it’s gratitude for your services.” Collins takes from the tray a special medal of honor and pin’s it on Lady Erin Danielle McKelly. He whispers in her ear. “I thank you, if you would do me the pleasure of never feeding my Captains, their balls for breakfast again. It is so hard to find good men these days. Though eunuch’s are so much easier to handle.”
“Yes, Sir, duly noted.” Aunt Nellie salutes Chief Collins. 
“Dismissed”
The boys break rank, graduating each other. Lord Denny asked Aunt Nellie. “You should wears yours all the time Aunt Nellie, it looks handsome on you.”
“Oh, posh no, Denny. That would be to vain of me. I’ll just through it in my jewelry box with the rest of them. Now let’s see, there’s one from the Queen honoring my service in the MI-5, then there’s my Honorary medal as a Garda Sargent, Garda Captain, and now I can add Garda chief inspectorate. There’s one from the French government, India, Spain, and the King of Rock and Roll.”
“Come on Aunt Nellie, you can’t expect me to  believe Elvis gave you a medal for being a secret agent?” Jake challenged Aunt Nellie. 
“No, Jake, it wasn’t for being a secret agent. It was for being the President of the International Elvis fan Club.  He gave it to me personally.  I just loved the way he moved those hips.” Aunt Nellie walked away  singing “Blue Suede Shoes” her hips swaying back and forth.
Jake turns to Denny.  “She kidding right?”
“No, Jake, I’m seen it, it’s real and so are the rest.  Aunt Nellie swore us to secrecy if we ever told anyone she would have to kill us.” Denny said.
“She wouldn’t do that Denny.” Jake said.
Charley speaks up, we were once triplets, Jake, now we are just twins. Our sister once took one of her medals to show and tell at school. We haven’t seen her since.” For a minute there, Jake believes Charley, then picks a pillow off the lodge couch and throws it at Charley. Denny, Roy, and Charley break down laughing.
“Your aught go on stage Charley, I’m sure the people on Ward 4 will not find you funny.” Jake starts laughing. 
***

“I have asked you here to discuss what comes next in what remaining time of our stay in Ireland.” Aunt Nellie tells the boys. “This will be our last night in Ennis, we must return to Killarney to finish my business with Brian’s Father, and the rest of my tenants in the area. I have all the contracts back so I can hold to my promises.  Brian, I am thankful for your Fathers assistance in helping the boys while I was in St. Finan, and for your help in getting me out of there, and providing the evidence needed in linking Jonathan Higgins to my abduction.  I promised your Father I would honor his help by gifting him the building and the land it sits on.  I shall keep to the promise with one exception. If he and your mother would allow me to take you back to the states, to be educated in our fine public schools.  It is the least I can do for your courage in aiding me and my Wards. Would you like to come to Grand Apple Valley Junction, and join the boys as they finish their remaining years in high school?”
“Lady Erin, I would be...”
“Of course, he would Aunt Nellie, he could bunk with me.” Roy said.
“Not wait a moment here Roy boy, my room is bigger. He can bunk with me.” Charley said. 
“He will never get any sleep Charley you snore like a bear in hibernation.” Roy snorted.
“Twins stop it! Aunt Nellie commanded. “Brian has not even said yes yet, and his parents have the last word on this.” 
“I would be pleased to go to America Aunt Nellie. Just don’t let me sleep with the bear. I bunk with my older brother, and he snores like an elephant with a cold.” Brian reveals. 
“Hey, I think I should be insulted Brian.” Charley protests. Brian picks up a pillow and throws it at Charley. “Hey, who put my name on this pillow.” 
“It’s a designer pillow by Charly’, not Charley.” Aunt Nellie tells Charley. “Really nephew you need classes.” 
“Maybe, he could see them to duck more often.” Roy teased.
“Really you two you would think your where still 13 instead of 15.” Aunt Nellie stated.
“Roy’s 13, I am 15 Aunt Nellie” Charley protests.
“Don’t go playing those mind games with me, boy,” Aunt Nellie throws another Charly pillow at him.
“He is your twin brother.  Charley Andrew Capp, one more word out of you and I will leave you here in Ireland and take a changeling back with me. That goes for you too Roy Grady Capp. St. Patrick, drove the snakes out of Ireland, and left all the idiots behind.  Have your bags packed in the morning, I intend to be out of Ennis before I lose all my patience’s and leave you all behind!.” Aunt Nellie stalks out of the lodge lobby.
Jake, Jimmy, Ricky, Caesar, Roger, Denny, and Brian, look at the twins, if looks could freeze a flame of fire, the Twins would be frozen ashes. Seven boys get up and follow Aunt Nellie out of the lobby up to their rooms. The twins sit in the lobby, frozen lumps of ashes.  Staring at the walls, avoiding each other.  Denny returns to the Lobby, “I will be bunking in with Jake, Caesar and Brian. You will have the room to yourself. I Don’t know you two anymore. You better be in better behavior in the morning. Or you will have to answer to me. Go, to bed now that’s an order!” Denny turns around leaving the boys, sitting alone, thousands of miles away from home. The two sit in the lobby for what seemed like hours before they retired to their room.  They didn’t bother to change into Pj’s.  They crawled into one twin bed together back-to-back, eventually they fell asleep.
Morning came all too early for the twins, restless, slipping in and out of sleep. The eventually got out of bed, showered, and dressed.  They packed their bags and had them in the van before anyone was awake.  They sat in the dining room finishing off their breakfast when Denny came in, still in his Pj’s.  Denny saw the twins dressed and ready for the trip back to Killarney. “Charley, Roy...I’m sorry about last night, I didn’t mean to be harsh with you.  I am worried about Aunt Nellie, something is bothering her other then you two acting like clowns. The others feel it also.  Jake isn’t to please with you for not noticing it. I know you two well enough to know you do notice, your just too worried to admit it. That’s why you clown around so much. It’s your way to avoid facing things. Aunt Nellie’s right though, you’re not 13 anymore, you 15, I am not much older than you are. You are more than cousins to me, you are my brothers and as your older brother, grow up.  I like a good tease as much as the others do. You too need to realize that life isn’t all about a joke, or some prank you two can play on us.  If something is bothering you, you need to open up, if you can’t tell the others, tell me. We can work it out together.” Denny pleads with the twins. 
“Denny we are sorry, your right,” Charley speaking for the two of them.  “We have noticed something is bothering Aunt Nellie, she is not her usual self. Maybe it’s all these secrets in her life, coming back here has opened doors she thought she closed.  Now, that we know what those secrets are, she is worried that when we get back home. One of us might, well talk in our sleep, a slip of the tongue.  I know the Sheriff and Dr. Mom know about Aunt Nellie’s former life in the  MI-5, but I don’t think they will be happy to learn that just how close we came to losing Aunt Nellie, and Roger.  Who knows what Higgins would have done to her when he drugged and abducted her, leaving us stranded alone in Ireland? Jake being knifed, it could have been worse. Roy tells me he has nightmares seeing Roger, dead in the dungeon, with his head cut off. I am having the same nightmares, but mine have you in them, with Higgins sticking that battle axe in you. Roy and I are afraid that Aunt Nellie will be asked to leave.  It’s bad enough we get into our own mischief and adventures as the Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club, , then last summer at the Copper Ore lodge and now this. If the other parents find out, they could ask us to disband the group, and never let us out of Grand Apple Valley Junction again until we are too old to walk and feed ourselves.
“Roy, Charley, we are 15, by this time next year, we will be 16, then 17, then out of high school and out on our own. We will always be facing challenges in life, it’s a part of growing up. That rite of passage, remember. Yes, Ireland has not been the trip we planned. But life is like that, you never know what is going to happen around the next corner.  In time we will face some terrible losses.  Like Jimmy losing his father at such a young age. Look at Jimmy, he started the Grand Five, without even knowing his father was the first to have a Grand Five in his life. We are all better for it. Each time we add a new member, we become richer in so many ways.  Look at Jake, how he has become a better person because of the Grand Five.  Caesar, Ricky, and now Brian will continue the traditions of the Grand Five.  I am sure that the Grand Nine can stand behind Aunt Nellie and make sure she does not have to face the Grand Nine parents alone. We can assure her that we are able and capable of defending her, even lying for her if we have too.  We are not little kids anymore caught up in some fantasy were we need to blab to everyone how Aunt Nellie was a secret agent, and how she nearly got all of us killed in Ireland...”
“Denny, that I did, and it will haunt me for the rest of my life.” Aunt Nellie said.  Jake, Caesar, Ricky, Jimmy, Roger, and Brian step out from behind her.
“Aunt Nellie, you can count on us to chase those haunts away and defend you with lies and secrets. If our parents have to know anything it is how we stopped a smuggling ring from  stealing Irish artifacts from your castle.  How we overhead a plot to raid the castle. We told you and you told your cousin Garda Chief Inspectorate Collins in charge of Irish Antiquities and Preservation of Irish heritage.  Jakes cut on his arm, was just an accident, he bumped in to a suit of armor in the castle, an arm holding a sword fell and nicked his arm.  Your cousin has made it very clear that much of the details are hush hush, will never come to light. We can proudly show off our medals how the Republic of Ireland thanked us for busting up an Antiquities smuggling ring.  All in the days work of the Grand Nine. Just another harmless adventure for us.” Roger spoke for everyone.
“I don’t know how this old lady deserves such fine nephews and his friends. I promise you, no more perilous adventures.  I am staying home, baking snickerdoodles for the rest of my life. You can have your own adventures without me, and my past.” Aunt Nellie promised. 
“What, who’s going to rescue us Aunt Nellie?” Ricky said. 
Charley threw a Charly pillow at Ricky. “Boy that felt good to be at the throwing end for a change.”
***

In no time the van was packed, and the boys piled in.  Aunt Nellie as co-pilot and Jake at the helm.  They left Ennis and that terrible time behind them.  Aunt Nellie asked Jake not to rush back to Killarney, instead directed the boy to take a scenic route from west of Limerick along the Shannon River leading out to the North Atlantic sea, to Foynes, Ballylongford, Ballybunion, to Tralee, and down to Killarney.  With many a stop at interesting places, quint pubs for meals.  Even spent time at Ballybunion to stand on the beach of the Northern Atlantic sea. Now this was the Ireland they wanted to see. Back in Killarney late afternoon, they arrived back at Brian Moore’s folks, to a warm welcome.  Terry and his pals from the teen centered welcomed Brian back and his new American friends. Aunt Nellie had arranged for her tenants to meet at the Moore apartments.  Where she had a signing party living up to all promises accepting their bids and signing the sale contracts.  In private Brian’s Father received his contract, stamped paid in full, notarized and signed.  The party ran into the late evening, eventually Aunt Nellie retiring to her guest room, and the boys back to the apartment loaned by the Moore’s repainted and refurnished.
That morning, Brian got the good news.  He was going to America.  Aunt Nellie made arrangement with her solicitors in Dublin, faxing over Brian’s papers, school records, parents’ permission, and asking them to facilitate his passport.  She guaranteed Brian’s sponsorship and financial support, that he would be a foreign exchange student at Apply Valley High school that following fall. He would have all his travel requirements in order, his health report, and shots before arriving at Dublin. Two days later and another going away party by family and friends.  
The Grand Nine, and Aunt Nellie were heading back to Dublin to catch a flight later that week back to the states.  In Dublin, the boys visited the Dublin Zoo, the National Botanic Gardens. Aunt Nellie found the time to visit Cousin Collins and his family. She was introduced to Collins oldest granddaughter, the twins age. The day finally arrived with a late afternoon flight.  With their bags sent ahead to the Airport, Aunt Nellie took them to Blarney Castle early that morning.  At the Blarney Stone, where legend has it, the kissing the stone would grant you the gift of Gab.  Aunt Nellie warned the twins, in their case, it might reverse the gab they already had.  She then encouraged them to kiss the stone. Last in line behind the boys, the twins waited impatiently, the climb up to the stone was difficult, and they had to wait, Two at a time to climb up and kiss the stone and climb back down.  Behind the Twins, was an Irish lassie, the twins age, flirting with Roy asking him how he liked Ireland, and where he came from in the states.  Would he be staying in Dublin long. Sadly Roy told the lassie they were taking a flight back to the states that afternoon.  This was there last tourist stop.  He always wanted to kiss the Blarney Stone. He told her how his Aunt Nellie as a young lassie came here to kiss the Blarney Stone, instead kissed her first boy right at the blarney stone and was swept off her feet literally.  Charley and Ricky went up to the Stone, and back down again. Waiting for Roy to go up with the Lassie he was talking too.  When Roy, and the Lassie reached the stone, the Lassie, pulled Roy toward her, and planted a passionate kiss right on his lips.  Roy nearly fell down the stairs, stunned with a broad smile on his face.  The Lassie ran down the stairs laughing and hollering in joy and glee. Roy walked the stairs down, in a daze, until he reached Charley and Ricky.  “Did you kiss the Blarney stone Roy?’ Charley asked. The Lassie ran back up to Roy, and planted another kiss on Roy, then ran off.
“Nope” he told Charley, walked off leaving his twin and Ricky standing there with their mouth open catching flies.  Down on the castle grounds, the Lassie walks up to Aunt Nellie, “Mission accomplish cousin.” Then darts off.
On the way to the airport, Roy sits there with that dreamy look on his face.  Denny asks what was wrong with him. “I was kissed by a red headed lassie at the Blarney stone.” The boy jested with Roy, telling him it was the Blarney stone he kissed not some red headed Lassie.
“Its true Denny, Ricky and I saw it, she came running up out of nowhere, and planted a passionate kiss right on his lips.” Charley defended his twin.
“It was this girl he was flirty with behind us, they went up to the stone, then she comes flying back down laughing with joy.  Roy comes walking down with a dreamy look on his, face, then the girl comes back and plants a kiss on him.” Ricky tells the boys. 
“Two Kisses at the Blarney Stone, I am in heaven boys.” Roy sighs. 
“Oh, great a 10-hour flight back home, and we have to put up with lover boy here.” Says Charley.

The Grand Motto
“Our Grand Motto is about Friendship, Trust, and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty.  A member of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club can trust a friends discretion and be there for a friend when in need.  That is what Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty, is about.  Most importantly we never judge a book by it’s cover.  An open mind is important in life, growing up.  Respect means that we respect each other’s privacy when one says, “I can’t share this”, then we don’t pry.  Honesty is about emotions, never to be afraid to tell a friend they are behaving badly, or how they feel about each other.  One respects privacy when something is shared on a one to one between them.  May we always have each other’s back, through thick and thin to the end.  May we stand as equals, undivided. May we conquer our fears together in Friendship, in Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty.  May our foes tremble and fear the Grand Motto of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club.
###
