The Last Days of Play Play: Complete Edition
By
James Ellis Thomas
Copyright

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or used in any manner without written permission of the copyright owner except for the use of quotations in a book review.

The Last Days of Play Play: Complete Edition
Copyright © 2022 James Ellis Thomas.
Written by James Ellis Thomas.
Book Cover Design by ebooklaunch.com
“The Saturday Morning Car Wash Club” was first published in The New Yorker, July 10, 2000.
“Triumph of The Southside Ladyjacks” was first published in The New Yorker, November 15, 2004.

Contact: ruralroutepublishing@gmail.com
Dedication

This book is dedicated to the memory of my cousin, Ricky Owens.
Content

The Last Days of Play Play (2016 Novel Version)
Chapter One: Happy Hour
Chapter Two: The Viggity, Viggity, Viggity, Viggity, Va-Va-Va, Viggity, Viggity, Viggity, Viggity Viceroy of Valabama
Chapter Three: Enter The Fighters
Chapter Four: Benji, The Hunted
Chapter Five: Riot at Rochester
Chapter Six: Enter The Girl
Chapter Seven: Benji and The Girl Go Walking
Chapter Eight: Benji and The Girl Keep Talking
Chapter Nine: Benji and The Girl Go Swimming
Chapter Ten: Welcome to Adulthood, Man
Chapter Eleven: Boys Town, Part One
Chapter Twelve: Boys Town, Part Two
Chapter Thirteen: Egypt Bloody Egypt, Part One
Chapter Fourteen: Egypt Bloody Egypt, Part Two
Chapter Fifteen: Egypt Bloody Egypt, Part Three
Chapter Sixteen: Revelation
Chapter Seventeen: Mother
Chapter Eighteen: Hook in Mouth
Chapter Nineteen: The People Versus Benji of Boaz
Chapter Twenty: Let's Take It to The Stage
Chapter Twenty-One: For The Good Kids From Places Like This

Stories

The Last Days of Play Play (2022 Story Version)
Knuckleheads Save a Baby
Tanesha
A Candy Donna
Didn't Mama Ruthie Say Daawgh (Alternate Title: The Customer's Servant)
Triumph of The Southside Ladyjacks
Operation Cake Pop Go! Dance Crisis
The Saturday Morning Car Wash Club
Pure Hearts: Rock 'N' Roll Children
Got Me Out Here Fighting Them Astral Bastards* 

*Complete Edition exclusive
The Last Days of Play Play (2016 Novel Version)

Chapter One: Happy Hour
1
The crew of bullies sat perched on the benches of the outdoor tables of the barbecue shack. They were making faces at me while pretending to pour what I assumed was meant to be alcoholic drinks from their hoisted thumbs, mocking my mother, who was still, inexplicably, inside the liquor store as my three uncles and I waited in the car.
The leader of their bully crew, Vontavious, with whom I had graduated from high school earlier in the summer, shot me the bird as I sat trapped in my mother's junky old car. It was late afternoon on this late summer Friday, far too hot to be sitting in a hooptie with my three intoxicated uncles, far too hot to be immobilized and unsure of how to respond to being mocked, despite having years of experience of being mocked.
I felt like the loser that Vontavious had called me when I had quit the football team. I would have felt this way even if my former quarterback were not here to observe my loser status in action. I was embarrassed by my family, our appearance, their drinking, our rusty old, outdated car. I had always been ashamed of our low-income lifestyle, even if I shared it with the rest of Boaz.
“And some fried chicken,” ordered Uncle Pete, tossing a booze-moist bill up to the front, which landed on my open sketchbook. “Be sure to buy enough for everybody, Benji.”
“This isn’t enough money.”
“Sho ain’t,” laughed Uncle Pete.
He lit another cigarette. Uncle Pete was the youngest of the three brothers. My mother was the youngest of the four siblings. I had never met my father, had no idea where he lived, had only heard about him from my mother through half-hearted threats to “ship me off” to him when I misbehaved when I was younger. I rarely thought about his existence but whenever I did contemplate my father’s existence, I wondered if he behaved like my uncles (who were not his brothers-in-law because my father and my mother were never married). I wondered if he, too, smoked menthol cigarettes. I wondered if my absentee father dressed like my Uncle Tiny and Uncle Un, two big men who shopped in the big men’s department of the discount store, wore big men’s pool hall, earth tone suits. Or did he dress like Uncle Pete, a short, skinny man who wore a loud tropical pastel peach Hawaiian shirt to match our loud, coastal Alabama environment. 
We lived near the beach, but of the four of us in the car – Uncle Un and I up front, Uncle Pete and Uncle Tiny in the back – only Uncle Pete and I dressed like beachcombers (and only I took it even further by wearing my ever-present, paint speckled, floppy fisherman’s hat). I liked Uncle Pete because Uncle Pete liked to laugh. Laughing himself into a mentholated coughing fit, my favorite uncle tossed me a penny. I looked through the driver’s side window, watched Vontavious and his gang laughing at us. Vontavious liked to laugh, too.
“You’re wrong for that, Petey,” said Uncle Tiny, handing me a roll of bills from the back.  
The two men in the rear drank gin from red plastic Solo cups wrapped in paper towels. Uncle Pete drank his gin mixed with grapefruit juice. Uncle Tiny, on the right side of the back seat, was a gin man, as well, but he drank his gin mixed with lemon-lime soda. They would pair up in the rear to make it easier to pass the bottle. 
“Petey threw that boy a penny,” Uncle Tiny chuckled. “Seeing as how you’re about to go off to college next week, Benji, you ought to keep it, green penny or no. Get me some baked beans with my order, nephew. And some coleslaw.”
“Uncle Tiny,” I protested, eyeing the bullies at the barbecue shack, “I’m not going over there. Vontavious and his crew have been scrapping with me and my friends ever since I quit the football team. We hate each other. A week from now, I’ll be out of Smith and away from this nonsense for good. Look, we can get food from somewhere else. I’m not leaving this car.”
“Oh, yes, you is, college boy,” announced Uncle Un, the eldest, the largest, and the one I liked the least. He opened the front passenger side door and said, “I don’t care if those boys are the roughest roughnecks in Boaz. High school is over with, Benji. Be grown. You’re going over there.” 
 “I am not going over there,” I said emphatically, drawing in my sketchbook in a bid to escape this nightmare of embarrassment.
“Yes, you is,” said Uncle Un.
“No, I’m not.”
“Yes, you is.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Yes, you is.”
“No, I isn’t!” I declared and then paused. “I isn’t? Wait, what just happened?”
“You ain’t is gone is what ain’t is happened,” said Uncle Un. “Now ain’t it is, is it ain’t is not?”
I groaned. A street brawler I was anything but, yet a confrontation would surely be the outcome if I walked over to that barbecue shack. That crew had a tendency to pounce. 
“I’m not going over there,” I protested once again, looking straight ahead through the windshield. “I think I see Juicy at the cash register. She’s probably in there playing video poker. She’ll be right out.”
Uncle Un grimaced. It was not, I knew, because I had called my mother by her nickname, Juicy. No one would have cared about that even if I’d called my mother by her real name, Jalisa. I had grown up as one of those kids who called their mother the same thing as the grown folks called her. That said a lot about our relationship. It said a lot about me. 
“I ain’t gonna tell you again,” said Uncle Un, with more bass in his voice. “When somebody tells you to do something, you do it, nephew. Chop, chop!”
I heard the passenger side door hinge squeak, the sound of Uncle Un slowly pulling it toward him, the sound of him slowly making me captive in the car. This was becoming an event. I was always fascinated by how a moment became an event, a dispute became a beating. Uncle Un had never hit me. I got the feeling he was lamenting the fact now that I only had seven days left before I departed for college. He was very vocal about Juicy having never used corporal punishment to discipline me and my sister but especially me because I was the one who back-talked. I didn’t know why our mother never hit us when it was practically prescribed as a parenting technique in Smith, Alabama. It was one of the things I liked about Juicy. It sometimes made me feel guilty about her letting us call her by her nickname, about us preferring to call her anything but “mother.” She had her flaws. She had her graces.
“What in the hell?” shouted Uncle Pete from the back. I braced myself for a hard slap on the nape. Instead, he yelled, “Some sucker over there shooting me the bird! You believe this nonsense? Ill-mannered punk! Look at what your generation has to offer, Benji! A fist full of disrespect!”
We all turned our heads leftwards toward the barbecue shack. Indeed, there sat Vontavious, my old nemesis, holding up his right middle finger in the direction of our car. His right middle finger then morphed into the neck of a bottle from which he sipped. I knew the pantomime, meant to mock my mother while I waited for her outside the liquor store, was aimed at me. My mother was a drunk and had famously showed out at several school functions that Vontavious and others had witnessed. But Uncle Pete did not process the gesture as it was intended. Uncle Pete could barely process the alcohol flooding his system.
“You picked the wrong day, young blood,” hissed Uncle Pete between sips of his gin. “Gonna disrespect the disco generation? Not on my watch.” 
Quicker than soberly possible, Uncle Pete opened the back seat car door and was suddenly standing in the parking lot, red plastic Solo cup in one hand, lit menthol cigarette in the other. A “chaos agent,” Vontavious had once called me. But others were the instigators here, not me. This was just Boaz being Boaz. Our section of Smith, Alabama was known for public displays of aggression. There were no “you people” here. 
Were there?
“Petey, get your drunk ass back in the car,” laughed Uncle Tiny, chuckling at the spectacle of his inebriated brother rotating his fists like an old-timey boxer. “You don’t know them peoples.”
Them peoples, I thought. Maybe…
“Petey get your drunk ass back in the car, hell!” yelled Uncle Pete, stepping toward the barbecue shack. “I know that’s a disrespectful punk about to get a disrespectful punk finger snapped off, that’s what I know, I do know that!”
In the parking lot of the liquor store, staring directly at the nearby gathering of thugs, beneath the indifferent Alabama sun of a Friday afternoon, my Uncle Pete started disco dancing, a cup full of gin and juice and a lit menthol cigarette hoisted high above his head. 
Vontavious, as evaluated by all the people who evaluated such things, had already been declared the next rising star in college football. The next rising star in college football, my former quarterback, was known to hold up “Vee for Victory” fingers as his signature gesture. My Uncle Pete, as evaluated by all the breathalyzers that evaluated such things, had already drank enough gin to ascertain that Vontavious’ “Vee for Victory” fingers were remiss in flair and thus required a lapping tongue betwixt. 
“Vee is for Vagina!” announced Uncle Pete, in case his gesture was misinterpreted. “Ooh, this is some good pussy hole right here!” He then licked the crevice of his victory fingers and declared: “It’s poon-taviously delicious!”
The benches cleared.
2
Sitting in the car, outside the liquor store, waiting for my mother, it dawned upon me that being a “you people” might run in our family. Uncle Pete, now dancing The Electric Slide for the benefit of all within radius, looked to be too drunk to stand, let alone dance, let alone dance well as a taunt for my rapidly approaching nemesis.
In the years since I had quit the football team, Vontavious had achieved superstar status, both on and off the field. He was not from Boaz. He was a rich black person from what we considered the rich black people part of town. The sight of his expensive sports car parked in front of the best barbecue shack in one of the worst parts of Smith summarized so much of what I hated about my environment and why I was ready to leave it. Boaz wasn’t the absolute worst part of town. The absolute worst part of town was Rochester Estate, which bordered Boaz, and it was a genuine apartment complex drug den whereas Boaz was just what people called our low income neighborhood that connected into Boaz Boulevard, low income but probably not as low as I recall. We were in a town called Smith, Alabama, on the Gulf Coast. It was a football town, and I had, rather extravagantly, stopped playing football. What kind of young man were you in a football town if you didn’t care about playing or even watching football? What kind of a young black man were you? 
Vontavious had long been the boss, but by now, he was the big boss, the boss of bosses, the Big Bad. He was the final level, the add-more-coins-to-continue Il Duce of the crew of thugs who had bedeviled me throughout my grade school years. Vontavious was also known as "Vee Iz 4 Victor," "V4V," "Victor Newman," "Victor von Doom," and "Victoria's Secret Negro" a.k.a. "That Football Playing Quarterback Brother Jock Itch Supreme That Everybody Says You're Supposed to Forget About After High School But Benji Hadn't." He was a fellow scholarship recipient at the university we were set to attend next week, and, in actuality, only a threat to those who allowed him to be, but he was the big boss, nonetheless.
He was leaving Smith, Alabama a winner.
I was leaving Smith, Alabama with my sketchbook.
Charging over from that barbecue shack came a mountain of hurt. Vontavious held numerous athletic awards, many of which he had earned as star quarterback of our high school football team. He vaulted off the bench, jetted across the parking lot, sprinted toward our car like a high school recruiting prospect getting a look from a college football scout.
That’s exactly what he had been. And that’s exactly how he ran.
“Aw, hell naw!” exclaimed Uncle Tiny. “I didn’t think a meat locker could run that fast! Petey done done it now! Un?”
“Yeah-suh,” Uncle Un drawled, coolly shifting in the seat up front next to me. Uncle Un was halfway in and halfway out of the open passenger's side door. He was about to get involved, and I knew what the “yeah-suh” meant and what the shifting was for. And, more alarmingly, I knew why Uncle Un was incongruously cool. He was deciding whether or not to take a very specific course of action.
Uncle Pete, meanwhile, knew The Hustle, and he knew it well, doing it right up until and after Vontavious suddenly appeared before my uncle's disco dancing form.
“Keep playing the fool!” Vontavious roared, arms flexing, chest jutting, his height nearly a basketball goal taller than Uncle Pete’s. Flanking the eighteen-year-old athletic scholarship recipient was his usual pack of flunkies, six stump stupid SAT non-takers that I knew all too well from school. Vee Iz 4 Victor, the son of a preacher man, walled himself within a travelling congregation of sinners. These sinners, these hyenas — his boys, his pack — were in attack formation, all surrounding, all encircling, all primed to pounce when boss said pounce.
In addition to this superstar athlete and his entourage of thugs, a girl stood off to the side, away from the pack but obviously with them. Had I ever seen her before? She looked familiar. She was strikingly tall, taller even than Vontavious. She looked closer to hippie than disco, wearing a sun dress, sandals, rainbow beads, and voluminous natural hair. What was a black hippie doing in Boaz, in Smith, in Alabama, and seemingly in cahoots with the kind of bully who stomped on any and all things different? What the heck was going on? What new chaos was this?
I wondered again what was taking my mother so long in the liquor store. This was her preferred “package sto,” as the grown folks called it, a routine stop. Every so often, Juicy would encounter a new clerk at the cash register who was unfamiliar with her true age and thus deceived by her youthful appearance. Perhaps this was the case, she was being carded, or she was preoccupied with the store’s (illegal?) video poker machine. The most likely scenario was that she lacked enough funds for her purchase. If so, I imagined, quite rationally, my mother's purse was missing something that she needed — either her driver’s license or some cash. Did she even have her purse on her?
I opened the glove compartment, searched, but did not find her identification nor her money. Instead I found two envelopes, one I had been waiting for all summer, and another I knew nothing about. Ignoring the foolishness taking place outside of the car, I started to open the envelope addressed to me, discovered that both pieces of mail had already been opened. 
Suddenly out of nowhere, some old dude with dreadlocks walked up and placed a flier under the windshield wipers of our car. Uncle Un reached out and grabbed it, prepared to ball it up and throw it at the old guy but the man had shuffled off too quickly. The flier read: “A Night Out Under The Lamp: Come Celebrate The College Ascension of Smith’s Favorite Son, Vontavious.” It advertised a festival for this jackass, one week from today. I sighed at the notion of being stuck here in Boaz for that amount of days, hours, minutes, seconds. 
“Superstar, huh?” mocked Uncle Pete, escalating the standoff with Vontavious. “You’d best go on about your business, sport shoes. Unlessin’ you’re in the market for an attitude adjustment. If that’s your aspiration in the nation then — beep, beep, vehicle in bay four — I’ll tune you right up!”
My mother had opened mail meant for me. That was nothing new. The envelope contained a letter from the art scholarship committee that was partly funding my college tuition. Attached to the letter was my scholarship check. My scholarship check! I thought it had already gone straight to the college! 
Stranger still that it was made out to me instead of the school, but then again, my experience with this mysterious scholarship had been frustratingly enigmatic throughout senior year, from application to acceptance. Obviously this was a mistake, but my mother’s possession of the check was not an accident. How long had Juicy been keeping it from me? I looked at the date on the check and on its accompanying letter – at least a week, evidently. My hands started trembling out of anger. The other envelope from in my mother’s glove compartment, the opened one addressed to her, was less aggravating and more routine. The sender was a law office. 
 “It’s the day of the dog!” declared Uncle Pete to the circle of thugs. “I’m that Rottweiler they forgot to feed! I’m that pit bull they abandoned by the road!”
The confrontation outside of the car was growing too heated to ignore. I needed a diversion or else my sudden rage would cause me to black out from the sheer Juicy-ness of my opened mail. 
For Uncle Pete, it was show time in the parking lot. There was no way under the blazing Alabama sun that he could defeat that pack of muscle bound thugs, but he could make them look like idiots for taking him seriously. 
“I’m in your head,” sneered Uncle Pete, bouncing on his heels as he punched the air, his red plastic cup still in hand, his lit cigarette he flicked at Vontavious. "How do you like these apples, sport shoes?" Uncle Pete cupped his testicles. "Do you find them to be tart? Are they too full of vitamins A and C? Don't you want to eat the skins? That's how you get the vitamins, young one. By eating the skins. Of my balls. It’s chow time, you mesh wearing, constant interception throwing, unsportsmanlike, end-zone celebrating —"
Vontavious punched Uncle Pete in the mouth.
Uncle Pete responded to being punched in the mouth by swaying backwards, a model of ragdoll physics, as if Vontavious had swung at a mannequin anchored into the ground by a giant iron spring. He almost dropped his red plastic Solo cup but steadied himself before it spilled.
 Undoubtedly, the hit had hurt, but I think the alcohol had more to do with Uncle Pete’s high pain threshold than anything else. After righting himself, he resumed disco dancing directly in front of Vontavious. The quarterback fumed at Uncle Pete’s shenanigans. I figured this show would be over after the next punch (unless Uncle Un got involved), so I took the opportunity to get another look at the strange girl who was with Vontavious’ crew. She remained off to the side of the conflict but was staring back at me for some reason. I still had my head poked out of the driver's side window of the car, the two opened envelopes, their contents, my sketchbook, and the booze soaked cash amassed in my lap. I tipped my floppy fisherman’s hat at the girl. The girl waved back.
“He predicts your defeat!” Vontavious' main toady, Douglas, informed his leader. "He mocks your greatness, my liege, he mocks your greatness with his monkey shines! You beat that oldster down, Vee!” Douglas then rapped: “For Vee is for victory! The Viscount of Vistory! That’s ‘history’ with a ‘Vee’! See? Vee! My STD is a visease! You beat that oldster dibbity, dibbity, dibbity, da-da-da, dibbity, dibbity, dibbity down, jefe!”
“Apropos,” assessed Vontavious, "but at my discretion, yes, always at my...discretion. Play your position, Douglas. This old man is about to play his."
Almost as an afterthought, Vontavious slapped Uncle Pete’s red plastic Solo cup out of his hand. I watched the cup soar high into the air, arc, and then plummet into a nearby trash bin. Couldn’t miss a goal if he tried, that jerk. 
Then roared the villain Vontavious:
"For it is not for the average to demand of the great!”
That one I stored for later lampooning in my sketchbook. In the moment, however, I was nervous about three things: one, drunk Uncle Pete about to get his butt kicked by a person who lifted weights, two, drunk Uncle Un about to reveal what he had been shifting his body around for in the car seat next to me, and three, the contents of this envelope from a law office addressed to my mother. There was an odd sense of finality to this envelope. I hadn’t even read the letter yet, but it felt palpably final.
“Look-a-here, sweat pants!” warned Uncle Pete, unfazed. “I’m gonna school you about what’s average and what’s great! The meaning of disrespect, partner, oh, you’re gonna learn that today! Don’t worry, child, you’re gonna learn that to-DAY! I wipe until the paper is white!”
Uncle Pete squatted over the pavement and spread his knees. He reached back and placed his right palm on the car's left rear tire for balance. We were now back in grade school, back in the realm of comedic randomness. Usually I would have enjoyed this trip back to the glory days of doo-doo and such because I never truly left grade school humor, for better or for worse. But thanks to the pretty girl in our presence, I had reached a dizzying height of embarrassment — shame level ten, caught open-mouth kissing a bottle of Mrs. Butterworth syrup embarrassment — thinking that nothing else could possibly happen to best this mortification. As soon as I saw the girl’s eyes growing wide, I knew that my assessment was terribly, terribly wrong.
“I’m from the old school!” boasted Uncle Pete, now staring up at Vontavious, locking eyes with Vontavious as he pretended to take a shit on the ground, straining bowel movement groans and all. “We didn’t have the electrolytes back in my day, your highness, we had — unnnngh — the garden hose water! We didn’t have the vitamin suppositories, your majesty, we ate the — unnnngh — unwashed fruit to obtain our nutrients! Caesar, we ate — unnnngh — the unwashed apples! Now doth the vitamin rich dump-out that this plebeian doth before you dump-ith, my Magna Carta, on thine hallowed and sanctified court —"
Vontavious punched Uncle Pete in the jaw. This time, the hit was so hard, Uncle Pete kept talking as if he had not been punched in the jaw. He kept talking. And shitting.
"Final warning, pontiff," groaned Uncle Pete, still pretending to shit out, though the air now verified a different truth. “Final —”
Vontavious bashed Uncle Pete on the top of his head, hammering down angrily as if he were striking a misaligned nail. He clasped both of his hands together and hammered down again. And then again. And then again. It looked like a game of Whack-a-Mole, except the mole was drunk and the whacking had enough force behind it to swell Uncle Pete’s brain.
"Violate him, Mt. Vontavious Erupting!" yelled Douglas, the sycophant hype man. He then rapped: "For Vee is for violator! Va-va-va-Victor Hugo Humongous! Is there a vegan among us? Bitch, sniff my meat and eat a vonion!"
 “Un!” yelled Uncle Tiny.
“Gun!” yelled someone who saw it.
“Vonion? Funyuns! Pickles? Dill! Your mama said Vontavious is The Vagisil of Massengill! aaaaaaaaaaawwwwwWWWWW! Black Santa? Cocoa Fanta? He’s the viggity, viggity, viggity, viggity, va-va-va, viggity, viggity, viggity, viggity Viceroy of Valabama!”
“Get off my fibula!” cried Uncle Pete beneath a torrent of blows and kicks from Vontavious and his squadron of goons. And then, incongruously from beneath the pile, Uncle Pete shouted, “Ringside analysis, Benji! Color commentary! Do you think I ought to give him one more warning?”
What I thought was irrelevant. How I responded to this incident would set into motion events far more calamitous than the present could possibly portend.
“Un!” bellowed Uncle Tiny once more from the back of the hooptie, and when I saw the pistol suddenly real as steel in Uncle Un’s hand, I did not think about Vontavious at all. I did not think about my or anybody’s race at all. I did not think about how we looked. I did not think about how we behaved. I did not think about how black people should act. I did not think about how a Boaz resident should respond. 
I slid across the front seat of the car, stopped directly behind the steering wheel, turned the keys that were hanging from the ignition, and then I drove my mother’s car straight into the liquor store.
Chapter Two: The Viggity, Viggity, Viggity, Viggity, Va-Va-Va, Viggity, Viggity, Viggity, Viggity Viceroy of Valabama
1
Some were calling it the gentrification of Boaz. Rent was going up, poor people were being driven out, businesses were moving in that sold goods and services at inaccessibly high prices. As I had spent the majority of my eighteen years dreaming of leaving this neighborhood, of leaving Smith, Alabama, my perspective on the matter was biased. I didn’t really care about who was moving in or who, other than me, was moving out. Yet even my apathetic self was startled by the rate of the evictions that summer. Boaz families were losing their homes so often that a crew of house cleaners had, rudely, rented a house on our street. 
According to the law office letter that I now read at length, that crew would soon be paying a visit to the very house in which I now stood. Gentrification or not (it was a hotly contested definition for activists, like my sister, who cared about such issues), my mother had screwed up. I had screwed up that afternoon by crashing the car into the liquor store, of course, but my mother, as usual, had failed to do something in the long run that was suddenly threatening to bring our current run to a very abrupt end. Disconnect notices and collection agency calls were one thing, but this letter had a definitiveness to its wording that read like an obituary. But did I care about being evicted from a house I couldn’t wait to leave? Was I bothered by the ticking of a doomsday clock if the clock wasn’t ticking for me?
“Seven days,” I said, alone in the kitchen with the law office letter in my left hand and my scholarship check in my right. “Seven days until I leave for school. Seven days until we lose this house.”
“Man plans,” said an incoming partygoer. “God Two laughs.”
“What?”
There was a house party taking place at my mother’s that evening. Typical for a Friday night, Juicy was hosting a party, despite the day’s calamitous events. There was more of a crowd than usual gathered outside in the front yard and beneath the Tiki torches and palm trees out back, probably due to news of my car crash. 
Near to where I stood in the kitchen, large clumps of ice that had stubbornly remained frozen together out of the bag now sat in the sink, waiting to be stabbed into chips. An ice pick lay on the counter. The stranger, a stupidly beatific expression on his face, nodded at me. I didn’t return the gesture. Today seemed to be slim pickings for elders getting respect from the youth.
“I plan on you chipping me up a cup of ice, young man,” said the stranger, an old black dude with a salt-and-pepper beard and natty gray dreadlocks. Was this the same homeless-looking man who had placed that flier on our car? He was obviously intoxicated on whatever potion he was imbibing, some mixed drink, I guessed, that looked like watery green oatmeal. I was accustomed to random freaks showing up at these parties but this guy was something else. 
The stranger continued, smiling as he told me: “Here’s some wisdom, kiddo. If you want to know the secret to living a life of mental health, know only the present. Live in the now, not the then or the will-be. Be present in your present. Your mindful task to provide me with ice is your only concern.”
“Is that supposed to be funny?” I snapped. “I don’t know you. But I’m sure you heard about what I did to my mother’s car this afternoon. Quote me another fortune cookie, creeper.”
I stared him directly in the eyes. The stranger correctly perceived that he would not receive chipped ice from me at the moment. He raised his left hand to stroke his nappy gray beard, tugged on his nappy gray dreadlocks. He glanced at the ice pick, laughed and cautioned, “Careful with that dagger, Macbeth,” and then he exited the kitchen. “Crazy old man,” I spat, pocketing the eviction letter and the scholarship check in my jeans. “How do crazy people make it to that age?” I said, talking to myself. “How do they get that crazy?” I said, talking to myself.
This party annoyed me to the point of aggravation. Juicy could not have known that I would drive her car into her favorite liquor store that day. Yet judging by the opened state of the two envelopes I had discovered in the glove compartment before the wreck, she had known about the eviction notice. According to the letter, our landlord had given appropriate warning several weeks ago but only seven days remained of the allotted time. Seven days! So, of course, my mother went ahead with a house party that night. A runaway hooptie could not have stopped her partying. In fact, it had aided it. 
This is what had occurred in the wake of my crash through the store front: emergency responders, police, and onlookers be damned, Juicy had, undeterred, obtained her booze at the liquor store that afternoon but had not paid for it, even after I had driven her car into the store. The liquor store clerk, Juicy, and the other customers had been standing at the cash register located far enough away from the glass pane front that I had crashed into, so no one had been harmed. They had been, understandably, shocked by the crash, shocked enough that the clerk had not noticed the stylishly dressed woman — unpurchased bottles in hand — running through the wreckage to check on her son.
“Benji!” my mother had screamed, peering into the wrecked car and cradling four quarts of gin. “Un? Tiny? Are ya’ll alright?”  
“No,” I had said, dazed and possibly concussed. 
“Benji?”
I had not unwittingly rammed the car into my mother when I had driven it through the front of the liquor store that afternoon — verified. None of the car occupants had been injured, and I had not accidently run over Uncle Pete during my attempt to maneuver Uncle Un and his gun away from the scene of the fight — also verified.
I had, however, rolled a car over Vontavious. I had driven over his throwing arm, to be exact. 
I had injured, to what extent unknown by me as of yet that Friday evening, the celebrated quarterback’s throwing arm, the arm of the preordained “next big thing” who was due to start college next week. I had endangered the future of Smith, Alabama’s favorite son, the “Viceroy of Valabama,” as Douglas had rapped. The extent of the damage to his arm — “Vee Iz 4 Unverified.” 
“Know only the present,” the stranger had counseled.
Well, even if chipping ice for that stranger had, indeed, been my only concern, I did not anticipate a life of mental health any time soon, regardless of what activity I chose with which to distract myself. I couldn’t stop thinking “Why now? Why is all this happening at once and right before I’m about to leave for school?” 
In my possession, I had two documents from two very different sides of the universe: a piece of paper that mapped a wormhole out of Boaz and a piece of paper that could potentially drop my mother and me down from the mud rung to the mud of Smith itself – Rochester Estate, where the residents were also losing a battle with property management. And now, thanks to my driving over Vontavious’ throwing arm, both sides of the universe were sure to be talking about the same issue, all of the races folded together, sucked into the same black hole, dimensionally adrift in my good old friend, chaos.
Vontavious was leaving Smith, Alabama with a broken arm?
I was leaving Smith, Alabama as the guy who had broken it?
2
Grown folks didn’t like me. Grown folks liked to hear about black boys playing sports and talking sports. I didn’t do either. I didn’t begrudge the boys who did play and talk sports. I used to be one of them. My friends, though they had been prevented from playing football for school thanks to Vontavious, still played and talked sports. 
I also didn’t begrudge the grown folks for their dislike of me, the sarcastic, cynical artist who spent hours upon hours alone in our backyard storage shed that I had converted into my art studio, the me who drew and drew in my ever-present sketchpad, my pencils and my paper as much a part of me as talk of play-offs and statistics for the majority of Smith males, regardless of race or class. 
Such was the case when I walked into the gathering of grown folks in the TV room during that Friday night house party after my wreck. The guests were watching Vontavious highlight footage as if the reports that I had driven over his throwing arm were tantamount to my having had killed him. 
I chuckled to myself, the opportunity to be funny so tantalizing. This was too easy. It got easier the more I stood there being ignored, which is what the grown folks tried to do to the young folks they didn’t understand, or in my case, the ones they didn’t understand and actively disliked.  
I located the remote control, changed the channel to a television show that documented police chases, and — flipping the channel back and forth between the football game and the cop show — I announced to the grown folks in the room, “Before,” with the channel on the cop show, “After,” with the channel on the football game. I did this a couple of times and then made a pronounced pause in which I said, feigning confusion, “Or is it…” and then reversing the description, “Before child support ruling,” with the channel on the football game, “After child support ruling,” with the channel on the cop show, on images of black males being chased by law enforcement officers. I literally got a vegetable thrown at me, a piece of celery one of the grown folks had been eating with their chicken wings.
“It’s a joke about negligent fathers,” I explained, “not a joke about black fathers. I don’t see race.”
“And you didn’t see Vontavious, either,” one of them said, eying me with contempt. “Mr. Magoo,” she continued, cutting herself off as if to not say something more toxic. The angry partygoer, who was sitting on a couch, suddenly shot up and snatched the remote control out of my hand. She switched the channel back to Vontavious’ game footage. She then decided her toxicity needed venting after all and said, seething, “Oddball! I don’t know how Juicy raised somebody like you!”
“Oh, that’s easy,” I quipped. “She didn’t.”
This time I got hit with the chicken wing.
Ah, the present that the old dude with the dreadlocks wanted me to focus upon. In seven days, this present would all be gone. These Vontavious worshippers wouldn’t have a house to party in, not this one or the ones from which they themselves would inevitably be evicted. I wanted to yell at them that the guy on the television, their hometown sports hero, loudly and repeatedly degraded them for being unlike him and his tier of Smith citizens — prosperous and anointed — whereas I was needling them for taking their sports heroes — that one in particular — so disproportionately serious. 
Watching him celebrate a victory on the television screen, watching him throw up his “Vee is for Victory” Vee fingers, the grown folks in that room were watching a phenom on the brink of becoming a legend. But I’d taken care of that, hadn’t I? I mean, it was an accident, right?
Uncle Pete entered the room. I knew something was off the second that I saw him. He looked like he had lost his buzz. When he stepped closer, I saw that his cup of gin and juice had been replaced by a clear glass of water. I noted the lack of the alcohol, the missing fumes that usually surrounded him. Since I took my comedic cue from Uncle Pete, it felt anomalous to witness this somber vibe. He seemed changed by the wreck, still rattled, perhaps, and upset in a way that I could not bring myself to be.
“What’s up, Uncle Pete?” I asked, realizing that I — the one who had wounded Vontavious — seemed to be the least concerned with the fallout. No matter what happened here in Boaz, I was about to leave. Nobody could touch me. We should have been celebrating my departure, not mourning a bully’s injury. 
“This is some serious business,” whispered Uncle Pete, staring at Vontavious on the television. “Anybody heard anything from the hospital yet? Has Cherrelle called? He was the only one that got hurt, wasn’t he?”
“The only one that matters,” said the angry woman who had snatched the remote control from me. “How in the world this inevitable active shooter here ain’t in jail is just plain ridiculous. And from what I hear, you were out there instigating, too, Pete.” Uncle Pete opened his mouth but before he could speak, the woman snapped: “Don’t act like you don’t know who did or didn’t get hurt, you consistently drunk, coonin’ motherfucker! Drunk-ass nigga!” 
The more she talked, the angrier she became. I knew this angry woman as one of my mother’s co-workers from the pork processing plant, a friend of hers named Monique who lived in Rochester Estate. She was one of several of these frequent partygoers who, on the rare occasion I tried to have a conversation with, interrogated me as to why I didn’t have a girlfriend. They also joked that I was out back in the storage shed building a bomb. So it was no surprise that the angry woman informed the room that, “Vontavious didn’t have no business being down here in Smith with these triflin’ ass so-and-so’s when he should’ve been up at school, training. He’s supposed to be starting school next week!”
“Hey, I’m starting school next —”
“Is his arm really broke?” she continued, talking over me. “Lord Jesus, did this oddball nigga break his arm? And where is Un?”
“Hel-lo,” I said, perturbed. “This person who drove over Vontavious’ arm is standing right here. Lord Jesus isn’t. You people can see me, right?”
Uncle Pete found his voice before I could drill any farther down the hole of sacrilege and disrespect. He said, “They’re holding Un down at the police station for having that pistol on him.” It struck me that Uncle Pete, good old Uncle Pete, had become one of them, had joined the ranks of the humorless zombies as if he hadn’t been trying to fight Vontavious earlier that very afternoon, as if he weren’t, arguably, the catalyst that had set the whole debacle in motion. Even if it was just a temporary sobriety brought on by the shock of the wreck, it was this consequence that saddened me more than what I had done to Vontavious. I think that’s what Uncle Pete had sensed, like everybody else at the party was sensing — I really, really did not feel bad about what I had done.
“It was an accident,” I laughed, chuckling that hey-guys-don’t-be-so-serious-chuckle, my testimony unconvincing, my credibility fading the more I tried to explain myself. “I don’t even know why they took him to the hospital. He looked fine when —”
“Nigga, go get me some ice!” snapped Uncle Pete, shoving his glass of water at me. I was so stunned by his curt, commanding tone that I just stood there, motionless, the overflow splashing onto my shirt. I was about to say something to diffuse the tension, attempt a joke, when he said, “Don’t make me tell you again, nephew,” and I felt, rightly or wrongly, that absolutely nobody in that room cared about my future. As long as Vontavious’ future was in jeopardy, my present, to them, had about as much worth as my past. 
Loser.
I left the room without being noticed.
Chapter Three: Enter The Fighters
1
Saturday began the countdown to my mother and me being evicted. It was also six days until I was due at the college. Both of those scenarios could not occur. Either I would use the scholarship money to save our house or I would use the money as it was intended. University bound or GTFO, as I saw things. But according to my mother’s observation from Friday night: “Your college money is more than enough to pay off the house note. And the damage to the liquor store. And that boy you ran over. And my wrecked car. Those bills are a consequence of your negligence, Benji. Don’t try to scurry out from under the shit storm you caused. You know you don’t give a dern about this house, and the only boxes you care about packing are your own.”
She had exhaled a jet of smoke from the side of her mouth.
“Besides,” continued my mother, picking up a nearby ashtray. “That money coming to you like it did — instead of going to the school — that money can be used to make more money. You can go to the community college like your cousins are doing. At least for a year. Why not two years then transfer? Save up, have more money in the long run. They have an art program at the community college.”
“I’m sure they do,” I responded, slowly. “But the scholarship is not for their program.”
“Don’t start acting cute, Benji. You know I got to that check. It’s made out to you. Obviously in error, but it’s made out to you. You can do whatever you want with that money.”
And now here it was Saturday morning and I still had no idea what to do. Smoke? Draw? Smoke and draw? I found an intact cigarette amidst the house party wreckage and brewed a strong cup of coffee. I ate some leftover finger food as my breakfast. I then exited the house for the backyard storage shed that I had converted into my art studio. I’d equipped it with as many of my supplies as I could and still have enough space to move around in, including lamps to light my drawing table and a box fan to challenge the humidity. One window allowed for ventilation and I usually kept the door open when I was painting. Friday night had failed to drop the temperature below eighty degrees, so opening the window was my first priority. 
While I waited for the shed to air out, I stood outside and smoked the cigarette and drank my coffee. Then I sat at my desk and went to work. My morning’s task was to illustrate these words: 
“Hither came The Jetzlars, with swords in hand, with purpose in heart, with vengeance in blood, with steel, with iron, to slay, to reave, to crush the gilded crowns of earthly rulers beneath their war walked boots.” The words were by an African-American fantasy writer named Alexander Summers from his novel, Hither Came The Jetzlars, a work that I hoped to one day adapt into a comic book series. Summers was hip to what I was trying to do — create action-adventure heroes from poor environments. 
 “But this is not good enough!” I declared, ripping out a page from my sketchbook. “I’m a lazy, derivative, pop culture mind-rotten hack’s hack!” For every page that I kept, thousands had carpeted that oily shed floor. I tore out another drawing and said, “If only there was a way to merge this realism —” I ripped out a previous sketch of embarrassed kids sitting in the welfare office “— with this fantasy —” I spread my fingers across a drawing of proud warriors battling a horde of orcs. “Oh, shut up, you oddball! Hood hero fantasy? Underclass warriors from Alabama? It doesn’t work, you art-illiterate phony. Some other student deserves this scholarship check. Oh, shit. My check!”
I was wearing the same jeans I had worn yesterday. As soon as my hand recovered nothing but the eviction letter from my pocket, I jumped up from the desk, cursed, and ran out of the shed. 
“Mo-ther!” I called, using Juicy’s proper title for once.
2
Times like this made me wonder how I would fare, not just at college, but away from the city of Smith in general, the neighborhood of Boaz in particular. Here I was, stomping down the sidewalk on a sunny Saturday morning, passing lawn mowers and car washers and kids at play, on a blind hunt for my mother and my scholarship check. 
What other soon-to-be freshman was doing this? The incoming students that I had met at campus orientation over the summer had seemed oppressively normal. Most of them already knew the answers to the questions I had been too embarrassed to ask. They had appeared prepared and ready to conquer the world, their bright-eyed assuredness surely to be featured on the cover of next fall’s college catalog. I could not imagine any of them, six days away from arriving on campus, searching their neighborhood streets for their mother, images of cashed scholarship checks and slot machines flaming their floppy fisherman’s hat covered heads. 
“You looking for that rock?” came a voice, sudden and ominous behind me. “You trying to be a rock star, young blood?”
Before I could maneuver to see who was creeping, a punch landed on the back of my head. Vontavious? A wet finger slammed inside my right ear. Douglas! The finger swirled. And then I smelled burning popcorn, the fragrant notes of my cousin’s Dollar Store cologne.
“Chump!” yelled Free Love, jumping out from behind me. “Benji, did you dook? I bet Benji dooked!" He sniffed the air. "Doo Doo Brown! Ladies and gentlemen, we got dookie!”
Before I could confirm or deny defecation, my other cousin, Efrem-Felix, immediately jumped out from behind a tree and onto the sidewalk next to Free Love. He assessed my startled response with a brusque, “Still no situational awareness, Crayons.” 
Hither came The Jump Out Boys. 
“When is this going to get old, Free?” I asked, wiping his saliva off my ear lobe. “I thought The Jump Out Boys were beefin’ with DB. All JOB or no JOB, right? All serious, all the time. No more play play. I thought the days of trying to scare me into crapping my pants were over.”
“Play play ain't never over!” laughed Free Love. “And doo-doo ain't never played out! The day The Jump Out Boys retire from instigating brown will be the day the word 'dookie,' nay, the concept of 'dookie,' the sheer essence of doo-doo and farts and all functions bodily fail to get a laugh! That day is not upon us, cuz, so get down with the brown! BM, baby! Dook them drawers!”
He kicked me in the butt.
“Ow!”
Free Love giggled. A muscular, jovial giant was Free Love, his titanic stature accentuated by his towering afro. This was the son of Uncle Tiny. Next to him on the sidewalk stood his diminutive battle buddy, Uncle Un’s son, my other cousin Efrem-Felix, who mirrored his gun-toting father’s taciturn nature. Even in the midst of this horseplay, Efrem-Felix was staid, bordering on laconic, the unimpressed yin to Free Love's gregarious yang. Both of them were — like all seven of The Jump Out Boys — astonishingly muscular gym rats, Free Love so much so that his sculpted physique invited descriptions such as “Herculean,” “colossal,” and “Schwarzenegger.” Yet the duo also contrasted — tall one/short one, affable one/coolly observant — cousins differing in that complimentary manner which destined them to be partners, even if they hadn’t been related. 
I was the odd man out, the bookish indoor kid amongst the guy’s guys who played basketball from sunup to sundown, the sports-loving dudes who could get together a game at a funeral if the deceased had on his Chucks. Sports and comedy. Games and farts. We were bound by blood but also bound by an appreciation for absurdity. Humor, in all its variations, kept us afloat from the muck of self-pity, the hell rung that was so devastating that it wasn’t even on the low-income ladder, it was straight up in hell. 
Humor gave us a buoy. For example, Free Love’s real name was Frederick. Since there was nothing inherently funny about the name Frederick, the bullies who used to pick on us Boaz kids for being part of the free breakfast and free lunch program at school had decided that Frederick needed to be known as “Free Lunch.” Frederick did not like being known as “Free Lunch.” To correct the situation, once my cousin’s muscle mass and fighting skills had developed, he didn’t go around beating up people who called him Free Lunch. Instead, the peacenik powerhouse offered “Free Love” as an alternative to the bad vibrations of bullying and peer cruelty. He grew out his afro because he said it would be rude to wear the other preferred hairstyles of the day when there were still afro picks being sold at the Dollar Store. Some thought he was advocating a return to natural black style and soul power — and he was, in a fashion. Afro picks, especially the ones with the Black Power fist handles, were, according to Frederick, ideal for prolapsing the bleeding rectums of the bullies who refused his peaceable offer of…Free Love. 
Efrem-Felix kept his head shaved like a monk. A Shaolin monk. 
Hours spent watching footage of Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment victims could not have inoculated me against laughing at how seriously Efrem-Felix studied his Kung-Fu films, his Mixed Martial Arts videos, his action-adventure movies. I deemed his hobbies comparatively corny because they were grounded in reality whereas my fantasy entertainment didn’t bother with the constraints of authenticity. One could train to emulate Bruce Lee but good luck trying to cast a “real spell” like Gandalf. I perceived Efrem-Felix’s sports and soldier preoccupation as too close to fascism for my comfort. Ultimately, this gatekeeper attitude of mine was what had contributed to my split from The Jump Out Boys, or JOB, as they had started referring to the collective when Efrem-Felix had steered them away from my comedic origins and toward his street vigilantism. The origin story of The Jump Out Boys was hotly contested.
The straight man in most regards, essentially, bespectacled and blunt, Efrem-Felix always directed the juvenile comedy that Free Love and I favored back toward the shadows. It didn’t take long for the conversation to turn to his father, Uncle Un, who, for all I knew, was still in police custody for the pistol he had on him yesterday. I inquired.
“His lawyer is Lowball Larry,” grumbled Efrem-Felix, “so you know the answer to that question. What are you doing out here anyway? Mighty cavalier of you, partner, showing face like this. A might risky move. I told you that JOB doesn’t have your back anymore. If I were you —”
“You’d take the first bus to campus,” I finished. “Popular advice. My sister said the same thing but leaving isn’t an option right now.”
“Shoot,” warned Free Love, “you’d better make it an option. And I mean with a quickness. That bounty Vontavious put out is real. Hit list real.”
“Ehh,” I scoffed. “And he would risk such foolishness this close to starting college because why exactly?”
“Because of your smart mouth, exactly,” said Free Love. “Partner, you got bounty hunters on your okey dokey ass. I’m talking hardlegs, Benji, roughnecks — junkyard dogs just a-scrapping for a bite of that kibble Vontavious done rained on these streets. I’m talking The Clothesline Crew, I’m talking The Dixie Bastards, I’m talking The Houser Brothers, The Warriors and The Wanderers! Cuz, I’m talking Uptown Pookie and Them Abbott Street Kids!”
“Pshaw,” I dismissed, waving my hand. “As long you’re not talking Downtown Pookie. Uptown Pookie I can evade with a bus transfer.”
“Keep on playin’,” cautioned Efrem-Felix. “Keep on playin’. I saw on TV they had a guy could paint with his feet. What a happy fool he was. Armless. But happy.” 
I yawned. 
Efrem-Felix shook his head, frowning at Free Love as if to say “see, I told you,” and then he continued: “Okay, bad ass. Speaking of arms and you not having them, let’s talk about who else is gunning for you. Remember that insane white boy who started DB, our old wrestling buddy, that ten-ton racist maniac who calls himself God Two?”  
I belched.
“Bet you remember The Ladyjacks,” Free Love added, which caused me to stumble. “Cuz, if you get beaned in the back of the head by some broke bitches with softball bats, I’ll have no choice but to secure my jollies from your predicament.”
I recovered from my tumble off the sidewalk and stood motionless, staring at the doomsayer duo. Every word that had come out of their mouths was so ridiculous, I immediately started laughing. Hearing about The Ladyjacks struck me as particularly amusing. I recalled their leader, Rocket Rodriguez. Rocket had led The Ladyjacks to multiple softball championships as their captain in high school and had then subsequently convinced them all, girls of varying backgrounds, into cutting their hair like she did, Punk Rock style. It was comedy gold. I couldn’t get enough of them. I mean, their heads were so pointy. They looked like they were wearing page boy wigs shaped like Hershey’s Kisses. I mean, how could I not crack wise when they had debuted their new look, en masse, by storming into the gym during a pep rally for the football players? 
It was too good — an awesomely butch invasion of musclebound female pinheads palm-smacking their aluminum bats like riot police ready to crack some skulls. Snatching the microphone away from a trembling cheerleader, Rocket Rodriguez had roared, “Smith High School has no pep rallies for the softball players? We are your true champions, Smith, not these pampered babies! Prepare to go down!” 
I leapt up from the bleachers and shouted, “Buy me dinner first, hot pants!” and then started belly dancing. The laughs I was getting were cut short when Rocket pointed her softball bat at our location, at me specifically upon recognizing her familiar heckler. The next thing I knew, my neck was getting squeezed inside a swamp of hairy tomboy thighs. I haven’t belly danced since.
“Remember that insane white boy who started DB, our old wrestling buddy, that ten-ton racist maniac who calls himself God Two?”
Oh, did I. God Two was a four-hundred-plus-pound rival football player who had once tried to crack open my face with an elbow drop during our homecoming game. He had called me a racist slur. He hadn’t always been like that. God Two used to be known as “Double Wide,” a member of our backyard wrestling federation. Somewhere along the line, Abner (his real name) had “mutated,” so to speak. He had taken a turn for the hate. 
To wit, the phrase “WIFE POWER” was tattooed on Abner’s left arm, adorned with rolling pins that formed a swastika. His sick humor flew over most people’s heads. Abner flew lower. Hoggish body fat mapped an eldritch abomination of disability and welfare check tattoos, home addresses of liberal politicians, White Nationalist quotes, Confederate iconography and druggie humor that ultimately culminated in a definitive tattoo that simply stated, “I HATE OTHERS.” He and his gang, The Dixie Bastards, had recently graduated to the website of The Southern Poverty Law Center as an organized hate group affiliate. And boy did they hate. DB’ers wore wife beater T-shirts that displayed their motto, “YOU’RE CLOSE ENOUGH TO BLAME.” On these shirts, a running tally of Muslim terrorist victims. On these shirts, crimes against whites committed by people of color, mugshots and details emblazoned. Such baiting invited social outrage that sometimes led to a philosophical debate, sometimes a physical confrontation that Abner, in either instance, always won by simply sitting on his opponents, even the non-violent debaters and especially the Jewish and Jewish-looking-enough snowbirds. All the while, the villain framed his transgressions in “this is so over-the-top wrong” ironic detachment. The joke was on us, you see. It was Abner’s rumored DMT experience that may or may not have persuaded the behemoth to declare himself “a redneck atheist deity”: God Two. As his evidence that the first God had failed, Abner was known to quote, in equal measure, both Friedrich Nietzsche and Disney’s Song of the South — always in blue denim overalls, often in the food court at the mall.  
Thus I contemplated the dimensional portal I must have breached when I had crashed through the liquor store, now observing a madness closer to me on the sidewalk that sunny Saturday morning: "Many ways to die," whispered Efrem-Felix, pulling a throwing star out of his belt. "More ways to kill."
“And even more ways to stay dateless,” I laughed. “Not that I’m the Romeo. Meanwhile, Vontavious and this wack pack I’m supposed to be scared of are the least of my concerns right now. Have you two seen my mother?”
“I heard about the eviction,” said Free Love, soberly. “Hate to hear it, cuz.”
“Yeah,” acknowledged Efrem-Felix, half-heartedly. “Hate to hear it…cuz.”
Efrem-Felix and Uncle Un had been evicted from their home earlier in the year. His mother had refused to move in with Uncle Tiny and had left Boaz and a bitter Efrem-Felix behind. Eviction was a touchy subject in general, radioactive around our bespectacled cousin. It was no secret that his father smacked him and his mother around. Neither did he withhold the fact that his new defense against the proud, violent man was using what he deemed to be his father’s failure at maintaining both his home and his family. I suspected that Efrem-Felix enjoyed a bit of schadenfreude at the news that I, too, was about to join the ranks of the displaced, even if it only meant that I had no home to return to during breaks from the university. He and Free Love were set to attend community college in the fall. Efrem-Felix, who had a litany of issues with me, openly brandished his resentment.
“Hate to hear it, indeed,” repeated Efrem-Felix, examining his throwing star. “Eviction is a bitch.”
“Anyways,” said Free Love. “Aunt Jalisa just rolled past a few minutes ago. Rolled past in a car with Lowball Larry. She said they were going to Tio Manny’s to pick up some breakfast. We can probably still catch them.”
“What do you mean we?” spat Efrem-Felix, gazing hard at Free Love. “I done told Crayons here his move is to stay home. It’s a wonder Vontavious ain’t done ‘rolled past’ yet. Rolled past with a semi-automatic weapon hanging out the window. You gotta figure them bounty hunters are all over Tio Manny’s. You gotta figure that.”
“Bounty hunters,” I scoffed. “There is a very real possibility that the quality of my education will be decided by a Greyhound dog chasing a mechanical rabbit around a race track, and you two are up in a tree house playing grab-ass with action figures. It was the logo design, wasn’t it? Did I piss off JOB that bad?”   
Free Love, who had always been more willing to bail me out of entanglements, put his hand to his chin and assessed the situation. After looking up and down the street as if scanning for creepers, he declared, “Efrem-Felix, you four-eyed, Frosted Mini-Wheats eatin’ bastard. This ain’t Deadwood. This is Boaz. This is our dojo. You’re gonna let Vontavious run you up out of your own hood?”
Free Love’s missile didn’t need to be a heat-seeker but it proved just as effective. Efrem-Felix took off down the sidewalk, chastened and steaming as he marched. We saw him flick his throwing star into a telephone pole then retrieve it angrily. 
“Good thing he’s on my side,” I quipped, to which Free Love responded, “But he isn’t on your side. With the exception of me and maybe lone wolf Roy-Jon, who rarely gives a dern regardless, your stanking-ass cheese stands alone, brother. And I don’t see me and old Corn Pone spending the next six days holding your dick for you in the bathroom.”
“Oh, stop it, you tease, you.”
“Benji, I don’t know if the reality of the situation has occurred to you yet, but you may have to deal with Vontavious and his thugs by yourself this time. You drove over dude’s throwing arm. His. Throw. Ing. Arm.”
“Bounty hunters,” I scoffed.
“Don’t think ‘bounty hunters,’” warned Free Love. “Think unemployed gun enthusiasts.”
Chapter Four: Benji, The Hunted
1
We commenced our Saturday morning trek in search of my mother and my missing scholarship check, Juicy being the presumed fiend who had absconded with it. She was reportedly heading to one of our neighborhood hangs, a corner market named Tio Manny's Super Mercado. Its namesake proprietor had installed picnic tables in front of the establishment, ran a little family-staffed kitchen inside, and thus one could pop in for a box of washing powder for mama and then sit a spell out front with some freshly cooked nachos and a frozen treat. My favorite was lemon popsicle. 
Tio Manny’s got the snot nose and ringworms set with the sugar, and us older teenagers, he attracted with arcade games and a centralized place to chill. The finishing and particularly masterful stroke of salesmanship was that Tio Manny played modern young folks' music on the outside speakers. I'm tempted to say that establishments that didn't want our business played Country and Western but that was impossible to ascertain and more easily explained by the preference of whoever was working the cash register. I rather believed that Tio Manny, a middle-aged Latino not shy with his Hip Hop music, actually liked urban tunes of the times. 
Soulful sounds greeted me and Free Love as we caught up to Efrem-Felix. “Somebody is tracking us,” he said to Free Love, “thanks to this walking target who doesn’t know how to take good advice and lay low.” Our trio was then joined by four others — Neck Bones, Tube Socks, Christian Kwan, and Potted Meat Patel — more Jump Out Boys, their sudden appearance in response to Efrem-Felix’s summoning crow call: “Ca-caw! Ca-caw!” which was, ludicrously, part of their secret language of animal noises and pet sounds. The seven of us were then greeted by a group of female non-combatants who were spending their Saturday morning sipping Mexican sodas at the outdoor tables. My mother and Lowball Larry were nowhere to be seen.
"Hey, Benji!" called a girl that I was interested in named Luz. "Vontavious is inside, and he is wearing a cast, and you caused it, and he is angry, Benji, at you."
"Are you scared, Benji?" asked a girl named Ngô.
"Benji, don't be scared," cooed a girl named Veronica.
"Benji, I'll give you a dollar if you eat that nacho out of Luz' mouth," laughed Free Love, taking a seat next to the girls. "Hello, ladies. My name is Free Love, but you know that. You should also know that I am what I do. That means, invariably, cunnilingus without the expectation of reciprocity, even on a humid day such as this when one feels a tad hesitant about one’s feminine presentation."
A gob of cheese hit him in the face.
“Free Love,” affirmed Free Love.
I peered through the glass store front of Tio Manny's. No bounty hunters I could see but this only sharpened my apprehension. I turned to Efrem-Felix for counsel.
“Lowball’s car isn’t here,” assessed Efrem-Felix, scanning the parking lot. “He may have dropped your mother off. She could be inside, but I doubt it.”
“Vontavious?” I asked.
“No reason to doubt Luz,” confirmed Efrem-Felix, eyeing the perimeter. “He’s in there. Coincidence. They stopped off here on the way to your house. Seven or eight of the usual suspects. There’s a really tall girl stalking us, by the way. Really tall. Six-foot-one, at least. This really tall girl has been following us the entire time. From your house to here. She’s good. Been tailing you for quite a while, fact about it.”
“What should we do?” 
Efrem-Felix, who had more street sense than me, set his eyes adrift in that head behind his glasses, a war machine calculating future moves on the chessboard. He’d said that JOB didn’t have my back anymore, but I knew that good old Windows couldn’t resist an opportunity to practice battlefield strategy. Before he could answer, one of the girls at the picnic tables shouted, "Hey, there she is! That bruja!" Two of the Latinas, one of the Asians, and all of the black girls suddenly vaulted up and away from the picnic tables, leaving a confused Ngô and the rest of us staring at their butt pones as they ran off in pursuit. None of us could see who they were chasing.
“The really tall girl,” confirmed Efrem-Felix, nodding. “I don’t know why she’s stalking us. A lone bounty hunter doesn’t make any sense against our numbers, especially a female, unless it was Rocket. I doubt those girls will catch her, though.” 
"She’s just some tramp," offered Ngô. "Some random tramp who's been messing around with Vontavious all summer, and the girls, they don’t like it. Ugh. ‘Bounty hunters.’ How old are you guys? I thought this banal high school drama had ended when we had graduated. Welcome to adulthood, man. I knew I should have gone to the library this morning."
Ngô left the table. She walked inside the market, and predictably, Free Love stooped to sniff her vacated seat. A minute later, Ngô poked her head back out of the door, witnessed Free Love's trespass, and said to him, "Thank you for validating my decision to attend an out-of-state college." Turning to me, she said, "Vontavious says to come inside and get your butt-whipping, Benji. He says he's serving it...ugh. He says he's serving it 'hot and fresh.' What? Dang. 'Hot and fresh like a county fair corn dog.' Did I mention that I'm going to an out-of-state college?"
Ngô exited Tio Manny's. I looked at Efrem-Felix and Efrem-Felix looked at me. After Ngô left, Free Love sniffed her vacated seat again.
He announced: “That ain’t all that’s hot and fresh!”
Efrem-Felix sighed. “You go to war with the army you have,” he declared, shaking his head at Free Love. “Maybe we can talk this out with Vontavious before it escalates. Tube Socks, watch the door. Christian Kwan, Neck and Meat, inside with Benji and me. Somebody hose down Free Love.”
We entered Tio Manny’s.
2
Inside the Super Mercado, Vontavious stood with his crew. “The Violators” they called themselves. These were actual thugs. Most of them were older than us and more likely to be gang affiliated than associated with our former backyard wrestling troupe. Their leader, Vontavious, had his right arm, his throwing arm that I had run over just the day before, in a cast, hanging in a sling around his neck. Tio Manny, the owner of the corner market, stood behind the cash register, his baseball bat leaning against the wall of cigarettes behind him. Hip Hop music played. Patrons exited. Christian Kwan, Neck Bones, Free Love, Potted Meat Patel, and Efrem-Felix assumed a defensive formation. They rallied to me as I stepped to the villain. 
“Benji.”
“Vontavious.”
“It was just an accident.”
“The cover?” said Vontavious in his odd, stilted speech pattern. “Of Sports Illustrated.”
“One of my uncles had a gun.”
“ ‘The Walking Motivational Poster,’ they called me.”
“They did? Well, keep hanging in there, kitty!” 
Vontavious smiled, adjusted his sling, snarled, “I’m going to. Snap? Your fingers. Like pencils. Like drawing pencils. Snap, snap, snap, snap, snap.”
Efrem-Felix whispered something to Christian Kwan.
“KJV, baby,” smiled Christian Kwan, producing two pocket-sized Bibles from which he quoted: “No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper.” It was showmanship, of course, a holdover from our glory days of backyard wrestling personas. The nicknames, the posturing, the props, the affectations arose from genuine aspects of our personalities. Christian Kwan — whose family had immigrated to America with the aid of missionaries — was a genuine adherent to the teachings of Jesus Christ. Potted Meat Patel — whose mustache had been a source of dude envy since fifth grade — was an unpretentious foodie for mechanically separated chicken. Yes, we were all too old to still be playing play play like that, but it’s what we did — take jokes too far, way beyond anybody’s definition of funny but our own. 
Case in point: Christian Kwan’s two pocket-sized Bibles, one in each hand, a thumb across each cover, the black leather glistening beneath the bright market lights. Goof or no goof, it would take days for the “semaJ gniK” imprint to fade from the flesh of the slapped.
“God is good,” testified Christian Kwan, sincerely. “God is real.” 
Vontavious’ boys flexed nervously in response. Free Love laughed, pushed me a step closer to Vontavious. Meanwhile, Tio Manny reached for his wooden slugger. The Hip Hop music stopped.  
“Ain’t no need for starting static,” offered Efrem-Felix. 
"Oh, there’s a need," hissed Vontavious, adjusting his arm in its sling. "But later for that. At present? The ridicule. The tarring. The feathering.” 
“Sixth grade,” I agreed, nodding. “Let’s do it old school, fellas. Recess style. What you got for me, jock strap?”
“Douglas,” summoned Vontavious. “Inform this fool of his mother's caloric shame."
"Benji's mama so fat," janked Douglas, "when Neil Armstrong landed on Benji's mama, he said, 'One small step for man. One giant receipt for International House of Pancakes!' "
“Jank, jank!” both crews chanted, “Yo booty stank!”
"Benji's mama so black," janked Douglas, "the continent of Africa sued Benji's mama for copyright infringement. And lost!"
“Jank, jank, yo booty stank!”
"Benji's mama so ugly," janked Douglas, “but that’s just according to standards of beauty within a certain culture.”
“Jank, jank…” both crews chanted. “Wait, what?”
“Do we know what they find attractive in Bora Bora?”
Everybody stared at Douglas.
“Or in Djibouti!”
“Jank, jank, Djibouti stank!”
Jankin’ was what we called it. Others knew it as The Dozens or Snaps or Signifying. Essentially, it was schoolyard put-downs, “yo mama” this and “yo mama” that. There existed masters of the insult art form on playgrounds and basketball courts, in barber shops, and wherever the youth assembled. Vontavious' number one flunky, Douglas, was a master janker. He was good enough to earn affirming chants of "jank, jank, yo booty stank!" from both rival crews. His boss, Vontavious, nodded approvingly at Douglas' janks. I later illustrated this scene with Caesar Vontavious smiling on his dais while Douglas The Janker pranced about in jester's clothing.
The fool had a good run. He had my mother putting Big Macs on layaway, requiring her own zip code, cavorting with Cambodian booty scratchers. Even Tio Manny, the store owner, was getting in on the laughs. It was one last trip for us all, the last days of play play, one final alliance of absurdity, one last goof this ultimate summer before we joined the ranks of the doo-doo shy zombies: grown folks. 
It looked like Efrem-Felix had been right about being able to talk it out. This was to be a demilitarization, a cease fire. Douglas was that funny. He janked as per the norm — vulgar, ludicrous, but nothing doggedly personal. Dude’s funnies were right. I, too, usually adhered to the unofficial tenants of jankin’. But then Douglas, with or without comprehension of my recent tribulations, overstepped his bounds.
“Benji’s mama so stupid,” janked Douglas, “she thought ‘eviction’ was a brand of douche water!”
My rose colored lenses turned black. To hell with the last days of play play. The market went quiet. Nobody moved. Vontavious grinned. All eyes turned toward me, including Tio Manny’s. Douglas, rightly sensing that the comedy roast had taken a turn for the cringe, attempted to beseech the dais.
"Uh…Benji's mama so poor," stuttered Douglas, "when food stamps —"
"Food stamps?" I snarled, stepping up to Douglas, chest-to-chest. "Food stamps? Food stamps are funny to you? Douglas? The same Douglas whose refugee family of ten lives in a one-bedroom, legally condemned apartment near the gas station on Abbott Street? You can't be that Douglas. That Douglas wouldn’t invoke food stamps for laughs. That Douglas' family would starve to death if not for the kindness of neighbors cooking food for the bereaved."
"Hey, man," squeaked Douglas, worriedly. "You’re gettin' too personal. These are just jokes, Benji. We’re just jankin' here."
"Are we? Hm. The only time that Douglas' family of refugees gets to eat a nutritional meal is when somebody in that Douglas' family dies – oops, I mean, overdoses on heroin. How many brothers and sisters you got, Douglas? Five, four, meatloaf, chicken plate, one?"
“Jank...jank?" someone said apprehensively. "Yo booty...stank?"
“Yes, his booty stinks," I spat, "and his clothes smell. They're unwashed. When I used to ride my bicycle to the gas station to put some air in my tires — before Douglas' drug addicted brother stole my bicycle and sold it to support his drug addiction — I would notice the family's clothes hanging out on the stair case railing to dry. Ten to an apartment. Nine now, actually. Ain't that right, Douglas? Doug-ito? Nine? I imagine your mother — excuse me, yo mama — was secretly relieved to hear about her son overdosing on drugs. One less mouth to feed. Douglas' mother — yo mama — surely must have sang a hymn to that tradition of charity, the neighbors bringing over food for the grieving family. Swing low…sweet chariot…coming for to drop a plate home…"
"Rabbi," cried Douglas, turning to Vontavious in a panic, "with all due respect. The Jump Out Boys usually jump out to stop Benji from getting hit, right? You're the one that told us not to engage in confrontation but then you changed your mind when you saw Benji walk in here, correct?"
"And this is leading," asked Vontavious. "To some sort of. Point?"
"Well, shit," yapped Douglas, blinking nervously at us, "it seems to me like everybody runnin' off script here! This smart aleck nerd would rather duck than get hit, yet he’s all bowed up in my face, talking smack like he’s the Muhammad Ali of Etch A Sketch! These secondhand super dupers ain't never supposed to not jump out, yet they’re standing around at ease like it’s second breakfast down at The Shire! You ain't supposed to even be out in the streets no more! Am I the only one who sees that the center cannot hold?"
A customer entered the Super Mercado. He walked up to the counter and asked Tio Manny for a pack of Black and Mild cigars. Efrem-Felix adjusted his glasses. Vontavious scratched inside his cast. Free Love flexed his pecs. Christian Kwan tapped his Bibles. Potted Meat Patel took a can of meat from the shelves. Never once looking at the gathering of young men, the older customer exited the Super Mercado with his purchase. We caught a sweet whiff of flavored tobacco and then the door closed.
"See, Esteban's body had been inside of that garbage bin for days," I continued. "As circumstances later confirmed, Douglas, yo mama had to have taken a dumpster dive at least one time before discovering her son's overdosed body was in there. How poor is Douglas' mama? Douglas' mama so poor, she sometimes cooked cat meat for supper. No shame in that. Protein is protein. Con malanga, gato es muy bien. Pardon my iffy Spanish. But one evening, yo mamá cooked cat meat for supper and the whole family ate cat meat stomach con Esteban stew. 'Where is Esteban? He is missing supper again.' Is he? 'This meat is very good tonight, Mamá. Sabroso.' Ah, there's nothing like a home-cooked meal. Meow.”
Douglas vomited.
The mushroom cloud of death, despair, and dire darkness that exploded from my mouth swirled over our heads, irradiating all within radius with the stank of jank gone wrong. Iced treats melted. Fruit shriveled. Candy bars caramelized. Tio Manny picked up his baseball bat and told us to get the hell out of his store. 
He wiped away tears as he swung, running out from behind the counter, shouting: "Jóvenes delincuentes! You take things too far! Brown, black, red, yellow, white! She does what she has to do! ALL OF OUR MOTHERS ARE SAINTS!"
Both crews ran out of the market, straight toward the sirens of rapidly approaching police.
3
Dashing away from Tio Manny’s Super Mercado, evading what we thought to be the hot pursuit of police cars, both our crew and our foes took to the same street as an escape route. We fought as we ran, our guys trading punches and kicks with their guys. Observers, of which there were plenty on a sunny Saturday morning in Boaz, witnessed what Free Love would later dub “The Layaway Olympics.” Sprinting and punching, sprinting and punching. 
Hither came hurdles.
“Rottweilers!” shouted the only Jewish kid in the tri-state region, our lanky brother Tube Socks. He was calling attention to the incoming pack of dogs, yelling, “Oh no, I’m wearing the store brand generics! Didn’t think we’d be running!”
The elastic of his knee-high tube socks could not withstand the gallop. They snapped. Down came the socks. Tube Socks tripped and a Rottweiler leapt onto his back and downed him as if he were an injured gazelle.
“I’m got!” cried Tube Socks.  
“Ha, ha!” laughed Free Love, running past the canine pile-up. “That’s what you get for buying ten-for-a-dollar footwear, Tube Socks, you Honey Bunches of Oats eatin’ rascal! Benji, break left!”
Already dodging the punch, I veered in accordance with Free Love’s warning. A passing car nearly clipped me as Douglas, who had thrown the running punch, steadily gained ground. I heard police sirens. Turning my head as I ran, I saw only Douglas at first, Efrem-Felix racing in at an angle.
“Cigarettes!” accused Efrem-Felix, commenting on my struggle for air. “Dumb ass!” 
I attempted to retort, coughed instead.
“Those cops aren’t after us!” shouted Neck Bones, suddenly running beside us. “Efrem-Felix! The dogs!”
“Potted Meat Patel!” shouted Efrem-Felix.
“On it!” shouted Potted Meat Patel.
Douglas took two more swings at me that failed to connect. On the second dodge, I ducked just in time as Efrem-Felix, running ahead, jutted his left arm out laterally in front of Douglas, taking him out with a clothesline classic. Free Love swooped in from the perimeter, paused long enough to stomp on Douglas’ fallen body and then took off running again in flight from the remaining Rottweilers that had not pounced on Tube Socks. 
My stamina gave out. My hat flew off. I couldn’t catch my breath. The least athletic amongst both sprinting crews, smoker or no smoker, there was no way those dogs wouldn’t be on me next. That’s when I saw Potted Meat Patel produce a couple of cans of potted meat from his pockets. Christian Kwan caught one of them, Efrem-Felix caught another, and then the three of them, on Efrem-Felix’s count, pulled the aluminum tabs and let loose the aromatic grenades of distraction.
“Kippers!” shouted Potted Meat Patel. “Red herring snacks! Five-finger discount at Tio Manny’s!” 
The dogs took the bait, leaving us free to continue our dash. A few yards farther and I finally gave out. The foot chase ended. Vontavious was nowhere to be seen. The Violators had scattered and, as Neck Bones had correctly observed, the police cars had taken a turn away from our direction. I bent over, hands on knees, coughing up phlegm.     
"You feeling alright, Benji?" asked Free Love, walking up to me, breathing easily, as if our sprint had just been a leisurely stroll.
“Menthols,” I wheezed. “My mother’s brand.”
"I’m not talking about that,” chided Free Love. “I’m talking about that psychotic janking you did back there at Tio Manny’s. I didn't think you did roast comedy."
"Racist comedy," observed Christian Kwan. "Got a few rice jokes for me, Benji? I've never heard you make fun of somebody the way you made fun of Douglas back there. Knucklehead or not, brother, nobody deserves to be made fun of like that."
“Yeah,” agreed Neck Bones, handing me my fisherman’s hat. “Out of bounds, Benji. I thought you didn’t see race.”
"Hey, you guys didn't jump out!" I protested, in a bid to deflect. "The Jump Out Boys did not jump out! You missed your wrestling cue! You broke kayfabe! I almost got hit! Plus, that remark about eviction —"
"You lost your mind is what you did," said Free Love, shaking his head. "Ever since graduation, cuz, you've been irritable. Most people mellow out over the summer. You, Benji, you're turning into a rattlesnake. A lowdown, slithering rattlesnake. Anxious to bite."
"Snakes don't like to get stepped on," I quipped. "You guys didn't jump out. What was I supposed to do? Slither away like a chump? What's the point of having venom if you don't inject it?"
"Said the virgin," laughed Free Love. "All that pent-up semen is making you ornery. Pity the poor college girl who has to snorkel up out of that ocean of nut."
“I was looking for my mother and Lowball Larry because she ran off with my scholarship check!”
“That money doesn’t come straight to you,” shot Efrem-Felix. “All of us have financial aid at the community college. Your university situation can’t be that different.”
“You think I’m lying?” I shouted, suddenly angrier than I was exhausted. “If I ever catch up with my mother, I’ll give you a couple of her poker chips as evidence of my spent scholarship money!”
“Speaking of,” said Free Love. “Jackpot.”
My mother’s favorite song, naturally, was the old school R&B song “Juicy Fruit” by Mtume. She played it repeatedly during her parties. Free Love now sang the song “Juicy Fruit” as he pointed up the street, calling our attention to a gathering of people, police cars, and Lowball Larry. 
My mother stood beside him.
Chapter Five: Riot at Rochester
1
The police cars that we thought had been summoned by Tio Manny’s silent store alarm had, in actuality, been speeding to the scene of a Boaz eviction. More specifically, the dwelling at the center of the chaos was in the low-income, low-rise apartment buildings known as Rochester Estate. Some had dubbed the place “Rockchester” due to its drug den notoriety. 
As our crew approached the scene, rocks of crack cocaine appeared to be the least of worries for the gathered police force. A mob had formed. The person being evicted was my sister’s best friend, Peanut. His family of five had been here forever and now they were not meant to be.
“Ya’ll ain’t gotta do people like that!” shouted a spectator.
“It’s too many police out here!”
“Wasn’t even no trouble until ya’ll showed up!”
“Give them a chance to get moved out! This is unnecessary! Completely unnecessary!”
I had not witnessed a confrontation like this before, at least not one sparked by an eviction. Usually, when people were moved out, they did just that — move out. Dramatic scenes could occur, but mostly I had seen hastily packed boxes, overloaded cars, and dour, dispossessed faces. Sometimes there would be flare-ups between the property management and the ousted. Sometimes there would be clothes on the lawn and mattresses in the street. I usually kept walking if I came upon these tense situations. Police on the scene meant that nothing nice was going down, especially in Rockchester. 
At present, the cops appeared to be more concerned about the crowd of spectators than the showdown taking place between the property manager and Peanut’s people. Indeed, Peanut’s mother, Monique, having not the warmest of dispositions to begin with, had decided to appeal to the mob’s sympathies, for what gain I did not know.
“Slavery!” protested Monique. “They never wanted us here to begin with unless it benefitted them!” 
“She’s just instigating to be instigating,” observed my mother, Juicy, as I walked up to where she and her boyfriend, Lowball Larry, stood at the back of the crowd. “Saturday morning show time, that’s all this is. Spectacle.”
“Tried to tell her,” chimed in Lowball Larry. “I said, ‘Monique, now, you know you’re in the wrong concerning that unpaid house note! You know you’re in the wrong, Monique!’ ”
 Lowball Larry, as skinny as my mother was thick, ate a breakfast burrito as he spoke. Pointing with food for emphasis rarely helped elucidation. Neither did his pencil-thin moustache, dripping as it was with salsa, sour cream, and ghetto sophistry. Known for fraudulent insurance claims, Lowball was a Boaz character’s character. In my sketchbook, I attributed him with wily fox features, a pinstripe suited predator like the sharp-toothed wolves in the old Warner Brothers’ cartoons. He had a legal degree, and Uncle Pete boasted he hadn’t paid income tax in three years thanks to him. Smith, in general, but Boaz especially was littered with the shifty lawyer’s billboard, bench, and bus stop advertisements. He rapped in his television commercials. If that wasn’t enough to attract potential clients, Lowball was known to frequent payday loan businesses and automotive lemon lots, sniffing out the musk of desperate money and unwise financial decisions. He bootlegged movies. He specialized in slip-and-fall accidents. His other nickname was “Litigation Lawrence.” 
And here he was, standing right next to my mother and, most likely, my missing scholarship check.
“But it ain’t too late to get yourself back into the right,” proclaimed Lowball, appraising the ongoing eviction as he chomped his burrito. “There’s always a last minute option. Always a last minute option. Last Minute Larry! Bump that. Last Second Larry! If Monique had come to me with one second left on the shot clock, that ratty salmon colored negligee of hers wouldn’t be hanging off the bushes right now, color clashing with the landscape. Out here carrying on, got little children crying, got her business out here on front street. Last Second Larry! That’s who you come see! Last Second Larry: The Mogul in the Making!”
“Last Second Larry?” I scoffed, raising an eyebrow. “The Mogul in the Making? Don’t you run a male strip club called The Junkyard?”
“A male revue called The Junkyard,” clarified Lowball, “and a legitimate enterprise, thank you very much. Come for the thangs. Stay for the chicken wangs!”
The fellas and I laughed. 
“I see you Jump Out Boys are looking Magic Mike,” observed Lowball, commenting upon their sweaty, rock hard physiques as the six young men removed their dripping wet T-shirts to cool off from the dash. Nipple shy, I kept my Hawaiian shirt on as Lowball Larry, the male meat pimp, proclaimed, “Pectoralis? Powerhouse. Trapezius? Tungsten. Abs? Adonis. Diversity? Racial. Boys, the ladies of The Junkyard will eat ya’ll up like a pu pu platter! Spare Ribs, Eggroll, and Baba Ghanoush!”  
Free Love fell to the ground with laughter. Lowball Larry continued his assessment, sight-sizing JOB’s combined muscle mass with imaginary measuring tape, singing, “Money, money, money, mon-ay…” He and my mother wore shades, obviously hung over and still dressed in club clothes. Juicy’s typical morning smell of mouthwash meant to mask her a.m. alcohol intake failed to mask her a.m. alcohol intake. Lowball Larry, a bag of Tio Manny’s carry-out in his hands, intermittently munched on his breakfast burrito as he attempted to package The Jump Out Boys as beefcake strippers. Between chomps, he announced, “When you young men get tired of cutting grass and bagging groceries, I got a hamper full of thongs and a barrel of the flesh butters on standby.” 
About to join Free Love on the ground rolling with laughter, I was halted by an intercepting shove from my mother. It reminded me of the reason why I was here.
“About that,” said Juicy, producing the scholarship check from her black leather jacket before I could speak of it. “I took it to get a copy made.”
“Why?” I asked, puzzled. 
“Things get choppy,” rapped Lowball Larry. “Always have a copy.”
“What?”
“Things get choppy —”
I sighed, taking the check from my mother’s hand. Meanwhile, the disturbance in front of Peanut’s housing unit intensified. Beneath the morning sun lay a lawn strewn with clothing. Peanut was known to be a clotheshorse, more fashion conscious than even my mother or my sister, Cherrelle, for whom Peanut actually made clothes that he himself designed. The sight of his beloved wardrobe, his chic shoes and stylish slacks hitting the ground after being tossed out of the apartment by the evacuation team — this sight was too much for Peanut to bear. When he started cursing out the property manager, the police stepped away from Monique and closer to Peanut. When the police stepped closer to Peanut, the mob stepped closer to the police. When the mob stepped closer to the police, Lowball Larry emptied a packet of hot sauce onto his burrito.
“Money for clothes spent,” observed Lowball, chewing and nodding. “No money left for rent.”
“You jerk,” chided Cherrelle, posting up beside us. “Larry, you have no idea what you’re talking about. Peanut makes those clothes. He’s a designer. The Lamp people — that you say you have an ‘in’ with — those Lamp people are behind this. Lamp Realty. Lamp Construction. Lamp Foundation. New Lamp Ministries.”
“I go to that church,” interjected Christian Kwan. “New Lamp for a new path.”
“New bull,” sang my mother and I simultaneously, “same old shit!” 
Synchronicity between us rarely happened. It earned me a cigarette.
“Seriously, though, Kwan,” I said, as my mother lit my smoke. “That’s Vontavious’ church. His father is the pastor and Vontavious preaches there, too. Am I wrong?”
Cherrelle snatched the cigarette out of my mouth and stomped it. She shot our mother and me a hot stare and said, “Ugh…” followed by a tilted head. Then she crinkled her nose at me: “Same pants, Benji? Same pants, new stink.” 
“A run-in with Vontavious’ crew,” I clarified, “emphasis on run,” to which she gave me and the bare-chested Jump Outs a disapproving glare. She then told Christian Kwan to answer her dadgum question. I took my shirt off in solidarity with my brothers, instantly got bitten by a mosquito, instantly put my shirt back on.
“Um,” stammered Christian Kwan, obviously afraid of my sister. “Benji’s not wrong. In the macro. In the micro, Vontavious and his father do not share the same methods. Same message, maybe, but not the same methods. I do not blame the father for the sins of the son.”
“Somebody needs to,” spat Cherrelle, crossing her arms. “I blame the whole bunch. No offense, Kwan, but you belong to a business model, not a church.” 
“Oh, snap!” laughed Free Love.
“Shut up, Free,” ordered Cherrelle.
“Yes, ma’am,” said Free Love, and then he mumbled in a hushed voice, “Chey, you un-buttered grits cooking, burnt-up biscuits serving, infrequently flipped pancakes stacking…”
“There is nothing wrong with praying for financial prosperity,” stated Christian Kwan.
“Yes, there is,” replied Cherrelle, hotly. “We’re looking at it.”
Three more patrol cars arrived at Rochester Estate. The number of spectators swelled, hastening the eviction team and bolstering the protests of Peanut’s screaming mother. Uncle Pete and Uncle Tiny, late to the scene, strolled up to where we stood in the back of the crowd. They did not have to ask any questions to figure out what was going on. I saw a ten dollar bill pass from Uncle Tiny to Uncle Pete, explained by Uncle Pete saying, “Never bet against the kid, bruh. If you thought Monique was gonna moonwalk gently into that good night, you don’t know Monique like I know Monique.”
“Gentrification,” observed Cherrelle, frowning. “Don’t ya’ll read the newspaper? Lamp is buying up the whole beach.”
“I thought Rockchester was government housing,” said Efrem-Felix.
“Rochester,” corrected Cherrelle, “is not government housing. It’s whatever Lamp wants it to be. If Lamp doesn’t want it to be poor then the poor get shifted. Don’t worry, Efrem-Felix. You’ll figure it out when Benji and Juicy are moving in with ya’ll at Uncle Tiny’s Home for Evicted Relatives. How many days left until this happens to you, Benji?”
“Six,” reported Lowball Larry, producing his copy of my scholarship check. “But if things get choppy…”              
We all watched as a frustrated policeman raised his baton.
2
I retreated to my art shed to process the event. I planned to title my drawing “Riot at Rockchester” but I heard Cherrelle’s nagging voice in my head and I changed the name to “Riot at Rochester.” 
The confrontation at Peanut’s housing unit had played out chaotically. Some of everybody was in the wrong. The police had overreacted to the spectators. The spectators had overacted to the presence of the police. Heads got cracked. More cops arrived. More heads got cracked. The majority of us hung back and observed the fighting. It quickly became prudent to ease away from the scene rather than risk being swept up in the cyclone of pepper spray and batons. Lowball Larry, in fact, had been the one to make the call, informing our group, “It done got too real to deal. Unless ya’ll want to spend the rest of Saturday down at the police station, slowly realizing that Monique owed you money before she got arrested, I say it’s time to book.” 
In the end, the result of the riot, as reported by the fleeing participants who stopped off at our front porch to catch their breaths, was shockingly succinct: Peanut and his family were evicted. Nothing could prevent that hurricane from making landfall. Would this be our fate in six days? I imagined the shed in which I practiced my craft being hauled off on the flatbed of a salvage truck. I halted my sketching to stare at the scholarship check. I also inspected the copy of it that I had demanded from Lowball Larry on the way back from the riot. I had no clue what he and my mother could have done, if anything, with this too-dark facsimile. Still, I gained a bit of comfort in reclaiming control of the situation. 
Of course I wouldn’t use my one and only golden ticket out of Boaz to save our house. Conversely, I could not be so selfish as to forsake years of family history when I had the means to halt the eviction. 
I imagined my grandmother’s family Bible, which I cared about, regardless of my lapsed faith, tossed out the window by the Lamp eviction team and lying in the gutter outside of what used to be her house. Our house. The names, addresses, and phone numbers, literally our entire known family tree, our grandmother had kept in that Bible. Branches of our known family tree had, upon occasion, moved in with our grandmother when hard times had cast them aside. Juicy had maintained this tradition — if only this tradition — though Uncle Tiny had recently begun to take in our dispossessed. His was a temporary dinghy, however, not the flood-tested ark that was our home. 
And now, within a week’s time, people would be collecting their winnings on bets concerning Juicy’s fight or flight. Generations of kin would be unmoored. 
Do it, Benji. 
Benji, don’t do it. 
Benji, don’t do it — don’t give that check to your mother — and you were on your way to never having to pick a side concerning racial conflicts again, right? Black authenticators like Monique only lived in Smith, Alabama, and the rest of the world always had one-hundred percent heroes and one-hundred percent villains, and you’d never have to secretly sympathize with the cops again because the cops had never made fun of you for not being black enough, had yet to victimize you like the black thugs who had a long history of bullying you, had never alienated you like your art class peers who called your work “ignorant” and “regressive,” so when people like Monique claimed to be too black for objective response, you snacked on the irony like Lowball Larry snacking on his burrito, observant and coolly detached. 
Forget them and their eternal excuses for blaming everyone but themselves!
Do it, Benji — give that check to your mother — and you were stuck here in Boaz for at least another year or two. But they would throw a parade in your honor, wouldn’t they? You could prevent an eviction, you could take a stand, you could be an accidental activist, and even the cops would have to nod and say, “Yeah, this one gets it. This one plays by the rules. This one doesn’t hurl accusations of racism he doesn’t see. This one would rather draw dragons. This one walks past. This one doesn’t care. This one knows how to fake the funk.”
I would have spent the rest of that Saturday in my art shed, contemplating the pros and cons of repurposing my scholarship check, if it had not been for a sudden presence outside my window.
Don’t think bounty hunters, Free Love had warned, think unemployed gun enthusiasts.
I heard a click?
Chapter Six: Enter The Girl
1
"Tosser," came a voice from the window of my art shed. "You should really close the curtains if you're going to pull it, yeah?"
I did not dook my pants, but I did blast up from the drawing table. My sketchbook sailed. My pencils, they flew. I stepped on my already broken cell phone, finally sending that cheap piece of junk to last-gen heaven.
"What the?" I flailed about, my frantic eyes on the window. "What are you doing out there?"
"Wrong question," she snickered. "It's more like, what are you doing in there? Having a wank, mate? Pulling for the home team, yeah? Oi, the state of this one. The depths of his depravity."
It was the mysterious tall girl, the lone she-wolf I had first seen with Vontavious' pack at the barbecue shack on Friday, the phantom that Efrem-Felix claimed had been stalking me earlier this morning on the way to Tio Manny’s, the bruja that the girls had chased after. Had she been at the scene of Peanut’s eviction, too, observing me instead of the show? Her face poked in from outside the window as she gazed into my shed. She had been the source of the clicking sound, obviously embellishing the cocking of her finger gun she was pointing in my direction. She was also the source of a notable fragrance, jasmine and patchouli if I wasn’t mistaken. That wasn’t the smell of a bounty hunter. That was the smell of a hippie. I was being finger-shot by a hippie.
"Daft," she observed, scanning the interior, fixating on the cigarette butts on my drawing table. “In general, yeah? But smoking around petrol and paint, lad? Brilliant.”
The mystery girl was black. She had an accent. British? Caribbean? Martian? It vacillated. Something about her accent did not ring true. Her phrasing struck me as off, like when I tried to speak Spanish. 
Nearly every inch inside the shed, I had covered with my drawings and paintings, examples of my artwork in various media. This stunned the girl. Efrem-Felix, whose eyes I trusted, had once described me in his typically terse fashion: "Benji, the Funkadelic crayon." And I knew my work showed it. I wanted to be a science fiction, horror, and fantasy illustrator. Or an animated film director like my heroes Hideaki Anno and Ralph Bakshi. I hoped to create comic books and genre fiction covers, perhaps even design Grand Theft Auto video game artwork, however one got on with Rockstar Games. 
"So I'm working on a comic book," I declared to the girl at my window. "Low fantasy. Barbarians. Wizards. Cults of Cthulhu. Dwarves. Witches. Huntress warriors. Titans. Villains! Heroes! But hood, you see. And funny. Like Groo.” I pointed to an illustration of Sergio Aragones’ Groo The Wanderer, my favorite comic book series. It featured the madcap, overcrowded action-comedy style that I attempted to emulate. “Funny barbarians, or their historical equivalent, cracking jokes while throwing punches. Multi-racial warriors, maybe? All of them from the wrong side of the tracks. Heroes from poor backgrounds. I’m thinking of calling it The Soulful Sounds of Alton Brown or Ascension of the Secondhand Heroes. How does that strike you?”
“It strikes me as something that would be cancelled before it ever reached the shelves. Cancelled twice.” 
“Pshaw! What kind of a fuck-up would bungle getting his work published on two separate occasions? That’s chumpsville. I prefer penciling, anyway. I can't write worth a flip."
"Or read," she sniped. "Evidently. You do know that stuff never happened, yeah? There is no ‘historical equivalent’ with dragons. Those are white people's fantasies. Our African folklore was beaten out of us. I much prefer those, don’t I?" she announced, pointing to my Civil Rights Movement in Alabama pieces, the artwork for which I had been rewarded the scholarship. “Though they were obviously painted with cynicism. Shame. Embarrassment. Self-conscious frustration at the artist’s own lack of racial insight, yeah? Or any insight at all, really. Your writing lacks narrative drive, doesn’t it, lad, narrative distance? Just a series of scenes without an arc. Rubbish.”
“Hey.”
“Bloody hell, mate. A rich cultural soup of modern reality, of economic despair and daily struggle, right outside this window — right here in Boaz — RIGHT NOW, yet there you sit, appealing to the lowest common denominator with your regressive super heroes and your…” She sighed loudly. “…boob windows. Have you never visited an art museum?”
“I —”
 “You, you ignorant cunt, have nothing to say. All that talent and you can’t be bothered.”
“I’m —”
“What happens when magical beans get blown up a middling twat. As if the concept of immaculate conception wasn’t moronic enough, here comes Just Kidding Jesus. I FUCKING HATE YOU!”
The girl attempted to hoist herself through the window of the shed. Her goal, it seemed, was not to collect Vontavious’ bounty for my having broken his throwing arm but to collect my neck between her hands for my having an affinity for Family Guy. Though strikingly tall, she was not tall enough to accomplish her goal. Free Love would have no trouble catapulting in through that very same window (the ultimate jump-out), but he required a running start and an overturned paint bucket. This girl stood taller than Free. She stood taller than any girl I had ever seen, a magnificent giantess with long, natural hair of spiraling twists and locks, not unkempt but not unlike Medusa. Striking, really. She was strikingly attractive. 
To wit, titties — abundant and bulging, ta-ta-ta-titties — popped over the window sill like two balloons of urban pudding heading my way. Man, everything about her was big. Her grunting and her straining and her moaning and her struggling to launch her big cocoa self through the open window of my art shed stirred something within me. That something was my penis cum.
“Boing!” was the word I would have drawn emerging from my crotch. Hastily, I covered my poking erection with my sketchbook as I stood farther away from the desk. I stared at nothing but those breasts. Grunting, straining, moaning, jiggling...
"Aaugh!" shrieked the girl, exhausted, plopping her tits on the encasement in defeat. "Bugger your manky little clubhouse! I don't want in, anyway, yeah! Those fantasy drawings are sexist, Mad Magazine is imbecilic, and for fuck’s sake, tell your artwork to stop trying to lecture my eyeballs with shock! Are you taking the piss?”
“Am I what?”
“I see a crusty sock on top of that drawing. Why are all the females you draw so muscular? You do know there’s a difference between depicting strong women and depicting strong women? Oi! Is that your real spunk drying on top of your illustrated spunk? Brilliant. A future serial killer, this one. Pity the detective who'll have to suss out which is thicker in this glorified loo — the brazen self-loathing or the putrefied semen."
She said it so fast. Her breasts quivered so much. Semen. Sock. Thicker. Spunk. My erection, generally a giving friend, a mindful friend, now turned on me like a too-whipped terrier. Too much blood in the shaft. Too much tit on my sill.
"Hey, I'm up here!" called the girl, frowning.
"Are you? I mean, didn't I see you with Vontavious? At the barbecue shack yesterday? Aren’t you his girl?"
"If you hate him so much," she asked, advancing the exchange with a sigh, "why do you use him to pull it?"
I gazed downward and my humiliation became complete. A drawing of Vontavious' face covered my angrily erect penis. I had illustrated the players at yesterday’s car crash. My sketchbook now showcased my rival's face. From my crotch, he glowered. I adjusted the sketchbook over my crotch to better hide my erection. Ruefully, my penis ducked all shame, had heard the girl's sigh, had smelled the girl's scent. Ejaculate now! said my penis — fattening, dumb, excitedly moronic — it's the only way out of this predicament! Ejaculate now!
"Have at it, lad!" laughed the girl, staring at my pre-cum stain as it spread down my pants. "No judgment here! No shame in having it off! Well…some shame. An appropriate amount of shame. Perhaps a bit more shame. Right. That’s a lot of shame."
"There are suppositions at play here," I beseeched her, sheepishly, "and trying to explain them all, I feel, will only make things worse."
The girl stared at the ridiculous tableau of my predicament for a good long moment. For some reason, I thought it might improve the situation if I turned the sketchbook upside down. It didn't.
"I could help you with that," observed the girl, still staring at my erection.
"With my drawing?"
"Um," she sang, extracting her breasts from the window. "Yeah. With your drawing. Brilliant. Let's go get a proper ice treat, yeah? Why not a lemon popsicle on this most withering of days? Let's cool you up, lad."
Thinking with the wrong head, I accepted the mystery girl’s invitation to a jaunt. Thinking with the right head, I made sure to secure my scholarship check before we left. I completely forgot about the bounty that Vontavious had placed on both heads and all the Benji in between.
Chapter Seven: Benji and The Girl Go Walking
1
This time, the excitement took place outside of Tio Manny's Super Mercado. Ice treats hit the sidewalk. My butt hit the ice treats. My sketchbook flew askew. Whoever tackled me had done so from behind. Vontavious, I figured. His gang had regrouped. I even harbored the notion, momentarily, that it may have been Tio Manny himself, who had eyed me with understandable apprehension when I had dared show up back in his store mere hours after that morning’s atomic jank battle. But the tall girl and her giant breasts landed on top of my face. She had remained outside of Tio Manny's while I had gone inside to purchase the lemon popsicles. I said, "Oof!" The "oof!" was muffled by her breasts. Her breasts enveloped my skull.
"Bloody hell, your knob is like a puppy at the park," she said, rolling off of me. "And you stink. Don't you wash it after you masturbate?"
"Suppositions. You smell like a rain forest."
"As intended, yeah?"
The girl was lying on the sidewalk next to me, panting. She looked like she had tackled me a bit harder than she had planned, the collision having winded her more than it had me. I was a jump-out veteran. Plus, I had the comfort of her tits to ease the landing. Both of us breathing heavily, neither of us made a move to stand up. Meanwhile, the sun made quick water of the ice treats. I turned on my side and just lay there, the girl doing the same. We faced each other.
"Can't Stay Cressida!" I exclaimed, suddenly recalling her old high school nickname of truancy, suddenly recalling that I had seen her very infrequently as a senior when I had been a freshman at the same high school. "Can't Stay Cressida," I repeated, to which she instantly replied, "Don't call me that." She then parked her head on her left palm, elbow propped on the sidewalk. We lay there staring at each other for a while. Her scent of jasmine and patchouli almost conquered the odor of my unwashed jeans, but she was right. I did stink.
"Sorry, um, Cressida," I said, sniffing myself. "I’ve done more things in these pants in the last twenty-four hours than most men will do in a lifetime."
"Cheeky. Have you ever drawn a nude figure?"
"What?"
"You'll follow me and I'll pose."
"What?"
"For you. I'll pose nude."
"Nothing strange about that."
"Fucking mental, innit?"
"Back to the Shit."
"What?"
"It's a Millie Jackson album. Grown folks music. Old school. That album popped into my head because a) the cover features Millie Jackson shitting on a toilet — naturally, my favorite album cover ever — and b) this shit with Vontavious keeps coming back. Back to the Shit. As if I'd suddenly forget that you're friends with the guy whose arm I ran over. Oh, yes, I remember you sitting with Vontavious and his gang at that barbecue shack next to the liquor store yesterday. The crash happens. Vontavious ignores my accident defense. ‘Bring me the head of Benji!’ decrees the villain. You, my lady, are a bounty hunter."
"Rubbish,” assessed Cressida, rising to her feet. “Forever stuck in fantasy land, you pathetic man-child. Okay. Bounty hunter, me. Right. You’ve been greenlit. Right. But I quite prefer the term ‘manhunter,’ yeah? I am hunting you for financial gain, man…child. Surprise! Now be a love and don't forget your sketchbook."
"I'm not following you."
"Yes. You. Will," she commanded, firmly. "You'll always do as I say."
Naive, but I did exactly that. I tucked my sketchbook into the top of my pants as I followed, to parts unknown, the manhunter and her promise of nudity. It was flagrantly stupid, of course, a move that Efrem-Felix would have knocked off his chessboard in disgust. But the female had me in a thrall. I knew the risk. An ambush awaited. But part of being a self-acknowledged wiseguy was thinking that one’s cynical take on life included the ability to out-think any and all comers. Allowing myself to be tugged along by her sexual tractor beam, my strategy loop-di-looped thusly: I know she’s a bounty hunter, she knows I know she’s a bounty hunter, so she thinks I’m taking her bait because I’m not taking her seriously, but zounds and alarum, she knows not the view that I have of her voluptuous ass!
Thus spake my lower head. Up top, I was attracted to the girl’s overt intelligence. Smith was a factory town. Smith was a fishing town. Smith was a football town. Smith was a lunch buffet, obesity, and weight loss surgery town. Smith was not into wrestling. Smith was into rasslin’. Regardless of taste, temper, or time, Smith, Alabama was definitely not a town for cerebral rages against perceived mediocrity, artistic laziness. Other than conversation with a few enlightened teachers, I rarely engaged in intellectual debate. Efrem-Felix and I argued over what was racist and what was not racist, but we never got anywhere with that any more than Free Love got to the bottom of the food industry with his bizarre breakfast fixation. This girl I was following to certain doom, she challenged me, fascinated me, enthralled me as though she were a siring vampire. 
And I wanted to be bit. 
“No softball bat?” I quipped, as we navigated the intersection of McCabe Street and Miller.
“I’m not a Ladyjack,” she clarified. “You’d be fielding your own bollocks, mate, using your scrotum as a glove if I were one of those bulked-up sweaty muff mops.”
“I used to be homophobic, too. Shameful confession. I renounced it, though. Peace and love, baby.”
“I’m not homophobic. I’m Ladyjack-phobic. That lot keeps trying to fuck me, don’t they, the cunts.”
“The Queen’s English.”
Cressida plotted a course that took us within passing sight of the Laundromat, by the community swimming pool (I waved at Free Love, who promptly fell off the diving board when he saw with whom I was walking), by the public library where we saw Ngô exiting with books in hand, by the basketball court, past the grown folks lounge, past the car wash, and eventually just north of Sutter Street, where the mobile homes were located. I had to stop when we reached the park, however. Too much walking, not enough lung.
"Why am I doing this?" I wheezed, collapsing at the nearest picnic table. “You don't like to be called Can't Stay Cressida?"
"A walking tour of American rot," she sneered, ignoring my question as she surveyed the streets. "You should illustrate this odious secretion, this smegma of capitalism’s failings.” 
“The swimming pool?” I chuckled. “They put chlorine in the water for that.”
“And he’s a comedian. Brilliant. Why use your talent to comment on society when you can use your talent to say: ‘pull my finger’? That’s what the world needs. More black clowns. People want to think about art, mate, not use art to avoid thinking.”
“Oh, really,” I objected, genuinely annoyed. “Is that how art works? I like Michelangelo so I can’t enjoy Marmaduke? What else do you observe from the podium, professor? Got any thoughts on jazz music? How was Cannes this year? When you visit The Louvre, can you just show them your Mensa card or do you still have to take a quiz before they let you in?”   
  “Oi! And now he champions mediocrity, this one! That’s right, lad. Graffiti and Gaugin — why discern? Sampled music — why compose? Professional wrestling — why compete? And suh-weet tea is a proper brew, yeah? Rubbish. I bet you think there’s a fucking Globetrotter behind The Harlem Renaissance, you mindless, milquetoast git. Comic books, he says. Birthed from this shit hole, him. This one wants to draw comic books. Have you lost the plot?"
“The plot, the plot,” I groaned, between spits of tobacco phlegm. “You took a five-second glance at less than a fifth of my work and you’re suddenly an expert on what I should be creating. I’m no stranger to drama. I gots drama. Lady, I’m going through some shit. If misery porn gets you off, I got bologna sandwich dinners jizzing out of my ears.”
“And your lungs,” she observed, taking a seat on the opposite side of the picnic table. “Stupid, that smoking bit. And he offers food as evidence of poverty, this one. Fascinating.”
“I have a tendency to poor mouth,” I conceded, coughing. “Drama, though, I do have. My mother and I are being evicted from our house in six days. I’m supposed to head to college next week, but I have to make a choice about possibly saving my mother’s house, a place I can’t wait to leave yet I’m hesitant to abandon because my mother’s house, regardless of my negligent mother, is a symbol of the cultural heritage that I kind of don’t care about, but I obviously must care about because my mother, Jalisa, we call her Juicy, she — ” 
"Shagged Vontavious? Remember him? You have lost the plot. You're willing to get ambushed for a peek at some minge from a girl you just met and have every reason in the world not to trust, yet on you go about your mum as if I’m your fucking therapist?"
Cressida glowered, huffed, sighed, but eventually settled on just gazing at me. We gazed at each other in that way that people only gaze at each other when they both have granted each other silent permission to gaze. We were mutually curious. I thought I had everybody in Smith tagged as a certain type of character, but what space ship had dropped off this alien? Walking, I had appraised every inch of the girl, from her sandal heel pops to her voluminous natural hair, to her simple cinnamon sun dress. Sitting, she still scraped the sky. I was nearly eye-level with her nipples. The girl had some meat on them bones. I liked that. Thick. Tall and thick, I'm comfortable with that illustration. She embodied my ideal female — taller than man, buxom, curvaceous, leggy, athletic — an ebony giantess with muscular thighs, toned arms, exceptional dedication to strength training and cardio conditioning. Did she supplement? Oh man, if she supplemented…
I took out my sketchbook and my pencils. Within minutes, I had Cressida captured on paper but my drawing of her paled in comparison to the real thing. She had rendered me speechless — me, the V8 engine of motor mouths. 
The girl eventually broke the silence by saying, "I’m the same age as your sister, yeah? Or thereabouts. You obviously know fuck-all about women. An absolute beginner, he is. No sport in this hunt. We wonder if he’s even worth the bounty."
"I’m not obvious," I boasted, drawing her cleavage. “Lady, I am deep and I am complex. I’m a wit’s wit.”
"Are you, really?" taunted Cressida, turning her head to scan the park. “Brilliant. So that means you’ll be wanking to my naked body that you never saw while you’re lying in hospital, yeah, imagining what you missed as you’re fed mushy peas through a bloody tube?”
“In hospital?”
I was about to inquire about the omitted article in her speech when a sudden movement stirred the bushes nearby. I heard another clicking sound, but as far as I could tell, Cressida had not caused it with her mouth this time.
There came a bang and the world became stars.
Chapter Eight: Benji and The Girl Keep Talking
1
In my dream, I imagined Cressida crashing through the forest. A titan well above fifty feet, she carried my whipped and bloodied body, my miniscule self, rescuing me from the pursuit of other bounty hunters, stomping on tiny men as she galloped. I would not have been Benji if I hadn’t taken the opportunity to suckle a ten-ton nipple that swayed my way as she ran.
“Oi! Charlie fucking Brown! Hey, knob head!”
I caught a slap to the face.
“Up, you!” commanded Cressida, looming above. She slapped me again and I realized that I was lying on the ground, my back on moist sand as I stared up, bewildered, at her face, the sun, the palm trees and high, high above us the flying pig balloon escaped yet again from my mother’s pork processing plant. The ends of Cressida’s hair caressed my face. They tickled my skin. My brain squirted.
“Could this be heaven?” I whispered, woozily. “Finally, I’ll learn the secret of how Neck Bones got his nickname. And whether or not angels have belly buttons. Bliss.”  
“Prat,” laughed Cressida. “What are you on about? You banged your head on a tree running from that swarm of Ladyjacks back there.”
“Ladyjacks?” I exclaimed, startled. “Ladyjacks?” 
She helped me up from the ground. As soon as I was righted, I bent over and puked out cigarette tar. The back of my head burned, and when I fingered it, I discovered a lump to match the rising knot on my forehead. Where was my floppy fisherman’s hat? I spotted it on the ground beside a log, walked over to retrieve it, slipped on wet clay, tumbled, bumbled, stepped on the log and tripped, flipped, landed on my back, yelped, and then repeated the whole process. Cressida laughed.
“Ladyjacks,” she confirmed, smiling as she handed me my hat. “One of them beaned you with a softball in the back of your head right before you ran into that tree. That lot has it in for you, lad. We wonder if they plan on splitting the bounty. Price of double-headed dildos must be up.”
“Where are we?” I asked, my brain still oozing. “And who are ‘we’? Why are you talking like that? Why is Vontavious talking like he’s talking, all metered and shit? More importantly, where are those Ladyjacks? Did you run them all off? How’d you do that?”
“Oh, we have our ways,” she intoned, mysteriously. Her eyes abandoned me for the forest. “Look over there, Benji. Mushrooms. Magic mushrooms.” 
“Pfft, you’re going to need more than that hippie hokum. Although Rocket is no fan of Vontavious, she’s not too smitten with my comedy routine, either. LJs aren’t bad girls, but they are very chaotic neutral. If their hive is stirred up enough to suit up on a Saturday, this bounty hunting nonsense might not be the pillow fight I was expecting.” 
My doubled vision slowly merged and my wits returned. I looked around and saw that we were standing on the bank of a creek. Was this still Smith? I had no clue where the girl had taken me. Any second now, I expected to be ambushed by Vontavious and his posse of Violators. God Two would come rolling at us like a runaway blob of Bubbas. I looked around again and spotted a bloody softball settled at the base of a tree. The Jump Out Boys were not around to jump out and save the day. This manhunter, as she preferred to be called, had me at a great disadvantage. I had hopped, willingly, straight into her snare. 
“Ehh,” I said, imitating Bugs Bunny, “if that was the frying pan, doc, that makes you the fi-uh.”
Cressida didn’t laugh. Instead she revealed the source of the second click I had heard, the one that she had not made with her mouth.
SNIKT!
“Scissors beat paper, yeah?”
“And knife beats Rocket,” I whispered, startled by the flash of her blade. 
2
Cressida’s knife reflected sunlight up into my face.
“One asks oneself,” she said, smirking. “If a man attempts to remain a child by avoiding his life’s reality, would death mean anything to the child if his inner man had never truly lived?”
Perhaps my head was concussed but what she had said made no sense. I didn’t really think she would stab me. I stood motionless, however, not attempting to move, not attempting to respond. A yellowhammer landed on a nearby tree, joining the clouds in the sky as our audience. Suddenly I realized how long it had been since I had last heard a vehicle. Cressida wore a strange grin of satisfaction on her face as she poked her knife in my direction. Instead of laughing, she pronounced the words, “ha, ha, ha-a-a-a” before collapsing the blade back into its fold. She then secured the weapon within her sun dress. I assumed that the manhunter had meant to be menacing, but I found the whole operation more baffling than crazy. I knew crazy. God Two on his tractor driving circles around Planned Parenthood with a ten-foot wheeled cross in tow, that was crazy. Rocket Rodriguez punching me in the face after I had purposefully spoiled the ending to Even Cowgirls Get The Blues, that was crazy. Uncle Pete, during a malt liquor binge, mistaking Temple Emanu-El for The Elks Club — repeatedly — was, indeed, crazy. 
But the bounty hunter with the halo of natural hair was too confident to feign being a badass gone loco. She had the body of an Amazonian warrior, but I could tell Cressida navigated Smith with her cunning, much like I slid beneath the flying fists of the thugs by greasing the runway with my cleverness. 
So how does one outwit a wit’s wit’s wit?
I kissed her.
“Are you kidding me!” Cressida exclaimed, her voice suddenly stripped of its quasi-British accent. She bounded backwards from the lip lock, confused and completely caught off guard, her hand flying up to her mouth — not to wipe away my face fluid, as one might expect, but rather she gestured like a person who had allowed something to escape, had said something she had not meant to say (perhaps in a way she had not meant to say it). 
Just as quickly, the girl recovered. She lowered her hand from her lips, smirked at me, and said, “Cheeky,” her accent renewed, her mask reattached. “Steady on, lad. We’re almost there.”
We continued our journey along the creek.
3
“Can’t Stay Cressida,” I sang, hoping to prod conversation out of her. It was a risky tact, returning to a topic I knew she didn’t like, but after that stolen kiss, I wanted more of whatever she had to offer. 
"I despise that nickname,” groused Cressida, her pace quickening as we trekked beside the creek. “Can’t Stay. As if anyone can really know why other people can't always attend school. As if anyone can really know why anyone does anything, yeah? I’m so glad I dropped out of that particular dungeon."
"You didn't graduate? You were in my sister's class. You dropped out?"
The girl turned around and fixed her eyes on mine but not with her usual authority. If she were casting a spell, and granted, it would be a spell I would gladly allow to bewitch me, she suddenly appeared to have forgotten the magic words.
"You’re following me into an obvious trap," observed Cressida, as if startled by her own insight. "I just pulled a knife on you. Shouldn’t you be worried about your safety? Nobody’s that horny, love."
I did not know how to respond. So, of course, I defaulted to silliness. 
"Maybe I want to slay a few dragons," I boasted, exaggerating her accent. "I hold my own in a row, mate."
"Without your cousins?” teased Cressida. “Are you having a laugh? We know about your crew of adorable little street urchins, that fitness model boy band of yours. What are they called? The Steroid Seven? The Junkyard G-strings?"
“The Jump Out Boys,” I huffed, matching her stride beside the creek. 
“Right,” laughed Cressida. “Wankers for hire. Have circle, will jerk. Why don’t you monetize that action, yeah? You’re like a loan shark who doesn’t charge a vig. Daft, that.” 
She shoved me into the creek.
“Ehh,” I said, splashing to catch up. “We’re sort of in a period of transition. The Jump Out Boys are more of Efrem-Felix’s thing now. Once he started recruiting and got their numbers up, my petty this-for-that boloney got laughed off the battlefield. He runs it as a band of fighters for the bullied. Do-gooders. All work, no play. All JOB or no JOB. But it’s still kid stuff, and we all have to grow up at some point — as you keep inferring — which is why this business with your boyfriend is so ridiculous. ‘V-4-Vendetta.’ Pfft! Say, how much is Vontavious offering for me, anyway? The bounty. How much am I worth? Ten thousand? Forty thousand?”
“Ha!” laughed Cressida. “Mad, this one! As deluded as he is simple! Given the pros and cons of hitchhiking, you are the difference between a bus ride and flying the friendly skies, I’ll grant you that. But this is just skin on the pudding, yeah? I’m out of your Smith, either way. I’m fleeing this conservative hick town, aren’t I? Doing a runner. Been working a long con that’s about to pay off big time, mate. Too right.”
“Pay off,” I said, as we suddenly came to a stop. “Vig. Action. Long con. You sound like my mother. Hey, don’t you live in the projects? You live in Rockchester. I’ve seen you walking that way before. Were you at the riot this morning when Peanut —"
"I stay in Rochester Estate," shot Cressida, hotly, "not Rockchester. And I don't live there. There's a difference."
"What's it like?" I pressed, stupidly. “In Rochester. What's it like living there?"
"It's like living in that car parked outside the liquor store, waiting for your alcoholic, overaged party whore of a mother to come back with her liquor, you sexually repressed, abandonment issues, politically ignorant, Uncle Tom nigger."
I recoiled. 
"Yeah," she spat, angrily. "It feels like that. You're told to stay in your mother's car, not live in it. Rochester is where I stay. I stay in the slums like you stay in your mother's shitty car. Don't make me have to correct you again because I won't. You've been told."
She quickened her pace to a stomping march. 
I paused to consider if I should follow.
Chapter Nine: Benji and The Girl Go Swimming
1
Eventually the woodland in which we walked gave way to an open space, a pond that received the feeding creek. Above us the sun of this Saturday made a steamy jungle of our surroundings. Had noon already passed? I had lost track of time. I had yet to be ambushed. The fun now drained from this silly expedition, I felt irritable, hungry, and ready to storm off back in the direction of Boaz, having no idea in which direction Boaz lay. I wasn’t entirely sure that we were still in Smith. 
Nothing about this pointless journey with the girl had any bearing on whether or not my mother and I would be evicted from our house. If Cressida had been leading me toward a trap, it had failed to spring. Our mutual curiosity had led to mutual differences and bickering, so I doubted we were going to make with the sexy, which, all things considered, had been a ludicrous expectation on my part, given that prolonged conversation and constantly trying to be funny had yet to relieve me of my virginity in past romantic attempts. Why was I still following her? Because she had told me to?
We topped a hill that overlooked the pond. “There’s my girl,” confirmed Cressida, nodding. Despite my concession to the wonder, I vented my desire to put an end to this no-longer-amusing digression. I removed my floppy fisherman’s hat, inspected it, placed it back on.  
"Funky pretty," I observed, gazing down at the water, nonplussed, as if my hat had been more interesting. "Now if you would be so kind as to point me in the direction of my neighborhood. Your boyfriend and his posse evidently made a wrong turn at the pass. This is somebody's property. See that sign? Lamp Home Security. We're trespassing."
"We?" laughed Cressida. "We are not trespassing, love. I live here."
Her dress hit the ground around her sandals. Cressida faced me when this happened, so my eyes went straight for the prize. Oi, those breasts. Panties down now. Natural everywhere. Fat down there. Dangling. She had kept her promise of nudity. Dangling. She slipped her feet out of her sandals and I swore I heard a squish but not a squish from her soles. My dick grew hard. Here she stood bare and ready to model, wet without touching the water. "So there's that," teased Cressida, smirking. "Guess what happens next, yeah?"
"Vontavious plops down from your big old vagina and he shoots me in the face."
"What? You try so hard to play it so cool. Look at you, greedy. Voyeur. You're debauched. You’re perverted. I bet when you write about this, you’re going to make it all nasty, you will. 'My big old pussy.' Oh, but doesn’t he like to watch my big old pussy. Look at my pussy. Pussy, pussy, pussy. My pussy. My pussy."
If she'd said "pussy" one more time, I was going to cum. Luckily, she said, "Watch this!"
With an unladylike guffaw, the naked giantess danced down the hill, all loose hair and bouncing buttocks. Before her body became fully immersed in the pond, she had me mesmerized. A mosquito landed on my neck. I let it bite me because, much like a winning gambler, I was in a thrall, in Cressida's thrall, daring not to disturb a thing — a misdealt card, a teetering stack of chips, a box of rain, a biting mosquito — dared disturb not a thing that could overturn the delicate order of fateful chaos. A momentary lapse of reason. I let the mosquito bite me because if I did not let the mosquito bite me, the hill, the pond, and Cressida's bare body would all be sucked into a sudden vortex and blown across the universe. Taking no chances on that happening, I just stood there, the fool on the hill, the penis erect. The girl beckoned. She did not have to prompt me twice to join her. 
I jogged down the hill, stripped off everything but my underwear and my floppy fisherman’s hat. I waded into the pond until I was in next to her, neck-deep near nookie. She immediately swam up to me and snatched off my hat, threw it to shore. I was appraised.
"Undies on, yeah? Brilliant."
"Some things you save for the honeymoon, Cress."
"Yeah. Call me that."
"Watercress."
"A right fucker, you are!" she laughed, splashing me.
I dove and resurfaced. Crepuscular rays greeted my rebirth. Cress swam off and around and then far and then near in long, athletic strokes that highlighted her powerful leg and arm strength. I could sort of swim, but I never felt comfortable doing it. I could tread water like an otter, though, and that's what I did, drinking in the goddess, her black skin, her curvaceous form. 
Less tranquil a sight was that of the house standing within yards of the pond, opposite the hill. It looked rustic but not neglected, obviously occupied though obviously not at the moment. Our view was of its back porch. On that back porch sat two pairs of sneakers parked by a set of wooden rocking chairs. Wind chimes dangled. I was startled to realize that what I’d thought was a shadow in one of the windows was actually a house cat staring at me. A breeze played the chimes. Was that a beekeeper’s hat and veil? This place belonged to white people. 
Before I could dwell further on our trespassing, Cressida swam past me and exited the pond. I followed. Before she led me back to the top of the hill, she picked up my pants and flung them into the water. “A disservice to the environment,” she declared, laughing, “but a relief to the senses, you malodorous sod.” 
She then climbed the hill. Instead of putting on her sun dress, she spread it out on the grass then lay atop it. I followed.
"Why now?" I asked, trembling as I watched her slip a condom package out of her dress. "I mean, if this is a trap —"
"Because I know where you live now," whispered Cressida, "not just where you stay. I know where you truly live."
We kissed. I watched her put the condom on me. I felt her put the condom on me.
"But what about Vontavious?" I asked, fumbling, bumbling, mumbling.
"He's too big," laughed Cressida. "Way too big. He wants to put his too-big dick in my butt hole."
"What?"
She accepted me. I responded with a thrust and she responded with a roll of her hips.
"Oh, damn."
"It's good, yeah?"
"Oh, damn, I lost my sketchbook."
"That’s not all you lost."
Rock and Roll. 
Cressida rocked.
And she rolled.
Chapter Ten: Welcome to Adulthood, Man
1
"Where have you been?" asked Cherrelle, greeting me at the door of her apartment. "Free Love ain't seen you. Efrem-Felix ain't seen you. Nobody has seen you since this morning, Benji."
I sniffed my fingers. 
“Benji?” I muttered, instantly transported back to the pond. “Who’s Benji?”
My sister’s apartment building stood a few blocks down from our mother’s house. After having sex with Cressida earlier that same day, my deflowerer had led me on a walkabout of other natural wonders beyond the realm of planned development. She had eventually brought me back to Boaz. To here. The two of us had parted ways at the entrance to Rochester Estate. No promises had been made to meet each other again, though not without my petition. Cressida’s focus had shifted during the walk home. She had kept scanning the streets as if on the look-out for Vontavious and his gang. No clarification came concerning her bounty hunting mission. In fact, the manhunter was more of an enigma when she left me than when she had first appeared at the window of my art shed. A curt “Right” had been her response to me asking to see her again, and we had left it with an awkward handshake.  
“You haven’t even started packing yet,” nagged Cherrelle, as I entered her apartment. “Don’t let that ugliness at Peanut’s this morning faze you. You’re going off to school and that’s all there is to it. Wherever you hid out today, at least you weren’t —” 
Lightning struck, and her eyes opened wide, and her hand flew up to her mouth.
"Nuh uh!" Cherrelle exclaimed, scrutinizing me with a quizzical squint. "Benji?"
"What?"
She started laughing. "Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow oh wow."
Thunderstruck for a second and then she became outright ridiculous. "Oh, wow. Oh, wow," Cherrelle repeated, head bouncing, mouth agape. "First, you wreck Juicy’s car. You run over Vontavious. Then you have every hardleg in the tri-state area chasing after your tail. You go missing for half a day. Now you show up here, having obviously... Oh, wow. Benji, you're starting to scare me. Hold up. Let me see something."
My sister grabbed me by the shoulders and spun me around.
"Nope," laughed Cherrelle. "No 666."
"Look, Chey. I don't know what you think you know but —"
"You had sex with a girl who wears hippie oil."
I paused.
"Okay, you know that," I conceded. "That you do know."
I floated somewhere between embarrassment and pride, somewhere uncomfortable but not altogether unpleasant. I felt special, as if I had become part of an elite club, a club so elite that I was pretty sure my sister, even with all of her older sibling wisdom, had yet to join. Cherrelle did not drink alcohol, did not smoke anything, did not curse and did not carouse, nor did she ever miss a day of church. She was devout — crafty and hip and forever young but decidedly lacking the debauchery that had devoured our mother and me. Cherrelle had boyfriends but, according to that sultan of all sleaze, our cousin Free Love, she always, "Left them dudes frustrated and hating life." So I went to Cherrelle’s apartment, reeking of sex? My pants were still damp from when Cressida had tossed them into the pond. I had retained my floppy fisherman’s hat but my sketchbook was nowhere to be seen.
"Because I know these things," boasted Cherrelle, responding to my query of her detective skills. "Benji, you're so obvious."
"Of course I am. Look at me. I was almost home, ready to shower and change, when out jumps Peanut, of all people, telling me to come see you immediately. I thought there was some sort of police situation going on, given what happened with him this morning. Is he staying here with you and Dee Dee?”
"Nope," said Cherrelle, as I followed her into the living room. "Peanut made other arrangements. Except for his clothes, most of his stuff was already moved out. Monique was the one who turned the whole thing into a stand-off, refusing to pack box one. Don’t let that be you. Juicy can play the drama queen all she wants, but you have to get up out of Boaz, eviction or no eviction. It’s just a house."
I attempted to flop down on the couch. Cherrelle halted my descent by yanking the brim of my hat backwards. She then removed it and placed it on a coat rack. My sister was the only person I knew who owned a coat rack. "Oh, but that won't do," she declared, waving air in front of her nostrils. "I don't want this place smelling like a head shop. Shower, please."
"Head shop,” I chuckled. “Speaking of good times, it’s not just a house, you know. Grandmamma took us in, remember? I’m too young to recall when we first moved in, but still. It’s not just a house. Maybe Juicy has a point about community college. I mean, would it be such a crisis for me to stick around for two years?”
“What?” said Cherrelle, visibly alarmed. “That girl done got you sprung this fast? Benji, Benji, Benji. What are ya’ll going to do, move into your little shed? I’m glad I’m driving you now instead of you taking the Greyhound. Still, this is going to be a long couple of days until we hit the road for campus. A long night.” 
“Yeah, why did Peanut tell me to come over here?”
I ran around Cherrelle and dove onto the couch, shouting, “Excelsior!” as I landed.
“We’re taking Peanut out tonight,” explained Cherrelle. “He could use a break from all the drama. We all could, actually. Maybe a night out is what you need to stop thinking about that girl, Romeo. Of all the reasons to get stuck here in Boaz…”
“Oh, please,” I pooh-poohed, rising from the couch. “Give me a little credit, Chey. Do I look like I’m obsessed?” 
As soon as I hit the shower, I jerked off. Twice. It occurred to me, as I masturbated — my strenuous sexual encounter with Cressida looping in my overheated recall — it occurred to me, as I masturbated, that losing my virginity had been an act performed by a virgin. I could’ve been better. I could’ve lasted longer. If "youth is wasted on the young," then, to me, defloration was wasted on the inexperienced. 
I could not know for certain because I did not ask, but nothing I had done to Cressida at the pond seemed comparable to the disciplining expertise of the things that Cressida had done to me. It had been fantastic. Other-worldly. Enchanting. Aside from the physical pleasure, I had changed. Cressida had changed me. I knew that she had changed me, but what I did not know was whether or not she had made me a man. I felt more confident. I felt more like I belonged on the same planet as other human beings, if not yet the same plane of perception. I did not quite feel like a man.
Yet.
2
"Plan B the beach," ordered Cherrelle, speaking on the phone to her roommate, Dee Dee. "Since that Lamp condo got built, too many snooty rich white people are at the beach. When do you get off work? Are you dancing tonight? What? Oh. Of course, Dee Dee. White people attract sharks."
Cherrelle rolled her eyes.
"Oh, of course, Dee Dee," I repeated, singing Doo-Wop on the couch. "Dumb dumb, dip-da-dip-da-dip, dumb dumb..."
"No, bump that," said Cherrelle, now in the kitchen with the phone. "Plan C the beach. I really don't want to go to the amusement park at night because it's more fun in the day, in my opinion, but I'd rather not go to the beach more than I would rather not go to the amusement park. Wait, did I say that right?"
"Well, hush my mouth!" I shouted, watching the Southern variety show Hee-Haw on the television. "How did those corn stalks get past the censors? That halved peach? Look at the sweet potato pie on that one. And those labia, err, I mean those chitterlings look so…slippery. How did she goop it around me like that? It tugged. Hey, Cherrelle, I need to use the shower again!"
"Yeah, that's my brother," Cherrelle sighed, now in the living room, switching the television channel. "Yeah. No. I have no idea, Deandra. Probably one of those suspects that lives around here. These young girls are so fast nowadays. It ain't like when we were in high school."
"Last century," I chuckled and promptly got popped on the leg. "I'm tempted to expose the irony in your back-in-the-day baloney, Chey. The suspect you speak of is a former classmate of yours. Not a cheerleader, like you were, of course. She’s all woman."
"Hey, enough about your icky love life." 
Cherrelle walked to the kitchen island. Though surrounded by bar stools, it had never been used as a liquor bar. Intoxicants were banned in her home. 
"Seven o'clock," she dictated, checking the Scripture-themed clock on the wall. "Yes, Dee Dee. No, Dee Dee. Carwash? Too soon. Let's do the carwash next Saturday morning. Peanut’s favorite place is Egypt. Yes, Dee Dee, still. He likes to look at our old dance team trophies in the display case. It’ll cheer him up. Okay. Roller skating rink it is, then."
Once the destination had been set, Cherrelle turned her telephone into a switchboard of incoming/outgoing calls, dialing up a party court of the older, cooler crowd. 
Her inner circle gradually arrived, her entourage. Her crew was composed of all shapes and sizes of young black adults, some fat, some fit and some pre-diabetic, most of them modeling Peanut’s wardrobe creations. They adored my sister, their queen, as much as I adored mocking her — with brotherly love, of course.
"Cherrelle's farts smell like condensed milk," I posited as a point of living room conversation. 
"What?" asked one of Cherrelle’s friends.
"Condensed milk," I repeated, switching the television to Three’s Company. "My sister’s flatulence smells distressingly sweet. Now let's all take turns discussing what Cherrelle's farts smell like. Dee Dee? Peanut?"
"We hate you."
“Ain’t I a stinker?”
Speak, memory! Speak of straightening combs! Speak of cocoa butter! Speak of whatever the heck "jojoba oil" was and whatever its purpose and its efficacy! The fog of aerosol, the gel of Royal Crown hair dressing, the waft of nail polish smell, that chemical shower of product fried and pressed wafted up the hall out of my sister's bathroom. Sniff, memory! Memory, you reek of jojoba, you temptress, you!
"Benji," said Cherrelle, stepping over the bridge of bare backs supplied by her kneeling supplicants, "you’d better call those ridiculous cousins of yours if you want them to go to Egypt with us." 
Well, well, well. The queen had granted a pardon. Aside from her apartment, Cherrelle had previously banned my cousins from certain outings, the animal theme park, in particular, because Free Love would not stop beat-boxing the names of every animal we saw. We had seen a lot of animals. Lifting the ban on Efrem-Felix and Free Love signaled Cherrelle’s acknowledgment that these were indeed the final hours of our youth, the last days of play play. 
"Well, son," I drawled in a hillbilly accent. "Looks like we got us a hootenanny!"
"What’s a hootenanny?" asked Dee Dee, forever stumped by my references.
My sister's roommate, Deandra, worked as a cashier in the hospital gift shop where Cherrelle worked as a nurse. Evenings, she supplemented her income as an exotic dancer at Smith’s premier strip club, Satyricon. How my churchgoing sister wound up with a stripper for a roommate made about as much sense to me as the duo’s tendency to lounge around their apartment in matching workout gear. I knew this because Free Love and I clocked many an hour lounging around wherever Dee Dee was lounging around. The girls had been longtime gym buddies and that’s perhaps how they had become roomies. They exercised so often that I drew their comic book counterparts as acrobatic super agents like Dirty Pair or the sexy action chicks in Andy Sidaris movies. I titled their comic book series Ebony Vengeance Fury Girls, Kill! Kill! Kill! though I couldn’t make it past drawing issue number two, due to my chronic Krissy Delacroix masturbation fatigue. Yes, I masturbated to my own artwork. Cherrelle was “Nurse Noble” (Nobie) and Dee Dee was “Krissy Delacroix.” I drew them fighting crime in yoga pants. Free Love admitted that there was absolutely zero chance of him ever returning issue one dry of semen, much less in mint condition. 
Usually I would have been making advances toward the real-life Krissy Delacroix, attempting to woo the leggy black supermodel with talk of video games and Doctor Who. But now that I had come to know a female in the Biblical sense and had come hard while knowing that female in the Biblical sense, my sister’s hot roommate was yesterday’s cum encrusted sock fantasy. Old wank. This folly, of course, was the rationale of the slighted male ego. Idiot.
“Hey, Benji,” cooed Dee Dee, picking up the remote control and changing the channel from Three’s Company to Star Trek. “Guess what? I finally watched those science fiction shows that you recommended. That Frank Herbert book you loaned me, yep, I read that. And I started watching the Terry Gilliam, too, and I checked out that art exhibit and those graphic novels that you gave me, they were —”
I walked over and farted in Dee Dee’s face.
“Too late,” I yawned, fanning my butt. “Go make me a sandwich.”
"Cherrelle!"
"Benji!"
"Dee Dee!"
“Peanut!”
“Benji!”
“Cherrelle!”
“Dee Dee!”
“Peanut!”
“Boy, I’m gonna slap you upside your head!” yelled Peanut. “What’s wrong with you? Malfunctioning jackass!”
“As is my nature.” 
Cherrelle's Saturday night fever spread like lanolin. Nothing beat the sheer youthful fanaticism of my sister's event planning come to fruition. Here is where it would get really crazy. My sister’s apartment became crosstown traffic. 
Arrived Free Love and Efrem-Felix. 
"Only the finest, Deandra," whispered Free Love, beseeching the exotic dancer on bended knee. "Pork rinds and hot sauce, my beloved. Or perhaps the Perrier and the pigs feet, mon cheri.”
“Pigs feet?” 
“Come on, girl, just let me sniff a boot. One boot. How much do you charge for your church panties?"
"Cherrelle!"
“Free Love!”
“Benji!”
“Peanut!”
“Cherrelle!”
“Efrem-Felix!”
“Dee Dee!”
“Cherrelle!”
“Vontavious!” shouted Free Love, to which I turned my head, panicked, and shouted, “Vontavious? Where?” Free Love laughed and laughed and laughed.
“But seriously, though, Benji,” warned Efrem-Felix, “that roller skating rink we’re going to tonight is a notorious Vontavious hang. The Violators will be all over that place. And don’t forget about your bounty hunters. I doubt they’ve forgotten about you.”
“Damn,” I said, sobering. “Again with that other thing. Every time I lose the plot, the plot has a way of hunting me down.”
Chapter Eleven: Boys Town, Part One
1
Free Love, Efrem-Felix, and I always started in my bedroom first, so a walk down the street to my mother's house followed an agreement to meet back at Cherrelle's apartment for a ride to the roller skating rink later that Saturday night. Preparing to go out was not a hassle for me. I had a limited sense of fashion and a limited budget. I was a jeans-and-Hawaiian-shirt guy, really, but Free Love and Efrem-Felix committed themselves to styling with a sobriety that Cherrelle praised. The financially disadvantaged could still find chic in the discount bin, if so inclined. It was never couture yet immaculately maintained. Woe be unto the particle of dust that ventured upon the attire of the self-conscious poor. 
"I wouldn't wear them shoes," warned Free Love, shaking his head at my selection. "That's last month’s style, chump."
"We're going skating," I said, slipping on the sneakers. "And I didn't even wear these last month. They're new."
"Wearing them don't matter," observed Efrem-Felix. "Those shoes are already outdated."
"What?" I asked, incredulously. "I just bought these a few days ago. They were new to the store. What, do you need a time machine to keep up with the cool now? These are already skippies?"
"Bobos," assessed Efrem-Felix, queuing up the ode to cheap footwear.
"Bobos," sang Free Love. "Cost a dollar ninety-nine. Bobos, make your feet feel fine. Bobos —"
"I want to wear them all the time."
"Bobos."
I got approval to wear another pair of sneakers that I had bought three months earlier because I had bought them during a waxing moon phase. Waxing moon phase footwear regains favor during a waning moon phase if worn on a Saturday, three months hence.
"Still," cautioned Free Love, consulting a calendar on the wall, "it may prove foolhardy to ignore the solstice."
"They're just shoes!" 
Inevitably, Efrem-Felix would observe my hairline and declare it not up to snuff. He was the barber of the family. One would imagine the role belonged to Cherrelle, considering her attention to all things fashion. She did hair, but Efrem-Felix had a way with a pair of clippers. Like all things sharp and dangerous, razors suited the ninja.
"You need a touch-up," observed Efrem-Felix, squinting at my forehead. "What do you think, Free?"
"I think Dee Dee might put out," mused Free Love. "Given the right circumstances."
"Which would be?" I asked.
"The solstice," declared Free Love, matter-of-fact. “Or that other one, the one where you have to cut a hole in a box to look at the sun. It puts the females in heat.”
“A solar eclipse?”
“Women infrequently admit their clitoral connection to the cosmos,” professed Free Love, dodging the shoe Efrem-Felix threw at him. “The celestial. The lunar. The tidal. The parting of the red. But I be watching. And I be parting. Oh, I be parting.”
A while later, the three of us walked down to Uncle Tiny and Free Love’s house where Uncle Un and Efrem-Felix were now living due to their eviction. It would have made more sense for them to stay with me and my mother, given the extra space we had, but Uncle Un preferred the company of his brother much like Efrem-Felix preferred the company of Free Love. “Grandmamma had a home,” explained Cherrelle, “Juicy has a house.” I knew what she meant by that. However, I also knew that Uncle Un viciously beat on Efrem-Felix whereas hitting her kids was something Juicy never did. I could not fathom how she grew up with such a violent man as our Uncle Un.   
Already overcrowded with the presence of Uncle Tiny’s wife’s kin that they had also taken in due to eviction, the humble home greeted us with its bustling array of relatives — little cousins, older cousins, aunts and uncles, nieces and nephews — and their music, their card games, their video games, their dominoes, and their food from an ongoing fish fry and backyard party with neighboring friends. I would have preferred to stay here rather than go to Egypt. Besides the possibility of running into Vontavious, a night at the roller skating rink struck me as a step back into play play. So did having my hair cut.  
"You let yourself go," observed Efrem-Felix, breath all in my face as he took to my head with his clippers. "You wear that stupid hat too much. You're slippin', cuz." 
I sat in a chair in the middle of the kitchen, towel draped around my neck, little kids scampering underfoot. Free Love floated in and out, his attention divided between my haircut and the grown folks in the living room watching a movie. I noted that Uncle Un was present. Lowball Larry must have had some sort of legal skill if he had gotten his client out of jail.
"How do you know I'm not considering dreadlocks?" I asked Efrem-Felix. "They keep going in and out of style. Again, one needs a time machine for the cool around here."
"You need something," snorted Efrem-Felix, applying the clippers. "I don't know of a girl who favors cucabugs and nappy hair. Then again, I wouldn't know of a girl who favored you, up until recently."
"Hey," I objected. "Did that come out like you wanted it to come out? Plenty of girls favor me. They just don’t favor me all the way. And I guess the grapevine forgot about my car crash. That Vontavious instigated. The grapevine is all about my love life now, huh? Dang it, Chey."
"The grapevine ain't got nothing to do with it," said Efrem-Felix. "Chey, neither. Some of everybody done seen that girl leading you around today in that spell she has you under. Sprung. With Vontavious' piece. Benji, you only got, what, a couple of days before you're on the last chopper out of Boaz? A short-timer. Why draw a bead to yourself now?"
"Just because you’re war chief of JOB," I chuckled, "doesn’t make my life one of your action-adventure movies, Efrem-Felix. The last chopper out of Boaz? Please. And Cressida does not have me under a spell."
“She has you under something," interjected Free Love from the living room. "Matter of fact, I saw them walking by the pool today. Cuz looked plenty spellbound to me. Confounded by the coochie."
Efrem-Felix completed his barbering. Before the green rubbing alcohol made its requisite application to my nape, he held a mirror up to my face.
"See that?" asked Efrem-Felix.
"Yeah," I nodded, appraising my hairline. "Looks good."
"No," he insisted, jabbing me in the forehead with a comb. "I mean that. That's what your brain looks like when it's inside your skull. I always thought it was intelligent. But then again, I can't see it with the dumb in the way."
"What?"
He sighed. "Yo, check it. Vontavious has to know about you and that girl. She ain't exactly hiding you from him, Benji. Arrogant to think she ain't running some kind of con on you, cuz. Can't Stay Cressida. Yet she can stay for Benji? Tactical foolishness. But the good thing is, now your head will get busted open to the white meat for real and your brain will pop out like a coconut. Then I can see how stupid it truly is. Study its affliction."
"Jealous," I spat, rising up from the chair. "You’re just jealous. About her. About my college. About everything."
"She's a player," warned Efrem-Felix. "A hustler. Like him or not, Vontavious gonna make that mint, no doubt. Bump money in the bank. Vontavious is the bank. Fo sho. I mean, just imagine how many females old boy got trying to get him caught up. Pregnancy traps. Rape accusations. Pay-offs. Abortions. Plain old falling in love. And this one — notorious already she is, shady already she is — this one is all of a sudden into a black nerd with no street cred? You do realize you ran over Vontavious’ throwing arm, right?"
"Whatever," I hissed, growing heated.
"A player," repeated Efrem-Felix. "And you don't even know the game."
"So you say.”
"Benji, you don't know any games — that’s what I say. You just draw what you see. You don't live it. You live in your sketchbook and your art studio. Streets ain't for you, cuz."
"Silly rabbit," I quipped.
"Jokes, jokes," Efrem-Felix chided. "Do you want to hear a real joke? The crews we run with ain’t nothing but play play. Play play fights. Play play chases. Play play jump-outs. What happens when Vontavious decides to stop playing with your corny tail? What’s the punchline, Benji? Try and duck his punch? End it with a rim shot? You drove. Over. His throwing. Arm."
"Keep your green alcohol!" I snapped. "It doesn't cool anything! Free, let's go!"
"Ruh-roh," giggled Free Love, aloof. "Wouldn't it be funny if Scooby Doo an’em were chasing after you, too? Running in and out of a hall of doors with Sonny and Cher?"
Free Love's preposterously un-funny remark conflicted with the tension brewing between me and the barber of bummerville. Silence greeted his comedy.
"And Mama Cass," deadpanned Free Love, defiantly. "You know, I hate to be that dude who keeps spouting out references, but fellas, I have a bad feeling about this. Us going to that skating rink tonight, a known Vontavious hang? Trouble."
"Big whoop," I scoffed. "We're going to be in a public place. Hundreds of black people. Hundreds of black people in a low-cost entertainment venue. What's the worst that could happen?"
Efrem-Felix used his hand to form a finger gun. Another finger gun! Of course, my cousin the wannabe mercenary then attached an invisible silencer, pointed the imaginary weapon at my face.
“Childish,” I dismissed.
“Escalation,” insisted Efrem-Felix, squeezing the trigger. “You’d better hope the time has not yet come to set aside childish things.”
Chapter Twelve: Boys Town, Part Two
1
Our final destination before heading back to Cherrelle's for the skating rink trip did little to ease the tension between me and Efrem-Felix. We entered Free Love’s dojo, his bedroom that he now shared with his homeless cousin. A shrine to all things Shaolin even before Efrem-Felix had bivouacked, the room — in its current state of double male occupancy — threatened to explode in a testosterone geyser of exercise equipment, Dollar Store cologne, and Mixed Martial Arts videos playing incessantly on YouTube. Likewise, the walls were plastered in action-adventure movie posters to the point where I saw the word “ninja” so many times it began to look like a slur.
"Listen to this," said Free Love at his dresser as Efrem-Felix and I sat on his bed. 
Free Love had acquired a working 1980s boom box from a garage sale. He paused the podcast that had been playing in the background, Geeks Gone Raw’s Scarcasm with Scarfinger an’em, and hit PLAY on the oversized music machine that sat atop his dresser. A classic Rap song blasted, shaking the walls and earning a prompt "Hey, in there!" from Uncle Tiny. Racks of cassette tapes, none of them labeled, tumbled from Free Love's dresser to the floor. Simultaneously, Efrem-Felix’s time-worn chess set, his prized possession gifted to him by JOB’s martial arts instructor, was stirred by the boom. The chess pieces shifted on the board. Efrem-Felix’s eyes lit up with epiphany. I knew he planned JOB’s anti-bully missions according to game strategy. Something had infused his calculations, an opposing move revealing itself on the chessboard. He didn’t voice what he foresaw. 
"It’s a hot jam," boasted Free Love, dancing to the music. 
"It's an old jam," dismissed Efrem-Felix. "Member berries. Musty old tapes that came with that obsolete ghetto blaster.” 
“Maybe this city needs an ‘obsolete’ ghetto blaster,” said Free Love, defensively.
“Not obsolete,” I chimed in. “Old school.”
Efrem-Felix huffed. “This city needs a ghetto blaster, alright. But not the musical kind. Automatic, locked and loaded, high tech military madness is what Smith, Alabama needs. One day JOB will do the job the cops can’t do — thanks to bleeding heart left-tavists like Cherrelle. One day, though. One day.”
“What?” I said, laughing.
“Bet,” challenged Efrem-Felix. “Bullies, drug dealers, pimps, rapists, child molesters, domestic abusers — woman beaters — all of the wicked will fall to the ground in a righteous red storm blessed by good God’s providence.”
If I had been drinking water, I would’ve spit it out. 
Efrem-Felix pressed on: “What, indeed. Liberals like Benji ain’t got the stomach for it, Free, for what really needs to be done to make our neighborhoods safe for humble folk. Too busy protesting the valiant cops along with the corrupt cops, throwing the baby out with the bathwater, these wishy-washy ‘experts’ on race relations eating their utopian pie in their atheist sky.”
“A cop in Dothan blinded your half-brother in his right eye after the corrupt, no-justice, separatist system in Dothan extorted him into bankruptcy.”
 “A valid point,” conceded Efrem-Felix, begrudgingly. “So we must police our own streets. Counterpoint: the riot at Rochester was Monique’s fault. Good cops have to pay the price for bad cops and bad citizens. But ya’ll don’t want to hear that. White progressives. Black academics. Coffee shop rappers and pothead hipsters.”
“Injustice for all,” I pushed back. “Might doesn’t make right. You’ve been beefing with those paranoid rednecks for so long that you’re brainwashed by their gun fetishism, just like Vontavious is brainwashed by celebrity. Nobody wants to make do with what they have anymore. That was the beauty of play play. Humbleness was the original life hack. But now? End of. Imagination is dead. Attain, attain. Defend, defend. Grab a gun and ‘grab them by the pussy.’ Brilliant.”
“Speaking of hipsters,” yawned Efrem-Felix, dismissing my rant and inspecting the boom box. “Just look at that thing. Speakers the size of dinner plates.”
“I don’t do earbuds,” declared Free Love, still dancing.
“It has knobs,” mocked Efrem-Felix.
"And you have issues," I quipped. 
"Deluded,” snorted Efrem-Felix. “Benji has yet to meet a distraction he can resist. Too much entertaining bullshit to be consumed. Drop and give me twenty, Jump Out! Cuz can’t do it. Lapsed. We haven’t seen you in the gym in over a month, B. But I’m pretty sure this latest distraction with a female will improve your focus.” 
"Don’t you have a set of swap meet nunchuks you should be playing with?"
"Deluded," repeated Efrem-Felix, glaring at me. "You and that tramp of yours are in for a reckoning. You ran over the throwing arm of a high school quarterback who signed with a major four-year university. A high school quarterback known for conveniently forgetting he's a preacher's son when he gets angry at somebody. And he has no agenda, no plan, no scheme for revenge? He just lets girlfriend number sixty-three have sex with you? You know she lives in Rockchester, right?"
"No. She stays in Rockchester. In Rochester. Cressida stays in Rochester like you’re staying here at Free Love’s. We’re judging people’s living arrangements now? I thought I was supposed to be ashamed of my tongue for making fun of Douglas. What happened to your high road, four-eyes?"
Efrem-Felix stopped fiddling with his chessboard and stared at me, unblinking. Knowing that I was in for yet another lecture, I folded my arms, mirroring his countenance.
"High road,” sniffed Efrem-Felix, gazing at me with contempt. “Okay. Let’s talk high road, Benji. I lost sight of my high road when you had thought it was funny to spoil our opening game back in eleventh grade by belly dancing on the field. It’s all about Benji, you see. So hilarious. So irreverent. Then my high road got destroyed when you again thought it was funny to mock JOB, a group of young men actively trying to affect change in our environment instead of hiding from the cruel, cruel world with his warped creativity, constantly laughing at us non-creatives. It’s all about Benji, get it?”
I didn’t take the bait. I remained composed.
“But you know, sometimes I wonder if we’ve been chasing after the wrong bullies when there’s an inconsiderate, smart-mouthed verbal abuser running around here making fun, drawing caricatures of everybody he sees. Maybe it is all about Benji. I mean, what a wonderful guy, that Benji, what an evolved progressive liberal, claiming he doesn’t see race like the rest of us dumdums. You’d never tell it by those fat-lipped coons he draws.” 
I grimaced yet remained calm.
“Know what else he doesn’t see? He doesn’t see the devil because he doesn’t believe in hell, the great liberal thinker, this Benji. Oh, but the devil does exist and hell is hot. Did she burn you, Benji? Plan on getting tested? I hope you wore a rubber, dumb ass."
"Oh, fuck you, Efrem-Felix!" I yelled, leaping up from the bed. 
"Man, ya'll need to chill out," said Free Love, calmly. “Inhale the Drakkar Noir.”
“Knock-off toilet water that you bought from the trunk of Lowball Larry’s hooptie!” I sniped.
“Can there be more bliss than a bargain?” whispered Free Love. “Enter the chamber of the Dollar Store Clan. Discount specials. Customer reward cards. Soon-to-expire meat selections. Quiet your troubled minds.”
Free Love, ever the peacemaker, tented a pyramid with his fingers. Both Efrem-Felix and I halted our bickering in order to watch what he was doing. Eyes closed, Free Love inhaled. Eyes closed, Free Love exhaled. His mantra: “Fluffy eggs, well-drained bacon. Fluffy eggs, well-drained bacon,” he chanted several times, keeping his eyes shut while picking up cassette tapes from the floor. Despite the absurdity of his meditation, it dawned upon me that perhaps Free Love’s breakfast obsession had roots in his past, back when the bullies used to call him “Free Lunch” for being part of the free breakfast and free lunch program. Getting stuck on a joke had always been key to our humor, but Free, as of late, seemed to be balls-deep in his breakfast comedy groove. I saw it as another sign that I was not the only one having difficulty saying goodbye to our glory days of repurposing the shame and embarrassment of growing up low-income. In Boaz, if you got picked on for food vouchers and cheap clothing (and despite my cousins’ fastidiousness, all of our clothing was very cheap), you embraced your food vouchers and your cheap clothing, took ownership of the dire ludicrousness of our station, of our embarrassing poverty. 
“Fluffy eggs, well-drained bacon. Fluffy eggs, well-drained bacon.”
2
Free Love had successfully lowered, albeit momentarily, the conflict between me and Efrem-Felix. We were still camped out in Free Love’s bedroom. The moment until we met up with Cherrelle and them to go to the roller skating rink seemed eternal. Family fights had a tendency to do that. But it was hard to stay angry in the presence of a calming force such as Free Love. 
Our harmony-loving cousin treated us to a medley of songs as he searched for a fitting soundtrack for reconciliation. Most of his cassettes were unlabeled. Some of them weren’t even music but dialogue from taped soap operas, of all things. He taped soap opera audio on a boom box? Did daytime soap operas still exist? 
"Groovy,” whispered Free Love, playing his ultimate chill-out tune, “Summer Breeze,” The Isley Brothers’ cover version. He centered himself and inhaled. He opened his third eye and exhaled. “Copasetic, you dig? Now dig this. Could be the blame's to share. Both of ya'll are in the wrong, my brothers. Benji, you know you're wrong for acting like Vontavious ain't no real threat. Tit-for-tat scrapping been known to escalate when a female gets involved. Vontavious might have a scholarship he doesn't want to jeopardize by putting you in the hospital, but that army of hardlegs, roughnecks, and do-boys riding his coattails sure as heck ain't got no scholarships. Douglas? Play the fool he may with his alphabet rapping, but some of everybody know the kind of shameless, don't-give-a-dern gangsterism Abbott Street can produce. Empty bellies make for odd alliances. Situations get out of hand with a quickness when some of everybody hustlin' for that kibble."
The bass of his boom box grew deeper. I tried to escape with it by bobbing my head but Free Love's admonishment had hit its mark. I pictured the face of the boy who had been shot in the park last summer. He had died. After my atomic jank session earlier in the day, Free Love had deemed me a snake. Maybe the boy who had been shot in the park last summer had been a snake, too. Each of us is somebody’s pest.
"Go ahead and take this the wrong way," cautioned Free Love, lowering the treble on his boom box further. "That's a mighty slick partner you're dancing with there, Benji. Like you don't know why they be calling her Can't Stay Cressida. She didn't drop out of school to join the circus. That is, unless the circus got a new attraction called Scheming Schemer, The Little Engine That Thought She Could Fuck Her Way Out of Town. That being said, Efrem-Felix, you're cock-blocking like your nut is somehow involved. That’s wrong thought, my brother. Look to Willie D from the Geto Boys, who said, you gotta ‘Let a ho be a ho.’ So let a floozy flooz, Efrem-Felix. And a floozy she be."
"Do you guys hate women?” I spat, agitated.
“We respect women more than you do,” observed Efrem-Felix. “You and your smutty artwork. See, women aren’t a problem until men screw up and make them into problems. Benji, don’t act like you’re some sort of male feminist. Your porn harvesting was what kept you so long from trying to meet a female and have sex. Good luck with your first relationship.”
"Square biz," continued Free Love, literally wagging a finger in my face. "That’s why you need to meditate on this Cressida situation before it escalates. As soon as I saw ya'll walking past the pool, I said, uh-oh. Cuz done fell for the oldest trick in the book. The honey trap."
“The honey trap?”
Free Love abruptly walked across his bedroom and retrieved two kettlebells from his workout area. The dark-skinned colossus began pumping iron, double kettlebell training, mindful of me and Efrem-Felix processing his lecture. 
Suddenly I felt tired. When was the last time I had gone to the gym? In the lull, Efrem-Felix picked up the queen from his chessboard. He scanned the other pieces as he thought. Again, he withheld his insights, an introspective “Hurm…” his only utterance.
"The honey trap?" I asked again.
"What? Oh yeah, the honey trap," mumbled Efrem-Felix.
"The honey trap," I conceded with a sigh. "The honey trap."
“None of us know the game,” groused Efrem-Felix, studying his chessboard intently. “Not the one Vontavious is playing. What worries me is that he has yet to make the move that he should have made by now, strategically speaking. Where’s the payback? The vengeance? Where is the wrath? What is he waiting for?”
“It ain’t nothing nice,” warned Free Love, lifting his weights. “Whatever Vontavious is planning, I guarantee you, my kindred — it will not be nice.”
Chapter Thirteen: Egypt Bloody Egypt, Part One
1
"Aren't we too old for roller skating?" I groaned, riding in my sister's car as we headed toward Egypt. Instead of easing my concern over Vontavious’ possible presence at the rink, I griped, "Chey, really," as if being too mature to roller skate caused my distress.
"Chey, really, nothing," corrected Cherrelle. "Peanut needs this. You need this. We all need this. Egypt is the fountain of youth. One last splash, Benji. You're going to miss this when you're stuck in your dorm room studying."
"Dorm room," I repeated, surveying Boaz as we drove down its evening streets. "Remember what you said when I first started looking at the brochure? ‘That place is a party school, Benji. You’ll lose your sheltered mind, Benji. It’s too far away, Benji.’ If I use that scholarship check to save our house —"
“You’ll end up getting high in Rockchester,” sniped Peanut. “Getting high and staying high. Been there. Done that. Can’t say I didn’t like it, but it wasn’t worth the consequence. Rockchester ain’t nothing to fool with.”
“Rochester,” Cherrelle interrupted, attempting to correct him.
“Rockchester,” insisted Peanut. “Resident privilege.”
“You had a scholarship?” I asked.
“Nope,” he said.
Peanut then passed me the unlit cigarette that I’d asked for earlier, before we’d gotten into the car. It was a stealth operation. Chey didn’t permit smoking in her vehicle. She’d drive us into oncoming traffic if she caught me accepting the tobacco. Peanut, hip to Cherrelle’s disapproval, handed me the cigarette via a swift reach-around from the passenger seat up front to where I sat in the back beside the door. I immediately began plotting how I could light up once we reached Egypt. I then felt a sudden rush of anxiety and looked up to see Cherrelle eyeing me suspiciously in her rearview mirror. I was growing weary of big sister’s nagging, another reason to blow this backwater pop stand, to “do a runner,” as Cressida had said. But where was she running to?
“Nope,” repeated Peanut. “I didn’t have a scholarship or a school to go to. But I did have a chance to get out of Boaz. Long story. Bottom line, I made the wrong choice. Obviously. That’s my flaw. I fool around and let others make my choices for me. You saw how that ended.”
There would have followed an awkward silence in the car had it not been for Cherrelle’s radio playing. Again with “Summer Breeze”? Had Seals and/or Croft died? 
Suddenly, I didn’t feel like smoking anymore. A sense of melancholy overcame me. There were too many decisions to be made and I didn’t want to make any of them. Was this what it would be like to be grown? 
I tossed the cigarette out of the window and watched as it sailed away in the summer breeze.  
2
"Dee Dee," commanded Cherrelle, “find out what everybody wants and go order the food." This was after we had paid to enter Egypt, donned roller skates, found booths. "Order now and the food will be ready when we come off the rink."
"How long are we going to skate then?" asked Dee Dee, nervously questioning the CO. "I mean, aren't we going to skate longer than a few minutes?"
"Oh, we're going to skate longer than a few minutes," confirmed Cherrelle. "But you know who else is going to skate longer than a few minutes? Know who already has their food order in, called in before the church buses pulled out of the parking lot?"
"Church buses?" asked Dee Dee, and this time she earned a correcting shove from Peanut. "What church buses?"
"They know to call ahead and place their orders," explained Cherrelle, steely eyed. "Because that's their training. I trained them. Four church buses stopped at that intersection on the way here. That’s two hundred people, at least, and then you got Bonita's birthday party — thirty — you got the stoned private school white kids coming here for irony — ten — you got a group of young teenagers somewhere who decided to try bowling and realized that it's bowling — fifteen, easily — and, of course, you got the fifty other food orders that skated up in line while you just stood here, asking that question." Pause. "Deandra!"
The doors flew open and a new sea of humanity flooded into Egypt. One hundred? Two hundred? Three hundred?
Dee Dee whipped her head around at the incoming mass, panicked, and admitted, "I just peed in my pants a little."
"More than a little,” observed Cherrelle, coolly, “understandable nonetheless. I forgot to make the call for the food order before we left the apartment — slipping in my dotage — but they didn't. I trained them too well."
"Even the stoned private school white kids?" mugged Dee Dee, eager to please.
“Even the stoned private school white kids,” sang Peanut in a baby voice imitation. “Lord, why are you trying me in such a manner on this day? You ain’t gotta argue the semantics, Betty Boop, just go order the food!”
“What food?”
Peanut began removing his jewelry, starting with his finger rings. Sensing that Dee Dee was in peril, her admirer Free Love promptly intervened.
“Mon cheri,” beseeched Free Love, positioning himself between Dee Dee and Peanut. “Allow me to accept this indignity as your champion.”
Free Love immediately turned to face Peanut, who — without hesitation — slapped the shit out of Free Love. The blow spun the champion back around to where he again faced Dee Dee. “Free Love…” he wailed, careening into a nearby table. 
"Idiot," declared Peanut, massaging his fingers. "I don't know about ya'll, shoot, but I can't stand cold onion rings. When that grease turns to jelly? Somebody go order the dern food!"
I wouldn't dare rob the Egypt experience of its unique entertainment value by providing a falsely remembered soundtrack to accompany our Saturday night fever. As we took to the floor, The DJ played songs from Cherrelle and Peanut’s dance team days, quaking the walls with bass, scratching a wiki-wiki-wiki-wiki and sampling Egyptian Lover, the musician who had inspired the name of the establishment back in the day. 
Scratching and disc spinning in his elevated booth, Egypt’s DJ recognized Cherrelle and Peanut’s dazzling sovereignty: "It's a Chey-Pea Nation, ya’ll!" he shouted between air horn bursts and siren bleats. "The Dream Team is back and the votes are in, citizens, so you’d better pay your taxes! ‘Put your weight on it! Put your weight on it! Yes! Yes! Dolemite is my name and rapping and tapping is my game!’ Ha! Ha! I like that Bama-lama look!"
3
Soon we were sitting in our booth, eating and chatting, still frenzied from the skate. I engaged Efrem-Felix in a conversation about one of the few shows that we both enjoyed equally, Neon Genesis Evangelion, the animated series that I vowed to adapt once I came into power. This led to talk of anime and manga, the Japanese animation and illustrated works that the clerk at our local comic book store had hipped me to. We critiqued The Story of Chinese Gods and whether or not the Hong Kong animators had captured the spirit of Bruce Lee better than Japanese animators could. During this Siskel and Ebert/Walter Chaw conversation, a darker shadow fell upon Efrem-Felix's naturally solemn face.
"Vontavious," announced Free Love, gazing across the rink. "And lookee, lookee, lookee — there sits Benji's nookie. Look at ‘em. Two villains in cahoots. Can’t Stay Cressida and The No Vasectomy Kid."
I did not have to look. I caught Efrem-Felix sporting such a snide "I told you so" expression that I wanted to reach across the booth and knock off his stupid glasses. I felt a sudden urge to draw that image, but I did not have my sketchbook in my possession. It dawned upon me that I had not just forgotten it — I could not recall where I had last seen it.
"The honey trap," grumbled Efrem-Felix, shaking his head. "Hospital admission. Police. Lawyers. All for some whore that ain't even with you, really. Foolish, Benji. Foolish.”
“Anybody want the rest of this milkshake?” I asked. “Something just made it turn. I would say the catalyst is a misanthrope, but I doubt he understands what that means. Prescription eyewear does not denote intelligence.”
 “Ah, but my eyes are still on the prize,” Efrem-Felix stated. “The real prize, Crayons: Education. It doesn’t matter that the rest of us dimwits are attending community college. We’re still getting an education. Meanwhile, Salvador Darkie here ain’t even thinking about college any more. Done forgot all about losing your house, huh, Benji? Five days left after midnight tonight. ‘Countdown? What countdown?’ Undisciplined dumbass let a prostitute turn his head away from the game clock. Ain’t no surprise. Black athlete."
"Hey," interrupted Peanut, firmly. "Can't ya’ll read the signs? This is a no-conflict zone."
"Indeed," I said, glaring at Efrem-Felix. "Why do you care about what happens between me and Cressida, Efrem-Felix?"
Efrem-Felix, unblinking, stared back at me. He formulated his reply, making sure that we understood he thought before he spoke. "I find it interesting that you never asked why people care about you when you were baiting those hardlegs to beat your tail by drawing funny pictures of them in your sketchbook. Did The Jump Out Boys ever benefit anybody other than Benji when you were with us? Selfish. Arrogant. Me-based artistic arrogance. And here you are again, baiting the thugs, teasing them for a beat-down. People get tired of smart alecks. Jokes don't nobody understand. Sarcasm. Irony. Obscure references. Always insincere. Always too quick to be clever. We'll see what happens the day you smart off at the wrong person. They'll knock that overused thesaurus out of your head and there won't be anybody behind you intelligent enough to catch your oh-so-precious wit then, or later, when you inevitably blow your brains out onto your dorm room wall, committing suicide because, surprise, surprise, surprise — white people don’t like you, either. How’s that for irony?"
"There is no irony in what you just said."
Efrem-Felix smiled at me. I blinked. I ground my teeth, disgusted at myself for having stumbled right into his tripwire. Underneath our table, the fingers of my right hand — my dominant hand, my drawing and painting hand, accustomed to brushes and pencils and pens — clenched into a fist. 
If there was ever a time for an intervention, this was it. Free Love, forever the peacemaker, stepped in. Known for snatching food off of plates and gobbling it down as a goof, Free stole one of Peanut's onion rings.
"Boy, what the hell?" yelped Peanut, genuinely shocked. "Cherrelle, you’d better wrangle this ruffian! All the drama at this table, like we’re in a Friday episode of The Young and The Restless!"
"Free Love," scolded Cherrelle. "Do I have to exile you to the kiddy rink? Again? And you're always complaining about people not wanting to take you anywhere. Steady playing the child."
"That's because I am the child," laughed Free Love, chomping on the swiped onion ring. "I guess I'm the only one who doesn't mind being a youngster these days. Everybody else is in such a rush to be grown. Look at Benji and Efrem-Felix sitting here bickering like they’re in an online comment section, both of them too modern to just duke it out like boys, like we used to do before adults told us to ‘act your age,’ whatever that means. Grown. Grown. Grown. Grown. Grown folks don't do nothing but work too much, barely pay their bills, and then get tore up on the weekends. And they hardly do anything else in between but complain and get less tore up just enough to make it through work during the week. What fiend came up with that scenario? Having to work yourself to death in order to live and then having to numb yourself to death in order to work? Who the heck wants to be grown? Every week, there’s some new tribulation to deal with. Plant closings. Base closings. House robberies. Gas prices. Racial conflict. Gentrification. Ya’ll weren’t calling it ‘gentrification’ when Lamp opened up that new mall here in Boaz. I hate grown folks. Ain't that right, Dee Dee? We hate grown folks. Let's go make love like only the young can make love – without a billing cycle."
Free Love laughed even harder, swiped another onion ring off of Peanut's plate. Peanut protested. Cherrelle sighed. Free held the onion ring up in his hand and away from the booth. Behind him, from another section of the rink, came a rolling figure who hooked the outstretched onion ring in his mouth like a theme park dolphin.
"Well, son!" hollered Roy-Jon, skating back to our booth, onion ring devoured. "Not bad for an indoor picnic! As long as we leave that honey alone! Ain't that right, Pooh Bear?"
The always amiable Roy-Jon rolled up to our booth at precisely the right time, as if someone had lit up the always-amiable-Roy-Jon signal of party people in distress. 
Roy-Jon was a familiar character around Boaz. Though he trained with JOB and accompanied them on their anti-bully missions, he was somewhat of an outlaw who preferred to go nomad. This contradicted the fact that he was a voting member of JOB, an active Jump Out. One could just as easily find Roy-Jon saddling up with Downtown Pookie and them or one of the Vietnamese band of fighters. To me, Roy-Jon straddled too many fences. The sinewy blonde baseball player lived in the low-income, predominantly white trailer park sector of Sutter Street that bordered our low-income, predominantly black sector of Boaz. Everybody liked him. Some of everybody and their mama liked him. As Free Love described the former backyard wrestler known as Corn Pone: "Roy-Jon put you in mind of a good fishing trip. Some of everybody and their Uncle Charlie be liking a good fishing trip.” I, too, be liking a good fishing trip. I liked Roy-Jon. He was more of a friend to Free Love, and their shared bits of locker room slapstick, their jock comradery, I envied. But I didn't fully trust him. Was it because he was white? How could I be an Uncle Tom, as Cressida had accused, and still be suspicious of a white? 
"My boy, my boy," boasted Free Love, snatching another of Peanut's onion rings to offer Roy-Jon. "What you doin' up in here, Corn Pone? I thought you were sleeping on the beach this summer."
"Livin' on blue crab and oysters!" grinned Roy-Jon. "Ha-ha! A mango saucier was me! Shoot, a metal detector millionaire was me! A highwayman, I suppose, like Cash and Waylon an’em sang of! Ha-ha! A beach bandit musketeer!"
"How long did that last, D'Artagnan?" laughed Free Love. "A week?"
"Not even," smiled Roy-Jon. "Shoot, I was back at Mama's supper table eatin' cornbread and turnips before the piss on my jellyfish sting had yet to dry! Woo! H'bout it'nah!"
Everybody laughed, except, of course, the dour Efrem-Felix (I could never quite tell where Roy-Jon truly stood with Efrem-Felix outside of admiration for his fighting skills). The beach boy had brought the good vibrations back to the night with his agreeable charm, his roguish grin, his elderberry ease. I noticed Cherrelle picking up on the cowboy’s positive vibe. It didn't hurt that he was aggressively handsome, as evidenced by Cherrelle’s, Dee Dee’s, and Peanut's appraisal of the young southern gent.
"I don't recall seeing you out on the rink earlier," cooed Cherrelle to Roy-Jon. "So that means you get to roll with the really big skate. We're about to go back out there now. Join us."
"Oh, I will, suge," Roy-Jon assured her, grinning. "A proud citizen of Chey-Pea Nation this’un, never tax delinquent, no, never one for that. Unfortunately, dear, I must confess I come on a mission."
"You come from over there with Vontavious and them," accused Efrem-Felix, flatly. "I saw you walk in with his crew."
"Coincidentally," clarified Roy-Jon. "Though I do not deny an acquaintance with the beast."
"Are you picking a side?" I asked, finally turning to look across the rink at Vontavious' booth. I regretted it immediately, spotting Cressida sitting right next to the jackass. The beast.
"Sides?" snorted Roy-Jon. "Ain't no sides to this thing, boss man. Shoot, it done escalated far beyond mere sides."
"Escalated," repeated Free Love. "I hope the hospital done got some better magazines in. Ain't that right, Efrem-Felix?"
"Naw, cuz," insisted Efrem-Felix. "Naw, cuz, I’m good. I might have to sit this one out."
"You say," smirked Roy-Jon to Efrem-Felix before turning his attention to me: "Don't shoot the messenger. A certain person on the other side of this fine establishment requests a parlay. To palaver, if you will."
"What?" I spat, frowning. "This is a no-conflict zone. We're not going to fight him here."
"We?" sniped Efrem-Felix, incredulously.
"That jerk," I scoffed. "If anybody would bother to check the score board, he's zero-for-two since I drove over his arm. Getting jank-jumped at Tio Manny's didn't faze good old Benji. Not this slip kid. Milady, meanwhile, brought the wrong kind of Trojans to the ambush. Some villains. Vontavious is a phony. A fake tough guy. All talk — and that’s coming from a talk-and-duck master like me, the king of the canvas kissers. Bah. I don't answer to Vontavious."
"No doubt," smiled Roy-Jon. "I don’t answer to him, either, boss man. That being said, Vontavious ain't the one positing the question. He ain't the one calling you over to a sit-down, Ponyboy. Look a yonder."
"Why?" I huffed, turning to peer across the rink at Vontavious' booth.
Cressida held up a hand, beckoning.
Chapter Fourteen: Egypt Bloody Egypt, Part Two
1
Roller skating to the other side of Egypt, I felt suspended in time. Pushes and strokes brought me no closer to Cressida. Her seat in Vontavious' booth was on Mars? I slipped easily in and then out of the rolling crowd. I saw my reflection in mirrored walls, lit vibrantly by the multi-colored strobe lights. Roy-Jon and Free Love flanked me (Efrem-Felix had indeed sat this one out), yet I rolled completely, impossibly alone. This did not feel like the climax Vontavious and I needed. It felt, in fact, like the tit before yet another tat in our forever war of mutual aggression. They spoke of escalation. What escalation? Grown folks were to be my jury, judge, and executioner. Lost house. Lawsuits, most likely, concerning the liquor store car crash. A scholarship check from Lamp Corp that I imagined being cancelled, no matter my decision of how to allocate it, due to the fact that Vontavious’ father headed Lamp and its endless holdings, which included holding the deed to our house. What was the point of continued playground antics? I was meant to be on the last chopper flying out of Boaz, one way or another. Was I not?
"That's close enough," warned Douglas, as we rolled up to their booth. "Keep your distance, Benji. You smart-mouthed mother —"
I stomped on Douglas' left foot. It was booted by a roller skate so I had to drill my wheels down that much harder.
"Punk!" cried Douglas, trying to yank his foot away. "This is a no-conflict zone! A no-conflict zone!"
"But I do this with love," I smirked, "not conflict, Douglas." And then to Vontavious: "Honey trap, eh? Yeah, yeah, yeah, you got me. Except you didn't get me. The time to jump me once and for all —"
I looked at Cressida.
"— you missed. I didn't get hit at the park. I didn't get hit at the pond. Not in the way you may have wanted it. The honey trap failed. Somebody fucked up."
Vontavious laughed. I waited for his crew to join in like flunkies in a gangster movie but no one else so much as cracked a smile. Even Free Love — standing next to me in front of their booth — even he stood grimly. Roy-Jon, meanwhile, had rolled away without notice. This worried me. Was there a live feed in those security cameras above us? The crossed-out gun image in the numerous anti-violence signs posted throughout Egypt gave me no comfort. There was only one security guard on the premises.
Hundreds of black people in a low-cost entertainment venue. What's the worst that could happen?
Cressida sat next to Vontavious, looking at me without acknowledgment, without recognition, even, as if I were just another float in the parade. Had this girl really taken my virginity (earlier that day!) at some secluded woodland pond? That seemed like another plot, another time, another story, another world. A fantasy. The notion occurred to me that perhaps I degraded her by default in thinking that I was the one who had been deflowered. What evidence did I have that she hadn't been a virgin? What evidence did I have that she was promiscuous? That stupid nickname? The fact that she knew her way around a condom? Did promiscuity on her part even matter? Would it be such a crime for her to simply enjoy sex? At least, I thought, growing weary of this forever Saturday, at least she didn't seem to be showering Vontavious with any particular attention. Their bodies didn't touch. Ours had. Again, was no one keeping score but Benji?
"Look, chump," laughed Vontavious, "I don't know what you're talking about. Ain't nobody. Scheming? Not anymore. That scrap at Tio Manny's was it. I am out. I am. Done? My parents' lawyers are taking care of this, as you’ll soon know."
He lifted his left arm, the arm not in a cast, stretching it toward me, palm vertical as if inviting a handshake. Not style-wise but in his presentation, he resembled a throwback Miami Vice or Crime Story villain or something from Scarface. Old boy had a notably long reach, a boon to his football performance, no doubt. Or at least it used to be until I drove my mother’s car over it. 
"Not broken," announced Vontavious. "But not entirely healed. Funny. This is the hand I used on Signing Day. I do a lot of things with this. Hand? Things that I enjoy. Things that others. Do not."
He lowered his arm, shrugging after not receiving a handshake from me. Again, I noted that he and Cressida had not looked at each other since I had rolled up. Ice queen. Barracuda. Was she ever going to speak? Mirrors walled their booth. I wanted to smash them all.
"Why did you call me over here?" I asked Cressida. "This isn't about you." And then, with a sudden volcanic anger, I snapped at her, seething, "You weren't worth the climb, you overgrown sasquatch! You whore!"
Now this woke her up. A withering glare flashed onto her face. Why had I said that? Jealousy. Pure, irrational jealousy. The two of them sitting together confirmed every one of my suspicions about the universe’s intentions for people like me: we’re not wanted, we’re not needed. We’re here to be mocked or ignored and then we die. 
Cressida stuck a hand within the folds of her sun dress. She angrily whipped it back out with a sigh. My sketchbook bounced off of my chest, and it landed with a thud on their table.
"Absolute beginner," hissed Cressida, and that's all she would say. Eyeing me the whole while, she slid out of the booth. I saw the back of her sun dress and then I saw nothing of her at all as she disappeared into the roller skating mass. Heartbroken yet determined not to show it, I reached down and retrieved my sketchbook.
"Overly dramatic," laughed Vontavious, shaking his head. "All of them. And I don't even know that one. Not really. I know. You? Ain't going to believe this, but that one just keeps showing up wherever we show. I don't know her."
"Ri-i-ight," I sang. "Yep."
"I don't know her," insisted Vontavious, laughing. "I mean, I know of her. Can't Stay Cressida. Some of everybody know about that. I mean, she's fine and all, no doubt. Very fine. So of course, I'm going to let her chill out with. Vontavious? But ain't no way I'm stupid enough to sleep with some girl from Rockchester. I don't know if that's her coochie or what, but she stinks. She smells. What they gotta do to get rid of that Rockchester stank? Bathe in douche water?"
"Oh, buddy," cautioned Free Love, placing a hand on my shoulder to hold me back.
"For real, though," laughed Vontavious, "what kind of dude would be dumb enough to sleep with a Rockchester girl? You might as well stick your thing in a hot bowl of AIDS. What kind of dude would do something like that? Sleep with a girl who lives in a drug den? A girl who steps on heroin needles on her way to the mailbox? Crack pipes. Who would be. Stupid? Enough to have sex with a girl they don't even know? In this day and AIDS. I guess those pamphlets ain't made it down here to Boaz yet."
Now his cronies joined in with the laughs. They overplayed it, of course, literally knee slapping and doubling over. 
Douglas rolled to the side of the booth and started pop locking, he found the humor that rich. His breakdancing moves were phenomenal. He dropped down and did The Centipede, skates and all. Then he arose, dancing The Robot, The Running Man, The Smurf. In fact, he did The Smurf, The Popeye, and The Jerry Lewis.
"I have nothing to lose by fighting back," I declared, yanking my shoulder away from Free Love's halting grasp. "There's no 'Signing Day' for art programs. No public relations. You’re the one who is risking it all by continuing this vendetta."
"And see, that's why this vendetta is over," explained Vontavious, jovial. "They have nothing to lose, the rudderless blacks. That's what my father. Said? Father, he set me straight."
I looked into his eyes, searching for signs of honesty.
"You mean, he whooped that ass!" Douglas clarified, still breakdancing near the booth and now busting out a rap: "You say vendetta? I’ll do you one better! Vee is for Vontavious, The Vulva of Vaginas! The Roast Beef Chief! American Cheese! The Ebony Gucci! Amerigo Vespucci!”
Both crews turned and stared at Douglas. The hype man was going too far. He roller danced The Robot. It was getting too good to him. He was losing sight of his limits, overstepping his bounds – legs, pop! elbows, lock! arms, wave! chest, caved! The Robot overloaded its circuits.
“Veni vidi vici! Wiki-wiki-wiki! Veni vidi vici! Wiki-wiki-wiki!”
Breakdancing Douglas got stuck in a runtime error, somehow dancing a gangbanger Crip Walk and a Blood Walk simultaneously. One of his partners had to hit him on the back to reboot the robot’s system.
 “Konnichiwa,” whispered Douglas, bowing respectfully to all at the scene to save face. “Domo Arigato! Doo Doo Brown! Doo Doo Brown! Doo Doo Brown!”
Vontavious grabbed a salt shaker from off the table and hurled it at Douglas' head. Upon impact, the glass exploded. The breakdancing toady howled.
"Mutt!" yelled Vontavious, furiously. "There ain’t no Vee in Doo Doo!"
The zero-to-sixty anger display reminded me of what Free Love had said about my rival forgetting he was a preacher's son. Everybody froze. Douglas collapsed to the skating rink floor, bleeding from the head.
"Corrected," declared Vontavious, downshifting to zero. "Likewise, Father corrected me. Reminded. Me? Of what is at stake. He brought me back into the fold. Ministered to me. Reminded me that I am The Son. I am not a gangster. I am not a thug. I am not average. He even told me to share his wisdom. With you? You know he's a preacher, right? Of course, you do. Not that we ever see you in church or anything."
"Drop me a postcard," I scoffed, rolling away from the booth. "End of. Let's go, Free."
To that, Vontavious raised his left arm, his countenance a plea for reconciliation.
"Aw, come on, Benji," he called, beckoning me back to the booth. "You're right. This ain't about the girl. This ain't about me. Come on, partner. Let me tell you what this is about. I'm out, right? I'm letting my parents get involved. The legalities. No more. Fights? It's over. You owe me a say, at least, right? The guy whose future you put in jeopardy?"
"Talk, asshole.”
Vontavious waved his uninjured arm across the panorama of Egypt. Oddly ceremonial, the gesture made me nervous. I didn't like where this was going. I wanted to see the security guard step to us or at least see evidence that someone was manning the surveillance cameras above.
Hundreds of black people in a low-cost entertainment venue. What's the worst that could happen?
"This is it for you," declared Vontavious, his arm sweeping the viewscape. "Your destiny begins and ends in Boaz. From nowhere, going. Nowhere? Most likely. I mean, unless you got some kind of talent other than scribbling comic books. You're right. No Signing Day for the odd. Just a plain, old, ordinary life."
"Amen," I sang, sarcastically. “Lawdy lawd.” 
"Father reminded me of the fact that you ain't got one. A father that is."
“What did you just say?”
"But who does now-a-days, right?" said Vontavious soberly. "The father not being in the home? That's average. Statistically speaking, concerning us blacks. My father reminded me of this, bless his word. That's how we do. Most of us, if you understand my meaning. The average. And the odd. Of which you are one, if not both. Want evidence?"
"To the point," I spat, growing heated.
"The average," declared Vontavious, nodding at Free Love. "An offensive lineman with the skills to be at the university with me next week but too stupid to know to cheat. Too dumb to side with the winners, still running around playing play play with you childish losers. The odd," he continued, nodding at me. "Does it not. Hurt? To know that the only other black freak out there, that freethinking weirdo, debased herself with you because I ordered her to debase herself with you? 'Feels good, yeah?' Look at me."
"Fuck off."
"Look at me!" roared Vontavious. "Good. The pain on your face makes my dick. Hard? No, she won't see you again. She won't see you again unless I order it. You give good pain. Oh, you misfits give such good pain. Father's wisdom," preached Vontavious, excitedly. "Father's wisdom, heathen. He said, 'Vontavious, my son. That boy and his people? They are from nowhere. They are going nowhere. No future. No promise. No prospects for prosperity. And they have no means to get there, even if they had someplace to go. Of all the races in that cesspool, that failed experiment, of all the cultures in that taxpayer funded, bleeding heart liberal Petri dish money pit, only ours, the blacks, repeatedly sink to the occasion. You’ll see shops run by the brown man, businesses started by the yellow man, reparations made to the red man, all while the black man smothers the other black man in an act of generational nihilism so routine that it has become comedic, the whole race an entertaining, fetishized — and worst of all — tolerated statistic.' Now think about that, Benji of Boaz. That's. Poetry? Apocalyptic poetry."
"That's crap. I have absolutely no idea what that means," I lied.
"It means," explained Vontavious, "that you come from a fatherless home and you live with a promiscuous, alcoholic mother. You are from nothing. You are headed nowhere. You ain't poor enough, you ain't rich enough, you ain't black enough, you ain't white enough, you ain't entertaining enough, you ain't gangster enough, you ain't athletic enough. You. Are. Average. Below average in the community. And odd. I can't figure out which is worse. Your oddness will ruin you. You have no place to go after you inevitably screw up your chance at college. My college. And even if you did have another way out? TAXI CABS DON’T STOP FOR NIGGERS, NIGGA!” 
Vontavious laughed and laughed and then he abruptly stopped laughing. I was about to vent my response to what he’d just said when a look of sheer terror overtook his face. 
I heard Free Love shout something, but by the time I turned my head, my cousin was sliding across the floor like a tossed doll. Then came the soundwave. 
Something had collided with Free Love so hard and so fast that images were outpacing sounds, images that I had failed to notice in the mirrored walls, images of figures approaching from behind. 
One image I could not ignore: Free Love lay on the skating rink floor, unconscious.
And then a thing clamped around my neck, a sweaty, meaty thing. I could not breathe. I could not pull air into my lungs. For certain, cigarettes were not to blame for this crushing pressure, the gargantuan calloused claw choking off my windpipe from behind me, the fleshy white fingers squeezing, squeezing, squeezing the life from my body as I was lifted up so high that the wheels of my skates no longer touched the earth.
“Got him,” declared God Two. “Did somebody call a taxi? Uber? Uber?”
Chapter Fifteen: Egypt Bloody Egypt, Part Three
1
I had not seen Abner up-close since the homecoming football game when the proud white racist had tried to decapitate me with an elbow drop. At present, I could not see Abner, now known as “God Two,” because he was standing behind me, lifting me off the floor of the rollerskating rink by the back of my neck. I came very close to passing out, to joining Free Love in his unconscious state on the floor. He hadn’t been shot. I saw no blood. So why wasn’t my cousin moving? 
The fingers around my neck clamped like a vice. The lack of oxygen, combined with my kicking legs and desperate attempt to pry Abner’s hand away, sent me peering up at the ceiling. There I saw my essence captured in strobe light. Here was where I would die: in a kitschy roller skating rink, watching a red bulb rotate to a yellow bulb rotate to a green bulb. Hell is ROYGBIV. I heard Heavy Metal music? I felt sleepy.
“Now about that bounty,” snarled Abner, releasing me from his stranglehold just as I was about to faint. Instead of falling to the floor, I crashed headfirst into Vontavious’ table, the result of being thrown upon release instead of being dropped. In his deep southern drawl, Abner demanded from Vontavious: “Cash, boss man, cash. The brethren do not accept company store credit for our labor.” 
I experienced a full minute of burning, lung-shredding coughs and searing pain from banging my head on the table before I was able to right myself and see who “the brethren” were to whom Abner referred: 
Egypt had been invaded. 
Dixie Bastards stood posted by the exits, the entrances, and seemingly at every other space in the building. A legion of them — all white, all male, all menacing — all wearing “YOU’RE CLOSE ENOUGH TO BLAME” T-shirts and “I BELIEVE IN GOD TWO” buttons. As cartoonish as I tried to perceive them, these sneering, dead-eyed, white supremacists set a high standard for mayhem throughout Smith. I could paint over their racist graffiti all day long, but when a black church burned down or nooses were hanged on the mailboxes of black families encroaching too far out into the white rural districts and exclusive neighborhoods, that’s when my comedic illustration lost pertinence. 
In other words, even a clown like me who worshipped at the altar of irreverence knew when to stop brushing things off and demonstrate due concern. Abner and them would just straight up curb stomp your non-white ass for having a flat tire in the wrong neighborhood or for venturing onto the wrong public campgrounds. The Dixie Bastards were into acts of hate, deciding niggers, sand niggers, kikes, chinks, redskins, wetbacks and faggots (and the people who loved them) needed to be road raged into a ditch, you know, like oversized pickup truck driving domestic terrorists do. DB even went old school. They drove along the route to voting stations on Election Day, revving their oversized trucks up and down the road, their presence and their numbers and their enormous Confederate flags sending a message of intimidation to Americans on the wrong side of the vote. This explains our current nuclear winter. Of course, the world didn’t stand a chance.
I turned back toward Cherrelle’s table to check on them, got hit with a rigid glare of accusation from Efrem-Felix. “Okay, okay, you were right,” signaled the expression on my face. From across the rink, Efrem-Felix pointed to the area left of me. There stood Free Love suddenly having recovered from whatever had slammed into him, but barely recovered. He seemed dazed. 
I started to whine to Free about Efrem-Felix not coming to the rescue, but he cut me off by angrily gesturing toward what my chronic lack of situational awareness had also missed: JOB had entered the building. 
For every DBer there stood a Neck Bones or a Christian Kwan or an affiliate from a friendly crew within striking distance. If Rocket Rodriguez had been here, we would have had a backyard wrestling reunion. She wasn’t, and as I looked at Abner’s Confederate flag tattoos, I realized that Double Wide had about as much interest in reviving the glory days as he had in limiting his carb intake. He smelled bad. Four-hundred-plus pounds of hard-to-reach body parts bad. The fact that he was wearing what he proudly referred to as his “psych ward slippers” did nothing to assure me that this would end well. For anybody.
“Labor?” stuttered Vontavious, still rattled. “What labor? Benji was already here, hillbilly! I ain’t paying you or your Klan meeting of rejected wiggers!” 
“Either pull that pistol or stop flexing!” growled the gargantuan, and it took me a moment to realize that God Two wasn’t barking at Vontavious. 
Stepping from the gathering crowd appeared two people older than the rest, older than us all. I had never seen them before. One was a stern looking black man dressed in church clothes. He struck me as being a too-old thug draped in deacon's clothing, like a gangbanger who had been advised to wear a suit to court. A white suit. The other adult standing at attention near Vontavious' booth was an abnormally muscular white woman likewise dressed in a white suit. She looked like a bodybuilder. When our eyes met (hers were frightfully blue), she cracked her knuckles. Who were they? Bodyguards?
“Escalation,” explained Free Love, touching the wound on the side of his face. 
“Mud people,” clarified Abner. He then refocused on Vontavious and snarled, “That ain’t no small amount of kibble you talked up, homeboy. Catch Benji. Get paid. Here’s Benji. Where’s my money?”
“Where do you think you caught him?” shouted Vontavious. “He was standing right here! You think you can shake me down? You white trash meth addict, you must be high!”
The black bodyguard stepped closer to Vontavious. The white bodyguard uncrossed her arms. I coughed. I coughed again and realized that the Heavy Metal music I had been hearing was due to the Egypt DJ having been replaced by a DBer up in the elevated booth. 
The black gangster in the white suit left Vontavious’ side and approached Abner. A Dixie Bastard stepped in between them. Both of his hands, the black bodyguard raised away from his own chest. The DBer begrudgingly made way, assumed a flanking position, and then observed Vontavious’ black bodyguard as he whispered something into the mountainous bounty hunter’s ear.
“More of a challenge,” conceded Abner, nodding. “In line with my training for the cage. The brethren will like it. Triple the kibble and we can settle some old grudges.”
The black bodyguard smiled and returned to Vontavious’ table. Everything about this was already shocking enough, but then Abner doubled down by calling out the white woman at Vontavious’ side: “You’re licking from the wrong mixing bowl ain’t you, sugar tits?” 
The bounty hunter bellowed a belly quaking laugh and then just sort of sauntered back from the table, obviously not on roller skates, yet surprisingly spry for having such monstrous bulk. The blue-eyed bodyguard furrowed her brow but did not dignify Abner’s implication with a response. 
Speaking of blue eyes, where was Roy-Jon? Had he been the one who had alerted DB to my presence? The Heavy Metal music was still playing and, worse still, The Dixie Bastards had not retreated from their positions around Egypt. I was not alone in this assessment.
“What about them?” sneered Vontavious, snapping the fingers of his good hand at Abner’s back. “Disability check scammers. Fucking white trash welfare cheats. Copper thieves. Ain’t you gonna call off your acolytes?”
The goliath halted his slow, deliberate tread away from our area. Now all of a sudden I could see the lone security guard making his way toward us. It was too late. He was too old. His baton looked like Abner’s toothpick. 
Efrem-Felix’s staunch support of gun rights suddenly made sense. I could already hear the screams of the fleeing crowd stomping over each other to reach the exits. 
“Acolytes?” grumbled Abner, his deep southern drawl booming as he turned to face Vontavious. “Such a big word. I like big words. Acolytes. But you know, providence is the failing of the prior deity. Ass is ass. I’ll pay some just-released strong black role model to rape your rich daddy’s monkey ass before it’s over with. How’d that be?”
Vontavious stood up from his booth.
“And you fancy yourself a theologian,” chuckled Abner, as more Dixie Bastards fanned out across Egypt. “Simple minds cling to simple philosophies. Like the notion that a loving God could exist in the same conception as racial resentment. Ethnic hatred. Class discontent. A cross, a cross, is a burning cross? Bitch, please. God was the original globalist. That nigger done failed. See, I’m not the second, I’m the only coming this doomsday.”
God Two laughed, yawned, sniffed, raised a giant palm to massage his forehead as if he’d been stricken by a sudden headache. He sighed. He mumbled. He whispered, “Thus spoke Zarathustra” — alarming to me because it seemed like he’d said it just for my benefit, one Gifted student to another. He winked at me. He then resumed his focus on Vontavious, his eyes agitated like that of an active shooter. And then he spoke:
“But unlike Jesus’ niggardly daddy — now there’s a big word for you, ball chucker, niggardly — unlike that unemployed liar, I bestow upon my creations true free will: Immoral imagination. I sayeth, hate until your heart is content. Big Hate is back, America! Come out of that white guilt closet, cuck, rise and get your hate on! You know you want to! I do. Feels good. Feels right. Feels spiritual. Carve open a hole and fuck the other cheek.” 
He then spoke directly to me: “Except for this heathen yonder. I’ll be seeing you real soon, author. Have a blessed day!”
Chapter Sixteen: Revelation
1
After changing out of her church clothes that Sunday morning, Cherrelle came over to our mother’s house, intent on making me pack. She had cardboard boxes and coffee for me, a selection of Contemporary Christian Music for herself (and me, judging by the unsubtle choices).
She had no hesitation in turning off the Kung Fu movie that I had been watching. She had no false hopes in learning the location of our mother after asking, perfunctorily, “So where’s Mommie Dearest?” 
We set about the task of boxing up my belongings, deciding what I should take with me to college. Obviously, the chaos at Egypt had quickened her pace. We packed and packed and packed, and in our silence, I found myself musing about our relationship. Anything to take my mind off of Egypt, Vontavious, and Cressida. And myself. 
When had my sister assumed the role of surrogate caregiver? Come to think of it, this was probably why Chey had moved out of our mother’s house as early as she had. Unappreciated caregiver duty grinds down the toughest stone eventually, even the saintly Cherrelle. 
At a certain point, around when I was in sixth grade I think, Cherrelle, not our increasingly hung-over mother, had begun making sure that I was up and ready for school. Cherrelle filled out the field trip permission forms. Cherrelle comforted me with talks on the nature of impermanence (not formally, of course, but that's what she was doing whether she knew it or not) when I got teased for sitting at the lunch table alone, drawing in my sketchbook, wearing smelly, unwashed clothes. My sister, three years older than me, had difficulty attempting to be a homemaker. Cooking breakfast and, eventually, dinners for her younger brother while Juicy was nowhere to be found meant that something was seriously amiss in our household. 
One time I had gotten into trouble for burying glass decanter tops in the backyard when I was little, thinking them to be jewels in need of hiding from pirates. Cherrelle got it far worse when she had successfully emptied every bottle of alcohol in our house. Juicy had showed out at Cherrelle's "sweet sixteen" birthday party, getting embarrassingly drunk and dancing too closely with Cherrelle’s boyfriend at the time. My sister had shut off my mother's music — party blues, the raunchy grown folks cheating music my sister hated with a passion — and Juicy cursed her out in front of her friends: “You hear me talkin’ to you, Chey, goddamn it!” The morning after, empty vodka bottles and liquor decanters sat purposefully uncovered in the garbage bin out in front of our house. Cherrelle had dumped them there. When my sister and I got home from school that afternoon, she discovered her punishment. Juicy had destroyed Cherrelle’s birthday presents and put them in the garbage bin beside her empty bottles. Our brother the liquor cabinet we found restocked. 
I later drew that liquor cabinet with a smugness on its face, the newly purchased vodka bottles as freshly capped teeth in the mouth of our silent sibling, Juicy's favored child, the eternal birthday kid with the most cake.
2
“Another cup of coffee?” asked Cherrelle, mistaking my introspection for packing fatigue. “Stop brooding about the scholarship check, Benji. You’ll deposit it in the bank tomorrow, Monday morning, first thing. I’ll drive you before I go to work.”
“I’m not thinking about the check.” 
“Well,” pressed Cherrelle, heading toward the kitchen. “Stop brooding about Vontavious, then. The consequences of your actions at the liquor store, both accidents, I’m sure you’ll accept when the time comes. As for that craziness at Egypt, for now, Benji, I suggest you keep your mind and your behind out of the streets.”
“Streets ain’t for me,” I whispered, echoing Efrem-Felix’s assessment of me. “But that’s not what I’m brooding about, either.”
Cherrelle walked over and gave me a hug.
3
I finished another cup of coffee, went back to my bedroom to continue boxing my comic book collection (though I wasn’t sure if I would take my comic books to college). It felt odd to be moving out of the house, despite my desire to leave Boaz, to leave Smith. 
When my mother had brought us to live with our grandmother in this house, it was supposed to be a temporary situation, akin to Uncle Un and Efrem-Felix now living with Uncle Tiny and Free Love. But we never left. After our grandmother had died and the house had been “Juiced” from ownership status to rented property, our mother had all but abandoned me and my sister, preferring alcohol to mothering. Granted, Cherrelle had been correct in crediting Juicy for keeping us clothed, fed, and housed, but there had been some sketchy days, I recalled — some uncomfortable moments in the welfare office, at the check-out register in the grocery store with food stamps in hand, in the cafeteria at school with cards from the school’s free lunch program. 
The sink hole of neglect had deepened when Juicy’s boyfriends and I had begun to clash. Tag it at puberty, perhaps. When I had "become a man" I had become a threat to my mother's suitors. 
It's really that simple. The "man of the house" was a never-ending parade of grown black men who had stayed the night on a Friday and had the audacity to try to make themselves at home on Saturday mornings. One would think it would be the cooler weather months that layabouts favored, but no, not when it came to lying about at Juicy's. 
One boyfriend of Juicy’s from several summers ago had made Lowball Larry look like a fairytale prince in comparison. The car of my mother's Friday night lover, a black muscle car, was still parked outside of our house come Saturday morning. That younger me saw it but did not want to deal with it. That younger me did not want to anticipate the awkward Saturday morning attempt at casual conversation surely to come on the Saturday morning couch, sparked, to my chagrin, by my beloved Saturday morning cartoons. 
"Who's that?” Juicy’s man would invariably ask, peering at the television, pandering. “Is that Scooby Doo, little man?" 
I would think but would never say out loud: "No, it's that used condom of yours still floating in the toilet. And you would've gotten away with it, too, if it weren't for this meddling kid."
There I sat on that long-gone morning, a mixing bowl full of cereal in my lap, my state of mind rotten like the living room air. Stale beer. Lingering liquor odor and tobacco ash. An open window would have helped, but damned if I was going to open it and be that much nearer to that glasspack phallus parked out front. I needed that pane of separation. 
By nine a.m., my mother's bedroom door had opened. Juicy emerged. I heard some talk. I cringed at the deep bass voice of her male companion. By nine thirty a.m., the pair had showered (together?). Then they went into the kitchen. I heard them chatting. Bacon sizzled. Coffee dripped. Again, that disembodied bass voice bothered me to no end. Knowing my mother's hangovers, I did not dare turn up the television volume. Sometimes, when fortune favored me, Juicy's company left unseen on Saturdays. Here in hell, that dude walked out of the kitchen and plopped down right next to me, again, on the couch. Was this the same lover? The same boyfriend? Was this the same Saturday? Different penis, same pandering?
"Hey, little man.”
Oh, here we go again, I thought, "little man." 
This time I said aloud: "We don't get a newspaper here. No need to wait for a delivery. You can leave. They sell newspapers down at the corner store, big man."
Younger than most gentleman callers, this guy was probably in his early twenties. Of course, my mother's youthful appearance skewered the age dynamics to the point where I confused what should have been older brothers for potential father figures. The wonder years, no? 
Thirty minutes passed with us silent on the couch. I knew I might never learn the man's name. I had long finished my cereal but denied myself a refill out of fear of my mother's irritable presence in the kitchen. She tended to be grouchier than usual on such Saturdays. For a heavy drinker, that seemed about right.
"Who's that?" asked the stranger, the same boyfriend yet not the same boyfriend, looking at the same Saturday morning television. "Is that Scooby Doo, little man?"
I changed the channel to a wrestling program. 
I changed the channel to a Kung Fu flick.
I changed the channel to a superhero cartoon.  
I changed the channel. I changed the channel. 
4
Cherrelle had her own way of dealing with our mother's boyfriends. She would engage them in purposely awkward, embarrassing conversation. She would instigate whereas I sought to avoid, tease whereas I sought to flee. This black muscle car guy, on his final Saturday morning layover, had been particularly caught off guard.
"It's too hot to sleep in pajamas," cooed Cherrelle, emerging from her bedroom in a red bikini bottom and a tight T-shirt. "Summer heat has a tendency to make a person stick where a person doesn't usually..." 
Had she forgotten to put on a bra? 
"...stick."
Cherrelle sat down in a chair directly facing our mother’s boyfriend and me on the couch. Unladylike to the point of being a contortionist, my sister spread her legs. She sat this way, bare feet snaked around the chair legs, inner thighs widely parted in her bikini as my mother cooked breakfast unaware in the kitchen. 
I could virtually hear Juicy's boyfriend practicing his version of events to his defense lawyer.
"Does Strawberry Shortcake have a cartoon?" asked Cherrelle, fanning herself in the place where a grown man did not need to see an underage girl fan herself. "Aw, shucks. Greedy old me. Greedy! I guess I have a taste for sucking down berries."
"What?"
"Berries," whispered Cherrelle. “Sucking them down.”
"Huh?"
"Cherries," whispered Cherrelle. “Sucking them down.”
"Cha-cherries?" stammered the man.
"Ripe. Almost..."
My sister snapped her knees together.
"...ripe."
The black muscle car driver, I recall, abruptly shot up from the couch. "Nope!" he reported to the ceiling and then he scuttled out the front door — hands over his bulging crotch. He abandoned his car keys sitting on the coffee table as if they were a child dropped off at Pookie and them’s house for ice cream sandwiches. The man stayed gone, literally, for the next couple of hours. 
When my sister and I left walking for the pool up the street, later that day, his car was still parked at our house, but its owner was nowhere to be seen.
"Problem?" asked Cherrelle, eyeing me with a knowing smirk as we exited the driveway.
"You could have at least waited until he gave us a ride to the pool," the younger me said, in what may have been my first foray into the world of shielding myself with wit, if not necessarily couth. My sister, then, perhaps deserves credit as my true sire (of the better aspects of me, that is). 
"Brains and beauty," laughed Cherrelle. "All in one package. Woo-yeah! And poor little brother Benji. Aw… What is he going to do when his Chey Chey moves out one day day?"
"Buy a bikini."
Chapter Seventeen: Mother
1
That Sunday night, the immediate Sunday following the trouble with Vontavious which had escalated at the skating rink, Cherrelle threw a going-away party for her little brother. We needed a break. Not just from the packing of my belongings but from the aftermath of the violence at Egypt, as well. The both of us, my sister correctly prescribed, could benefit from our family and friends “having a plate,” as the grown folks called the fellowship meals. 
A low-country boil, a fish fry, a barbecue — Cherrelle couldn’t make up her mind, so she offered, beneath the late summer moon of this coastal Alabama evening, a baked and smoked and boiled and spiced and boiled and smoked and fried buffet. She and Dee Dee hosted the social gathering in the courtyard of their apartment building, which was just a ways down from our mother’s house. Juicy was not invited. Though they themselves were not expressly invited either, Neck Bones, Tube Socks, and a couple of Jump Out prospects stood watch as security. Neck Bones mainly expressed his healthy appetite rather than his protective services, but Cherrelle didn’t mind. Given the anarchy at Egypt, the increasing threat of the suddenly-not-so-funny bounty hunters such as Abner and them, I too welcomed the sight of my former teammates. 
Noticeably absent, of course, was Efrem-Felix. Whereas Free Love could forgive, if not quite forget my series of transgressions that had contributed to his being waylaid by Abner, our bespectacled cousin had had enough of Benji’s misadventures. According to Tube Socks, the presence of him and Neck Bones at Cherrelle’s was not an official Jump Out Boys mission. In fact, it was quite the opposite. 
I had been blacklisted, meant to be shunned, placed on JOB’s “DO NOT DEFEND AND DO NOT RESCUE” list. In the wake of my over-the-top takedown of Douglas at Tio Manny’s, my “sexist and disgusting” farting on Dee Dee (though I still thought it funny in its overt grossness), and my general wiseacre attitude and nonchalance concerning Vontavious and the bounty hunters — Benji’s status with The Jump Out Boys now lay in the gray area between “comedic aggressor” and “verbal bully,” as decreed by War Chief Killjoy. I was one bead on the abacus away from “misanthropic, misogynist race-baiter,” believe it or not. And to think, I had questioned Efrem-Felix’s vocabulary. 
They had a chart. Efrem-Felix had a chart! On it were pictures and profiles of JOB’s “bullies of interest,” names that had been submitted to them of various school, neighborhood, and online bullies. I didn’t know how they verified any of this. From what I understood, they had a very high success rate — one hundred percent antagonism stoppage, courtesy of The Jump Out Boys beating the ever-loving shit out of the bullies they targeted. Efrem-Felix had kept their vetting process to himself shortly after I’d cracked my first joke about JOB taking itself too seriously. I was fairly certain why old War Chief Grumpy Gramps considered my sense of humor to be bullying in nature: “People get tired of smart alecks. Jokes don't nobody understand. Sarcasm. Irony. Always insincere.” 
More evidence for the prosecution: shamefully I must confess to homophobic humor when I was younger, a black mark upon my already iffy character, inexcusable beyond regret. Inexcusable and baffling now, especially since I’ve acknowledged my desire to please all on the spectrum of sexuality, to please trans women, most voraciously. Before this awakening, my being friendly to Peanut, who was openly gay, did nothing to appease Efrem-Felix’s memory of my past comedic crimes. The Jump Out Boys, in fact, had a special folder for gender and sexual identity bullying. From what Free Love told me, it was always on top of the stack.   
Couple my ironic detachment with the violence that seemed to shroud me wherever I went, and I was one incident shy of being declared an active JOB target instead of merely being shunned. 
That Sunday night at my going-away party, when I asked Neck Bones what the other Jump Out Boys thought about me and my precarious status, Neck shrugged his big shoulders and said, “You talk too much. You think too much. It’s better to just be. That’s really all you have to do, ain’t it? And you don’t even have to think about doing it. About being. And if you do…that’s when you know you’re in trouble.” 
2
I sat on the back steps in the courtyard of my sister’s apartment building, thinking. Trying not to think, I sketched the festivities at my going-away party, the card players my subject. Party lights dangled from the towering palms, supporting the warm orange glow of the Tiki torches. 
Uncle Un, when drunk enough, fancied himself a professional archivist. He walked around documenting the event with his video camera. He recorded. I drew. 
I was not particularly good at Spades or Bid Whist, so my absence from the card tables was routine. Cherrelle and Free Love, however, equaled their elders in their card playing skills. Free, especially, had a knack for winning, much to everyone's chagrin because he never took the game seriously. 
Uncle Pete, meanwhile, took his defeats hard, especially now that he was three days into his sobriety. Why wasn’t Benji receiving credit for that collateral effect? Uncle Pete was sober and had attended church that Sunday morning, the first time in decades, according to Cherrelle. He had not touched a drop of alcohol since the incident at the liquor store on Friday. My presence did not solely predicate chaos, as Vontavious and now Efrem-Felix claimed. I could affect change for the positive in others. I was not a chaos agent. In fact, I so had faith in the summer breeze that drafted the night beach air that…well, that if chaos erupted and peace required my absence, then so be it. I would get gone. 
Perhaps for good.
As the card players played, I sketched their moves.
"That ain't a book," insisted Uncle Pete, cigarillo dangling between his lips. "I see how you be doin', Free. That ain't a book."
"What you talkin' about, 'that ain't a book'?" laughed Free Love, referring to the "tricks" taken during a round of Spades. "Buddy, that's Book-a-pedia, that's what that is. Talkin' about 'that ain't a book'. That is a book. What say you, Peanut?"
"A short story, maybe," declared Peanut, backing up his cards partner, "but definitely not a book. I think we underbid, Free Love, that's what I say. I thought ya'll were over here playing Spades, Uncle Pete. Ya'll over here playing pat-a-cake, that's what ya'll over here doin'."
Uncle Pete glared across the table at his cards partner, Tio Manny. Tio Manny was still wary of me as a result of the atomic jank session in the Super Mercado, but he loved playing cards and wouldn’t turn down a game even if I had given myself an enema in the middle of his store. 
Uncle Pete harrumphed then sucked on his cigarillo. From afar, I made certain to sketch the smoke that flew over the card table, carried aloft by the night’s humid wind. Interestingly, I saw Uncle Un attempt to record the smoke with his video camera. Rapidly, I drew the same image, certain I bested taped depiction. The pen was mightier than record.
"Somebody reneged," hissed Uncle Pete to Free Love, hotly. "People get sliced for that, nephew. Ventilated."
"So I hear," chuckled Free Love. "Grown folks be serious about playin’ them some Spades. Grown folks be pulling out straight razors. Strops. Axe handles. Mustard gas. Too bad we ain't playing with Medicaid cards. Ain't that right, Peanut? Peanut, you whole grain cereal eatin’, wheat grass smoothie drinkin’, sugar free, fibrous doo-doo shittin’ rascal, you. That's my partner there, ya'll. That's Mr. Peanut."
"He gonna be Mr. No Nut, ya'll keep on reneging," spat Uncle Pete, surly. "Benji, go inside Cherrelle's and get a new deck. Free done did something unseemly to these here. We’ve been playing with a marked deck."
"What?" laughed Free Love. "How could I do something unseemly to these cards, Uncle Pete? When I came over here, ya'll were already playing. Marked deck? Uncle Pete, you be trippin'."
"You did something," insisted Uncle Pete, holding a card up for inspection. "You probably spunked on them with your nasty, freaky deaky self."
"Books need glue," explained Free Love. "How am I supposed to not spunk when the queen of hearts be looking all sexy like that?"
"Free!" yelled Uncle Pete.
I sketched my uncles puffing cigarillos, the pungent scent of flavored tobacco mingling with the odor of neighboring sea life, of Roy-Jon’s briny blue crab bounty, of oysters, crackers, and hot sauce. Not just mountains of fried fish but maybe an ice cold watermelon or a plate of Tio Manny’s paella. I liked that people got miffed if a card player wanted to stop playing. I liked that a marathon past midnight was expected. I liked that tables would erupt in raucous celebration at an exceptionally expert win. These images would join my portfolio of art. 
“Ain’t nobody studyin’ you, Free Love,” dismissed Uncle Pete. I drew the word studyin’ in his speech bubble but wondered if people unfamiliar with our colloquialisms would know that studyin’ meant “paying attention to.” But then when I erased the word and replaced it with “No one is paying attention to you, Free Love,” my drawing of the card players struck me as inauthentic. Thus the forever war of realism versus fantasy (versus clarity!) once again raged across my sketchbook. I erased and redrew, erased and redrew.  
"This ain’t the Boo Radley Mystery Hour," grumbled Uncle Un, aiming his video camera at me. “This is family time, Benji. What you sittin’ over there all quiet for?” 
Actually, it was more of an observation than a question. I was known to hermit during such functions. It was ironic that Uncle Un designated the evening as “family time,” given that Efrem-Felix, the son he often viciously beat up, was not present. 
"You ask me," interjected Uncle Pete, though no one had, "college boy been acting mighty rabbity for somebody about to cruise on up out of Boaz. Mighty rabbity."
"Can you blame him?" asked Free Love, laying down a card. "As if Hungry Hungry Hitler and The New American Nazis at the skating rink weren’t bad enough, Vontavious done gone and lost his ever-loving mind. He may have said it's over but something ain't right with that joker. Speaking in tongues? Looking all tweaked out and paranoid? With bodyguards? Man, that white lady is more swole than my play play cousin, Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson. Vee is for bulletproof vest. Vontavious ain't Vontavious no more."
"You sound like you're taking his side again," I grumbled.
"Speaking in tongues," continued Free Love, "or whatever the hell it is that makes him talk like. That? Drugged-out speech pattern. Vontavious be scaring me as of late. I mean, he may be overly ambitious to the point of psychosis, but name a top athlete who isn't. All that testosterone, talent, and all that tail they be getting. But it ain't like they don't deserve it. Vontavious is a blue chip."
I yawned.
"Vontavious is a blue chip," repeated Free Love, "and he ain't dumb. I don't know why people think that if you strive for physical achievement and maintain your body properly, that somehow makes you a meathead. Wrong. Barring the infirm and the unable, there is no such thing as an intelligent person who is not in shape.”
“Bit of a wide net,” clucked Peanut.
“Fat people need a wide net,” countered Free Love. “That didn’t come out like I wanted it to come out, but I think you get my point. I applaud those who strive for physical achievement. Uplift the Olympians. The betterment of body. Serenity through proper diet and exercise. An early morning at the gym is better for your mental health than holing up in that art shed of yours, Benji.”
“That’s debatable.”
“Then why not do both? Work out and write out. Shoot, I'll defend Vontavious for being an athlete and a scholar."
"A scholar? He said you're too dumb to know to cheat.”
"I’m not too dumb to know," insisted Free Love, laying down a card. "Trust me when I say I know how to cheat.” He surveyed the cards on the table. “Yet I choose not to cheat — which in my book,” clarified Free Love, collecting another winning book of cards, “does not signify a lack of intelligence. But I’ll still defend Vontavious. The old Vontavious. The athlete Vontavious.” 
This time when I yawned, a lovebug flew into my mouth. 
“You were always about the show,” laughed Free Love, watching me choke on the insect. “The spectacle is what you dig, Crayons, not the spirit of competition. That’s why you got stuck on professional wrestling while the rest of us moved on to boxing and Mixed Martial Arts. You don't realize how rewarding sports can be because that's hang-up number seventy-two on your long list of psychological issues, Benji, you Lucky Charms eatin’, black-coffee-with-six packets-of-sugar-drinking, post-morning-shower-and-ablutions-shitting lunatic’s lunatic. But let me tell you, partner, old Vee-Iz-4-Victor used to show out during them football games.” 
“Some say,” I grumbled.
“All say,” insisted Free Love. “Shoot, I still rooted for Vontavious even after his vindictiveness got us kicked off the football team. Went to every game. That’s just who I am. I support local athletics. I support all athletics. But this new Vontavious ain't been the same since he signed. Shoot, I would've thought he’d be up at college the whole summer for training. But he keeps popping back up down here in them streets."
"Maybe he's homesick," chimed in Dee Dee, picking up a card.
"Homesick?" I bleated, incredulously. "He's not from Boaz. He's not from the streets. I'm an expert on not being from the streets. Fiery the angel Vontavious fell...from the snooty rich black folks' part of town. Bootstrap Bougie. Black Republicans. Right Wing Conservative Christians. The kind who run for office. The prosperity church and the private school ilk. His presence here in Boaz brings a whole new meaning to 'slumming' I think.” 
“You know, I could never figure out why Vontavious went to our high school,” added Cherrelle. “Sorry, Benji, but if I had the means, I would’ve put you in private school, too, or have you forgotten your public school tribulations? I admit to being skeptical of those prosperity cults like Lamp Ministries, but on the whole, having money doesn’t necessarily grant privilege — it grants options. When I was a senior and ya’ll were freshmen, Vontavious was the cock of the walk at Smith High, even back then.”
“Going to school down here in Boaz makes sense,” added Free Love, completing another book. “Pressure makes diamonds. I remember that from science class. Pressure, heat, and depth. Vontavious’ daddy is smart. You want to make a blue chip diamond, you bury your son’s posh, siddity ass in the hottest, most lowdown, smash-mouth program in the region: Smith, Alabama’s Boaz — The Football Incubator of The South.” 
“Further evidence that Boaz is hell,” I sighed. “Can we talk about something else?"
"And now he reigns amongst the sinners," lamented Free Love, completing yet another book. "But a blue chip ain't gonna stop being a blue chip. That injury you caused to his arm? Bump that, to his pride? Accident be damned, Benji, you're that fumbled ball, that missed free throw, that game-losing interception. Ain't no do-over. No, suh. Only escalation. He must improve. Only revenge. He must score higher. Bougie or not, he is a blue chip. He. Must. Win."
Far, far above us, an airship swam the night, afloat between the world-roaming clouds and the moon of Alabama. My mind drifted to thoughts of Cressida and her “long con,” whatever that may be. Was she attempting to “honey trap” Vontavious? Did she pull out the condoms for him?
I wondered if Cressida was still in Boaz. Was she still in Smith? In Alabama? In the South? In the universe? 
Trying not to think, I swallowed another lovebug.
3
"That's seven," assessed Peanut, scanning the card table as I hacked up half a lovebug on my sister’s back porch. "We bid seven, right? We got our seven. Ya'll bid blind five and didn't make it. Hmm. For us, that's, what, Free Love get the pencil...four hundred and —"
"Aw, hell naw!" objected Uncle Pete, chomping his cigarillo in half. "Boy, is this how Monique taught you how to play Spades? Ain’t gotta win all the damn time! If people played to win all the damn time, wouldn’t nobody win to play, now would they, Mr. Peanut? Why’d she name you Peanut, anyway? Do we look like a bunch of goddamn elephants to you? Peanut-shaped head rascal, coming over here with your peanut-shaped head, looking like somebody slipped Dumbo a hit of acid! God-da-damn Planters representing motherfucker! Legume!"
Group discussion at the card tables had gradually turned away from Vontavious and, inevitably, toward the beloved daytime soap opera that spanned — nay, united — generations of us. From grandmothers to mothers to big sisters to babysitters to sick-day school children everywhere, CBS Television’s The Young and The Restless remained a beacon of entertainment. I couldn’t believe it was still on. 
Cherrelle and Dee Dee, when they worked during the day, kept up with it via digital video recorder, which they would then watch at night. I knew this because I programmed the DVR for my sister. I also programmed the DVR for Free Love, the truest soap opera fan, whose job with me at the grocery store over the summer had caused him to miss the broadcasts. His knowledge probably bested the CBS network archivers.
"Victor wrong for that," argued Cherrelle, referring to captain of industry Victor Newman from the soap opera. "Victor too busy studyin’ Jabot when he needs to be worrying about what Nikki up to. That's his downfall right there. See, Victor is really a gangster trying to be a businessman, but he acts like a businessman trying to be a gangster. Stringer Bell syndrome. Victor be perpetrating. Ain’t that right, Tio Manny?"
“Si, si,” confirmed Tio Manny. “Telenovela.”
"All I know is," said Free Love, cutting Uncle Pete's jack with a queen. "My grandmamma and them was talking about The Young and The Restless back in 1801. That dern Jabot done lasted longer than any company in history. Longer than Water and Dirt, Incorporated."
Everybody laughed. Cherrelle was so tickled, she pooted.
“I smell condensed milk,” observed Dee Dee, restarting the wave of laughter.  
And then my mother and Lowball Larry showed up. They were stoned. The card players quieted. Unease overtook the party. The duo stumbled up, clasped to each other, lurching toward the card tables. I immediately realized that alcohol alone could not have caused their condition.
They were both torn up, as the grown folks called “that other level" of intoxication. My mother and Lowball Larry were to' up.
"Who's winning?" cackled Juicy, hovering over Cherrelle's shoulder. "Girl, what kind of hand is that? Chey? Chey!”
My sister did not respond.
“Goddamn it, you hear me talking to you, Cherrelle! Uppity bitch, don't act like —"
"Alright," interrupted Uncle Tiny. "Juicy, I think you might need to go inside."
"Not in that state, she doesn’t," said Cherrelle, quietly. "She knows the rules."
"The rules?" repeated our mother, her neck rotating, her hands on her hips. She stomped over to where Uncle Pete was sitting, noticed that he had no alcohol. So she picked up a bottle of liquor and placed it down directly in front of the man who was three days into his sobriety. 
When in this condition, Juicy would behave as though everything she did was funny. Contrast this scene of embarrassment with the memories of Mother showing up to school for parent/teacher conferences still drunk from the night before. Or showing up to the academic award ceremonies with a bottle in her purse, with vomit and mouthwash breath after frequent trips to the ladies’ room. Or not showing up to my art exhibits. Or not showing up to Cherrelle’s cheerleading competitions. Or not showing up to graduation. When in this condition, Juicy behaved as though everything she did was funny, yet the result yielded nothing but menace: "Hey, everybody!” she shouted. “This is my friend, Larry! Hey, Larry! Larry, ain't you my friend?"
Lowball was so high, he just stood there grinning. Both he and our mother were overdressed, as if they had come straight from the club. Deceptive, that. A detour, at some point, must have been made because no weather, even on this hottest of nights, could provoke their type of sweat. Jittery. Tweaked. Far too animated. Their perspiration had a smell to it, an acrid, electric body odor, the smell of a frayed plug burning in a wall socket. That smell. Both of their eyes glistened like decanter jewels in the dark. 
Having remained on the porch steps, I attempted to flee from this embarrassment by diving deeper into my sketchbook. I flipped a page. It wasn’t working. I felt panicked and I wanted to escape. My sister kept her car keys atop the bar in her apartment upon which she never served alcohol. What if I just got up and drove away, drove off to campus in the dead of night, parked outside the administration building with my scholarship check and my cups of coffee and my cigarettes to keep me awake until my future opened? Juicy. Jittery. Tweaked. That smell. Mother was obviously high on a powerful, powerful street drug because even she, a drunk, was not known to behave like this.
"The rules," hissed Juicy, scanning the card tables and their players. "That ain't sweet tea."
"Out here," insisted Cherrelle. "They're drinking out here. The rule is no alcohol allowed in my apartment. No drunks, either. No junkies, especially."
"Oh!" mocked Juicy, dramatically throwing her hands up in the air." Oh, okay! That's different then! That hospital you work at is the biggest drug pusher around, but that’s different!"
My mother yanked up the bottle of gin that she had placed in front of Uncle Pete. She stepped too carefully away from the card tables and toward the back porch where I sat. She then stomped wildly in the direction of Cherrelle’s apartment door. When my mother and her sloshing bottle reached me, I — still drawing in my sketchbook — I purposefully stuck out my right leg so that she tripped and fell head first onto the concrete porch, gashing open her forehead.
“Benji!” screamed Cherrelle.
I heard my name, both full and abbreviated, shouted from various shocked and astonished mouths. Uncle Un, of course it would be Uncle Un, marched over to the porch as if he were about to hit me — “Go ahead, role model!” I screamed, “since your son isn’t here, I guess I’ll have to be your punching bag, huh, inmate!” — and then Uncle Un did hit me, striking me full in the face, close-fisted, powered by years of wanting to knock the weirdness out of me. 
My mother, slow to rise from the ground, wailed in agony from where I had caused her to fall. 
I ran.
Chapter Eighteen: Hook in Mouth
1
A band of sullen black males and one grinning white boy greeted me as I awoke on the beach. 
I had spent the previous night sleeping in the sand, my sketchbook a pillow. How had The Violators located me when my friends and my family members could not? 
I had escaped the immediate consequences of having I njured my mother the night before by simply running away. The beach had seemed like a good place to lay low for a while, a good place to stop and strategize how to make my way to campus. First I have to sneak back home and grab the scholarship check, I had thought while entering the precarious palm frond lean-to, Roy-Jon’s abandoned summer dwelling, and then…I fell asleep. 
I had spent the night tossing and turning in the sand, feeling ashamed for having hurt my mother. The area on my face where Uncle Un had punched me had bruised. This was soon to be the least of my worries. The least of my injuries?
The alarm that now awakened me from restless slumber was Roy-Jon singing Charley Pride’s “Kiss an Angel Good Mornin.” His cowboy crooning sounded resplendent above the nearby crashing waves.   
"Well, son," chuckled Roy-Jon, parting the fronds of his lean-to. “Surf’s up! And to think, us white boys get accused of appropriation. Enjoying my porridge here, Goldilocks?”
“Funny,” I groused.
“Side splitting,” said Roy-Jon. “Why, you’re America’s most wanted, Benji. A fugitive, as it were. Free Love ain't seen you. Efrem-Felix ain't seen you."
"Douglas ain't seen you," added Douglas, smirking as he stepped into view.
"Son, you’re late for a very important date," informed Roy-Jon, helping me up as I exited the lean-to. I wondered if this was the day I was supposed to report to campus or the day we were to be evicted from our house or both. But Roy-Jon wasn’t talking about those other ticking time bombs. He was addressing the one that had already exploded in my face: "Vontavious’ vengeance is nigh, boss man,” declared Roy-Jon. “I tried to warn you about that honey."
"I didn't," sniped Douglas, poking me in my stomach with something.
"Oh, that's a gun," I said, startled. With even more distress, inwardly I screamed, now? Vontavious is retaliating now? The timing. My mother. My crime! 
A mako shark leaped.
From the beach, they shepherded me to a four-door sedan. Douglas had only needed to show me the gun once. I required no prodding. Unlike Efrem-Felix, I had a healthy fear of guns. 
Besides the early Monday sun, the only witness to my capture was a beachcomber, an old black dude shambling down the shoreline. Was this the fortunetelling stranger from Friday night’s party, my mother’s party on that fateful day that had birthed this chaos? His graying dreadlocks looked familiar. The old bastard glanced in our direction, acknowledged me with a smile, and then he shot me the bird. I noticed his middle finger was crooked, as if having been broken long ago.
“Tell me my fortune,” I muttered, as the weird figure hobbled farther down the shoreline, laughing.
Roy-Jon opened a backseat door, I got in, and Douglas slid in after me. Roy-Jon jogged around to the other side of the car, and my abduction commenced.
2
I recognized the driver as the older gangbanger in the white suit who had guarded Vontavious at Egypt. He was accompanied by another man in the passenger's seat. They both looked dressed for church, both dressed in white suits. Nobody smiled. Both appeared tense.
"Oops," giggled Douglas, digging for something in his pockets. Whether or not he was reaching for the gun, I did not care for his cavalier antics. That shooting at the park last year was rumored to be accidental: "Dude had just wanted to scare dude with it," according to eyewitness reports. "Dude wasn't there to kill dude. I think." 
Though Douglas and Vontavious had not been involved in the park shooting last year (to the best of my knowledge), watching Douglas the idiot sidekick root around his body with a firearm on his person did nothing to alleviate my panic. Then it got worse. He pulled out a long black strip of cloth, told me to sit still, and then he proceeded to blindfold me with it.
"It's bad," reported Roy-Jon, seated to my left, his amiable voice granting no comfort. "Ain't no use in me lying. Benji, it's bad. But we ain't taking nobody to get murdered."
Douglas started laughing.
"He's putting on a show," sighed Roy-Jon. "A demonstration, as it were. Really and truly, this isn't about you."
Douglas laughed louder. I heard him slapping his knees.
"That business at the liquor store was an accident," insisted Roy-Jon, firmly. "Shoot, some of everybody knows that. But he ain't worried about you. He got you. This here is a show of badass.”
“Oh, that’s what this is,” I snorted, bitterly.
Roy-Jon continued: “People been messing with him since old boy got that magazine cover. It got worse when he signed. Vontavious all up on TV? Vontavious from these parts? Vee? That Vee? Certain folks couldn't handle it. Certain folks can't have that. So the way Vontavious sees things, he has to send a message. You're that message."
Obviously, the point of the blindfold was to prevent me from knowing where they were taking me. The point of the car ride, I did not know. They could have just killed me on the beach. The point of the gun, I felt poking me in my right hip every time the car made a turn.
"I am not going to pretend that I am not scared," I confessed, speaking to everyone in the vehicle. "I am very frightened right now. Very frightened."
"Very frightened!" repeated Douglas, guffawing. "Very frightened!"
"But my fear has little to do with the terrible movie," I insisted, speaking louder with each word. "The one you guys must have watched before you planned this kidnapping. My fear has a lot to do with the gun about to accidentally discharge in this braying idiot's pants."
"Hee haw!" brayed Douglas. "Hee haw!"
The gun went off. The car immediately swerved to the left, into what I assumed was oncoming traffic. The cannon pop bang of the discharge rendered me deaf. Smoke smell. An echoing buzz. The driver righted our vehicle just before we collided with something, according to the suddenly audible screams. The ringing in my ears subsided and I heard:
"Ouchy!"
"Douglas!"
"Idiot!"
"Pull over!"
What I had falsely identified as the muzzle of Douglas' gun at my right hip had, in actuality, been something entirely different, perhaps a key or a cigarette lighter in Douglas’ left pants pocket. When Douglas' actual gun fired, the bang preceded no pain that I could feel. Confusion, shouting, a sudden braking of the car. The gun had been in Douglas' right pants pocket, muzzle pointing outward toward the backseat right car door, as evidenced by the bullet hole I heard them shout about. Accusations ricocheted throughout the vehicle.
“What did I tell you, Douglas!” roared the driver. “You born-startled nitwit! Did your mother drop you on your head when you were a baby?”
“There is no need to bring anyone’s mother into this,” whimpered Douglas, incongruously reasoned. “Why do we always have to talk poorly about people’s mammas? It’s hurtful.”
We pulled off to the side of the road. So much yelling occurred, I lost track of who said what in the din. Once the tumult had peaked, my abduction continued. Still shouting at each other heatedly, and at Douglas specifically, the calamitous kidnappers collected themselves and resumed their mission.
“Ain’t never got nothing bad to say about a nephew or a pet,” muttered Douglas. “My mamma makes me good cookies, that’s what she do.” 
Minutes of silence amongst all in the car then Douglas whispered, “Coconut no-bakes.”
3
Now back in the rolling sedan, instead of laughing like an idiot, Douglas mewled like a wounded varmint. I told him so. I also told him he was a moron, a pinhead, and a general overall waste of sperm that deserved serious scientific consideration of being re-squirted back into his father's penis. Someone other than Douglas had been put in charge of the gun. Or, so I heard. I was still blindfolded.
"I done pee-peed," sniveled Douglas, stating the obvious according to my heightened sense of smell. "It's gettin' in where that bullet done burnt up my leg. It stings. Ain't pee-pee poison?"
"I will slap you repeatedly," I whispered to Douglas. "It won't be now. It won't be when we get out of this car. It won't be ten years or twenty years later. I will slap you repeatedly, Douglas, when we are both in our dotage, and you will have long forgotten the reason why you are being repeatedly slapped."
"Justified," seconded Roy-Jon.
"Pee-pee be poison!" cried Douglas, and I imagined his eyes cartoonish-ly enlarged. "I know pee-pee be!"
The car neared its destination. How did I ascertain this while unable to see? I heard Vontavious' voice before the car even stopped. It was amplified.
"Nothing strange about that," I quipped, turning my blindfolded head toward Roy-Jon. "I assume you didn't tell The Jump Out Boys where I was when you figured out that I was sleeping on the beach in your old digs. You got a taste for the kibble, too, huh, Roy-Jon? A spot in Vontavious’ entourage, eh?”
“Mayhap.”
“Yeah, I figured you for a heel turn at some point. Tired of being a jobber. Eager to be a face. Not happy with your storyline. Wanting a new angle. Yeah, I thought it was you who had alerted The Dixie Bastards to Egypt but, evidently, I was wrong. You were never a white supremacist. You’re just an opportunist, a soldier of fortune, a sellsword. But a traitor, Corn Pone? Low. Everybody's in showbiz."
"In part," affirmed Roy-Jon. “We all have our roles to play, I reckon.”
"Oh, you reckon, do you? Well, I reckon you’re tired of the trailer park set. I can empathize. Hey, I’d hitch a ride on Benji’s whipped back, too. Whips are in your blood. Showing your true colors, eh, Huckleberry?"
"Pedestrian," chuckled Roy-Jon, dismissively. "That was too blunt of an instrument for a wit as sharp as yours, Negro Jim. I take umbrage."
"Good thing I never trusted you," I said as the car rolled to a stop. "Who knows where I would be now if I had trusted you."
I could hear Roy-Jon's traitorous grin!
Sliding across what I assumed to be Douglas' blood and urine, I was yanked from the back seat of the sedan. Here, events became hazy mainly because nobody bothered to remove the strip of cloth covering my eyes. Further complicating my recollection later were multiple accounts of the event that made Rashomon look like an episode of Full House. No two people saw the same thing. I never actually saw what happened as it happened.
"We stay here," ordered one of the front seat abductors. I now stood outside of the sedan, my back to a window, my hands tied behind my back by a rope, my body pressed between the bodies of the two who had ridden up front. It was likely the driver, the suited older thug, who had spoken. Roy-Jon’s and Douglas' voices, voices I knew well enough to imitate, seemed to originate from a few feet away, as if they had been retreating from the parked car and then stopped. 
I heard the bouncing of basketballs. Where had they brought me?
"I need to do something about this leg," moaned Douglas. "For real, though. The bullet wound. It burns."
"We stay here," repeated the driver.
"Let me run go get him some water for it," offered Roy-Jon. "How’d that be? I mean, grazed wound or not, he’s bleeding."
"We stay here!" roared the driver, with an emphasis that telegraphed a concern about Roy-Jon, his tone a touch more authoritative than the one he had used with Douglas.
"Alrighty then," conceded Roy-Jon. "Don't want no problems with you, governor. Here we stay."
A wheel of loved ones, friends and acquaintances, enemies and foes, good deeds and crimes spun in my mind incessantly. I attempted to picture my mother, despite the competing mental images of the loving Cherrelle and the villainous Cressida. I attempted to lock in the mental image of my wounded mother before this imminent fate, this imminent punishment for my sins, every single one of them, my sin against my mother undoubtedly the final fall to my eternal damnation.
So here we stayed, albeit temporarily. Judging by the sound of Vontavious’ furor, a rally was taking place, an unlawful assembly to which I was about to be taken.
Judging by the sound of the blood-thirsty mob, my trial had already begun.
Chapter Nineteen: The People Versus Benji of Boaz
1
We stood near a basketball court. Curiously came the wall of sound: basketballs numbered in the hundreds, ascertained by the dribbling, like simultaneous nationwide Olympic team tryouts all on one court, all reverberating, all smacking what I imagined to be an asphalt surface. Above this echoing cacophony came the voices of countless males, surely the players. Above their din came the voice of Vontavious, amplified. I pictured his lips a bit too close to a microphone, his words electronically enhanced, the speaker system a bit too loudly amped, set atop a table I imagined (having no choice but to imagine), centered on the populated court. 
By all accounts, I had been abducted and brought to a guerilla sermon, a tent revival taking place on a basketball court, an early morning church service in progress. My nemesis, a holy man’s son, was preaching on a basketball court.
"A nobody!" proclaimed Vontavious, with evangelistic fervor. "A non-celebrity! An athlete too boring to showboat! That’s what! They? Want your Vontavious to be! But hey, Coach! I got your two-a-days up my shiny black ass! Yuh! Yuh! Yuh! Fuck the fundamentals, you old white cracker! Fundamental me some new goddamn cleats, slave driver, this ain’t Africa!"
I was not surprised to hear Roy-Jon stifle a laugh. Even the traitor could not abide Vontavious' over-the-top ranting, drug-induced, no doubt. Amplified, the preacher sounded even more unhinged. Laughter detonated like a bomb. The disharmony of this rally was overwhelming. Not only did it sound like Vontavious had lost his mind, it sounded like he had lost it publically, with the help of destabilizing drugs. I could not determine specifics. I could not establish how many of the voices belonged to his flock, whether or not the basketball players were part of his crew or even whether or not the basketball court lay within the bounds of Boaz. If Vontavious never touched me that day, he still would have gotten his revenge. The paranoia was unbearable. The unknown and the unseen were too terrifyingly oppressive.
"This leg," groaned Douglas. "Come on, man! Benji ain't gonna run nowhere! Blindfolded? Shit, he looks bored! He don't look scared! This some bullshit!"
"It would appear odd," observed Roy-Jon, evenly, "if Benji got put in the hospital — when he gets put in the hospital — and in comes Douglas with a gunshot wound. You two are being dim for no good reason. Let me go run get something to wash his bullet wound out, at least."
"Make me tell you again," spat the driver. "Shut up, white boy!" And then to the other abductor, he directed: “The phones. The phones. Make sure those junkies are getting all the phones.” I then heard crunching gravel, or more likely, crushed oyster shells, the sound of a person walking off, hurriedly.
Vontavious continued.
"Demonstration!" he sang, with a preacher's lulling repetition. "Demonstration is what we need, church! Demonstration! Demonstration! Yuh! Yuh! Yuh!” 
“I volunteer to cut this sinner!” some girl shouted. “I heard he slapped his own mother! He slapped Juicy! He slapped his own mother! Fucking nerd! Ungrateful, weird-ass, nigger nerd nigga! He’d rather read a book than impregnate a bitch and leave her trick ass with no child support! Does that sound like a real nigga to you? So what we gonna do about him, Vee?”
I made a run for it. The punch to my kidney landed so hard that I thought I was still running, even after the kicks that rolled me back and forth on the ground assured me that I was not. A drop of blood then spilled from my body. I felt it leak from a hole drilled by, most likely, the jagged shard of an oyster shell that had carved open my left cheek. The injury reminded me of something. Uncle Un hitting me in the face? The wound I had given my mother?
I’ll be seeing you real soon, author, God Two had said in Egypt. Have a blessed day!
I was yanked up from the ground and beaten to tears, ordered to stop crying, beaten more, beaten more. 
2
Abduction is torture, the journey as terrifying as the inevitable destination. Barely recovered from my thwarted escape, I contemplated making another run for it, dashing in the direction of the basketball players' voices who, hopefully, would also wonder what in the hell some dude in a blindfold was doing there, never mind that dude with the microphone preaching on the court. I never realized Vontavious suffered from this madness. I could not help but wonder if my driving over his arm had triggered his psychosis, be it drug-induced or otherwise. Such a scenario I recalled from my comic book collection, the hero unwittingly creating the villain who would inevitably challenge the hero without end. Except I was no hero. If anything, I was just a joker, a joker nobody found funny anymore.
"Show time, baby," sneered the driver, yanking me away from the car. "Time to play your role, little lamb."
The other abductor intervened.
"Hold on," he cautioned, and I was slammed back against the vehicle. "Vontavious has to leave the court first. They got all the cell phones, right? The cameras? Where’s Sister Becky?"
I could hear the crowd growing restless. The basketball bouncing resumed. Douglas continued his futile whining. No sound whatsoever came from Roy-Jon. In fact, I would have doubted his presence had I not been certain that the driver and his accomplice would have commented if Roy-Jon had left the scene. He was the closest thing to a sympathizer I could hope for in this unseen circus. My fate had come down to the whimsy of a traitor. 
And where were The Jump Out Boys? Surely my kidnapping transcended their “DO NOT DEFEND AND DO NOT RESCUE” embargo. But how would they know that I had been taken? For all they knew, I was still on the run after having…
…hurt my own mother. I recalled Tube Socks informing me that my bullying status was one significant incident away from my becoming an active JOB target. It would not be funny, but wow, how funny would it be if Efrem-Felix had joined forces with Vontavious? How hilarious would it be if my abduction was just an elaborate ruse to drag me to church or to a psychologist, or — most hilariously — to a bus that would take me to college? So damn funny, I started laughing, half-mad from the beatings I had thus far endured. 
"Man, forget this!" screeched Douglas, followed by a crunch of gravel. Rocks hit my shoes, limbs bumped my torso. I heard the unmistakable sounds of someone sprinting away. Another opening? Should I run? Was this my last chance for escape? Immediately, I felt my hands being yanked behind me, the rope around my wrists tightening.
"Ow!" I shouted.
"Shut up!" yelled the driver.
"I'll go get him!" offered Roy-Jon, followed by another flurry of rocks and the gravel crunch of a dash. I pictured Douglas making a limping run for it, blood from his leg wound dotting on the ground, Roy-Jon in hot pursuit.
"I told you he was wrong for this!" fumed the driver. "I'm gonna break that weasel's neck!"
Suddenly I was kicked, punched, and shoved into movement. My bound and blinded body was dragged away from the car to what I assumed was the basketball court. Voices of the chanting horde that had previously been far away now grew louder from directions all around me.
"Demonstrate!" demanded the mob. “Demonstrate!” they roared.
I was dragged, bleeding and bound, into the arena.
3
They had me on the basketball court now. I could tell by the lack of gravel crunch, the new sound of sneakers skidding on an asphalt surface. I was backed against a metallic shaft, perhaps the pole of a basketball goal, lashed to it by rope. 
"Wait a minute!" interjected an assailant. "Take off his shirt! Take off his pants! Take off his clothes!"
Once they stripped me naked, I could feel the texture of what bound me to the basketball goal post and it was most definitely rope. Tight as a tourniquet, it chewed my skin. My genitals were exposed and I was crying. In the midst of the chanting and the shouting and the basketballs bouncing and the music (church organs?) playing, I almost ruined everybody's fun by passing out from exhaustion. The blazing sun had sapped me. The fear had drained me. Was it possible to run out of sweat? I caught a slap to the face and regained presence. Suddenly came the amplified voice of Roy-Jon. Regardless of his questionable allegiance, the bandit would have his fun.
"Congressman Ryan is dead!" announced Roy-Jon, laughing into the microphone wildly. "Run get the vats, Jim Jones! Hey, Kool-Aid! Oh, yeah!"
Immediately, he was cussed out and booed. I received a punishing kick to my right shin, a punch to my left cheek. Then evaporated the body heat and the boy stink that had clouded around me since I had been dragged from the car. Voices previously near me now became distant. I had been blindfolded, stripped naked and strapped to a basketball goal post. All bouncing basketballs stopped. Except for the sound of one.
"I’m too outnumbered," whispered Roy-Jon into my left ear. "One riot, one ranger won’t cut it. I can’t break kayfabe. Find salve in that iridescent mind of yours, Crayons. And whatever you do, don't —"
Die?
Drop?
I could not comprehend the last word Roy-Jon said to me. Shouts of "Get the hell off the court, white boy!" overtook the moment and then I only heard that single bouncing ball.
It started.
The first basketball hit me in my genitals. Before it bounced off the court, I felt the wind of the second ball, which failed to impact. Rapidly came the third and the fourth and the fifth and the sixth. Faster came the seventh and the eighth and the ninth and the tenth. From an unseen distance (within half court, at least), a procession launched a succession of basketballs, all aimed and targeted at the entirety of my front-facing body. I stood before a firing squad, a dead man erect. What had Roy-Jon said? I had to not do what Roy-Jon had said not to do.
Drop?
Die?
Came the twentieth ball and the next and the next and the next.
A basketball slammed into my forehead. Another basketball hit me straight in my right eye and punched the back of my head against the metal pole. When my skull rebounded from the strike, my left eye caught the next ball and spewed blood, wetting the next and the next and the next. Somebody yelled "dunk on him!" and that was when I started to scream. Somebody yelled "triple-double!" and that was when I started to collapse. A basketball slammed into my chin. Another basketball gashed it. Granted a crown of downward streaming blood — hot and slippery and gushing as if from a disemboweled sheep — I received an unexpected kick to my bare testicles, my basketball whipping accented by a volley of swift sneakers and fists. "Yuh! Yuh! Yuh!" barked the ring of circling thugs. "Yuh! Yuh! Yuh!" barked the pack of hyenas ripping, laughingly, at my freshly opened meat. No angels of salvation dared swoop. A weird lull occurred, a stay of the flying whips. 
Overhead I heard something hover. A machine of some sort? A drone? It buzzed. What horrors did it witness below? Fifty flung basketballs? Fifty lashes at the stake? The buzzing sound retreated and the short-timer fell (Benji, you only got, what, a couple of days before you're on the last chopper out of Boaz?). Overrun by the enemy was I, forsaken and left for dead.
And then:
"Don't do it, Vontavious! Brother, you're fucking up! You can't be here!"
"Demonstrate!” roared Vontavious. “What's the point of a miracle if the people can't see it?"
The next object that crashed into my face had not a roundness but a point.
"Healed!" exclaimed Vontavious to the cheers and applause and the screams and adoration of his demented congregation. "For he is healed! He is healed!"
I imagined that Vontavious had removed his arm from its sling. I imagined that off fell its cast. His one football then achieved what the endless volley of hurled basketballs could not.
It broke my nose.
His one throw.
His one perfectly precise, sniping throw.
Kill shot!
The crowd screamed as the football broke apart my face. Blood spurted out from my nose to the ground. Before I had a chance to stop wailing in pain, Vontavious was suddenly in front of me, according to his hot breath, the stormy air of the beast. Then he was behind me.
“I don’t know which hand you draw with,” sniggered Vontavious. “Coin toss!”
Came the sound of metal hitting asphalt, the sound of his flipped coin declaring its decision. He had flipped a coin to decide which one of my hands to break.
“Vengeance is mine sayeth Vontavious!”
“Wait! Wait! Wait!” I pleaded. “Wait! Wait! Wait!” I pleaded. “No, stop! Stop! Wait, Vontavious, stop, you don’t have to —”
Vontavious yanked my left hand from its binding, firmly gripped it at the wrist. As I screamed, he methodically snapped open the bones of my fingers, breaking one finger, two fingers, three fingers, four fingers, and then — forcing the thumb over backward until its nail scraped my wrist — I felt the final, bone-splitting pop of the fifth white stick.
“Before you pass out!” sneered Vontavious, yanking on my broken fingers. “What you’re feeling is five hundred dollars being tied to your stump —  a hundred dollar bill per finger! That’s how much it would’ve cost to have your mother’s car repaired! The car that you drove over my throwing arm? That clown car that you drove over my money arm? Remember that, Benji, you fucking clown?”
I didn’t remember anything. Darkness beckoned. I was, indeed, about to succumb, to swim the ink of death eternal, the inkwell of never-emerge. How would it be to never be born?
“I checked on the price of the repair!” continued Vontavious, “Before I had that hunk of junk destroyed! Five hundred dollars? For that nobody car? Nobody car, nobody future, nobody blacks! White people got the right idea! Who wants to be in the minority? They don’t! A rich American’s shit is the rest of America’s feast! And speaking of the shit-eating poors…”
 The resurgent furor of the crowd heralded to the court the arrival of the bounty hunters.
4
Barely, at first, above my crying and my pleading, I heard the advent of an imperious voice.
I heard it, but I didn't know it. I knew it, but I couldn't quite hear it. The closer it came, the louder it grew. That voice. His voice. Here?
"The board of directors cannot afford to turn down my offer," said the steadily approaching voice of Victor Newman, the character from the CBS soap opera, The Young and The Restless. I was not sure if this was verbatim dialog from the show or if I was experiencing an auditory hallucination. 
"It is now in the hands of the investors. Katherine knew about it all along. And Jill will damn well accept it. This one you lose, Jack Abbot. For you are now in the employ of Newman Enterprises!"
The words Roy-Jon had said to me, his last words, came now like the promise of the Holy Grail finally presented corporeal to Arthur the King.
Doo doo.
"Whatever you do, Crayons, don't you doo doo."
Hither came The Jump Out Boys.
Chapter Twenty: Let’s Take It to The Stage
1
Further torture I would have to endure before my rescue. I would later have visual confirmation that it was indeed Vontavious who had thrown the football that had broken my nose, that it had indeed been the beast who had broken the fingers of my left hand. His was the last strike to my body, the final cut, the coup de grace before the interrupting arrival of my friends. 
"What in the hell?" yelled Vontavious, barely audible above the voice of Victor. 
I heard a click. The amplified voice from The Young and The Restless stopped. 
"Groovy," sang Free Love. "Copasetic. Casual observation says 'what in the hell?' is the question for you, Vontavious. I done seen some mighty fucked-up shit in my day, but this here is beyond all fucktabulousness."
"Just going to stand there, huh?" shouted Vontavious to his minions. "Forget the fact! You? Let him just walk up to me like this! Ain't nobody going to do something about this fool?"
A bounced basketball answered his question. Laughter commenced. Whatever euphoria had halted his strange speaking pattern abandoned the villain at present. Perhaps the advent of Free Love had rattled Vontavious. I was in so much unfathomable pain that I floated outside of my body yet was at once present in its flooded meat. Sweat trickled down into the split-open caverns of my broken hand. I lost consciousness, buckled, and the rope that bound my naked torso to the basketball goal sliced into my flesh. This pain roused me back to the present. Voices carried. I came to and Free Love was holding court. I came to and vomited onto my chest, oysters and mango snot. My broken hand torched anew and I screamed, the pain was so intense. My face had been replaced by an active cloud of wasps stinging the smashed open hamburger that was my broken nose. My genitals were still exposed, covered in blood, dripping with blood.
"Free Love," I called, collapsed against the pole. "Not to criticize your strategy. But." I vomited. "Cousin. I have to criticize. Your strategy."
"Justified," conceded Free Love. "No doubt. Yes, I am about to pull Vontavious' trachea up through his throat and make him play it like a piccolo. Yes, that is about to happen. However, I do believe that all involved deserve an explanation as to why I'm playing an audio recording of  The Young and The Restless as my battle song."
"My hand," I cried, trembling. "My nose. I’m in. So much. Naked. Pain."
"Indubitably," observed Free Love, as I commenced passing blood from my penis. "But I feel somewhat vulgar in my lack of clarification. I feel remiss."
"Meanwhile, ya’ll are just standing there!" shouted Vontavious to his soldiers. "This isn't part of the demonstration! This isn't. Part? Of my great and glorious —"
"Oh, SHUT THE FUCK UP!" yelled what I presumed to be an observer from the stands. "You overrated, constant interception throwing, ball-hogging, showboatin’ son of a bitch! Police gonna be here in a minute! That I know! Dude ya'll just whipped half to death with sporting equipment needs medical attention right quick-like! That I know! Everybody out here about to scatter and won't hesitate to drop-kick innocent passersby to beat feet home! That I know! What I don't know is why in the hell — in the midst of this traumatizing, unreasonably violent cluster fuck — I just heard The Young and The Goddamn Restless playing on a motherfucking, 1980s, chain-snatching-ass, What’u-talkin-bout-Willis-ass, five-hundred-and-fifty-three-D-batteries-to-power-one-Whodini-song-ass, First Lady Nancy Reagan era goddamn GHETTO BLASTER! I swear to God Two, if somebody don't explain this ludricrous scenario to me, I'm gonna pull out this submachine gun and mow down every non-explaining asshole up in this junkyard motherfucker! Free Love!"
"Yes, sir?"
"Explain this inexplicable shit!"
"I don’t do earbuds," clarified Free Love, before a click renewed the cassette taped soap opera. "This is supposed to be Run-D.M.C." Another click stopped it. "That was to be my battle song. Run-D.M.C. or Public Enemy or Beastie Boys. L.L. Cool J, perhaps? One of the old school tapes that came with this music device. A lengthy debate, selecting one’s battle song, especially when confronted with the daunting deepness of the Def Jam bench. Now, I think I'm allowed two observations at this point. One. There ain't no such thing as too many blank cassette labels. Two. A boom box is the poor man's DVR. Three. Don't say I didn't warn you to duck, Vontavious."
"Three?" laughed Vontavious. "Three? You said two observations! You can't even count! A demonstration of faith and of healing followed by this minstrel show of typical Boaz buffoonery!"
"Ha! Ha!" laughed another spectator. "Free Love's mama so fat, she ate the DVR! That hungry bitch thought it stood for Donut Vicinity Recorder!"
"Did she?" asked Free Love. "Friend, that strikes me as a highly unlikely scenario."
"Fool!" came the courtside commentary. "A highly unlikely scenario is you setting that boom box next to the television to record the sound of The Young and The Restless!"
"Our digital video recorder malfunctioned," countered Free Love, defensively. "Is ingenuity such a crime? Analog such a taboo? How else was I going to record it? I’m a working man. I like my tech as much as the next person, but I ain’t got time for all that incessantly updating, end-user license agreement, digital schmigital, Adobe nonsense. It’s bad enough I’m bagging groceries for Memaw an’em when my stories be on. And I’m missing The Price is Right, too? Come on, now, brother, stop being preposterous."
"Free," I pleaded, watching dragons descend. "Exposition. Not needed. Just fight."
"If we must," sighed Free Love. "But there's a lesson to be learned here. It's all about the climax. Everybody wants to see Victor secure enough votes to assume control of Jabot. Don't nobody want to see the scenes at the coffee shop where the deals take place. I, myself, refuse to fast forward through —"
"Free!"
“ — any scenes at the coffee shop or especially when somebody’s driving a car. Anytime you see somebody driving a vehicle in a soap opera, friend, that’s a guaranteed wreck right there. Duck, Vontavious.”
“What?”
Came a thunderous sound of crashing. I imagined a planet slamming into Vontavious' skull. I would later learn that Free Love had hoisted his boom box high above Vontavious' head and swung it down with force. The target crumpled! The crowd erupted! 
Bounty hunters then took to the ring:
“Sooie!” thundered the voice of the slouching God Two. “Slop now, sooie! Hogs! Hounds! Yah! Yah! Tree that coon! Yah! Yah! Fetch me the wages of sin, my Dixie brethren, AS YOUR GOD TWO COMMANDS!”
Free Love shouted, "Efrem-Felix, to your left!" and then I saw Efrem-Felix throw a punch to his left. From behind me someone had removed my blindfold and was untying me from the goal post. I was unbound and then tossed my clothes. 
My body now covered (which took ages with a single hand), blinking through sunlight, sweat and blood, a vision of brawling on an epic scale unfolded before my eyes. 
As I’d imagined, I had stood lashed to the pole of a basketball goal. Between this one and its metallic twin across the court raged a free-for-all between numerous factions, including Vontavious’ thugs, the bounty hunters, and the Boaz fighters aligned with Efrem-Felix and Free. 
Came a grand clash, the fantastical scenes of athletic combat — battle royale, battle royale — the rumble to end all teenage rumbles.
"Corn Pone!" shouted Free Love, signaling Roy-Jon, “Violators at 12 o’clock!”
"Windows!" hollered Roy-Jon, signaling Efrem-Felix, “Dixie Bastards in the schoolhouse door, coming in hot, my brother!”
"Ca-caw! Ca-caw!” called Efrem-Felix. “Jump Out Formation: Summer of '67!" to which Free Love responded, "I thought that was the summer of '69! Wasn't 'The Summer of Love' in 1969? Wouldn’t 69 make the most sense? Fellas, I think I'm having an existential crisis up in this mug!"
The Jump Out Boys had, indeed, jumped out, and my reaction to swooping salvation at last was a downward slide, a final collapse as I bled out onto the court. But just when I thought life had chucked me the totality of its shock, a softball came rolling toward me. Softly it stopped against my left leg.
“Don’t go limp on me now,” snarled Rocket Rodriguez, approaching with bat in hand. “Orgies are difficult to come by these days. Benjamin.”
“But you gals are on our side, right?” I beseeched my old comedy target. “Forgive and forget? Is that a new haircut I see, Marisol? Pointy heads begone, I mean… No batter, no batter, no batter? Marisol?”
“You get hard and you stay hard, you un-funny prick!”
The Ladyjacks entered the ring. 
2
Softball bats swung like blades on a swamp boat fan. Christian Kwan, his acrobatic flips in defiance of gravity, swatted away The Ladyjacks’ arsenal with his fist-clutched Bibles. “Holding firm!” reported Tube Socks to Efrem-Felix. One of Vontavious’ gang punched Tube Socks in the back. He was swiftly rewarded with a blow of the D-cell batteries packed inside the pair of tube socks twirling. I witnessed cylinders of metal crashing into a battalion of foes and realized that these were the hurled weapons of Potted Meat Patel, his ammunition carried at his waist in a Dollar Store bag.
“Look at this bama!” laughed an enemy as Neck Bones bit into his grandmother’s boiled pork. “You’re eating during the middle of a fight? How country is that? Where’s your collard greens, bama? Is that why they call you ‘Neck Bones’?”
Neck Bones paused his chewing, swallowed, and then abruptly punched the laughing villain in the neck, shattering his opponent’s cervical vertebrae. 
“Nope,” said Neck Bones coolly returning to his meal. “Whiplash was already taken.” 
My broken nose and shattered hand, twin slicers with heated knives, caused my perception to spasm. Vertigo. I attempted to stand, walk, fell, and then I blinked at faraway movement. 
A vision.
Did I now see Cressida observing from afar? Yes. And I shouted to her, “I’m sorry for being mean to you!” whether she heard me or not. “I’m sorry, Cress!” 
The expression on her face read horror at what had happened to me. She was crying. And then she was gone.
"Not so fast," warned Roy-Jon. 
Turning to my right, I witnessed him confronting the driver of the sedan.
“I knew your mullet-wearing, honkey tonk, cracker ass was up to something!” spat the driver, assuming a fighting stance. “So what you got for me, redneck?”
As I scanned the horizon for the vanished Cressida, a watchman in the bleachers called for the attention of the other spectators. Word spread like a lightening chain. Kids sprinted to the scene. Of the tournament of clashes on the basketball court, this became the showstopper. The arena of battle was now so suddenly populated with audience, I couldn’t find my missing Cressida in the raucous crowd. 
The driver, bouncing on his heels, circling his fists, taunted Roy-Jon: “Sing to me, Elvis!” 
Combatants on both sides paused. All on the court and in the stands stilled themselves in anticipation. We heard a crow caw. A dog barked.
Roy-Jon spit.
“Silver Fox style!” declared Roy-Jon, striking a mysterious stance.
“Kung Fu?” asked the driver, befuddled.
“Memaw’s EARLY MORNING WALKING CLUB!”
“What?”
The suited gangster caught blow after blow after blow — face, kidney, face — and then a swift, immobilizing strike wherein Roy-Jon jump-kicked his opponent in the chest, knocking him backwards to the ground. The backyard wrestler pounced atop the driver and drilled his thumbs straight into the villain’s eyes. The driver's entire body planked as he shrieked. Quickly came the pat-down. A gun emerged from the driver's waist, taken in hand by Roy-Jon. I assumed it was the one that Douglas had shown me earlier, the one that had gone off in the car. 
Roy-Jon hollered his war cry: "Woo! H'bout it'nah!" and then flexing his triceps, roared, "Guns don't kill people!" flexing his biceps, roared, "Guns kill people!" He punched the driver out cold.
Cue the vision that should have meant salvation: Free Love hoisted Vontavious in a vertical single-handed stranglehold as Efrem-Felix delivered a barrage of strikes and kicks, rolls and throws — Judo, Karate, electric Jiu-Jitsu! Jeet Kune Do! Had homemade smoke bombs been detonated? Swirled wisps of a green and purple haze. Fogged mists of exploding rainbows. The Boaz fighters had lit fireworks, their flame and their fury deafening, a wondrous accompaniment to the auditory hallucination of Free Love’s un-played mixtape booming its sonic majesty in my very concussed brain. I witnessed Sister Becky, the muscular Nordic warrior woman bash the top of Free Love's head, her brontosaurus hands the mace and the mallet of doom. Yet changed the tides of combat. The blue-eyed giantess was hit by a volley of Vienna Sausages which bounced off her hide ineffectively. Irritated, Sister Becky stomped across the basketball court, her thunder thighs arousing a squeak of panic from Potted Meat Patel.
“And now,” began Free Love, recovering from Sister Becky’s blow and turning to face Vontavious, who was slowly regaining his footing. “And now, sport shoes, you’re going to pay for saying that I was too dumb to know to cheat. To question my intelligence, the folly of many. To question my integrity — masochistic intent!”
“Oh, what are you going to do?” scoffed Vontavious. “Criticize my breakfast options?”
“Jank, jank! Yo booty stank!” laughed the combatants, regardless of affiliation or affliction. The spectators were laughing so hard, one of them ran down from the stands and up the middle of the basketball court as if it were a comedy club. A teen barely four feet tall, she started dancing, so amused by the signifying was she. Others raced down to join her merrymaking. Somebody started beat-boxing. An acappella group sang. Skateboarders ollied. A mosh pit slammed. I yowled in agony, my presence forgotten in this eldritch carnival of insanity. Cheerleaders performed a routine?
“You got me,” conceded Free Love to Vontavious, admitting jank defeat. “I did get stuck on that particular theme of insults, the breakfast food and whatnot.”
“Cereal jokes,” chided Vontavious. “Put-downs about butter portions and syrup viscosity. You shot past being funny and sailed straight through to abnormality. What’s next? Making fun of people for eating yogurt for breakfast?”
“Yogurt is a peculiar choice,” rebuked Free Love earnestly. “I hear tell of its probiotic benefits, but it’s not exactly a staple food in my dojo. Speaking of nutrition,” he continued, winding up his power arm in a wind-milling motion, “Care for a knuckle sandwich, Vontavious? It’s the true breakfast of champions.”
“Hm? What’s this now?”
Signifying like Rudy Ray Moore’s Dolemite: “Strap on your feed B-A-A-A-G!” boomed Free Love, “YOU WHEATIES EATIN’ SON OF A BITCH!”
Ka-plow-a-wow!
Now cue the vision that, in actuality, meant salvation: Dee Dee, of all people — Cherrelle's roommate Dee Dee, strip dancer Dee Dee, skating rink food order Dee Dee — that Dee Dee walked in from the periphery of the basketball court and entered the center of the arena as if no warring lions battled, bit, and brawled.
"Oh, dear," sighed Krissy Delacroix. "I think the battery just died."
In her delicate hands, she held my uncle’s video camera.
3
“Cunt punch!” boomed God Two, sending a Ladyjack flying across the basketball court with his fists. 
Even for the despicable Abner, this was a new low. 
Rocket Rodriguez had been steadily chopping her way through legions of Violators and Dixie Bastards and other random bounty hunters. She had come closest to penetrating the firewall of fighters protecting me, nearest to snatching the prize money from my broken hand. 
But when she saw the Ladyjack that Abner had devastated — saw one of her soldiers battered and crying — Marisol halted her ascent to the bounty and signaled to her teammates: “Ladyjack Formation: SISTERHOOD SWARM!” 
This is when I knew for certain that pain had wrought fever dream delirium, that my punished mind could no longer perceive the bounds of reality. To their captain’s call rallied an army of Ladyjacks running from both on and off the court, from areas all throughout Smith, it seemed, if not all of Alabama. 
The softball players swarmed God Two, amassing on the behemoth, a hurled hive of females punching and pummeling and piling atop the four-hundred-and-fifty-plus-pound monstrosity who had famously never been felled. 
Until now.
“Alas, Gog and Magog,” Abner growled bitterly, as he crashed down to earth. “I will reach Valhalla yet.” 
Efrem-Felix snapped Vontavious' microphone in half. 
We now stood in the center of the basketball court. Well, actually some of us were standing. Free Love had forced Vontavious to kneel. Next to Vontavious kneeled the driver of the sedan and his accomplice. Behind Vontavious stood, as sentries, Free Love and Roy-Jon, flanked by The Jump Out Boys. 
A knob from Free Love’s shattered boom box was lodged in Vontavious' forehead. Blood ringed it. His red crown showed as a trickle compared to mine. Meanwhile Douglas had not returned from wherever he had run off to, but Sister Becky, the muscle-bound white woman, Vontavious’ bodyguard, had been wrangled. She stood near the courtside table where Vontavious' broadcasting equipment was located, a JOB contingent encircling the captured Amazonian. She shot me a menacing look, grunted, flexed an oversized bicep, spat. On the table beside her was a knocked-over laundry basket full of confiscated cell phones. Was that a metal detector security wand? Had Vontavious charged for admission? People were dashing up to the table to retrieve their phones (or anybody’s phones) and the laundry basket was soon emptied. 
The bounty hunters had retreated, unable to break through Efrem-Felix’s chessboard defense. I would see Abner and Marisol again but not on this day. 
As predicted by the courtside commentator, the majority of the participants had scattered. Dee Dee's arrival with the video camera earned credit for this. Blindfold removed, I now recognized the emptying bleachers, the basketball court and its crummy facilities. This was our basketball court. We were in Boaz. I had been lashed to a basketball goal and beaten with sports equipment within a fifteen minute walk to my house. The byzantine journey of the sedan had been pure misdirection. How long had we ridden? Where had Douglas' gun fired? Misdirection explained why the rescue team had arrived not quite in the nick of time. 
"I made the call when I ran after Douglas," informed Roy-Jon, answering my question. "Hard luck finding a working pay phone around these parts. Shoot, finding a pay phone, period."
The Jump Out Boys now lined the court like an occupying force. With them stood those I recognized as followers of Efrem-Felix, a collective of some of everybody and them, the warriors from the realm of the predominately white trailer park, from the newly arrived immigrant apartments, from the predominately black housing projects and points beyond. Poor kids, all. 
Secondhand super dupers, I thought, eying the champions wearily. Hand-me-down heroes. My broken fingers, my broken nose, my broken body engulfed me in a world of hurt. Why had I been rescued? The aid of my cousins and friends, I could understand, but this was an army of poor kids of all colors, many of whom I did not know.
“Illustrated stories,” explained Efrem-Felix, answering my unasked question. “A personalized adventure drawn for each and every one of them. That’s your payment for services rendered, Benji. They all want to be the hero of their own story — even if it takes you a lifetime to do it. Even if we’re illustrated in that ludicrous, overblown style of yours. People need to know that good kids from places like this exist. And…that we thrive.”
“They will know,” I insisted, genuinely insisted though I was fading with each drawn breath. “They will know.”
Dee Dee focused the camera on my face. I recognized the device as Uncle Un's, the same one he had used to record the card games at Cherrelle’s. As evidenced by his father's camera, this impossible mission was an Efrem-Felix production. He had come through for me. And, considering the use of subterfuge and distraction (Free Love), undercover reconnaissance (Roy-Jon) and, most importantly, surveillance (Dee Dee, her role the craftiest because she was the least expected and, evidently, the most adept at making large objects disappear into small, tight, slippery places), my cousin, the chess strategist, had designed the battle plan well in advance of execution. And he had implemented it with a little humor? Old sourpuss? Old Grumpy Gramps? Play play wasn’t over. I recognized that there was more of this madness left to be explained, but I wasn't sure if I would be around to hear it.
"We gotta get Benji to the hospital," observed Roy-Jon, eyeing me with concern. "That, and I believe old boy up there in the bleachers was right about the cops showing up. Too many people running from the same direction. I'm holding the heat. Po-po roll up, I got the roscoe."
Roy-Jon patted the grip of the handgun protruding from his jeans. "Later for this post game review," he warned, scanning the surrounding streets. "Efrem-Felix, we gotta evac."
"Yes," hissed Vontavious. "Later for you, too, Judas. Two-face cracker Judas: the answer to the question, ‘Why do they make white garbage cans?’ Demonstration was not enough. Evidently. So now all of you must confront. Retribution? Retribution, like a gift, it comes —"
Efrem-Felix kicked Vontavious in the stomach. Already kneeling, this sent the sports star toppling over face-first onto the asphalt surface of the court, shrieking. Free Love immediately yanked him back up, hooking him by the back of his shirt collar. 
The driver made a move to stand. Sister Becky began to stomp our way. I passed more blood. Efrem-Felix, meanwhile, calmly retrieved his father's video camera from Dee Dee. The sight of the newly hoisted recording device paused all efforts, except mine. I sat down on the court, my knees having buckled from another swoon. Dee Dee came to my aid. She then untied the cash from my broken hand. I flew into a coughing fit. Balloons of mingled blood and snot bloomed from my nostrils. Was my nose really broken? My fingers undoubtedly were broken. 
"The game tape," announced Efrem-Felix, playing back video footage for Vontavious. Vontavious reacted to it as though it were holy water being thrown at the possessed. The driver of the sedan, meanwhile, leaned over in his kneel, viewed the footage for a few seconds and then immediately let fly a string of obscenities, peppered with "I told you, Vontavious! I told you to get on away from here!" His accomplice sighed. Sister Becky stormed off the court, angrily, after shoving Potted Meat Patel into the bleachers. She gave us all a supremely unsettling "Next time" glare upon exiting the scene. Meanwhile parts of me grew numb.
"Assault and battery," said Efrem-Felix, playing the video footage of Vontavious and his goons torturing me. "Not to mention overall psychotic behavior, obviously drug induced. This is going to make some sports reporter’s career. Of course, odds are those junkies that you paid to confiscate the cell phones didn’t collect every single camera. But this camera here ain’t bootleg quality. We got you in HD, bully boy. Talk about a game changer.” 
He swung the camera straight into Vontavious' face, crashing it into the villain’s chin. Vontavious screamed and fell backwards. Pill bottles popped from his pants. I swallowed a lump of bloody mucus and immediately coughed it back up.
“I got those from the hospital!” claimed Vontavious. “Made me relapse! Freak-o and his car rolling over me made me relapse! Give them back! Do I look. Like? I’m motivated to quit now?”
"Might is the mother of all motivation," declared Efrem-Felix, donning brass knuckles. "I don’t know if I truly believe that, but your face won’t know the difference." 
He pulled his arm back to deliver a metal reinforced punch to Vontavious. Free Love quickly intervened by grabbing Efrem-Felix by the shoulder. 
“Don’t be the monster,” cautioned Free Love, shaking his head. “Be the man. This village has been returned to the people, chief. Take solace. Triumph is ours.” 
Roy-Jon picked up one of the pill bottles. He also recovered the coin Vontavious had tossed to determine which of my hands to break.
“To call these performance enhancing drugs would be an understatement," Roy-Jon confirmed, pocketing the coin but not the bottle. "Schedule Two. This bottle, at least. These other pills I'm not so sure about, but hard candy, friends, does not convince as a candidate. Fellas, we really need to skedaddle."
Exit the warriors.
Efrem-Felix crowed: “Ca-caw! Ca-caw!”
And so exit we did.
Chapter Twenty-One: For The Good Kids from Places Like This
1
I awoke in a hospital bed.
Blasted, broken, and sewn, I had hoped that the painkillers new to my system would clarify that the past few days of my life — starting with crashing my mother’s car into the liquor store, ending with a rotund deity being tackled by softball valkyries in cleats — had all been just a dream. A fantasy. A comic book. Animation. Illustration. Had it not? 
"Well, ain't this a bitch," grumbled Douglas, lying in the hospital bed next to mine. "All the years I had to listen to your un-funny ass and I missed your beat-down comeuppance."
"Douglas?"
"I hope that’s your drawing hand in that cast," he sneered, adjusting his hoisted leg. "But knowing how the cosmos works whenever I apply for a little sunshine, it probably ain’t.”
Closing my eyes very slowly, I blamed head trauma for this fabrication. This couldn’t be happening, could it? Not to me, right? Not to any kid. No one could endure such suffering and live to tell the tale. In the real world, I must have been killed on the beach, shot by Vontavious’ goons immediately after that mako shark leaped. This was the afterlife. This was infinity. I was the Star Child. The secrets of the universe revealed themselves to me through the magic mushrooms Cressida must have fed me at the pond. 
Cressida. My thoughts turned to the girl. To the woman. Would I ever see her again? Would she ever see me again? Could this fantasy have a sequel?
“Well, at least I got the remote control to the television,” bragged Douglas, fluffing his pillows. “We’re gonna watch what Douglas wants to watch. I'm the boss of this here. This hospital room is Douglas' domain. To hell with Vee. Dee is for Douglas!"
“Oh, no.”
"…aaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwWWWWW, YEAH! Dee is for Douglas! Dee is for Dentyne! Double dip scoop at your neighborhood Douglas Queen! Dee is for Dunk! Sir Douglas D’Voidoffunk! A Douglas World? Yo, DOROTHY FROM GOLDEN GIRLS!”
He paused, stared at me, awaited assessment, got none, continued rapping:
“Douglas da Ruler? I’m Dat Dastardly Doula!”
Cherrelle entered the hospital room. My sister informed me that the very second that the doctor declared me well enough to travel, we were on the highway, her car already packed with my belongings, headed straight to the college where I was due. I wanted to see my mother in order to apologize, but Cherrelle talked me out of it. “I think you know what to do with that check,” she said. I nodded in agreement.
“Yo, Benji!” cackled Douglas, switching the television to a cartoon as he chomped his mother’s cookies. “Want a coconut no-bake?”
“I guess.”
Douglas leaned over from his hospital bed, cookie in hand as if to share it. Just when I was about to grab the treat, he yelled…
…oh, you know what he yelled! 
“Psych!”
Back went the cookie.
I told you play play wasn’t over.

Stories
The Last Days of Play Play (2022 Story Version)
1. The Crew of Bullies
The crew of bullies sat perched on the outdoor benches of the barbecue shack. They were making faces at me while pretending to pour from their hoisted thumbs what I assumed was meant to be alcohol, mocking my mother, who was still, inexplicably, inside the liquor store in front of which my three uncles and I waited in her car. I sat behind the steering wheel. I was the designated driver.
The leader of this bully crew, Vontavious, with whom I had graduated from high school two months ago, the leader of this bully crew, Vontavious, shot me the bird as I sat trapped in our decrepit vehicle. It was 2:30 p.m. on this hot August Friday, far too hot to be sitting in a hooptie with my three intoxicated uncles, far too hot to be immobilized and unsure of how to respond to being mocked, though I’d years of experience. I felt like the loser that Vontavious had called me when I had quit the football team. I would have felt this way even if my former quarterback were not here to observe my loser status in action. I was embarrassed by my family, our appearance, their drinking, our rusty, old, outdated car. I had always been ashamed of our low-income lifestyle, even if I shared it with the rest of The Bottoms. 
“And some coleslaw,” ordered Uncle Pete, tossing a booze-moist bill up to the front. “Be sure to buy enough for the fish fry tonight, Benji.”
“This isn’t enough money.”
“Sho ain’t,” laughed Uncle Pete. “You got that gap covered, ain’t you though, nephew? Yeah, you do.” He lit a cigar.
Uncle Pete was the youngest of the three brothers. My mother was the youngest of the four siblings. I had never met my father, had no idea where he lived, had only heard about him from my mother through half-hearted threats to ship me off to him when I misbehaved when I was younger. Was he alive? I rarely thought about his existence but whenever I did contemplate my father’s existence, I wondered if he behaved like my uncles. I wondered if he, too, smoked menthol cigarettes and Black and Mild cigars like my uncles. I wondered if my absentee father dressed like my Uncle Tiny and my Uncle Un, two big men who shopped in the big men’s section of the discount store, wore king-size black velour tracksuits and jewelry. Or did my absentee father dress like my Uncle Pete, a short, skinny man who wore loud tropical pastel peach to match our loud, coastal Alabama environment. 
We lived near the beach, but of the four of us in the car — Uncle Un and I up front, Uncle Pete and Uncle Tiny in the back — only Uncle Pete and I dressed like beachcombers, and only I took it even further by wearing my ever-present, paint-speckled, fisherman’s floppy bucket hat. 
I liked Uncle Pete because Uncle Pete liked to laugh. Laughing himself into a coughing fit, my favorite uncle tossed me a penny. I looked through the driver-side window toward the barbecue shack, watched Vontavious and his crew laughing at us. Vontavious liked to laugh, too.
“You’re wrong for that, Petey,” chuckled Uncle Tiny, handing me a roll of bills from the back seat. “Don’t insult our designated driver.”  
The two men in the rear drank gin from red plastic Solo cups. Uncle Pete drank his gin mixed with pineapple juice. Uncle Tiny, on the right side of the back seat, was a gin man, as well, but he drank his gin mixed with lemon-lime soda. They would pair up in the back to make it easier to pass the bottle. With me as the exception, no one in that car could legally drive. My mother had also had her license suspended for driving under the influence. 
“Petey threw that boy a penny,” Uncle Tiny chuckled. “Seeing as how you’re about to go off to college next week, Benji, you ought to keep it, green penny or no. Burnt ends, nephew. Baked beans. Onion rangs. Grape drank.”
“Uncle Tiny,” I protested, eyeing the bullies. “I am not going over there. Vontavious and his crew have been hounding me and my friends ever since I quit the football team. Ever since and before that. We hate each other. A week from now, I’ll be out of here and away from this nonsense for good. Look, we can get the food from somewhere else. I am not leaving this car.”
“Oh, yes, you is, college boy,” announced Uncle Un, the eldest, the largest, and the uncle I liked the least. A fat man, he leaned across my chest and opened the driver-side door and then he said, “I don’t care if those boys are the roughest roughnecks in The Bottoms. High school is over with, Benji. Be grown. You’re going over there.” 
“I am not going over there,” I insisted. 
“Yes, you is,” asserted Uncle Un.
“No, I am not.”
“Yes, you is.”
“No, I am not.”
“You is.”
“I not,” I declared and then paused. “I not? Wait, what just happened?”
“You ain’t is gone is what ain’t is happened,” clarified Uncle Un. “Now ain’t it is, is it ain’t is not?”
I groaned. A confrontation would surely be the outcome if I walked over there. That crew had a tendency to pounce. That crew was ten deep. My crew, the street collective known as The Jump Out Boys, was seven deep, not counting the prospects, but they were on patrol in another sector. 
At this time in the afternoon, JOB posted around schools in The Bottoms, acting as escorts for kids who had to walk through shady neighborhoods on their way to and from summer session. If not for my duty to escort my mother and my uncles to the liquor store, to chauffer them as a sober driver, I would’ve been out on patrol with my fellow Jumps.
I needed my crew.
“So I’m not going over there,” I protested once again, looking straight ahead through the windshield. “I think I see Juicy at the cash register. She’ll be right out.”
Uncle Un grunted his disapproval. It was not, I knew, because I had called my mother by her nickname, Juicy. No one would have cared about that even if I’d called my mother by her real name, Jalisa. I had grown up as one of those kids who called their mother the same thing as the grown folks called her. That said a lot about our relationship. It said a lot about me. 
“I ain’t gonna tell you again,” grumbled Uncle Un, with more bass in his voice. “When somebody tells you to do something, you do it, nephew. I thought you were a tough guy. Running up and down these streets playing karate with your little zoo crew. You ain’t too karate for an ass whooping.”
Uncle Un had never hit me. I got the feeling he was lamenting the fact now that I only had days before I departed for college. He was very vocal about Juicy having never used corporal punishment to discipline me and my sister but especially me because I was the one who back-talked. I didn’t know why our mother never hit us. Hitting was an expected parenting technique in The Bottoms. That Juicy rarely did what was expected of Juicy, I admired about Juicy. It sometimes made me feel guilty about her letting us call her by her nickname, about us preferring to call her anything but “mother.” She had her flaws. She had her graces.
That being said, I wished she had her liquor because I really wanted out of this scene.
“What in the hell?” shouted Uncle Pete from the back. 
I braced myself for a hard slap on the nape. Instead, Uncle Pete hissed, “Some fool over there shooting me the bird. Giving me the finger. You believe this nonsense? Look at what your generation has to offer, Benji. A fist full of disrespect!”
We all turned our heads leftward toward the barbecue shack. Indeed, there sat Vontavious, my nemesis, now holding up both of his middle fingers in the direction of our car. His right middle finger then morphed into the mouth of a bottle from which he sipped. I knew the pantomime was aimed at me. My mother was an alcohol addict and had famously showed out at several school functions, her drunken aggression witnessed by Vontavious and my other peers. 
But Uncle Pete did not process Vontavious’ rude gesture as it was intended. 
“You picked the wrong day, young blood,” hissed Uncle Pete between sips of his gin. “Gonna disrespect the flat-top generation? Not on my watch.” 
Quicker than soberly possible, Uncle Pete opened the back seat car door and was suddenly standing in the parking lot, red plastic Solo cup in one hand, Black and Mild cigar in the other. 
“Petey, get your drunk ass back in the car,” laughed Uncle Tiny, chuckling at the spectacle of his inebriated brother rotating his fists like an old-timey boxer. “You don’t know them peoples.”
“Petey get your drunk ass back in the car, hell,” scoffed Uncle Pete, stepping toward the barbecue shack. “I know that’s a disrespectful youngster about to get two disrespectful youngster fingers snapped off, that’s what I know, I do know that. P-Funk! The bomb!”
In the parking lot of the liquor store, beneath the sun rays of a Friday afternoon, my Uncle Pete started dancing, a cup full of Beefeater and a lit Black and Mild cigar hoisted high above his head. 
Vontavious, as evaluated by all the stakeholders who evaluated such stakes, had already been declared the next rising star in college football. The next rising star in college football, my former quarterback, when he wasn’t flipping me off, was known to hold up “Vee for Victory” fingers as his signature gesture. He held them up now. 
My Uncle Pete, as evaluated by all the breathalyzers that evaluated alcohol intake, had already drunk enough alcohol to ascertain that Vontavious’ “Vee for Victory” fingers wanted oral sex and thus required a licking tongue betwixt. Lick! Lick! Lick!
The benches cleared.
2. Waiting for My Mother
Sitting in the car, outside the liquor store, waiting for my mother, I braced myself to witness, if not participate in, yet another Bottoms brawl. I was part of a neighborhood security detail of young black men who fought with melee weapons and projectiles. But not guns. Play play fighting, my cousin Efrem Felix called it, dismissively. He was our new leader. I had abdicated the role. Of our various disagreements over the direction of JOB, the gun debate was partially why I had been increasingly absent from missions, why I had accepted a lower rank. I refused to carry a firearm. That couldn’t be said of Vontavious’ crew nor could it be said of my relatives. 
Uncle Pete, now dancing The Running Man, looked to be too drunk to stand, let alone dance, let alone dance The Running Man as a taunt for his rapidly approaching attackers. Since I had quit the football team, Vontavious had maintained superstar status, both on and off the field. He was not from The Bottoms. He was a rich black person from the rich black people sector, a subdivision called Liberty Village that sat distanced from both the inner-city blight of The Bottoms and the walled-off white suburbs known as Hyde Park. The incongruity of the number-one-college-draft-pick’s expensive sports car parked in front of the best barbecue shack in one of the worst sectors of our city summarized the economic disparity that I hated about our city and reason number seventy-seven as to why I was ready to leave it. 
They say there is a Bottoms in every city. Our Bottoms wasn’t the absolute worst sector of town. The absolute worst sector was Rochester Apartments, which bordered the impoverished Bottoms neighborhood where we lived. Rochester was a low-rise apartment complex hell hole plagued by constant drug dealing, constant shootings, and constant assaults. It was The Bottoms of The Bottoms. It was the sector where my Jump Outs were patrolling now to keep the school kids safe. 
We were in a city called Smidd, Alabama. It was a football town, and I had, rather extravagantly, stopped playing football during my senior year because I had decided I was tired of getting booed while taking a knee during The Old National Anthem. Vontavious, my quarterback, hated me for that. For taking a knee, for quitting the team, for being from The Bottoms.
And yet here he was, descended from his black suburbs, black Adonis slumming for our famous Bottoms barbecue. The last time that I had been this close to my former quarterback, he had been jogging around the football field, waving a giant American flag after winning a game. That was the last football game that I had ever played.
Running now from the barbecue shack came Vontavious. He vaulted over a trash bin, jetted across the parking lot, puma-kick sprinted toward our car. 
“Aw, hell naw!” exclaimed Uncle Tiny. “I didn’t think a meat locker could run that fast! Petey done done it now! Un?”
“Yeah-zer,” Uncle Un drawled coolly, shifting in the seat up front next to me. Uncle Un was halfway in and halfway out of the open passenger's side door. He was about to get involved. I knew what the “yeah-zer” meant and what the shifting was for. And, more alarmingly, I knew why Uncle Un was so calm. He was deciding whether or not to take a very specific course of action as he, like his son, Efrem Felix, favored firearms. I knew this. 
Uncle Pete, meanwhile, knew The Cabbage Patch, and he knew it well, dancing it right up until and after Vontavious suddenly slid in before my uncle's Cabbage Patch-dancing form.
“Keep playing the fool!” Vontavious roared, arms flexing, chest jutting, his height nearly a basketball goal taller than Uncle Pete’s. Flanking the eighteen-year-old athletic scholarship recipient was his usual pack of flunkies, nine stump stupid psychopaths that I knew all too well from school. These sharks, these hyenas — his boys, his pack — his collective of thugs known as The Violators swarmed in formation, all surrounding, all encircling, all primed to pounce when boss said pounce.
I needed my Jump Outs!
In addition to this superstar athlete and his entourage, a girl stood off to the side, away from the pack but obviously with them. Where had she come from? She must have been inside the barbecue joint. Had I ever seen her before? She looked familiar? The girl was strikingly beautiful. She looked closer to hippie than to Hip Hop, wearing a sundress, sandals, shells, and voluminous natural hair. What was a black hippie doing in The Bottoms and seemingly in cahoots with the kind of bully who stomped on any and all things unique? What the heck was going on? What fresh chaos was this?
I needed my Jump Outs!
“Ca-caw! Ca-caw!” I cried, poking my head out of the driver-side window of the car. The crowing was a signal to summon JOB. I knew Efrem Felix and them were too far away to hear it, but there may have been a prospect detachment patrolling this sector.
“Ca-caw! Ca-caw!”
“Boy, what in the hell?” laughed Uncle Tiny, highly entertained by the widening circus. “Benji, is you been huffing that spray paint again?”
“Ca-caw! Ca-caw!”
3. Inciting Incident
“Superstar, huh?” mocked Uncle Pete, escalating the standoff with Vontavious. “You’d best go on about your business, sport shoes. Unlessin’ you’re in the market for an attitude adjustment. If that’s your aspiration in the nation then — beep, beep, vehicle in bay four — I’ll tune you right up!”
For Uncle Pete, it was showtime in the parking lot. There was no way under the blazing sun that he could defeat that crew of musclebound thugs, but he could make them look like fools for taking him seriously. While this took place, I was weighing whether or not to step out of the car and enter the fray. Not because I was a great fighter. My role with The Jump Out Boys was that of a figurehead. Removed as their leader for months now, I had grown soft from missing too many missions, weak from skipping too many training sessions. I had backslid to eating sugar. I had gone pear-shaped from smoking laced marijuana. My considering jumping out of the car to defend Uncle Pete was predicated on preventing Uncle Un from using his pistol. Or Uncle Tiny using his pistol. Or Uncle Pete using his pistol.   
“Don’t you judge how I get down,” sneered Uncle Pete, bouncing on his heels as he punched the air, his red plastic Solo cup still in hand, his cigar he flicked at Vontavious. "I’m in your head space, punk. I am your dream warrior, sport shoes. How do you like these apples?" 
Uncle Pete cupped his testicles. 
"Do you find them to be tart? Are they too full of the vitamins A and C? Don't you want to eat the skins? That's how you get the vitamins, young one. By eating the skins. Of my balls.”
Vontavious laughed.
“It’s chow time, son!” declared Uncle Pete. “You mesh-wearing, constant interception-throwing, unsportsmanlike, end-zone-celebrating, flag-waving Uncle Tom!"
Vontavious punched Uncle Pete in the mouth.
Uncle Pete responded to being punched in the mouth by swaying backwards, a model of ragdoll physics. He swayed backwards as if Vontavious had punched a mannequin anchored into the ground by a giant iron spring. He almost dropped his red plastic Solo cup but steadied himself before it spilled.
“Da-yum!” exclaimed Uncle Tiny, laughing. “Told your dumb ass! Benji, do that bird call again! This is better than Netflix!”
Undoubtedly, the hit had hurt, but I think the alcohol had more to do with Uncle Pete’s high pain threshold than anything else. After righting himself, he resumed dancing The Cabbage Patch directly in front of Vontavious. The quarterback fumed at Uncle Pete’s shenanigans. I figured this show would be over after the next punch, unless Uncle Un or I got involved, so I took the opportunity to get another look at the mysterious female who was with Vontavious’ crew. She remained off to the side of the conflict but was staring back at me for some reason. I still had my head poked out of the driver-side window of the car. I tipped my fisherman’s floppy hat at the girl. The girl acknowledged my gesture with a peace sign. Holy shit, was she beautiful. I fell in love.
Meanwhile, Vontavious slapped Uncle Pete’s red plastic Solo cup out of his hand. I watched the cup soar high into the air, arc above a stray dog, and then plummet near a bin. He missed. A man exiting the liquor store saw the cup on the ground and asked Vontavious, “Not going to pick up your trash?” Receiving no reply, the man picked up the cup himself and placed it in the bin. That scene I stored for later depiction. I was a writer. I also did art. I had a scholarship to attend the same university as Vontavious would be attending next week. That my sketchbook, which I had placed between the cupholder and the parking-brake lever of this vehicle, that my sketchbook was not open right now was a shame. Urban fantasy was my concentration, yet I could not imagine drawing a scene more fantastical than this.  
“Look-a-here, sweat pants!” warned Uncle Pete, unfazed. “I’m gonna school you about the meaning of disrespect, partner, oh, you’re gonna learn that today! Don’t worry, youngster, you’re gonna learn that to-DAY! I wipe until the paper is white!”
Uncle Pete squatted over the pavement and spread his knees. He reached back and placed his right palm on the car's left rear tire for balance.
“I’m from the old school!” boasted Uncle Pete, now staring up at Vontavious, locking eyes with Vontavious as the older man pretended to take a shit on the ground. “I’m dumping out in your throne room, king!” explained Uncle Pete. “This is how much of a fuck-all I give about your sports superstardom! See the bulk formation of my shits? Bottoms diet, son!”
All laughed, even Vontavious. 
Perhaps came now a de-escalation?
Uncle Pete pushed his luck.
He groaned straining-to-shit groans. 
Stooped in the parking lot, surrounding by a ring of laughing teenagers, my drunk Uncle Pete continued his schooling of us young ones, testifying that, “Real men didn’t have the energy drinks back in the day, your highness, we had — unnnngh — we had the garden hose water! Hot garden hose water! See, us poor folk didn’t have the vitamin injections, your majesty, we ate the — unnnngh — we ate the passerby fruit to get our nutrients! Plums! Scuppernongs! Roadside ditch melons! Dented can discount! Punk, we ate the bruised fruit! In fact, we still eat the bruised fruit down here in The Bottoms, you —”
Uncle Pete, fake shitting, abruptly paused his monologue.
Audience, expectant, subsequently fell silent.
“Turtle head!” laughed Uncle Tiny. 
“Turtle head,” confirmed Uncle Pete, seemingly straining to retract a real turd back up into his asshole. "Bout to really shit myself out here. Predicament. Time out.”
Vontavious punched Uncle Pete in the forehead.
"Time out!" yelled Uncle Pete. “Time out, mister quarterback! Time out!”
Vontavious, laughing, bashed Uncle Pete on the top of his head, hammering down angrily as if he were striking a misaligned nail. He clasped both of his hands together and hammered down again. And then again. And then again. 
“Un!” yelled Uncle Tiny.
“Gun!” yelled someone who saw it.
“Ca-caw! Ca-caw!” I screeched.
“But get out of my asshole!” screamed Uncle Pete beneath a torrent of blows and kicks from Vontavious and his crew. “One would think my relatives would be invested in my predicament right about now!”
Uncle Un drew his pistol. 
I turned the keys of the car.
What punishment did his transgressions, current and past, what punishment did the villain Vontavious’ transgressions warrant?
I threw the car into reverse.
I stomped the gas pedal.
I aimed my steer.
4. Mother
Grown folks didn’t like me. Grown folks liked to hear about black boys playing sports and talking sports and planning on going into the military. I didn’t do any of that. I didn’t begrudge the boys who did play and talk sports and plan on going into the military. I used to be one of them. My friends, though they had been prevented from playing football for school thanks to Vontavious, still played and talked sports and planned on going into the military. 
I also didn’t begrudge the grown folks for their dislike of me, the sarcastic, cynical artist who spent days alone in our backyard storage shed that I had converted into my art studio, the me who wrote poetry and fiction and drew and drew in my ever-present sketchpad, my pencils and my notebooks as much a part of me as talk of play-offs and statistics for the majority of Smidd males, regardless of race or class. Such was the case when I walked into the gathering of grown folks in the living room that Friday night at our house. An emergency meeting of JOB had been called, a war council, if you will, but my crew had yet to arrive. Meanwhile, my mother was throwing a party. She always threw a party. 
Juicy and her guests were watching Vontavious highlight footage on the television as if the reports that I had driven over his throwing arm were tantamount to my having had killed him. I chuckled to myself, the opportunity to be funny so tantalizing. This was too easy. It got easier the more I stood there being ignored, which is what the grown folks tried to do to the young folks they didn’t understand, or in my case, the ones they didn’t understand and actively disliked. 
I located the remote control and changed the channel to a cooking show. In return, a bone was thrown at me, a rib bone one of the guests had been gnawing. Yes, even after all that commotion in the parking lot, we still got our barbecue. 
“I didn’t kill him,” I explained. “So relax. Arms heal.”
“Do they?” hissed my mother, eying me with contempt. “What about lawsuits?” 
Juicy, rum-drunk, suddenly shot up and snatched the remote control out of my hand. She switched the channel back to Vontavious’ game footage. She then decided her grievance needed venting and shouted, “Oddball! You drove over his throwing arm! You fucked with that boy’s future! And for what? Can’t take a little teasing?”
“Careful there, Jalisa,” warned Uncle Tiny, sitting Buddha in his recliner. “Be done said something you can’t un-say. That’s your son you’re talking to.”
“My son? That ain’t no son! Look at him! I don’t know what that is! Oh, he all sensitive and shit like he’s a fucking half-a-fag! Go hide in your shed and keep building that bomb, girlfriend!”
“Jalisa,” called Uncle Tiny.
“I ain’t lying,” taunted my mother, laughing. “Look at him! Acting all sensitive like you still in second grade! ‘Stop it, stop it…’ Fake-ass purse-wearing niggas always got to fuck up shit for real niggas! Be out there swishing with water guns like ya’ll’s a play play gang! I don’t know how I raised somebody like you!”
“Oh, that’s easy,” I quipped. “You didn’t. And, um. This is a saddle bag. Juice.”
I got hit with the beans.
5. Ideation
Why so flip?
Why so callous?
I hated Vontavious. He hated me. He had been my primary bully since elementary school, since I had tested into the Gifted and Talented Program and had spent the majority of my classes with white kids. This had made me a target, a “sellout” as I had been called, an Oreo. There may have been some merit to it. It took me a while to learn how to code switch between discussing Kurt Vonnegut with my Gifted classmates and debating the finer points of “nigga knocking” with my relatives. I had undergone an identity crisis during middle school wherein getting teased by black kids because I “talked white” had resulting in me threatening to blow up the school with a homemade bomb. As if a kid from The Bottoms could afford the components to build a bomb with impact enough to down a whole school. Trust me. I did the research. 
I wasn’t the only black Gifted student but I was the poorest. I had been the target of mockery because of my dirty school clothes, my nappy hair, my free breakfast and free lunch eating, my low Bottoms birthplace. Bullies swarmed the different and it was hard luck finding a kid more different than me. If not for my cousins Free Love and Efrem Felix, I wouldn’t have made it. In eighth grade, Free Love had talked me down from killing myself, had taken my mother’s gun from my trembling hands, had eased the barrel of my mother’s gun from between my clenched teeth. So when I say I hated Vontavious, I mean I fucking hated Vontavious because he had been my main tormentor all the way back from first grade recess up through high school graduation. Typically, Liberty Village kids like Vontavious attended Liberty Village schools out there in the black suburbs, but Vontavious had been installed down here in the shitty part of town due to our producing stellar athletes in The Bottoms. When I used to play football, I had not been stellar. Vontavious had made fun of me for that, too.
Now as for the lack of love between my mother and I, that too is an open wound. I don’t think she ever really liked having kids. I don’t think she ever really liked me. I didn’t know who or what the fuck I was, and my mother didn’t seem to want to know. Her relationship with my older sister, Cherrelle, was likewise strained. Juicy had worked in chicken processing plants, textile mills, warehouses and other intensive manual labor jobs all of her life. She drank. She partied. She was known to smoke a blunt. She had been abandoned by my birth father, as had I. No child support. No presence. 
Cherrelle’s birth father still had contact with Cherrelle, unlike my birth father with me. Cherrelle was a nurse. She had heart. She was an activist. A healer. A helper. She organized protests. She was a very devout Christian, unlike Juicy and I, and my big sister still came by our house on Sunday mornings to clean the house and cook breakfast for us before she went to church. 
I mean, our family had a history of good times off and on throughout the years, but at this particular point in our lives, I was a mean-spirited ingrate who had earned an arts scholarship out of The Bottoms, and I couldn’t wait to punch my ticket. I had punched the gas pedal out of impulse, not with intent to hurt anybody, a stupid move, I know. I had thought I could disrupt the violence between Uncle Pete and Vontavious before the guns got pulled. I hated Vontavious, but I had not wanted to injure him. However, I presented myself as a stone-cold jerk who could care less about my actions. No sympathy. No empathy. This was how you had to carry yourself where I come from, especially if you were a softie inside, like me. 
I just wanted to write. I just wanted to draw. I just wanted to create. I had not wanted to play football, not really, I had not wanted to form JOB with my cousins, not really, and I had not wanted to present myself as a stone-cold jerk. 
I just wanted out.
Watching Vontavious now as he celebrated a victory on the television screen, watching him throw up his “Vee for Victory” fingers and jog the flag around the football field, the grown folks in my mother’s living room were watching a phenom on the brink of becoming a legend. Maybe. Vontavious’ black card had been questioned too as of late, ever since he had taken an anti-protest stance by jogging the American flag around the football field while I and Efrem Felix and our cousin Free Love and the rest of The Jump Out Boys kneeled in solidarity with those protesting police brutality against us blacks. To be honest, I just wanted out of the politics, as well. So cynical, so tired, I personally didn’t think anything would ever change for the better. I had no hope.
My friends, to the contrary, kept hope alive. The Jump Out Boys had been formed as a security escort for school kids. Efrem Felix, who staunchly believed in change, wanted to expand our role in The Bottoms by having us take martial arts classes, learn self-defense, obtain firearms training — all this expensive bullshit that sounded like he was the one who should’ve been writing urban fantasy. He envisioned JOB as The Black Panthers. I had just wanted to escort kids to and from school because I didn’t like bullies and nobody liked the drug pushers, prostitutes, johns, drunks, drug addicts, and child molesters, the chicken hawks, as the child molesters were known, dragging kids into vacant buildings and using them with impunity, dumping them into trash bins afterwards with the other black bodies being found discarded. Murdered. Overdosed. Exposed to the elements. Bins full of black bodies. Death. Death. Death.
The police had abandoned The Bottoms after the protests. Efrem Felix believed JOB could take their place. The seven other Jump Out Boys — Free Love For Those Who Can’t Afford It, Neck Bones By Nature, Roy-Jon Da Really Deally, Christ Said That Through Kwan, Tube Socks Best Be Tenacious, Potted Meat Patel Stop Laughing Ya’ll That’s Going To Be My Wrestling Name Though For Real Ya’ll and Efrem “Grandmomma’s Feen-a-Mint” Felix — JOB had all enrolled in the local city college with the intent to study law enforcement.
Bullshit.
Play play was over.
I just wanted out!
Even if I had to drive over Vontavious to get there. 
Now if only his crew would’ve seen things my way, this story would end right here.
6. The Joker
JOB was outside. I could hear Efrem Felix already engaged in a debate with Free Love, arguing whether or not to call in reinforcements from other crews. They kept yelling my name at each other. 
Meanwhile, I stood in the kitchen, looking out at my team through the window as they encircled the rusty, inactive AMC Pacer in our backyard. A funky tableau, I observed, what with the party guests dancing and the Tiki torches burning and the party lights illuminating the nighttime buffet. Music played. Parliament Funkadelic. It made me think about that black hippie chick I had seen earlier with Vontavious and them. Thank God I hadn’t hit her with the car. 
Uncle Pete entered the kitchen. I knew something was off the second that I saw him. He looked like he had lost his buzz. When he stepped closer, I saw that his cup of gin had been replaced by a clear glass of water. I noted the lack of the alcohol, the fumes missing that usually surrounded him. Since I took my comedic cue from Uncle Pete, it felt anomalous to witness this somber vibe. He seemed changed by the day’s earlier confrontation at the liquor store, still rattled, perhaps, and upset in a way that I could not bring myself to be.
“What’s up, Uncle Pete?” I asked. “Why so serious?”
“This is some serious business,” muttered Uncle Pete, staring into the living room at Vontavious on the television. “Anybody heard anything from the hospital yet? Has Cherrelle called? Are they sure it was his throwing arm? Vontavious was the only one that got hurt, wasn’t he?”
“The only one that matters,” grunted Juicy. “You were out there instigating, too, brother Pete. Out there dancing around, cooning. I seen you. I seen you. This is on you, too, Petey.”
Uncle Pete opened his mouth but before he could speak, my mother snapped: “Don’t act like you don’t know who did or didn’t get hurt, motherfucker! Drunk-ass nigga! Out there dancing around!”
The more she talked, the angrier she became.
Roared Juicy from the living room: “Vontavious didn’t have no business being down here in The Bottoms with you tired, shiftless, trifling’ ass, so-and-so, nobody no nothin’ niggas when he should’ve been up at school, training! That boy is a champion! He’s supposed to be starting school next week!”
“Hey, I’m starting school next —”
“Is his arm really broke?” she continued, talking over me. “Lord Jesus, did this swishing freak break his arm? And where is Un?”
I walked back into the living room.
“Hel-lo,” I said, perturbed. “This person who drove over Vontavious’ arm is standing right here. Lord Jesus isn’t. You people can see me, right?”
Uncle Pete found his voice before I could drill farther down the hole of sacrilege and disrespect. He said, “They’re holding Un down at the police station. Warrants. I don’t know why they let Benji go.”
“Because unlike you,” laughed Uncle Tiny, “law man done stopped giving a proper shit. Oh naw, you ain’t about to see po-po no mo. Not down here you ain’t. Not where folks been protesting. I guess Cherelle and them got what they wanted because them boys done abandoned The Bottoms. It’s a wonder they even came out yonder this afternoon. It’s a wonder.”
“Because it was an accident,” I insisted. “I don’t even know why they took him to the hospital. He looked fine when —”
“Go fetch me some aspirin!” snapped Uncle Pete, shoving his glass of water at me. I was so stunned by his curt, commanding tone that I just stood there, motionless, the overflow splashing onto my shirt. I was about to say something to diffuse the tension, attempt a joke, when he hissed, “Don’t make me tell you again, nephew,” and I felt, rightly or wrongly, that absolutely nobody in that house cared about my future. Football is king. Athletes are the gods. Vontavious wasn’t just a phenom. He was a hero. A champion. A god. And as long as Vontavious’ future was in jeopardy, my present had about as much worth as my past.
Loser.
Nerd.
Blerd.
Worthless, I left the house as invisible as I had entered it.
7. Rumors of War
Uncle Pete’s rejection of me had made me upset. My mother’s rejection of me, an off-and-on lifelong occurrence, had made me angry. There partied a multitude at the fish fry that Friday night and most of the guests gave me the evil eye for my having injured their hometown sports hero, Vontavious. In this state, I walked out of our house and into the backyard to meet with my crew. I was immediately told to “Stop,” by Efrem Felix. My cousin was upset and angry, too. He held a butcher’s knife. He was gutting fish for the party.
The Jump Out Boys, self-appointed guardians of The Bottoms, The Jump Out Boys stood assembled around a bin. Five others flanked Efrem Felix: in abbreviation, Potted Meat Patel, Christ Said That Through Kwan, Tube Socks, Neck Bones, and even my other cousin, Free Love, who was usually jolly and most forgiving of my transgressions, even my other cousin, Free Love stood huddled in the backyard looking grim.
As I stepped off the porch toward my friends, they turned to look at me as if I were a villain. I stopped stepping.
“No Roy-Jon,” I observed. “What is that? A thousand push-ups for missing a meeting? Tattoo burned off?”
“We’re not ready for you yet,” spat Efrem Felix, chucking fish guts into the bin. “Tomorrow. Tonight you’re protected. Tonight. Maybe.”
None of the Jumps looked happy to see me.
Efrem Felix continued: “But stay inside, though, Benji. We’re out here cleaning up that mess you made this afternoon. Seeing as how self-centered you are on a good day, it’s assumed that on a bad day — like today — it’s assumed that on a bad day like today, you pay exceptional attention to nothing but self. There is a rumor going around that a white police officer broke Vontavious’ arm.”
“What?” I said, baffled. “That doesn’t make any sense. There were witnesses. His crew. The Violators.”
“The Violators are spreading the rumor,” sighed Efrem Felix, as if explaining something to an imbecile. “Diversionary tactic. It works.”
“Does it?” I said, irritated.
“It does,” said Efrem Felix. “While we’re standing here protecting you — ostensibly — there are fights breaking out all over the city. Sectors ablaze. Unrest in the wards. If there’s another race rebellion, nobody’s going to give a proper shit about the people of color walking around The Bottoms with pistols. Except for the people of color in The Bottoms without the pistols.” 
I tipped my hat to him, in spite of myself.
“They’re not defending black folks,” continued Efrem Felix. “They’re hunting one. Vontavious has put a bounty out on you, Benji.”
“A bounty?”
“Yeah-zer,” confirmed Free Love, nodding. “Bounty hunters in The Bottoms. Ain’t this something? And here I thought the going-away function at the center tonight was going to be the highlight of my week. Still might. Grand opening. Grand closing. Buck! Buck! Buck! Buck! Buck!”
“Okay. Hmm... Okay, but I don’t think —”
“You didn’t think,” sniped Efrem Felix, cutting me off, cutting off the fish head. “So it’s going to be another long weekend. Junkies. Perverts. Alcoholics. Racists. Gangs. Food desert. Cops. Poor health. Unemployment. Evictions. Lead poisoning. Having to escort school kids through hell. Having to tend to our own individual traumas. Another fucking virus. And now we got Benji to babysit.”
A random partygoer suddenly sprang out from behind me, running out of the house.
“We’re on the news, ya’ll!” shouted the partygoer. “Come look at the news!”
“Oh, I wonder what that could be,” clucked Efrem Felix, picking up another fish to clean as the backyard emptied of all but the Jumps. “Looting? Shooting? Yeah. Yeah. You had to go and poke the hornet’s nest before you left it, didn’t you, Benji? Couldn’t scurry out The Bottoms fast enough. The vote was four to three in favor of protecting you. Tonight. Tomorrow we vote again. About you. Now? Guns, this vote.”
“No!” I shouted. “Roy-Jon isn’t here to vote! No! You shouldn’t do this! Don’t do this, fellas! Efrem Felix, why?”
“The clock,” answered Kwan. “Play is in motion. Revenge. Reprisal.”
“But mostly revenge,” clarified Potted Meat Patel. “The Violators have already struck back. Caught Roy-Jon slipping. Beat him up by the gas station on Fifth. Hospitalized. Intubated.”
“And,” said Tube Socks. “The bounty is ancillary. Protests were already happening. Some peaceful. Some not. Doubtful it stood. Streets are in chaos, Benji. Again. It doesn’t take much to set things off nowadays.”
“If ever that,” affirmed Neck Bones. “So we reconnoiter the wards! We patrol the neighborhood! We protect the block! We defend The Bottoms!”
Chanted the six: “We do the job that others can’t do!”
“Indeed, but what is this job exactly?” asked Free Love, folding his massive arms as he scanned the perimeter. “We’re out here talking like we hard legs, all bowed up like somebody couldn’t just stroll in and shoot everybody in the face. We are literally standing near fish in a barrel. Reconnoiter the wards,” scoffed Free Love, chuckling. “Dude, your name is Neck Bones!”
Everyone but Efrem Felix fell out laughing. To this I added, “He’s right. We’re not the G Street Regulators, Efrem Felix.”
Irritated, Efrem Felix shot back, “Hell no, we’re not the G Street Regulators! G Street is out there rocking ass! G Street gunned up months ago! Meanwhile, we’re still patrolling with Super Soakers, Nerfed like a bunch of fucking liberals! G Street acts! JOB debates! Pathetic!”
“Mayhap,” said Free Love, evenly. “It’s a lot of people heated right now, you know what I mean? I understand that. But I highly, highly doubt that it’s just about Vontavious. I highly, highly doubt that anybody other than his rat soup eatin’ goons is out there rolling for payback regardless of who said who what where why when broke his arm, you know what I mean? Reconnoiter the wards. Hey, Tube Socks, we’re going to reconnoiter the wards.”
For a second, as I stood there on the back porch listening to my friends go insane, for a brief second, I thought that Free and his legendary calm had talked us off the ledge.
“But them bounty hunters, though,” clucked Free Love, extinguishing my wish for peace. “Five hundred dollars per finger? Benji, your jack-off hand is worth more than my tuition.”
“Five hundred…” I said, startled.
“Yup yup yup,” verified Free Love. “What do you think you drove over? His ego? Pffft. Your drawing hand for his throwing hand. Your writing hand for his money hand. Eye for an eye. Nut for a nut. Pharoah come a’calling once again, my Israelites. Buck! Buck! Buck! Buck! Buck!”
 “So we gun up,” proposed Efrem Felix. “All in favor say aye.”
“Five hundred per…”
“Aye,” voted everyone but me and Free Love.
“Clown,” Efrem Felix called me, revealing his pistol. “Clown. Play play is over, cousin. You’re dressed like a fucking snowbird.”
8. The Work
Saturday morning.
Awake!
I found an intact joint amidst the house party wreckage and smoked it as I brewed a strong cup of coffee. I sat. I stood. I wandered. Appropriately mellow, I then ate stale finger food and a lemon popsicle as my breakfast. Shower? Nah. Eighteen.
I peered out a front window and saw Neck Bones and Tube Socks still on the porch standing sentry in the morning sun. Before my problems could find me, I exited the house for the backyard storage shed that I had converted into my art studio. My creator space. My refuge.
I’d equipped the wooden hut with as many of my supplies as I could and still have work space to move around in, including lamps to light my drawing table and a fan to challenge the heat. One window allowed for ventilation, and I usually kept the door open when I was painting. Friday night had failed to drop the temperature below ninety degrees, so opening the window was my first priority. My second was to turn on some music. Old. Moody. My intent was to do some work this morning and then pack up my art supplies this afternoon. Cherrelle was driving me to college in a few days.
While I waited for the shed to air out, I stood outside of it and I smoked another joint. Then I sat at my desk and went to work. My morning’s task was to illustrate a scene from the graphic novel I was working on.
I called it The Last Days of Play Play.
9. Origin Story
My creative output at the time was very detached from reality. I myself was very detached from reality. Aside from being stoned on laced marijuana that Saturday morning, I was in denial of the severity of my situation. I thought the whole thing was a joke. JOB wasn’t a gang. The Violators weren’t a gang. There existed real gangs in Smidd, but they were affiliated with black gangs from larger cities and were not as well organized as the Latino gangs. Real gangsters were into activities such as drug dealing and grand theft auto, gang-related activities that made our little skirmishes…well, play play. I didn’t know any real gangsters.
Still in my art studio, I drew at my work station a scene from my graphic novel. Though I categorized my endeavor as urban fantasy, it was more fantasy than urban. Dragons and giants and goblins. Dwarves and wizards and such. Magical phenomena I imagined as actual in an inner-city setting, with journeys into horror and science fiction. My comic book was about a group of teenage friends defending their neighborhood from invading aliens during an apocalypse. No one used real guns in my fantasy, yet I now found myself sketching a pistol on the page, my mind drifting back to the gun vote last night.
I knew Efrem Felix had a pistol. He didn’t usually carry it on him, but we all knew that he had it. We had seen it last night. As for the rest of our crew, it was possible to obtain guns in The Bottoms, yet I doubted that they would actually go through with it. Black nerds the lot of us. Blerds. The Jump Out Boys, with the exception of white boy Roy-Jon, were all nerds of color. Christ Said That Through Kwan? Black. Potted Meat Patel? Blackistanian. Neck Bones? Country Grandma Snuff Can Black.
Dr. Wolfgang Bon Benjamin Bushwickin Aloysius La Lupin La Blue Girl La La Anthony The Third? A black-ass bama, me. I own it.
Our nicknames, ridiculous, came from the middle school era when we had first begun putting on our backyard wrestling events. The Jump Out Boys, Free Love had dubbed us from a Gheto Boys lyric, asserting that we could steal back the name from po-po, like we’d altered the term “jobber” from professional wrestling, since we were striving to replace po-po (“jump out boys” being what police were known as for jumping out to ambush targets). I scoffed but voted my consent. Such were the contradictions of our origin.
I preferred my version, the origin story that said The Jump Out Boys were into video games, professional wrestling, comic books, anime, horror movies, watching science-fiction television and going to see action-adventure blockbusters. Nobody cried after leaving the football team because we had plenty of other aspirations. Free Love guested on Scarcasm LIVE podcasts, maintained a YouTube channel where he posted videos of himself playing video games and giving what he called “hood health tips.” A gangster streaming Mario Kart while talking up vitamin D supplementation and recommendations for lowering one’s high cholesterol in a food desert? My cousin Free Love, plant-powered, did not eat meat. It’s fair to assume that real gangsters were expected to eat meat, as my mother would attest.
Meanwhile, us Bottoms Blerds, Funkadelic to the core, us Bottoms Blerds considered ourselves progressive in the sense that we wanted to progress from the outdated mindset of my mother and my uncles’ generation. We strived for equity, not just acceptance. Tube Socks was openly gay, I had confessed my sexual fluidity to my sister, and of the eight of us, Christ Said That Through Kwan and Free Love For Those Who Can’t Afford It were the only Jump Out Boys who still attended church.
That we escorted kids to and from school was literally just that — walking alongside them as security. Some of the kids didn’t even want us to walk with them, the brats. And the neighborhood was suspicious of us, too. JOB didn’t wear uniforms, per se, but everyone but me dressed in earth-tone hoodies at all times, even on the hottest of days. They’d taken to wearing backpacks stuffed with swap-meet weapons. Neck Bones had a sling shot! An old-school, wood and rubber, Dennis The Menace slingshot! A joke. A ludicrous joke, admittedly funny when our junkyard weapons were used as our backyard wrestling props. But now?
But now only I was laughing, it seemed. In truth, my estrangement from my crew had begun long before the current unrest. I had been elected as the original leader of JOB because I was the best at strategy. We didn’t know what we were doing. Play play. But I was the one with the gift, as Efrem Felix constantly made it a point to remind me. When we were in play play mode, I had mapped out the city into sectors, had designated patrol patterns for us in The Bottoms. I emphasized stealth and avoidance. Dope boys and police were not to be fucked with, so let’s navigate the students and ourselves down a different alley, away from the liquor store, away from the gas station. We formed JOB in tenth grade. In twelfth grade, during the spring, Efrem Felix had taken over as crew chief, which I had suggested, going so far as to nominate old sourpuss myself. He lived for the potential of combat. He planned for offense whereas I preferred the earlier days, the play play, the simple escorts and the water balloon fights with other Blerds who couldn’t afford paint guns. At the last JOB meeting I had attended before I starting skipping them, there was a vote proposed to clear the drug dealers out of Rochester Apartments with baseball bats. The boys had lost their way. From my perspective, at least.
Watercolors, weed, depicting the convergence of the yonic and the phallic became my preoccupations. I escaped into my art, emerged extreme as a sensualist obsessed with aesthetics. My mind expanded, as did my work. I longed to experiment. I craved to free my mind. I considered myself a libertine but, all told, I had a bit of creep to me and not just the kind of creep interpreted as stealth. Was I a photographer or a voyeur? Was I telling stories about The Bottoms or exploiting what I thought could eventually sell? Was I the right person to tell this story? No one but me videoed the street walkers and their johns for JOB to post on a john-shaming website. No one but me roamed The Bottoms at 2 a.m. with no directive to protect. I wanted to watch. I was fascinated by the sex workers. I envied the vice. I didn’t want to police it. I wanted to join in. Was I still a Jump? Was I one of the good guys?
Doubtful it stood.
So I spent more time in my studio. I got high. I drew. I wrote. I skipped the marches, watched porn during the protests, kept private my trauma of having been stopped and frisked several times, kept private my humiliation at having been chicken hawked when I was six, kept hidden my personal angst from knowing that no layer of creativity could ever shield me from being harassed by cops, surveilled by whites in general, marginalized by my own people of color for being a freak. Nothing mattered to me anymore. Crisis fatigue. Despite Juicy’s assertion that I was overly sensitive, I had grown a calloused skin, self-loathing scar tissue formed from a lifetime of having my blackness questioned by blacks like Vontavious and my intelligence and talent questioned by whites. I had grown a calloused skin. I got off on race-play pornography. I got high and I checked out.
My prior community spirit, now lapsed, had been instilled in me by my sister Cherrelle, an activist, and come to think of it, my heart had shriveled up around about the time she had moved out of the house and I had started sneaking joints scrounged from our mother’s parties. Juicy worked too much to parent and she partied too much to care. I got lucky with two of her party guests one night, vaginally penetrating a woman as I sucked a man’s penis, and I immediately saw our Little Rascals unrequested protection service as embarrassingly silly
Like I said, I didn’t think things would ever improve in The Bottoms. The weed might get better. Other than that, the oppression, the systemic racism, the history of generational trauma in this American city — come on, fellas, what are we trying to do here, I asked of the Jumps. None of the others got high. None of the others had lost hope. None of the others had an arts scholarship to a university on the opposite side of the state. Sellout aspirations, my goal was to write and illustrate bestsellers, escape from The Bottoms for good. Despite my confidence in my craft, I had inherited my mother’s world-weary outlook. What was I running to? What was I running from? I had come up a pessimist without having had to earn my pessimism like my mother had earned her pessimism through a lifetime of snapping chicken necks and raising two kids alone. Just being from The Bottoms had made me weary of talk of change. Every election, there was talk of change.
Perhaps I was self-centered, as Efrem Felix accused. Change, to me, was not having to look over my shoulder when I sensed the presence of a potential black thug nor getting followed around in a store because I was racially profiled as a potential black thief. Change to me was not being called a “half-a-fag” by my own mother. Such a change for me would never happen. Not in The Bottoms nor, realistically, at that predominately white college I was due to attend. Perhaps Juicy had raised me after all. When we were on good terms with each other, a rare occurrence as of late, she confessed that she was glad I was getting the fuck up out from down here. When we were on good terms with each other, we shared a joint and watched The Young and The Restless and then we shared more joints and munched extremely potent edible marijuana. She’d pull out her Tarot cards (that she hid from my sister) and inevitably ask to view my latest works, my art and my writing, of which my mother always approved, no matter the content. Say what you want to say about Jalisa, but about some aspects of her son, she was my biggest fan, primary aspects being my art and my astrological omen. About other aspects of me, not so much.
So it was so long, Bottoms, for Benji. Sayonara to the bullies, adios to the Jumps, and goodbye to the culture of death that had put our ward on the news every night, along with the cops getting caught murdering black people and quarterbacks getting their arms rolled over by a piece-of-shit hooptie. Change? Mobs of white supremacists rallied at the borders of the sectors, instigating brawls and attacking citizens, hanging nooses and burning down black churches. Hope? Attributed to the lynch mobs were the growing incidents of mysterious black deaths. Peace? The black-on-black murder count in our city exceeded three hundred this year, and it was only August. Bins full of black bodies. Murdered. Diseased. Discarded. Discarded black youth, black women, and murdered black transgender people. Trashed, trashed, trashed. Death, death, death. Ever smelled a discarded black body by the roadside (and then went to school to report on Kurt Vonnegut)? I have. Baffling, that. But have you heard the good news?
Puff, puff, pass!
Gas, grass, or ass!
There were rumors of war with China.
“Mystic crystal revelation,” sang The Fifth Dimension on my radio.
Benji seeks his tribe before the whole shithouse goes up in flames, I wrote on the page.
Gas, grass, or ass!
Nobody rides for free.
“I’m not taking you to college,” said Cherrelle, entering the shed. “You’re not going anywhere, Benji. You’re stuck here. You can never leave this place, and if you do, you’ll always return.”
“Wha-what?” I coughed.
10. Bakshi
Saturday morning Cherrelle was never as happy as Sunday morning Cherrelle. My big sister worked as a nurse at our inner-city hospital. Friday night shifts she wore on her face on Saturday mornings. A scold, she wasn’t in the mood for play play, either. Nobody was, it seemed.
“You have the money to smoke dope, you have the money for a bus ticket,” clucked Cherrelle, standing at the threshold of my art shed. “Not a single box packed. Gang members guarding the house. The place is a wreck, as usual.”
“So?”
“So I looked into your bedroom, Benji. I saw nothing packed there, either. Of course, I’ve been saying all along that your rush to get out of here is just a front. It’s okay to be scared of change, little brother. But you’re taking the bus. I don’t deliver drug fiends to school.”
“Whatever,” I said, focusing on my drawing. “Hey, did you see Vontavious at the hospital yesterday? Did you see our friend Roy-Jon? I bet you didn’t see Vontavious. I bet he just got his arm looked at and then he left. Right?”
“I didn’t see either of them,” reported Cherrelle. “I wasn’t looking for them, either. Believe it or not, there are reasons other than gang-related why people are in the hospital nowadays or haven’t you heard? Not that you care.”
“Everybody keeps accusing me of being selfish,” I snorted, focusing on my drawing. “I care. I’m processing things my own way.”
“By drawing fish people and aliens.”
She stepped behind my chair to peer at my work: “Demons?”
“And angels.”
“You know, you won that scholarship with your photos of The Bottoms. You earned that scholarship with your photos of The Bottoms. You used to write about real people. You used to draw real people. But this? This is pornography. Violent. Luciferian. Is that supposed to be Satan? Benji, what is going on with you?”
“Urotsukidoji,” I sang. “Legend of the Over-Benji. And a stroke of Ralph Bakshi. William Blake. Look, Chey, I appreciate you stopping by as always, but I got a lot of packing here to do today, so…”
“I think you hit Vontavious on purpose. That’s what I think.”
“I think a cop broke his arm.”
“You think nothing,” countered Cherrelle, dismissively. “You and those gangster cousins of yours are determined to throw away your lives just when they’re getting started.”
“Again. Not a gang. We do the job that others can’t do,” I muttered, half-heartedly.
“Yeah? Hmm... Come a long way from walking kids to school to sending kids to the hospital. Sending kids to the hospital is a job too many of you young black men are doing, Benji. Do I need to bring you down there to observe another shift? The school-to-prison pipeline —”
“So you did see Vontavious.”
Cherrelle sighed. She walked from behind me, touring my studio, looking at my newer work (while scanning for bomb-making material, I suspected). My big sister inspected my content with maternal concern. Again she asked, “What is going on with you? Your work has turned from anti-racist to anti-white, got confused by anti-fascist, somehow wound up anti-black, and landed, of course, anti-women. Now it’s anti-human? You’re becoming so… I don’t know what. But I don’t like it.”
“Ennui.”
“What?”
“That’s what we call it in group. Ennui. Afro-pessimism.”
“So you’re still going to therapy. Good. Benji, have you eaten anything today? Did you eat anything yesterday? Look at you. Your hair. And if you’re going to wear this…” she clucked, coming over to dab at my eyeliner. While this happened, I realized that I had been drawing an image of the hippie girl I had seen with Vontavious yesterday. Would she turn up at college? Did I even know how to speak to romantic interests, male and female, when my history informed me that I could only speak to romantic interests while blitzed out of my mind on recreational drugs? I started to share my thoughts with my sister but remained silent, staring at the image of the hippie girl I had drawn. What did her voice sound like?
Continued this moment of no talking, only music on the radio as Cherrelle fixed my makeup before saying, “You know what? You’re coming to the going-away party tonight.”
“I’m coming to the going?”
“Sober. Come sober, Benji, and I’ll rethink driving you up to college. And I might help you pack.”
“Hmm... Conditional love. It’s a church party, isn’t it?”
“Benji, if we don’t get you away from our mother, you’re going to end up living at home for the rest of your life. Where is she anyway?”
“Casino. Biloxi with Larry. At least that’s where they said they were going. Mind you, this was announced while they were dancing The Aunt-tee last night on top of the deep freezer.”
Cherrelle groaned. She walked away from me and my darker art pieces toward my display of Bottoms photographs (which were darker, I would argue). Still hanging on the walls of the shed, still unboxed and uncrated, the pictures featured the abandoned buildings, the scenes of eviction, the burnt store fronts and the crying eyes of a city in turmoil. I was proud of those pieces but I had moved on. The Bottoms series was the last of my work that I had created without psychedelic drugs penetrating my blood/brain barrier. Next stop, magic mushrooms. Then LSD. Points beyond?
As if she could read my mind, my sister cautioned, “Larry doesn’t party like ya’ll do, Benji.”
“He does a mean Aunt-tee,” I countered.
“And I warned her that this was getting out of hand,” said Cherrelle, somehow scolding herself, judging herself. “I see things at the hospital. That guy Larry is wrong. He’s a wrong man. I see things. I’ll just leave it at that.”
She made a final disapproving scowl at my tentacle porn then exited the shed.
“But you didn’t see Vontavious,” I sang, triumphant as I lit another laced joint. “Nothing but a scratch. Nothing broken. This will all blow over like it always does.”
I blew my favorite transgender model a kiss.
Purple, my smoke.
Aswirl.
“Coming to the going,” I said to their image. “Sail on sailor. And funky pretty, yeah? So who doesn’t love a parting sailor? Aswirl.”
Aswirl ennui? Maybe change could happen and maybe change couldn’t. Does it matter? Afro-pessimism. We’re born to die. My folk sooner than yours. Junkies. Perverts. Alcoholics. Racists. Gangs. Food desert. Cops. Poor health. Gun violence. Unemployment. Evictions. Lead poisoning. Having to escort school kids through hell. Having to tend to our own individual traumas. Another fucking virus. And now they got Benji to babysit. How about that for a change?
I, as a young black male, had statistics of a shortened lifespan so much so that hit points should’ve been floating around me like a character in a video game. I was a doomed non-player character, not a protagonist. Forces outside of myself controlled my fate. I just aimed my steer whenever I could.
You know what? Fuck it. Let my wayward Jump Outs have these broken streets. Let Vontavious have his revenge. Let my mother pickle herself in her alcohol, her intolerance, her anger, her generational scorn. I didn’t care. On the other side of Sunday, I was due to leave port. On the verge of completing the panel I had been drawing, I heard a loud bang.
“Cherrelle!”
11. Grab Ass
Before my eyes was a scene so ludicrous, I almost dropped the joint I was smoking. Almost.
My big sister Cherrelle, having left my art shed following her Saturday morning scold, my big sister Cherrelle walked right out into the backyard where Tube Socks and Neck Bones were playing war games. And by playing war games, I mean they were tossing firecrackers at each other’s heads. My sentries. My guardians. If The Violators had wanted to retaliate for my having driven over Vontavious’ football-throwing arm, all they had to do was take a video of The Jump Out Boys at ease.
“Tickle fight!” exclaimed Tube Socks, wrestling Neck Bones to the ground. “I’m it!”
“No, I’m it!” shouted Neck Bones, gleefully.
These were eighteen-year-olds.
“No, I’m it,” said Cherrelle, shaking her head. “It being a female, which you lot so desperately lack in your lives. She need not be a lover. She could just be a friend. A mentor. Estrogen influence. A Jump Out Girl. I’m just saying.”
With smoke from the firecrackers still rising from the ground, Cherrelle strolled past the wrestling Jumps. She exited the backyard, suddenly came back and gave me a hug, said, “Come to the function sober tonight, Benji. Showered and sober. And pack. Pack, please.” Then she left.
I smirked, muttered something untoward, and then I, reluctantly, begrudgingly came to my senses. I put out the joint I had been smoking, dropped the roach in an ashtray on my drawing desk. While back in the shed, I scanned all of my stuff. Cherrelle had a point. For somebody so ready to leave, I hadn’t readied to leave. What other soon-to-be first-year had stalled? The incoming students that I had met at campus orientation over the summer had seemed oppressively perky. Most of them already knew the answers to the questions I had been too embarrassed to ask. White, they had appeared prepared and ready to conquer the world, their bright-eyed assuredness surely to be featured on the cover of next fall’s college catalog along with me, the token black, as always. They had looked like they had gotten a good night’s rest. Even at my most mellow, I rarely slept through the night. Sirens. Gunshots. Into the bin we go. I could not imagine any of my first-year cohort ever stepping foot in The Bottoms, yet I could picture them hauling ass to leave it. So it was past time for me to start packing.
“Well if ain’t Shits and Giggles,” I smirked, walking back out to the Jumps, ignoring my packing. I approached Neck Bones and asked him to hand me one of the firecrackers. I had made the miniature explosives, so I knew the bang shouldn’t have sounded that loud.
“Don’t use these,” I said, analyzing my handiwork. “I’ll have to recalibrate the powder. Umm… Stick with the cherry bombs, the rockets, the moon dazzlers. A prospect downed another surveillance drone, so I should have Robo online before I leave for school. And it’s going to take beaucoup trips to the junkyard to get The Interceptor rolling. Let’s see… Meat said the new smoke grenades work, so keep using those. Speaking of which, what’s the Clarence Update, fellas? Dare I leave the hideout now? Has the posse ridden past?”
“Eff said to bring you down to the gas station,” reported Tube Socks, standing. “He wants you there for the vote.”
“The vote to keep protecting me?”
“The vote to hand you over to Vontavious,” clarified Neck Bones. “Hold up. There go my water gun. I’m it!”
12. The Original Three
Times like this made me wonder how I would fare, not just at college, but away from my home in general, The Bottoms in particular. Here I was, being escorted to meet with my lifelong nemesis on a sunny Saturday morning, passing lawn mowers and car washers and kids at play. Just the fact that I had a lifelong nemesis struck me as silly. I was too old for this nonsense. We all were too old for this nonsense. I was flanked by two “street fighters” engaged in a water pistol fight.
“You looking for that rock?” came a voice, sudden and ominous behind me. “You trying to be a rock star, young blood?”
Before I could maneuver to see who was creeping, a punch landed on the back of my head. Vontavious? A wet finger slammed inside my right ear. The finger swirled. And then I smelled burning popcorn, the fragrant notes of my cousin Free Love’s dollar store cologne. Tube Socks and Neck Bones, who had been walking on either side of me, sauntered away giggling.
“Chump!” yelled Free Love, jumping out from behind me. “Benji, did you dook? I bet Benji dooked!" He sniffed the air. "Doo Doo Brown! Ladies and gentlemen, we got dookie!”
Before I could confirm or deny defecation, Efrem Felix emerged from behind a tree. He assessed my startled response with a brusque, “No situational awareness. Lapsed. Debouched. Slipping.”
“Slipping? You all are the ones off brand this morning. I thought play play was over.”
“Play play ain't never over!” laughed Free Love.
He kicked me in the butt.
“Ow!”
Free Love giggled. A muscular, jovial giant was Free Love For Those Who Can’t Afford It. This was the son of Uncle Tiny. Next to him on the sidewalk stood his battle buddy, Uncle Un’s son, who mirrored his gun-toting father’s disagreeable nature. Even in the midst of this horseplay, Efrem Felix was staid, taciturn, the unimpressed counterpoint to Free Love's gregarious nature. Both of them were — like all other seven of The Jump Out Boys — backyard gym rats, Free Love so much so that his sculpted physique invited descriptions such as “Hercules! Hercules!” Yet the duo also contrasted, affable versus asshole, cousins differing in that complimentary manner which destined them to be partners, even if they hadn’t been related.
I had always been the odd man out, the bookish indoor kid amongst the athletic Blerds who played basketball from sunup to sundown, my sports-loving cousins who could get together a game at a funeral if the deceased had on his Chucks. My creativity had complimented their athleticism when we were younger, when we had found professional wrestling more appealing than mixed martial arts. I used to write the storylines for our backyard wrestling troupe. I missed those days. I missed my play play cousins, my non-relatives, the other Jump Out Boys who were Jump Out Boys before they became JOB. I missed my real cousins, Efrem Felix and Free Love, my blood relatives before they started emulating Bloods. I missed our play play. I still do.
Efrem Felix, crew chief, redirected his team back toward their mission. His father, my Uncle Un, was still in jail, having been detained by the police at yesterday’s imbroglio. No comment nor display of emotion regarding that fact came from Efrem Felix. This did not mean that he wasn’t in pain. This was how we carried ourselves, to our detriment, I came to believe. Of our fellowship, my cousin Efrem Felix always bore the most scars.
“Vontavious is at the gas station on Fifth,” he reported, serious as a heart attack. “Obviously, you wouldn’t have come with these two if you really thought we were going to give you up to him.”
“What’s going on?” I asked. “Have you seen him? Is his arm broken?”
“His arm is in a sling,” said Free Love. “Not broken. He says it’s a sprained elbow.”
“Then why are we meeting with him? This is stupid. I’m pretty sure I’m going to get sued. There’s no need for a rumble. Sorry, everybody, but I’m heading back to the house.”
“No, you’re not,” said Efrem Felix. “We’re meeting with Vontavious to put an end to this foolishness. To stop the escalation. I could see him settling this in court because he’s not an idiot. He’s trying to get up out of here too. He ain’t the problem, though.”
“Then who is the problem?” I asked, annoyed.
“Vontavious got too many monsters around him,” explained Efrem Felix, bluntly. “Hanging around them dope boys down here in The Bottoms, trying to act like he a thug. Done messed around and picked up some real thugs and now he can’t drop them. There’s no such thing as The Violators. I mean, his school friends call themselves The Violators. But the people who were looking to saw off your hands last night?”
I took note of the bandages and the bruises of the Jumps, wounds from their Friday night skirmishes. Meanwhile, I had been in my art shed, writing. They were sweaty. They were bloodied. I was stoned.
“Those aren’t Vontavious’ people,” continued Efrem Felix. “Those. Aren’t. People.”
“Then what are they?” I asked, fearing that I knew the answer.
Efrem Felix patted his pistol.
13. Serious Business
Nearing the gas station on Fifth, our clique of five swelled to a company of seven. Efrem Felix crowed a summoning “Ca-caw! Ca-caw!” and we were augmented on our journey by Christ Said That Through Kwan and Potted Meat Patel, the both of them also bandaged and bruised. Still no word about Roy-Jon, the eighth Jump who had been jumped at the gas station yesterday. He was said to have been hospitalized, but the only thing Efrem Felix would tell me was, “Roy-Jon voted to protect you. He paid a price that you haven’t. So far. But you will.”
Potted Meat Patel had a pair of nunchucks dangling from his backpack. Given the supposed severity of the situation, that amused me. Sort of. I was scared. This was spiraling out of control. Imagining my friends out in the streets last night fighting real gangsters with our fake weapons — my stupid fireworks — my guilt in causing this unfair fight suddenly struck me as validating Efrem Felix’s call for guns. But, as was my coping strategy when feeling vulnerable, I defaulted to sarcasm. Escape. Avoidance. I invalidated my own fears, faked courage with skepticism, the refuge of us overly clever yet secretly afraid.
“So no guns,” I concluded, donning my fisherman’s hat. “Except for yours, Efrem Felix. I’ve seen you shoot that thing. I feel safer with the nunchucks.”
“Coming from a dude who tried to blow up the school,” sniped Efrem Felix. “With all of us in it, by the way. I don’t know what kind of psychiatric medication or street drug fools a black man into thinking that he doesn’t need protection in this country, but I gotta say — as we march into enemy territory, walking la-dee-da in a single file line like it’s corn dog day in the fucking cafeteria for Little Benji and The fucking Buttermilk Bunch — I gotta say, I sort of miss mad-bomber Benji right about now.”
Laughter from the Jumps and then Efrem Felix continued, “Hmm... Didn’t a crate of assault rifles get stolen from a panic room out in the suburbs yesterday? Don’t worry. If our opponents decide to thrown down, boys, Salvador Darkie here swoops in with a paint brush. Vincent Van Dope gonna puff us out of harm’s way.”
I didn’t respond. I again questioned my decision to come with them and meet with Vontavious. If people believed that I had driven over their hero’s throwing arm, some of everybody knew where I lived and they would’ve found me, probably beat me up, may have put me in the hospital.
If people believed the rumor that a white police officer had broken Vontavious’ arm, then why did I need security? Now I knew how some of our escorted kid clients felt. Confused. Ultimately, I had decided it best to trust Efrem Felix on this. We weren’t as friendly with each other as we used to be, yes, we had beef, but my cousin knew the streets. I didn’t. “A pothead too scared to buy weed,” Efrem Felix had said of me when he had discovered my habit of scrounging drugs at my mother’s parties. “Streets ain’t for you, cuz. Best stay in that shed, huffing your paint.” Yet here I was out of my shed. And to add to the confusion of the Saturday morning, I noticed that there were people watching us from their front porches as we walked toward the gas station. I realized that there were people watching me, specifically. Reading the expression on my face, Efrem Felix reminded me that, “The bounty Vontavious put out on your fingers is an actual bounty. Remember that hit list he put on Central for the homecoming game? Real funny until it ain’t funny. Can’t be called off, either. Vontavious is stupid rich, but he ain’t stupid.”
More eyes fell upon me. In The Bottoms, people moved in and out and back in again at a constant rate, so to know your neighbors like people on television know their neighbors (unless there was a conflict) was uncommon in my experience. Juicy had moved us in and out from down here, following work out, losing work and falling back in. I considered the transitory nature of The Bottoms population now because I was searching for a friendly face from the porches we passed. JOB as a collective of do-gooders received a few thumbs-up, some high fives from little kids that appreciated the escorts to and from school and liked the general ridiculousness of our athletic showmanship, our comedy props, little kids being our primary clients and backyard wrestling audience. On the whole, however, I now felt more alien to my environment than the aliens that I drew invading it.
Continued Efrem Felix: “I worry that when you hear ‘bounty hunters,’ you picture cowboys. You picture space pirates. Of course, that’s what you would picture, considering your content is all about escapism these days. Picture instead unemployed people. Uninsured people. Evicted people. Angry people. Picture people un-housed. Tent city desperation. Foreign war vets. The food insecure. Now here comes Vontavious, a fucking Caligula with his sponsored sadism, here comes a goddamn urban warlord dangling deep dollars for harming a black body in a sector where the police have been neutered. Unfathomable if one is ignorant of the history of The Bottoms, of racist districting, of redlining. Hmm... Those people that you used to picture in your award-winning photographs, cousin, you forgot about them, didn’t you? Well, they haven’t forgotten about you.”
A man wearing a medical face mask walked up to Efrem Felix and reminded him that JOB had volunteered to escort his grandmother to the grocery store. He reminded all of us that the latest surge of domestic refugees flooding into The Bottoms was growing more desperate. Efrem Felix gave another crow call, summoning three prospect Jobbers. They departed with the man to his house.
As we turned into the parking lot of the gas station to meet with Vontavious, I turned to look back at the three young black men providing security for the old black woman. “And now we got Benji to babysit,” Efrem Felix had sighed. I suddenly became very, very sad. I experienced a vision of a cloudy day, a grim, hooded Jobber confronting a bleak future, an inevitable change:
The next generation of Jump Out Boys didn’t even get to play.
“If you think so lowly of my commitment to the cause,” I addressed Efrem Felix, “Why the protection? Why fight for me?”
“Good question, Aloysius,” snorted Efrem Felix, marching without pause. “Did you intend to injure Vontavious or was it truly an accident? Why fight for Benji? Why fight for The Bottoms? Why fight for anything? My personal hope is that one day, cousin, you’ll awaken and write a line or two that people like us could use. Inspire us folk from The Bottoms, don’t just entertain. Don’t just market the trauma, either. Inspire us folk from The Bottoms. Other than that? God only knows. That’s by His design. God only knows.”
My cousin smiled, inhaled deeply, exhaled slowly and smiled up at the sun then finished:
“God only knows. JOB understands.”
14. Parlay
We met Vontavious and his crew at the boarded-up gas station on Fifth. This was where Roy-Jon had been beaten up last night in retaliation for my having had injured Vontavious, sports hero, by driving into the brawl at the liquor store. That brawl had been comical. The scene leading up to it had been comical. This was not comical. As a prologue to a night of fear fueled by the rumor that a white police officer had broken Vontavious’ football-throwing arm, yesterday’s show of slapstick put on by my Uncle Pete now, like everything else in The Bottoms, felt now like a killing joke, a killing joke for people who could no longer afford to laugh.
One could believe that a nuke had been detonated, what with the boarded-up store fronts and the vacated buildings and the gang graffiti amongst other signs of neglect and abandonment. Ashes. Rot. Decay. The sad thing is, the neglect had looked like this before the current turmoil. Sadder were the murals painted on the walls we passed that depicted crying civil rights leaders. A history of white flight had contributed to The Bottoms neglect, according to my sister, a willful withdrawal of resources and an implementation of racist mismanagement. We lived far away from the sector border where gentrification started, and it showed on the faded mural paint.
As my friends and I approached his forces amassed, his legion, I observed that Vontavious’ right arm, the one with which he threw footballs, his billion-dollar arm that I had driven over with a hundred-dollar car, his arm, it lay cradled in a sling. It was not in a cast, instead swaddled in bandages and gauze. Vontavious scowled the moment that he saw me.
“Mommy Issues keeps his fucking mouth shut,” spat Vontavious, jutting his chin at me while speaking to Efrem Felix. “Because I need to get up out of here and that is not going to happen if I get heated. I really shouldn’t have been down here in the first place. All this. All this and the barbecue wasn’t even right. Carolina-style vinegar bullshit.”
His crew, swollen to a mob beyond thirty, his personal army laughed at their leader’s comment. We seven Jumps were outnumbered, hilariously so. What was it that my sister had said about schools, prisons, black boys, and hospitals?
Our leader, Efrem Felix, also laughed, the sound to which I immediately panicked. Something about that laugh, my cousin’s uncommon laugh signaled that not only had he brought his pistol to the parlay, he was likely to use it, likely to kill their leader, at least, aim to thin their numbers, at best. It wasn’t that Efrem Felix had a particular hate for Vontavious. He had admired our former quarterback when he had been on the defensive line with me and the other Jumps. Like all of The Bottoms and our entire city of Smidd, my cousin had been proud of the emerging black phenom. No, Efrem Felix, I felt, had since grown such a hard-on for justice that I imagined he would’ve shot Malcolm X if his sense of righteousness deemed it so. Looking now to see if my cousin was armed reminded me of Cherrelle’s warning that a boot is a boot and that JOB would better serve the underserved by training in social work and mental health advocacy rather than law enforcement. My sister didn’t buy the narrative that the uptick in Bottoms violence was due to the police standing down after the police brutality protests. Root causes should be addressed, she argued, systemic failures. To that, Eff had scoffed and had told me to hurry up building Robo.
I scanned the other Jumps, knowing that I couldn’t see if they were carrying, hoping that they weren’t carrying. “Streets ain’t for you, cuz,” Efrem Felix had warned me. I thought about running, estimated how far I could get, knowing that I couldn’t outrun a bullet if our foes had firearms, as well. What did an assault rifle sound like in real life?
I should’ve wired the gas station to blow up before we got here. Slipping. Lapsed. Stoned. Keep playing the fool, Benji, I admonished myself. Stupid car. Stupid liquor store. Stupid Uncle Pete. Stupid Benji. Stupid pride. Had I gotten my friends killed?
“Nobody I know is coming after him,” insisted Vontavious, addressing Efrem Felix while ignoring me. “Other than my lawyers. I mean, this here is some downright childishness, you feel me? That drunk dude pissed me off and I lost my head. Your cousin lost his head and I almost lost my arm. One of yours is in the hospital. White boy. The long-hair. I was in the hospital, too. Escalation. I’m here to de-escalate. Restorative justice. Just walk away. My elbow is sprained. It’ll heal.”
“But that bounty, though,” interrupted Free Love. “Vontavious, you Tyrone The Tiger, fake corn flakes eatin’ son of a bitch. You love rat soup! You love it!”
Everyone turned to look at Free Love.
Free, lost in his Dolemite-style putdowns, remembered himself.
“That being established,” he continued. “People already done forgot about the police rumor ya’ll put out there. Ain’t nobody done forgot about that five hundred dollars per finger. I guess you lost your head when you put that out there, too, Dr. King. How are you going to restore that?”
Both crews eyed each other to see who would respond to the tension. Calm prevailed. It was due to The Violators mirroring their leader’s calm. Likewise, JOB reflected Efrem Felix’s restraint. I seemed to be the only one on the verge of throwing a punch at this jackass. Progressed the parlay:
“I came down here,” explained Vontavious. “Like an idiot, I came down here this morning to get my name out of people’s mouths. As far as I’m concerned, I’m not hunting anybody. I don’t care about payback. I don’t want revenge. Ya’ll here that?” he asked his followers, turning to look at them, requesting that they verbally confirm that they had understood what he was telling them. “This will be the last time that I make the mistake of coming down here to The Bottoms. Believe that. I am not a gangster. I am not a thug.”
What? Incensed at hearing a bully who had called me an Oreo throughout grade school suddenly play at peacemaker, I grew angry and abruptly lost my cool.
“Then what are you then!” I yelled. “If you’re not a fucking thug, what the fuck are you! Fuck you, Vontavious! I should’ve driven that fucking car over your fucking skull! Fuck you, Vontavious!”
Now everybody looked to Vontavious to see how he would respond. Again calm stayed, this time annoyingly so.
Vontavious, sighing, finally looked at me and said, “But that bounty, though. I can’t call that off. You feel me? I can’t bust that deal. You know what I mean? Not if I want out of this nightmare myself. Dude, I’m going to be straight up and say I hate your weird, oddball, socially awkward ass. I always have. Fuck you and your psycho weirdo bullshit. You are not the only black person with a brain. You ain’t the only black person with talent. ‘Subdivisions are bad. Poverty is a trial of spirit. Now allow me to slap you in the face with my ca-raaazy satire.’ We get it, Langston Coons!”
I started to speak, yell actually, but Vontavious cut me off, saying, “Fool, I helped you out by making fun of your misfit ways. Look at you. Got yourself a mean-on, didn’t you? You got hard because of your so-called bully. Grew a tough skin. But everybody is bullied nowadays, I guess. Everybody is a victim. Everybody has been traumatized. Excuses, excuses. Can’t compete? Lifelong hall pass. Identity politics. Perpetual assistance. You ought to be thanking me for toughening you up but what do you do? Fake ass took a knee during the game just because you knew I couldn’t. Just because you knew I don’t give a shit about protesting like you don’t give a shit about protesting. You’re all about self and self’s talents and achievements, just like mean old Vontavious. Two assholes. See, fuck? I know you better than you know you. Want to know what else I know?”
“Oh, what else do you know?” I spat, sneering as I contemplated snatching that gun away from Efrem Felix.
“Math,” said Vontavious. “Can you believe that, fuck? Can you believe that, genius? A meathead like me, knowing math. Comprehending equations. Statistics. Oh, yeah! The Bottoms ain’t nothing but statistics. Didn’t ya’ll watch the news last night?”
“We’re on the news!” I recalled the partygoer shouting. “Come look at the news!”
“I learned a thing or two,” claimed Vontavious. “Watched it in the waiting room at the hospital. Up from Slavery, Down to The Bottoms: A Special Report on The Urban Black End Times. It was grim. Depressing. Angering, in fact. Made me forget about that pain I was in. Somewhat.”
“You expect us to take your pity?” scoffed Efrem Felix.
 “No, I don’t expect that,” replied Vontavious. “Brother, I am making amends at a frequency you can’t hear. See, I believe in change. I believe that I have changed. Having a car roll over your future will do that. You all down here represent more shocking statistics than I ever will playing football. Death statistics. Incarceration statistics. Low educational achievement. Short life, high probability of trauma. See, Columbine? Bullies can learn, too.”
“Right over your head,” I hissed. “If I could do it again. I swear to God. Right. Over. Your. Fucking. Skull.”
“The lifespan down here, though,” continued Vontavious, scanning the boarded-up buildings. “I mean, I guess a Bottoms kid might live long enough to buy my jersey. Hmm... Let me think on that. Junkies. Perverts. Alcoholics. Racists. Gangs. Food desert. Cops. Poor health. Gun violence. Unemployment. Evictions. Lead poisoning. Lead poisoning? Ain’t that some 1970s, episode of Good Times ghetto dilemma? So much for progress.”
He paused to scratch the arm in the sling. Then he coughed and sneezed. Amazingly, we all waited for Vontavious as he removed a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his nose. I noticed that the handkerchief, silk, was emblazoned with a Vee.
“My father advised me to stop playing at being hard,” confessed Vontavious between coughing spells. “Daddy, he ministered to me last night. Made sure I was prayed up, not just bandaged up. Play play is over, he said. You’re born for better things, he preached. Leave The Bottoms to the bottom. Those people are beyond salvation. We tried. They failed. We moved.”
Came a silence for seconds that seemed like minutes. Eerie enough the silence that Christ Said That Through Kwan remarked, “Eschaton. Strange not to hear the sirens. Police, I mean.”
 Paused the gathered.
“Yet the funerals haven’t stopped,” continued Kwan. “Hearses. Ambulances. Wailing mothers. Eschaton. My brother was murdered two years ago today.”
All remained still. All remained silent. No one knew where to look.
Vontavious shrugged then insisted: “Yeah, but this is all about me, isn’t it? Mean old Vontavious. The bad guy. Want to know what I’m good at? If this football thing doesn’t work out, I’m good at math. Oh, yeah! I’m studying to be an engineer. I mean, really, football to me is the backup. So going to jail or getting shot over this nonsense? No. Despite being labeled an Uncle Tom for voicing an unpopular opinion about law enforcement, I’m black, too, or haven’t you noticed? Do you even care? Do they even care?” Vontavious asked, scanning his own followers. “Fuck them. Fuck you. Fuck me. Niggas burned down Daddy’s first store last night. Black owned, black serving, black employing. Gone. Ashes. If that ain’t the alpha and the omega, I don’t know what is.”
“Eschaton,” repeated Christ Said That Through Kwan, this time making me nervous enough to tell him, “Stop saying that.”
Very uncharacteristic, judging by my years of verbal and physical confrontations with this bully, Vontavious meanwhile had revealed to all encircled, including his minions, a vulnerability. He seemed to be taking stock, contemplative of his actions as he would in the locker room after losing a game. “Mystic crystal revelation,” so sang The Fifth Dimension. I found Vontavious’ epiphany to be the Armageddon, the final crisis, the End of Evangelion, the bomb that one would’ve suspected of having laid waste to The Bottoms once and for all. His army, some of whom looked agitated at the length of the parlay, his legion appeared likewise taken aback by Vontavious’ fluctuating mood. My friends had about the same reaction.
I realized, looking at he who had tortured me so, I understood that this was the speechifying of a person who was done with it all. Tamping down, not ramping up. Vontavious’ family had earned their money in the furniture business. That a rich man’s son had not attended a private school but rather had been incubated in the sports machine of the underclass, that improbability suddenly became apparent on Vontavious’ face, as if he himself abruptly recognized how foolish it was for him to be voluntarily surrounded by the sons of the struggling and the unemployed. We watched him as he blew his nose into his handkerchief.
“I wish I could call off the bounty,” claimed Vontavious, looking toward his sports car. “Figuring out how to pay up without it getting back to me isn’t the kind of figuring you do when you lose your head. Or your arm. Hmm... Five hundred times ten equals five thousand. Ten snapped fingers nets five thousand dollars. The person who takes a video of you, Benji, with your face and your broken fingers and your face showing that your fingers have been broken, to that person who posts that video I will have to pay five hundred dollars per broken finger. My word is my bond. My word is my honor. It has to be my honor because I took a hit with that kneeling stunt of yours and since my street cred is now irretrievable, I can stop pretending I’m a thug, drop my ridiculous Rap group, and go about walling off from you sickly statistics like the white folk do, the willfully ignorant white folk who will always be happy to see me jog that flag around the field. Then again, I guess I’m going to have to stop doing that, too, fairly soon. Switch to a Chinese flag.”
Out of the multitude came a solitary laugh, a kid standing with Vontavious’ crew. Incredibly, he followed it up by pulling a pair of brass knuckles out of his pants, tossing them onto the ground as he walked away from the scene.
“I get it,” laughed Vontavious, nodding. “Comes a time to put away childish things. All this. All this change, Benji from The Bottoms. Can you do art without fingers? Can you write with stumps? The odds are against you.”
“The odds have always been against me,” I countered, suddenly engaged, not just enraged but present. It was his “childish” comment that caught me. “Childish,” he had said, as if invalidating the fact that we were, indeed, children. What was so wrong about being children? About being black children? Why did the world hate us so, bin us so, kill us nonstop?
I looked to my friends.
I looked at my foes.
Burnt buildings.
Burnt ends.
Ashes.
Rot.
Decay.
“The odds have always been against us. Always will be,” I said. “And yet we ascend.”
I looked to the murals.
I looked to Efrem Felix.
I looked to Free Love.
I looked to my crew, our discount toys, our bottom-shelf weapons, our junkyard defenses. How pathetic yet how real that black children armed ourselves with the last weapons of resilience that couldn’t be copied or stolen. Soul? Comedy? Wit, grit, and bullshit?
Black…something.
Oh, Efrem Felix was right! I was too much of a clown to nail it! But whatever infused these six to take a stand in a war that they had not birthed nor would live to see die, it jumped over and infused me. I saw the light.
Vontavious, asshole, discarded his dirty handkerchief onto the ground. I stood mesmerized by the tossed handkerchief, the earth that caught it. Two assholes, Vontavious had said of us. Was this to be my way, as well? What had I taken from The Bottoms? What would I leave? What would I take with me? What would I throw away?
“Nah, I don’t want to put away my childish things, Vontavious,” I concluded, defiant. “Taking that worldly bullshit seriously is for your kind of folk. And look where that got you. I, for one, reject your fucking apocalypse, boss man. How we get by is how we get by. That’s how we do in The Bottoms, winner. And what is it that we do?”
Chanted my six: “We do the job that others can’t do!”
And I joined them chanting with spiritual fervor, “WE DO THE JOB THAT OTHERS CAN’T DO!” we chanted. “WE DO THE JOB THAT OTHERS CAN’T DO!” we sang.
“Well!” called Free Love, bringing church into this. “Well, Lord!”
“WE DO THE JOB THAT OTHERS CAN’T DO!” we danced.
“Not going to pick up your trash?” I asked Vontavious.
To this Vontavious sighed. He eyed us as if he were watching an exceptionally compelling documentary, sympathetic to our dancing reality but nonetheless glad he was getting the fuck up out of it.
Walking away from us all (and his dirty handkerchief still on the ground, which Free Love picked up and placed into a bin), Vontavious remarked, “Garbage men. Great job. Promising career. Gotta respect the niggerishness of it.”
One of his followers gasped and then gasped again to Vontavious’ decree: “Brand his face with a Vee, bonus ten thousand. And when the video gets posted, hashtag Vee for Victory.”
Both crews stood beneath the sun rays of a Saturday morning, uncertain of what move to make. We watched Vontavious get into his sports car, entering the passenger’s side with considerable care for his injured arm. He was driven away, the hippie chick behind the wheel.
“The hippie chick,” I said to myself, attaining enlightenment. “It’s a wonder. She. Is a they.”
“Mayhap,” said Free Love, more interested in the encroaching goons than my gender intuition. Looking at the hungry crowd, confused, he pondered, “Shouldn’t we be running? I’m standing here with a swap-meet crossbow in my hand, equipped for everything but a stern talking-to. From Vontavious, I mean. The stern talking-to. That’s a lot to unpack. Hmm... Still. What are we up to now, boys? Fifteen thousand dollars per toe?”
A goon gnawed open his own top lip, to which Free Love remarked:
“Good googly-moogly! Fellas, we should’ve been running three pages ago!”
15. Saturday Morning Cartoons
The flight of The Jump Out Boys began the moment one of The Violators raised his phone to commence video recording. Five hundred dollars per broken finger was the bounty their leader Vontavious had put on me. If someone branded my face with a Vee, a bonus of ten thousand dollars was promised in exchange for my torched flesh.
I was the first to start running.
Both our crew and our foes took to the same street away from the gas station. We fought as we ran, exchanging sideways punches and sprinting kicks, cheetah-dodging in between honking cars. Observers, of which there were plenty on a sunny Saturday morning in The Bottoms, witnessed what Free Love would later dub “The Payment Plan Olympics.”
Sprinting and punching, sprinting and punching.
Jaguar-jumps!
Leopard-leaps!
The thirty-plus in pursuit surged to a forty-plus in pursuit, a fifty-plus, and now a sixty-plus in a gallop behind the racing seven. Behold…
Came hurdles!
“More bounty hunters!” warned Efrem Felix.
He called our attention to the incoming pack of chasers, yelling as we dashed, “The fuck did all these women come from?”
“That’s a softball team!” shouted Free Love, laughing. “Ha! Ha! Them Ladyjacks! Broke bitches with softball bats! Neck Bones, isn’t that your mother back there?”
“Momma!” confirmed Neck Bones, looking back without breaking his stride.
“I do love The Bottoms!” testified Potted Meat Patel, giggling as he ran. “I do love The Bottoms!”
We cornered a car wash and suddenly Tube Socks screeched, “Oh, snap! I’m wearing the store-brand generics! Didn’t think we’d be running!” The elastic of his knee-high tube socks could not withstand the pace. They snapped. Down came the socks. Tube Socks tripped and a woman pounced, leaping onto his back, downing him as if he were an injured gazelle.
“I’m got!” cried Tube Socks.
“Ha! Ha!” laughed Free Love, running past the pile-up. “That’s what you get for buying ten-for-a-dollar footwear, Tube Socks, you two bowls of un-Frosted Mini-Wheats eating, discount spreadable cheese loving rascal! Benji, break left!”
Already dodging the punch, I veered in accordance with Free Love’s warning. A passing car clipped me as the Violator who had thrown the running punch steadily gained ground. I heard dogs barking. Turning my head as I ran, I saw the nearest Violator at first, Efrem Felix racing in at an angle. I struggled to catch my breath.
“Pot head!” accused Efrem Felix, commenting on my gasping. “I can end this with a shot!”
I attempted to retort, coughed instead.
“Complication!” shouted Neck Bones, suddenly dashing up beside us. “Efrem Felix! Rottweilers!”
Indeed, there appeared a pack of dogs joining the chase. That they were feral canines who saw a bunch of people running down the street and followed was more likely a reality than that the dogs belonged to our pursuers. Wild dogs had become another Bottoms fixture as of late.
“No guns!” I commanded Efrem Felix, suddenly vocal. “We’ll use the old ways! One last steer, captain?” I requested of our leader.
“Don’t wreck us!” consented Efrem Felix, nodding.
“Potted Meat Patel!” I summoned.
“On it!” confirmed Potted Meat Patel.
The nearest Violator took two more swings at me that failed to connect. On the second dodge, I ducked just in time as Efrem Felix, charging ahead, jutted his left arm out laterally in front of the runner, taking him out with a clothesline classic. Free Love swooped in from the perimeter, paused long enough to stomp on the fallen foe and then took off running again in flight from the chasing Rottweilers and women and Violators and some of everybody and them, our unfathomable hunters.
My stamina gave out. My hat flew off. I couldn’t catch my breath. The least athletic amongst all crews, puff puff pass regardless, there was no way the pursuers wouldn’t be on me next, especially the feral dogs. That’s when I saw Potted Meat Patel finally produce cans of meat from his pockets. Christ Said That Through Kwan caught one of them, Efrem Felix caught another, and then the three of them, on my shouted count, pulled the aluminum tabs, letting fly the aromatic grenades of distraction.
“Kippers!” laughed Potted Meat Patel. “Red herring snacks! Better than the shortening?”
“Better than the shortening!” verified Free Love, laughing as the trans fats he tossed lay un-slipped upon by our pursuers. “I’m going to hold onto these banana peels, though! Spare everybody the disappointment!”
The dogs took the bait, leaving us free of them and the pursuers who stumbled over the chowing dogs, granting us distance to continue our escape. Our escape?
Bang went the cherry bombs! Rock went the rockets! Detonated a moon dazzler exploding rainbows overhead as a Jump let fly smoke grenades full of my purple aswirl, my purple haze!
Laughing, I found myself enjoying the craziness. We all were laughing as we sped from the horde of unlikely bounty hunters. Even Efrem Felix was laughing. It was a brief return to the days of play play, fleeting but nonetheless fun, our pathetic parade.
And with that in mind, I did something stupid. Maybe it was the adrenaline? Maybe it was the weed? Maybe it was a death wish? Ennui?
Whatever inspired me to suddenly break off from the chase, to take the first upcoming alley as an escape route with no one near, my inspiration, a mystery to me, my second wind propelled my flight. So long to The Bottoms. Sayonara to The Jumps. Hit the road, Jack.
I ran and then I walked and then I ran and then I laughed and then I ran.
Past the apocalypse of my prison, up from slavery, out beyond the sectors, I acknowledge no bounds.
16. There and Back Again
Eventually, I made it out of The Bottoms and, owing to the heroics of my friends, I made it out with nine of my fingers and most of my face intact. By JOB, not a gunshot was fired, though I did learn what an assault rifle sounds like in real life.
Pretty fucking loud, that’s how it sounds!
We laughed at our final adventures. I laughed up until my right ring finger was severed (and I wound up in the hospital, seen by my sister, who definitely did not laugh). We laughed until it was indeed and tragically time for our fellowship to put away our childish things.
17. Coda
I am now an age removed from the last days of play play. The moon, in the seventh house, shines down upon me as I continue to write, as I yet create, still striving for growth, released from doubt in my dotage. I am now a believer.
Regardless of the merits of Vontavious’ speech (debatable), he, like all who dismiss us people of The Bottoms, spoke remiss in not acknowledging the revelation — as I testify beneath the dawning sun of this new age — the revelation affirming that our people shall forever ascend:
We are not from The Bottoms.
We were never from The Bottoms.
Knuckleheads Save a Baby
Marquis saw the baby in the back of the burning car.
He did absolutely nothing — for an instant. 
For an instant, Marquis’ running buddy, Rahlo, stood speechless beside him in the grocery store parking lot. The temperature was ninety-eight degrees before noon, the day was the first Monday in August. With nothing more than window glass between the sun and the car’s crying occupant, the men both knew that it was hell inside that car. Marquis had seen a news story every summer about children and dogs trapped in parked vehicles. He had to think. He had to act. 
“But that ain’t no baby!” Rahlo stammered, his eyes jumping from the car to Marquis to the grocery store then back to the car. “That ain’t no baby?” he repeated, this time questioning the fast-food sacks and the crushed beer cans, the rusty tools and the dirty rags and the empty cigarette cartons that cluttered the obsolete vehicle. “That. Ain’t? No. Baby!” was Rahlo’s final assessment, squawked while he danced out his frenzy.
The front windows were completely rolled up. The window behind the driver’s seat had been replaced by a black garbage bag. The fourth window, right-side back, had been lowered about three inches. Marquis made a quick assessment. He sprinted around to the other side of the sedan, toward the garbage bag taped in place of the missing window. His wits rebounded from the shock of the discovery, enough to try the car door handle before attempting to claw off the bag. Upon opening, the vehicle yawned its steaming hellmouth, a sauna-fog smell of shit and vomit. Marquis, mindful of the need for hurry, immediately got blocked by a wave of venting heat.
The baby had been throwing up. It stank of rancid formula. It stank of feces, too, and Marquis saw the dark-stained diaper, saw that it probably had needed changing before the baby’s caretaker had left it in the car. Fecal milk smell plus the fast-food onions mixed with the motor oil odor of the old car innards were too much to stomach.
“Oh, God,” croaked Rahlo. He skipped away backwards from the car, bent over and puked. “Oh, God. Oh, Jesus. It’s in my mouth! The smell is in my mouth!”
Into the back seat Marquis reached, carefully lifting the infant. A boy, maybe? A few weeks old, definitely. Tiny, trembling, and crying, its diaper was loaded and its skin was hot to the touch. It could no longer sweat? It could only pant like a dog? Marquis felt the baby’s heart beating so rapidly that it vibrated his palms as he pulled it out of the car. A racially ambiguous child, its lighter skin tone contrasted with the dark, deeply scarred arms that held it. 
“Thank God,” said Rahlo, walking back to the scene. He called Marquis’ attention to a woman pushing a cart out of the grocery store. That woman was not the baby’s mother. That woman looked too kempt, was dressed too suburban, an affluent white woman walking out of an affluent grocery store that affluent white people frequented. 
Before they had stumbled upon this emergency, Marquis suspected that he and Rahlo had been walking toward a problematic grocery store because they had just walked through a problematic neighborhood to get to it. Their neighborhood grocery store in The Bottoms, their rundown and dingy grocery store in The Bottoms, didn’t carry the almond flour nor the monk-fruit sweetener Marquis wanted to try for his new diet. He and his buddy Rahlo had taken this Monday morning journey toward what would’ve most likely been a problematic shopping experience anyway, regardless of their saving a baby from a hot car death. 
“You’re not supposed to be here, either,” said Marquis to the crying baby. Its skin tone, biracial most likely, didn’t make it alien to this part of town. What made the baby misplaced, according to Marquis’ thinking, was the condition of the car in which the child had been abandoned. No way did that woman pushing the cart out of the store own a four-wheeled dumpster like the one they were standing near.  
And now she was looking at the two black men.
And the car.
And the baby.
“Get your phone out,” said Marquis to Rahlo. “Tap on your camera. And whatever you do, don’t stop recording.”
*
“They’re going to want a story,” Marquis said to Rahlo while attempting to hold the baby properly. 
The woman who had approached them was now on her phone, calling 911. Dang, this was a mess. Not even police gave Marquis pause like the nosey people he predicted would soon follow police to the scene. In this part of town, Hyde Park citizens patrolled their Hyde Park neighborhood as if they were an army. This white lady probably would’ve been calling the cops on Marquis and Rahlo just for being in this neighborhood, period, let alone for being in this neighborhood next to an unpleasant car and an unwanted baby. Out here in these particular suburbs, the residents employed private security officers, so, along with the cops, three armies defended this historic neighborhood Marquis and Rahlo had stupidly approached, and that wasn’t even counting the surveillance drones of the HOA. 
“A story?” squeaked Rahlo, giving his panic a tour of the woman on her phone. “We saw this baby trapped in a hot car! That’s the story! Knuckleheads save a baby! That’s the story!” 
Rahlo lowered his voice as if the woman’s ongoing phone conversation with the police was just a ruse for her to eavesdrop. “I mean…it ain’t like we were up to no good or nothing. See? We don’t need no story, Key. The truth is the truth! Knuckleheads save a baby!”
“A story,” Marquis sighed, wanting so badly to just hand the baby off to this woman and run. The infant was wearing a tiny superhero shirt, an ill-fitting diaper, and putrid-smelling fecal smears around its seared little legs. It wailed so powerfully, was in such pain, that it quaked Marquis’ biceps. 
“Background,” the former quarterback continued. “They’re just going to want a story, Rahlo. That’s what people want from heroes. An origin story. This is going to be on the news, ain’t it?”
“The news?” Rahlo stuttered. “Ah, man. I wasn’t even thinking about your mess, Key. Let’s just get out of here.”
His mess. His mess, indeed. Before Marquis could say, “Too late,” the police cruiser had already arrived. A second police car followed and then came paramedics in a Fast Response Vehicle, an ambulance, another police cruiser, white citizens in golf carts, three flying surveillance drones, and two fire trucks. And then came the real crowd.
And with the real crowd, to Marquis, it was opening day all over again. “Yay, team,” he whispered to the baby whose life they may or may not have saved. The game was too close to call.
“Are you recording?” Marquis asked Rahlo.
*
While a sophomore in college, his starting year on the football team, Marquis had killed his nascent career. He had been drinking at a keg party, had gotten behind the wheel of his truck, had crashed his truck into the side of an apartment building down the street. An attempt to brace himself for the impact by gripping the steering wheel resulted in his right arm being shattered, pulverized between elbow and wrist. It was the arm with which he threw the football, that’s the arm he nearly lost. 
Partygoers screamed, yelled, stood by in shock. Unintentional of course was the accident, but it must not have seemed that way because Marquis, in his inebriation, kept gunning the vehicle forward, stomping the gas pedal instead of the brakes. The black quarterback, the rising hope of the predominately white college, had to be yanked out of the truck by a quick-thinking spectator. The quarterback did not have to be beaten, but he was, and he was beaten viciously by the angry mob of white witnesses. They beat him, they later said on the news, for the sake of the people that he had narrowly avoided hitting with his truck. 
It took minutes of violence before Marquis was recognized as their star football player. By then, his already-shattered radius and ulna had been repeatedly stomped upon by the frat, so much so that his lower arm swung loosely from its elbow, barely attached by a jelly of bloody black skin. 
Yeah, when witnesses become a mob, Marquis considered as the ambulance now exited the parking lot with the baby. When witnesses become a mob, when heroes become villains…
Who were they to this parking lot crowd? From the grocery store, from the yoga studio, from the coffee shop, from the crystal hut, from the Smart Air dispensary, from the CBD mart, from the home security sellers, from the small movie theater showing the big comic book movie, from the entire rich people mini-mall a crowd was now gathering around the infant’s former oven, the superheated car from which it had been saved by these two young black males. Who were Marquis and Rahlo meant to be? Out of their element. In the wrong part of town. 
For a sack of almond flour?
“The baby was in this heat for how long?” Marquis heard one guy ask. The one guy was white, as were the now ten people surrounding the black former quarterback and his black friend.
“Any amount of time in a hot car is too long,” said another spectator, solemnly. “Poor thing, bless her heart. It was a girl, wasn’t it?” 
Came an awkward silence. Marquis looked at Rahlo. Rahlo looked at Marquis. They should’ve walked over to the police and reported their part in the matter, but reporting anything to the police never seemed prudent. It had taken multiple transfers on an hour-long city bus trip to get them here, out here to this alien subdivision with its alien markers of alien history. Hyde Park, they called it. The Bottoms was what people called the part of the city from where their bus trip had begun. The Bottoms was their home. Grocery stores there sold gray meat and greasy fried chicken and the only flour available for purchase was Gold Medal grandma flour. 
Marquis’ grandmother, who had raised him and with whom he now lived again following his release from the hospital two years ago (he’d eventually withdrawn from college), Marquis’ grandmother was also a reason they had braved this journey. Sports nutrition had become his internet research obsession during the long months of Marquis’ recovery. He came to understand that improved blood sugar regulation and weight loss could also benefit his ailing grandmother, as well as optimize his convalescence. Sober, he hoped to make a comeback to the football field, perhaps at a smaller school with less partying and more prayer. 
The food desert that was The Bottoms precluded access to fresh fruit and vegetables. Out here in the suburbs existed an oasis of progressive food science. A farmers’ market. A growers’ co-op. People were talking up that Ezekiel 4:9 Bread, the sprouted grain bread they claimed was Bible-based. His grandmother wanted to try some, and they carried it out here in the suburbs but not in the stores in the Bottoms. It would be an exaggeration to say that their corner market in The Bottoms only sold liquor and cigarettes. They sold Black and Mild cigars, too. 
Almond flour was expensive compared to the Gold Medal flour back in their inner-city neighborhood, yet Marquis had allocated enough of his unemployment checks to at least experiment. Hopefully, better food would help his grandmother get off her high blood pressure medication. Stories she had told him about the squash and the collards and the okra they used to grow in their garden out in the country when she was a child fascinated Marquis, yet those stories had also triggered a frustration within him when he had first seen the thirty-dollar sandwiches (purchased via credit card only) and the micro-aggressive eyes constantly surveilling him at the Hyde Park farmers’ market. Did they watch him because he was black or because he was famous or because he was infamous? The university football team, the pride of the state, had never recovered from losing Marquis The Master Key. Who was he of use to now that he longer played sports? He was like an old key on a key chain, that key whose lock had long been forgotten.
Two years later and most days he still wished that he had died in that wreck.
*
Maybe they wouldn’t want a story after all, hoped Marquis. Maybe the coming inquisition was all in his head. Maybe his Generalized Anxiety Disorder was acting up and these white folks were non-threatening and just white folks who happened to be shopping for groceries like folks do. They can’t all be like the white people Marquis saw in the viral internet videos harassing black people in public. Marquis had been diagnosed with Anxiety Disorder in second grade, consistent with environmental Bottoms trauma, and he had been again diagnosed with Anxiety Disorder at the predominately white college he had attended. So maybe what was happening now was all in his head. As long as the baby had been saved from the hot car, that’s all that mattered, right?  
One Guy took it upon himself to investigate.
“What were you two doing out here?” the white man demanded, eye-fucking the two black men in an attempt to establish dominance.
Marquis remained silent, maintained a steady gaze.
“About to go in the grocery store and shop!” spat Rahlo, decidedly unsteady. “I was about to buy me some Fagin Fries, partner! Ever heard of them? Deep-fried Rap snacks? Hot heat, salt and sweet? It’s the gluten you, what? It’s the gluten you, what? It’s the gluten you need when you need to feed!”
Laughter erupted from the majority of the ten-now-fifteen-now-twenty-plus white people gathered around the junky sedan from which the baby had been rescued. Inspector One Guy, though, who Marquis knew had recognized him, did not laugh. The woman who had called 911 must have picked up on Grand Inquisitor One Guy’s vibe because she now too had that disappointed look on her face. She has my story, Marquis thought. She has one of my stories, the DUI origin story that lit up those suddenly suspicious, hypervigilant eyes, her inspecting blue eyes. 
“The Master Key!” Detective One Guy announced, smirking. “You’re Marquis The Master Key! Used to play for the university! Where you been at, buddy?” 
That last piece was more of a declaration than a question, said with such emphasis that it sounded like accusation instead of inquisition, which, Marquis suspected, was Detective One Guy’s intent. This was the turn. Zero the hero. When heroes become villains become whatever the two knuckleheads were to these people now, this was the turn of the key from curiosity to fear, from familiar to other. Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Marquis observed himself think. It’s like your therapist says. Non-threat. Non-threat. It’s all in your head, Key. Breathe, buddy.
I can’t breathe!
Buddy, just breathe. 
*
Was the baby still alive? Much like his college football playing days, to Marquis it felt like another lifetime since he and Rahlo had rescued the baby from the hot car. Now they found themselves detained in the grocery store parking lot, surrounded by a crowd of investigating white people. The cops were questioning the woman who had called 911. They were due to question Marquis and Rahlo, though the mob of Hyde Park citizens surrounding had already started the interview.
Instead of speaking, Marquis answered Detective One Guy’s question of “where he had been” by thinking. The Master Key loved to think. He loved to freeze time, to pause the stadium world of teammates and opposing players and coaches and sideline staff and cheerleaders and stadium crowds and stadium cameras. “The Master Key,” the sports analysts had dubbed Marquise in reference to the quarterback’s mental processing power, his ability to unlock any line of defense. Had he opened up the hot car in time? Was the baby still alive? Had they gotten it to the hospital? 
Focus, Key, focus, Marquis thought to himself. An army surrounds us and they just want to know why The Bottoms are in Hyde Park, that’s all. Folks just standing their ground like folks do. Thirty-plus white folks gathered around two young black males in the parking lot of a grocery store that catered to affluent white people and affluent Asian people. Record heat. Historical neighborhood. Yoga studio and Smart Air dispensary nearby. A trio of surveillance drones hovered above the scene, recognizing faces, uploading faces. “Return to your sector,” Marquis imagined the drones ordering the two black men, “Return to your sector,” but in reality:  
“Chipotle!” cackled Rahlo. “Chipotle! Sriracha! Fagin done gotcha! I see you like that sweet heat, huh?” 
Rahlo was entertaining the crowd, distracting them by engaging a little boy in a superhero T-shirt who was eating from a bag of Fagin Fries. On the package? The face of a regional rapper and known gangster who had become so famous, his black face branded a potato chip line, of all things. That high sodium crud, the Fagin Fries, Marquis knew they could have gotten in their Bottoms grocery store, the one where the police cars gathered even before the store opened for business in the morning. 
“I’m a sweet-heat man myself,” admitted Rahlo, earning more laughter and more time for Marquis to think them out of this pocket, to think of what not to say to the approaching police officers. “Sweet-heat barbeque chips and a cold, cold soda. Grape drank. Old school. Recess style. Ain’t that right, Key?”
Rahlo didn’t give his quarterback time to answer, went right on entertaining the crowd with some nonsense about modern-day energy drinks versus old-school Kool-Aid versus garden hose water. Impromptu stand-up. Half-time tap dance. Survival tactic. Rahlo was doing a great job of blocking, of giving his quarterback time to think. Thinking was the key. Indeed, the key to the football playing skills of Marquis The Master Key had been his ability to quickly predict the moves of his opponents, to measure the game of inches, of increments, of instances, with an exact precision, a science of dodging tackles, avoiding interceptions, running, scrambling, flying across the field of play. He had honed that skill in certain public spaces just like the one they were standing in now. The fields of certain public spaces were fields of peril, of ever-defensive players. Mentally dodge the white college coed who would tighten the strap of her backpack when Marquis walked past. Mentally block the white campus security guard and the light-skinned Latino security guard who would try to stare him down, eye-fuck him when Marquis walked past.
It’s all in your head, Marquis, he told himself. After the cops finish questioning us, we can leave this place and never return. We can leave this place and never return.
*
The cops had now taken Marquis and Rahlo away from the crowd and nearer their cruisers for questioning. The two black men reported what had happened: they had heard the baby, they had seen the baby, they had rescued the baby. The police officers ended their interview of the two black men and moved onto other witnesses. The mob then surrounded the heroes again before the duo could escape. 
Whereas the cops seemed satisfied with Marquis and Rahlo’s story, the Hyde Park citizens did not. Suspicion. Apprehension. Detain. Detain. That One Guy was back, the one who acted like he was the head of their neighborhood watch or something. With a cannister of Smart Air in hand, he was determined to get to the bottom of things, crack the case like the cases got cracked on television.
“I keep wondering what they were doing here,” the man said, rubbing his chin while scanning the junky car. “Did you two break that window?”
“And put a garbage bag over it?” protested Rahlo. “Dude, really? I ain’t even must believing this! This car doesn’t have a stereo!”
“I’m feeling uncomfortable,” a white woman holding a tiny dog whispered to another white woman holding a tiny dog. “Do you feel safe, Periwinkle Siobhan? Periwinkle Siobhan, I don’t feel safe.”
“Safe?” yelled Rahlo, hopping up and down. “My friend here just saved a baby from a hot car death! How much safety do you need, lady?”
“Loud,” the white woman, Periwinkle Siobhan, whispered. “I feel a threat. I have anxiety. Ugh, I am so over trauma porn. Breathing in, I know that I am breathing in. Breathing out, I know that I am breathing out.”
“What?” chirped Rahlo, exasperated.
The white woman, Periwinkle Siobhan, breathing, abruptly removed her pants and stooped down and defecated onto the grocery store parking lot. With impunity and without consequence, she relieved her bowels in public, a freedom granted by legislation to all white women, given that a black person was around to wipe and clean her bottom. Rahlo, exasperated, took the hit this time, producing his sanitizing cloths as she whistled, impatient. Before he finished, Rahlo slipped in her feces twice, amusing the crowd with the unintentional slapstick of his state-prohibited dignity. “Is that how you do that dance?” asked the little white boy in the superhero T-shirt, attempting to copy Rahlo’s slipsliding moves. Marquis lowered his head. This unpleasantness ended with the white woman criticizing Rahlo all the way to the garbage bin to toss her excrement. They returned and the inquisition progressed.
“So he admits that the stereo is missing,” One Guy deduced, tapping his Smart Air straw against his forehead. “Intriguing development.”
“Oh, you have got to be kidding me!” shouted Rahlo. “Marquis, dude, let’s get out of here! Marquis!”
But Marquis couldn’t move. Marquis froze time. Time had frozen Marquis. He was back behind the wheel of his truck, re-experiencing the wreck, trashed, speeding down the party night avenue as he hydroplaned on alcohol and his prescription anti-anxiety medications. He was back in The Bottoms. He was avoiding the gangs, the dope boys, the police. He was praying under the bed with his grandmother and her Bible as the gunshots were fired every night in their Bottoms neighborhood. He was back on campus, back to explaining to a security officer why he was walking on the quad at this hour (9 a.m.). He was back at the opening game. Giant foam keys in the stands. Knuckleheads save a baby. 
“They broke that window,” One Guy asserted, reaching his final conclusion. “Periwinkle Siobhan, you hold my Smart Air. Your shit literally does not stink. Now I’m going to search under the car for shattered glass, Periwinkle Siobhan, you sexy, odorless motherfucker. Periwinkle Siobhan, I’m ga-ga-going in!”
Arrived the baby’s parent, dragged from a nearby apartment complex in which she had been hiding. The mob had found her. The mob rules. 
By now the cops and the emergency responders had left the scene. As Marquis had correctly predicted, the residents around these parts had a knack for out-policing the police, and that’s exactly what they had done — a mob of Hyde Park citizens had hunted the negligent white mother of the racially ambiguous baby who had been left unattended in a wrong car in their right neighborhood on this hot August day. 
Rahlo was no hero. Never pretended to be. Rahlo scampered from the parking lot the instant someone threw the first can. Seven pounds, two ounces. A big baby boy. Pork and beans in tomato sauce. 
The mother screamed when the hurled can carved a chunk from her forehead and she saw her blood splatter onto the asphalt, the superheated asphalt over which they dragged her, kicking and crying to her junky old car. The intent of the Hyde Park citizens’ patrol, as they later argued on the news, was to rub her drug-snorting nose in her unfit parental shame. That’s how they learn, don’t they? The only way to train a dog is to beat a dog. Undoubtedly, the bitch had been in that apartment getting high while her baby was out here roasting in the hot car. And that “hero,” the Hyde Park citizens’ patrol later argued on the news, he had a history. Oh, buddy, did he have a history. The ball chucker. What was he doing here in the first place? He could no longer play sports, could no longer entertain, so what use was he to them? Dead weight on a key chain. Dead weight is a key chain. The time has come for us to implement biometric fingerprint authentication, Periwinkle Siobhan, that’ll keep us safe (until they start chopping off our fingers!). 
The next thrown can, Marquis caught. 
Act now, Marquis! Marquis, you have to move!
Hut! Hut! Hut!
The woman who had taken the child from them, the third hero who had called 911 on her phone, she was now using the device to video this violence. She was yelling for the violence to stop. She was yelling for the violence to stop. 
And thus up from the Bottoms to right here in Hyde Park, Marquis The Master Key now locked himself in a defender’s stance between the Hyde Park citizens army and The Bottoms car into which the lynch mob was attempting to return the baby’s mother. At the door with the missing window, the justice league rammed her head straight through the taped-on trash bag. Marquis was punched in the face then tackled by two, then three, then the rest of the avengers. He was beaten. He was downed. With impunity, the mob manipulated his limbs with excessive force until the quarterback appeared to be taking a knee. 
Subsequently incarcerated, he must have done something wrong, somewhere, some when (Toldja, Periwinkle Siobhan!) because they threw away the key.
*
Two weeks after Marquis was jailed, his grandmother barely survived a stroke. She had to be placed in a long-term care facility. 
She is beaten nightly by underpaid African American staff who are tired of having to drag her fat old country self from out under her bed every time a damned food tray gets dropped. Bottoms trauma, thinking the sound is a gunshot.
“Ugh, I am so over trauma porn,” sighs Periwinkle Siobhan. “Breathing Smart Air in, I know that I am smart within. Breathing Smart Air out, I know that I am smart without.”
Tanesha
After work that day, the first thing Bertram did when he arrived back at his extended-stay hotel room was select the pictures of his female coworkers to post online. The website he posted to was dedicated to guys masturbating to involuntary pornography, voyeuristic creep shots, revenge porn, deepfaked company profile pics and images yanked from social media accounts. Preferably, the submitted photos were candid. In other words, these were hidden camera images of Sherry the Secretary, Tanesha from Marketing, and Hyacinth-Who-Hated-Him being uploaded from Bertram’s hard drive (the external hard drive he dedicated to his porn). 
So what were these digital pics on which Bertram clicked, semi-aroused and manic and focused upon like no amount of office work he had ever done?
Why, it’s “Bare Legs on a Bench! Sherry at The Potluck in the Park!” “Twerking Instead of Working?!? Check Out Tanesha Dancing During Lunch Break!” 
Now making him rock hard was Bertram’s favorite caption, the description accompanying the creep shot he had taken of a coworker bending over a copy machine, the caption which stated, “All Boner, No Toner! Uh-oh, here’s Hyacinth-Who-Hates-Me repairing yet another one of my paper jams! Oh, Hyacinth, you gym-addicted meanie! You’re in for a jam, all right!” 
And it had been that coworker, as of late, Hyacinth-Who-Hated-Him, whose pinched and impatient face, whose firm and athletic body, whose racially ambiguous flesh now prompted Bertram to lower his hand down to his ill-fitting work slacks and make them ill-fitting no more. 
The second thing Bertram did, after cleaning himself up, was upload the rest of today’s female coworkers — captions included — then log off and discipline himself to wait for a couple of hours before he logged back onto the forum to see who had commented and/or digitally manipulated his pics. Dirty comments and dirty captions were the best and would usually send him off to sleep with another, more powerful orgasm. “Deepfakes,” as the digitally manipulated visions were referred to, were the main attraction for many of the website members, especially the images Bertram uploaded that were manipulated with professional skill, the sort of work he was proficient in, being a graphic designer on the job with these women whose faces and bodies he uploaded without their knowledge or their consent. Bertram had a talent for it, a genius for it, a history of manipulating digital images of girls during his college years, making prurient the pictures of his female classmates, their social media pictures that were not meant to be prurient, cropping and enhancing and magnifying and, more often than not, just adding penises. 
Black penises, Bertram inserted into pictures of white sorority girls, of oh, let’s say Becky and her barefoot Best Friends Forever posing in their sorority plantation house or Becky and her BFFs booted and booty-popping in their blackface “Ghetto Halloween costumes” or Becky and her BFFs heeled and sitting cross-legged in stockings at the memorial service for that first-year Asian American pledge who had killed herself. Penises inserted for all!
But after he had been busted in grad school, Bertram had retired or thought he had retired from this satanic use of his talent. But here he was, decades later — divorced and relocated in yet another new city, partaking in this latest transfer mandated by his employer, practicing his dark art in this extended-stay purgatory he dubbed The Sad Dad Hotel.
Tanesha, the married woman with whom he worked in close proximity, had — as Bertram finished his kitchenette dinner and logged back on — or rather Tanesha’s candid office photos (taken without her awareness or her consent) had earned the expected amount of very dirty and very racist comments from his fellow online website members. Bertram, who was black, didn’t usually get off to such mean-spirited posts. They took it too far. A creep shot enthusiast wanted guys to comment dirty about what they would do to the woman whose pictures were posted without the woman’s consent, but online commenters often took it too far. Nine times out of ten, when the non-consented image was of a black female — as was the case with Tanesha — someone would insert a lynching noose into the pic. When even at the lowest of his self-loathing spiral, Bertram could not witness a digital lynching without feeling triggered and ashamed of himself for participating. 
A lynching noose inserted around Tenesha’s neck, Bertram now saw on his screen. His laptop, the one dedicated to his porn, sat atop the desk where he perched uncomfortably stiff in a hard-backed chair, too tightly situated between the TV stand and the kitchenette cooking range. Tonight was a typical Tuesday work night since this recent relocation. Eight hours of the day had been spent at work. Precious hours between five p.m. and bed time, whenever that was, were allocated for masturbation. 
Bertram’s penis was in hand but it was no longer hard. He wiped the clotted lubricant onto a towel and then chucked the towel onto the closest pile of his unwashed laundry that was fermenting in a corner of this one-bed hotel room. Why did it always smell like stale cigarette smoke in these non-smoking units? It smelled like stale cigarette smoke, wet laundry, damp pet hair, and empty red wine box bladders and that Steak-umm Bertram had just heated in the microwave. And local water. Hotel rooms in other regions always smelled like their local water smell, mineral heavy yet bleach-y, like hot pool water, like semen, like chlorine. Even if he washed his laundry, his outsider clothes would smell like their funky local water smell. Like Band-Aids, that’s how their local water smelled. Fresh-from-flesh Band-Aids and mold-sprouting pipes. Moldy shower pipes. Fungal.  
These cheap hotel rooms, though, provided a bounty of roaches. Spotting several roaches crawling on the nasty brown carpet, Bertram finally exhaled and began to unwind.
Home.
So someone had digitally rendered a lynching noose around Tanesha’s neck, rendering the orgy of white dicks pasted near her smiling black face inert of any potential prurience (for Bertram, at least). This attempt to shut out his pathetic living circumstances by refocusing on his homemade pornography made Bertram feel bad. Feel worse. Feel sick. The digitally abused photo of his black coworker Tanesha made this black sad dad feel lower than the usual low he felt after watching (and climaxing to) the posted videos of random men pleasuring themselves to bodies of his female coworkers. The covert camera pictures most requested by his fellow enthusiasts were his captures of Tanesha. 
This nightly routine was shameful, Bertram conceded, yet so violently exciting that, the following morning at work, the relocated graphic designer could barely make eye contact with these women. He didn’t need to. He had hidden-video cameras installed under every desk and in every bathroom, in female and unisex office toilets. Bertram used pinhole mini-cameras, shirt button micro-cameras, silent phone spy-cameras, stalkerware installed to hack their personal home-computer cameras. A fleet of surveillance drones, even, he dispatched to follow the women to their houses and to their apartments to hover unseen high above their bedroom windows at night. 
Their home security cameras? Their virtual assistant AI tech? 
Hacked. 
The camera eye was the only eye contact that Bertram needed. His coworkers whispered about him as possibly being on the autism spectrum, he was so socially inept. Such was the life of a modern-day Peeping Tom. 
Yearly an incident would occur and yearly Bertram would be transferred to another region to work with a new marketing team. His talents, demonstrated in his legendary portfolio, were simply too profitable to terminate. His infractions were escalating, his workplaces changed, but their eyes, the eyes of his unaware victims in each new city always remained the same. As if his victimized female coworkers somehow knew what he was up to when he was back in his hotel room after work, squirming in the dark with his roaches, in front of his screens, bringing his work home with him in ways they couldn’t imagine. How could they know? Usually, the shame was worth the orgasm but not with this noose in the image. 
“Come on guys, do you have to make everything racial?” typed Bertram, contributing to their ongoing chat. “Just talk about what you want to do with her sexually, not politically. Who cares how she votes? I have a presentation with Tanesha in the morning!” he informed his internet friends then ¬— attempting to lighten the increasingly hateful tone — he typed meekly, “LOL.” They didn’t know that he was black, LOL. They didn’t know that he was Bertram, LOL.  
Tonight’s masturbation session was on the brink of being ruined. His must-see movie, The Walls Are Closing In, was about to come on, the musty mop-water odor of this Bates hotel room was making him nauseous, and Bertram needed to capture at least ten roaches if he was going to get any sleep. What time was it? How many months had he been living in this extended-stay hotel? Staying in this one-bed unit? Cooking on this range without an oven? Drinking this wine that came in a box? His penis skin ached from its third hour of constant scraping. This was the fifth separate instance of self-flagellation (the fifth time he’d masturbated that day) since Bertram had awoken that morning, including the tortuous yanking he had given his barely erect, abraded penis while parked in his car that afternoon outside the pharmacy where he had refilled his anti-depression prescriptions and had purchased three fresh boxes of red wine to drink that night. Recalling visions of the fearful blonde in the car that had been parked beside him (“Wifey No Like-y! Hot Blonde Housewife Sees My Semen Ropes Squirt!”), his memory of the flashing incident brought Bertram back on mission. His public penis exposure, his public masturbation memories of fearful and upset, angry and frightened female faces always brought him back to the mission of The Roach Head (The Roach Head being what he called himself when in crisis, when engaged in self-harm, when engaged in harming others). He now clicked on a video of some British guy masturbating to Bertram’s deepfake video of Sherry the Secretary.
Bertram moaned, shuddered, orgasmed while watching this video that enhanced his fantasies of Sherry, augmented his memories of how onion-y the secretary’s potluck stew had smelled. The meaty blonde had never commented on the red juice stains, presumably made by her kids, those awkward red juice stains that blotted the cover of her little book of inspirational quotes. What other stains would Sherry not notice? 
Exhaling his elation, Bertram hastily typed praise for the British blaster. Deepfakes had been gaining mainstream media attention as of late, thanks in part to Bertram’s contribution to the app that allowed a user to superimpose the faces of celebrities (and non-celebrities) onto the bodies of pre-existing video captures. In essence, one could now force any woman or man, living or dead, into, without their consent, any scenario and behavior one could imagine. Practitioners of the craft were posting deepfakes of John Wayne inserted into Rap videos, deepfakes of Marilyn Monroe inserted into the Zapruder Film. Required to create a deepfake video, aside from Bertram’s app, is an image, any image legitimately taken, found online, covertly snapped, hacked, stolen, via CCTV, via surveillance drone, via facial recognition technology, any image taken with or without the subject’s consent. This hobby of Bertram’s had originated in a forum for like-minded men to discuss which female celebrities, of all ages and occupations and levels of fame, that the men wanted to “do things to.” Never “with” — “to.” To Disney teens, to half-naked empowered black singers, to white female athletes, to ethnic actresses, to female liberal politicians, to female conservative news anchors. To any woman famous. To any woman not famous.
To any woman reading these words?
Such is the reach of The Roach Head. His crawl encompasses exposing himself while recording his female targets’ reactions on the subways and on the buses and on the trains, in the stores of the affluent, exposing himself while recording his female targets’ reactions in the stores of the working-poor, and exposing himself while recording his female targets’ reactions in all the parking lots, parking garages, in all the anywhere and internet-connected devices hacked and hijacked and suddenly home-invaded by the throbbing head of a big black roach.
Eventually the deepfake endeavors of Bertram and his online accomplices had been augmented by wives, ex-wives, girlfriends, relatives, random women in public, female friends, female police, former and current classmates, teachers, professors, cartoon females, video game females, photogravure females, female supervisors and female coworkers. Female coworkers, hot or not. To Bertram, females that a website member knew personally were more exciting to insert into pornographic videos than random women. The fact that none of the posted women knew anything about what these strange men were doing to them made the videos that much more intense. Exhilarating. Criminal? Bertram’s voyeurism activities, his hidden cameras, had been found and traced back to him in all of his former workplaces, yet none of his former workplaces had been compelled to report him to the police. Even when The Roach Head had been caught in public doing things to himself and to others, he had evaded being busted by law enforcement, had made it this far without having to register as a sex offender, though he had been several times assaulted by angry male companions of the women he flashed and upskirted. 
“My ex-girlfriend next!” appeared typed words from across the ocean.
“My ex-wife next!” appeared typed words from across the sea.
“My daughter next!” appeared typed words later still.
Because the internet never forgets to be.
*
Sad dads sleep in fits. 
Nearing midnight, Bertram’s daughter caught his insomnia with a phone call. Mom had failed to pay her tuition on time and now she couldn’t get into the psychology classes she needed. Bertram, if not wholly a good person but a very proud dad, listened to his daughter talk. “The talking cure,” she called it. “Connection is the cure for the disease of isolation,” she said, and so he stayed up and talked. A very proud dad, this insomniac. A wholly good husband? 
Uploaded deepfake revenge porn of his ex-wife had earned him platinum status with his website cohort. This Sad Dad Hotel, like all the other Sad Dad Hotels, were unwitting venues to unofficial “conventions” where sweaty fat dads meet in sweaty hotel rooms to debut their sweaty deepfake videos as if it were a Hollywood premier. They would hold circle-jerk sessions while viewing their epics. A female prostitute or a sex-trafficking victim would be procured for the sad dads to engage in group sex, sometimes bi-sexual group sex with the women and fellow sad dads too high and/or too drunk and/or too aroused or perhaps fully aware of their sexual fluidity enough to not decline male touch. Swingers and hook-ups and fellow sex addicts and amateur pornographers and random online forum members may or may not participate, depending on the city, depending on the hotel, depending on who wanted in and who wanted out. Participants were always an app tap away, available 24/7. Often the deepfake videos they created just played in the background. Often the hotel encounters were interracial gangbangs for voluntary white cuckolds and their piled-upon white wives. Hotel rooms would be impossibly packed. Bertram’s most satisfying hook-ups, male and female, he had met in various addiction support groups. His least successful hookup had been an online match with a black girl from The Bottoms. Their date had ended with him being driven to an ATM at knifepoint.  
When had all this started? When would all this end? In an individual counseling session, Bertram had recounted his history of experiences with pornography. He was old enough to remember his uncle’s DVDs, privileged enough to remember BitTorrent, candid enough to disclose playing with himself while watching teen sitcoms. He had shared that his hidden-camera voyeurism had begun in elementary school, back when he had obtained his first device capable of upskirting his teachers while they checked his work at his desk. He had shared that his penis flashing had begun in kindergarten, back when he had exposed himself to be seen. 
When had all this started? When would all this end?
He’d be ridiculously unprepared for tomorrow’s presentation with Tanesha — in eight, no five, no two hours! — but Tanesha, being black, being female, would be overly prepared as usual. 
It’s just a workplace fact. 
*
Nearing sunup, Bertram finally got off the phone with his sad daughter, the sad dad listening as his sad daughter ended their sad talk with prayer. Always she prayed to God for her father’s recovery — his hoped-for recovery from alcohol addiction, from opioid addiction, from sex addiction, from misogyny, from self-hatred, from his internalized racism that resulted in thousands of dollars spent on race-play porn. She asked him if he had attended a meeting in the new city. He lied. 
Bertram now reclined on the dirty hotel bed, its mattress that smelled like armpits, its gummy blankets that smelled like booze, its pillows that were too stiff and damp for heads no longer able to dream. He spent thousands of dollars on pornography a month, thousands of dollars on the specialty videos that satisfied his various fetishes, thousands of dollars spent that precluded stays in hotels befitting his income. The roaches were better here, anyway. Bigger roaches. A bounty of roaches. Cockroaches. 
“$58 a night!” read the sign on the other side of the blinds. “Extended stay, from $200 a week! Ask about our military and government traveler discount! Monthly rates available! Always innovating!”
One of his neckties, the faux silk embarrassment that his ex-wife had cautioned him not to buy, one of his neckties hung on the outer knob of the bathroom door. Who even wore ties to the office these days? Awkwardly pearl-toned and shiny, it reflected the flashing of the hotel sign. Off and on throughout the night, Bertram had stared at its shimmering length. It reminded him of how out-of-sync he felt, wearing old-fashioned neckties to work while strapped with enough next-level surveillance technology to turn every female in the world into Linda Lovelace. 
How long had he been here exactly? Where was that stupid tie in the rotation of his work outfits? Maybe I could pull it off, Bertram thought amidst the beta unrest of computer screen mental looping. Maybe I’ll wear it one more time, and I’ll show her I wasn’t wrong about that neck piece. I can wash my work clothes in the sink and they won’t smell. 
I’ll show her.
*
So in the morning, Bertram went off to work, laptop secure, eager to earn back karma by looking his violated coworker Tanesha in her eyes during their team presentation that day. He thought about his drinking history as he drove. He was hung-over as he drove. His porn history, he contemplated, too. Maybe he would go to a meeting. As found online, there were meetings for substance addicts, meetings for recent divorcees, and meetings for sex addicts on his route to work. In fact, there were several meetings he could make in time, but he felt like he may still be drunk and he was definitely still horny. He didn’t want to walk in like that. He still smelled of sex, reeked of it, the sex having been with some random’s wife or some random’s sex-trafficking victim or some random love addict who had given him something random to fill. 
In his car now, the depressed working man passed a firetruck and, for some reason, it made Bertram yawn. Was it a dream or had he been standing outside of his hotel just after sunup, awaiting the firemen’s permission to re-enter the building? Was that a police car behind him now? How long had this gospel music been playing on his vehicle’s audio? Bertram was groggy from fitful sleep. Screen fixation, unchecked, overstimulates the brain, according to Hyacinth-Who-Hated-Him. The physically-perfect gym rat hated him and his man-boob break room talk of bug collecting. 
“I sent the link to the survey!” Bertram shouted to imagined-Hyacinth as he turned into his workplace parking lot, narrowly avoiding crashing into IRL-Hyacinth as she turned in at the same time. His sudden onset of delusion he credited to his years-long insomnia, to his being on the phone all night, being a proud dad to his daughter. “The talking cure,” she called it. “Connection is the cure for the disease of isolation,” she said. No, Hyacinth, he argued to imagined-Hyacinth, I have not been up all night playing online video games. Well…maybe I have been up all night playing online video games. 
Or masturbating.
Or having sex in a packed hotel room with people who don’t go to the gym as often as you go to the gym. 
Or up all night drinking and drugging.
Or up all night collecting bugs.
Bertram owned a gun that he kept in the glove compartment of his car. Bertram owned two external hard drives of the same brand and model. Work drive. Porn drive. He had thought they were distinct enough to not confuse the two, but maybe he wanted to be caught? To be exposed? To expose himself? He had brought both drives to work. He must have been really out of it this morning to have done something so risky. Just imagine if Hyacinth-Who-Hated-Him had a clue that she was sitting only two desks away from a deepfake video of her getting sealed airtight by a gang of amateur and professional and deceased porn stars, including John Holmes.
Just imagine.
*
Bertram corrected the hard-drive mix-up before their presentation and Tanesha covered for his sleep-deprived delivery. None of his female coworkers looked up at the presentation to see themselves digitally inserted into scenes of hardcore pornography, to see their creep shots taken in the very conference room in which they were now sitting, the miniscule cameras hidden underneath the conference table around which they were now sitting, the lenses recording and remotely broadcasting live the content between their legs. Tanesha did not see her lynching noose. 
Close call. 
Closest yet. 
But everything had turned out fine. Even Hyacinth, who wrinkled her nose at Bertram’s pungent sex smell, even his office nemesis acknowledged his expertise. Even his tie had been a hit. Even his masturbation session during lunch break — his first time escalating to actually abusing himself on the job, (not just fantasizing about it but actually doing it!) his pleasure and his self-harming pain enhanced by having brought his porn drive to work — even the violent scraping went well, though sweaty as he hunched over and, with the metal teeth of his workplace badge clip, pinched open the head of his flaccid penis as he sat on the toilet. Smelling the toilet. Smelling his own penis blood. Smelling the pungent sex smell of last night’s love addict. Smelling his own red alcohol diarrhea. He slit up the shaft of his penis with the metal teeth of his workplace badge clip, from base to tip, sliced open his penis just enough to air out the bug meat, to free the sausage from the casing, to free The Roach Head from the memories of when he used to place roaches on his thing when he was a child. He continued to place roaches on this thing now as an adult. Crawling, their tiny roach feet feel so good.  
How many times had he masturbated today? Five. No, six. Five. How long had he been slapping at this aching thing that would not, would not get hard? He slapped it like his mother had to slap it. She had to slap it often when Bertram was a child. She had to slap his little penis to knock off the roaches. Roaches and rats had infested their dirty yellow house in The Bottoms. Ashamed of their circumstances, his mother, his working-poor, single mother would scream and pray and cry to God when she walked in on her baby putting roaches on his thing. No, Hyacinth, my being is not Mother’s fault, says The Roach Head. Mother shan’t be blamed for anything. Mother is a saint. Drive down from your affluent subdivision, Hyacinth, and you try raising a boy by yourself in one of those dirty Bottoms houses, those dirty Bottoms houses in which even the charity-volunteer-cleaners puke as they tread the filth. Besides, The Roach Head doesn’t blame women, Hyacinth, my love. There is no one to blame for The Roach Head’s birth. I retain a vivid memory of myself as a roach egg spat deep within my mother’s womb. For, I am The Roach Head, wide-eyed, inspecting as I scuttle up and out from the hole. Quality assurance, not blame. Isn’t that your department, Hyacinth-Who-Hates-Me? How many more times are you going to remind poor Bertram to send out the link to the client satisfaction survey?
Not many more times, I can assure you, says The Roach Head to the enclosing bathroom stall.
*
He pinched it now, skinned it now. He did this in a workplace bathroom stall while streaming a video on his phone of a previously uploaded video of his workplace bathroom stall. 
Scopophilia, Bertram argued in his imagined legal defense, scopophilia and the intersection of his obsessions and compulsions. Environmental trauma. Poverty. Neglect. When as a preadolescent, he had first started inspecting his unconscious mother when checking her for assurance that she was still breathing, that his mother was still alive on the couch or not dead on her bed during her blackout drunks. Now Bertram, in his imagined legal defense, got political. As posited in his legal fantasy, the legal fantasy he prepared for his inevitable arrest: “Slumlords of The Bottoms, your honor, I remind you of that corporation that bought up all the houses in The Bottoms and manages none of them, maintains not a single residence, that corporation that barely repairs, never replaces, that real-estate corporation based in another state that neglects, neglects, neglects the people of The Bottoms. It is a shame, your honor, a lowdown dirty shame what those insects and rodents can do to a child. Note that I speak of actual insects and rodents, not of the corporation, your honor. Although…”
The imagined jury laughs at Bertram’s wit.
He pinched it now, skinned it now. He was in the bathroom, still. Hurt people hurt people, they say. Who had Bertrum hurt? Who had hurt him? He strove to forgive all of the world’s roaches by no-kill collecting them in his array of glass jars, and — if he finally painted red the walls of his hotel room one night, if he finally shot his brains out onto a wall — he would pre-apologize to the female cleaning staff who would have to clean up his red mess instead of the white mess he usually left behind for female cleaning staff to finger. 
The Roach Head loves when they accidentally touch it. His fondest memory of many fond memories was of the night when they (The Roach Head and poor Bertram) had been a first-year at college, that night they had crawled under the bedroom door of their first unconscious target not in The Bottoms. Their penis had ejaculated an ungodly amount of semen onto the white college girl’s pristine carpet, and Bertram had stood at the feet of her bed in awe of his black male semen puddled and pearly and unmolested by roaches on her floor. Not one roach was crawling on the unconscious white girl’s heavenly floor. There were no roaches on the unconscious white girl’s heavenly floor and no dirt on the soles of her bare white feet. Did God see this? God allowed this? She was so clean. She smelled so clean. He was so soiled. Why had they (The Roach Head and poor Bertram), been allowed to be raised in a house that was so unclean? Why does God allow children to live in houses that are so unclean?
Crying never answered that question. Released from The Roach Head post-orgasm, Bertram had stood at the feet of the bed of many an unconcious female target since that first-year experience. Spent and crying, he would gaze through tears at the glowing words of Scripture revealed to him on each target’s bedroom walls: “Every other sin a person commits is outside the body, but the sexually immoral person sins against his own body.” 1 Corinthians 6:18. Then The Roach Head would touch her unconscious body again, and the glowing words of Scripture would fade.
Bertram believed all that his therapists and his lawyers said about him but still, during afternoon break at the office that day of his presentation with Tanesha, he streamed a previously uploaded video of a hotel maid he had flashed and Bertram masturbated again, despite his leaking limpness, despite the chronic sensation of his penis shaft being clawed open by his fingernails, his school boy’s penis shaft being tugged apart by a grown man’s digging fingernails. 
Next, he abused himself covertly while sitting at his desk. Escalation. Exhilaration. The Roach Head is becoming. The Roach Head, with his ungodly amount of tech, is out there watching you now. I am in you, watching you now. Don’t you stop this inspection. Behold the flutter of my terrifying wings. Know that the roach feet feel so good. Trust that the roaches know where to go. Their wings aflutter inside your walls. Trust that the roaches know where to nest.  
Roach Head gazes at Tanesha who sits at the desk across from them (he and Bertram).
Escalating. Escalating.  
Can they tell? Can they smell? Bertram’s moronic male supervisor was walking around the office, inquiring about the blood in the bathroom, walking around the cubicles inquiring as if the matter of the bloody bathroom was akin to the matter of a red-sauce spaghetti meal left exploded in the microwave. Bug juice. Bertram had wiped himself, hadn’t he? His penis lay sliced yet sheathed enough, swaddled enough in socks inside of his pants. 
Bertram, keep that thing in your pants! 
A memory, a less-fond memory from his childhood, came to him now, a less-fond recollection of his elementary school bullies making fun of him about that day his house roaches crawled out of his backpack and onto the classroom floor. The roaches had crawled out of his backpack and onto the classroom floor while he had been reading aloud a story that he had written to impress his pretty white female English teacher, the one who daily aroused young Bertram’s thing when she would slip her creamy bare feet out of her shoes and play with them as she sat at her desk. Instead of watching his teacher’s curvy white legs and her delicate vanilla feet somehow stimulate him to erection, he was now watching his classmates react to the army of black roaches running from his backpack. Some of the girls screamed, and most of the boys laughed. What would scar Bertram more than he could ever scar himself, however, was the shock of his pretty white female English teacher immediately ramming her bare feet back into her shoes. She stood up from her chair and she stepped on his roaches. She crushed out, with an anger, their nasty, black guts. 
Opioids, the painkillers that were constant in adult Bertram’s blood stream, along with his anti-depressants, opioids usually kept such memories at bay. Of course, even if he ran out, he had more painkillers in the glove compartment of his car, the glove compartment where the gun was located. And his necktie. That stupid necktie. He had taken it off, even after it had been (suspiciously) praised by his (phony) coworkers, he had taken it off and had stashed it next to the gun in his car. 
*
“ONE DAY AT A TIME,” read one of Tanesha’s inspirational cubicle posters. Another read, “LIVE. LAUGH. LOVE,” and yet another read, “THE FAMILY THAT PRAYS TOGETHER STAYS TOGETHER,” captioning a photo of Tanesha and her husband and her two adolescent daughters. 
“IT’S A FAMILY AFFAIR,” was the last caption Bertram now read, bleary-eyed, before he had to speak up.
“Good work today, teammate,” cried Bertram to Tanesha. “I feel so seen.” 
His head ached. His underwear absorbed his blood.
“Too blessed to be stressed,” Tanesha affirmed, smiling, though she was obviously nervous about Bertram. She is always nervous about the Bertrams. She has to be. 
It’s just a workplace fact.
*
Wednesday night, with the world wide web watching, Bertram deleted all of his pornographic images and all of his pornographic videos, along with the voyeur content stored on his local hard drives. His uploaded internet content, wherever it is out there in the world, it will never be erased. Bertram is dead. The Roach Head lives. Such is the reach of his crawl.
He had drunk four boxes of red wine. He had swallowed thirty of his anti-depressant pills, fifty of his opioid pain pills and all the bottles of his ineffective sleeping pills. He had chosen not to use his gun but rather he successfully completed suicide with a rope noose intertwined with the necktie that had ruined his life. The choice of the rope over the gun had been made because Bertram couldn’t stand the sound of his clenched teeth clattering against the gun barrel. He found that he could stand upon an overturned trash bin, though.
Kick!  
Now Bertram was hanging from the top of the bathroom door by his noose. He had positioned his laptop so that the camera videoed his suicide, broadcast live, streamed live out onto the internet for whoever got texted the link. His entire company, he texted the link to — to his current coworkers and to his prior coworkers, to his social network friends and to his voyeurism forums, his deepfake forums and to his porn site forums, to his mother, her church and to his elementary school bullies (whose home addresses and family vacation pictures he doxed to a rape forum religiously), and Bertram texted his suicide link to his ex-wife. Ever mindful of quality assurance, as instilled by decades of professional development, embedded in the suicide text was also a link to a client satisfaction survey.
Bertram had not sent the suicide link to his daughter. Her mother must have informed their child that her father was streaming his suicide live on the internet because a phone call from his daughter, once he recognized the sound of her ringtone, her name on the screen sent the father choking and crying and struggling to yank loose the suicide noose from around his neck, struggling to fall from the noose from the door to the floor. Choking and crying and kicking and struggling to yank loose the suicide noose from around his neck, crying and kicking and kicking open the no-kill jars of roaches that spilled out onto the hotel floor, freeing the crawling march of the roaches now bathed in the fire of Scripture aflame on the enclosing walls, he reached out to his daughter, he reached down to the phone where upon he saw the panic of her plea: 
“DADDY PLEASE GET HELP!” scrolled in flashing text. “WHERE ARE YOU? DADDY, WHERE ARE YOU?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
*
Every day, Bertram’s company scrubs his death video from the internet. His story is getting harder to find.
Every morning, Bertram’s daughter, a vigilant, a victim, she re-uploads her father’s suicide video, his story to be witnessed. 
His death and his life, she discusses. She talks about his confession, his oral history of his depression and his substance abuse that he had told her the nights before he had killed himself. She shares the story of his confessed life, including his tearful admission that he had practiced his voyeurism and his nocturnal invasion, his uploaded internet transgressions, he confessed he had practiced on his own family, on her and her mother. He had abused his own family. He had abused other families. 
The daughter ends each video with a prayer, along with a recitation of the phone number for a suicide prevention lifeline.
Deep empathy, Bertram’s daughter argues to her online haters. In return, she receives death threats. 
A Candy Donna
Singing.
Rocqsi was singing. 
In their dark car, the gang of four rolled through the city at night — on rain-wet streets, no music playing, and Rocqsi was singing. 
Their captive, a white man named Kirk, trembled in the back between two male thugs. 
Kirk wept. 
Annabelle drove. 
The criminals were taking Kirk to a walk-up ATM where he would withdraw the money. Annabelle and her crew would stay in the car far enough away to evade surveillance. Kirk wouldn’t run off. They never ran off. To scare a captive from alerting authorities, Annabelle had previously driven the captive past his house where his wife and kids were inside, unaware that (1) Dad was out catting (2) Dad had been catfished and (3) over as little as one hundred dollars, some Dads negotiated the safety of their family. It seemed like a lot of work for little haul, just pressing a knife or a gun to some scaredy-cat’s stomach, but at the end of the day, it was very easy money. Annabelle and her crew liked very easy money. They enjoyed not having a nine-to-five. 
“I have kids with special needs,” Kirk offered. 
“What?” said Annabelle. “You’re still talking. I told you to stop talking.”
Kirk kept talking and he continued to weep.
So this is how it worked? ATM money? That’s it? All this for ATM money? For stealing cash in an increasingly cashless economy? Annabelle, you’re smarter than that!
She was smarter. Annabelle, boss, had long vowed to never again work in a limiting office environment. Why would that be, especially when she had the initiative, motivation, and means to pursue more intellectually engaging adventures? Her tattoos, spiritual, not spiritual, gang-related and not gang-related, Annabelle’s recently inked tattoos covered the majority of her dark black skin, serving as a reminder to herself that working a boring, restrictive job was now blessedly verboten. 
In fact, it had been while working a boring, restrictive job now blessedly verboten that Annabelle had first read about men being catfished online and robbed during the meetup. Fascinating content. Coerced cash withdrawals, petty at first, worked as a screener to assess the target’s pliability, to see how he bucked. This operation was bigger than petty cash. The kidnapped targets who negotiated during the ride to the ATM were more likely to be susceptible to blackmail. The blackmail and the catfishing, Annabelle had studied by consuming media on blackmail and catfishing. She had the initiative (freedom), the motivation (money), and the means (intellect). And having been raised in The Bottoms, Annabelle had access to employees from her old Bottoms neighborhood who could compensate for the skills she lacked, primarily the bait and the muscle to lure and coerce the captive. 
Fascinating content. But what about your actualization plan, intelligent Annabelle?
It had taken a while for her to build. Since she had moved out of The Bottoms years ago, Annabelle had found her action plan initially difficult to start because her old Bottoms running buddies were either dead (like her recently murdered first-love, Curtis, the man she should’ve married) or they were incarcerated or had written her off as gone to the Liberty Village black suburbs (which she had). More tattoos. More night people. More money. More clubs. More time spent online. Eventually, “a Candy Donna” is what Annabelle came to call the real-life women she used for the verifiable profile pictures to lure male dates over the internet. Her profile models gradually became actual models recruited from nightclubs, actual night women who would meet Dad on their first and only date before his abduction. The term “a Candy Donna” came from the best bait girl she had ever worked, an alluring wannabe singer who wasn’t just compliant but also vulnerable and trusting. That’s who Annabelle recruited and managed, vulnerable and trusting women likely to be desired by vulnerable and duplicitous men. She had experienced bad results with bait girls who were too secure and too assertive before she realized that vulnerable and trusting women more readily reeled in targets. “Candy Donna” had been the stage name of her best bait girl, the original wannabe singer turned internet dating lure. Annabelle didn’t remember the girl’s real name. That Candy Donna was dead.
“I have kids with special needs,” Kirk offered again. 
Annabelle sighed. Kirk had been negotiating. He was at the stage of the abduction when the captured thought, erroneously, that he could talk himself out of the trap. Since Annabelle and her two male employees had shoved him into the back seat of the car outside the club, he’d been bargaining, wheedling, praying but mostly crying. Kirk cried in a theatrical manner — ah, tee heeeee, ah, tee heeeee — an anguished cry that Annabelle had at first thought was phony. But Kirk really did have two kids with special needs. Annabelle had observed them last week when she had confirmed the target’s home address out in the Hyde Park white subdivision. One of Kirk’s kids was in a wheelchair. She was a pre-adolescent and had cerebral palsy, confirmed by Annabelle’s investigation and by her appearance in the driveway. She was cute. Kirk’s other child was a teenager, an overweight girl who had begged their mother to let her drive on the day Annabelle had observed them from across the street. Outwardly, the girl looked mainstream. Nothing on his “real” social media profile, the one Kirk shared with his family, suggested that the chubby daughter had a disability. 
Annabelle paid particular attention to this situation because her own son, murdered, had been identified as having an intellectual disability. Elijah, her son, had been choked to death at the age of six by Annabelle’s husband back when she had lived in The Bottoms. She had witnessed her son’s death. 
“I have kids with special needs,” Kirk pleaded, as if the criminals driving him to an ATM were actually four potential clients listening to his business sales pitch. Kirk sold pharmaceuticals. 
“You look like a Kirk,” Annabelle said to him, which, for some reason, prompted Kirk to start howling. Old boy would’ve lost that sale, Annabelle thought. Didn’t nobody want to buy nothing from a grown-ass, trembling crybaby. Especially a grown-ass, trembling crybaby who couldn’t be trusted, despite all those messages he had typed claiming that he didn’t play games.
“Dad,” Annabelle teased, yanking more tears from Kirk-who-looked-like-a-Kirk.
The ATM was located as the only brightly lit spot in a failed shopping center, brightly lit so much so that it looked like a nighttime baseball game was taking place beside a shoe store. Irony came from the fact that whereas the ATM appeared open and secure, the surrounding grid of failed businesses looked absolutely desolate in the night, darkness at the edge of town, commercial properties empty and dim with lamps that had gone out like the style of those sneakers in that outdated shoe store. Annabelle perceived similarity between this setting and the circumstances of their most bountiful targets. This howling fat man, for example, this affluent Hyde Park liar kept his affluent Hyde Park home brightly lit, open, and seemingly secure. A pretty wife, one kid with obvious challenges, another kid with unseen challenges, a nice house in the suburbs. A nice big garage. 
But a target’s unlit moral edges were where the predators lurked. A Dad could live, literally or metaphorically, in the sunniest, most comfortable and secure neighborhood on the market yet Annabelle would breach his defenses. She studied infiltration. Surveillance out the ass, private security in golf carts, delivered package theft dissuaded by home security systems webbed and waiting for Bottoms flies to get trapped in that Hyde Park buttermilk? She beat it. Surveillance drones? Door cams? She beat them. The potential was there to make more money if the crew reeled in an especially rich and secretive blackmail target. Annabelle recorded, documented, logged, transcribed each and every chat, all the explicit communications, all the lustful words. Sometimes they didn’t even have to go through with the fake date scheme, never even meeting the target in real life. Digital theft. Identity phishing. Ransomware. Stalkerware. Threats to email explicit pictures and videos to workplaces, to churches, to girlfriends, to wives. One target had shared hidden camera footage that he had taken of his family and his coworkers. He had creep enough for voyeurism but not stealth enough to conceal himself as the source of the recordings. Annabelle’s crew, predators of predators, had feasted off The Roach Head for months. 
If the target disclosed an interest in children, an incident of grooming, and/or possession of Child Sexual Abuse Material, Annabelle, chatting as a Candy Donna, Annabelle was savvy enough to suddenly credential herself as a pedophile-hunting vigilante. Surprise! She was certain that several of their targets had killed themselves after she had convinced them that they were going to be exposed. 
If they only killed themselves, that wouldn’t be a problem. 
“I have kids with special needs,” Annabelle expected Kirk to repeat. Instead he stopped crying and kept trembling. He then offered the car full of criminals a new sales pitch: 
“My daughter. Teenager. She’s a little fat. She’s slow. She has an intellectual disability. But she’s pretty. Like her mom.”
Annabelle braked the car. 
She pulled out her knife, turned to the back seat, and stabbed Kirk in his upper left thigh. 
He screamed.
He continued screaming because the knife didn’t punch in deep enough for Annabelle’s intent. 
Annabelle, boss, slammed the car into park and hacked until the knife carved out her intent.
*
They didn’t kill Kirk? 
This crew had yet to kill. But they could. Anybody could. Anybody can. Annabelle was not opposed to guns. In this occupation, she’d be a fool to oppose guns. She used knives because she’d always used knives, since elementary school she’d used knives. She was poor at hitting targets with bullets, a fact she lamented and blamed on her eyesight. But her employees carried guns and Annabelle, who paid their insurance, always included vision in their benefits package. 
So they didn’t kill Kirk.
The original Candy Donna had been beaten to death by her husband in a domestic altercation unrelated to their criminal activities. Kirk may have been killed by Annabelle if her two male employees in the back of the car had been inattentive that night. They, like the Candy Donnas, were of low intelligence but alert enough to have stopped Annabelle from succumbing to her fury, from repositioning her knife and stabbing the life out of their target. 
Kirk, they abandoned near a hospital. They dosed him with street drugs and left him wounded but ambulatory. Annabelle and her crew decided that he wouldn’t tell the truth about what had happened. Enough of these catfishing plots had gone wrong in the past for them to know that their Dads didn’t talk. And who would they talk about? A Candy Donna didn’t exist. Annabelle and her crew were phantoms.  
Usually Annabelle would never see the target again, would have long scraped and deleted the bait profile from the internet. 
Kirk, though, she later decided to check up on. It was his family she was worried about. 
Annabelle was a criminal. 
But Annabelle was not inhuman. 
Her new line of work brought her into contact with animals who only pretended to be humans. Along with her monetary goals in this life, she meditated daily on her desire to remain human. She knew her contradictions. She prayed to God every day. She knew her vulnerability?
“My daughter has an intellectual disability,” Kirk had offered. “You can have her. You all can have her. She won’t tell. She won’t know.”
God, beseeched Annabelle in prayer, this man deserves a second date.
*
A week after she had cut the Hyde Park salesman named Kirk, Annabelle again parked her dark car on the street of Kirk’s brightly lit home. Her intuition, not her intellect, had guided this risky, unprecedented move. 
It was night. 
The fifth Candy Donna, Rocqsi, accompanied the motivated thief.
“His daughter wrecked that car,” Annabelle observed, staring at the damaged vehicle in Kirk’s driveway. 
“Yep,” chirped Rocqsi. “Mom probably lets her do things she can’t do. Things like that. Like driving. Probably lets her get away with everything. Sometimes Mom be like that.”
“Oh, really?” 
“Yep, really,” affirmed Rocqsi. “Especially with the Daddy she got? And that little girl in the wheelchair? I feel bad for Mom.”
“No, you don’t,” Annabelle snorted.
“I do,” Rocqsi insisted. “I really do.”
Rocqsi was one of those bait girls who vibrated, Annabelle had noticed, one of those bait girls who could never sit still. When off duty, Rocqsi would flirt with the two male thugs, touch the two male thugs, touch herself incessantly. Hypersexualized, this one, thought Annabelle, like most of them. She wondered how early and by whom. 
She also wondered what went on inside the head of a Candy Donna. This one didn’t abuse substances, as far as Annabelle knew. Annabelle presumed Disney. Candy Donnas were big into Disney. All-expenses-paid trips to the Magic Kingdom got them hooked without the instability of narcotics (though they often hooked their bait girls on drugs, too, of course, along with taking care of their childcare bills and addicting them to a facsimile of family). This Candy Donna had a Jasmine-from-Aladdin tattoo on her upper back. The fictional princess danced to the fictional bait girl’s constant vibration. A young mother, this one, like most of them. Annabelle wondered how early and by whom.
“So you’re not going to meet with old boy tonight?” asked Annabelle, eyes on another parked car on the street that had been occupied too long. “I’m going to throw on a skirt and some heels and meet him myself?”
“I said I feel bad for Mom,” corrected Rocqsi, lightly. “Not Dad. I can’t stand the Dads. They’re so gross. So fat and so gross. How do you choose them anyway?”
Without answering, Annabelle started the car. She drove them away from Kirk’s house, eyes on that occupied car down the street. 
Miles in between them and their target’s family, Annabelle admitted, “I think I just slipped up.”
*
Annabelle’s worry over the well-being of Kirk’s family was the result of a plot last year that had gone wrong. The catfishing and the cash-getting had gone smoothly. The target had not talked to the police. Instead, he had murdered his family. Four children and a wife. 
Annabelle had seen it on the news a couple of weeks after they had last seen the target. Todd was his name? Todd who taught at college? He hadn’t looked like a Todd. He had looked like a college professor, but he hadn’t looked like a Todd. 
Of course, Annabelle, nor anyone else for that matter, could ever truly know why Todd had murdered his family with a shotgun and had then killed himself with a shotgun. Todd’s brush with their criminality and Todd’s own darkly confessed and digitally documented desires were probably contributing factors, though. As well, Annabelle knew, Todd had a meanness that he had let loose online. A lot of their marks had issues, a lot of their marks didn’t, but that Todd who had not looked like a Todd was something else.
Was somebody else.
That’s the person who had murdered his family. Maybe Todd hadn’t really killed himself but had shot open the head of that sadistic fiend inside of himself who wore Todd (hi, Daddy!) like a suit? Annabelle thought about such things concerning her work. She was highly intelligent, deeply introspective. The fact that criminality kept her in frequent contact with people of lesser intelligence and of no introspection annoyed Annabelle primarily because they were of lesser intelligence and of no introspection and secondarily because she couldn’t share her musings, couldn’t discuss her daily observations on the life they lived (of course, it had been that way in the mainstream workplaces, too). Duplicitous Identities of Catfishing Prey and Their Predators was a paper she could have written for Todd-not-Todd. It definitely wasn’t the topic of a chat she could have with a Candy Donna. These girls couldn’t stop singing long enough to chat.
Annabelle and the latest bait girl were now at the bar of the club in which they awaited tonight’s target. Even here, with music playing, this Candy Donna kept singing. She sounded better than the recorded vocalist, but still.
“Shut up, Rocqsi,” said Annabelle.  
The girl replied, after a pause, “My name isn’t Rocqsi.”
Annabelle laughed. Then she realized her error. 
This wasn’t Rocqsi. The previous Candy Donna — the fifth Candy Donna known as Rocqsi — the previous Candy Donna had been assaulted by her boyfriend in a domestic altercation unrelated to their criminal activities but related to her last trip to Disney. Her boyfriend had chopped open her face with a swinging belt buckle, had cracked apart one of her legs beyond surgical repair, and had since become the suspect in the case of Rocqsi’s missing son. 
Dang it, Annabelle couldn’t come close to remembering this new girl’s name and she was staring the new Candy Donna right in her beautiful new Candy Donna face.
“I’m Fantasy,” said the bait.
“Yeah, you are,” laughed Annabelle, breaking eye contact to wave at the bartender. “We’re all fantasy tonight.”
*
Now the club was playing Grace Jones music. Now the club was playing grown folks’ music as Annabelle swayed on her bar stool, approvingly. “Private Life” by Grace Jones was a deep cut for these youngsters. Annabelle liked deep cuts. Annabelle loved Grace Jones. And now they played “Pull Up to the Bumper”? Oh, shit!
Tonight’s target entered the club. The self-actualized thief told the sixth Candy Donna, “You’re on,” and then watched the bait girl’s shapely figure as she floated away. 
Annabelle, at ease, ordered herself another non-alcoholic drink. Slowly she exhaled the phantom smoke of a cigarette that she had quit smoking ten years ago. Sobriety and freedom from nicotine addiction, two of her previous action plans actualized, Annabelle considered, as she observed, coolly, tonight’s action plan progress. 
This latest Candy Donna who called herself Fantasy, this sixth Candy Donna claimed to be twenty-one to Annabelle, claimed to be fifteen to her online admirers. Annabelle was forty-eight. The target who was now meeting who he thought was a fifteen-year-old child looked to be well into his sixties. Why would a grown man think that a baby would be permitted inside an adults-only establishment? He didn’t think, that’s why. A black man, an African American professional by the looks of him, the mark likewise had no clue that there were two male bandits watching him from opposite sides of the club and a female bandit watching him from the bar.
“Dad,” snorted Annabelle, dryly.
*
Two months after Annabelle had stabbed him with a knife, the self-made gangster again parked her car on the street of Kirk’s neighborhood. Except his house wasn’t as brightly lit as the last time she had been here. The porch light was dim. Insufficient wattage? 
There sat a package delivered on Kirk’s front porch, a flying drone delivery which Annabelle had witnessed. Other than that, she kept her eyes focused on that occupied car down the street. Security? Private home security or Hyde Park surveillance agents? They weren’t the golf cart sentries that had rolled up and had said hello to her in a bid to intimidate. The mysterious car occupants were two white men but not the two white men she had seen in a parked car here previously. They were not police. They were not surveillance drone operators, either, unless they didn’t care about reclaiming the fleet of flying drones Annabelle had downed with a hack from her laptop. Nearby door cams, she had terminated, too. 
She acknowledged her paranoia but, of course, couldn’t share her acknowledged paranoia with the seventh Candy Donna because the seventh Candy Donna was singing in the passenger’s seat next to her. Epiffany was this Candy Donna’s name. Annabelle’s suspicion that this dim bulb of a beauty had never had an epiphany was exactly the type of irony that had driven the thief back to Kirk’s house, stupidly driven back out to this subdivision. During the time since she had last been parked on this street, her crew had been under increasing surveillance. There now seemed to be an occupied car where there shouldn’t be, too-aware staff in the nightclubs where they abducted their targets, another car tailing them on the way back from the ATM? 
That they hadn’t been caught yet had only made Annabelle more expectant that they soon would be. She had been expectant enough to consider moving on to other work, to focusing on her online sex streaming business that she had initiated with new recruits (Sugar Cindys?), but then some random Dad in their city had murdered his family. The murderer, who had not been one of her former abductees, this latest killer Dad had executed his pregnant wife and their two pre-adolescent sons with an assault rifle and had then immediately committed suicide. News of the tragedy, even though it was unrelated to anything she had done, got Annabelle to thinking about the secretive men on whom they preyed: crybaby Kirk-who-looked-like-a-Kirk and his Special Needs family. Suicidal Todd-who-didn’t-look-like-a-Todd and his own little family that he had butchered.
What if Kirk had stopped looking like a Kirk? What happens when a grown-ass duplicitous crybaby eventually stops crying? What if the darkness on the outskirts of Kirk’s life had chopped a footpath from The Bottoms into this very exclusive Hyde Park neighborhood? His wife, his daughter with cerebral palsy and his other daughter with an intellectual disability had several times been unknowingly surveilled by stone-cold criminals that Dad had brought into their lives. Dad hadn’t been scared straight by his knife wound. In fact, Annabelle had recently seen Kirk-who-looked-like-a-Kirk on another dating app, assuming a new persona, wearing a new skin suit, despite the fact that he still presented like a Kirk — searching, searching, searching as the light securing his home grew darker, darker, dark.
None of this could Annabelle share with the attractive Candy Donna sitting in the parked car with her now. Epiffany could not sing as well as her predecessors but that didn’t stop the sexy young beauty from caterwauling along with her own recording playing on the car stereo. 
She’s in love with herself, Annabelle observed. She sings like a broke-leg horse and she’s in love with herself.
*
Evening shade and Kirk’s neighborhood was active with dog walkers and kids being called in from play. In the dark car of the criminals sat the boss and her latest female employee, the seventh Candy Donna who called herself Epiffany. For amusement, Annabelle hacked a corgi’s self-walking dog collar and then watched as the animal immediately turned around and bit its lazy owner in both shins. Epiffany laughed. The dog’s owner panicked and the corgi gave chase down the street.
The shared delight between Annabelle and her worker soon faded. Tonight was the night that they were going to be caught. She was certain of it. She had already spotted the occupied car surveilling. Her intuition suggested their demise, her high level of intelligence calculated the probability, and yet she was not going to leave until she had done what she had come here to do. Epiffany, a Candy Donna, paused her horrible singing to ask Annabelle exactly that question. What had they come here to do? Even this dim bulb recognized that something wasn’t right.
“Your first epiphany, huh?” cracked Annabelle, smirking at the bait girl’s ever-clueless expression. 
“What? My first what?”
Vulnerable and trusting people have a particular way of staring back when they are confronted with information that they can’t comprehend. Annabelle had witnessed this expression of slack-jawed stupidity from so many night people that she should’ve known better than to keep talking. But this one could be moments away from getting arrested thanks to her. She was owed a reason, at least.
“I know that already,” Epiffany protested in response to Annabelle telling her, “Kirk is cheating.”
“Not cheating like that,” Annabelle clarified. “I mean, he is cheating like that, but it’s worse with Dads like him. Dangerous with Dads like him. Kirk isn’t right. He’s a wrong Dad. A real wrong Dad. A sick Dad. That stuff he says on chat? It’s a wrong kind of wrong. That’s why we’re here.”
“For real?” yawned Epiffany, distracted by the car stereo. “Aw, these fools ain’t half about nothing. They ain’t dangerous. Not to me, they ain’t.”
“That’s because they want to have sex with you.” 
“Yep,” chirped Epiffany. “But they still ain’t dangerous. I’m dangerous.”
The wannabe started dancing in her seat. 
“So Hum,” Annabelle chanted, the mantra “I am that” staying her knife from cutting this idiot. “You can’t spell your own stupid club name, can you? Your left boot is unlaced, you illiterate moron,” Annabelle wanted to spit, but instead she chanted, “So Hum.” Her meditation practice, learned in a support group for people who had experienced trauma, entailed being patient. Annabelle had not always been interested in managing her emotions, observing her thoughts. She diagnosed herself as lacking empathy and having a viciously low frustration tolerance, of being especially impatient with slow people, people who had to be told things repeatedly (like her former office coworkers, like her former office bosses, like her current employees, like the entire goddamn stupid fucking world). The night her six-year-old Elijah had been choked to death by her husband had been a night of heavy partying, so much so that Annabelle had been too high to stop Elijah from pestering her husband to play with him like she usually did, like she repeatedly did. Stupid Elijah. Stupid little boy. A six-year-old still wanting to play like he a baby. He should’ve known better than to irritate that man like that, knowing how he do, knowing how he get. The strangulation of her child, Annabelle had witnessed while she was so high that she had misinterpreted her husband’s chokehold as a hug. Stupid Elijah. Stupid little boy. Elijah had probably thought he was being hugged, too, the idiot. The defective, burdensome idiot. Her son. 
That Annabelle prayed to understand herself strengthened her resolve. She couldn’t save Elijah. Despite her ongoing nightmares, she couldn’t save her son. But she could do something about this Kirk’s ongoing nightmare. Annabelle to the rescue, right? To the rescue of a Hyde Park white woman? She marveled at the irony of her aiding a person who undoubtedly paid out the ass to wall herself off from people like herself. “Woman to Woman,” so sang Shirley Brown. Annabelle smirked enough to gain attention from the bait. 
“I sound good,” boasted Epiffany. “Right? Don’t I sound good to ya’ll?”
Annabelle didn’t reply. Often she birthed a Candy Donna online that was smarter than the “actual” Candy Donna in real life. She wasn’t even sure what “real life” was anymore, who was digitally rendered, who was virtual, who was fantasy, who was being watched and who was being read. She often felt as though she herself were a character in a story, a fictional creation crafted by a troubled mind who was revealing his own demons, shedding his own false skin. For instance, Annabelle was having sex with one of the male thugs in her current crew, one of her employees. She knew she should’ve brought him in on this Kirk plot instead of this chirping numbskull dancing next to her in the passenger’s seat. Of course, Annabelle also knew that she shouldn’t be in a relationship with an employee in the first place, but there again was one of her contradictions. 
Months from now, this employee, her lover, would avenge his boss by torturing Kirk to a state of quadriplegia. Months from now, Annabelle would be avenged for what was about to happen. 
What was about to happen?
A Candy Donna continued to dance in the car seat next to Annabelle. Counting in her mind to calm herself, Annabelle made a silent vow that, if they avoided jail, she would journal later that night. Journaling, meditating, and spiritual mindfulness had been adopted by the gangster thanks to therapy, thanks to a lifelong commitment to being better today than she was yesterday. Tonight — if they avoided jail — Annabelle would journal after a strenuous session of incredible sex with the male employee who would, months from now, avenge his beloved Annabelle by torturing Kirk to a state of quadriplegia. Tonight — if Annabelle avoided jail — the two dark criminals, Annabelle and her male employee, would fuck each other into the ground, dig each other up, and then thug-fuck each other deep down straight through to Tibet so they could beseech the monks to invite the multiple orgasm bell. 
Journaling was no chore after that.
“Look a here,” snapped Annabelle, suddenly mindful of that occupied car up the street. “I’m going to bust Kirk. Kirk’s wrong. Kirk is very wrong. Kirk ain’t right. I’m going to tell his wife. I’m going to bust him.”
“For real? Right now?”
“I’ve been sending her the evidence,” Annabelle confirmed, nodding. “Messages. Texts. Webcam recordings. Pictures of Kirk and the bait girl he was talking to. We take pictures of you and them, you know. In the club.”
“Nuh-uh.”
“It’s the sexting and the chatting that’s going to get through to old girl. Pictures are one thing, videos are another, but when these wives read what their husbands write…when they learn what their husbands think, what their husbands say to other women…”
Epiffany nodded and chirped, “Yep.”
“He’s dangerous,” Annabelle concluded with gravity enough that Epiffany stopped dancing in her seat. “All the Dads aren’t dangerous. Todd was dangerous. This one. Kirk. He is extremely sick and actively dangerous. He hates his own family.”
Before Epiffany could ask — “Because I am that,” Annabelle confessed.
She exited the vehicle.
*
Annabelle took from the back seat of her car a folder full of pictures of a beautiful woman, a previous Candy Donna named Rocqsi, a beautiful woman who had been disfigured by her man. The man in these pictures with Rocqsi, Kirk-who-looked-like-a-Kirk (especially in these photos, looking as out of place in the club as a Mormon in a Jamaican dance hall), this duplicitous white man was the husband of the white woman that Annabelle was about to confront.
She paused for a moment. 
She paid attention to her breath.
Her knife, she hid from herself in the glove compartment of her car. Her face, she observed in the rearview mirror. 
About to walk up to Kirk’s house now, Annabelle directed the seventh and final Candy Donna, Epiffany, to, “Stay here. This won’t take long. All she has to do is see him. Really see him. She needs to see him being confronted. In the moment. Confronted in the moment. In the present. And then we can leave. We can leave this place and never return.”
“Where are we going?” asked Epiffany, vulnerable and trusting.
“To heaven, child,” Annabelle whispered, watching the occupied car up the street become unoccupied. “We’re all going to heaven, Elijah. Have you heard the good news?” 
She gazed into the vulnerable and trusting baby doll eyes of this truly stupid girl and realized that the specialist had been right about her son. Though she had denied it for all of the six years that her child had lived before being murdered by her husband, the criminal’s intuition had told her that her son had special needs. Would have required special instruction.
Like the original Candy Donna, Annabelle’s son was dead. Like the latest Candy Donna, Annabelle’s son had been vulnerable. Like Kirk’s ignorant wife, Kirk’s daughter in the wheelchair and Kirk’s daughter with an intellectual disability, Annabelle’s son had been trusting.
And Annabelle had failed to protect her beautiful son from the darkness on the edges of his mother’s life. She had been stupid, in that regard. Annabelle hated stupid people. She resented having to tolerate the routine stupidity of most people. She hated that she had given birth to a stupid son. 
Empathy?
So Hum.
Hello. I’m you.
“If Dad goes wrong,” Annabelle instructed the girl, “You run. You fly. You change.”
Epiffany nodded her comprehension. 
Finally scanning the edges of her own life, finally realizing that things were indeed about to go horribly, violently wrong, the wannabe turned off the music.
*
Annabelle carried the folder of evidence toward Kirk’s house. She had made it to the driveway, was a few feet away from the insufficiently lit porch when the door suddenly opened. Out limped Kirk-who-no-longer-looked-like-a-Kirk. His wife appeared beside him. 
Annabelle couldn’t see the daughter in the wheelchair nor the other daughter, but the two girls were at a window, a window that reflected the rapidly approaching vehicle lights of the private security army storming their street.
“We moved out here to get away from those people, didn’t we?” Annabelle imagined Kirk had once said. Why had he opened the door? 
This was worrying because Kirk was now one of those people, Annabelle observed, locking eyes with her catfished target that she had stabbed in the leg. Kirk was now one of her people. Kirk had always been one of her people, a sham, a liar, a Candy Donna of his own making. How early and by whom, Annabelle wondered, inviting empathy into her life. She had abandoned Kirk. She had not abandoned his family. 
Now at the threshold, now being confronted, this very naïve woman that Kirk had married suddenly saw this faker, finally witnessed this duplicitous Kirk-who-no-longer-looked-like-a-Kirk. He vibrated beside his wife, vibrated angrily beneath the dimly lit threshold of their home, the threshold of their home over which he had carried his trusting wife, his vulnerable young wife so many bright summers ago.
Later, when imprisoned and meditating in solitary confinement (when imprisoned and planning her next adventure), how did Annabelle know that she had accomplished her mission that night? How did this self-actualized lady thug, this CEO, this boss, this owner of a criminal crew of blackmailers, this mother of a murdered son who had been strangled to death by her intoxicated husband while she herself had been intoxicated, how did this non-animal know? 
How did Kirk’s wife know?  
The wife must have had her suspicions. Upon seeing Annabelle scuttling up the driveway, lurching toward her husband, the evidence that Annabelle carried wasn’t even necessary for proof of Kirk’s secret life. 
Upon seeing Annabelle scuttling up the driveway, the wife jumped away from her husband as if he were a snake. 
His skin suit shed. 
*
The last sound that Annabelle heard before being swarmed by private security (and Kirk, who personally approached Annabelle with a mallet retrieved from his garage, Kirk who hammered Annabelle’s face open to make it a meat of red-spraying paste, Kirk who defanged Annabelle with pliers retrieved from his garage, Kirk who forever denied Annabelle her outer beauty), the last sound Annabelle heard was the sound of a Candy Donna finally recognizing, finally seeing the darkness at the edges of her own life. The sound Annabelle heard was the sound of her car as it roared toward a heavenly light.
“I am that,” sang Annabelle, singing for the first time since the death of her son. “Elijah,” she chanted, her dead son’s name she sang. 
Men beat the grieving mother deep and bleeding into the earth. 
But would she rise? 
And could she rise?
“I am that,” prayed Annabelle to God.
Up the street and past the edges, roaring toward that heavenly light, the young female wannabe — the seventh and final Candy Donna — the warned child drove as if her soul depended on it. She no longer wanted to be. She just wanted to escape.
And so they did.
Didn’t Momma Ruthie Say Daawgh (Alternate Title: The Customer’s Servant)
Because of what he had done when he had been alive, Curtis could not get into heaven.
He was not sure where he was now (he wasn’t even sure if he was a “he” anymore), but wherever Curtis-not-Curtis had journeyed to after his death, he understood that, just like his grandmother had said he would — he had been heaven denied.
But the Earth was still accessible.
Compelled there now by a force that he could not comprehend, the consciousness that knew itself as having been Curtis became aware that it was back on Earth, became aware that it was back in its hometown, became aware that it was back in the sector where it had been raised.
The Bottoms.
It saw Curtis’ grandmother with her cane, stepping onto the lift of a dirty city bus.
It knew that having been Curtis, heaven was yet denied to its being.
It could see and it could hear. 
It could not speak.
Compelled by a force that it could not comprehend, its mission in the afterlife was to ensure Curtis’ grandmother that Curtis, despite the uncertainty of this odd plane, had not gone to hell.
Could it feel? Could it be interested? The spirit could observe, but could it have emotions? It seemed vaguely aware that it had done something — when it had been Curtis, when it had been known in these bad streets as a very bad man called Fagin — the spirit had done something that Curtis had thought would get it into heaven.
“Was I wrong?” it thought. “Was this a mistake?” it wondered as it watched Curtis’ grandmother take a seat on the bus. 
The spirit said unto itself, “Curtis, you did do something wrong and you are heaven denied. What in the hell did you do?”
This is what in the hell he had done.
*
A poor woman, the grandmother felt ashamed of herself for many reasons. That this city bus was driving her away from the familiarity of her impoverished neighborhood, that this city bus was driving her toward the financially prosperous suburbs, that her dead grandson had mandated this embarrassing and shameful journey in his will — these were the primary reasons why the grandmother felt ashamed.
A secondary reason? “Daawgh,” she muttered, as the bus hit a pothole, as the bus nearly re-broke the hip that she had broken last year. The grandmother did not curse, but she felt ashamed, regardless, for knowing that stronger language better reflected how she truly felt about being on this bus, about being on this mission that her dead grandson had arranged. One of her dead grandsons. Curtis had been “the bad one,” the grandmother reflected, watching the urban decay recede as the bus exited The Bottoms. “The good one,” Shamar, had died over there fighting for his country. She still wasn’t sure how Curtis had died. He hadn’t been home in over ten years, had long stopped calling, had long stopped having a phone number and address that was accessible to her. 
“Daawgh,” she muttered again, this time catching the attention of the woman sitting next to her on the bus seat. And to that she really wanted to curse. The woman had been talking to every passenger in her proximity ever since the grandmother had sat down.
“Sleeping with the air on gives me a head cold,” clucked the woman. “But it’s too hot to not have the air on in this heat. Ain’t it too hot to not have the air on in this heat?”
The grandmother had never been one to enjoy talking to strangers, yet she somehow seemed to attract strangers who enjoyed talking to her. Such chatterboxes she could begrudgingly abide. What she could not begrudgingly abide and could only begrudge was that the majority of these talkative strangers — especially the ones close to her age — liked to complain to her about something. Who did they think she was? 
I’m too kind-faced, the grandmother lamented, bracing herself as the woman sighed one of those, “I have to get something off of my chest” sighs. I’m too kind-faced and I’m too approachable. My grandmother had warts when she was this age. Didn’t Momma Ruthie have warts on her face when she was this age? How do I grow warts?
“You’d think they’d have the air on in this bus,” the woman harrumphed and then exhaled another complaining sigh. “They’re saying it’s supposed to get up to one hundred today. In December! That’s what they’re saying it’s supposed to get up to. Shoot, how come they ain’t got the air on in this bus? That don’t make no kind of sense. Do it?”
The grandmother nodded in agreement though she really did not agree. Wouldn’t the air conditioner give you another head cold, she wanted to say to the complaining woman. Instead she said nothing. In truth, the grandmother felt that the bus driver’s inability to avoid potholes was more complaint-worthy than the temperature inside this dirty bus. The temperature inside this dirty bus was comfortable, fittingly ventilated for a muggy morning in December, even when taking this apocalyptic weather into account. What had not been comfortable was the shattering of her left hip when she had fallen down the steps of her front porch last year. Now was anybody hearing her complain about that? 
I need more toads in my life, thought the grandmother, catching the woman’s contagious sigh. Ain’t that how Momma Ruthie got them warts on her face? They used to have toads out in that creek behind the house. Plenty of toads. Perhaps a pet store will be near her stop. How would she look, walking into a pet store to buy her some toads? The notion made the grandmother smile, which in turn, made the woman sitting next to her see a conversational green light that wasn’t there. Even worse, her bus seat neighbor likely thought that the smile meant that the grandmother found her funny. A talker the grandmother could abide. A complaining talker the grandmother could begrudgingly abide. But a complaining, talkative stranger who thought herself funny? Daawgh.
Uttering prayer beneath her breath was what the grandmother’s seatmate perceived. But what was the grandmother’s true utterance? Toad me, Lord. Toad me now.
“I have to pray on it myself,” said a man who sat across the aisle from the grandmother and her seatmate. “In times like these? I have to pray on it.”
Uh-oh, thought the grandmother, recognizing the imminent escalation from small-talk complaining to talk of worldly complaints. Complaining was more contagious than head colds. The only thing strangers liked to complain to her about more than their dissatisfaction with the weather was their dissatisfaction with worldly concerns. What did she look like to people, “Time and Temperature”? Did people still call the “Time and Temperature” service on their phones? Of course not. This must be why they talked to her. This must be why Momma Ruthie had dipped snuff. When dipping her snuff, Little Ruthie’s grandmother, Momma Ruthie, had carried around a spit cup into which she would spit her darkened saliva. Her spit cups would be as humble as a plastic cup with a paper towel tucked into the bottom to absorb spit. Her spit cups would be as fancy as a Ball Mason jar meant for fruit preserves, sans fruit preserves, with a paper towel tucked into the bottom to absorb spit. Spit cups could be old snuff cans, reused metal cylinders of Tube Rose snuff tin tubes. Spit cups could be soda cans. Whatever spit cups were, spit cups stank. 
I need me some of Momma Ruthie’s spit cup stank and some of that wart toad juice, the grandmother thought, trying not to make herself smile again, lest this new talker feel empowered. “In times like these,” the man repeated, and the grandmother knew it was too late. How many more stops were there before this bus reached her destination? Was it too hot to walk?
“In times like these,” parroted the woman sitting next to her.
“Yup.”
“Yup.”
“You right.”
If she had a spit cup, she could stink these chatterboxes away from her. Warts and spit cups full of powdered tobacco mud. Roofing tar breath. People had only talked to Momma Ruthie when they had really, really needed to talk to Momma Ruthie. Hadn’t Momma Ruthie worn combat boots? Momma Ruthie didn’t play. Her anti-small-talk game had been fierce. The grandmother’s respect for her own deceased grandmother rose while her resentment for her recently deceased grandson (the bad one) also rose with every mile this bus trip was taking. Every small-talked mile, Toad me, Lord.
“Trophies for participation,” complained the man across the aisle. “Child Protective Services on speed dial. Everybody’s a winner. Everybody’s special.”
“Yup.”
“Yup.”
“You right.”
“But no real sugar in the pudding,” the man complained, sighing. “Can’t have that. Lord, no. Ain’t that something? Shoot, I like real sugar in my pudding. Don’t you like real sugar in your pudding? I sure like real sugar in my pudding. You know who I blame? I blame Dr. Spock.”
“Yup.”
“Yup.”
“You right.”
“That’s why I never even watched that show,” boasted the grandmother’s seatmate. “Solve the problems in your own backyard. Don’t be trying to fix things up in outer space that don’t concern you. Charity begins at home.”
“Yup.”
“Yup.”
“You right.”
“Amen,” said another woman seated in front of them. Now I’m really about to hear it, thought the grandmother, observing this white woman in the front of the bus complaining (all of these nearby complainers were white people), noting the woman’s unkempt appearance, her rotting teeth, her weird, wafting pound cake odor.
The bus suddenly became more crowded. It seemed to be stopping every ten feet to let on another passenger, another potential small-talker. The grandmother had sat near the front of the bus to avoid others. For this time of the morning, past the early hours when people were riding to work but still before noon, there was a fair number of empty seats, despite the crowding. Yet everybody kept crowding near the grandmother. 
“Charity begins at home,” the grandmother’s seatmate repeated.
“Yup.”
“Yup.”
“You right.”
Empowered by this attention, the grandmother’s seatmate took it to the next level: “Outer space people don’t need no help. You got people down here needing that help. How that look, shipping up help to outer space people up there, when it’s down-here people down here ain’t getting no down-here help down here? That don’t make no kind of sense. Do it?”
“Yup.”
“Yup.”
“You right,” repeated the unkempt pound cake woman seated in front of them. "You got your trophies for participation,” she listed, sing-songy. “You got your charity begins at home. You got your outer space people up there getting down-here pudding up there that us down-here people down here ain’t getting down here. Space pudding. Our rightful space pudding with the sugar-sugar in it!”
The pound cake woman paused. She stared at everybody as if they were supposed to give her the next line to say. Oh yes, here it comes, thought the grandmother, a longtime veteran of riding these city buses. Here comes the freedom her grandson Shamar had died for:
“I hate to interrupt Taylor Swift down here!” the pound cake woman shouted. “I fricking hate it when I have to interrupt Ms. Taylor!”
Obviously afflicted, the poor child had her head turned around facing the grandmother while shouting this madness. The grandmother sympathized with the woman’s condition but, good Lord, those teeth, that hair, that vanilla extract on her breath, bless her heart. Had this child imbibed vanilla extract to get drunk? Is that why she smelled like a pound cake?
Toad spit, the grandmother fumed inwardly while nodding along outwardly. Toad spit and Momma Ruthie boots freshly removed after picking cotton. How the heck had Momma Ruthie made it in those fields back in the day with talkative cotton pickers on her row? Surely there must have been talkative, complaining cotton pickers back then. People aren’t that different. Just think about how long they were out in those fields, how much they had to complain about. The dirt. The heat. The bugs. The boss man. Even when you took your water break, people would be wanting to talk (and news of the world was smaller back then so think about how often small-talkers repeated the same small news). Goodness gracious, there ain’t that much snuff in the world. Didn’t Momma Ruthie say daawgh?
The man in the bus seat across the aisle started talking politics. The woman in the bus seat next to the grandmother started talking immigration. The woman in the bus seat in front of the grandmother starting talking abortion. Space people abortion.
Knowing what she knew about her breakfast that morning, the grandmother permitted her body to break wind. Silent…
…but jarring! 
It took about ten seconds for the poot to circulate from nose to nose but no longer than twenty seconds to shut every mouth in the grandmother’s proximity. 
Momma Ruthie ain’t got nothing on me, observed the grandmother, permitting herself to smile. 
Fluffy eggs, well-drained bacon.
Chicory!
“Next stop,” announced the computerized bus notification. And then it robotically pronounced the street name that was the grandmother’s destination. 
“Amen,” sang the grandmother, now standing with cane in hand, now taking her leave from these talkative white folks, to gift silence, sweet Godly silence — and chicory flavored gas — in her immediate wake. Still startled, the group remained quieted by the poot.
Take that, vanilla!
The bus driver, who was quite kindly, helped her onto the lift.
*
Gas wouldn’t hush them up where she was headed, though, the grandmother lamented, stepping back into the morning air. Thanks to the will of her dead, bad grandson, she was due now to speak truth to a power to which she had never had voice to speak.
Her dead grandson Curtis, in his will, had arranged for her to get new furniture. All she had to do was go to the showroom and pick out what she wanted. It was prepaid. But the grandmother had not been in a furniture store in over sixty years. Her last showroom experience had been so hostile that she had forsaken the notion of ever stepping inside one again. She had relied upon Salvation Army and Goodwill for her furniture, had relied upon, for a variety of needs, many a Bottoms church charity over the years. 
Then what was she doing out here in front of this fancy place of business, planting her knotty cane upon this notably clean and unbroken sidewalk? Who did she think she was, and more importantly, who would they think she was?
But wait!
Pet sounds.
*
Poor people, whether or not they acknowledge it, grow accustomed to bad customer service. Oh, they can complain about it. They can cause a scene in the offices of the electric company. Dollar stores may be arenas of great battles fought with curse words and shouting and threats to cut and kick specific body parts of the dollar store clerks. In her time, the grandmother had witnessed poor people so angered by bad or indifferent customer service that they would spit on the floor of the store. She had witnessed Momma Ruthie empty her spit cup onto the cigar box/cash drawer at a roadside vegetable stand, when so angered by bad customer service.
In her time, the grandmother had also witnessed the emerging presence of armed security guards in places of business where there previously had not been armed security guards posted. She didn’t know how she felt about that. Likewise conflicted were her thoughts on the police patrols in her impoverished Bottoms neighborhood. On the one hand, a show of force made her feel that at least attention was being paid to the crime going on down there. If not her, at least somebody was complaining. On the other hand, the presence of “patarollers,” as Momma Ruthie would attest, was never a good thing for black folk. When an armed guard was the first sight the grandmother saw when stepping into the grocery store on a Saturday morning, those groceries had a different taste to them, like the biscuits needed more time to rise, like the grits needed a pinch more salt.
“They’re stealing the laundry detergent now,” she could imagine her former bus mates clucking. “Shoot, no wonder they got police in there. It’s bad enough you can’t get no good cold medicine no more, not none that work for head colds. It’s no wonder at all they got police in there, in the schools, in the doggone Hardee’s — in some ‘bout everyplace now!” 
“Yup.”
“Yup.”
“You right.”
The grandmother wanted to complain. She wanted to join the chorus of people like those she had just left on that city bus, the constant complainers and the whiners and the chronically dissatisfied. There was much to be dissatisfied about during a poor person’s day.
Complaining, however, had been the very reason why she now stood conflicted between entering the furniture store, the destination as intended by her dead grandson Curtis’ will, or entering the pet store situated beside the furniture store. She didn’t know if she wanted to venture into the furniture store just yet. 
Toads, Momma Ruthie, didn’t your warts come from those toads and those snakes and those other slime creatures in that creek behind the house? The grandmother knew that one did not really contract warts like that, but it made her smile to think about it, to picture her mean old grandmother rubbing her face with toads and snakes and a baby alligator or two. Was Momma Ruthie mean, though? Because she hadn’t cared for the company of idle chit chat, did that make Momma Ruthie mean enough to consort with creek creatures? And, oh Lord, had Momma Ruthie’s anti-social ways rubbed off onto her granddaughter like so much bitter mud?
I won’t care for the professional small talk of the salespeople in that furniture store, thought the grandmother, leaning on her cane as she stood on the sidewalk. And I won’t care for the bad customer service they got waiting for me in that furniture store. Thank you, Curtis. Thank you, my dead grandson Curtis who I didn’t really like nor did I really dislike, but who I knew gave my daughter and her husband a hard time when you were alive. And now look at what you got me into!
The grandmother pictured herself inside the pet store, smiling as she watched the children watch the animals that the children wanted as pets. The mental picture was just that, however — a notion that made her smile. Making her now frown was the reality of what she had to do, who she had to listen to, and the fact that no matter how much money was being traded, they would never really listen to her. Because they don’t have to, the grandmother thought with a sigh. I need what they don’t need. She then wondered if new furniture was worth all this vexation on a hot Monday morning in December, wondered if she could make the next bus heading back down to her neighborhood. Her prosthetic hip implant interrupted her thinking as if her thinking were Taylor Swift: you know I need me that full-electric hospital bed, complained her prosthetic hip implant, stabbing her with a pointed pain to remind her of the reason to be standing outside this furniture store.
Another stab sent her inside.
*
“Daawgh” is a south Alabama utterance? This author has not heard it uttered anywhere else. It sounds like one is saying “dog” and “awl” combined, with a silent “g” and “l” and a drawled “aw.” Wait, is that the best way to describe a vocal sound? You try it.  
Say, “Daawgh.”
When one exclaims “Daawgh!” something messed up has happened. The bank is closed on a day that you hadn’t known was a holiday. Daawgh! Your apartment building has shut off the water for maintenance on the morning you’re applying for a new job. Daawgh! The new job that you’re applying for is at the bank that you hadn’t known would be closed today and now you’re unwashed and itchy in a suit or in a dress, exclaiming “Daawgh!” to a CLOSED sign posted on the door of a bank nobody else is walking up to but you. 
In your suit. 
Or your dress. 
Unwashed and itchy. 
Exclaiming “Daawgh!” while still unemployed.
“Daawgh!” can be tricky, though. Most times it is exclaimed for relatively mild annoyances when harsher language is just too harsh. For example, one may angrily say “Daawgh!” when one’s car is low on gas while suddenly sitting in stopped traffic on the interstate. The shut-off apartment water scenario is happening to you. But if an ill-prepared soul with a gas can walks past your well-fueled car while you’re suddenly sitting in stopped traffic on the interstate, to that ill-prepared soul’s misfortune, one respectfully says, “Daawgh,” sans exclamation. The shut-off apartment water scenario is happening to them; therefore, a soft, polite but dispassionate “Daawgh” is merely uttered in sympathetic observation: Daawgh, partner, that gas station is thirty miles back. On the other side of the interstate. I feel for you, friend. But you know what? Better you than me.
Daawgh.
A variation, “Gwa’daawgh!” combines “God” and “Daawgh” in a facsimile of profanity. “Gwa’daawgh!” was too close to blasphemy for the grandmother to use. Similar to her never having used profanity, the grandmother had never dipped snuff. She had never taken pulverized tobacco leaves into her mouth and let the nicotine soak into her bloodstream through her inner cheek like her grandmother, Momma Ruthie, had done. No, she had never pinched a dip of Tube Rose snuff, had never even contemplated ingesting the fine brown powder, not even the peach flavored snuff that some country country folks liked to sniff every now and again. It struck her as a disgusting habit that Momma Ruthie had used to keep small-talkers at bay. The nicotine that had satiated Momma Ruthie often came by way of snuff, sometimes came by way of a pipe, but her granddaughter (the good one out of twelve grandchildren) had never used such substances, had never used alcohol, had never used profanities, and thus could not now rely upon any accessible sins to soothe her anxiety. 
She simply had to settle for exclaiming, “Daawgh!” as she now stepped into the furniture store. Her emphatic exclamation “Daawgh!” came as a result of seeing the most beautiful, elegant furniture that she had ever seen in her life. The grandmother was eighty-two years old and had seen beautiful, elegant furniture before, but not this beautiful and elegant. The previous occasion had been quite different.
When she was twenty-two, her husband had sent her on a mission from The Bottoms into the finer part of the city to scout for new furniture. He had grown tired of secondhand pieces gifted to him and his family and to her and her family for generations and generations, passing down and receiving (gratefully receiving) old flat couches and smelly, torn sofas and warped wooden dressers and moldy, flat mattresses. If she found some pieces that caught her eye, her husband had said he would join her on a second trip into the finer part of the city. The finer points of financing the potential furniture purchase would come later. All she had to do on her exploratory mission was look. 
See. 
Discover. 
Sit.
When the grandmother had been twenty-two, a story about racist white furniture store owners would have made Momma Ruthie say “Daawgh.” Such a “Daawgh” would have been said with a compassionless, jaded tone, a jaded tone that related, “Yeah, that’s terrible, child, but not surprising. Humph. Daawgh. Really? Shoot. Child, it be’s that way.” Nobody likes hearing an unsympathetic “daawgh” said to them in response to their sharing a hellish experience. Tough love has its place but sometimes you want that other “Daawgh!” the “Daawgh!” that registers profanity-strength sympathy from people who don’t practice profanity. You want empathy for your water being shut off. Instead, Momma Ruthie had always uttered a jaded, dispassionate, rote, conservative, “Humph. Daawgh. Really? Shoot. Child, it be’s that way.” Surely Momma Ruthie had learned to love tough due to having lived through undeniably tougher times. Surely. But does that mean love was different back in the day? Heaven and hell have changed? Souls are softer now and require empathy and sympathy that previous generations could not afford to show?
When the grandmother had been twenty-two, the hellish experience that she had shared with Momma Ruthie had been about a black furniture store employee (not owner) who wouldn’t let her sit on any of the furniture in the store. When she had been twenty-two and standing in a white-owned furniture store, being scowled at by a black employee, she had never truly questioned her role in The Civil Rights Movement, didn’t really think that she played an active role, nor did she have any way of knowing that she had been the first black customer of a relatively progressive white furniture store owner who had unwittingly hired a very non-progressive black clerk. The grandmother had not been ignorant when she was twenty-two. She knew that there was something in the mindset of some city black people that just wasn’t right, how they treated the Bottoms black folk who came into the finer part of the city to trade. But in 1957, her mission in that furniture store had not called for psychological assessment of emerging black professionals. Her mission had been to look. 
See. 
Discover. 
Sit.
In 1957, they wouldn’t let her sit. Not on the couch that she had liked, not on the chair that she had favored, and definitely not on the bed that she had wanted. Three words, when she had started to lie down on their beautiful and elegant bed, three words had kept her out of furniture store showrooms for the next sixty years, three words spoken by a young black professional in 1957, in a suit, itchy at work on his first day, giving bad black customer service to their first black customer. Three words:
“Don’t do that.”
And when she had told Momma Ruthie about the worst day of her twenty-two years, Momma Ruthie had simply said, “Daawgh.” No sympathy. No empathy. No exclamation. Tough love. Old-school love. Work-weary love. The tired old woman had said “Daawgh” to her crying granddaughter exactly the wrong way. “Child, it ain’t no surprise because,” said while paying more attention to her snuff, “Humph. Daawgh. Really? Shoot. Child, it be’s that way.”
And now here she was, sixty years later, far from twenty-two. Her husband, who had originally given her this mission, her husband had died decades ago. Her grandson Curtis, who had died recently, had unknowingly sent his grandmother (who he had loved unconditionally and regardless of her misgivings about him), had unknowingly sent his grandmother on a return trip to trauma.
And now here was another black furniture store clerk. And a white one. And a Hispanic one. Some clerks were young, some clerks were middle-aged, some had nose rings, some had green and purple hair. Most had tattoos. But none of this contemporariness triggered her fear, shame, and embarrassment like those three words that she now dreaded this modern young black professional was about to say as he approached her.
Frozen with a sudden anxiety that she had not felt since black people were not welcome in this part of town (not welcomed by racist whites nor welcomed by self-loathing blacks), the grandmother stopped just inches away from the foot of the full-electric adjustable hospital bed that she’d wanted since she’d first seen it advertised on her outdated floor-model TV.
Three words.
“Don’t…”
Oh, Lord, thought the grandmother, trembling so badly that she almost fell on her cane. Oh, Lord, I’ve made a mistake! I don’t need this bed! I don’t deserve this bed! I don’t deserve anything nice, Lord! I don’t deserve anything but hearing poor people complain about the poor products and the poor services and the sometimes-poor behavior of the other poor people us always-poor people have to keep putting up with! Do we only deserve to hear ourselves complain, Lord? Do we deserve nice things? Or do we deserve to be poor? Expect it. Grow accustomed to it. Get used to being treated like a spit cup, child, because, daawgh, it be’s that way.
“Don’t,” this modern young black man said to the eighty-two-year-old black grandmother, “fall asleep.”
Don’t fall asleep?
“People have been known to fall asleep on it,” laughed the clerk. He noticed that the elderly woman was not finding him funny (she actually looked afraid) and so he spoke to her more gently. “When you lie down,” the customer’s servant assured her, smiling. “Don’t fall asleep.”
She did, of course.
She didn’t think she would fall asleep on the full-electric adjustable hospital bed in this furniture store, but she did. The clerk adjusted the motorized mattress to comfort the pain caused by her prosthetic hip implant, and that was it. Knocked out! She fell asleep like that white lady in the television commercial always fell asleep. Shoes on, cane against the nightstand.
Snoring like a boss!
In fact, the grandmother fell into such a deep slumber that when Momma Ruthie appeared in her dream, the grandmother immediately became twenty-two again. She dreamt that she was sitting at Momma Ruthie’s feet, by the creek behind the house, and Little Ruthie talked and she talked and she talked about the nice black furniture store clerk and how well he had treated her. A wonder, if this would not have been but a dream. 
Later, in the waking world, the grandmother would likewise marvel at how promptly the home improvement store clerk with the dyed green hair had replaced the new refrigerator that had broken (like her old left hip) three months after it had been installed in her new home in her new Liberty Village affluent black subdivision, the relocation that Curtis, in his afterlife, wondered might be a mistake — this gift of a rich new life for someone so used to being so poor.
It hadn’t been a mistake. Some mistakes can be corrected. A month after claiming her new home and the worldly concerns that came with it, came a new surgery, thanks to her dead grandson’s will, thanks to her dead grandson’s spirit. Corrected then was the pain caused by the poor customer service of her previous hip surgery. Corrected then was some pain.
Not all of her pain?
Some.
Daawgh!
Triumph of The Southside Ladyjacks
“Get up there, ball!”
They used to be called the Southside Ladybashers, but Brenda Summers had effectively argued that a softball team full of black women from the Acacia Heights housing projects could do without the unflattering connotations of the name “Ladybashers.”
“Get up there, ball!”
“Bashers,” of course, had come from the indisputable fact that Brenda and her teammates bashed the softball like it owed them money. But as of tonight’s game, they were Ladybashers no more. Now they “jacked” the ball, as Brenda had pitched it to her teammates last week. They jacked balls.
“Aggressively,” said Brenda, as she paced the dugout, addressing her teammates on the bench. “When we were the Ladybashers, everybody suspected that we were the ones who were getting bashed.”
“How do you know that?” asked Faye Danzey, and Brenda Summers thought to herself, Of course, it would be Faye Danzey. “Bashed,” said Faye, glaring at Brenda. “I didn’t see you standin’ at the box office, pollin’ nobody, Chipmunk. That’s in your mind.”
“Maybe,” said Brenda, dusting off the front of her new jersey. “But from now on, we do the jackin’ around here, girlfriends.”
Abruptly, Brenda began to perform a cheerleading routine. A spirit emergency had presented itself, and, as self-appointed rally captain, Brenda Summers had no choice but to respond. Arms akimbo, cleats spread wide: “BE AGGRESSIVE! B-E AGGRESSIVE! B-E-A-G-G-”
Her cheer was promptly interrupted by a barely dodged slap from Faye Danzey. Brenda backed away from the bench a step. However, she continued her routine, arm gestures and dance moves accelerating.
“Ain’t you grown?” asked another teammate, perturbed. “Such behavior on your part is what’s drawin’ all these hateful mosquitoes, Brenda Summers.”
Nobody else commented, much less felt the need to join Brenda in her cheer. Of the Ladyjacks’ roster, there were five women sitting on the dugout bench. Some were looking out at the game, some were swatting mosquitoes, and some were doing both while chugging from their water bottles. Other Ladyjacks were in various stages of preparation outside the dugout. Collectively, the team was somewhat tired of Brenda Summers. Ever since she had started this name-change crusade, her college-dropout affliction had been working overtime. Didn’t nobody give a damn about all that. It was too hot to give a damn about all that. A Ladyjack was at bat — that’s what Brenda Summers should’ve been giving a damn about.
“Brenda, you need to sit your ass down on this bench,” said Faye Danzey, clapping a cloud of mosquitoes to death between her bulky hands. “You keep on, you gonna wind up gettin’ jacked by your own teammates, lady.”
“Clever,” said Brenda, still performing her cheerleader routine. “Typical Faye Danzey. Of course, you’re not content with the new uniforms. You’re never content with anything, Faye. You have no personal affirmation of spirit.”
“These new uniforms itch,” said Faye. “I already done told you that.”
“Wash it,” said Brenda.
“In the middle of the game?”
“Faye, I don’t hear anybody else complaining.”
“Brenda, that’s because ain’t nobody else gonna walk up and snatch you bald-headed. You’re the biggest mosquito out here, you know that?”
Brenda continued to dance. She stuck her tongue out at Faye but made sure not to stick it out too far. Faye Danzey, their powerhouse slugger, was a considerable mass of woman. Her attempts to yank out Brenda’s tongue at any and all sightings were as consistent as the slugger’s cornrow hair style. Faye was fat and defiant, the she-Babe of the Southside Ladyjacks. And if that didn’t say enough about Faye Danzey, the knife scarring below her double chins said far too much. To Brenda, it looked as if somebody had tried to slice the rolls of fat off Faye’s neck.
“You think I’m playin’,” said Faye, glaring at Brenda, who was still dancing. “I know this much — you better save some of that ‘personal affirmation of spirit’ to knock me in after I get on first base. Better yet, why don’t you come over here and fill them cheeks up for the winter, Chipmunk. Munch, munch, munch, munch, munch!”
Now the bench was laughing. Brenda turned her back to look out at the game. Despite the current grade-school hijinks, the Ladyjacks were all grown women. At twenty-five years of age, Brenda Summers was the youngest, but age had nothing to do with her exuberance on this particular night.
“Get up there, ball!” shouted Coach Biv, demanding the fate of the at-bat Ladyjack’s swing. “Get up there, ball!”
Coach Biv patrolled the edge of the diamond like a sentry. He was the oldest member of the Ladyjacks outfit, mature enough to have seen the Negro Baseball Leagues as a kid. To Coach Biv, every second of the game was a spirit emergency. The gray-headed black man rallied history itself by willing — and expecting — nothing but the best from his team. In fact, Coach Biv had championed Brenda Summers’ notion of changing their name from Ladybashers to Ladyjacks. The former name had been inherited. Coach Biv always championed change.
“All right, Faye Danzey,” said Coach Biv, moving toward the dugout. “I want to see you up off that bench. You know you up after Cheryl. Let’s go, let’s go, let’s go!”
“Old man, you better pour out that hip flask,” said Faye Danzey, flattening her cleats with a straining rise. “It’s eleven to zip. Them white girls still at home, eatin’ Atkins.”
Again the bench laughed. Watching the mighty Faye Danzey level the steps of the dugout with her laborious exit, Brenda pulsated with energy. Aggressive, aggressive. That was the key: B-E-A-G-G-R-E-S-S-I-V-E! She hadn’t felt this anxious since she had written off to several black celebrities for a “good black parent” car loan. She could feel it in the air tonight. Change. New grass. New hope.
“Mind in the game down there, Summers,” said Coach Biv. “Starry eyed. I can’t have that tonight. Whatever you’re thinking about, you’d better go ahead and work it out before you pick up that bat. Showtime, baby.”
“But —”
“Showtime, baby. Showtime.”
*
What Brenda Summers was thinking about was the fact that her son was in the stands. She hadn’t seen her son in more than four years. She had just brought him to her transplanted home here in Alabama — all the way from California. By bus. That was a lot to think about.
On both sides of the home plate umpire, the aluminum bleachers bowed under the weight of the spectator crowds. Tonight was the first night of the women’s softball season. Tonight was the first night of the season, but it may as well have been the tenth night during a rain delay as far as the rival team and their fans were concerned. Paris Touch Home Décor was in the throes of their own spirit emergency. It had started during the first inning, when Faye Danzey had executed a satellite-smashing grand slam. Three innings, three Faye Danzey highlight reels later, the score was now Ladyjacks, eleven, Paris Touch, zero. The only perceptible sound coming from the Paris Touch bleachers was the incessant smack of palms slapping mosquitoes against bitten white skin. Paris Touch Home Décor and their fans were all white. The Southside Ladyjacks and their fans were all black. No exceptions on the diamond, no exceptions in the stands. The officiating staff was all white, but the concessions staff was not.
By the time Faye Danzey had waddled up to home plate with her bat, Brenda Summers, too, had exited the dugout. Currently, Brenda stood near the chain-link fence that separated the playing field from the Ladyjacks’ stands. Her eyes scanned the wall of faces, searching for her kid. She grew nervous when she couldn’t find him. Alexander was six years old, and Brenda knew that he was curious about his new surroundings. He was also precocious. Among his many talents, Brenda had discovered, her son was adept at gathering information. Alexander had not only researched his Alabama destination before the bus trip from California, he had also downloaded gigabytes of knowledge concerning the entire Southeastern United States. This had made for a highly informative bus ride, as their fellow travelers could attest. Brenda was delighted with her son’s thirst for knowledge. His mind itself was a veritable search engine. But the real world lacked filters, as Brenda well knew. She was on the verge of panicking when she failed to spot her son in the Ladyjacks’ stands.
“Hey, Mom,” came a voice from behind the dugout, on the spectator side of the fence. “Look at me — I just bought some crack.”
“What?” said Brenda.
“Cracklings,” said Alexander, producing a carton full of pork rinds. “I just bought some cracklings. ‘The crisp part remaining after hog fat or poultry fat has been rendered.’ Webster’s New World College Dictionary, Fourth Edition, Mom, come on. I was offered crack cocaine, too, but that’s not nearly as regional.”
“Alexander,” said Brenda firmly. “I am not telling you again where it is that I want you to sit. Right there, right on the front row, right next to Miss Hattie.”
Alexander turned around and looked at the kindly old woman who was sitting on the bleachers. She resembled his previous keepers, Grandfather and Grandmother Summers, back in California. His grandparents had been loving guardians, no doubt, but to be under the care of Miss Hattie, however briefly, seemed like a familiar turn in the wrong direction.
“Aw, come on, Mom,” said Alexander, showing his age by fidgeting near the fence.
“Play your Game Boy if you’re bored, Alexander,” said Brenda.
“Aw, come on, Mom, come on. Cracklings.”
“What did I just tell you to do?”
He wasn’t bored, thought Brenda, that was the problem. He was acting more hyper than she was. Despite the fact that they had just got in this morning from their three-day, cross-country bus trip, her six-year-old son had been bouncing around the ballpark as if he had bought something illegal. Not that she trusted the oily, brown, and undoubtedly salty snack food that he was carrying (it looked like deep-fried Styrofoam). Sensory overload enthralled Alexander. The culture shock was too acute. His eyes were darting around, his fingers were greasy. When he slapped at the mosquitoes, she watched him check his little palms for blood.
“Summers!” shouted Coach Biv, loud enough to reach the fence from the edge of the diamond. “Every time I turn around, you up over there at that fence!”
“I’m checking on my kid,” said Brenda. “But I’m into the game. Faye hasn’t even taken her first swing.”
“Brenda Summers, you can kiss my fat ass,” said Faye, staring down the home plate umpire in anticipation of his protesting her language. “Hey, California boy! Hey, refugee! Throw me some of them cracklings, baby! You don’t know what to do with that goodness! Hakuna matata means ‘share hot pork’ down here!”
“No, it doesn’t!” yelled Alexander. “I would’ve learned that when I did a search on the cultural cuisines and popular colloquialism of the Southeastern United States!”
“Huh?” said Faye.
Brenda touched the tips of her fingers to Alexander’s fingers through the chain-link fence. She shook her head. Like mother like son, she thought — two fish with varying degrees of how long they had been out of water. Regardless, Brenda smiled, but her beloved only child failed to smile back.
“Alexander,” said Brenda, with a bus-weary sigh. “Miss Hattie was nice enough to say yes when I asked her to keep an eye on you.”
“I get that,” said Alexander, irritated. “But ‘Miss Hattie’ wasn’t in the search results, either, Mom.”
An immediate heat broke out over Brenda’s skin. She felt as though she had just been caught in a lie. Alexander hadn’t anticipated a Miss Hattie after four years of his grandparents. It didn’t matter that the babysitting was situational at present. Brenda’s son was doing a search of his circumstances both present and past. “Prepare for more of that,” Brenda told herself, as she watched Alexander retreat to the stands. Everything askew in his brilliant young life eventually linked back to his mom.
*
Six years ago, Brenda Summers had birthed Alexander.
There was more preamble to the crisis of Brenda Summers than that, but no one (none of her teammates, at least) tuned in until the familiars of “baby,” and “dropped out of school,” and “haven’t seen Alexander’s father since” were mentioned. Her teammates had tuned into that part of Brenda’s drama as if it were a soap opera. “All My Neglected Children.” The Ladyjacks had never inquired into the whereabouts of Alexander’s father. To them, that part of Brenda’s drama qualified as a rerun, a story that many of them had experienced firsthand.
Six years ago, Brenda Summers had been a sophomore at the private liberal arts college where one of her teammates now cleaned toilets. At that point in Brenda Summers’ life, the crisis had been more existential than dramatic. She didn’t know where she fit in. She didn’t know if she wanted to fit in. There were plenty of people who were willing to help Brenda fit in, and some of them wound up fitting into her.
Six years ago, Faye Danzey had weighed considerable pounds less. That was Faye Danzey’s favorite response to the navel-gazing in Brenda’s preamble about fitting in. “Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Faye would say, yawning. “You’re a misfit. And at one point in my life, I used to be slender. I used to weigh eight pounds and two ounces, at one point in my life. Since then, I haven’t been able to fit into a damn thing, either. What a crazy, mixed-up world.”
The non-boring parts, the aggressive parts of Brenda’s tale of exile, centered on her son. The disgruntled kid beneath the Lakers cap (thank God, Shaquille O’Neal had moved southward), Alexander now looked as out of place in the stands as she had looked trying to claw out a life in this town six years ago. A California native, a depressed college dropout who eventually wound up working at an Alabama chicken processing plant. What a crazy, mixed-up world, indeed.
“Drugs,” Faye Danzey concluded, after suffering through Brenda’s preamble their first week on the job together. “You’re pretty, you’re smart. Athletically skilled. Had something goin’ on for yourself. Then you got caught up with these so-and-sos down here, and you messed it all up. That happens every nine seconds, Brenda Summers.”
“Did that happen to you, Faye Danzey?” Brenda asked. Faye responded by snapping open a chicken.
Brenda had met Faye Danzey, a fellow college dropout, while working at the plant. Faye was equally plainspoken about her own personal existential crisis. “The next person,” she had said to an inquisitive Brenda Summers. “And I mean the very next person who asks me to explain all the oh-so-obvious mistakes I done made in my life, I’m gonna take one of these chickens and beat them unconscious with it. Work is work. I’m glad to have a job. But the fact that I would use a chicken to beat someone unconscious oughtta make my state of affairs self-explanatory, don’t you think?”
Faye lived in the Acacia Heights housing projects. Brenda Summers lived in an apartment complex nearby. As time went on, Brenda found that she enjoyed the massive woman’s equally massive defiance. Faye defied everything, it seemed. Her bosses, her bills, her back pain — yes, she paid them their due, but she refused to give them the satisfaction of her fret.
The other then-Southside Ladybashers Brenda had also become acquainted with at work, or at night clubs, or both. Her drinking and drugging career intensified. She spent more time with night people than she did with her kid. Around this time, Brenda’s father and mother had decided to stop criticizing long-distance the oh-so-obvious mistakes that Brenda was making in her life and instead, intervened. Father and Mother Summers flew in from California after months of telephone battles. They investigated the impact of their daughter’s substance abuse on her son — bruises on his little body that were unlikely to have been caused by accident, his being left with strangers as she partied, his being left in hot cars, his being neglected and abandoned in unsafe and unclean houses as she pursued men and drugs and drink. Brenda’s parents promptly had her declared unfit to raise Alexander. Child Protective Services, court dates, unsuccessful attempts to flee with her son ensued. And Father Summers had felt no qualms about using his daughter’s train wreck of a life to sabotage her defense. How could he not? She had left a shameful pile of debris to be sorted.
Brenda’s parents took Alexander back to California, back to her previous home, just when he reached the age of two. Just when he reached the age of two, Brenda lit the candles on his birthday cake at approximately the same time that her son and his grandparents became airborne, headed west.
Time was slow to heal Brenda Summers. Her personal affirmation of spirit had all the conviction of Faye Danzey’s attempts to lose weight. Brenda quit drinking, Brenda quit drugs. Brenda quit men, then relapsed on all three. Prompted by their coworkers at the plant, Brenda and Faye both joined the women’s softball league. The sport invigorated. The sport rejuvenated. Somehow Faye Danzey wound up gaining more weight (owing, perhaps, to her fondness for concession cracklings). The competitiveness and the camaraderie of the then-Southside Ladybashers served to reawaken, to stimulate in Brenda Summers, the parts of her that she had allowed herself to neglect. Her love for athleticism returned. Her love for music returned, although the son that she loved to sing to was long gone. Brenda’s love for her son, however, had never abandoned her, nor had she ever abandoned that love, despite the painful acknowledgment, the painful truth that she had, in spirit, abandoned baby Alexander when he needed her most.
It was during a typically despondent evening that an instant message popped up while she was downloading Karla Bonoff’s “Cold Wind Blow.” Brenda had always loved that song, and then, suddenly and mysteriously, it started loving her back.
Hey, Mom. Guess what? Shaq Fu!
Not the most poetic turn of phrase from her bright little hope, but God, did it free the tears. The message was completely unexpected. Brenda had no idea how her son had located her via the internet, and later (after they had verified each other’s identity — he knew more about her than she knew about him) she would be surprised to discover that the search was entirely Alexander’s doing. She had given birth to a wunderkind, who was, fortunately, wondering about his own mother. She wasn’t quite sure how the mystical tenets of Shaq Fu, the winsome aura of the then-Laker Shaquille O’Neal, figured into this sudden miracle, but she loved her son, and she loved him all the more for trying to explain it — in all his youthful zest.
Aw, come on, Mom, Shaq Fu!
Gradually, Brenda learned to stop feeling sorry for herself. Gradually, she got a mean-on, and she started to fight. There had been no shame in asking for help. Substance abuse counseling and life management guidance fostered her personal affirmation of spirit. That being said, she still hadn’t received a car loan. However, her dedication to improving her life had genuinely impressed her parents. And now Brenda Summers had been granted custody of her son. Her bright little hope had returned.
*
“Get up there, ball!” Coach Biv commanded, drawing Brenda’s attention back to the game. “All right now, Faye Danzey, just because you’re the hero of the day don’t mean you can slip out of that cape!”
“I’m bored,” said Faye, yawning at the Paris Touch pitcher. “She up there tryin’ to pitch like she Randy Johnson — knowin’ good and well she got a bid down on Martha Stewart’s prison salad — munch, munch, munch, munch, munch!”
“Faaaaye,” muttered Brenda through clenched teeth. If it were not for the fact that the umpire, not to mention the Ladyjacks’ opponents, was too obviously cowed by Faye Danzey’s presence, the Ladyjacks’ she-Babe would long since have been ejected from the game. Trash talking, however encrypted, was a big no-no in their sport. But Faye Danzey was bigger.
“Let’s go, Ladyjacks!” chanted the fans. “Let’s go, Ladyjacks!” rocking the stands.
“Summers!” yelled Coach Biv, tapping a finger against his head. “Showtime, baby!”
Brenda walked over to accept her favorite bat from the cutest, littlest equipment manager, a teammate’s four-year-old daughter. The girl could only drag the aluminum bat on the ground. Toothy and clumsy, the cutest, littlest equipment manager always got a round of applause from the Ladyjacks’ fans as soon as she appeared.
Finally approaching the on-deck circle, Brenda checked the scoreboard as if it had miraculously changed: Ladyjacks, eleven; Paris Touch, zero. Faye had been right again. Paris Touch bored — at least, in regard to their athleticism. Other aspects of the opposing team, certain aspects, as Brenda regarded them, were much more enthralling.
In particular, the Paris Touch pitcher displayed a rather provocative hip thrust whenever she threw the ball. The woman had big legs, those big Southern legs that Brenda had grown to appreciate during her years as a transplant. And she grunted. At earsplitting decibels, the Paris Touch pitcher grunted — deeply, gutturally, unabashedly cathartic — each release on the mound bringing a quick, whirling whip of her blond ponytail. Fast-pitch gives you a good estimation of potential hip velocity, thought Brenda Summers (unabashedly). And, goodness gracious, did that girl have a grunt!
Unnnngh!
Like two scissoring Maria Sharapovas trying to twist open a pickle jar the hard way. Damn, girl, I’d shock you like an Eighth Street cell phone, thought Brenda, as some of her teammates were known to say. Girl, you better come up off that —
Suddenly, a bomb exploded in the vicinity of home plate. Brenda was shocked by the pitcher, rather than the other way around. The Paris Touch arm had launched a dedicated tank-cracker, blasting the receiving catcher’s glove with a powerful smack. A wisp of orange smoke immediately rose from the leather. The crowd went “Wooooo!” on both sides of the umpire. The cutest, littlest equipment manager had to duck to avoid the catcher’s mitt, hurled hotly in hand-shaking disbelief.
“Strike!” yelled the home plate umpire.
“Shut up!” yelled Faye Danzey.
Meanwhile, there was trouble brewing on the mound. Rather than pitch to Faye Danzey, the Paris Touch chucker started throwing dangerous head shots. Ziiiiip! They flew past Faye Danzey’s helmet. Pow! They exploded into the wall behind the plate. Anybody could guess that it was the lopsided score that had driven the pitcher to snap. Anybody could guess that, but Brenda Summers knew that only Faye Danzey’s mouth could provoke such a volcanic reaction.
“Hakuna matata,” sang Faye, taunting the Paris Touch pitcher. “Look at these Southside so-and-sos holdin’ you down to zero, Paris Touch. On opening day? Girl, what must you be thinkin’?”
Decapitation, thought Brenda, as she observed the escalating tension on the field. The batting stance alone that Faye Danzey had adopted threatened nothing short of public disturbance. She didn’t lean forward. She didn’t lean back. Faye Danzey stood ramrod straight, stomach proud, ass unashamed. Her fingers squeezed the neck of the bat as if it were the last chicken of the shift. Perfectly vertical, she held it, arrogantly she held it, stubbornly she held it — her wind-splitter just waiting to chop.
“Let’s go, Ladyjacks!” chanted the fans. “Let’s go, Ladyjacks!” rocking the stands.
The fact that the Paris Touch pitcher had yet to say anything in response to Faye’s goading worried Brenda. Sure, it was more sportsmanlike to keep your cool and let the umpire deal with such verbal violations. But the home plate official had yet to ask Faye for his testicles back, much less warn Paris Touch about their angry, loose cannon of an arm. The pitcher was glowering atop the mound, shooting daggers from her blue eyes, her sweaty blond hair plastered to the sides of her scowling face. When she didn’t throw, she didn’t grunt — a silenced weapon, cocked and ready to fire.
To add to the mounting tension, Faye was known to lead the Ladyjacks’ swarm onto the field (which Brenda had always participated in, but in front of her kid?). And the fact that Faye had yet to do so in response to the pitcher’s gunning worried Brenda all the more. For such a big woman, there appeared not to be one bead of sweat between Faye’s cornrows and the rolls of fat on her knife-scarred neck.
“Look at you,” said Faye, smirking at the seething pitcher. “Southside do bad, ya’ll ain’t happy. Southside do good, y’all ain’t happy. Southside do outright phenomenal —”
The Paris Touch softball rocketed toward home plate. Brenda had only seen the pitcher’s hips wiggle. There had been no perceptible windup. The game they played was fast-pitch softball — underhanded, body-shaking, rapid-motion missile strikes — there had to be a perceptible windup.
Yet, spliced between the word “phenomenal” and the involuntary blink that shuddered Brenda’s view, the Paris Touch softball had shot like a bullet. It flew far (approximately forty-three feet), and it flew stealthily (no audible grunt), and it flew fast (a white mirage).
And Faye Danzey hit it.
Wham!
“— outright phenomenal,” said Faye, completing her speech. “And the world just stops making sense.”
Brenda didn’t see where the ball went. It went up. Of course, it went up. At a moon-punching angle, the ball flew up, up, up. Most people saw it go up. Nobody saw it come down. Nobody could testify that they saw it come down. Not even the Paris Touch fans could put the final destination of the screaming white sphere anywhere other than in outer space.
A hush fell over the diamond. No slapping of mosquitoes or celebratory cheering could be heard from either side of the stands.
There was a full minute of craning necks, yet no sign of the awesomely “jacked” ball. No ball dropped to Earth. No ball fell back to terra. Everybody was staring up at the night sky — players, coaches, fans, ballpark staff, and even the cutest, littlest equipment manager — all searching for the softball that had left orbit above the dome of the ballpark lights.
And
would
not
come
back
down.
“If there’s a God in the heavens,” said Faye, observing the sea of upturned faces. “May the ghost of my eighth-grade girls’ P.E. coach be sittin’ upon you all. Munch, munch, munch, munch, munch.”
As if that didn’t tweak the miracle enough, Faye unexpectedly lumbered back toward the Ladyjacks’ dugout. She didn’t even walk to first base, much less run to it. What she did do was ignore the fantastical. People were wondering why that ball hadn’t obeyed the rules of gravity. They were too stunned to wonder why the woman who had hit that softball was disobeying the rules of the game. Presumably, Faye Danzey was outing herself by not running her bases. But, of course, she had long stopped giving a damn about that.
“Stay up there, ball!” yelled Coach Biv, hopping up and down as he pulled out his hip flask. “You little hateful white cracka!”
“Cracker,” said Alexander Summers, looking upward from the stands. “A person or device that cracks. A firecracker. A thin, crisp wafer or biscuit. Poor white — contemptuous term. A person born or living in Florida or Georgia — humorous usage. Hey, Mom! Where were the Smokey and The Bandit movies set?”
Brenda did not know the answer to that question. Nor was she quite sure what to make of Coach Biv’s impromptu outburst, or, for that matter, of the apparent outer space location of the softball that had inspired it. To Brenda Summers, the Paris Touch pitcher and the Ladyjacks slugger had both been equally stimulating in their volcanic clash. And people were astonished by the heights of the eruption? Would the spinning, spanked ball ever come back down to Earth?
All Brenda Summers knew for certain was that she could see her bright little hope in the stands, gazing up at the stars. The vision made her radiate with just as much pride as when she had opened the first box of the new Ladyjacks uniforms. Three-day bus trip, a life above water — there was no way that she was going to have her son miss the mighty, mighty Ladyjacks’ dominating debut. She smiled, renewed in her cheering, joining the awestruck crowd in staring up, up, up.
And
that’s
when
the
ball
came
down
down
down.
“I caught it!” yelled Alexander, waving the stitch-popped proof in his hands. “Mom, look at me! I caught it! I caught the ball! How cool is this?”
Immediately, Brenda Summers dropped her bat in the on-deck circle. She ran back toward the fence. Her son was dancing on top of the bleachers where she had told him to sit, right next to Miss Hattie, right there in the front row, right where the ball had dropped from the firmament like a God-tossed peach. Alexander leaped from the stands, running down to the field to rejoice with his mother, meeting her at the open fence gate.
“Wow, what a catch!” yelled Brenda, as she hugged her long-lost son, her long-lost hope. “How did you do that, Alexander!”
“Aw, Mom, come on! You know it’s just my Shaq Fu!”
Faye Danzey paused a few steps outside the dugout. She looked up at the sky. She looked down at Alexander. She looked back up at the sky. She looked back down at Alexander. The softball that she had hit was now clenched in the young boy’s hands — exploded out of its seams, miraculous hang-time forgotten — its white punctured rind bobbing behind Brenda Summers’ back as the mother and her child embraced.
There it was, the softball that Faye Danzey had hit, pressed against the fabric of what used to be a Ladybashers’ jersey. Now the jersey read “Southside Ladyjacks.” Faye’s jersey read “Southside Ladyjacks” as well, and suddenly Faye Danzey decided that her new jersey no longer itched.
“Well, I’ll be dogged,” said Faye, staring at the celebrating family. “Joy in Mudville, but, evidently, not a lick of magic. Well…maybe just a lick.”
Operation Cake Pop Go! Dance Crisis
“You need a chocolate plan.”
This was Goodson’s Monday morning proclamation to his tenth-grade followers, his dance crew with whom he met out in front of their school building every morning.
“You need a cookie plan,” instructed Goodson. “And… You need a soda plan.”
Ink, who was co-captain of their dance team, Ink raised his clipboard and began to take minutes. Hay Hay, who was youngest of their dance team and least impressed by anything Ink did, Hay Hay raised her imaginary clipboard and began to mock Ink.
“You need a chocolate plan,” Goodson repeated, eating a candy bar. “You need a cookie plan. You need a soda plan.”
Goodson was their captain. When Goodson spoke, his crew listened. When his crew listened, his crew got hyped. When Goodson’s crew got hyped, some of them, the youngest of the squad, most often, immediately started dancing. The youngest, led by Hay Hay, now danced an old dance, a last summer dance that Goodson had originated called The Aunt-tee. When Goodson saw the youngest dancing The Aunt-tee, he said to them, “No. Don’t do The Aunt-tee.”
Hay Hay and them stopped dancing.
“Do The Cake Pop!”
The kids looked at each other quizzically.
“The Cake Pop?” asked Ink, lowering his clipboard and looking about with cartoonish puzzlement. “What’s The Cake Pop, Goodson?” 
The way Ink had asked the question, it sounded like a set-up. It was a set-up, a prepared bit that he and Goodson had figured would be the best way to introduce Goodson’s new dance to the crew. Just in case the youngest didn’t get it, Ink, in an exaggerated simpleton voice, Ink bellowed, “I say, I say, I say, Goodson…what is The Cake Pop?”
The crew went silent. They looked to their leader with smiling anticipation. Ink counted twelve kids in total, six junior members and six competition members, of whom Ink himself was a competition dancer. Their name? Jetpax. Their record? Undefeated leading all the way up to the finals taking place on Friday at school. 
Today was Monday.
Jetpax was gathered in their usual spot outside the school building. They encircled a large metal sculpture, a boll weevil art piece vibrantly painted, incongruent with their brown brick schoolhouse. Rundown and categorized as a place of academic failure, their schoolhouse in The Bottoms had about as much flair as a state trooper’s office. The majority of the other students who were standing out in front of the building that morning likewise lacked the flair of that art piece, which was exactly why Goodson had Jetpax meet him at the multicolored eye candy that sat bedazzled in the middle of the brown grass courtyard. Counting the students who gathered at the flagpole to pray to God (several of whom were Jetpax members who sprinted back over once the prayers were done), there gathered a multitude beneath the sunny morning sky, awaiting the start of school breakfast.
Ink, observant and planning as per the crew role he happily assumed, Ink did a head count of the entire scene, including the faculty and the staff and the security and the parents and the bus drivers and the custodial personnel. When he felt that enough of the crowd were primed to observe the coming performance, Ink nodded to Goodson, Goodson nodded to Ink, and then Ink shouted at the top of his lungs: “Jetpax Crew! Yo, check it! THIS IS THE CAKE POP!”
Synchronicity between Ink and Goodson began with the word “pop.” The two boys approached each other, face to face, directly in front of the boll weevil statue. They then ignited a firecracker fuse of hyperkinetic dance moves — pops and locks and drops, kicks and twists and dips — a firecracker fuse so brightly burning that Ink immediately saw the number of gathered increase from mob to mass. Some of everybody and them were watching. The student onlookers, of course, brought the noise, the joyful noise of celebratory shouts and claps and stomps. Among that portion of the crowd, Ink eyed the rival crews paying attention. With each step-slide-step, with each kick-roll-kick, with each tumble in bounce, with each tumble in harmony, members of competing dance squads observed the duo display their new dance. 
Their showstopper? Why debut a showstopper in public? Bold move. Aggressive move. Atypically aggressive for Goodson, thought Ink, holding eye contact with his captain as they kicked away backwards from each other while cracking off a series of crowd-pleasing finger snaps. And then that candy bar that Goodson had been eating, its wrapper Ink spotted on the lip of a nearby garbage can. 
And then Ink had a thought, a suspicious thought. And then that suspicious thought was immediately consumed by The Cake Pop inferno. Ten steps, nine steps, eight steps to concluding the dance, followed confidently by seven steps, six steps to concluding the dance, followed frustratingly by five steps and then…
They stopped dancing. Doused like a wet wick, steps four, three, two, and one of The Cake Pop remained unseen not only for the gathered crowd of spectators, remained undemonstrated not only for Jetpax Crew — who Ink saw react to the denied dance climax like a dog watching a kid swallow down that last bite of cookout burger — but remained undemonstrated for Ink himself, from whom Goodson had withheld the precious, precious final steps of the best dance ever. 
What the audience had witnessed of The Cake Pop was so dazzling, so intricately constructed that even an onlooker who was completely ignorant of modern dances, the old cloud-topped custodian for example, even he could recognize that The Cake Pop was unfinished, that the fuse had been snuffed before it could ignite that boom powder finale. Shouts of “Aw, come on!” and wails of “Whaaaaat?” were heard amongst the applause and the praise from the overexcited crowd.
“Goodson!” yelled Hay Hay, already practicing the moves she had seen. “You ain’t going to show us the rest of The Cake Pop?”
“Not in front of all them,” explained Lil’ Lil’, another crew member. “Right? He’s going to show us the rest of it later. After breakfast. Right, Goodson?”
Ink, still frenzied from the dance, still breathing rapidly and sweating from the dance, Ink looked over at Goodson. “Right?” was his query, too. Ink walked over to his backpack and took out a bottle of water. As he drank, he observed Goodson leaning with his back against the statue, grinning that merrily rebellious yet authoritative grin of his, that beatific grin famous for persuading others into doing things for a cause they didn’t quite comprehend.
Said Goodson to his dance team, “Today is the last day of candy at school. The vending machines are getting replaced. You get caught with candy, you get into trouble. Now, knowing the knuckleheads that go to this school, fools will be sneaking so much candy up in here, it’s going to be ridiculous. Eating so much candy up in here, it’s going to be ludicrous. Eating more candy just because it’s banned!”
“Uh-oh,” squeaked Hay Hay, prompting Ink to scan the yard. He spotted their vice principal patrolling near the area. The originator of the Friday Fun Assembly, their vice principal championed their dance-offs with Oprah enthusiasm befitting a former “ra ra,” as the kids referred to cheerleaders. Ink observed the former ra ra, their vice principal, attempt two steps of The Cake Pop, shamelessly winning a little attention for herself from the crowd of students milling about as they awaited the breakfast bell. This really will be the dance of the year, thought Ink, watching the most jaded of the cohorts, seniors, joining in on the fun with their playful vice principal. That is, mused Ink, if Captain Abdominal Crunch doesn’t overwork us this week.
By the statue, Goodson continued his instruction: “Now, Jetpax, some of everybody know that ya’ll slam down sugar before ya’ll dance. Sugar-roids. Pounds of chocolate per person. Hard candy, soft candy, energy bars, soda drinks. Dancing on a sugar rush. Is it cheating? I don’t know. I don’t eat sugar. Normally. If you think about it, though, the sugar ban is an opportunity to sew up your haters, Jetpax. Ya’ll don’t need the stimulate. Right? You’re the defending dance champions because of your talent. Right? Let those criminal crews get busted with the contraband candy. And they will get busted because they will act criminally. That’s how they do!”
Overly long, Goodson’s speech lost most of his team’s attention to the sudden appearance of an errant dog running amuck between the line of buses dropping off kids for school. Ink and Hay Hay were the only crew members paying attention to their captain. Too much discipline, thought Ink, returning to the spreadsheets on his clipboard. Even he was starting to bristle at these endless challenge announcements. Did a dance team with a winning streak such as theirs really need to work out so much, practice so often? 
The “criminals,” as Goodson derided the rival crews, the “criminals” were always getting into trouble at school because the “criminals” were always having fun. The rival dancers ate what they wanted to eat, were seen practicing during reasonable hours instead of joining Goodson’s punishing Four A.M. Club, and they performed relatively dirty dances too (within school rules but outright scandalous compared to Jetpax’s family-friendly routines). Guaranteed crowd pleasers, the other teams performed, especially The Boppers, who danced with just enough provocation to earn second place every Friday without getting disqualified due to lewdness. Rival crews weren’t “criminals,” Ink understood, though they were more likely to get into trouble this week by sneaking in candy. 
But at least they got to be kids.
Ink scanned his teammates and saw that boredom had replaced their enthusiasm. With the exception of Hay Hay, intent on recreating The Cake Pop she’d just witnessed, the dancers looked as motivated to move as the statue they encircled.
Goodson continued: “The challenge, so, is this, Jetpax! Get clean! Stay clean! Above! Upright! Strict poppas! Tough mommas! Don’t just avoid the contraband candy, which of course is the number one thing to avoid because you’ll get into trouble if you’re caught with it and won’t be able to dance on Friday. Avoid all the candy! Avoid all the sugar! Don’t stop at the store on the way home from school. Don’t eat momma’s cookies while you’re watching TV. Self-regulation! Self-denial! Ya’ll know how these types of challenges work!”
“Pee strips,” laughed Hay Hay.
“Pee strips,” confirmed Goodson, walking over to correct Hay Hay’s Cake Pop steps via demonstration. While doing so, he promised, “If I believe ya’ll are walking the line, going completely sugar-free, I’ll show ya’ll the next step. And then the next. And then the next until The Cake Pop is complete. The stunner! The showstopper! Ya’ll can see already how much of a stunner it is! It’s the dance of the year, and you know it’s the dance of the year! To review: Avoid the sugar, receive the rest of The Cake Pop, defend your title. That’s the challenge, Jetpax Crew! Like I said. You need a chocolate plan. You need a cookie plan. You need a soda plan. A plan to replace all that poison. Any questions?”
No one responded. The crew looked annoyed. Not angry but definitely annoyed. Ink felt it. Ink empathized. For months now, Goodson had been increasing the disciplinary tasks he demanded of his followers. Carb restriction. Weighted walks. Step counting. Last week, Goodson had the crew practicing dances while waist-deep in the water of the community pool. He’d gotten weird with it, as more than a few of the dance team members had complained, especially Hay Hay, who was too immature to know when to still her mouth. 
Now, as the school doors opened for free breakfast, the crowd around the boll weevil statue dwindled, leaving only the core Jetpax dancers, their gloomy faces, and their questions for Goodson, their leader.
“I got a question!” chirped Hay Hay, squirming like she had to go potty. “You said we need a sugar plan? A chocolate plan, a cookie plan, a soda plan? Starting tomorrow, we can’t have sugar-sugar at school. Just sugar-free. So…um, like hey, do we need a doo doo plan, cap?”
The crew started laughing, including, Ink noticed, Goodson, who was usually bemused rather than amused by Hay Hay’s antics. Ink also noticed that Goodson had opened another candy bar. Goodson was diabetic.
“I done tried them sugar-free snacks,” continued Hay Hay, potty dancing, “and, m-a-a-a-a-n, let me tell you, I was squirting doo doo like it was Squirting Doo Doo Day! Squirting Doo Doo Day, orthodox, and my butt was celebrating!”
Hyped to the point of no return, other kids joined in on Hay Hay’s impromptu potty dance, which of course, they quickly tricked with genuine dance moves. Having fun, the crew followed little Hay Hay as she led them in a bouncy conga line toward the open school doors.
Ink looked at Goodson. 
Goodson looked at Ink. 
Ink sighed.
“Another challenge?” Ink groaned, watching his captain bite into the candy. “Another candy bar, too? Goodson, dude, what’s up? You’re going in hard on the wrong things. This kind of don’t make no sense.”
“What kind of don’t make no sense? The Cake Pop? Which step don’t you get? I realize you always need more time than the others to get a dance down. A tutorial and whatnot.”
“Ha, ha,” said Ink, sarcastically. He then adjusted the elastic bands strapping his broken glasses to his head. “The last four steps, Goodson. The ones you didn’t do. The ones you aren’t going to do. Not in public. But I think, not anywhere. Another challenge. Another overly difficult challenge. You’re slipping, partner.”
“I’m slipping?”
“Yes. You’re slipping. You’re slipping like you got sent back through time to prevent The Great Slippage, but failed.”
“Daawgh!”
“We’re this close to the dance finals and you’re playing games? Why? Is it because of your parents? Their thing? Or is it this...this sugar thing? Goodson, we run on sugar. I mean, we do. Should you be eating that?”
Goodson shrugged in response, nonchalant and grinning as he chewed off another chunk of candy. 
“Hey, Goodson,” called a passing girl, giggling with the two other females with whom she walked. “Don’t be going and getting fat now. With your fine self!”
Goodson rewarded the girls with a hot burst of dance. The trio jumped up next to him and joined his groove, dancing with Goodson until Ink shooed the girls away with his clipboard, irritated and muttering, “Practicing here, thank you.” One of the girls took a swipe at Ink’s glasses, called him a nerd before they skipped away, laughing. 
Ink shook his head, refocused on Goodson. “It’s not like you to be noncompliant with your diabetes. You seem drunk. How much sugar have you been eating? How long have you been eating it? Brother, if you’re trying to be ironic — don’t.”
Goodson finished the last piece of the candy bar, magnifying chomps of chocolate while making yummy noises. “This sugar thing,” he sang, impersonating Ink’s overly anxious tone then reverting to his own voice. “This blood sugar thing, how about that? I’ll start taking my diabetes medicine again when my parents get back together, how about that? Until then, my sweet tooth gets the treatment. I fasted for three days since Friday just so I can eat nothing but candy!”
“Goodson…”
“Ananda…” teased Goodson, calling Ink by his true name, the name that he knew Ink didn’t particularly care for. “Come on, brother. Don’t worry about the future. Don’t dwell on the past. Let’s live in the now! The middle way! Hey, let’s just live! Let’s go slam down some cinnamon buns for breakfast. Sugar and bread, kid. Sugar and bread. Better get in on this! This sugar thing! Tomorrow, partner. Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, partner — life may not be so sweet.”
Goodson laughed. Credit would’ve been given to Goodson for ending the moment with a clever remark, but Ink, instead, stayed reserved. He didn’t like the way Goodson was acting, talking, eating. That candy was bad for him. And should a diabetic fast? This new challenge Goodson had concocted was questionable for everybody in the sense that it was nearly impossible for a troupe of high energy dynamos like Jetpax to abstain from the black-market sugar bounty predicted to start on Tuesday. 
Tuesday!
Ink felt that their dance captain sounded resigned, for some reason, resigned yet overly carefree — fatalistic, even — as if they were destined to lose the dance competition instead of being the frontrunners that they were, the dominating crew to beat. Eating junk food? Not taking his diabetes medicine? Not monitoring his condition? Goodson wasn’t being Goodson. But Ink didn’t know how to express his worry. 
He busied himself with his clipboard as they walked toward the school building. Ink would’ve maintained his silence all the way through the school doors with Goodson and into the cafeteria for their free breakfast if not for the sudden need to yell, “Goodson!” as he watched his dance captain tremble and shake — not from dancing — but from the crippling onset of system shock, Goodson’s body paying its nutritional debt with pain.
*
Marshmallow pies of cake encrusted banana 
Marshmallow pies of cake encrusted banana
Marshmallow pies of cake encrusted banana whipped Tot and Tater, the twin Jetpax members who were synched even when it wasn’t Sync Day, whipped Tot and Tater into such a state of sugar withdrawal that they were nothing but four hypervigilant eyes, four gigantic hungry eyes, eyes the size of beach balls craving those gooey yellow discs.
“Goodness gracious,” Tot whistled to her brother, Tater, studying the sweet, sweet treats that their rival dance crew, The Boppers, were munching, enjoying, savoring. “I mean, gooooooooodness,” she intoned in her deep Southern accent. “Tater. We gonna lose this’un. We sho’nuff gonna lose this’un.”
Today was Tuesday. It was the first day of the schoolwide sugar ban, three days remaining before Jetpax Crew were to defend their winning streak and hopefully retain the dance championship. They were the over-dogs. Jetpax had scored two wins thus far, and one more win would secure the title. A loss meant that the finals would be extended, giving other crews the chance at best-of-three. Yet there was talk of an upset, hope of an upset from a large portion of the school. Aside from family and friends, nobody was rooting for Jetpax Crew with true emotional investment anymore. Aside from the guaranteed entertainment and the overall good vibrations correlated with watching dance kids operating at peak performance, supporting Jetpax was the equivalent of supporting a three-time, three-years consecutive NBA championship team. They were knocked for being too technical. Their dance routines, according to fans of the weekly competition, lacked heart, lacked soul, even.
Ink made note of this recess crowd apathy on his clipboard pages. Of the students out beneath the bright blue sky, few watched Jetpax practicing their dance routine. Most kids were crowded around the rival crews who were likewise practicing steps. Jetpax was old news. Ink arrived at the conclusion that Goodson debuting the incomplete Cake Pop yesterday morning had, after the initial hype died down, had the bummer effect of solidifying Jetpax’s claim to the throne. They were predictable. A single team that won so consistently had long passed the awe-invoking envy of dominance. Too mechanical. Too precise. People were comparing them to robots, saying that Jetpax danced like they were solving a math problem on the floor. 
Ink wrote on his pages, “How do we win back the hype? Judges judge by the metrics. But the audience cheers for the rhythm, not the algorithm. Right?” He adjusted his broken glasses so that the tape better framed the scratched lenses and wrote, pressing his pencil down harder, “We’re too good!”
It was recess, and all the students who usually ate sugar snacks for break were now eating fruit, drinking water or milk, or trying the health-aware sugar-free treats available from the newly installed vending machines. Outside near the boll weevil statue, Ink, who had been tasked by Goodson to do so, Ink busied himself by taking observation notes on which crew members were eating what and when. Goodson was out today. He had required medical treatment from the school nurse yesterday morning and hadn’t really been himself for the rest of the school day. Ink understood why their diabetic dance captain would skip the first day of the sugar ban. As predicted by Goodson, the contraband candy cartels had picked up the slack from the replaced vending machines. Some of everybody had candy. But not everybody was eating candy. Hiding candy from the teachers and the school staff proved easy if one were accustomed to hiding things. Most weren’t. So every five minutes or so, a kid got busted sucking on something sweet or slamming a bag of something sweeter. It was the first day of the sugar ban and the school had decided to grant no rhythm. A zero-tolerance policy had gone into full effect with the Tuesday morning bell. Consequences of getting caught with contraband candy meant disciplinary write-ups. A disciplinary write-up meant, among other punishments, but most importantly to students who participated in extracurricular activities, ineligibility to perform in extracurricular activities.
Got Dum Dums?
No dance.
Ink figured that their rival crews saw Jetpax’s sugar-free challenge as arrogant, like most of their self-disciplinary challenges, arrogant and prideful, a way to show off their dance dominance by handicapping themselves with one of Goodson’s impossibly punishing team restrictions. But to be sugar-free? Jetpax had always needed their sugar. With the exception of Goodson, the dominant dance crew was famous for sucking down sucrose as a performance enhancer right before doing their routines. “Jet fuel,” they called it. Until recently, Goodson had turned a blind eye to their sugar-based performance enhancement, as long as they were able to make weight. Not exclusive to Jetpax, sugar was a boost for most of the competitors. The kids, not just the dancers, but kids in general loved sugar so much that they had made every Friday Fun Assembly a sugar party. 
Jetpax always had the most candy. Jetpax always won. But now the sugar party was over. The rival dance crews sniffed a weakness in the champs, like mosquitoes drawn to people with high blood sugar.
And so the rival crews bit.
*
Watching moon pie after moon pie, moon pie after sweet, sweet, super delicious, gooey banana moon pie being throat-slammed by The Boppers, Ink witnessed the merciless temptation of Goodson’s new challenge. Word was out about their sugar abstinence, their show of solidarity with their diabetic dance captain. The Boppers, always the rival crew that talked the most trash, always the rival crew that played the dirtiest mind games, The Boppers weren’t just eating the moon pies directly in front of Jetpax’s practice area — The Boppers were eating the moon pies with open mouths, masticating the marshmallow with moans, sucking down that sugar with slopping saliva while smacking their spit-dripped lips.
Tater started crying.
“How is this fair?” he directed at Ink, dancing beside him in unison with the crew. “I mean, come on now! Yesterday I’d done already ate five of them moon pies before lunch!”
“Five?” laughed Hay Hay, sliding into formation.
“Five!” yelled Tater. “I don’t do drugs! I don’t do drink! I don’t do delinquent! I do moon pies, Ink! Banana moon pies, Ink!”
Ink, who’d already heard enough complaints about Goodson’s challenge, Ink abruptly stopped dancing. Except for Hay Hay, the rest of the team followed suit, groaning and fussing and reminding Ink that they only had days to nail the routine before performing The Cake Pop in completion in front of the entire school on Friday. Would it be complete? 
Ink bent over, cupped his kneecaps in his palms, eyed the rival crews practicing their moves. He assessed the situation: Jetpax was still under the impression that Goodson would return to school tomorrow, renewed after his illness, that he would triumphantly reward the crew’s no-sugar devotion with the last four steps of The Cake Pop. Ink didn’t think that would happen. He knew something that the other crew members didn’t know — Goodson’s father had just moved out of their house last week.
“Family Hardship” was a category amidst Ink’s pivot tables and charts. If he knew about any of their crew having personal issues that would distract them from their dedication to dance, he’d make note of it. He couldn’t do much about it, of course, other than sympathize, but such personal problems were just as informative as medical problems if they had to make a substitution.
Ink, now giving the still-dancing Hay Hay the stink eye, Ink predicted that Goodson would not be back on Wednesday, and if he did, their leader would be too depressed about his parents’ imminent divorce to perform up to his own notoriously high standards. A “strict daddy,” their captain proudly called himself, a “strict poppa.” And now Goodson’s own strict daddy had moved out and had abandoned a son so famously strict that he had once challenged his dance crew to uniformly do handstands for five minutes straight. And yesterday the strict son had neglected his health? Had paid no mind to his medical condition? Had benched himself when his team needed him the most?
“Cane syrup,” whispered Tater, gazing at The Boppers who continued to gnaw open moon pies directly in front of his face. “Cane syrup — that’s Memaw right there. Good old Memaw. Just a’pouring that cane syrup on them pancakes. Singing her hymns. Just a’pouring. Just a’pouring.”
“Hey, Ink,” said Tot, worriedly. “We’re about to have a problem over here.”
“She’d pour it,” continued Tater, pausing for dramatic effect as he delivered his monologue, “She’d pour it. Between. Each. Pancake. Not atop the stack. The butter. The butter goes atop the stack. Between each pancake, she pours that syrup. Why, she poured it this morning, Ink! I watched her do it! Opened up that jar of pure cane syrup. Unscrewed the lid. Ball Mason jar. Like a river, Ink. A goopy, lazy river. A cascade of it! Bits of crystals where the sugar crusts around the lip of the jar just so. Mason jar. Ball.”
“Your apples, Tater!” yelled his sister, Tot. She dashed over to her backpack and slid back with a Red Delicious, holding it out for her brother to take. “Tater, eat your apples!”
“Fructose?” said Tater, looking at the apple with blank disinterest. “Memaw got the jellies, Tot. She had a jar of her jelly preserves sat out on the breakfast table this morning. Fig. For my biscuits, Tot. The way I like ‘em. On the regular. On the regs. Every morning. All morning. Until this morning.”
Tater sang a hymn.
Ink, ever observant, saw two things happening at once: one, a teacher who had been monitoring recess was slowly walking toward the blatant scene of sugar infraction of The Boppers. Two, the Bopper closest to Tater, the one chewing into a freshly opened moon pie, this taunting Bopper didn’t look mentally strong enough to cope with life without a right hand, a right hand that surely Tater was about to bite off in order to satiate his sugar withdrawal.
“Tater,” spoke Tater to himself, adopting an old Southern white woman’s voice presumed to be his grandmother’s. “Tater, sweetie, what’s wrong? What’s wrong, Memaw? Yes, Tater, shuug, what’s wrong, honey? I see you ain’t a’pouring your cane syrup on your pancakes this morning. Like you usually do. On the regs.”
As everyone watched, aghast, Tater opened what, to him, was a hymnal. It was air. He invited the others to open their hymnals, identifying the page and the hymn, “That Old Rugged Cross,” as he cleared his throat.
Shocking to all, deflating to Ink, amusing to Hay Hay while worrying to his sister Tot, Tater then progressed from mimicking his Memaw’s church-singing to impersonating his Memaw wholly, bodily, mentally, soulfully. A Tony Award-worthy performance from that Tater, all saw.
“You wants me to pack your moon pies for your lunch today?” asked Me-Tater, now hobbling about with an imaginary walking cane. Matronly and meddlesome like a true Southern granny, Tater continued in Memaw’s voice: “Like I usually do? On the regs? Your banana moon pies, Tater? You wants ‘em packed, Tater? Your banana moon pies? Tater, you wants ‘em packed?”
“Um,” wheezed the moon-pie-taunting Bopper, steadily eyeing Tater with panicked unease. “This one’s coconut, bruh.”
A bull enraged, bent over forward, head-first and charging, Tater roared, “YOU LET ME AT THAT SUGAR!” 
He head-butted the Bopper in his belly. 
Up flew the moon pie.
Up flew all the moon pies!
A death dance, the likes of which rarely seen by the general public outside of art museums, a danse macabre featuring Memaw as each allegorical participant — Memaw pope, Memaw emperor, Memaw king, Memaw child, Memaw laborer — a slowed-motion death dance overtook Tater as he attempted to catch in his mouth each falling moon pie, flavor regardless.
CHOMP!
“One down,” laughed the leader of The Boppers, dancing a whack Bopper dance. “Without strict daddy Goodson, ya’ll ain’t nothing but a crew of chumps, Jetpax. Discipline, discipline, discipline. Challenge, challenge, challenge. ‘We’re so disciplined, we can dance with a sewing thread tied to each other’s hips and not break the thread.’ Why? We’re so disciplined, we can go sugar-free during the week some of everybody and them eating nothing but sugar.’ What for? Ha, ha — it ain’t even lunch time and you’re fiending, Jetpax! Look at that fool!”
Look at that fool, indeed, thought Ink, as he watched Tater fall onto the ground in a fit of face-stuffing debauch. 
Tot, the twin sister, walked over to Ink and sighed, “This is it. This is how we lose. I called it. I sho’nuff did call it. This is how we lose, Ink. Out-challenge ourselves.”
Ink heard the rival crews laughing, heard Hay Hay laughing, heard the whole school laughing as the teacher hauled Tater away by the back of his shirt collar, dragging the chewing, chomping sweetness junkie away from the scene, his butt digging a sad trench of sugar-sugar shame as he slid. 
“Memaw’s good boy!” cackled Tater to himself. “He eats them moon pies! He ate them moon pies!”
“At least take the wrapper off,” laughed Hay Hay, twisting. “Dignity and such.” When she got to the abrupt non-ending of The Cake Pop Dance, she looked over at Ink, flustered and impatient. “Are you sure Goodson didn’t show you the rest of the steps? When is he coming back? Is he coming back?”
“I’m sure,” sighed Ink, blocking her out of his vision as he returned to writing on his clipboard. “I’m sure. And I know what you’re thinking. No, we can’t just make up an ending.”
“Why not?” demanded Hay Hay.
“Family hardship!” snapped Ink, immediately regretful of the tone he’d used. “Um… Yeah. That’s how we’re going to lose. That’s how we’re finally going to lose. Family hardship. That’s how everybody loses, isn’t it?”
The remaining crew members looked to each other, soberly, angrily, looking the way that only winners can look when they finally foresee a defeat.
*
They were dropping like flies. 
Like fruit flies, to be clever. 
Throughout the remainder of school that Tuesday, Ink attempted to promote Tot’s strategy of pushing fruit to satisfy Jetpax’s processed-sugar craving. It worked about as well with other crew members as it had with Tater.
Since Goodson was absent and Tater was disqualified, left to practice their routine for the finals on Friday were Ink, Hay Hay, Tot, Lil’ Lil’, Dru Ann Dru, Scotty Mo’Body, and their star dancer, the kid known to most as On a Good Day (And Every Day is Good). 
Scotty Mo’Body and Dru Ann Dru had been called up from the auxiliary bench. They danced well, Ink assured himself, but nobody could lead them like Goodson, and Ink, as co-captain, was now their leader until Goodson returned. But Ink didn’t think he would return. He had a bad feeling, a worry that only a close friend could have, especially being privy to the yearlong drama of Goodson’s parents fighting with each other. 
Yet perhaps there was hope? Goodson would be back? Jetpax would stay clean? Sugar was an overrated addiction and they’d receive the final steps of The Cake Pop, the best dance ever, as their leader had promised they would receive in return for their faith?
“Push on,” mumbled Scotty Mo’Body, sitting at the lunch table with Jetpax. He was speaking to a member of the rival Team Poopity Scoop, a girl who went by the name I Loves Me Some Young and The Restless, Ya’ll. An especially potent queen of the taunt, I Loves Me Some Young and The Restless, Ya’ll had stopped at Jetpax’s table with a sack full of contraband candy. Exposed from a pocket of her school uniform dress, the bright blue goodies and the ripe red rings rankled the usually taciturn Scotty Mo’Body in such a way that he’d been repeating the command “Push on” for five minutes straight, all the while staring up at the cafeteria ceiling, staring too intently, staring like a monk about to finally snap.
“Hard rock candy, though,” whispered I Loves Me Some Young and The Restless, Ya’ll. Rudimentary ASMR she induced, crinkling candy wrappers directly into Scotty Mo’Body’s ears. 
“Oooooooo,” she intoned like a little kid about to tattle on somebody. “I got candy at school. I got candy at school, Scotty Mo’Body. You can have candy at school, too, Scott. Grape. Purple grape.”
“Push on, girl.”
“Purple grape.”
“A girl best push on.”
“Purple grape, Scotty Mo’Body. This is that dollar store candy that you stuff into your mouth, all mixed-up like. Swishing that purple grape berry-berry. Sucking that watermelon melon-melon. Red spit. Purple fingers.”
“Purple fingers?”
“Purple from the powders, Scott. At the bottom of the bag? Purple from the powders.”
“From the powders…”
“And I got that old folks’ candy, too, Scotty Mo’Body. Yeah. Nursing home butterscotch and church peppermints glued up inside a boy’s back teeth. Why, you can lick on you some caramel later in your day! Daawgh, Scotty Mo’Body! Daawgh!”
“Daawgh?”
“Gwa’daawgh!”
Ink, looking up from the void that was his sugar-free lunch tray, Ink counseled Scotty Mo’Body by reminding him that, “You know this ain’t nowhere near the hardest challenge Goodson done gave us.”
“Correct,” added Tot. “Wasn’t that you complaining on Synch Day last week, Scotty? Talking about some, ‘Why I got to go to the bathroom at the same time the whole crew got to go to the bathroom?’ Talking about some, ‘My fiber don’t work like that.’ Poor baby.”
“Push on, part two,” warned Scotty Mo’Body, still mad at the cafeteria ceiling. 
Hay Hay, who had been building a Jenga tower with everybody’s uneaten sugar-free gelatin squares, Hay Hay looked up at the ceiling, copying Scotty Mo’Body as he looked up at the ceiling. This behavior was the challenge of Jetpax’s infamous Sync Day Wednesdays. Goodson tested his squad’s devotion to dance by having them synchronize their every step, style, and utterance each Wednesday whenever a Jetpax member was in proximity to another Jetpax member. If Tater walked to the water fountain and took a drink, Tot walked to the other water fountain and took a drink, attempting to match her brother’s every movement and motion, sip for sip. Synch Day, like most of Goodson’s challenges, baffled their peers and their teachers to no end, especially during class when actions as minute as itch scratches and boredom yawns were copied, sometimes performed in unison by five kids if five Jetpax members happened to be in the same classroom together.
Tuesday was not Synch Day, though. Before Ink could say, “Don’t sync,” to Hay Hay, the rebellious little dancer started copying Scotty Mo’Body’s every movement, every word, every “Push on,” that he uttered. This added irritant, added to the hours of not eating processed sugar, tossed Scotty Mo’Body over the edge of reason. Ink had no choice but to look on helplessly as Jetpax disqualification numbers two and three went down, thusly:
Declared Scotty Mo’Body: “If eating one dadgum piece of Now and Later means that I never again have to sit on a toilet every Wednesday morning, straining to drop a dook at 9:46 a.m. like I’m in the 9:46 a.m. Straining to Drop a Dook Cult then, friends, ya’ll about to —”
Hay Hay, synchronized and duplicating the exact same words within the exact same space that Scotty Mo’Body said them, Hay Hay reached out for the tantalizing candy sack held by I Loves Me Some Young and The Restless, Ya’ll. She reached out in unison with her sugar-starved teammate. The double sack-attack ripped the sack open, spilling sweet treats all over the cafeteria floor. Not only did Scotty Mo’Body abandon the ceiling for the candy-covered floor, he abandoned all decorum and shouted, “Candy, ya’ll! Candy!” and invited some of everybody and them to sprint on over in a mad dash to shovel up the scattered treats. 
Hay Hay halted her synch. Wisely, she refrained from snatching up, unwrapping, and gobbling down the candy like the swarm of kids were doing, including Scotty Mo’Body, whose cheeks were now crammed balloon-full like a cartoon chipmunk’s. Even Lil’ Lil’ couldn’t fight it any longer. By the time the cafeteria monitor arrived on the scene with disciplinary referrals in hand, these two Jetpax members had shamelessly slicked lips dripping sugary spit.
Had shamelessly slicked lips dripping sugary spit.
Three fingers, Ink saw the Bopper leader holding up from across the cafeteria.
And on Wednesday morning, the captain of the rival team held up four fingers because, according to the letter Ink was reading, Goodson had run away from home.
*
I’m not coming back, Ink. I’m out. I’m gone. I can’t take it anymore. They’re fighting so bad now they can’t even be in the same room with each other, the same house, the same building. 
My mom said she can’t attend my sister’s graduation because my dad will be there. My dad said he can’t attend my sister’s graduation because my mom will be there. It’s so stupid! They don’t even have to sit next to each other!
My sister won’t stop crying. My mom won’t stop crying. My dad won’t stop yelling. He moved out of the house but he still comes by just to yell. It’s my fault they’re getting a divorce, Ink. I’m not good enough. I’m not a hundred percent.
So I’m out, too. I’m out forever this time, not like when I got out in seventh grade, though. I’m out for real this time. Cause it’s a challenge now. The ultimate challenge. Can you survive out there on your own, Goodson? Does insulin grow on trees? Strict daddy going to find out. I’m a be all right! Out here dancing for my supper, Ink, street urchin style!
Maceo wants to come with me. He’s a right dog, that Maceo, a right earner. I taught him some tricks so you know the ladies will throw us coin. I’m sorry about missing the dance finals, brother. Don’t worry about that, though, because ya’ll are going to win. I bet those criminal crews are already disqualified, getting busted with all that candy. That’s how they do! Jetpax doesn’t do that, though. Not Jetpax. Ya’ll are going to win, Ink! Stay up. Stay right. Stay clean.
Hay Hay knows the rest of The Cake Pop. She just doesn’t know she knows it. It’ll come to her, though. Tell her to keep laughing. Keep playing. Hay Hay used to bug me because I thought she hated discipline, but I see now that staying playful in this life is a discipline, too. 
The middle way.
Don’t you ever just want to not want, Ink? Don’t you ever just want to be? 
No school. No tests. No church. No sports. No grades. No choir. No ROTC. 
No goals. No nothing, not even dancing.
My dad, he never just does nothing. He yells. 
I have to go now, Ink. You don’t forget to wear your sports goggles on Friday. They look goofy, but they have stronger straps. 
Take care of yourself, brother. And don’t look for me. Don’t ever look for me because, if you really think about it, friend, I’m always here. If you really think about it, brother, I never left.
*
In a stairwell secluded from other students, especially teammates, Ink read, read, and reread the letter from Goodson that he had found on his porch that Wednesday morning. Ink read the letter so intently that he didn’t see the Bopper sneaking up behind him, the Bopper who must have slipped all that candy into Ink’s backpack.
*
Ink didn’t have a strict daddy. The co-captain of Jetpax Crew lived with his mother and his grandmother in The Bottoms, had only known life with his mother and his grandmother in The Bottoms. Ink’s mother worked all the time so he hardly knew life with her. His grandmother was strict, strict in that old-school country way wherein a young person got sent out to cut their own switches with which to get whipped.
Goodson’s dad never whipped him, or so he had told Ink. The man’s strict-daddy infamy resulted from harsh reinforcement, physical and psychological punishment, withholding of affection toward his own family whenever they did not live up to the man’s impossibly high standards. Curfews, exercise quotas, grade-point minimums, friends-screening, girlfriends-vetting — nearly military in his implementation of discipline, Goodson’s father wasn’t entirely unfair in his rules for his son. It was the tactics that he implemented to keep Goodson in compliance with those rules that had worried Ink for years, for every year that Ink had known Goodson since elementary school. For every year that Ink had known Goodson since elementary school, his best friend’s life had been a series of never-ending measures of achievement, benchmarks of accomplishment, shelves of trophies and spaces for trophies on yet another shelf (on yet another shelf that his father had made Goodson craft).
Ink had once told his best friend that he’d rather get chased around the house by his grandmother and her switch for days instead of being trapped in a house with a grown man who refused to speak to his wife, son, and daughter for weeks on end if any one of them so much as disturbed him from his day-sleep (the man worked night shift in a chicken processing plant, so it was sort of understandable?). And now Ink regretted ever having had said that to Goodson. He thought it, but why did he have to go and say it? 
Because not talking was the fact of the matter. And the fact of the matter was that Goodson’s father used silence as a disciplinary tool, used isolation and ignoring his family as a weapon when he wasn’t yelling at them. And eye contact. The man wouldn’t look his wife, his son, or his daughter in their eyes if they had broken one of his endless household rules, his handbook of how to live their lives under his roof. 
Ink had witnessed this insane behavior during a visit to study with Goodson last month. He’d never heard so much hushed crying in his life. It frightened him worse than any horror movie Ink had ever seen.
The upside to his father’s authority, Goodson had argued to Ink, was that he never got into any trouble. Ink, who likewise was a good kid, countered Goodson’s argument with the fact that none of their friends, their fellow dance teammates, endured such bizarre parental discipline and yet they never got into trouble either, not real trouble like the bad kids did. And Ink had a problem with the way Goodson called the troublemakers “criminals.” That was his father speaking. The two best friends had rarely argued about anything outside of the increasingly difficult challenges Goodson created for Jetpax, but calling kids “criminals” even if they did break the more serious rules — drinking, stealing, bullying, doing drugs, and such — even if the bad kids did get into real trouble, Ink thought that labeling their peers as “criminals” sounded arrogant, self-righteous, and judgmental. Arrogant, self-righteous, and judgmental were the accusations their rival crews hurled at Jetpax and, Ink understood, the primary reason why no one outside of their family and friends gave Jetpax true emotional support anymore.
No one cared about the king because the king came off as uncaring.
To Ink’s further understanding, Goodson and his bizarre challenges, his crazy self-discipline regimen, his Sync Days and his Sewing Thread Chains and his Five-Minute Handstands, his overly-intense workouts, his regimented life — to Ink’s understanding, Goodson had made Jetpax Crew into the scariest thing that Ink could imagine: a group of kids that Goodson’s father would approve of.
He never hits me, Goodson had once confided to Ink. He makes us kneel on rice sometimes. My sister and me, he makes us kneel on the floor, bare-kneed. On uncooked rice. For hours.
He disciplines us so that we won’t be like the other black kids from The Bottoms. That’s what my father says. He does this for our own sake. So that we can be right black folk, he says, not like most of the black folk from The Bottoms. He wants us to be responsible. Accountable. Upright. Upstanding. 
Banned from making a move for hours and I can’t stand still for a minute, Ink, you know I hated being still. He makes us kneel with our hands behind our heads.
And sometimes we can’t eat.
Which is a problem with my sugar thing.
My blood sugar thing.
And I can’t even begin to describe what happens to my body when I get so hungry, I have to eat that rice.
Oh, brother, my brother! I used to hate being still, Ink. But now being still is all I want to do with my life.
 No plans. No effort. No wants. No cravings. No goals. No sports. No tests. 
No tests.
Did I ever tell you how much I dislike motivational posters?
*
Soon after leaving the stairwell with Goodson’s letter and his backpack, Ink entered the tenth-grade hallway and got busted. A teacher walked up and asked to check his belongings. No amount of protest or accusations about The Boppers could convince the teacher that the candy in his backpack did not belong to him.
Ink got sent to the vice principal’s office. He got written up. He was disqualified from participating in Friday’s dance competition. 
Years later, when reflecting upon this moment, Ink would recall how awful it was to be falsely accused. Especially if you had a reputation for being a good kid, and Ink was a genuinely good kid, to be accused of doing something bad, to be accused of being a criminal was among the most devasting and traumatizing experiences that a good kid, especially a good kid of color, could go through. 
Years later, when recounting the number of times he’d been falsely accused of criminality, Ink would recall that day in the vice principal’s office as the first time he’d ever cried in front of white people.
Sobbing with uncontrollable shaking, tears that would not cease no matter how much of a man he tried to be, Ink could not stop himself from confessing, “I let Goodson down. I let Goodson down.”
*
Came Friday Fun Assembly and Jetpax Crew had lost hope. 
In the auditorium amassed administration members, faculty, staff, and most of the students and most of their parents who attended their rundown Bottoms school. Among the absences, the heartbreaker was Goodson, who had been officially reported by his parents as a missing juvenile. Both the mother and the father, individually, had visited Ink’s house in search of their runaway son. No one had seen Goodson. No one had heard from Goodson, other than his best friend, and his best friend, Ink, hoping it might help with the search, Ink had shown Goodson’s letter to Goodson’s parents and to the police. It hadn’t helped. Goodson remained missing.
Ink, depressed, sat in the audience now with the rest of the non-performers, which included the other disqualified members of Jetpax. By this point, five of Jetpax’s premier line-up had been prohibited from participating in the dance-off due to sugar infractions: Tater, Scotty Mo’Body, Lil’ Lil’, Ink, and Dru Ann Dru. The latter disqualification had deflated Ink the most, a disqualification he deemed nearly as tragic as his own. Dru Ann Dru added eccentricity to Jetpax’s dance routines. She and her Kate Bush music earned cheers from a section of the students who rarely applauded. 
Born to a family of hippies who lived on a farm, Dru Ann Dru had sailed through the first three days of the sugar-free challenge exhibiting none of the supposed signs of processed-sugar withdrawal — no mood swings, no irritability, no loss of energy, no fatigue, no brain fog. Her family had always avoided refined sugar without official mandate from outsiders. In fact, Dru Ann Dru had told the crew that she didn’t think sugar was poison, didn’t believe that sugar withdrawal was a valid medical condition, thought everybody freaking out over the sugar ban was just hogwash put in their heads because they’d suddenly been told they couldn’t have something. Did that sound like a hippie? 
“My family are the hippies,” Dru Ann Dru had informed Ink, boasting that, “I’m the real rebel. I got common sense.”
She exhibited common sense up until that Friday morning when Team Poopity Scoop, of all people, Team Poopity Scoop, those janky villains, debuted a strategic genius, smuggling into school a stash of organic granola. Home made by kids who had no idea how to make organic granola, somebody had just dumped a jar full of honey into a bag full of sugar into a bowl full of Grape-Nuts, and had then dosed the goop with cannabinoid nectar.
When they busted Dru Ann Dru, she was caught doing a hippie dance barefoot in the school library with an overturned mixing bowl of granola on top of her head.
*
Was Ink really present now? Was he really present now? Was Ink truly in the moment?
Friday Fun Assembly was essentially a schoolwide talent show. Performed kid magicians, jugglers, tap dancers, poodle-tamers, ska singers and purple Kool Aid belchers. As a participant, Ink normally would be backstage with his crew, helping Goodson assess the team’s fitness while making sure morale and motivation remained high. This was when Jetpax would, until this week, gobble down their jet fuel — munching on energy bars, chug-a-lugging supplemental nutrition drinks, and in Tater’s case, chewing on sugar cane stalks between swigs of sweet tea.
In the wake of this week’s multiple disasters, Ink now sat listless and distracted, just another non-participant among the rows of dull gray folding chairs facing the vibrantly lit stage. Their school was poor, their sector was impoverished. Second only to Friday night high school football games, these talent show assemblies were a source of local pride, evidenced by their vice principal’s invitation to community leaders to come check out the shows, especially the dance competition. Ink had heard that she was trying to rally sponsorship for sending the winning dance crew to a statewide tournament. If Jetpax won today, they won it all — the school championship and the opportunity to take their talents to a bigger stage. If they lost like Ink predicted they would lose, like their rivals had eliminated key members to all but ensure they would lose, Team Poopity Scoop or The Boppers could extend the dance-offs into further Fridays. Ink didn’t see Jetpax withstanding another week of the sugar ban. And knowing the deviousness of some of their rivals all too well, Ink figured the sabotage schemes would only get worse, would go beyond planting banned substances on Jetpax members, would perhaps become more aggressive, more humiliating, more…criminal.
Thus Ink had lost hope. 
Ink had lost Goodson. 
Ink had lost faith.
Replacing his belief in himself and his belief in his teammates was a depression Ink had never experienced before. He observed now the energy of the packed auditorium, the happy anticipation, the excitement of the crowd of kids and adults united in their good vibrations. Ink observed this spectacle, observed it without his clipboard, observed it with jaded eyes, eyes that stared up at nothing in particular though there was a circus of activity to behold. He hadn’t bothered to bring the athletic googles Goodson had reminded him to bring in his letter. What was the point? Even if he hadn’t been disqualified from dancing today, Ink was so tired from not having slept well for the past two nights that he doubted he could have performed up to standards. Still experiencing the embarrassment of being falsely accused, he couldn’t drift off to sleep like he normally could. Nightmares plagued him. Night terrors chased him. Worrying about Goodson during the day became crying about Goodson during the night, during the moments he woke up with the hellish visions of his missing best friend. 
Last night, Ink had dreamed that he could hear Goodson dancing on a sidewalk in front of a small crowd but could not see Goodson’s body, could only hear his tapping feet and the barking of Maceo, his dog. And then suddenly amidst the dream logic of slowed-motion movement, Goodson had become corporeal, his dancing form appearing on the sidewalk, dancing atop grains of white rice tossed by the onlookers, dancing not of his own volition but dancing due to the mounds of mosquitoes swarming beneath Goodson’s skin, biting Goodson from inside his body, stinging open Goodson’s flesh with tiny blood holes — Goodson’s diabetes a pulsating vein of monsters gorging on the sweetness of his own blood.
I’m in pain! I don’t know where I am! I can’t find myself, Ink! I’m in pain!
Startled by this day dream, Ink awoke to the sight of his dance team standing around him. If he didn’t already realize that they had come seeking words of inspiration, he realized it when Hay Hay walked up and presented Ink with a familiar thing he’d thought lost: 
Faith.
Ink stared at the girl, uncomprehending.
Hay Hay smiled.
“Squirting Doo Doo Day,” she sang, handing him his clipboard. “Toldja, cap.”
A true professional, a true team player, a true coach when his team needed him to be, Ink suppressed his worries and his concerns and he rallied. He rallied himself. He rallied his team. Strengthened by loving friendship, he rallied:
“Live synch!” declared Ink, drawing groans of disbelief from more than a few members of Jetpax. “It’s the only way! You never got the final steps! You can’t make it up! You just have to know it, Jetpax! Live in the now! Hey, just live! The middle way! What would Goodson do?”
“Do?” blurted the latest promoted team member who had replaced Dru Ann Dru, the dancer known as Has Anybody Seen My Backpack, Ya’ll, I Know I Must Have Left It Here Somewhere. “Come on, now, Ink,” groaned Has Anybody Seen My Backpack, Ya’ll, I Know I Must Have Left It Here Somewhere. “You’re telling me that we have to do a dance. That is incomplete. So we have to complete it? On the spot? All together? Simultaneously? Live? On stage? In front of all these people?”
“Naw,” sniped Hay Hay. “We have to drop a dook simultaneously live on stage in front of all these people. What do you think Goodson was prepping us for, girl? A dance competition?”
Everyone laughed, including Ink, who laughed the hardest. Goodson was right. He hadn’t really left. He was right here with Jetpax, right here challenging his crew to play when the rest of the world had declared that play play was over.
Smiling at his team, Ink became a coach again, coaching his squad with clear direction, firm instruction so that they understood that, “Hay Hay takes point. Listen up, team. The synch won’t be 100 percent, obviously, but you can get it up to .75 if you keep Hay Hay as the arrowhead and let On a Good Day do their thing. Sewing-thread protocol. Evangelion synch. On the one. On the one. Stay with the audience. Stay with the audience. 
Smile.
Observe your breathing.
And just be!”
*
Team Poopity Scoop won. They didn’t take the championship, though. Not yet.
The rival dancers pushed the finals into another Friday, the tally being Jetpax 2/3 and Team Poopity Scoop 1/3. 
Hay Hay cried when they lost, but Ink comforted her with the knowledge that this week’s disqualifications would not roll over into next week. All the benched dancers had a fresh start on Monday. The “criminals” would all get a second chance and Hay Hay would have another opportunity to lead her team to glory.
The Boppers eliminated themselves by dancing so sexually provocative that the vice principal jumped on stage and shut them down mid-performance.
Meanwhile, so startling to Ink that he actually flung his clipboard high into the air as he rocketed up from his seat, Jetpax synched an astounding 96 percent — 96 percent! Step-for-step the dance team synchronized with Hay Hay as she performed The Cake Pop in its entirety, in its never-performed-before entirety.
Jetpax tore the roof off the mother!
How could this be? How could a team of dancers perform in synchronicity the finale of a dance routine that none of them had ever seen completed, let alone danced? What were the final steps that Hay Hay stepped?
What was the conclusion of The Cake Pop Dance that Hay Hay correctly guessed as what Goodson would have done if he had been there to lead them?
Ink realized that no one would ever know for certain, but he felt in his heart that she had guessed it right. 
Hay Hay leaped off the stage and found her parents in the audience. She danced with them both. The other Jetpax dancers, synchronized behind her, leaped off the stage and found in the audience their parents, their caregivers, their loved ones who were in attendance. For the students without parents, caregivers, or loved ones in attendance, Jetpax danced with them, too, danced with every student abled and disabled, the Special Needs kids and the kids who thought that they had been forgotten. Jetpax danced with them all. 
The move was showy. A bit much. A crowd-pleaser, for sure, and definitely not Jetpax’s usual demonstration of choreographed discipline and precision. And that’s why Ink knew for certain that it was the move that Goodson would have made, knew that finishing the dance by dancing with caregivers was the playful sentimentality, the soft sense of fun, the pure heart that Goodson had been moving toward before his untimely disappearance. He would have loved that 96 percent, preferred that 96 percent synchronization rather than the endless pursuit of perfection.
Yet Ink wondered about the timing. Had Goodson sabotaged himself because he was scared that he wouldn’t be able to do The Cake Pop with his own parents? Because he was scared that they wouldn’t be in attendance at this event nor any event, like his sister’s graduation, not together?
Because he was scared that if they did attend, they would attend individually and be seated separately? Which parent would Goodson dance with first? His dad was still his dad.
Or did Goodson cook the final steps of The Cake Pop Dance to be so sweet that — if he had not made himself only a dream — the boy could tempt his mother and his father to dance together? Like they used to.
Dance together.
*
Came finally a dream to Ink, a vision to Ananda of his dear friend Goodson reclining and at rest in peace.
On the day that Jetpax won the international championship, the young dancers had earned true emotional support from all who had learned of Goodson’s earthly fate. Afterwards, Ink ran out of the stadium and up a hill. He was found doing a handstand in front of an old statue.
Even now, his tears are rolling down from his eyes, are rolling down from his head, are rolling down into the earth for the angels who are buried beneath us.
The Saturday Morning Car Wash Club
To be sixteen on a July Saturday was heaven. Our neighborhood really showed out in the summer. Chumps who dragged ass to work all week leaped out of bed on Saturday mornings — it was the best way to cheat the heat. A lawnmower, a grill, a chair beneath a shade tree, anything that involved making something out of nothing powered their need to rise. Even the ne’er-do-wells started early on a Saturday. You’d see guys who hadn’t caught a weather report in years strolling about like businessmen, on their way to trade chat with their down-the-block neighbors. My mother always said that Pig and Sammy Sam, our local hopheads, liked to get out early on a Saturday because then no one could tell them to go get a job. “It’s Saturday!” Pig would say. “Unemployment office closed on Saturday!”
Most fellas between sixteen and married spent their weekend mornings at the Saturday Morning Car Wash Club. Actually, it wasn’t really a club, just a run-down, semi-automated car wash two blocks up from Cedar Heights. The structure itself was ugly. Faded, cracked, and tornado-abused, it looked like a pistol-whipped tin man, surrounded by kudzu and non-biodegradables from the Burger King uphill. It was green. The hoses all had leaks in them. The vacuum cleaners were from the Seventies, and the change machine was still chewing on the counterfeit five that Pig had fed it two years ago. Yet this did not stop the solitary ride from pulling up to the car wash every Saturday.
Around eight o’clock, the solitary ride, the first car, would roll in and park beside a vac-bot. There’d be a good jam on the stereo. Nothing loud, no need for excessive bass this early. The passenger side would be vacuumed first, then the floorboard, the seat, the back, then the driver’s side. Soda-straw wrappers and six-day-old French fries would fly into the garbage can like dirt from a dog’s hole. For breaks, this first Saturday Morning Car Wash Club member would look up and down the highway for cars he might recognize. Then back to work. Sweeping the crack where the seats folded forward, he would finally hear a beep-beep, and then another, and then a honk and a thump of bass. And for the next six hours he would go on cleaning and washing his car, watching the parade of incoming vehicles. As soon as the second Saturday Morning Car Wash Club member asked the first one for a quarter, the meeting officially commenced.
*
“Man, stop playin’ around,” I said, as the hooptie chugged closer and closer to the car wash. “You wanna get your ass beat this early?”
Chester had failed to tell me the whole truth about helping him wash his car. “Let’s clean the machine,” he’d said. I thought we were going to park it in his front yard and break out the water hose and the lemon-fresh Joy. I had no problem with that. What I did have a problem with was the fact that I was now riding in Chester’s ugly brown rust-mobile, his hooptie, his lemon, his clunker — in other words, his 1978 AMC Pacer.
I wasn’t a big fan of the hooptie. Aside from the more obvious reason for disliking Chester’s ride, I charged the car with that most heinous variety of crime: a crime against childhood. Chester and I no longer watched cartoons. When the hooptie’s first oil stains had appeared on Chester’s driveway, our toon watching was over. Tools replaced the toons, motor oil replaced the milk in our Froot Loops, and the Bat Signal was answered by a super-inflated Michelin Man, hellbent on avenging bad front-end alignments. Chester’s ugly brown rust-mobile had killed Saturday morning cartoons forever, and it was about to kill us as well. We were heading toward the one place where ugly brown rust-mobiles were chastised on a regular basis — the Saturday Morning “Back That Hunk of Junk Out of Here” Club. We were motorvating toward an early grave.
“Apollonia needs washin’,” said Chester. “That’s why I’m takin’ her to the car wash. What’s wrong with that?”
I jumped around beneath my seat belt. “What’s wrong with that? Tommy, Buck, Mann, Leon. All of those fools hang out up there.”
Chester strummed his fingers against the steering wheel; last week, he’d wrapped it with duct tape. He said it was for the grip, but I had never once seen Chester drive with anything more than a rotating palm.
“You’re trippin’,” he said, taking a wide right turn around a slow-moving cat. “I’m grown. Everybody know me, everybody know you. It’s the same fools at the car wash that be around the neighborhood.” He turned and looked at me; I saw my reflection in his silver, mirrored shades. “You act like you’re scared,” he said.
“I ain’t scared.”
“You act like it.”
The engine suddenly dropped, idled down, then shrieked back up three times louder. A fat little Vietnamese kid, playing in his front yard, picked up a stick and made as if to throw it at us. He ducked when the engine backfired.
“Do you know what they call this thing?” I asked.
“Apollonia,” said Chester, stroking the dashboard.
“Doo Doo Brown, man, they call your car Doo Doo Brown. I was out at the pool yesterday, and as soon as I jumped in, everybody got out because they said they’d seen me riding around in the Doo Doo-Mobile. What’s up with that, man?”
Chester grinned. “That’s all right, though. I see you ain’t walkin’ anywhere. Punks about fifty years old still ridin’ the bus to school, ignorant. This is luxury.”
I craned my head toward the roof of the car. Pockets of upholstery sagged down like small bellies against my face.
“I just don’t feel like getting my ass beat this early, that’s all,” I said.
“Well, don’t worry about it. Damn it.”
“Damn it” was the cuss of the moment. We’d been cussing since way back when, but the new thing that summer was to try to cuss like Eddie Murphy’s father, or the way Eddie Murphy sounded when he impersonated his father — a drunken slur with attitude. Chester’s Vernon was pretty good. Mine, on the other hand, sounded like me trying to sound like Chester trying to sound like Eddie Murphy trying to sound like his father.
“For real, though, man,” said Chester. “This is where the ladies hang out.”
“Oh, yeah,” I said. “The ladies.”
“That’s right. The ladies,” said Chester. “But anyway, I know you don’t want to walk up to the car wash with no car.”
I thought about that for a second. The Saturday Morning Car Wash Club loomed just a few turns away from our current position. Apollonia’s rattle was loud enough to be heard in Botswana. Meanwhile, there I was, afraid to put pressure against the passenger-side door for fear of tumbling out. Maybe walking wasn’t such a bad idea.
“Doo Doo Brown, huh?” said Chester, palming us into another turn. “We’ll see what they call it when we ride off with all the sweet potatoes!” He laughed for a bit, and I would’ve laughed with him if he hadn’t punched the speedometer in order to get the needle to move.
While Apollonia was revving herself into a fit, we slowly approached the hill between us and the car wash. Not a steep hill, if you were riding in anything other than a hooptie, but we were, of course, hooptienauts. Apollonia took to the incline like a pushcart on a roller coaster track. When we finally crested the hill, I could see the Saturday Morning Car Wash Club was already in session, at least it was until Apollonia backfired, frightening the members and a parade of wandering elephants in China. Chester looked at me. I looked at Chester. We rolled downhill in a prolonged, gear-grinding lurch.
“Luxury,” I said.
“The ladies,” said Chester. “Sweet potatoes! I told you they’d be here!”
If only my friend had taken off his shades and looked at his own reflection. There he was, practically kissing the windshield, grinning as we approached the car wash — and the ladies. Meanwhile, his right foot was hammering on the brakes, cheating Apollonia out of a sweet-potato massacre. The only thing more embarrassing than riding downhill in Chester’s stalled car was riding downhill in Chester’s stalled car toward every single girl that I’d ever planned on asking out. To this day, I firmly believe that Apollonia did more to steady the course of my virginity than my mother, my pastor, or those homemade Converse high-tops that my cousin Meat Meat sold to me back in seventh grade. A true struggle buggy, a true hooptie, forms a clamp around the rider’s crotch like some kind of pig-iron codpiece. I groaned as Apollonia shuddered to a halt.
“My hair look all right to you?” asked Chester.
*
It was barely nine o’clock, and already the Saturday Morning Car Wash Club was packed and vibrant. Not counting Apollonia, there were fifteen vehicles parked at various angles around the lot. Six of them sat inside the wash-and-wax bays. As usual, the guys who were washing their cars felt the need to go shirtless while they soaped. It didn’t matter if they were muscular or not — something about a long black hose shooting chemically-treated water urged them to work bare-topped. I could understand it if you were in your front yard with your toes in the grass, airing your car and the funk of your labor at the same time. But these jokers were flexing their pecs inside veritable saunas of industrial-strength detergent. You knew they were showing off for the benefit of the ladies, while the ladies were paying attention to anything but the soap operas. All that wax-o-wax and gunk-o-gunk repelled the females faster than drugstore-brand cologne. The guys never noticed. Most of them were too busy trying to scrape lovebugs off their headlights.
Six girls were at the car wash when Chester and I rolled in. Twice as many fellas were hovering around them. Most of these guys were older than we were, dropouts and two-time seniors, people who seemed to have owned rides all their lives. Some of the girls had their own cars. For the most part, they drove sporty, bright, quick-trip Civics, or Camrys, or whatever looked good behind an airbrushed vanity plate, and they brought them to the club for their boyfriends, or some other shirtless wonders, to give them a wash. Every one of these guys would treat his girlfriend’s ride as if it were Cinderella’s stagecoach. They’d use illicit waxes, controversial sponges, and forbidden emollients to rub, butter, and caress the various paint jobs. The only no-no was fooling around under the hood. The girls never allowed it. I don’t know if it was Daddy’s orders or suspicion of shade-tree mechanics, but rarely would you see a guy working on the engine of a girl’s car. Their own cars, of course, they butchered to no end.
“What’s up, Chester?”
“Leon.”
“What’s up, Lorenzo?”
“Leon.”
We’d barely exited the car when Leon slid up with three of his stank-breath friends, all of them with towels around their necks soaking up the activator from their Jheri Curl hairdos. Leon was already smirking.
“I like the ride, man,” said Leon.
“Yep,” said Chester.
“My sister got one just like it.” Every time Leon opened his mouth, his boys would snicker. It was too early for an ass beating, and too hot. Leon was only three years older than us, but he’d been handing out ass beatings in Cedar Heights ever since I was old enough to walk to the playground by myself. I was tired of Leon. Maybe if somebody else had beaten my ass for a change, things would have been different, but Leon tended to bogart Cedar Heights ass like a demented Santa Claus who came every day except Christmas. He was a rusty-necked, two-toothed, head-cheese-eating bastard, and he always wore a mesh jersey with nothing underneath and thick gold-rope chains with foreign-car emblems hanging from them.
“Yeah, man, that’s a smooth ride,” said Leon. “What kind of gas you use?”
“I don’t know,” said Chester. “Gas.”
Leon and his boys started laughing. I didn’t get the joke. I looked over at Chester, and I could tell that he was becoming upset. The most vicious tool that the bad guys had was always their laughter. Leon had never uttered a funny phrase in his life, but he didn’t really have to. His portable laugh track took care of the rest.
I leaned back against Apollonia. Lime-green engine fluids fanned across the asphalt.
“Damn Doo Doo Brown!” yelled Leon, affecting “the Vernon.” “Doo Doo Brown!”
Chester folded his arms. “I came here to wash my car, man, dang. Why y’all always got to be messin’ with people? Why don’t you go worry about your own car?”
“Shoot, my car clean,” said Leon, gesturing back to his black Camaro. “I’m worried about Doo Doo Brown. That junk start a rust-quake, you gonna be washin’ every car out here!”
He chortled. I knew what was coming before he could even say it, but he said it anyway. “I hate to tell you this, cuz, but your car is kinda messed up — for real, though. I ain’t tryin’ to be funny or nothin’, but damn. It look like King Kong wiped his ass with a can of Pepsi. Look like a truckload of toe jam had an accident. Look like a roll of pennies with a damn steerin’ wheel. I hate to tell you.”
But, of course, he told us anyway. At one point or another, Leon compared Chester’s car to a three-thousand-year-old foot, stankin’ dried-up alligator balls, one roller skate being squeezed through somebody’s ass, and two roller skates giving dried-up alligator balls a ride to the liquor store. Chester remained silent.
The more Leon and his boys laughed, the more attention they gathered. Music that had been pounding from the cars was turned down. Hoses were placed back on their hooks. Vacuums were switched off, and, most unfortunately, the girls drew near. No one had said the word “fight,” but that’s what everyone had heard, and that’s what everyone expected. Leon had gained an audience. He’d hyped, he’d promoted, and he’d thoroughly teased; now all that was left was the main event.
“There ain’t no room to wash that piece of doo doo, no way,” said Leon. “Why don’t you ask your momma for a damn water hose, with those damn stupid shades. It look like you busted up a mirror to make that junk. Ooh wee, let me hold them shades, cool breeze!”
Before Leon raised his left hand to grab the sunglasses from Chester’s face, I noticed two things about the crowd that had gathered around us. First, not everyone was amused by Leon’s antics. Second, there was a girl standing off to the side who I had not seen here before. Her name was Le Ly, and she was the one girl in the neighborhood that Chester always got quiet about whenever her name came up in conversation. She seemed out of place, but then again, I hardly ever saw her hanging out anywhere. When Leon raised his hand, I glimpsed her gazing at Chester. I intervened. With my right hand, I caught Leon’s rising left.
“You better get yo’ hand offa me!” roared Leon. “Walrus-lookin’ punk, I’ll punch you in yo’ damn throat!”
My damn throat gulped. Holding his ashy wrist in my grip, I could feel the tendons wiggling into fist mode. “Do something!” the tendons were saying, wiring me like a traitor from within Leon’s flesh. “Do something, man, don’t just stand there feeling me up! This is the same fist that de-toothed the entire after-school chess program! Run! Run right now!”
“Race,” I said, as Leon wrenched his hand free. “That messed-up hunk of rat turds you got can’t beat this ride here. My man Chester says he’ll race you for a spot.”
“Shut up,” said Leon. To my surprise, he stomped off toward the Camaro, boys in tow, towels dropped in their wake. I’d expected a punch or, at least, a smack. Foolish suggestions often drew smacks. With no smack to be had, the audience became a tense, buzzing mob of color commentators. “They crazy” was their main catchphrase.
“I know I didn’t hear you say that,” said Chester, turning to me with a frown. He removed his sunglasses and threw them inside the car. “Lorenzo, man, let’s just go home.”
“Why?” I asked. “Leon’s already at home. Leon lives in Cedar Heights, too.”
“Yeah, but —”
“Just get in the car, man.” I opened the door and stood there until he got in. Making my way around the back of the car, I scanned the crowd for Le Ly. She had moved farther away, but her eyes were focused on the hooptie.
“You’ll thank me for this someday,” I said, lowering myself into the seat. It took me a moment, while I slammed and re-slammed the door, to realize that Chester had placed his head on the steering wheel. He was crying.
“They’re always messin’ with me,” he said, sobbing between gasps of air. “What did I do? They’re supposed to be grown. How come grown folks always messin’ with kids, man?”
I placed my hand on his shoulder. “Be cool,” I said.
“Naw, bump that!” He raised his head up and faced the windshield. “Yeah, that’s right, chumps!” he yelled, scowling at the onlookers, wiping snot on his sleeves. Leon’s engine could be heard in the background. It sounded like an idling tractor: Bow! Zugga zugga. Bow! Zugga zugga.
“I can’t race that fool,” said Chester. “My momma will kill me if I wreck this car. My auntie gave me this car, man, I don’t know what you’re thinking about.”
“Roll up your window,” I said. “Nah, forget that. Just lean your ear over.”
“What?” asked Chester.
“Just listen, man. I think I know what to do.”
*
It was the oldest trick in the book. With spectators on either side, both Leon and Chester revved their engines. They faced away from the car wash, toward the hill that led to it, the strip being open road. I stood among the crowd, listening to the protests and disbelief. The general suspicion was that Chester was going to end up in the hospital.
“Let’s get this mother gone!” yelled a friend of Leon’s. A girl in a pair of pink hot pants stepped in between the two cars. Overhead, the blazing sun made jewels of the rocks in the asphalt. Apollonia seethed. Blue smoke billowed from every pipe.
“Dead man!” shouted Leon, leering from his dark ride.
“Ain’t nothin’ but a thang,” said Chester, grinning behind the mirrored sky of his sunglasses. “Here come the sweet potatoes!”
The girl shrieked a countdown. Leon’s car launched on “two,” taking the hill and then vanishing in a thick fog of exhaust. People were still knocking the dust from their clothes when the first few giggles could be heard in Leon’s wake.
“He calls that ‘fast’?” said Chester, still sitting in the same position as before the countdown. “That’s why his momma brought a spoon to the Super Bowl. Dumb-da-dumb-dumb!”
The crowd had seen it coming. The six-day-old French fries had seen it coming. With the roar of the black Camaro receding in the distance, guffaws and loud talk arose from the spectators. “Told you!” they shouted to each other. “Told you!” and “Damn it!” and “I’ll be dogged!” and, most vehemently, “Where my two dollars at?” Apollonia, whose engine was still running, slowly went into reverse, easing herself into the car wash bay made vacant by Leon’s haste. Simply put, the hare had hauled tail and now the tortoise was taking up shack in the rabbit’s hole. It was a Saturday morning cartoon. The Car Wash Club was hip, but not too hip for cartoons. They laughed and they cackled and they shook their heads. Even Leon’s boys were making fun of his skid marks.
“What are we supposed to do when he comes back?” asked Chester, stepping out of the car.
“Pop the hatch,” I said.
“Pop the hatch? What’s that supposed to do?”
I smiled, glancing around to make sure Le Ly was still there. “It’s supposed to open up the back, so I can get the cleaning stuff out. What’s wrong with you, man? I thought we came here to wash Apollonia?”
“Oh, yeah,” said Chester. A thousand words should have been pouring from my best friend’s mouth. This was his hour. People were shaking his hand, but I knew who was really racing his heart.
“Nice sunglasses,” she said, eying her own reflection.
Pure Hearts: Rock ‘N’ Roll Children
“Pure hearts deserve love. Pure hearts require love. Pure hearts are love.” 
This was the mantra that Bhanna repeated in her mind in order to make it through this godawful math class. At this point in her community college day, an hour before noon, Bhanna, twenty-seven, was convinced that she was the pure heart who most deserved love, the pure heart who most required love, the pure heart who was love. 
Jessie, nineteen, was her pure heart partner. He sat beside Bhanna in the back row of desks. Jessie appeared loved up. He appeared loved up, but then again, her boyfriend always looked happy and even more so in this moment because their scheme was going nice and smooth. All they had to do was sit here until the end of class and their presence would be credited in order for them to receive their student loan money. Once the funds were theirs, it was up for debate whether or not they would maintain their ploy. Financial aid scams had a limit. Getting an education had never been their intent. Jessie hated school. Bhanna had been surprised that she sort of enjoyed coming back. 
Either way, their education sham was funding these two able-bodied adults, these two who sat in the rear of every classroom, the tall black girl with the blonde Mohawk haircut and the underweight little white boy who was always with her. “Free money is Metal!” Jessie liked to say, flashing “the devil’s horns” hand sign (index finger and little finger upright, thumb clasped against the two middle fingers), the devil’s horns hand sign for Bhanna to reciprocate whenever classwork got too boring or too burdensome to bear. 
Whenever was now. “Free money is Metal!” crowed Jessie, and Bhanna returned the sign of the horns. She yawned.
“Student loan forgiveness is Metal,” Bhanna corrected him, dryly. “You know what else rocks? Home ownership.”
Jessie acknowledged her comment with a frown and then called her a sourpuss.  
This day, like all of their precarious days, could not be forever fixed. It was now a decade before noon. The clock on the wall behind their instructor made it clear that it would not stay so. At the end of the day, who would be the purest of heart? Would Jessie be the purest of heart? Would Bhanna be the purest of heart?
“At the end of the day,” continued the annoying redneck who had seized the attention of the classroom from their math teacher. Bhanna sighed. She yawned again. The heat in this room had made her sleepy. Bhanna and Jessie were ill-outfitted for this southern Alabama summer, the both of them dressed in denim and leather, the both of them wearing Black Sabbath T-shirts beneath their black leather jackets. 
The annoying redneck, Tater, had been arguing with a black girl named Vitta, who sat in the front row beside him. They’d been going at for ten minutes. Their math teacher, Mr. Dio, stood at the smartboard, inactive and bemused. He had abdicated attention to the bickering pair.  
“Don’t nothing you just said matters,” continued Tater. “Do it, Mr. Dio? Nothing she just said matters. Do it? Not one bit. Not one bit! The problem is the point. From point A to point B to point C. The problem is the point, shuug, not the participants.”
“You keep saying that,” fumed Vitta. “But that doesn’t make the solution right. The point is the problem. ‘Ridge must deliver a duvet to the customer by two p.m.’ Ridge? Duvet? That’s culturally loaded, man. Man, that’s beyond culturally loaded!”
“That’s beyond culturally ridiculous!” interrupted Jessie, going in for the laugh. “If somebody named ‘Ridge’ is delivering something called a ‘duvet’ — no forget that — if somebody named ‘Ridge’ is delivering anything — the free market has failed, socialism has won, and point C is Ridge negotiating to buy back his dental fillings from the hood stars who jacked his cracker ass. By the way, I’m white, so I can say cracker.”
“So can a parrot,” sniped Vitta. “And evidently, so can an asshole.” 
She immediately won laughter from the classroom and from Jessie himself, who cackled approvingly.
“My sister, my sister!” Jessie praised Vitta, smiling. “My sister from another mister! Or perhaps from the same mister. Were you born near a military base?”
Jessie, laughing, lurched forward in his desk. He caught himself just before toppling over and then he toppled over, anyway, face-planting directly onto the floor. The class applauded. Bhanna groaned. Unlike her, Jessie required a dose of attention to make it through his day. She required a dose of alcohol. Several, heavy doses of alcohol. 
The pure hearts were Rock ‘N’ Roll children, big into classic Heavy Metal music and its studded derivations. Everywhere they went, they advertised the alternate. Bhanna was a black girl with punky blonde hair, an African American female with her fingernails painted black, a sister wearing black denim jeans, black boots, a black leather jacket and a black metal cross on a black chain around her black neck. Her nose was pierced and the stud in her left nostril? Black.
Jessie was similarly dressed like a vintage headbanger. His addition to their fashion sense of doom was a giant trucker’s wallet chain dangling from his hip to the floor. Attached to the chain was a vintage cassette tape player. From it, Jessie would blast Heavy Metal music as he stomped in the halls between classes. He annoyed the instructors who sat in their offices with their doors open, especially his English instructor, Mr. Thomas. 
“Jessie!” Mr. Thomas would yell, fingers in his earholes like a square. “You youngsters with your Rock and your Roll! Jessie!”
At 5’1” compared to Bhanna’s towering 6’3”, the duo teased their presentation as akin to Gomez and Morticia Addams from The Addams Family. Jessie would plant kisses up and down Bhanna’s tattooed arms and pledge cara mia to his queen. And she was his beloved, indeed.  
Jessie again shot Bhanna the sign of the horns, this time augmenting his comedy by poking out his tongue and wagging it, Gene Simmons-style. Their classmates, already raucous, grew louder, heedless of their instructor’s call for quiet. Jessie, of course, kept the fire stoked, taking sides with Vitta, just because. Did they even do math in this class anymore?
Bhanna, bored, staked her right elbow on her desktop, cupped her chin inside her right palm. She stared at the clock, forcefully exhaling a long, loud push of air. She suffered a headache. She was hot. She was hung-over. 
Tater and Vitta’s contribution to her hangover:
“Why would hood stars need a duvet?” asked Tater.
“Why would your momma not butter her biscuits?” asked Vitta.
“What is a duvet?”
“What is a cracker?”
“The problem is the point, Vitta.”
“No, Tater, the point is the problem!”
“Sweetie, don’t be acting all butt-hurt because old boy back there done proved you wrong.”
“Sweetie? No, wait a minute. Butt-hurt? Did you just really say that?”
“Yeah, I just really said that,” chuckled Tater. “What’s wrong with saying butt-hurt? Ain’t you ever been paddled before? Evidently not. Northerners. Pfft!”
“I don’t think butt-hurt means what you think it means, Tater.”
“What else would butt-hurt mean, darling?”
“It would mean your momma doesn’t butter her biscuits!” sniped Jessie, instigating more laughter from the class. “World Star! World Star!” 
Jessie’s audience, the students, spanned ages from high school dual-credit teenagers to displaced workers in their forties coming back for job retraining, diverse in race, age, and academic proficiency. Of the thirty in the class, some laughed louder than others. Bhanna scanned her setting, subconsciously taking a head count of “the element,” her father’s contemptuous term for troublesome black people. Those other troublesome black people. 
This practice was automatic and Bhanna hated that she did this. She liked Vitta. She sort-of-liked Tater, too, the jolly idiot. Tater always had an apple on his desk, for some reason, never once giving it to the teacher. What Bhanna didn’t like was the potential for black Vitta and white Tater’s conflict to turn racial. All it took was a misunderstanding. Bhanna feared misunderstandings, especially those that dealt with race. There never seemed to be a solution.
Her father was black. Her mother was black. Bhanna was black. Her family — country and conservative rural black folks — still lived in this southern Alabama town called Smidd, in which she now found herself returned. She hated it here. She hated that she hated her hometown and she really hated that she and Jessie had washed up here, of all places. They’d been here now for two months. It had been five years since she had left and she had not paid her mother and father a single visit since she had returned, nor was she planning on it.
Jessie, meanwhile, harbored no concept of “the element,” saw no such distinctions. He tried to get along with everybody. He enjoyed playing to any audience. He dedicated the next ten minutes to riffing on the difference between Southern breakfast and Yankee breakfast, a riff authenticated by his road-dog lifestyle and his origins in Rockford, Illinois. He had them all cracking up. 
Bhanna, cynical, mused upon an alternate reality in which Jessie was well-compensated for entertaining people, lamented the true reality of his low-wage service industry future. Amidst this ruckus, a coquettish housewife-turned-nursing-student voiced her distress over the phrase “butt-hurt.” The entire class, excluding the instructor, Jessie, and Bhanna, took to their phones to research the etymology. 
“So long, point C,” sighed Bhanna, placing her head on her desk. “We’ll meet you on the test next week and have absolutely no idea how to solve you.” 
She moaned. She was sick. Not sick in her heart, though — pure hearts are never sick in their hearts — she was sick to her stomach. Her hangover had progressed. 
“Oh,” chirped the housewife-turned-nursing-student, reading her phone. “I didn’t think butt-hurt meant tha-at.” Her southern Alabama accent turned “that” into a two-syllable word. Jessie abandoned his breakfast bit and did a deep dive on Southern accents versus Northern accents. His unpaid entertainment career continues, Bhanna observed, wishing the clock on the wall would lie. She and Jessie were on borrowed time, having borrowed a neighbor’s car to come to school today, having to drive back to their apartment that afternoon to clear out their belongings due to eviction. Bhanna was on the verge of reminding Jessie of their eviction when she threw up inside her mouth. Startled, she forced down the vomit.
“Who is the purest of heart?” asked Jessie, smiling at her as their classmates continued to bicker. “Who is the purest of heart, pray tell?”
“For doing this?” dismissed Bhanna, waving off the chaos. “You’re the pure heart today because you busted up the class again? Jessie, if you put this much energy into making a buck, we wouldn’t be getting evicted. Nope, nope, no. I’m the pure heart for putting up with this craziness.”
“No, I’m the pure heart,” smiled Jessie. 
“I’m is.”
“Is ain’t! Is I’m! Is I’m!”
Their terms of endearment they volleyed as a joke. The pure hearts concept had originated from the corny dialogue featured in Jessie’s favorite soap opera, The Posh and The Poors. Bhanna didn’t like that show. She preferred reruns of The Addams Family. Her preference for classic television was among the few cherished preferences that she had inherited from her family, despite the annoying fact that it had initiated from her father’s house rule that forbade all but family-friendly entertainment. Morticia and them were more relatable, she thought, truer to her weirdo nature than the melodrama of pretty rich people with pretty rich problems to which she couldn’t relate. She empathized with the freaks and the comedy of it all, the real joke of life. 
Bhanna caught Jessie reaching into a pocket of his jacket. A full sleeve of crackers emerged. He handed it to her, grinning. “I ask you again. Who is the purest of heart?”
“Jessie,” said Bhanna, smiling. “Jessie is the —”
She puked.
And so violent was Bhanna’s convulsions, that Jessie, her pure heart partner, said one of the few things that could end the classroom chaos.
“Blood!” cried Jessie, panicking. “She’s throwing up blood! Somebody get help! Please help? Somebody please get help!”
*
Hospital stays were a pure hearts no-no. The lovers had agreed upon this. If something ever happened to either one of them or to both of them, their promise to each other was to decline a ride in the ambulance. Ambulance rides cost money. If Jessie or Bhanna had access to a working vehicle during an emergency, driving themselves to the hospital was the better option. Ideally, the pure hearts could tough out illnesses and ailments that would send most people to seek medical attention. In times when outlaws had insurance, when outlaws didn’t have insurance, when they had a working vehicle, when they had no working vehicle, had friends who could drive them places, had no friend in the world — in times good or bad, Jessie and Bhanna, outlaws, had agreed to avoid the hospital as much as possible. 
And contributing to their dodge? Jessie had a warrant out for his arrest. Domestic violence. He and Bhanna had gotten into a physical altercation while staying at an apartment in Kansas City, Missouri a couple of months ago (pure hearts always “stayed” somewhere, never did they “live” anywhere). The fight had been over an unpaid power bill. Bhanna, as was her nature, Bhanna had heard Jessie say her name one time too many during the verbal portion of their argument. Even though she had been in the wrong concerning the unpaid power bill, something about hearing Jessie say her name with an accusatory tone always spurred Bhanna to make the perfectly verbal regrettably physical. She had hit him. And as was her nature, she had hit Jessie hard, punching her boyfriend in the face and then scratching where the punch had landed, her special technique. Jessie had never hit Bhanna, but shoving and shaking were not unknown in his attempts to wrangle his girlfriend whenever she got physical. Bhanna often got physical.
When the cops had come, they had been obligated to take Jessie in, as usual, and the resulting tidal wave of legality and missed hearings had flooded them farther south. Now they were at risk for drowning down here in Alabama with Jessie’s outstanding warrant and this deathly urgent reason to violate their no-hospital policy. It wasn’t just the fear of Jessie going to jail here that Bhanna dreaded. It was her being back in her hometown that sucked. Not since she had left it five years ago did Bhanna say the words “Smidd, Alabama” with such contempt. But it had been her idea to return, her notion that she could mooch off her Liberty Village aunt on her father’s side of the family, the cool Bohemian aunt who liked her, the suburban aunt her rural father hated. It turned out her aunt had cancer. Change of plans. Let’s try that student loan scam again.
And now she was back here. Back in her hometown. Back in school. Stuck.  
Succumbing to the urgent need for urgent care, the vodka and the blood and the bilious stomach sick that she was vomiting onto the white tiled floor of this community college classroom — succumbing would wash Bhanna and Jessie back up river, float new questions, signal unwanted attention from the emergency responders, from the hospital staff gathering information during the intake. 
It was her fault that she was back in this shit hole. 
It would not be her fault that Jessie went back to jail. 
So Bhanna swallowed her sick.
*
It was now two o’clock in the afternoon. The pure hearts sat restlessly in the car that they had borrowed from their neighbor Demetria earlier that morning. They sat arguing in the parking lot of the college, quarreling over whether or not Bhanna should be taken to the hospital. She didn’t want to go. Jessie, panicking, couldn’t convince her to go. The lovers had been trapped in this purgatory of indecision since they had successfully persuaded the emergency responders and school staff who had attended to Bhanna in their math class that Bhanna was okay, that she had only puked the one time, and that had happened only because she had eaten an improperly-cooked breakfast. Everybody, of course, could smell the alcohol fuming off her sick. Bhanna had become so self-conscious about her alcohol and mouthwash odor that she had looked up from the classroom floor where she was sitting upright, surrounded by emergency responders, had looked directly at the paramedic who was the most persistent in trying to get her to the hospital — she had eye-fucked this appropriately-concerned stranger and had then pitched him a half-truth about her having, umm, test anxiety. Enough to make her vomit blood? Yes, of course, it was that bad, she testified.
Half the truth (that only Jessie could verify) was that Bhanna really did have anxiety over an upcoming math test. The lie part was that, instead of the morning alcohol that everybody smelled, an improperly-cooked breakfast had made her nauseous. A cooked breakfast? That alone was a falsehood so false that Bhanna almost blew it by going into way too much detail about what exactly she had eaten that morning. Get this nonsense: Boysenberry pancakes, Mangalica sausage, truffles, Stilton cheese, Porcini mushrooms, and a 1947 vintage port. That wasn’t blood that she had projectile-vomited onto the back of the boy who sat in front of her, that was port! 
Even Jessie, panicking as he stood huddled with the emergency responders, even her pure heart partner in crime had raised an eyebrow at his girlfriend’s ridiculous untruth. The joke, of course, was that Bhanna, despite her health emergency, was getting off on the absurdity of these hillbillies writing down her posh breakfast menu as if it were a list of ingested suicide pills, plus her own personal in-joke of knowing what Mangalica sausage was while sitting queasy in a pool of bottom-shelf convenience store vodka freshly erupted from her stomach. Convenience store vodka mixed with grapefruit juice. The boy whose back she had splattered with vomit wore a T-shirt advertising his private-school Christian academy. At least Bhanna’s aim had been true. 
Now, at two hours past noon, the pure hearts were outside idle in the school parking lot. They were free to not go to the hospital, and yet the two of them could only argue about whether or not to go to the hospital. The school administration had insisted that calling 911 was their policy, but Bhanna and Jessie didn’t give a shit. So out here in the parking lot they remained. 
Stuck.
“Still not going,” Bhanna snapped at Jessie. 
“And yet still bleeding,” Jessie snapped back.
She wiped the corners of her mouth with a fast-food napkin. Blood smeared the coarse, white paper. Bhanna’s nausea renewed. She was so hungry, yet so unable to eat. That Demetria’s vehicle had no working air didn’t help things. Their borrowed car retained the noxious odor of a burger meal. 
Jessie, sitting behind the steering wheel of their neighbor’s car, Jessie said hello to a passing student who was too far away in the parking lot to hear him. Bhanna rolled her eyes. She slouched down in the passenger’s seat next to Jessie, still very nauseous but no longer puking. Her lover held her left hand, massaged her left palm in an attempt to comfort her, his special technique that she noted, cynically, as more of an attempt to calm himself. He brushed her laugh lines with his fingertips, a gesture she cherished. But he doesn’t know what to do with me, she mused. Of course, pure hearts rarely know what to do. Most of the daily difficulties encountered by pure hearts are the direct result of bad decision-making, indecision, or failure to even address the fact that a decision needed to be made. That partly explained the chronic uncertainty of their living arrangements. That, and being chronically broke. 
And now Jessie had decided to panic again? He wouldn’t calm down? His concern for his girlfriend, warranted, was annoying her to the point that anger, too, Bhanna now swallowed with her blood and her vomit. That they were being evicted from their apartment didn’t help.
“Babe, you have to go,” Jessie pleaded, caressing the back of her left hand. “You’re in bad shape. You’re throwing up blood. Please let me take you to the hospital. They have to treat you. We don’t have to pay. I mean, we do have that insurance. I think it’s still good, I think. Nobody’s looking for me here, Bhanna.”
“They don’t have to look for you,” Bhanna insisted. “Fish swim to the hook, Jessie, you know that. Don’t be dense. I’m fine. I got it all out. We have to get back to the place. Our stuff. That bitch, you know she’s throwing our stuff in the dumpster.”
“Which is why we needed to pack up everything last night and stash it at Demetria’s place, like I said. Like I said, Bhanna.”
“What?”
 “We shouldn’t have come to school today. I said that, too.”
“And not get counted for the loan checks?”
“To the apartment or to the hospital? Where to, Bhanna? You tell me.”
“How about I tell you this, Jessie?” spat Bhanna, growing heated. “Student loans we’ll have to pay back. Hospital bills can be dodged. Sort of. But student loan debt is forever, Jessie, vigorously forever. We need the loan checks to pay for a new apartment. One more day and that bitch would get her money but then she wouldn’t be that bitch. If I go to the hospital and they keep me there, I can’t come pick up my check here tomorrow. We don’t have bank accounts. We don’t have —”
“Where to, Bhanna?” shouted Jessie. “Tell me, please, dude, fuck!”
This was Jessie’s probe, she knew, his probe to see if she was up for a fight. Blame. The blame game. “Like I said, Bhanna. Where to, Bhanna?” Say her name with some stink on it, some attitude. 
“Like I said, Bhanna. Like I told you.”
He wants me to take the bait, get angry, get into a fight, and get his out. He wants his out. My drinking has become too much of a burden for him, thought Bhanna. Prime me like a pump (pump my stomach?) here in this community college parking lot, here in their neighbor’s junky old car, here after she had just embarrassed herself in that classroom, and then watch me explode when we get back to that apartment to find our clothes and our vinyl records melting in that smelly apartment dumpster.
“I want to take the math test,” Bhanna announced, pulling her hands away from Jessie. “I want to try. I want to pass. I want to stay in school. After the checks come in tomorrow, I want to stay in school. There could be a real job on the other side of this, Jessie. A right real job.”
“If that’s what you…” Jessie stammered, caught off guard. “…what you want.” And then he got heated. “I mean, sure, why not? It’s just that I’ll be in the county jail while you’re circling in ‘C’ for every answer because you know they called us in after that junkie spectacular you put on in there. You know they called us in and yeah, so. Thanks. Thanks, Bhanna. Doesn’t matter if I drive you to the hospital. I’m arrested now. Thanks. Thank you.”
“Are you finished? If you’re so scared of the cops, then drive, Jessie, shit! Start the car and drive the fuck on, dude! To the hospital, to the apartment! I don’t care! Just fucking drive!”
Jessie responded by turning his head dramatically, childishly, hard left to stare out the window. This piece-of-junk car that they had borrowed from their neighbor had a black trash bag taped over the missing left rear window and hadn’t Demetria said something about the brake lights? About the oil leak? About the constant odor of gas fumes, the alarming constant odor of gas fumes that tasted in Bhanna’s mouth now like a hot penny? Driving this rolling police bait and he was blaming her for his potential arrest. 
Bhanna’s stomach spat up another wave of sick. She retched, forcing it down, the peppermint mouthwash and the soured grapefruit juice and the vodka that she had consumed in the kitchen that morning while Jessie had been taking his shower. For weeks now, she had been drinking alone. Really alone. Ever since they had crashed here in her hometown, her using had increased. Jessie’s drinking and drugging career had ended in his early teens, his early years as a runaway. Bhanna had never seen Jessie drink alcohol or use drugs, but she had drunk and done drugs around him. Lately she had taken to sneaking shots and downing opioids when he wasn’t there. She hid pints around the apartment and bought little bags of pills when they separated into different neighborhoods, searching for delivered packages to steal from people’s porches. Couldn’t do that either, Jessie had argued, when they spent most of their day at that stupid school. 
The blame game. This was her fault for getting sick and derailing their schemes.
She didn’t want to go to the hospital, yet she needed this scene to end. 
So she punched Jessie in the face.
As she clawed and scratched, Jessie started the car. Fighting, they sped away from the school. Their fight became so intense that Jessie had to pull the car over to the side of the road. 
He held his partner until she stopped hitting him. He cradled her as she convulsed. 
Jessie hugged her as she cried.
*
Stuck?
They were on the road again. Bhanna was now hours dry since her last dose of alcohol. The shakes and the chills had arrived, prompting Bhanna to attempt to roll up her window while Jessie drove. She couldn’t get the glass to move. Their neighbor’s crappy car ran like it was irritated that it was still running twenty years past its prime. A window perpetually jammed halfway down into the door frame seemed about right. It wouldn’t warm her anyway. Body ache and icy bones had joined the nausea, her throat-lining too raw with bile burns. She was too hot, she was too cold, she couldn’t eat. And what would she have eaten? Cracker crumbs dotted Bhanna’s leather jacket, the result of her having used the sleeve of Ritz knockoffs to bash Jessie’s head during their fight. He had crumbs all over his jacket, too, all over the front of his favorite Black Sabbath T-shirt, the one with the Vol. 4 album cover design, that album being his number one album of all. She favored Master of Reality. Or maybe Sabbath Bloody Sabbath? Never Say Die! had its patently-absurd charms. Thinking about Metal eased her temper a bit. To lighten the mood, Bhanna picked crumbs off Jessie’s jacket and stuck out her tongue, sprinkling the crumbs onto it while making exaggerated yummy noises. She shot Jessie the devil’s horns sign with her free hand. Jessie ignored her.
This day is not going to end well, Bhanna thought, slumping back down into her car seat. Where were they going after they moved out of their place? Couldn’t go mooch off her aunt. Demetria and them didn’t have room. Bhanna’s old hometown friends had long departed. There was no way she was going to her family for help. They probably would set up their tent in one of the tent cities located in The Bottoms. Bhanna kicked her stack of textbooks on the floor (her textbooks because Jessie hadn’t even bothered to buy his). She took a moment to lament the shabby condition of her sneakers. The shabby condition of her life? Wow, had this relationship gone south. Literally. 
As the rusty old sedan rolled past the churches and the chicken processing plants, the peanut fields and the textile mills of her hometown, Bhanna reflected on their pure hearts history. 
Back to the start. 
*
The lovers had met last summer at a music festival in Tucson, Arizona that Bhanna hadn’t even planned on attending. Too many poser legacy acts were on the bill, posers that were decidedly not Metal, which was generally the case nowadays. True legacy acts Bhanna loved: Metallica, Megadeth, Iron Maiden, Black Sabbath, and Ozzy Osbourne. Tours that she could afford, however, usually featured old Hair Metal bands for the sports bar crowd. Being in her late twenties, she acknowledged that she was into music from previous generations, knew that she risked hipsterism by dressing so vintage. But she just couldn’t get into today’s popular music. Bhanna didn’t dance. She slam-danced.
Her true classic Metal heroes had either sidelined themselves with substance abuse or their groups had disbanded or they had begrudgingly reformed just for the dollar sign. Some of the greats were still out there, though. Bhanna longed to see Megadeth again before Dave Mustaine retired.
A lack of the greats had been Jessie’s loud-mouthed critique of the festival line-up in Tucson last summer. The two of them, strangers then, had stood near each other in queue to enter the venue. He wouldn’t shut up. Unlike now, driving in silence as a form of punishing her for the fight that they just had in their neighbor’s literally crumby car, Jessie had been a motormouth last summer in the queue outside the desert city venue. He had been a windbag during the awkward realization that they and their respective groups of friends were destined to stand near each other in the blazing sun for ten hours. And most annoyingly, during the totality of those ten hours, his insult comedy grew more barbed with each disappointment from the rotating stage of posers. 
No Ozzy. No Metallica. No Black Sabbath. No Iron Maiden. No Megadeth. 
Hell, even a 1990s acoustical act would’ve been better than the half-assed cover band up there fooling around, looking like they should’ve been called Hipsters, The Musical. Man, did they suck. Male-enhancement-pill-commercial suck. In particular, the band that most of their desert rat friends had come to see, this cover band now on stage called themselves Apartment Wall Repair Kit. They were supposed to be a parody band, right? 
“Covering Slayer with a yodeler,” Jessie had observed, bemused. “A tuba. A triangle? Is that dude playing ‘Angel of Death’ on a fucking triangle?”
Bhanna laughed. She found the kid agreeable.
“They’ve done it,” she chimed in. “They’ve finally gone and done it. The hipsters have out-hipstered themselves.”
As the music festival day turned into night, the older and much taller woman found herself standing closer to the kid. Back then Bhanna had her head shaved in a higher, much more extreme Wendy O. Williams-style Mohawk, an X-Men Storm-style Mohawk. She loved Storm. She loved Wendy O. Williams. She wished more of her friends were into Plasmatics. 
Jessie, attracted, homed in on her, chanting, “Yodel-ay-hee-hoo,” while banging his head up and down. Bhanna laughed again. She couldn’t stop laughing. Jessie struck her as so amusing that, as she would repeat a year later in a classroom back in her hometown, she projectile-spat vodka onto the back of a festival patron directly in front of her. In this instance, it was a middle-aged white man who had been trying to head-bang. The gray-haired old tax payer had been dad-banging in front of them, thrashing about all fat and sweaty when Bhanna had suddenly laughed out her drink onto his back. 
Now with the look of a heart attack verging, the oldster turned around. Was this about to turn ugly? Turn racial? All it took was a misunderstanding. Bhanna feared misunderstandings, especially those that dealt with race. There never seemed to be a solution.
The white man locked his hard blue eyes onto Bhanna, scanning her dark body from her boots to her bare midriff to her towering white Mohawk and all of her piercings in between.
The white man then reached a hand over his left shoulder and felt the wetness of the vodka on his back. He sniffed his fingers. He licked his fingers. To her surprise, he then smiled, merrily flashing Bhanna the devil’s horns hand sign and then, regrettably, he dad-banged too close to a mosh pit. Bhanna had noticed the skinheads near them, of course. As a veteran of being one of the few blacks who attended Heavy Metal concerts, she had just stood there, hoping to be ignored by the slam-dancing Nazis. They did ignore her. They did not, however, ignore the fat pasty fucker who had suddenly bunny-hopped into their lair.
“Ausländer!” screamed a skinhead, the one who then jellied the old man’s scrotum with a swift kick of boot. Daddy collapsed to his knees, still holding up the devil’s horn hand sign. A prosthetic testicle rolled out from under the cuff of his pants. 
“Did that just happen?” asked Jessie, befuddled. 
“That didn’t not just happen,” Bhanna observed, dryly, watching the prosthetic testicle roll to a stop at her boots. 
Morticia and Gomez. Sonny and Cher. 
Shared commentary at this scene led to conversation about the fights at shows that they’d previously attended, the modern-day Metal acts that they enthusiastically supported, especially the local Metal bands that they followed no matter what town they found themselves in. One should always support emerging Metal acts, the soon-to-be pure hearts agreed. Even shitty live Metal was better than no live Metal? As long as it was Metal. They then discussed a shared love of horror movies, comparing the gore they now witnessed — as the skinheads proceeded to spatchcock the oldster — to the gore of their horror favorites. Both loved Stephen King and Clive Barker. Both enjoyed The Horror Show Podcast with Sean and Joe. 
Laughing and talking and laughing about what they were talking about bonds all pure hearts partnerships. A lack of communication signals conclusion. This Bhanna knew to be true as their borrowed car, pregnant with lack, creaked closer to the end.
*
So this is the pure hearts pledge. It is to be spoken aloud by both pure hearts while facing each other. It is to be spoken aloud simultaneously while staring deeply into each other’s eyes:
“Pure hearts deserve love. Pure hearts require love. Pure hearts are love.”
Bhanna and Jessie had first taken the pure hearts pledge while homeless in South Bend, Indiana. Several times within a single year, they had crisscrossed the country. Atlanta, Georgia. Las Cruces, New Mexico. Two Egg, Florida. By Greyhound bus they most often traveled, sometimes by junky old cars that lasted about the amount of time a five-hundred-dollar car could last. 
Now surely about to part ways here in Alabama, the pure hearts pulled into the parking lot of the week-to-week apartment building where they had been staying for the past couple of weeks, this current week with overdue rent. And that was a problem. What was the saying? “Love don’t pay the rent.” Bhanna, sitting upright in her seat as Jessie parked the car, Bhanna thought about singing the phrase as a joke. She was suddenly overcome with a very different emotion, however, perhaps nostalgia and longing after having mused on their pure hearts past during the tortuous ride from the college. This is what she chanted instead:
“Pure hearts deserve love. Pure hearts require love. Pure hearts are love.”
Jessie didn’t even bother looking at her, a lingering fallout from their fight. Waiting for the fugitive as he exited the garbagy car was a scene she immediately recognized as their last stand. It rarely got worse than this. Cops would’ve made it worse, but the participants that were present so disheartened Bhanna that she wished that none of them were there. All it took was a misunderstanding. Bhanna feared misunderstandings, especially those that dealt with race. There never seemed to be a solution.
The presence of so many black people, she didn’t have a problem with, nor the presence of any black people, truly. Truly, Bhanna? It was the combination, the volatile mix, the unfortunate pairing of Jessie “The Black Man’s Ally,” along with this gathering of fifteen or so of their Bottoms apartment building neighbors, a.k.a. Jessie’s “black brothers from other mothers,” and, most regrettably, the presence of their white apartment building manager, that snooping goblin who was decidedly an ally to nobody, mother regardless. This “ally” business had the most potential for going pear-shaped. Simply put, her white boyfriend Jessie always thought black people liked him, when nine-times-out-of-ten, Bhanna got the feeling that they didn’t. He never acted fake or overly-friendly. Though Jessie did speak with street inflections and street word choices and street sentence construction and street phrases that were black in origin, he never tried to talk “blacker” than he already sounded, nor suddenly did he become a Rap music fan when around the black people they’d meet during their travels. Jessie would just be Jessie, which meant playing the fool, being the loudmouth, attempting to clown for any audience that would pay him attention. An approval-seeker, her white boy Jessie was, always checking in on people like Vitta in their math class, checking in to make sure his joking around hadn’t been taken with offense. He was like that with the rednecks, too, which was odd because Jessie was drastically less comfortable around hillbillies than around black people. Most of the crowd of young black people that they came across ultimately liked to laugh, and Jessie fucking loved to laugh and he loved to earn laughs, even if the laughter was at his expense (as it most often was). He couldn’t turn it off. Pure hearts can never turn it off. He was like this when they’d met and he was like this now at the end.
“Don’t worry, baby,” Jessie assured her, smiling as he opened the car door. “I got this.”
“Do you?” asked Bhanna. “Jessie, I don’t think that you do.”
He winked at her, exiting the vehicle. If it were just their neighbors that Jessie played to, his youthful excitability and eagerness to please might not have been a problem. But because their white apartment building manager revealed an alarming racism when black people weren’t around (she didn’t consider Bhanna to be black, evidently) because of this dual reality of Jessie The Black Man’s Ally and Jessie The White-Trash Evicted Resident, this whole scene could get ugly, Bhanna felt, and it could get ugly even without the added threat of her anger rising from the depths of her ongoing alcohol withdrawal, now at its vampiric peak this late in the afternoon.
“I got this,” said Jessie.
She needed a bottle.
“Babe, I got this,” Jessie repeated, grinning for his black majority audience.
What was it that her father had said, had said to Bhanna when she’d told him and her mother that she was not going to college after high school? Oh, come on, she knew. Bhanna knew. “Yeah, you’ll know,” her father had said to her, spitefully. “When you find yourself around too much of the element. You’ll know. Oh, you done messed up now, little girl. Running on fumes, ain’t you, hot rod? You’ll know.”
Her father, black, did not like most other blacks, especially those blacks from The Bottoms. And where was she now?
Bhanna scanned the growing number of people milling about in the courtyard. Their building was rough and low-rent and centrally located in the ruined part of town. The Bottoms, they called it. Every city they had toured contained a Bottoms. This was her hometown Bottoms, a place of Armageddon, according to her father, an irradiated wasteland full of wild and shiftless blacks.
Passing foot traffic from the broken sidewalk fed fresh onlookers in to stop and see what was going down. Who was going down. Somebody was always going down in The Bottoms, weren’t they?
Still seated in the car as Jessie neared the porch steps that led up to their apartment, Bhanna grimaced at the swelling circus of bystanders. So you people, thought Bhanna, you people decided that you have nothing better to do right now than to watch an apartment manager and her staff haul our shit out of that apartment? Watching others down on their luck is showtime for you people, huh? Vultures scavenging, picking through the bin full of predicted failure.
You people.
“You’ll know,” her father had predicted, had chuckled with smug derision. “When you find yourself around too much of the element. You’ll know precisely your worth, Katherine,” he would say, calling her by her Christian name, having never once spoken the name that she had chosen for herself. “Katherine,” he would assert, as if baptizing her all over again every time he said it, saying her Christian name with that emphasis of ownership, that stamp, that brand, that mark. Jessie sometimes said her chosen name like that, too.
“Bhanna. I got this, Bhanna.”
And that’s why Bhanna needed to drink. Well, one of the reasons she needed to drink. Whenever she heard her name, either name, said to her that way, she heard within the inflection an accusatory tone of predicted failure, a call to come back home to those who once protected you. Protected you from what, Bhanna? From the black bullies who picked on you for liking the music that you liked, for talking the way that you talked, for wearing the fashion that you chose to wear, for associating with the white kids you chose to hang around, with your misfit giraffe self. And don’t forget the white bullies who picked on you for simply being black. How could she forget them?
“You’ll know,” Bhanna’s father had expected, predicted. “You’ll know when you find yourself around too much of the element.” Her father called certain black people “the element.” The judgmental sound of his hateful voice uttering “the element” with all of his hate, the sound of his loathsome voice echoed in his estranged daughter’s head, an angry, bitter sound from an angry, bitter working-man whom she had not spoken to in years, had not listened to in over a decade.
“You’ll know. They’ll be in the same line for the hand-outs with you, Katherine. Right there with you, hot rod.”
Here now at the scene of yet another apartment eviction, a phone was raised amongst the crowd. Their eviction was being videoed by Demetria, the neighbor from whom they had borrowed the car. Demetria, the black girl. That other black girl. A fellow black girl. Her sister. 
Was Demetria videoing their eviction to protect them or to mock them? Bhanna’s headache surged so sharply that she vomited inside her mouth again, barely containing the sick. She saw that Jessie had spotted the milk crate that housed some of their vinyl records at approximately the same time Bhanna herself recognized the jug that contained her vodka. Both treasured items sat atop a trashed heap of their belongings in the dumpster next to the apartment building. 
A pure heart, a true child of Rock ‘N’ Roll should head straight from the car to the trash bin to retrieve their junked vinyl records.
And Jessie, the purest of heart, was doing exactly that when he spotted another crate of records being hauled out of their apartment by the property manager herself. He changed course. Of course, Jessie changed course.
“No!” Jessie shouted, earning attention from all at the scene. “You don’t touch those! Those records aren’t yours!”
The apartment staff who walked out directly behind the manager was a large black man. Without even so much as a warning, this gigantic black man situated himself in front of the manager, blocking Jessie’s running approach up the steps of the apartment. If Jessie had kept running, the scene may have played out much differently or at least differently enough to have kept Jessie’s dignity intact. 
But he didn’t keep running. 
According to a logic that only pure hearts like Jessie could understand, the scrawny little white boy decided to stop directly in front of the large, muscular black man and say unto him, earnestly and without sarcasm, friendly and with cosmically incongruous joy, joy, joy, smiling, smiling, smiling: 
“What is up, my brother?”
Automatically, the giant clamped Jessie’s neck within both of his hands, informed him, “Not you!” and then lifted and slammed Jessie down hard onto the asphalt parking lot — slammed Jessie’s back to the ground as if he were an overturned turtle — slammed Jessie down hard, yelping, several feet below the porch. Jessie farted upon impact. The bystanders laughed.
Bhanna, having lost any semblance of being the purest of heart, jumped out of the car and walked straight past her downed boyfriend. The dumpster was her destination. From atop Jessie’s stack of vinyl records in the bin, Bhanna retrieved her full gallon jug of grapefruit juice and vodka solution, 3.4 liters of which being straight vodka, and then she kept walking until she could no longer hear the mocking laughter of “the element,” could only hear the mean-spirited laughter of her satisfied father, could only hear the opening twist of her alcohol solution (her suicide solution?), could only taste the satanic kiss of the spirits.
*
Stuck?
Stuck.
But guess what? 
Chicken butt!
Pure hearts are sentimental. 
Pure hearts are earnest and true, genuine and real. 
The requisite irony, detachment, and snark exhibited by most people, including herself, Bhanna found annoying and Jessie couldn’t find at all because he was so gregarious and so wanting to be loved. He didn’t get why people hated things just to be hating. He couldn’t play his video games online because of the cesspool of racism, transphobia, and homophobia, didn’t understand why grownups still called people names, didn’t like hipsters and really, really didn’t like it when hipsters watched his favorite soap opera for the sake of irony. He didn’t care to see obviously rich kids trending at the Rescue Mission, purchasing the outdated clothing that the poors still have to wear.
Most of all, Jessie didn’t like his own not-liking. Positivity was his purposeful way.
Of her cherished moments with her boyfriend, Bhanna fondly recalled the nights when Jessie sacrificed his earbuds and played Rock ‘N’ Roll music directly to her head in order to block out the sounds of the city and the noise of inconsiderate neighbors. He’d role-play as a blissed-out Rock ‘N’ Roll disc jockey from a bygone era. Wolfman Jack playing Little Richard music. Jimi Hendrix music. Brian Wilson, The Beach Boys, and Phil Spector’s Wall of Sound. To further escape the depression of their miserable surroundings, Jessie would make love to her with his music pounding hard and incessant into her vibrating ears. And yet he still stepped gingerly so as to never disturb the assholes who lived underneath? Jessie was the pure heart. He was so pure that it was cloying, causing Bhanna to question if she had ever truly been a pure heart at all. Truly? A skeptic like her? A cynic like her? Truly, Bhanna? 
She awoke in a hospital bed. 
Came now, as Bhanna realized that she was no longer in the clothes that she had dressed herself in but now in a gown placed on her by another, came now the painful birth of yet another headache, the craving for the salty lime rinds in the backwash of a beer. Bhanna considered that her stomach had been pumped, placed her hand on her throat and down under her hospital gown to feel for evidence. Wait, would this actually determine anything? She groaned. She had no clue. 
She lay attached to tubes and wires, yet still she had no clue about her own health other than the relief that there was the promise of hospital food, at least, to quell her sudden hunger. All Bhanna knew for certain is that whatever body chemistry she had altered due to her excessive alcohol consumption sometimes left her with a “good hangover.” It was the lingering euphoria one felt after a hard night of partying when it seemed liked you were okay to drive home at 6 a.m. but the oak tree in your way felt otherwise. She had a good hangover now, or so she thought. She recognized the scratch of the institutional bedding in which she lay swaddled. She had been here before. Yeah, Bhanna had been here before. If not in this specific psychiatric hospital room, you’ve been here before, Katherine Ruth.
She sat upright in the bed. With eyes still shut, Bhanna imagined that her family was here, praying for their Katherine. Bhanna imagined her father, her mother, her two younger brothers and her younger sister holding hands in a prayer circle as they stood beside her bed. She imagined them in their modest and outdated church clothes. She focused her imagination on her little sister, her little sister so unlike most teenagers, rigid in her hard white shoes, perpetually embarrassed, chronically unsafe, forever on lost little girl alert. Here? Down here in The Bottoms with so much of the element? Bhanna got giddy at the thought of it. Her family’s conservative Christian discomfort, their rural fundamentalist panic at being in The Bottoms, she imagined it sweating through their stiff Sunday finest like the cheese Mom made sweating through its cloth. 
A black misfit from a family of black conservative Christians. She had been born a misunderstanding, Bhanna often thought of herself. Society hates misunderstandings and punishes with impunity those that society misunderstands.
When she finally opened her eyes, she saw only Jessie sitting in a chair beside her bed. She had hallucinated her family’s presence? Jessie’s head was bowed. His eyes were closed. He was praying! 
Oh, man, though Bhanna, shutting her eyes again, I have fantastically and I have beautifully screwed the pooch this time! Screwed that pooch’s asshole out!
“Dear Satan,” prayed Jessie, with absolutely no trace of irony or sarcasm in his voice. “Dear Buddha, Vishnu, Old Testament God, Hashem, Siddharth, Allah, Jesus, Lord Krishna, Oprah, Tony Robbins. Please help my Bhanna. God, please help her. Please? Mr. Dio says the sign of the horns wards off the evil eye, the malocchio, God, the sign of the horns protects against the malocchio. Or was it Gayle King who said that? Hmm... King Gayle, I beseech thee.”
Bhanna felt a laugh coming on but knowing that Jessie would be embarrassed by it, she kept quiet. She watched him as he raised his head and he opened his eyes. He saw that Bhanna had awoken. Startled by the revelation, he immediately rose from his chair, scrambling his way to the door, presumably to go alert hospital staff. Bhanna croaked his name. Jessie immediately stopped and walked back to his chair beside her bed, slowly taking a seat, looking worried as she asked him to not abandon her just yet. He inquired about how she was feeling. He helped her drink from a small cup of water. He adjusted her pillows. He waited for her to speak. 
Impatient like a kid about to give a grown-up a present, Jessie then spat words so unexpected, she actually thought he was trying to be funny. 
“Babe, we’re rich,” would’ve made more sense if he had been trying to be funny.
“We’re what?” croaked Bhanna.
“We’re rich!” Jessie repeated, nodding his head with cartoonishly upturned eyebrows, signaling that he, too, was stunned by the nonsense coming out of his mouth. “I can’t even… It wouldn’t even… Oh, just look.”
Before he streamed the internet video for her to see, she noticed the shiny new phone in Jessie’s hand. She believed him. He didn’t even have to explain a thing, didn’t have to show her any evidence to support his sudden claim of sudden wealth. When Bhanna saw the make and model of Jessie’s new phone, which she doubted that he could have stolen (her boyfriend being the world’s worst package thief, smiling up at the hovering surveillance drones as if they were Pixar-bots instead of impassive, capitalist kill-cubes) the only facet of his declaration that needed proof was, “How rich?”
The Brother Versus The What Is Up Kid was the title of the video that was streaming. Jessie, holding up his phone next to her bed, Jessie could not contain his glee. He looked so happy and so beautifully happy that Bhanna forgot where she was. For a moment, she actually forgot who she was. Katherine? Bhanna?
“What is up, my brother?” she heard Jessie say in the video. The footage then played out exactly as it had at the scene of their apartment eviction. The giant clamped Jessie’s throat in his hands, growled, “Not you!” and then he slammed Jessie down hard onto the parking lot below. The spectators erupted in laughter. Before Bhanna saw herself enter the scene on the way to the dumpster, the video ended and the streaming platform recommended similar viral videos of people getting dropped in street fights. 
“So I’m the ‘What Is Up My Brother Kid’ babe,” Jessie declared, laughing at himself. “And to answer all of your questions — money, money, money! Yes, I have an agent,” he said in a self-mocking celebrity tone. “Sugar Milk, that cat who slammed me, Sugar Milk has an agent. Our apartment building manager has an agent. Demetria, who shot the video, she has an agent. Some of the bystanders who didn’t do anything but laugh, they’re getting paid, too. And I mean paid! Gifs of Neck Bones and them laughing are all over the internet. We’re memes now, Bhanna. You wouldn’t believe how big this thing has gotten. Demetria already has a new car! You wouldn’t believe.”
“No,” croaked Bhanna, coughing through the rawness of her throat. “I wouldn’t. But I do.” 
How long had she been unconscious? It felt as though she had not spoken in weeks. Had she been in the hospital for weeks?
“Jessie…”
“I know, I know,” he laughed, servicing her with more water. “Trust me, babe. I know.”
She noticed how clean his teeth appeared. His clothes. His hair. Jessie looked well. He looked really well. Not scrubbed-potato well, like he’d just washed himself off in a rest-stop bathroom, but truly, genuinely well-fed and well-rested. Not a single street sore did Bhanna now see on Jessie’s skin. Her own improved hygiene was so drastic that Bhanna felt another spike of shame upon the realization that she had been scrubbed clean by another, had her hair untangled and washed and brushed by another. She was surprised her Mohawk remained.
“How long have I been out?” asked Bhanna.
“Oh, for a year,” Jessie replied, puckishly. “Nah. Two weeks. Almost. Thirteen days, if you count last Thursday when you first woke up and we had this exact same conversation before you went unconscious again. Thirteen days since you went missing from the apartment that day of the fight. We found you blacked out at a bus stop, Bhanna. Like, really, really blacked out.”
“Evidently,” sighed Bhanna. “I’ve been in this bed for two weeks?”
Automatically, her eyes darted downward to her arms, to her wrists, checking herself for fresh cuts, new scars, for signs of another suicide attempt.
“Nope,” Jessie assured her. “Not this time.”
Bhanna exhaled.
“Babe, I couldn’t find you,” continued Jessie. “For hours, I couldn’t find you. Those were the worst hours of my life. The scariest hours. In my darkest hour, yeah? And when we did find you — me and Demetria and them — when we did find you, you were blacked out. Talking, though, which was even more scary. Fuck me, I never want to witness that again.”
“I was talking?”
“Yeah. You kept saying ‘I want to come home. I want to come home.’ It sounded like you were singing that Lynyrd Skynyrd song. Or that Ozzy song? The one about coming home? You scared the shit out of me, Bhanna, singing with your eyes rolled back in your head. So I got the cops. I got an ambulance. I went to jail. They were talking about the video in jail. Demetria must have uploaded it right after it happened. She videos all the evictions in The Bottoms then posts the videos to citizen justice websites. Somebody in the jail had a contraband phone. We watched the video. They saw it was me. The dude with the phone texted his cousin. His cousin texted his cousin. That cousin texted a YouTuber. Bing, bang, boom! So do you want to come with me to Los Angeles?”
“Los Angeles?”
“This weekend. The doctor said you’ll be fine by then. Sort of.”
“Sort-of fine?”
“They’re flying me out,” crowed Jessie, his eyebrows arched again, signaling his own amazement. “Moving me out, actually, but they don’t know that. Ha! Ha! I’m booked on so many shows, babe, it’s ridiculous! Me and Sugar Milk. Oh, snap! Me and Sugar Milk! That could be the name of our show! Ha, ha, they’re already talking about giving us a show! He’s actually pretty funny. A good guy, Shuggie. Cool cat. You know, he takes night classes at our school. You’ll meet him. Get this — they’re going to pay us to redo the fight on a talk show. It’s all planned out. Kayfabe. I eat a plate of beans in the green room. Shuggie —”
“Pay you? Who’s going to pay you? And what fight? You call that a fight? Jessie, what the hell? Slow down, Jessie, slow down.”
“Ha! Ha! Wha-a-a-a-t? People are so stupid. I’m stupid. Money is stupid. Ha, ha, this is so nuts! This is so not how our elders said the world works, is it, ha, ha, were they wrong, those nine-to-five suckers, culture war chattel, those bullshit, ever-complaining, miserable fucks. Hey, step up to the Stilton, grandpa! Memaw, go butter your biscuit! Does any of that sound catchy? I’m going to need a new catchphrase, babe.”
“Indeed,” said Bhanna, feeling dizzy from the info dump. “This is a lot, Jessie. I mean… This is a lot.”
“No, this is not a lot,” Jessie insisted. “You want to know the definition of a lot? A lot is the money they’re paying me for my story. I already got a book deal, babe. A book deal. Because I told them why I left home. Originally. When I was twelve, I mean. Why I can’t go back. Why I had to leave home when I was, um…” He stuttered abruptly. “…you know.”
“Jessie, you didn’t!” cried Bhanna. “You didn’t! Did you? Are you all right with that? You’re usually not all right with that. With telling people about that. Jessie, no.”
“Done deal,” declared Jessie, though his eyes immediately looked downward, revealing insecurity. 
Came now a pause wherein the pure hearts both pictured the traumatic acts in Jessie’s past, the incestuous and violent acts done upon him by his birth family and subsequent foster families. This was what he’d disclosed to her in a confidence now shared with others. Who were those others, Bhanna wondered, suddenly protective, suddenly angry and hoping that none of what he was saying to her was true. This was too much to process. This was too much to in-take.
She needed a drink.  
Jessie perked himself up, smiled rather weakly, and said, “Not really all right with strangers crying on the phone, but hey. That’s the definition of a lot, right? T.M.I. wins you a book deal, Bee. Hey, I ain’t mad at it!”
He’d turned it on again, Bhanna mused through her confusion. How the heck can this fool keep turning it on? His unpaid entertainment future, she reconsidered. Was it now being paid? Could he earn? His talent for slapstick and pratfalls had been there all along?
“I ain’t mad at it!” Jessie repeated, grinning. “That’s Sugar Milk’s catchphrase. I ain’t mad at it! You know, he and Demetria used to date. They’ll probably get their own spin-off show. Shuggie and Dee, with special guest appearances by Jessie, The Washed-Up, So, Wow, That White Boy Blew His Money That Fast Kid.”
“A book deal,” clucked Bhanna. “You hate to read, Jessie, much less write. I think you should go get the doctor now. A viral video. A reality show. Agents. Sugar Milk. A frigging book deal. Do you think you’ll be able to see that through?”
“Bah,” scoffed Jessie, checking his phone. “Who couldn’t? I’d like to meet the chump who could fuck up a book deal. What do you do, suddenly forget how to write your own name? Didn’t Mr. Thomas fuck up a book deal? Didn’t Mr. Thomas fuck up two book deals? Ha! Ha! Choke!” 
His phone rang. Jessie muted it. 
“I’ll let the voicemail get that. I kind of hate this phone, actually. The calls and the texts are literally non-stop. Just think. All this time we’ve been too assed-out to participate in the internet and now we are the internet. What the…”
Jessie’s phone rang. Not certain how to work it, he turned it completely off and continued saying to Bhanna: “Ozzy, though, babe. We’ll get to see Ozzy. Rock ‘N’ Roll is right out that window and you know what? It feels good. It feels good, Bhanna. Black Sabbath, Tony Martin, ‘Feels Good to Me.’ Sweetie, doesn’t it feel good? I know you don’t trust post-Ozzy Sabbath, babe, but if you give Martin, Gillan, and Ronnie James just fifty-three more chances —”
“School, though, Jessie,” interrupted Bhanna, briefly pausing Jessie’s verbal diarrhea. Upset to hear herself in this role, embittered to hear her father in her own voice, she said, “Jessie, what about school? I still want to take that test.”
“You’re kidding.”
“Do I look like I’m kidding? No, I look like I’m covered in loser dust, Jessie. I’m an alcoholic. I’m a drunk here. An addict. I’m going to be an addict out there. I’m a fuck-up, Jessie. You know this. You don’t want this. You know you don’t want this.”
“She said to the guy she woke up to.”
“You also know how much California does not like you, Jessie. Do you really want to live in a tent city again? Do you really want to be homeless again? Oh, wait. We can do that here.”
Bhanna laughed. In spite of the growing irritation she was feeling at Jessie, she laughed, causing an ache in her stomach and in her chest. What had they done to her? She felt lethargic, fuzzy in the head, but good. Bhanna felt good. Jessie looked well and Bhanna felt good. Why shouldn’t she be laughing? Grace Jones was singing “La Vie en Rose” on a radio placed on the window sill, and Bhanna felt good.
“You can go to school out there,” Jessie insisted. “Look, Bhanna. Let’s do this. Can we do this? Let’s do this, please. Let’s improve. Let’s get better! See, I’ve been playing the game wrong. I thought about this while I was in jail. While I was in the jailhouse, lover, playing cards with the brothers. I thought to myself, hey, rocker, why do I keep playing just to play? I play just to play and then I lose and then I blame everybody else — you — I blame you and all the other players — yes, you’re a player — I blame like to blame is the game. What, Jessie? Jessie, what are you doing? Don’t play just to play. People say play play is over. Play play ain’t never over! So play to win. Play not to lose. Yeah, I get laughs when I lose, but just because I’ve been losing doesn’t mean that I’m a loser. There’s no such thing as a beautiful loser. If the power goes out —”
“— eat all the ice cream.”
“Fuck yeah, eat all the ice cream! Bhanna, we’re not losers. All we have to do in this life is not do what we don’t want to do more often than we have to do what we don’t want to do. Cause we have to do it. Sometimes. But now? I don’t want to be a loser. I want to work. How funny is that? I actually want to work at this. I want to work this new gig. I want to work on us, too. All we have to do is not do what we don’t want to do, not be who we don’t want to be. That’s it.”
“Is it?” scoffed Bhanna. “Oh, okay. I don’t want to be an addict. Problem solved.”
“Well,” sang Jessie, coyly. “It, um, kind of is, Bhanna. Your drinking and drugging problem. The doctor will tell you all about it. She’ll tell you all about that. That particular problem, Bhanna, has been solved. End of. Full stop. Oh, shit, babe, is your life about to change. Oooooo,” Jessie sang teasingly, like a little black kid on a 1980s sitcom, “Oooooo, Bhanna’s in trouuuuuuuuu-buuuuuuul…”
“Jessie!” Bhanna laughed. “Is that the kind of information you want to be teasing me about in a hospital — my health — I mean, what the fuck, dude! Am I dying? Is that what your reality show is about? Jessie and The Dead Girl? Jessie and His Dead Girlfriend? Or is it His Dead Girlfriend and Jessie?”
“Rick Springfield. I wish that I had Jessie’s Dead Girl,” Jessie sang, raising both of his hands, darting them out to the sides like a funky cartoon character. He then grinned and flashed her the devil’s horns sign, double sign of the horns with both hands and a wagging tongue and Heavy Metal guitar licks mouthed betwixt.
“How about this?” sighed Bhanna, smiling at his silliness. “You go. You go out to L.A. You do your thing. I’ll stay here. For now. I’ll see if they’ll let me come back. The school, I mean. Cause I want to take that math test, Jessie. It’s something that I want to do. I want to pass that math class. That fits your new philosophy, right? We’ll keep trying until we improve? We’ll keep trying until we get better? Progress, not perfection. I like that. I want to do that. I want to get that degree. I want to work at something, too. I want to work. I want to contribute. I want to carry my own weight. I just want to do it. I don’t even know why. I don’t even know how. I mean, I don’t even know how to not be a benefits cheat at this point. But I’ll finish. I’ll get a degree, I guess. I’ll get work. It’s all a scam anyway. Fucking conservatives misrepresent having a work ethic, the sick fucks. But I can use the broken system without it breaking me. One day at a time. And then I’ll go back. Not that I have to. But that’s when you should go back. When you don’t have to.”
“Back?” asked Jessie, a bit lost before he understood what she meant by the emphasis. “Oh. Back. Hmm... Wow.”
“Jessie, I need to do it. Took a while for it to bubble up from under the booze, huh, but you heard it. And I was singing it? Wow. Wow, oh, wow. But I need to go see them, Jessie. I thought that was them in here praying for me. That was you. But it was them. My family. My brothers. My sister. My mother. My father. My problematic, hateful father. He was right about so much, but he was not right about his hate. I will never let him be right about his hate, even when I feel his hate burning inside me. My hate. And it does burn inside me, Jessie. You know? Hate burns a hell inside me. I think I hate myself.”
Jessie didn’t respond. For what seemed like an hour, Jessie didn’t respond and Bhanna didn’t know what else to say. No laughter. No talking. She’d said too much. She’d revealed too much. Throat burning afire and she’d confessed too much. Damn it, she woke up dead just to come back and fuck her life up all over again. 
Jessie sat back in his chair and stared out the window. He stared out the hospital window as if Rock ‘N’ Roll truly was out there and he was missing out. So this is what the end of their relationship felt like, thought Bhanna, the end of their pure hearts partnership, the end of the tour. An end in silence. Her eyes teared fully and she felt herself trembling. She cried.
“Bus trip back home?” mumbled Jessie, still gazing out the window. “Nah. My girl, she’s rolling up into that holler like a boss. Dolly Parton-style! You’ll take Demetria’s old car. I already bought it. Yeah. ‘Handbags and Gladrags.’ Yeah, a Glad bag taped over that missing car window, babe, not a generic trash bag. Nothing but the best for my girl! Can I park your car, madam?”
“Wait. Jessie, you didn’t buy that old hooptie. What? Why? Jes-sie…”
Grinning, Jessie rose from his chair and stepped nearer to her hospital bed. He took off his black leather jacket, walked it over and placed it on the coat rack next to her black leather jacket. He then sat on the edge of her bed, leaning his face close to Bhanna’s, staring deeply into her eyes as he whispered, “Progress, not perfection. It’s not your problems that scare me, it’s your solution.” 
She trembled so badly now that her shaking body sped the tear drops falling. 
At first, just he and then gradually together, they pledged:
“Pure hearts deserve love. Pure hearts require love. Pure hearts are love.”
Jessie kissed Bhanna.
He then — with love immortal, with sincerity eternal, with passion never ever ending — Jessie then whispered to his Bhanna, “Girl, you got that coma breath.”
She laughed.
They laughed.
They talked.
Years later, when the participants finally arrived at point C — when the lives of the wandering pure hearts had weathered more failures and fortunes and failures — she grew accustomed to hearing her true name said quite gently.
Got Me Out Here Fighting Them Astral Bastards
In the not-too-distant future, the aggression of the extraterrestrials has entered a new phase. Combat between the planets at a stalemate, the alien invaders increase their strategy of psychological warfare. Among Earth’s defenders stands a coalition culled from the urban population that had survived the alien virus, a band of ragtag rebels known as B27. Led by the courageous Captain Rick Owens, the heroes counter this new attack as best they can.

"Your momma so fat," sniped Captain Owens. "When Neil Armstrong landed on your momma, he said, ‘One small step for man. One giant receipt for Intergalactic House of Pancakes!’"
“He who loses!” chanted the aliens. “Gets the bruises!”
"Your momma so poor," shot Kla’taan. "Ducks throw bread at her!”
“He who dives!” chanted the aliens. “Faces The Hive!”
“Kla’taan, you No-Nut Cheerios eatin’ son of a bitch. Your momma so ugly," shot Captain Owens. “But that’s just according to standards of beauty within a certain culture, now that I think about it.”
“He who…” chanted the aliens. “Wait, what?”
“Do we know what they find attractive on Mars these days?” asked Captain Owens, in earnest. “Can we not honor their subjectivity? What even is ugly?”
No response from the audience. Everyone stared at the human. Panicked, Captain Owens attempted a comeback: “Wait! Umm… The last time I was on Mars, bread threw ducks at her!”
“He who dives, faces The Hive! He who dives, faces The Hive!”
“You alien muthas!” yelled Captain Owens, as the aliens put him in handcuffs. 
*
The invaders escorted Captain Owens to their flying vehicle. Retrofitted, the air cruiser was a 1978 AMC Pacer modified with extraterrestrial technology that granted it flight. To ensure his compliance, the good captain had only needed to be shown the death ray that Kla’taan carried. He required no warning shot. Unlike the rest of his unit, Captain Owens had a healthy fear of alien blasters. He was one of the few humans who had survived a kill shot from a death ray. 
Kla’taan opened a back seat door and Captain Owens was thrown in. Another human, Douglas The Dastardly, known to earthlings as The Great Traitor of Sector Seven, slid in after him. The pilot of the space hooptie jogged around to the other side of the vehicle, another alien entered the passenger side, and their flight to face The Hive commenced.
As the hooptie sped floating, Captain Owens assessed his situation. B27 didn’t know where he was. He had been separated from First Lieutenant Lovejoy, Soldier F, and the rest of his unit after a foot chase through the streets of Sector Seven. Evidently, the Kgummians had been tipped off to the location of an ancient artifact especially sought after, a working boom box radio from the 1980s. Hip Hop heads had known of the whereabouts of the treasured music device for decades, had maintained the secret of its Bottoms location after the invasion and subsequent occupation of their sector. But then The Great Traitor had struck. Douglas The Dastardly had snitched on his people like a snitch who had been sent back through time to prevent Snitchfest, but failed.  
"Oops," giggled Douglas, digging for something in his blaster vest. He pulled out a long black strip of cloth, told Captain Owens to sit still, and then he proceeded to blindfold him with it.
"It's bad," reported Kla’taan, seated to the captain’s left, his amiable voice granting no comfort. "There is no leverage in me lying, Owens. It's bad. But we aren’t taking you to get vaporized."
Douglas started laughing.
"The Hive is putting on a show for the leadership," sighed Kla’taan. "A demonstration, as it were. Really and truly, this isn't about you."
Douglas laughed louder. He slapped his knees.
"This operation in Sector Seven is a shit show," admitted Kla’taan. "We had the boom box. Then we lost it. Fools that we are, we then vaporized three whole blocks, killed countless humans, and we still can’t locate the relic. The Hive said The Bottoms wouldn’t fight back. He was wrong.”
“Evidently,” shot Captain Owens. “Oppressors devalue our potential yet covet our culture. Think you can fake the funk, you microwaved-grits-cooking, too-frequently-flipped-pancakes-serving, un-Lucky Charms eatin’ astral bastards!” 
Kla’taan, taken aback by the captain’s sudden rage, calmly continued: “Leadership has been pressuring The Hive since he landed in this sector. The battle could have gone either way, yes? If not for our friend Douglas here, we would not have obtained the intel that gave us the victory. But now The Hive needs a new show of strength. You’re his dumbbell, Owens. You’re just another lift, I’m afraid.”
Ostensibly, the point of the blindfold was in preparation for the captain’s execution. The point of Douglas’ blaster, Captain Owens felt poking him in his right hip every time the vehicle turned.
"I am not going to pretend that I am not scared," Captain Owens confessed, speaking to everyone in the flying car. "I am very frightened right now. Very frightened."
"Very frightened!" repeated Douglas, guffawing. "Very frightened!"
"But my fear has little to do with this weak strategy," Captain Owens asserted, speaking louder with each word. "This terrible, weak strategy. Rather my fear has much to do with THE BLASTER ABOUT TO ACCIDENTALLY DISCHARGE IN THIS BRAYING IDIOT’S PANTS!"
"Hee haw!" brayed Douglas. "Hee haw!"
The blaster went off. The flying hooptie immediately swerved to the left, into what Captain Owens assumed was oncoming traffic. The cannon pop bang of the discharge rendered him deaf. Smoke smell. A bad vibration. The driver righted the vehicle just before they collided, according to the suddenly audible screams. The ringing in Captain Owens’ ears subsided and he heard:
"Ouchy!"
"Douglas!"
"Earth idiot!"
"Pull over!"
What the captain had falsely identified as the muzzle of Douglas' blaster poking his right hip had, in actuality, been something entirely different, perhaps a marijuana pipe in Douglas’ left pants pocket. When Douglas' actual blaster fired, the bang preceded no pain that Captain Owens could feel. Confusion, shouting, a thruster reversal of the flying car. The blaster had been on Douglas' right hip, muzzle pointing outward toward the door, as evidenced by the hole Captain Owens heard them shouting about.
“What did I tell you, Douglas!” roared the pilot. “You born-startled nitwit! Did your Earth mother drop you on your Earth head when you were an Earth baby?”
“There is no need to bring anyone’s mother into this,” opined the alien up front in the passenger seat. “Why do we always have to talk poorly about the mothers? It’s hurtful.”
They pulled off to the side of the air corridor and landed. So much yelling occurred, Captain Owens lost track of who said what in the din. Once the tumult had peaked, his death flight continued. Still shouting at each other heatedly, and at Douglas specifically, the calamitous villains collected themselves and resumed their mission.
“Never anything bad to say about a nephew or a pet,” continued the alien up front in the passenger seat. “And we completely forgo criticism of the fathers. On Kgum, my mother supplies me with good cereal. That is what she does.” 
Minutes of silence amongst all in the flying car. The passenger seat alien then abruptly turned his head around to face Captain Owens and clarified: “The cereal. You know it as Chex.”
*
Now back in the airborne hooptie, instead of laughing like an idiot, Douglas whimpered like a kicked dog. Captain Owens told him so. He also told him that he was mediocre sperm that deserved serious scientific consideration of being re-squirted back into his father's penis. Someone other than Douglas had been put in charge of the death ray. Or so Captain Owens heard. He was still blindfolded.
"I done pee-peed," sniveled Douglas, stating the obvious according to the captain’s heightened sense of smell. "It's getting in where that blast done burnt up my leg. It stings. Ain't pee-pee poison?"
"I will slap you repeatedly," Captain Owens said to Douglas. "It won't be now. It won't be when we get out of this cruiser. It won't be ten years or twenty years later. I will slap you repeatedly, Douglas, when we are both in our dotage and you will have long forgotten the reason why you are being repeatedly slapped."
"Justified," seconded Kla’taan.
"Pee-pee be poison!" cried Douglas, and Captain Owens imagined his eyes cartoonish and enlarged. "I know pee-pee be!"
The flying car neared its destination. How did Captain Owens ascertain this while unable to see? He heard The Hive’s voice before the vehicle even landed. Amplified it was, his voice.
The hooptie descended. The aliens exited it and proceeded with their mission. Sliding across what Captain Owens assumed to be Douglas' blood and urine, he was yanked from the back seat. 
"We stay here," ordered the pilot. 
They now stood outside of the vehicle, Captain Owens’ back to the grounded Pacer, his hands cuffed behind his waist, his body pressed between the bodies of the two aliens who had ridden up front. He heard the bouncing of basketballs. 
“Throwback aliens,” sighed Captain Owens. “Set phasers to douche.”
"I need to do something about this leg," moaned Douglas. "For real, though. The blaster wound. It burns."
"We stay here," repeated the pilot.
"I shall seek aid," offered Kla’taan. 
"We stay here!" shouted the pilot, with an emphasis that telegraphed a concern about Kla’taan, his tone much more authoritative than the one he had used with Douglas.
"Conceded," said Kla’taan. "Here we stay."
So here they stayed indeed, albeit temporarily. Judging by the sound of The Hive’s amplified voice, a kangaroo court was taking place. Judging by the sound of the blood-thirsty mob, the trial of Captain Owens had already begun! 
*
Curiously came the wall of sound: basketballs numbered in the hundreds, ascertained by the dribbling, like simultaneous nationwide Olympic team tryouts all on one court, all reverberating, all smacking what Captain Owens imagined to be an asphalt surface. Among this dribbling could be heard the voices of countless aliens, surely the players. Above their voices could be heard the ongoing speech of the alien commander known as The Hive. Captain Owens pictured the lips of the invader a bit too close to a microphone, his words electronically enhanced, the speaker system a bit too loudly amped, set atop a table he imagined (having no choice but to imagine), centered on the populated court. 
By all accounts, Captain Owens had been brought to the site of his execution taking place on a basketball court in The Bottoms. 
"The horrors!" proclaimed The Hive, booming with fervor. "We have all lost loved ones to the horrors of this war! A war that can end, end now if they would just give up! If only the humans would accept their defeat, surrender and dive!"
“They who dive!” chanted the aliens. “Face The Hive!”
"This leg," groaned Douglas. "Come on, dude! Owens ain't gonna run nowhere! Blindfolded? Shit, he looks bored! He don't look scared! This some bullshit!"
"Punishing an ally is not to our advantage," observed Kla’taan, evenly. "You two are being dim for no good reason. I shall seek aid."
"Make me tell you again," spat the Pacer pilot. "Shut up, Kla’taan!" 
Captain Owens made a run for it. A punch to his stomach landed so hard that he thought he was still running, even after the kicks that rolled him back and forth on the ground assured him that he was not. Blood squirted from his face. He felt it spurt from his left cheek sliced open by the edge of an oyster shell.
"Showtime, human," sneered the pilot, yanking him up from the ground. "Time to play your role, little lamb."
Suddenly Captain Owens was kicked, punched, and shoved into movement. His bound and blinded body was dragged away from the cruiser to what he assumed was the basketball court. Voices of the chanting horde that had previously been far away now grew louder from directions all around.
"Face The Hive!" chanted the aliens. “Face The Hive!” they roared.
The invaders had him on the basketball court now. He could tell by the lack of gravel crunch, the new sound of boots clomping on an asphalt surface. Captain Owens was backed against a metallic shaft, the pole of a basketball goal. Quickly lashed then he found himself, bound snug to the pole by a chain.
“Steady your will,” came the voice of Kla’taan, telepathically beamed into the captain’s mind. “And whatever you do, Owens, don’t you —”
The first basketball hit him in the genitals. Before it bounced off the court, he felt the wind of the second ball, which failed to impact. Rapidly came the third and the fourth and the fifth. Faster came the sixth and seventh and eighth. From a distance, within half court at least, a procession launched a succession of basketballs that had been modified with space technology to protrude adamantium razors, flying death spheres targeting the entirety of Captain Owens’ front-facing body. He stood before an extraterrestrial firing squad, a dead man erect.
Came the twentieth ball and the next. And then the next.
A basketball slammed into his forehead. Another basketball hit him straight in his right eye, punching the back of his head against the metal pole. When his head rebounded from the strike, his left eye caught the next ball and spewed blood, wetting red the next and the next and the next. Somebody yelled "Dunk on him!" and that was when he started to scream. Somebody yelled "Triple-double!" and that was when he began to collapse. A basketball slammed into his left ear. Its razors removed it. Granted a crown of downward streaming blood — hot and slippery and gushing as if from a disemboweled sheep — Captain Owens received a kick to his testicles, the basketball whipping accented by a volley of space boots and fists.
"Yuh! Yuh! Yuh!" barked the ring of circling aliens. "Yuh! Yuh! Yuh!" barked the pack of space hyenas ripping, laughingly, at the captain’s freshly opened meat. No angels of salvation dared swoop here. 
And yet occurred a lull, a stay of the flung blades? 
Overhead Captain Owens heard something hover. A machine of some sort? A surveillance drone? It buzzed. What horrors did it witness below? Fifty fired basketballs? Fifty lashes at the stake? 
The next object that crashed into his face had not a roundness but a point.
"Roll Tide!" exclaimed The Hive to the cheers and applause, the screams and the adoration of his extraterrestrial audience. "Roll Tide!"
The razor-augmented football then achieved what the endless volley of basketballs could not. It sliced off Captain Owens’ nose.
The one throw.
The one, perfectly precise, sniping throw:
KILL SHOT!
The audience shrieked as the football disfigured Captain Owens. Blood skeeted from his head holes onto the ground. Before he had a chance to stop wailing in pain, The Hive was suddenly in front of him, according to his hot breath, the stormy air of the beast. Then he was behind.
“I don’t know which hand you shoot with,” sneered The Hive. “Coin toss!”
Came the sound of metal hitting asphalt, the clink of a flipped coin declaring its decision. The alien had flipped a coin to determine which one of Captain Owens’ hands to break.
“Vengeance is mine sayeth The Hive!”
“Wait! Wait! Wait!” Captain Owens pleaded. “Wait! Wait! Wait!” he negotiated. “No, stop! Stop! Wait, stop, you don’t have to —”
The Hive yanked Captain Owens’ right hand from its binding, firmly gripping it at the wrist. As the human screamed, the alien methodically snapped open the bones of his fingers, breaking one finger, two fingers, three fingers, four fingers, and then — forcing the thumb over backward until its nail scraped his wrist — he delivered the final, bone-splitting pop of the fifth white stick.
“Before you pass out,” sneered The Hive, yanking on the broken finger tips. “What you’re feeling is the food credits being tied to your stumps — five hundred food credits per finger, Owens. Let the games begin!”
The resurgent furor of the crowd heralded to the court the arrival of the players. Humans, brutalized and hunted to the point of starvation, were herded onto the court to battle for food credits.
“I hear they’re serving rat soup in the wards,” chuckled The Hive. “Pairs well with the discount spreadable cheese, I imagine. Bahahaha-ha!”
*
Barely, at first, Captain Owens heard the advent of an imperious voice. He heard it, but he didn't know it. He knew it, but he couldn't quite hear it. The closer it came, the louder it grew. That voice. His voice. 
Here?
"The board of directors cannot afford to turn down my offer," declared the steadily approaching voice of Victor Newman, the character from the Earth CBS soap opera, The Young and The Restless. Captain Owens was not sure if this was verbatim dialog from the show’s archives or if he was experiencing an auditory hallucination. “Momma and Them’s Stories” was a celebrated exhibit in African American history and culture museums throughout the sectors. Thusly the audio continued: 
"It is now in the hands of the investors. Katherine knew about it all along. And Jill will damn well accept it. This one you lose, Jack Abbot. For you are now in the employ of Newman Enterprises!"
The words Kla’taan had said to him, his top-secret ally’s last words before their telepathic link had been abruptly snapped, the words came now to Captain Owens like the promise of the Holy Grail finally presented corporeal to Arthur the King:
Doo doo.
"Whatever you do, Owens, don't you doo doo."
And so boomed from the approaching 1980s boom box radio Nadia’s Theme, the theme music to the CBS television soap opera The Young and The Restless. 
Let it be known that hither came heroes. 
Ca-caw! Ca-caw!
Battalion 27.
Defenders of The Bottoms!
*
Further torture Captain Owens would have to endure before his rescue. He would later have visual confirmation that it was indeed The Hive who had thrown the razor-equipped football that had severed his nose, that it had indeed been the alien commander who had broken the fingers of his masturbation hand. That had been the kill shot, the coup de grace before the interrupting arrival of his troops. His troops and their audio recording of a daytime soap opera? 
"What in the two trillion galaxies!" yelled The Hive, barely audible above the portable stereo. “Explain your actions, human!” 
Came a click. Nadia’s Theme stopped playing. 
"My actions are to be explained?" countered First Lieutenant Lovejoy. "Casual observation says 'what in the two trillion galaxies?' is the question for you, Hive. Torturing with sports relics. Invocation of Thunderdome. How many museum guards were vaporized for those jerseys you boys are wearing? Kangol bucket hats. Gold dookie-rope chains. Daisy Dukes? Blecch! You throwback aliens make me sick!"
"Just going to stand there, huh?" shouted The Hive to his minions. "Forget the fact you let him just walk up to me like this! Is no one going to attack this human?"
A bounced basketball answered his question. Laughter commenced.
“Just walk away,” growled The Hive to First Lieutenant Lovejoy. “The boom box. The stereo. The relic. Leave it. Just walk away. Play play is over.”
“Nah,” replied First Lieutenant Lovejoy. “Play play ain’t never over!”
Captain Owens was in so much unfathomable pain that he floated outside of his body yet was at once present in his butchered meat. Sweat trickled down into the split-open caverns of his broken hand, blood gushed from the holes blasted in his face. He lost consciousness, buckled, and the gold dookie-rope chains that bound his torso to the basketball goal sawed into his flesh. This pain roused him back to the present. Voices carried. He stepped on his left ear. The captain rallied himself and realized that First Lieutenant Lovejoy was still holding court. Yet came no rescue?
“And those Chucks,” observed the first lieutenant. “Big ass alien feet just flat out wrecking them bad boys, ain’t they?” 
"First Lieutenant Lovejoy," called Captain Owens, collapsed against the pole. "Not to criticize your strategy. But." He vomited blood. “I do have to assess. Your strategy."
"Justified," conceded Lovejoy. "No doubt, Captain, no doubt. Yes, I am about to pull The Hive’s second heart up through his throat and scratch it like a Kurtis Blow record on a turntable. Yes, that is about to happen. However, I begrudgingly agree that the assemblage out here on this sunny Saturday morning deserves an explanation as to why I'm playing an audio recording of The Young and The Restless as my battle song."
"My hand," Captain Owens cried, trembling. "My nose. I’m in. So much. Disfigured. Pain."
"Indubitably," observed First Lieutenant Lovejoy, as the captain commenced passing mucus from his penis. "But I feel somewhat vulgar in my lack of clarification. I feel remiss."
"Meanwhile, my army is just standing there!" shouted The Hive to his soldiers. "This isn't part of the demonstration! This isn't part of my great and glorious — "
"Oh, shut up, Malvin!" yelled an alien observer from the stands. "Ever since you got promoted, it’s been ‘great and glorious’ this and ‘great and glorious’ that! What a windbag!”
Fell quiet the audience surrounding the outdoor court that served as their arena.
“So a battle royale is about to take place,” continued the miffed observer. “That we know, Malvin! The human you just tortured with sporting relics needs medical attention. That we know, Malvin! But what we do not know, Malvin Jenkins from The Mucks, is why in the two trillion galaxies — in the midst of this unreasonably violent, highly intergalactically illegal firing squad we all just witnessed — what we do not know, Malvin Jenkins from The Mucks, is why a scene from The Young and The Restless — a coffee shop scene, mind you, we clearly heard playing on that human’s musical relic! I swear to God Two, if someone does not explain this to me, I am going to pull out this death ray and vaporize every non-explaining asshole up in this stankin’ ass, no-climate having, junkyard of a planet! First Lieutenant Lovejoy!"
"Yes, invader?"
"Explain your inexplicable shit!"
"Mixtape mix-up," clarified Lovejoy before a click renewed the cassette-taped soap opera. "This is supposed to be Run-DMC." Another click stopped it. "That was to be my battle song. A Rap recording by Run-DMC or Public Enemy or Beastie Boys. LL Cool J, perhaps? Boogie Down Productions? One of the old-school tapes found in a cassette suitcase along with this ancient music device we recovered. Evidently, I grabbed the wrong tape.”
All awaited the reply of the offended alien who had threatened to vaporize the scene. Was he satisfied with the explanation? No death ray fired, so continued First Lieutenant Lovejoy: “Back to The Clarence Update! Now, I think I'm allowed two observations at this point. One. How did our ancestors tag this analog? Felt-tip markers? Words won’t fit on the cassette label with markers. Pens? The ink smears. Hmm… A mystery to me. Two. A boom box is the poor man's DVR. Three. Don't say I didn't warn you to duck, Hive."
"Three?" laughed The Hive. "Three? You said two observations! You can't even count! A demonstration of great and glorious Kgummian dominance followed by this minstrel show of typical Bottoms buffoonery!"
“Careful there, Hive,” warned First Lieutenant Lovejoy. “Lest I bring your mother into this.”
"Ha! Ha!" laughed an alien spectator. "Lovejoy’s momma so fat, she ate the DVR! That hungry bitch thought it stood for Donut Vicinity Recorder!"
"Did she?" countered Lovejoy. "Fiend, that strikes me as a highly unlikely scenario."
"Fool!" came the courtside commentary. "A highly unlikely scenario is you strolling into the middle of a firing squad playing dialog from The Young and The Restless!"
The crowd erupted into laughter.
"Perhaps the ancestor’s video recorder malfunctioned," offered Lovejoy, defensively. "Is the ingenuity of the poor such a corruption? Their survival tactics such a taboo? This device predates the general public’s adoption of digital video recorders. We now know that our ancestors, in fact, sometimes relied upon audio cassettes to record their favorite programs when away from the television. If the VCR wasn’t working and you had to leave the house, why not set the boom box near the television speaker and press record? At least capture the audio. Makes sense, does it not? This cassette tape is forty-five minutes per side, a tremendous technological feat back in the day, enough for the entirety of a Young and The Restless transmission if situated with a double-deck boom box radio.”
“Sony?” guessed The Hive, intrigued by the cassette tape specifications.
“Maximum capacity dry cell,” clarified Lovejoy. “You know it as Maxell."
"First Lieutenant Lovejoy," pleaded Captain Owens. "Backstory. Not needed. Just fight."
"If we must," conceded Lovejoy. "But there's a lesson to be learned here. It's all about the rising action. Momma, grandmomma, your cousins, aunt sister and them couldn’t wait for the Friday episode climax of Victor Newman securing enough votes to assume control of Jabot. But how do we get there? Thursday. That Thursday episode, Hive. Two minutes before The WTVY Channel Four, Dothan, Alabama, Noon Farm Report, followed by The Bold and The Beautiful. It is noted in the archives that the coffee shop scenes, of which I am an apologist —"
"Lovejoy!"
“— at any scenes at the coffee shop or especially when someone is driving a car in a soap opera, I confess a tingle. See, whenever they show people who shouldn’t be together driving in a soap opera or a Lifetime movie or that episode of The Sopranos, Hive, that’s a guaranteed wreck, a sure complication, weeks, at least, of a main character in a coma, if not two main characters in a coma. Who cut Victor’s brakes? Was it Jack? Who gave Bhanna the alcohol? Vitta? Duck, Hive.” 
“Hmm? What’s this now?”
Came a thunderous sound of crashing. Captain Owens, still blindfolded, imagined the boom box slamming into The Hive’s alien skull. He would later confirm this event via drone surveillance footage that showed First Lieutenant Lovejoy had indeed leapt into the air with a running jump and then hoisted the ancient musical device, the boom box, high above The Hive’s head, swinging it down with astonishing force as he roared, “Coffee shop climax!”
A rebel fighter ran up to Captain Owens, healing his face with a medical scanner. A new nose appeared, a new left ear appeared, two assholes, a third penis and a fourth vagina, followed by healing of the captain’s fatal wounds.
First Lieutenant Lovejoy bellowed, "Soldier F, to your left!" and then Captain Owens saw Soldier F throw a punch to his left. From behind him, another member of B27 had removed his blindfold and was unchaining him from the goal post. Now blinking through sunlight, sweat and blood, a vision of brawling on an epic scale unfolded before the captain’s weary eyes! As imagined, he had stood lashed to the pole of a basketball goal. Between this one and its metallic twin across the court raged a free-for-all between numerous factions, including the aliens, B27, and the human mercenaries seeking the food credits attached to his broken hand. Came a grand clash, the fantastical scenes of combat — battle royale, battle royale!
"Mount up, cap!" shouted First Lieutenant Lovejoy, tossing the captain a blaster.
Owens steadied himself, gripping his blaster in his good hand as he prepared to enter the fray. 
But just when he was about to shoot off the food credits The Hive had attached to his fingers, a softball came rolling onto the court toward him. Softly it stopped against the tip of the captain’s right boot, its seams jutting a radius of bloody spikes.
“Don’t go limp on me now,” snarled Rocket Rivera, leader of the band of particularly cutthroat credit hunters known as The Ladyjacks. “Orgies are difficult to come by these days, Owens. ESPECIALLY AFTER WE GAVE EACH OTHER STD AT THE LAST ONE!”
“But you Ladyjacks are on our side, right?” Captain Owens mugged, smiling impishly. “No batter, no batter, no batter?”
“Get hard and stay hard, you un-funny prick!”
*
Laser bats, softball bats enhanced with extraterrestrial technology, swung into action on the court like blades aswirl on a swamp-boat fan. Soldier F, his acrobatic flips in defiance of gravity, swatted away The Ladyjacks’ projectiles with spinning kicks. “Bottoms scum!” spat an alien to First Lieutenant Lovejoy. He then punched Lovejoy in the back. The alien was swiftly rewarded with a volley of boom box D-cell batteries fired from Lovejoy’s blaster cannon. It had taken twenty D-cell batteries to power that thing. Nothing remained of the alien but a big toe. 
"Not so fast," warned Kla’taan. 
Turning to his right, Captain Owens witnessed Kla’taan in the middle of the court, confronting the pilot of the flying hooptie.
“I knew you were a collaborator!” shot the pilot, assuming a fighting stance. “I heard you beat-boxing The Fat Boys in the barracks! I saw you and your clone dancing like Kid ‘N Play in the mess hall! You’ve gone native, Kla’taan! Let’s do this!”
A watcher in the bleachers called for the attention of the other spectators. Word spread like a lightening chain. The audience focused on the scene. Of the tournament of clashes on the basketball court, this became the showstopper. 
Kla’taan, bouncing on his heels, circling his fists, taunted: “Throwback rules! No weapons! I invoke fists of fury!” 
Combatants paused. All on the court and in the stands stilled themselves in anticipation. 
A crow cawed. 
A dog barked.
“Push it!” declared Kla’taan, striking a mysterious stance.
“Kung Fu?” guessed the pilot, befuddled.
“Peppa and Salt!”
The pilot, flummoxed by the distraction of having to mentally rearrange the names of the Rap duo, received blow after blow after blow — jaw, throat, stomach — and then a swift, immobilizing strike wherein Kla’taan jump-kicked his opponent in the chest, knocking him backward to the ground. The pilot landed on a grenade and exploded.
“And now,” began Captain Owens, recovering from an alien punch. “And now, Hive, you’re going to pay for saying that The Bottoms was too scared to fight back. To question our resilience, the folly of many. To question our potential — masochistic intent!”
“Oh, what are you going to do?” scoffed The Hive. “Criticize my breakfast options?”
Laughed immediately the combatants, regardless of affiliation. The spectators were laughing so hard, one of them ran down from the bleachers and onto the center of the basketball court as if it were a black comedy club. A Kgummian child, barely one inch tall, she started dancing The Cake Pop, so amused by the signifying was she. 
“They who dive, face The Hive! They who dive, face The Hive!”
“You got me,” conceded Captain Owens to The Hive, admitting yo momma joke defeat. “I did get stuck on that particular theme of insults. The breakfast meals and whatnot.”
“Cereal jokes,” chided The Hive. “Put-downs about my mother’s butter portions. Belittlement of her syrup viscosity. The Dozens is The Dozens. It’s psychological warfare, tried and true across the two trillion galaxies. But you shot past being funny, Owens, you sailed straight through to abnormality. You, in fact, called the emperor of Kgum an ‘Unbuttered biscuit eating Urkel.’ What’s next, Owens? Making fun of my mother for serving space pudding?”
“Space pudding is not for every palate,” rebuked Captain Owens, earnestly. “I hear tell of its probiotic benefits, but it’s not exactly a staple food in my sector. Speaking of nutrition,” he continued, winding up his power arm in a wind-milling motion, “Care for a knuckle sandwich, Hive? It’s the true breakfast of champions.”
“Hmm? What’s this now?”
Signifying like Saint Rudy Ray Moore’s Dolemite: “Strap on your feed b-a-a-a-a-a-a-g!” boomed Captain Owens. “YOU SPACE PUDDING EATIN’ ASTRAL BASTARD!”
Ka-plow-a-wow!
The punch severed The Hive from his head. 
Aloft and arced his head sailed, swishing straight down through a basketball goal, nothing but net.
“Jordan!” rallied the humans and the aliens united. 
Commenced then a dance party wherein the spectators, terrestrial and extraterrestrial, danced down from the bleachers and formed a conga line on the basketball court, riding the train as directed by the abruptly blasting music of the Quad City DJ’s song, “C’mon and Ride It (The Train).” 
Descended then kaiju. 
Landed then mechas. 
Then?
Then danced they did, The Ed Lover Dance.
Choo choo!
*
Bellowed Douglas The Dastardly, “Booya!” 
The villain punched a Ladyjack, sending her spiraling across the court like a javelin. Meanwhile, Rocket Rivera had been batting her way through legions of attackers. She had come closest to penetrating the firewall protecting Captain Owens, nearest to snatching the food credits still attached to his hand. 
But when she saw the Ladyjack that Douglas had devastated — saw one of her soldiers downed and crying — Rocket Rivera halted her ascent to the bounty and signaled to her fellow mercenaries, “Ladyjack Formation: SISTERHOOD SWARM!” 
This is when Captain Owens knew for certain that pain had wrought fever-dream delirium, that his punished brain could no longer perceive the bounds of reality. 
To their leader’s call rallied a swarm of Ladyjacks running in from both on and off the battle court, from sectors within and outside of The Bottoms. The females swarmed Douglas The Dastardly, amassing on the villain, a hurled human lady bomb punching and pummeling and piling atop The Great Traitor. Like a tower, he leaned, snapped, fell.
“Your momma so broke,” wheezed Douglas, as he succumbed to the all-woman gangbang. “She bought a Big Mac on a payment plan.”
“Die, fool!” ordered Rocket Rivera, punching. “Stupido, I order you to die!”
“Oh, I’ll do the ordering,” snapped Douglas in defiance. “Since your broke-ass momma can’t afford it. Two all-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese. Pi-pi-pi-pickles.” 
The last words of the villain hissed before his death rattle: 
“Onions!” spat Douglas The Dastardly. “On a sesame seed bun!” 


About The Author
James Ellis Thomas debuted in The New Yorker magazine with a short story, "The Saturday Morning Car Wash Club." His second publication, "Triumph of The Southside Ladyjacks" also appeared in The New Yorker. He was born in Dothan, Alabama, earned a bachelor’s degree in English from The University of Alabama and a Master of Fine Arts degree in creative writing from The University of Notre Dame.

Contact: ruralroutepublishing@gmail.com
