		                                                The Hidden Secret
By Reja Syed Emran
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2010 Reja Syed Emran

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

CONTENTS

~Prologue~
The Beginning of Times

                                           ~Chapter 1~	
A Creature of the Night

~Chapter 2~
Close bonds Shattered

~Chapter 3~
An Ancient Myth

~Chapter 4~
The Trusted Eagle

~Chapter 5~
An Unwelcome Party

~Chapter 6~
The Annoxonum Revealed

~Chapter 7~
Preparation

~Chapter 8~
Julian’s Secret

~Chapter 9~
A Dangerous Quest

~Chapter 10~
The Dragon’s Lair



Good and Evil are two distinct things,
But in this cursed darkness will they be mistaken,
Can we misunderstand each move and fall into evil links,
Time can only reveal the facts forsaken,
But all will strive to achieve and amend,
For this is the beginning of an end,
The sands of fate have yet to determine the world's destiny,
Or will the future be in obscurity?









PROLOGUE

~The Beginning of Times~


A mystical power glowed from the altar dazzling the countless warriors and blinding a few who were locked in a deadly embrace on opposite sides with swords clashing against spears and shields while cries surrounded the arena like a mist filled with agony and victory. The battle was purged in urgency as the intensity of power increased rapidly and warriors fled cowardly from the battle field while a few determined remained; locked together in a war which would not quell until all had been vanquished.
The power crept stealthily through the rotting grass in long slithering patterns branching through the leaf and dust. It encircled the field all centered to the swarm of the remaining army who ignored the strength emanated by this red serpentine light that slid amongst the earth as it belonged there. An explosion followed eradicating the battalion except for one man, who was untouched by the power but yet it was a curse for him for he was doomed to wait.
Decades passed and this man lived. Deformity clutched on to his features due to which he took refuge in a dark, dripping cave with a few companions. As time went by, he was deserted first by his beloved wife and then by his daughter who traveled too far for his reach.  For years this old man waited for someone to come, the one person who would be known as the Annoxonum. This was the one who would be the chosen to stand in the last battle against the webs of destiny and the sands of time, the person who would hold the fate of the world in their hand. A new year brought new faces but the Annoxonum was not clearly shown in his visions which slightly dampened his hopes. However he waited in the gloomy, heavy darkness of the cave and kept his spirits high for the prophecy would soon be fulfilled and the chosen one shall rise again to contain the evil. All that was needed was time…



Chapter One

~A Creature of the Night~



A gleaming streak of light shone through the slit in the cream-coloured curtain, indicating the rise of the sun. It illuminated the room that had white washed walls and a floor carpeted in soft off-white shades. Near the other curtained window there was a small wooden desk with a shelf holding a messy pile of books and scattered pens near the small lamp. The remaining furniture was a wooden cabinet and a dresser over which hung an oval mirror and clothes were scattered on the polished wooden surface of the dresser. The bed too was simple in mahogany shades with a quilted cover feathered in shades of cream underneath which stirred a figure. A fatherless girl of fifteen, Xia Annox Jones woke up groggily rubbing her eyes with her soft blanket and peering around the dirty room with a grimace not aware that on the bedside table her alarm clock was screaming. With a slam she slapped her hand on the snooze button and gave a wide yawn with the aching desire to crawl back under the covers and sleep but that vanished in an instant as she saw the time on the dial reading 7:30 am. Oh no I’m late was the first thought that popped into her head and her eyes opened wide. Flinging out of bed she raced to the bathroom. It was locked. Mom! She thought frustrated.
“Mom I’m fifteen minutes late! Get out!” Xia yelled banging her fists on the door as she heard the water running. “This is the third time this week! The school is going to throw me out!”
“Honey, it’s not school today” said Asra Jones, through the wooden door clearly in a horrible mood. Her daughter grimaced. She knew Asra hated it when she was disturbed in her bath but she was also confused for she was positive today was Friday.
“Huh?!” said Xia, bewildered.
“No school remember, only the party” said Asra and the water had stopped running, “Don’t you dare go back to sleep now young lady.”
“What? Can’t hear you Mom…Anyway I’m going back to bed!” said Xia with a grin as she sped to her room. Closing the curtains to shut out the irritating light she flopped on her bed and shut her eyes tightly. “5…4…3…2…1… now!” she counted down the seconds till her mother would come rampaging through the door to wake her up for she hated late risers and this happened nearly every weekend.
“Xia, get up now! Get dressed!” said Asra marching into the room in a bathrobe, a pink towel wrapped round her hair. She stood over her daughters figure huddled in the covers. “I will not have you sleeping late.”
“Five minutes mom” whined Xia as she closed her eyes tightly hoping that her mother would let her sleep till the afternoon.
“No” Asra replied firmly clearly not in a mood for compromise.
“Please?” Xia pleaded still covering her face with the blanket and trying to sound as meek as possible hoping her obstinate mother would cave in.
“No Xia, stop whining and get up. It’s already past early morning!” exclaimed Asra whipping the covers off her daughter who sat up with a frown, grumbling to herself inaudibly.

Xia trudged out of bed with a moan, still grumbling as she walked towards the bathroom and there she took a long steaming bath, soaking in the foamy waters as she daydreamed. It was 8a.m when Xia stepped out of the bath and wondered how she was going to spend around eight more hours of boredom till the party. Xia went to her now neatened room and slipped on a pale green sundress and strolled into the kitchen leisurely to see her mother pouring fresh orange juice in a long glass already dressed neatly in a black skirt and blouse with her long hair held up. Xia sat down on the table as Asra sidled fried eggs and a buttered toast on her plate while she herself took a seat opposite spreading creamy butter on the toast as she took a sip of her steaming coffee. Xia spread a thick layer of strawberry jam on the bread slice and then placed her egg above it taking a bite and relishing it.
“So Mom, what are you going to do today at the museum?” she asked Asra who worked in the local museum doing various projects of ancient art especially the Chinese history since she was attached to her homeland and Xia knew she had not visited there ever since her father, who was an American, had died around fourteen years back.
“Well I have to begin on this new project which will probably take my afternoons away for a while on the weekdays.” Asra drank her coffee with a small frown; her daughter didn’t know that she worked overtime in the afternoons to bring up some money. Ever since her husband, Norman Jones, had passed away when her daughter was barely a few months old she had to work extremely hard to earn enough money to bring up a lively child. That was one of the reasons her house was not filled with glamorous objects and the other reason was she loved it here; she loved to revel in its simplicity. She had chosen simple furniture that gave the house a homely look and the little décor within reflected an excellent taste including some indoor jasmine plants.
“Really? That’s cool. So what’s the project about? Anything I can help with?” said Xia rushing quickly with forced enthusiasm because her mother’s job was so boring that she fell asleep every time they went to the museum. Still she didn’t want to hurt Asra’s feelings so she grinned happily hoping that even if her mother landed her with a job she would ask her friends to pitch in and they would. She watched her mother’s face brighten up as she started talking with an animation. Xia ate the remaining of her toast and gulped down all the juice, moving to the cabinets to remove the smoothie maker and attached the plug into the hidden socket.
“I’m setting up a new wing for the children and their families to enjoy. It will allow them to interact closely with history. The exhibit is entirely based on the history of Egypt. You can come along with your friends. It will be very interesting as they will display the weapons used in those days including the clothes and ornaments of the women. It’s all set in the 1930s and I’ve seen the reproductions of the exhibit. It is quite cool.” said Asra her eyes shining with anticipation and Xia hid her face as she rolled her eyes not sharing the excitement but nevertheless her mother continued. “Besides that there is a display of the pottery of those times and also reproductions of the walls at the time of the Pharaohs. Those carvings on the walls are beautiful and so meaningful, I mean each of them tell a story that keeps you on the edge. I’m so excited to begin my work, maybe I’ll even get a promotion!”
“That’s great Mom!” Xia exclaimed with genuine happiness for her mother deserved a promotion. Xia chopped some bananas and strawberries before tossing them in the container followed by three scoops of vanilla ice-cream. Then placing the lid she watched the contents whirling as her mother washed the dishes still smiling and then took out a glass for Xia’s milkshake before disappearing down the hall. Xia poured the milkshake into the glass and then took out the remaining Dream Whip which she had made yesterday for the dessert and used it to adorn the surface of the pale red shake and finally she squirted chocolate syrup over the white tufts. Asra then emerged into the kitchen with a handbag slung over her shoulders and the mobile in the other hand.
“Mmm…that looks yummy. You should make the meals as well; at least they’ll look nice.”  Asra smiled fondly at her daughter, who grinned and took a sip of the milkshake, her eyes twinkling as always. “Now I’m leaving for work and I’ll be back at evening to help you dress up for the party. OK honey now you take care and lock all the doors and-”
“-Call me if you need any thing. Don’t open the door for anyone and in case of emergency go to our neighbor’s house. You do remember her number right? Fine I’ll ask Mrs. Jenkins to check up on you after every hour” said Xia finishing the pep talk with a naughty grin and mimicking her mother’s voice almost perfectly.
Asra frowned and gave her daughter a mocking glare before laughing and planting a kiss on her cheek. “Alright now I’m going to leave. Do something useful will you?” she called as she moved into the hall and left through the white door, as usual banging it and rattling the glass which had not broken for all these years. Xia just drank up her delicious milkshake not noticing the pale eyes that watched her through the window.


***

“Stop fiddling Xia” snapped Asra as she fixed Xia’s hair.
“You’re hurting me, Ouch!”
“Sorry” Asra beamed “there, you look beautiful!”

Xia indeed did. She was wearing a sleeveless black dress with a feathery maroon pattern on it. Through the hem of the dress her shiny black sandals peeped out showing her polished toe-nails. Her arms were bare except for a delicate silver charm bracelet. The bracelet had her name engraved on it and it had been a gift from her father who passed away when she was a child.
Xia’s facial features were attractive, a face that one would glance at twice. Her exquisite black eyes were framed by her long dark lashes that appeared lengthened by the mascara. She had a beautiful smile now enhanced by the gloss she had smeared over her lips. Her luxurious black hair was piled up in a bun with loose strands falling on her smooth, blemish-free face. Despite her appearance the dress felt weird as she was used to trotting around in pants and shirts or sometimes skirts but never before had she worn this formal type of dress. Still running her hand through the soft silken material she couldn’t help but smile with confidence and pride.

“Xia you’ll be an amazing sight!” exclaimed Asra apparently proud of her teenage daughter and not noticing the radiance her face took that made Xia blush slightly. “You look just like me, only prettier.”
“Come on Mom stop bragging about me” said Xia pulling her mother to the car and putting on a mock embarrassed act. Sighing gently, Asra followed her daughter into the car and drove off to the party as the two talked about the museum exhibit and its progress and also wondering the outfits of her friends as well as discussing who would come to the party. She hoped it was all her teachers except the math one. She hated him like anything and the feeling was mutual.

***

“Xia!” exclaimed Julian Adams, her best friend, from above the stone steps beckoning for her. “You look beautiful!”
“Thanks, so do you Julian” said Xia admiringly as her friend looked amazing even with the little make-up she wore.

Julian was a rangy teenager two months younger than Xia with calm features on a smooth complexion. Her aqua eyes were outlined in silver and her shoulder-length, silky, auburn hair which was tied in an elegant French twist shone in the lighted hall. She wore a soft peacock blue coloured dress which fell to the floor in layers and the colour intensified the colour of her eyes. Taking hold of each other’s hand, the two friends moved passed the main door leaving their parent’s on the steps and hurried into the corridor that led to yet another room.
Julian’s eyes twinkled with amusement as she led Xia into the banquet section of the hall. Ankara, Xia’s English teacher, approached the two girls with a cheerful smile on her gentle face.
“Hello Xia” said Ankara “You look marvelous.”
“Thank you Miss Ankara” replied Xia politely.
“Julian, please tell Xia about the meeting which she missed because I have to go and make the arrangements. You both are already well practiced so it won’t be a problem” she said with a wink as she pushed her way through the crowd tripping over her emerald-green glittering dress and her stylish hairdo was falling apart with strands of coffee brown hair falling on her beautiful face.
“Ms. Ankara looks nice” Xia commented to Julian who nodded with a smile still watching their teacher moving through the crowd with a disgruntled expression as people blocked her path unknowingly.
“Yeah she sure does” said a known friendly voice. Xia whirled around and was face to face with Carmine Sullivan and Jeffery Lok Sullivan, her good friends who had been with her since kindergarten and were the first Americans she befriended here before Julian who was born in America yet her features and spirit seemed to belong to some other nation.
“Couldn’t help over hearing” said Lok, grinning mischievously and working up some nasty comments in his impish mind which he reserved for his sister as usual.
“You look good Xia” said Carmine, “nice dress.”
“Thanks Carmine you look pretty too” said Xia as she examined the girl who stood before her.
Carmine whirled around as her pastel yellow dress flapped in the air. Her dark brown hair loosely flowed over her shoulders highlighting her golden brown eyes and her unique appearance. She had put on a delicate gold chain which glittered in the bright lights and similar golden hoops, which dangled on her cheeks.
Lok on the other hand, looked handsome in his formal black suit. His usually messy brown hair was brushed properly for once and his handsome features were enhanced by his dazzling smile. The twins had a charm about them which was attractive and both were affable by nature except with each other.
“Stop grinning you idiot!” said Carmine angrily as she glanced at Lok whose grin was just to mock her on the statement that she was pretty. Xia rolled her eyes and met Julian’s glance who gave a small smile yet still managed to appear serious for Carmine hated it if someone laughed, she thought it was done to mock her.
“Can’t help it if two amazing girls are in front of me” said Lok winking at Julian and Xia who exchanged knowing smiles and Xia watched with amusement at the unfolding argument.
“Yeah whatever” answered Xia giving him a mock glare like one her mother used, “so what about the meeting?”
“Well, it was mostly about pulling a surprise for Mrs. Janet, the chief guest” said Julian quickly “and they also mentioned that we would all dance as a receiving ceremony with you in the lead. The one we practiced for.”
“D-Dance, u-us? But that wasn’t final.” stuttered Xia getting embarrassed, although she was a good dancer but incredibly shy of exposing her talent and the very thought of guests unnerved her. For beings so outspoken, this trait seemed unusual to those who met her.
“Yeah” added Carmine glumly who was also a good dancer but unlike Xia she usually was very clumsy at times. “I’ll look like a disaster.”
“No” corrected Lok, with a hint of sarcasm in his voice, “a catastrophe!”
Carmine ignored his remark with an annoyed huff.
“So what’s the surprise?” asked Xia changing the subject for she felt that Lok and Carmine were going to start their bickering and would spoil their moods.
“Probably the dance and a gift” said Julian, “they didn’t specify the details.”
“Oh…well who cares anyway.” said Xia.
“Guys forget this BORING talk, honestly I don’t care if they put u two in hula skirts and make jump up and down a trampoline. Right now let’s eat!” exclaimed Lok, greedily eyeing the steaming platters of food in the waiter’s hand which were being carried over to the long table.
They all ran hungrily to the buffet and took generous helpings of delicious food with an array of salads, pasta and rice including a special BBQ section where they were serving barbequed chicken and lamb. Xia’s plate was stuffed with lamb, chicken, stroganoff, lasagna and at least five different types of pasta salad. Grabbing a tall glass of lemon sherbet, she followed the gang to their spot. The group sat at a small table at the corner of the hall next to a large glass window through which the entire town of Manhattan could be seen, almost the entire town.
“What a beautiful view,” exclaimed Carmine, fluttering her eyes shaded an autumn orange. “I love the city. Its lights, busy streets and colour.”
“I find it kind of, you know, cramped.”
Carmine cast a glance at Xia, raising a sandy eyebrow at her answer. Xia stopped to explain, “I mean I like the country better.”
“So do I, the hills, fresh air and not to mention the beautiful locations” stated Julian with a longing smile as she sipped water from her glass.
“Well we can discuss it with Mr. Roger. He’s coming this way” announced Lok with a groan and Xia saw her math teacher slide up to them his face as usual stamped with a frown under the bushy mustache as he eyed them with a scrutinizing gaze.
“What do you think you’re doing?” questioned Mr. Roger gruffly as he brushed back the long mane of hair from his forehead and adjusted his heavy framed glasses.
“Umm…eating” answered Xia almost rolling her eyes. If she did then the teacher would have her punished even before she began the next year of school after which he would pester her about the results of their board exams that occurred in May. Julian would get off because she aced everything except social sciences; Lok too was intelligent as was Carmine. Xia herself was quite good usually gaining 85% and was the best at mathematics but still the teacher held a special disliking towards them four and she always wondered why.
“I see. Well then enjoy your meal and good luck for your results. I do hope I get an A from each of you or else…” he left the sentence hanging in mid air as he sauntered away with a narrow glare and ignored the students who edged away from him.
“I hate that man” growled Julian her face in a scowl and she then ate her food in silence. Carmine just shrugged indifferently, Lok said nothing and Xia clutched on the fork hard, her knuckles white as she hurriedly ate her meal aware that in fifteen minutes the ceremony would begin.
***

“Okay girls lets dance!” exclaimed Ankara “Xia, Julian come here now!”
“Oh no we’re going to make a fool of ourselves” muttered Xia as she walked towards Ankara, trudging heavily.
“Take your positions!” said Ankara clapping her hands in rhythm to a soft traditional music played by a local pianist, Nina Williams, a talented girl gifted with music when God had taken away the power of her legs. Everyone loved her as she was charming and beautiful in person, always willing to help with advice or prayers.
Taking a deep breath, Xia began dancing along with the other girls. Patterns and colours blurred together in the dim light of the stage. All girls danced gracefully as their feet moved in time to the folk music. But Xia, the most graceful dancer, was uncomfortable. Her feet slipped from here to there clumsily. However, with her skill, she regained her balance and joined the others not understanding why her muscles momentarily went out of control without her thinking.
Hidden in the towering bushes, someone or something watched Xia. Its bright yellow eyes were riveted to Xia alone and sparks of unholy magic crept from its hiding place, moving invisible on the grass and circling around the girl’s feet. It smiled gleefully, revealing its pointed fangs, when the girl tumbled and the eyes sharpened in the darkness, looking like lamps. It glanced up to the moon which was appearing slowly from behind a thick wisp of clouds and fled away at the speed of lightning, hiding from sight for it noticed that someone had seen.
Ankara stood watching the bushes while fear clutched her chest and she flung forward to find the creature. The luminous moon pacified her heart and she blamed the sight on her wild imagination and then she went back and rejoined the dancing ceremony, which was going resplendently well followed by the surprise that was the presenting of golden statuette of the school symbol to honour the chief guest along with a bouquet of flowers.
What the creature was and where it had come for was unknown but all that was certain was the darkness it had bought with it, darkness purged with evil.









Chapter Two

~Close bonds Shattered~



Up in the cave, the aged man watched the altar glowing dimly against the darkening sky. Fear seized him momentarily as he stood with his gaze transfixed on the spot, as his eyes dilated and the image sharpened. Limping up to it with incredible swiftness, he touched its smooth polished surface running a long finger over the carvings. He jumped up startled, the Annoxonum had been discovered. Racing to the cave he gathered his weapon and fled to the dense forest, his heart surging with terror for he knew what had discovered the Annoxonum but at least the wait was over.
For now.

***

“Mr. Roger was so upset with the indifference we showed him that he shouted at Lok just for dropping his spoon and Lok finally threw pudding on the floor in anger or maybe because he was trying to irritate Mr. Roger but Ms. Ankara intervened naturally and then…” Xia chattered away aimlessly suddenly stopping as she realized her mother said not a word to her and she felt that her Asra’s attention was some where else. “Mom? Why are you so quiet? Is something wrong?”
“Nothing dear” muttered Asra with a sigh “its late that’s all. I’m just tired.”
“Yeah, it’s midnight” stated Xia looking wearily at the luminescent crescent not convinced by her mother’s answer but knew better than to pursue the questioning. Suddenly her thoughts drifted back to the dance ceremony and she frowned trying to understand why she tumbled. “Mom you know what? When I was dancing I felt so uncoordinated with my muscles. I kept slipping and I think I say some yellow eyes watching me. But then the next second they disappeared. Mom what are you doing?” she exclaimed for Asra had screeched the car to a sudden halt and had whipped her face towards Xia with anxiety etched all over it. Barely noticing that she had avoided a ditch by a narrow inch and that the car was teetering on the right.
“What did you say?” she asked sharply.
“Nothing, I just said that I thought these eyes were watching me but it must have been a trick of the light or something. I mean I must be having hallucinations.”
“What else did you see?” said Asra her voice sharper and then seeing her daughter’s confused face she added more gently. “Did you feel anything?”
“No I- I felt like there was this fear in me. Maybe it was stage fright but I don’t know Mom. It was weird, the feeling” replied Xia clearly remembering despite her drowsiness that during the dance when she tumbled she felt terrified of something. She felt heavy and disorientated for a few seconds. Asra said nothing to this and she reversed the car, a Ferrari that they won when Asra entered in an international contest of Museum exhibits. It was not the latest model, probably a few years older.
Asra stopped the car as she turned down a lane and parked in front of the house before leading Xia into the house as she was walking around with her eyes half opened.
“Xia, go to sleep now” said Asra gently as she flicked on the light of the lounge, “today was a busy day.”
“Yeah” answered Xia absentmindedly, “Good night.”
Xia climbed the stairs slowly and approached her room. She wore her nightgown after scrubbing away the makeup and slipped into the warmth of the bed curling like a cat under the covers. Not before long she was fast asleep barely noticing the chill that had developed in the house even though it was summer.
“Good night, my child” whispered Asra as she stared at the stairs clearly worried and afraid for some reason, “Father now I turn my attention to you.”
Asra curled up on the sofa the lights still blaring above her and first dialed the number of a friend of hers known as Jacob who ran several errands for her.
“Hello, who is speaking?” said a firm masculine voice slightly weary as it was twelve at night or later.
Cradling the telephone in her lap, Asra bent back and closed her eyes as she answered. “Jacob, it’s me Asra Jones. I need you to get the earliest plane tickets possible to China for tomorrow for me and my daughter.”
“China tickets for tomorrow? Why?” asked Jacob clearly disturbed at the news, “Is something wrong?”
“Not at all. I have some pending matters there. By the way Jacob, please inform the Manhattan Museum that I might not return indefinitely but will call.”
After reassuring Jacob for a few minutes that there was no emergency she dialed the home number of Julian Adam realizing that she should tell him that Xia and she would come tomorrow to say goodbye.
“Hello, Adam?” asked Asra as someone picked up the phone from the other end, “It’s me Asra.”
“Hello Asra, what’s up?”
“There is something important I have to tell you. Xia and I are leaving for China tomorrow to meet my father.”
“Your father? But he- isn’t he in…”
“Yes I know. But I have to go.”
“Do you need me to come along? I do a similar background as you do. My daughter is the replica of my late wife; she will be able to enter the lands.”
“No thanks Adam. I just hope I’m wrong. I can’t relive the pain. Anyway I’ll drop by tomorrow and please call the school and tell them to mail me the result of Xia in China. I’ll give you the address of our hotel and the statement of entry. Adam if you can, inform the Sullivan family and ask them to come over to meet as at your home.”
“Alright Asra. Come over tomorrow and take care. Goodbye.”


***

An inhumane roar echoed in the silent forest. Great masses of trees towered above, blocking the beam of moonlight. Ching Annox Lee, the old cave man, walked softly on the moist soil, treading noiselessly on the fallen leaves. Intense rustling sounded from behind a tree. Ching whipped around facing the thorny bushes, his sword rose.
“Who’s there?” he boomed, his voice echoing.
Instantaneously, claws sprang from the air and dropped nearly a foot away from Ching, who remained still. The features of the creature were hidden in the darkness. It glanced at Ching momentarily with its fiery yellow eyes and snarled, baring its fangs which were drooling with saliva.
“Axhelius” said Ching in repulse.
“Yes” replied the dark creature emitting a throaty whisper, “I’ve returned.”
“You were banished Axhelius when you turned evil. How dare you show your face here?”
“Yes, you know me Ching, I had to return” the creature whispered icily its eyes only visible as its body was clothed in darkness and shadows. “The one thing I adore doing is watching the fear drip all over you and the stench. I revel in it.”
“Why do you come here foul monster?” questioned Ching, afraid he knew the answer for he felt the altar come to life after a long time and felt the unfolding of the prophecies.
The creature released a sort of scratchy laugh at Ching. “Don’t you know, the Annoxonum has been discovered,” it snarled, “The Annoxonum shall not escape my clutches. We all know that this one is the most important. The one of the prophecies, am I not right Ching?”
“You already betrayed your nobility, your friends most of all you deceived Kashya!” snapped Ching his dark eyes glistening menacingly in the moonlight and the long beard tangling with the leaves and sap of the trees through which he had climbed.
The creature of the night snarled again before growling and in the shimmering rays of the light, the claws flexed and teeth glinted like small sword ready to kill. “You cannot stop me.”
“I shall kill you before!” exclaimed Ching angrily, raising his sword a bit higher to emphasize his words and hid the fear he felt from this fallen creature.
“We shall see,” the creature answered with a cold growl at him.
“Who? Axhelius who is the Annoxonum?” asked Ching now with more sharpness to his tone as he demanded the answer of the creature.
“You’ll know Ching,” it said as it jumped over the bush and disappeared into the hazy distance no longer cloaked as moonlight shone on the glossy black mane of the panther. “Let’s say you’re your paths will cross soon enough.”
Ching remained startled staring into darkness. Who? He asked himself.

***

Xia’s door creaked open gently and Asra stepped inside. Xia’s eyes opened sharply and she saw her mother in front of her.
“Xia” whispered Asra “are you awake?”
“No I’m talking in my sleep” muttered Xia sleepily, “what’s wrong? Why aren’t you asleep?”
Asra sat next to Xia and hugged her lovingly. In the pale moonlight Xia saw her mother’s shimmering, tear streaked face.
“Mom, you’re crying?” asked Xia touching her mothers wet tears more alert now.
“Honey, I want to tell you something” said Asra with a painful effort and the words were slurred.
“What Mom?” Xia prompted half afraid. Maybe her result came out early and she failed or maybe the papers were lost. She hoped for the latter.
“Xia, honey, we have to go to China…probably forever.” Asra broke off and turned her face as it had turned red. She sniffed once and then was watching her hands in the darkness.
Xia stared openmouthed at her mother, shocked.
“China?? Mom, w-we’re le-leaving!” she stuttered “but my friends, my life is here…” Xia could say no more as tears streamed down her face like rivulets and a heavy weight fell across her heart. Maybe she could have dismissed it as a joke but her mother was too serious and sincere to make a cruel joke.
“Xia, you have to understand, we absolutely must go to China. I can’t explain it but I have this feeling, a mother’s instinct, I guess.”
“Why Mom, why?” said Xia hurt with loss wiping the tears away hurriedly so her mother couldn’t see them.
“That can only be answered there…”
Xia was afflicted with heavy sobs and she clutched her pillow helplessly. Asra, feeling her pain, hugged her daughter tightly and soothed her till she fell asleep.
Soon after, the sunlit room awoke Xia and she gazed around. She remembered last night’s conversation and the agony was still fresh in her mind. Staring at her tear stained pillow she prayed with all her heart that the trip would end, that she didn’t have to go back and leave behind her life. Her mother broke through her thoughts when she entered the bedroom.
“Hey,” said Asra “get dressed my dear, breakfast is ready.”
“OK Mom” choked Xia “five minutes.”
“Okay dear, take your time” smiled Asra but it was a painful smile, a forced smile, a smile filled with compassion and understanding. Gone were the routines of begging for sleep. Now the house loomed with a distinct darkness as Xia touched the walls remembering all the times she took this life for granted. It was beyond her imagination that she would ever abandon this house or this city to live, forever someplace else.
Five minutes later Xia bathed and was dressed up. She had her hair pulled into a black ponytail and her black outfit reflected a solemn mood. It was almost as if she were mourning.
Asra bustled in the kitchen making pancakes and along that she stuffed clothes in an already cramped suitcase. Accessories were thrown around along with other items. Her eyes were red with crying and heavy circles outlined them showing she was awake all night trying to ignore the loss by work.
“Xia we have to go meet your friends and teacher okay, so eat quickly” said Asra through the kitchen.
“Yes Mom” said Xia as she fiddled with her food. Normally she devoured pancakes but now it no longer lifted her mood. Finally she swallowed her pancakes, chewing slowly as if in pain and the chocolate syrup had no taste.
“Done Mom!” she exclaimed as she raced towards the car shortly followed by Asra who had thrown on a red dress and her black hair were in a messy bun.


***
Deep sorrow filled sobs engulfed Julian’s house. Lok and Ankara sat despondently at the break of the news. Julian and Carmine sobbed repeatedly hugging one another along with Xia while Asra stood with Adam eyeing the miserable atmosphere. Hours crept by slowly and finally it was time to go.
“Don’t forget us,” said Carmine hugging her tightly and Julian pulled her aside for a moment to give her a hug which seemed eternal and a smile of encouragement which elated Xia for the fraction of a second. Julian whispered gently in Xia’s ears, “It may be the last time we see one another but I know it is not. It can never be.” Then Xia’s best friend whisked away into a corner, unable to control her emotions which burst forth before she ran out from the entrance unable to say goodbye again.
“See you Xia, you were a cheerful girl and I hope that we meet again. Keep in touch.” said Lok shaking Xia’s hand and managing a bare smile. He too looked really sad, his hair disheveled and eyes red but still he managed to stay strong as he wrapped an arm round Carmine’s shoulders as she had hid her face in her hands.
“Xia, we’ll meet again I hope,” spoke Ankara through a forced smile “till then keep us in your heart as we will keep you in ours.”
Xia nodded and hugged everyone once again and during this Lok slipped a package in her pocket which turned out to be a small book on Friendship in which all three: Julian, Lok and Carmine had signed with a small tearful note of goodbye. She trudged out towards the door with her mother and waved her hands in a final farewell her eyes no longer teary as they had all dried to leave an empty hollowness in her heart.
“Good Luck Xia” said Adam, Julian’s father “We’ll keep in touch.” He patted her back and smiled at her.
“Thanks” answered Xia, “I’ll miss you all…”
Grief enveloped her body and she raced towards the car. Asra hugged the children (except Julian who stood at her window watching with tears) and shook hands with Ankara and Adam.
“Good Bye, Hope we meet again” saying that Asra walked towards the car and drove off to the airport to board the flight which would change their futures.
They did not know that what was waiting for them was dangerous and lethal, waiting to pounce and they did not know that this step was to lead them in the darkness of peril, where others would join them.









Chapter Three

~An Ancient Myth~


Xia stepped out of the plane stretching out after the cramped journey and inhaled the mint jasmine fragrance which spread over the serene atmosphere. She gazed at the huge lush green mountains and marveled at their splendor. Around one shoulder she had slung a brown bag and held another green duffel bag in the other hand as she walked towards her agitated mother. Asra stood nearby talking to a young officer, her face flushed with annoyance. Flipping around she motioned irritably for Xia to join her as she adjusted the heavy bag on one shoulder.
“This is my daughter, Officer Kimberly” said Asra sharply.
“Yes, beautiful young girl isn’t she?” said Kimberly in a scrutinizing way as he had been informed of two people from America bringing drugs and naturally he suspected the first two people who emerged from the plane. Xia did not like this officer. His aquiline features and bald head were enough for her to dislike his arrogance and the impatience with which he watched them as if they were wasting his time not the other way round.
“Now can we go?” asked Asra frustrated, “you’ve checked everything already!”
“I would like to see the young lady’s bag as well.”
Xia’s eyes froze over and looking directly at him she grumbled. “I am going to scream and throw this bag on your head and then you can explain that to the authorities.”
“Umm…Yes, my ladies, go!” he said waving them off as he had targeted a band of hooligans nearby who were teasing the passengers by throwing the party sprays on their hair laughing as the men and women insulted them.
“Come Xia, we’re going to freshen up,” said Asra leading her daughter to the yellow taxis in the parking lot and the young girl followed her misery forgotten for a while as she stared at her mother’s homeland for the first time ever. It was absolutely beautiful with the shading lanes of green and brown to the small streams and busy markets but compared to where she grew up she found everything weird especially the air mingled with humidity, pollution and freshness from the mountains. She was not aware that behind the bushes in the corner was concealed a creature watching her with the yellow gaze, watching every step till she moved away in the taxi and then those eyes vanished.

***

Soon after an hour in the taxi, Xia was bored of watching the sites and she felt slightly sick almost flooding with relief as they got out near a hotel called Sunshine Reserve, a funny name for in this place there was no sunshine and it was shoved in the corner, tall and patched with dirt. Xia said nothing as she walked after her mother into the reception counter where stood a sallow faced woman with long hair of black and as they went to the seventh floor in an elevator and into their room. Xia hated it on first sight. There was a tiny cramped hall which led to a small table with two chairs in the corner bearing dirty glasses and a water pitcher. The beds were forced into the other end with a tattered table between them. An air conditioner stood in one end opposite to the tiny bathroom.  If the setting was not bad enough they had plastered the walls with a murky yellow paper in which were green flowers outlined in fluorescent pink along with a gruesome carpet which was hard and partially destroyed in the shades of bright pink.
Asra too stared horrified at the hotel’s interior and then looking at her daughter’s repulsed features, she laughed nervously. “I think I placed the wrong reservations. Instead of Sunshine Haven, I got Sunshine Reserve.”
“Uh-huh. So now we’re going back to the hotel called Sunshine Haven?” asked Xia with the tiniest bit of hope and closing her eyes as she heard the answer.
“I don’t think so. I mean now we can’t go changing hotels can we dear. We’ll live here. I’ll order the food,” answered Asra with a forced smile as she walked to the phone outside the door.
“The food will be dumpier than this place,” muttered Xia irritated as she flung her bag in one corner and jumped on the bed. It made horrible squeaky noises as she moved on it, lying down and wondering was she to live here forever. She hoped not for her mother had said probably and in the plane she said that there was a twenty-five percent chance that they would remain here.
Soon a waiter with the same sallow skin came inside holding a tray and Xia jumped up as her mother took the food and gave the man a crumpled note of money. He left immediately and Xia walked over to see the food relieved that it wasn’t stuffed oysters or something like that. There were two plates of noodles topped with steaming sweet-and-sour chicken and both of them sat to eat it along with their gasless sodas. The meal wasn’t so bad but the lunch on the plane had been more delicious and at least they gave a nice soda during the journey. Asra went to the bathroom to take shower as Xia picked up the stack of magazines she brought and began leafing through them finding nothing interesting and she just studied the fashions which were as usual outrageous as were the models.

“Xia, are you fresh enough to visit someone?” asked Asra the hotel room as she cleared away the remains of their lunch after emerging from the bathroom.
Xia looked up from a magazine that she had brought along to relieve some of the boredom, “What? Yes I am, why?”
“I have to meet a special person and you have to, too. A person who you haven’t seen ever,” answered Asra taking away the magazine from the hands of her daughter as she stuffed it along with her belongings. “Do you want to change?”
“Should I?” asked Xia glancing at her scruffy black clothes and then gave a nod, disappearing into the small bathroom and emerging three minutes later adorned in faded jeans and a long tee shirt. “Okay let’s go.”
Xia went downstairs and waited in the cab as Asra called some hotel personnel to take the bags into the room they had booked and told them what she wanted ordered for dinner.
“Go to Deadfall Creek,” said Asra to the taxi driver when she returned. Xia said nothing but looked at her mother strangely for the name sounded weird to belong in China. She gazed out of the glassy windows watching the apartments speed by followed by markets with hawkers selling several items. Soon they turned sharply and all the lively environment was shattered as now a lonely clearing could be seen with no inhabitants.
Deadfall Creek was a beautiful valley with fast flowing rapids and falling waterfalls amid the rolling plains of green. But such a beautiful place was isolated; it was unbelievable. Suddenly Xia spotted her mother walking briskly to a cave which stood in the middle of nowhere and there was only a small spring located nearby. The waterfalls had been left behind.
“Mom!” she exclaimed, running beside her. Xia noticed a beautiful altar carved with ancient stone. The altar’s smooth, polished surface glistened in the beaming rays of the sun and looked as though no dirt had fallen on it for a very long time perhaps centuries. She was about to touch its ancient rune markings but was stopped by a sudden voice.
“Stop!” exclaimed an old man emerging from the cave. Xia whirled around and looked at the speaker. He was old, aged with wrinkles on his face. He was slightly deformed and looked eerie but there was some peculiar warmth in his deep black eyes. He possessed a long grey beard with wispy hair that fell to the back and was clothed in a midnight blue robe which was tattered and torn from several places.
“Xia, come and meet your grandfather Ching,” said Asra as means of introduction.
“Grandpa Ching,” said Xia, blinking in surprise for never had she heard his name mentioned in her life, “Hello.”
Ching beamed down at his granddaughter fondly as he ruffled her hair and his gaze shifted to Asra uncomfortably and Xia noticed that his hands were locked together under the beard as if strangling one another.
“Asra why have you come?” he asked seriously.
“For the same reason I left,” answered Asra quietly yet her features wore a subtle anger and contempt at returning to this place after so long.
Xia was puzzled, “Am I missing something?” she asked.
Ching gave an uneasy grin to Xia his gaze still centered on his daughter, the gaze was troubled yet he knew of what she spoke of. After what it seemed eternity, he tore away his glance and looked at his granddaughter and then his heart felt like lead. He hoped that the suspicions of his daughter were wrong; he also knew she hoped the same.
“Xia first I’m going to make you a delicious cave meal and then I’m going to tell you a story, a long one,” said Ching with graveness, “you’ll join us Asra although you know it.”
“Come now to my abode,” he said chuckling at his remark for the cave wasn’t much of a home but he had just said that to lighten the seriousness that hung in the air. He would make sure of the truth before revealing everything but for a while he would treat it like story telling and a joke.
Xia held Asra’s hand and walked through a tunnel into the dim lit, hollow cave which, to Xia’s surprise, contained cushions and sofas. There was even a stair case leading to upper storey of the cave from where wooden doors could be seen. Inside the cave walls had been lined with a brown marble and the floor was carpeted in a dirty yellow. It was quite homely but Xia saw her mother grimace at the taste probably planning already how to remodel it.
Ching shuffled to a small alcove at the back of the stony structure and Xia realized that was the kitchen. She walked around the cave finding the ancient stone fascinating and the items that seemed to belong to an entirely different world, scattered around the room. There were quills and parchments, she didn’t see a single pen or paper. It surprised her and glancing at Asra to share her excitement, she saw her mother brooding over the mantle, staring at some pictures and it was obvious she was not in any mood to talk.
Soon Ching came out with two plates of gravy in which she saw small pieces of chicken, sliced to perfection and taking a spoonful of the broth, Xia almost groaned with pleasure. The gravy was succulent and thick, the chicken was broiled so perfectly and the taste edged between a blend of Chinese and some creamy Thai version. She grinned at Ching in admiration and he smile back fondly.
“So Xia ready to hear the long story?” said Ching taking a seat on the bright cushions and motioning them to do the same.
“Well, I guess so,” said Xia curiously.
“Carry on the father. Make it quick.” said Asra curtly. Xia just gave a long look to Asra and spooning more of the gravy she listened to her grandfather with rapt attention.
“Okay,” answered Ching passing his daughter a steely look, “Here goes…Long ago in ancient lands called the Magic Plains, a great king, Annox, forged three small stones with ample powers. However, if these stones were placed in the wrong hands, its bearer could gain inhumane, indestructible powers. To ensure the protection of this stone a few of Annox’s descendants were chosen to guard this one stone, the firestone. This duty placed a heavy burden on the bearers’ shoulders, as they had to protect this stone at the cost of their life. The bearers’ were named ‘Annoxonum’ which meant ‘the firestone bearer’. Greedy people formulated noxious plans to get this stone but all Annoxonum succeeded in protecting it. Annoxonum are detected by the creature Axhelius, a panther, the darkest kind, but they now beware it as it has become evil. A dark sorceress, Aria, captured the noble Axhelius and used her witchcraft to convert it into an evil, mutilated beast. Annoxonum have been battling evil for centuries and they die at quite an early age. It is the duty of the Annoxonum to guard the stones or work against the schemes of evil for throughout time evil has raided several times. I do not know the beginning of the stone but from books I have read about the firestone. I know nothing more now than you do Xia, what is to be known is with others in the Magic Plains. This is the place where you have entered and it stretches over the entire world unseen to those who have no magic blood. There are several places from where you can enter these plains all in different corners of the world.”


Xia was stunned by this short but enticing legend, it was astounding and every part held a separate twist. It seemed to be preposterous to be real but yet it was interesting for this was one piece of history she liked compared to the boring notes in the museums.
“Is it over?” she asked regretfully “It was so exciting.”
“Yes, it’s quite a captivating story especially for young teenagers like yourself, sadly it’s over,” said Ching his eyes glittering as he rubbed his hands together.
“Aww… I wish I was an Annoxonum,” said Xia with a faraway look in her eyes, “By the way was this Annox a Chinese?”
“No, he was a man of these lands. They were not divided into the races we are in. they’re different. Perhaps if you’re lucky you would meet some others who have been born here.” smiled Ching glancing at Asra sharply, for he was assured that Xia could understand and bear the burden of her history with ease for the two had kept the secret of the reason of her father’s death for far too long but still the suspicions that Asra had come with hardened his gaze till his daughter flinched.
Asra sighed, “Father we better head home now.”
“No Mom! It’s so much fun here!” protested Xia “Grandpa is a great story teller; Grandpa Ching is this story true?”
“Yes my child every word is true,” said Ching still gazing at his daughter with that piercing look that seemed as if it could probe into the darkest secrets in one’s heart.
“Wow!” exclaimed Xia, her face glowing with happiness “Grandpa…”
“Now Xia, enough,” interrupted Asra standing up suddenly “its becoming dark outside, we have to leave” Asra looked sternly at Xia and then glanced at Ching who shifted his gaze to the floor as if suddenly uncomfortable.
“Okay Mom, great meeting you Grandpa Ching,” said Xia, getting up. She brushed some dried leaves off her jeans and pulled some loose strands of hair out of her eyes.
“You’ll come tomorrow,” announced Ching through a grin at his lively granddaughter.
“We will?” asked Asra, bewildered.
“Yes.” Ching gave her a sharp look which Asra seemed to understand and then bowed her head.
“Okay so see you tomorrow grandpa, I can’t wait!” exclaimed Xia waving at him as she left the cave never noticing the brief exchange of troubled words between father and daughter and not aware that the both held hope for her, hope that what they suspected was not true especially Asra for she knew she could not cope with that truth that took her husband so long ago.
“Are you sure Asra?” Ching asked quietly.
“I don’t know father. It seems to be. She said something watched her at night and I even asked her teacher at the dance and she confirmed that.”
“You know what you’re suggesting?”
“Of course I do. But I know it will not be because I won’t have another one of those times like with Norman.”
“He was a fool. He came on purpose to protect you even though he was not a descendant. That’s why he met the worst end possible because he was weak.”
“Father! Norman wasn’t like that before.”
“Go now. Xia will wonder at our conversation but she is the last descendant so far until she had her own children.”
“I know.”
“You could remain here if you’re worried.”
“No. Not yet.”

“Mom you have a cool dad!” said Xia with admiration to Asra as she was waving to another taxi as she hurried towards her daughter from the cave.
“Yes Xia, so did you,” said Asra through an upset face.
Xia said nothing and remained quiet during the whole ride back to the hotel. She never knew her father, there was no picture of him at home but never had she ever felt the need of him.





Chapter Four

~The Trusted Eagle~


Chirp! Chirp! The melodious chirping of the birds woke Xia up. She blinked her eyes, trying to get accustomed to the dark lightless room. Yawning and stretching her arms she flopped out of bed and straggled towards the miniature bathroom suddenly remembering where she was stuck with a grimace. After taking a quick shower she got dressed into a navy skirt and a pale blue blouse while Asra was frantically running round finding some suitable clothes to wear. Finally she settled on a long yellow skirt and a black, silk blouse that was slightly rumpled during the packing. She had already eaten breakfast as Xia sat down looking with a tight frown at the soggy eggs and barely crunchy toast. She settled on eating the toast alone and drank with closed eyes, the bitter juice which smelt strongly of rotten grapes but she didn’t dare ask the flavour.
“Are you ready Xia?” Asra asked as she combed her wet hair and fastened it back with a barrette.
“Yeah,” replied Xia tying a slightly wet band into her long black hair before glancing at her frazzled mother with a small smile, “So are we going?”
“Yes in a minute.”
“Okay I’ll wait and read one of these boring magazines which I’ve read only about a million times. I guess the room service personnel have taken a trip to Disney land, huh?” asked Xia with a hint of sarcasm that she didn’t bother hiding as she referred to the mess that should be taken care by room service but that just revealed that this hotel was one of the worst she had ever seen.
Asra rolled her eyes but her expression became harder as if realizing the fact as she finally finished cleaning up the mess in the hotel room and then picked up her rent-a-car keys, jingling them on one finger.
“Xia we’re going” she exclaimed, hurrying down the stairs.
“Mom, wait!” Xia quickly locked the room and ran after Asra down the tiled hallway and they both hopped into the white car and drove off crossing lanes and pebbly roads.
Axhelius was sitting in the shade staring at the two with narrowed eyes against the sun’s glare. He growled at the disappearing car and bounded into the dark misty forest far across the city centers ready to strike when need be.

***

“Grandpa Ching, Grandpa Chi…” called Xia until she was stopped by Asra who clamped a hand over her mouth.
“Shush, Xia no one knows Grandpa Ching lives here” Asra said seriously “now is not the time to let everyone know that.”
Xia cocked her head and stared at her mother as she advanced towards the cave wondering at why was this place so isolated. Glancing at the altar which was dimly glowing white, she followed her mother into the cave as she hummed a soft tune of a song she heard long ago. Yesterday she didn’t feel it but today as she crossed the boundaries of road and grass she felt a tingling sensation at the back of her neck almost as if she crossed a barrier and to her utmost surprise not one person glanced her way. It seemed that if they didn’t exist to the modern world. Shaking this feeling with a skeptical smile, she went into the cave room.
“Darlings how are you?” asked Ching getting up from a cushion and abandoning the thick book he was reading so intently. Smiling happily, his arms outstretched he strode towards Asra and Xia his robes in his wake.
“Fine Dad” replied Asra giving him a quick hug, “You?”
“Fine” said Ching, “So Xia, want to learn a few things today?”
“You mean no stories,” said Xia feigning a look of shocked surprise at the old man.
“No, but you’ll have more fun learning,” said Ching winking at his granddaughter.
“Okay…” said Xia reluctantly. Then her eyes lit up with amusement. “Hey, Grandpa, what’s that?” she asked pointing to the platter of fish; its rubbery scales were still there along with its bulging eyes. She slightly grimaced at the platter for even without touching it she could feel the slippery scales around her hands with a shudder.
“Fish.”
“I know, but are we eating it raw? I mean that’s kind of uncivilized if you know what I mean” remarked Xia in disbelief looking purposely away from the grotesque platter.
“No Xia, it’s for a very special friend of mine. As a matter of fact he caught it and I don’t think yesterday you got a chance of meeting him,” replied Ching patiently smiling slightly at Xia for he knew she was teasing him.
“Your friend eats raw fish!” exclaimed Xia, her eyed wide open clearly doubting the sanity of this old man before her. All the mockery was gone and she almost felt dizzy as she thought of scales sliding down her throat. Asra it seemed stood against the wall and was simply not interested in their conversation. Her thoughts were distracted someplace else.
Ching peered into the darkness of the cave in a small dark room where in the faint light the shadows of a bed could be seen and started calling in a deep voice. “Raven, come and meet some friends!”
Suddenly a beautiful, large eagle with glossy, ruffled, brown and white feathers emerged. Its sharp talons scraped the dirt and its pointed beak opened up emitting a remarkable sound. Besides all this, its eyes were radiant; they were of a golden-bronze colour and they had a mesmerizing impact.
Asra, who seemed to have come down to earth, and Xia looked in amazement at this marvelous eagle their mouths wide and eyes beaming with fascination.
“This is my friend” said Ching as an introduction, “Raven is its name, Raven this is my daughter Asra and my granddaughter Xia.”
“You’re talking to a bird! Father I think you need a doctor. Really I’m not joking. Birds what next? I’ll soon see you conversing with snakes or something” said Asra with a sharp tone as she got out of the trance at seeing such a beautiful creature.
“It’s not just any bird Asra. He understands” said Ching with an unusual glow of wisdom on his face and his eyes stared fondly at the eagle that emitted a low sound, almost a loving sound it seemed.
“Come outside” he called to them walking briskly into the entrance tunnel with them in his wake. “I’ll show you something special. It is the Spring of Caruso.”

Ching led the two women across the green grass to a natural spring of vibrant blue which they had noticed when they first came here. Yet it looked more exotic up close.
“It’s beautiful!” exclaimed Xia admiring the sparkling, crystal-clear water with admiration. She watched it gushing gently from the ground and spilling into a silver basin that was rooted to the grass as well but the basin never was full. The water kept pouring into the apparently bottomless basin, amazing. She wanted to take a long sip of the water.
“Ah yes it is…” said Ching smiling and as if reading her mind, “Very sacred fountain, it is and you cannot drink the water. Only animals can.”
“Really?” asked Xia with an expression of disappointment as she ran one finger in the ice cold water and smiled at her mother who, to her surprise, was not taken aback by this beauty of nature. There was recognition on her face.
“Why yes!” said Ching, “It hold many secrets, most hidden but a few revealed, why I happen to know some my self.”
“Cool, could you tell me them, pretty please” pleaded Xia, her eyes bright with zeal as she removed her hand from the water and turned to her grandfather.
“Not again” said Asra exasperated taking her eyes off the water, “Father told you one yesterday. If this goes on I’ll vault back into my childhood.”
“Asra, why you loved stories at Xia’s age” grinned Ching, “You used to say: Papa Papa! Tell me the story again!”
“Father!” said Asra, playfully hitting his arm with her leather bag and passing an insult to him as well which turned out that he used to act like a horse and trot around the grass and sometimes acted as a duck in the pool.
Xia smiled as she saw Ching and Asra laughing together.
“I wish my father was like you Grandpa Ching” murmured Xia all of a sudden not sure why she said it. There was no sorrow in her heart but shockingly a well of anger. What’s happening to me?
Asra and Ching suddenly stopped goofing around. Asra squatted down and put an arm around her fifteen-year-old daughter’s shoulders and smiled gently.
“Darling your Dad was a great man” she said soothingly “He loved you.”
“No he didn’t” answered Xia her eyes ablaze, “He didn’t even know me.”
“Xia. What’s wrong, you’re face is flushed. Honey your father knew I was pregnant when he died and he loved you without seeing you” answered Asra, shuddering slightly as she touched a cool finger on her daughter’s hot face and noticed the blaze in her eyes.
“Whatever” muttered Xia clearly perturbed by the emotions she was displaying and somehow she realized both father and daughter were hiding something from her. About her father otherwise she would not hate him. She did not ask just sat down and took a little amount of the spring water before spreading it on her forehead at once her memory becoming a haze and she couldn’t remember what had happened. With a shrug of indifference she let it go away and grinned at Ching who too nestled into the grass his legs crossed as Asra did the same.


“Raven!” called Ching in a soft voice. The beautiful eagle soared in the sky and with great ease landed next to Ching. It scrutinized Xia with its beady black eyes and cocked its white head in approval. It bounced up towards her and pushed it’s beak in her palm.
“Hey Raven,” she whispered, “You’re a cool bird.”
Raven looked up at her and then at Asra. Finally it bounced back towards Ching and gazed at him questioningly.
“Raven, bring me the manuscripts,” said Ching in an ancient language which neither Xia nor Asra understood.
Raven gave a short nod and ascended to the cloudless blue sky. It flew across, fading away in the distance.
“What was that, does Raven understand you?” asked Xia again fascinated by this man.
“Yes, Raven understands the ancient language; it was used by our line in early days but is now restricted to only a few. I can teach you some, if you want?” offered Ching.
“Okay, Mom?” asked Xia glancing at Asra whose sharp gaze had fallen on her father before smiling at her daughter.
Asra shrugged and said, “Okay, I’ll get to learn some too.”
“Super!” cheered Xia, “Teach away!”
“It’s difficult but here goes…” warned Ching and he started teaching Xia-and Asra-the ancient language.

***


“Aria!” exclaimed Axhelius bounding to a small area in the forest that was cleared and cloaked in darkness, “The girl has arrived!”
A cloaked figure walked towards Axhelius, the hem rustling on the grass. “I know Axhelius, I know. Has she been informed?” asked the figure from behind the hood, the voice a cold feminine one.
“No, My Lady. Not that I know of.”
“Then we are safe for now…”
Aria then went back into the midst of the towering trees followed by her numerous sprite slaves who quaked with fear and cowered behind her. Axhelius bared his teeth at the cloaked woman as she disappeared and then trotted away.


Chapter Five

~An Unwelcome Party~


Ching made a variety of incarnations with the coal black stone on the stone wall situated on the cave’s left side. The letters and symbols were intricate and looked almost impossible to make or to read but as the lesson progressed the difficulty ebbed away. “And this means find help” he said finishing off with the lesson.
Xia studied the symbol and tried to pronounce it as she fingered the intricate word. “Da-rince” she said slowly.
Ching laughed “no my dear its dyrinse”
“Ok…die-rinse…dryinse…dyrinse” muttered Xia with a tight frown, finally pronouncing it correct.
“Good girl, you got it” smiled Ching “now say come.”
“Carvise” said Xia with ease.
“Excellent!” exclaimed Ching looking at Asra “quite a remarkable girl I must say”
“Of course she is” said Asra, smiling proudly.
Suddenly a loud screech filled the air, it was Raven! The eagle outstretched its magnificent wings and glided towards Ching.
“Cwasiana?” asked Ching which meant ‘what’s wrong’. Raven replied with an ear-splitting shriek.
“Axhelius” murmured Ching looking traumatized, his eyes burning with tension.
“Hey what does that mean?” questioned Xia, not comprehending the sudden panic which had arisen.
“Come we have to go quickly” said Ching, shoving Xia and Asra forward into the shelter of the dark cave.
***

Axhelius cantered through the forest accompanied by armed, savage sprites. Their beautiful transparent wings glistened in the dim lit forest and the edges of their spears glinted coldly.
“Go there!” Axhelius commanded pointing to a narrow path enveloped by huge trees. The sprites fluttered along the path at supernatural speed which came from the dimness of the forest, as all evil can move fast in the dark.
Ching I’m coming, thought Axhelius gleefully.

***
Ching grabbed a slippery, wooden torch and lit a bright flame. He led Xia and Asra through the various tunnels of the cave, down staircases and finally into a small furnished room.
“Stay here” he said firmly “all food, water and supplies are here”
“What’s wrong” asked Xia through a panic-stricken face.
“Nothing, Police” lied Ching “Raven is keeping a watch outside so you will remain unseen.”
Then in a flash of lightning, Ching slipped away from the chamber grabbing his long sword with many markings and headed towards the entrance.
“Mom, what’s happening?” whispered Xia.
“I don’t know, I guess we’ll have to believe father but I have no idea why would police come here” said Asra fearfully.
“I just hope nothing happens to him…” murmured Xia hopefully.
“Hope springs eternal” smiled Asra.
Xia grinned and then solemnly looked back at the opening of the chamber. Suddenly, a peculiar thing caught her eye. There were strange bottles bubbling over a hot flame in the corner of the chamber, parchments in an ancient symbolic language were scattered around and behind them was an array of glass bottles each holding a different coloured liquid. Running her delicate hand on the parchments coarse, historic paper Xia made out some of the words as Ching had taught them to her.





“Recipe for…death…healing can be…cure is difficult…” she trailed off unable to understand the rest of the script. Hmm…some kind of potion I think, thought Xia, rummaging through the rest of the parchments.
Something tumbled off the desk from underneath a stack of papers and fell with a sharp noise. Xia looked down immediately and was startled.

***

Ching battled furiously with the sprites whisking his sharp sword form side to side. Injured sprites fell down on the ground and their lifeless, limp bodies disappeared in a fine mist of glittering yellow smoke. Raven swooped down, killing numerous of these similar beasts and sent them into the misty air. All the while Axhelius stood riveted alongside a shadowy figure barely visible in the bright sunlight as the defeated sprites retreated to the forest.
Ching wiped beads of sweat running down his face with his palm and Raven flapping its wings, descended besides Ching. Ching looked up at Axhelius approaching them menacingly and raised his sword in defense.
“Put your sword down” said the cloaked figure, “Axhelius tell them who I am.”
“She is Aria” said Axhelius staring coldly at Ching, “the Noble Aria…”
“Aria” whispered Ching, “why are you hidden in a cloak?”
“You want to see me?” asked Aria “then you shall!”
In a second Aria threw off her cloak revealing a blinding flash of light. Slowly it faded away to show a beautiful but evil woman. Aria wore a long, billowing creamy cape which highlighted her exquisite azure eyes. Her fair face was framed with silky brown hair which blew wildly in the chilly breeze. She was clothed in a long, peacock-blue dress not tainted with even a speckle of dirt. Her arms were bare except for a wrist band studded with sapphires on her fragile hands.
“You sure keep yourself well-maintained” stated Ching eyeing the sorceress with unease.
“Yeas, I’m a striking beauty” she said, her eyes glittering with malice, “even to you Ching.”
“Ha! Sure” he said dismissing her words, “you’re a striking evil”
“Yes” she said laughing softly, “Axhelius let’s go.”
“Wait!” exclaimed Ching.
“Yes…” hissed Aria flipping around with a mocking smile.
“Stop tantalizing me…why did you come?” asked Ching, his voice rising.
“We came to pay a little visit” said Aria mockingly and then snapping her fingers “to the former Annoxonum!”
“Who is it?” asked Ching, but it was more like a demand then a question.
“How would I know” stated Aria in mock disbelief, her lips curling into an evil smile.
“Axhelius?” asked Ching, turning to the creature besides the witch.
“You’ll know Ching, You’ll know soon enough…” said Axhelius trailing off as he noticed something, “You’re granddaughter, let’s go!”
Aria cloaked herself again and bounded off with Axhelius, vanishing into the dense growth of trees. Ching sighed and turned around. He saw Xia standing there with a dark, ambiguous expression.
“Xia honey?” he said touching her gently. She gazed at him peculiarly and then fled back into the cave. Ching rubbed his temples as he felt a sharp tingle and then he asked himself the bizarre question, Is Xia the Annoxonum? Shaking his head in skepticism, he followed Xia into the cave.
“What’s this?” asked Xia, shoving toward him a glowing stone.
Ching entered the chamber and his eyes widened in shock,             “Where did you find this?!” he bellowed, snatching the stone from Xia.
Xia stared at him with steely looks, “is this the firestone??”
Ching sighed deeply, “Yes, but only a part.”
Asra got up from her sleep and rubbed her eyes, trying to stifle a huge yawn.
“What’s that?” she asked eyeing the stone.
“It’s a part of the firestone” whispered Ching, attempting to avoid Xia’s hard gaze.
“Are you an Annoxonum?” questioned Xia quietly.
“I-I” stuttered Ching when suddenly Raven flew in the chamber, screeching.
“Raven!” exclaimed Ching, “what’s wrong?”
The eagle emitted a low screech which held a terrible meaning.
“No!” said Ching “it cannot be!”
“What?” asked Asra frightened and glanced at Xia who just shrugged.
“Raven go and inform the Council about recent events” said Ching fluently in the ancient language at which the bird flew off, cutting across the cloudy sky.
“Xia and Asra, come sit here” he said patting the ground as he thumped down followed by the two, who sat silently. Ching took Xia’s delicate hands and squeezed them gently.
“Xia, my dear, I will now answer your question. I am the Annoxonum, actually I was and so was your father although he did not belong to the Annox line. Ask me not of what Raven meant for that information is not precise yet and as for the Council, that is a body of the dignified, most erudite people who we consult.” whispered Ching looking at the floor. Asra sighed knowingly but Xia had a greater impact.
“D-Dad w-was an An-Ann-Annoxonum?” stammered Xia.
“Yes” said Asra, “He died in battle.”
“M-Mom you knew t-this, why didn’t y-you tell m-me” asked Xia, shocked.
“I’m sorry…” Asra broke off as she was afflicted with sudden sobs and Xia looked at Ching expectedly for some information but he sped to the entrance, distracted by a loud wail. Xia felt defeated as she glanced at her mother heaving in between sobs.
“Sorry Mom” she muttered as she hugged her mother and inaudibly cried with her.




Chapter Six

~The Annoxonum Revealed~


At the Council…

“Raven has informed us of Axhelius and Aria’s sudden ambush which Ching has fought bravely against” said the Chief, his voice echoing in the smooth, marbled chamber. The Chief sat with his horn rimmed glasses positioned on the tip of his nose and his stocky hands clutching his wispy white hair.
“Yes” chirped Melodia, the High Council priestess, “it is an appalling incident.” Melodia flipped her luxuriant, silvery white hair over the shoulders of her blue-black cloak. Her beautiful but aged facial features were afflicted with concern.
“Axhelius has obviously detected the Annoxonum” stated Arak, the advisor, pushing his squared glasses up his straight nose and straightening his neatly pressed, immaculate black cloak.
“Yes, but we have to know who the Annoxonum is” said Melodia.
“Chief Alfa, any ideas?” asked Arak as he brushed his black hair away form his face.
“Whoever it is; is nearby Ching.” replied Chief Alfa firmly. He abruptly stood up revealing his blotched grey cloak and said            “Melodia and Arak send Raven and ask Ching about the Annoxonum, who it is.”

“Yes Chief” said Arak and Melodia in unison as they got up to leave the meeting.

***

Xia and Asra sat close, huddled together in the cave, shivering as a chill had developed in the atmosphere; this chill masked all happiness and bliss, uplifting the pain of sorrow. Ching returned after a while and gave a weak smile to the two. He twisted his hands and paced the room before turning to his daughter.
“Asra, I think you should leave…Xia needs rest” advised Ching.
“Yes father” said Asra quickly standing up, “come on Xia.”
Xia rose up and followed her mother out of the cave whispering a goodbye to Ching as she left.
“Goodbye my child…” whispered Ching as he watched their black BMW drive off.
Darkness had formed a blanket over the sky and the stars glittered like sequins on it. Taking a deep breath of the pine-scented, salubrious air, Ching watched Raven descend next to him with a roll of parchment in its beak. Ching picked up the ancient parchment and placed it on his wooden table, shoving the other paper pieces aside. He opened the wide, golden band and read the note.

Dear Ching,
As Council we have full right to know of what goes around you and Raven has recently informed us of the danger you have barely survived. We Congratulate You!
However the danger is increasing and we yet need to discover who the Annoxonum is before Axhelius can destroy the only hope for the firestone. We, hereby, give you the permission to use your powers over the potion arts and reveal the true identity of the Annoxonum.
I would advise you to send the message through Raven and ask of him to visit the ‘Eagle’s Council’ for any information on Aria and Axhelius.

Best regards,
The Head Council:

Chief Alfa


“That’s what I’m trying to find out” muttered Ching to no one in particular as he stroked Raven’s head.

***

Ching sat brewing and boiling the ingredients for concocting the ‘Annox Potion’-a rare, dignified and sacred potion which would reveal the Annoxonum.
Finally after successive hours he had prepared the potion with great difficulty. Ching poured the deep green solution consisting of blue swirls into a rounded, iridescent crystal bottle, taking immense care not to spill a drop which could hinder the enchantment.
He then took out a large crystal trough and filled it with a water-like, steaming silver solution. Adding a few crimson herbs, he poured the bottle into the trough and stepped back. The potion bubbled and frothed in the container releasing a thick pale blue smoke, which swirled around to form a circular shape in mid-air.

Ching whispered the ancient words:
“Alohoma Jivana Seri Annoxonum, Caputa Chika, Orianna Armiger!”

He then blew on the clouded shape making it tingle and sparkle with energy. Gradually a faded image formed in the cloud and Ching peered at it closely. A young, beautiful girl appeared, her features becoming sharper by the minute. A hint of recognition crossed Ching’s face as he saw the complete image of the Annoxonum. He clutched his heart and moaned. The Annoxonum is Xia, he thought miserably. With trembling hands he wrote a reply to the Council and swiftly threw it to Raven, who took off instantaneously. Ching then collapsed on his bed and closed his eyes despairingly.

***

Xia that night tossed and turned in her sleep. Her mind was deeply absorbed in a terrifying nightmare.

Xia walked gently on the short, dewy grass humming to her self along with the bird’s melody. She gazed at the sunny, cloudless blue sky and smiled with pleasure. In an instant, dark clouds enveloped the sky forming a horrific blanket of malevolence and danger. Xia’s body became alert and she scanned the forest thoroughly for she felt as if something was hiding nearby, something vindictive. She emitted a scream as a misshaped creature pounced out of the bushes and flashed its teeth at her. “Welcome,” it hissed.

Xia started shrieking, tossing in her bed as she clutched her blanket. She woke up and flipped her head, eyeing her room cautiously. Beads of cold sweat broke on the side of her face and her hands were numb with fear.
It was a bad dream, a horrible dream, she kept reassuring her self but somehow she did not feel at ease. The dream felt so real, like it happened in real life, she thought shuddering. Xia hugged her self tightly as a chill crept down her marrow and her brain throbbed violently. Xia cuddled in her blankets unable to enjoy their warmth and she stared at the moon awhile. She then closed her eyes tightly, took a deep breath and not before long, she fell into a deep, dreamless slumber.

***

Raven flew through the midnight air, silhouetting against the starless, inky black sky. Its eyes scanned the forest below for any unusual activity and it kept checking if the letter was still intact in his claws for he couldn’t risk it falling in the wrong hands. He was supposed to go to the Council but made another, essential stop. Concealing the message in a shrubbery bush, Raven flew up a stone cliff, all the while screeching to make the other eagles aware of his presence. He descended near the edge of a cave and hopped inside.
“Welcome Raven” screeched Servin, the wise, unchallenged leader. He ruffled his black feathers which gave him great importance (in the Eagle’s Council the ruffling of feathers of a leader indicated that respect was to be shown) and his white head moved around rapidly.
“Servin” answered Raven, bowing his head gently.
“Raven my dear!” cried Kerfina, Raven’s mother. She approached him and wrapped one of her glossy, brown-feathered wing around Raven. Her warm black eyes bore into Raven’s and her face reflected concern. Raven nudged his mother tenderly to show his love and also as a greeting.
“Servin, I have something important to question” said Raven, gravely.
“Kerfina come and join us” said Servin and then nodded to Raven, “yes Raven, do ask.”
“The Annoxonum has been discovered. She is Ching’s grand-daughter, Xia. However it surprises me that Aria had come to Ching before he concocted the potion and she acted as if she was aware of the Annoxonum. How could she know who the Annoxonum was?” asked Raven.
Servin’s expression grew solemn, highlighting his wearisome eyes even more than before, “Raven, Axhelius aids Aria, he must have informed her but maybe there is more witchcraft than is revealed.”
“Axhelius cannot have known the name. Aria… I saw her face when Xia appeared in front of them…she had such iniquity in her eyes…” Raven protested.
“My scouts have been reporting this Servin. Aria has been sighted to remove the brain of Axhelius and do some unholy magic. I do not understand it myself.” said Kerfina.
Servin’s expression remained grave but now the sparkle in his eyes had disappeared.
“Perhaps I can shed some light on this situation” said one of the eagles, “I have known from my forefathers that once a creature is under a powerful sorceress’s control, that witch could possess knowledge even if the creature is unaware of the information itself. Axhelius senses the Annoxonum but because he is partially blind, the face appears indistinct and he does not know the name of the person.”
“So you are saying that Aria can see pieces of facts in Axhelius’s brain even if he is unaware of it himself?” asked Raven in disbelief.
“It appears to be…” muttered Kerfina as she gazed at Raven gently.
“It is true” Servin finally said, “We all know that the Annox potion is the only magic that can reveal the Annoxonum apart form Axhelius, since it is not known to Aria the only explanation is as this noble eagle has given us. Raven did you inform the Council, yet?”
“I am on my way” replied Raven.
“Go Raven…the Head Council can handle this. Notify them that we shall increase our patrols and report if anything extraordinary occurs.” said Servin.
“Be careful…” said Kerfina anxiously.
Raven bowed, “I will.”
He then flew down the cliff, towards the shrubbery bush to retrieve the message. He was distracted by some faded glimmering in the woods. Raven’s golden eyes penetrated through the forest but there was nothing alarming. Suddenly he saw a snowy white eagle who screeched strictly to Axhelius saying ‘Flee, Aria is approaching’. Raven nodded thankfully to the eagle, grabbed the message and soared towards the Council.
Aria appeared with Axhelius adjacent to her. The snowy eagle took flight at seeing Aria.
“So Raven was here” whispered Aria sniffing the dense air. “Does the Council know that the Annoxonum is Xia?” she asked Axhelius.
“How do we know it’s really Xia?” asked Axhelius “maybe I sensed someone else, maybe her mother?”
“Axhelius I know…I know…” whispered Aria as she stared at the sky with an immoral smile plastered on her pale face.

***

At the Council…

The Council received Raven’s message and they were pondering over what do next in silence.
“So we can now understand why there was a raid at Ching’s house” said Alfa, breaking the heavy silence.
“Yes” said Melodia “The Eagle’s Council shall assist us well.”
“Very helpful especially Servin and Kerfina” stated Arak.
“Chief Alfa, I have to show you some documents I have printed from the Annox Secret Book” said Melodia standing up and walking towards Alfa, her heeled shoes clicking on the marble floor and her turquoise robe blew behind her. She placed a red file stacked with sheets on Alfa’s desk.
“Hmm…” muttered Alfa, skimming through the file “I shall read them later.” He placed the heavy folder on his desk neatly.
“So should we send trainers for the Annoxonum?” asked Arak.
“No, Ching can train her” said Melodia glancing at Arak.
“Send him a message” ordered Alfa “at once.”
“Yes Sir” said Arak as he took out a paper and wrote a short note. “Melodia, please give this to Raven. He is sitting in the lawn’s largest tree.”
Arak handed the scribbled note to Melodia, who attached it to a string and took it outside.




Chapter Seven

~Preparation~


Xia and Asra went to Ching’s cave at the crack of dawn and sat in the warm, humid chamber. Ching was sitting on his bed gravely with his chin resting in his palms and his eyes bloodshot.
“What’s wrong?” asked Xia for the fourth time, staring at Ching inquisitively for he was unusually silent.
“I have something very important to tell you” said Ching, his eyes boring into Xia’s own.
Xia lowered her gaze and asked, “What?”
“Wait for Raven to come” answered Ching abruptly, sighing gently.
Xia nodded and stared outside. Exquisite rays of light started emerging from behind the lush green hills and they spread out. The tip of the glorious sun peeped out, rising up and shedding warmth and light in abundance. Xia was mesmerized and awestruck, her dark eyes glistening with joy. She then spotted Raven, high above in the sky as it spread its large, magnificent wings. Glancing at Xia, it gave a joyful screech and flapped its wings, landing gracefully in the cave. Raven hopped towards Ching at gave him a rolled up piece of parchment. Ching sighed as he read the note and he kept it in the drawer.
Asra was now standing up and eyeing Ching with frustration and anxiety, “Now since Raven has arrived you can tell us what you wanted to” she said.
“Yes” he said sighing.
Xia groaned quietly, I guess it’s a habit of old people to sigh.
“Now Xia and Asra please take a seat on those cushions” said Ching pointing at the fluffy cushions besides his now clear table.
How formal, thought Xia sarcastically, he could have said ‘it would be my pleasure if you were seated on those cushions for my contentment is in your comfort’.
When Xia and Asra sat down, Ching sighed yet once again.
“Would you quit sighing and tell us already!” exclaimed Xia, impatiently.
Again Ching gave her that penetrating gaze causing Xia to shift her eyes to Raven.
“Asra, Xia…Xia is the Annoxonum” stated Ching, his voice shaking slightly.
“WHAT??” Xia and Asra exclaimed in unison.
“Yes” he whispered.
“NO! No…no…” wailed Asra, “why her, why?”
Xia broke out of her trance and said “Hey Mom, I’m not sad”
“I know Xia, why would you be sad. He was also so thrilled to be one, thought he was prominent, but how did he end…in the worst way. He left me, left me with a helpless baby to survive alone…” moaned Asra painfully.
“What does she mean?” questioned Xia for they had just told her he died in battle, “He didn’t die on purpose.”
“Xia, honey, let me explain” said Ching as he glanced at Asra hidden under a wave of successive sobs, “An Annoxonum passes through many critical stages in their lives…most of them have usually died in battle.”
“Like my father?” asked Xia, her heart aching.
“Yes” Ching said without any trace of emotion, “Your father.”
“She won’t go father, She won’t!” exclaimed Asra angrily “I’ll stop her!”
“Mom…I want to be one, I have always wanted adventure and I finally am getting it” said Xia.
“Fine then you can be separated, I can’t handle any more loss” snapped Asra, standing up abruptly.
Xia’s eyes widened in aggravation, her expression changing to irritability and then into anxiety, “Mom! What is wrong with you?”
“Go away! Never come back!” screamed Asra with tears streaming down her face and her fists balled tightly.
“Stop this Asra. Now!” exclaimed Ching sternly “It’s not Xia’s fault she was chosen…it is her fate!”
“Yeah Mom, it’s not like I’m going to die in battle” said Xia.
Asra glanced at Ching and at Xia before her shoulders slumped in defeat and she thumped down on the cushions with a heavy heart. Putting her hands on her shoulder, Ching said “Support her Asra, it is necessary.”
Breathing in sharply, Asra nodded and then hugged her father. Xia joined in the group hug followed by Raven, who merely rubbed his head against Xia’s black pants.
“It will be alright” said Ching hopefully gazing at Xia “your training starts tomorrow young lady as per the Council Orders.”
Xia nodded and then they both left to go home and sleep their worries away. Ching stared after their departing figures and then looked at Raven.
“It went quite well, didn’t it” he said.
Raven screeched in response which made Ching laugh gently.
“I think we both need some rest” he said, walking towards the couch and falling into a deep sleep.

***

“She has been informed” said Jalia, Aria’s most trusted sprite servant, bowing down.
“Stand up Jalia” ordered Aria while seated on the silver throne.
Jalia stood up with poise. Her long, blonde hair blew gently in the breeze fanning her face. Her large, liquid green eyes were shining in awe and respect while her light blue, shiny wings came to a rest besides the thin cherry-pink silk she was clothed in.
“Jalia inform Axhelius, tell him to send a few capable spies” ordered Aria “there should be no attack…I require the Annoxonum for other plans.”
“Yes my lady” said Jalia bowing slightly. She rose to the sky flapping her wings gracefully, which glinted in the sunshine. Accelerating forward, she disappeared. Aria shielded her eyes form the sun’s cruel glare and moved to a shady location. Touching her forehead with her index finger, Aria muttered a few words as a result of which an orb appeared before her, showing Xia sleeping soundly. Annoxonum you are only peacefully sleeping for now, thought Aria, her lips curling into a wicked smile.

***

Xia pulled her hair into a high ponytail, binding it with an indigo ribbon. She slipped into a navy crushed t-shirt and black bell bottoms, adding finishing touches to her appearance by black, thick-soled boots. Examining herself in the full-length mirror she pulled out a few strands hair, which fell on her face. There that’s okay, I look quite alright for an Annoxonum-in-training, thought Xia with a flutter of excitement.
Her mother then bolted in with black pants and a cream-coloured blouse, her hair fastened in a loose clip.
“You look nice” Xia and Asra said in unison. Asra smiled. She had accepted Xia’s fate and had decided to take it in cheerfully.
“Xia I have some good news. Julian is coming to China” announced Asra, beaming.
“Awesome!” exclaimed Xia, her eyes radiating happiness.
“Yes, Adam called me last night” said Asra.
“Wow!” exclaimed Xia, “when are they coming?”
“They’re coming tomorrow. So let’s go to Grandpa”
“Alright Mom”

After a while they arrived at Deadfall Creek, screeching to a halt near the cave and rushing out.
“Welcome, Welcome” said Ching as they approached “practice initiated. By the way you are three minutes late.”
Xia grinned eagerly “I hope I don’t make a fool of myself”
“You won’t…I know you’ll be a great Annoxonum” reassured Asra, “and father, we’re right on time. It’s exactly 7 am.”
“Really, I guess my watch is broken. Now, Xia let’s start the sword techniques and then the martial arts…”said Ching trailing off and handing her a weighty sword which brought Xia down with it as soon as she clasped the hilt. She groaned.

Several hours later…

“Oh I’m exhausted” moaned Xia, clutching her biceps with one hand and wiping away the beads of sweat with another.
Ching smiled with enthusiasm, “you have learnt quite well”
“I have?” asked Xia.
“Yes” answered Asra “I was watching”
Xia beamed with satisfaction. I’m fifteen years old and I have learnt how to fight, cool, she thought. Raven clicked his beak in approval which made Xia bubble with pride.
Her smile faded in an instant when she saw two eyes peeking through the overgrowth of bushes.
“Hey!” she exclaimed and bounded to the bushes but it was too late. Whoever, or whatever it was had disappeared. Something was watching me, thought Xia, but what?

***

“A good fighter!” bellowed Aria furiously “in such a short period??”
“Umm…y-yes my lady” stammered one of the fairy spies.
“We have underestimated her capabilities Aria. This Annoxonum as said in the prophecies and legends possesses enormous talent and dexterity” said Axhelius warily.
“I have greatly misjudged her then” said Aria, frowning and then issued a simple command to the trembling fairy, “Bring me the phoenix, Fiona”
“A-at on-once” replied the sprite as she sped through the dense forest.
“You seem extremely upset” stated Axhelius.
“No, No! I’m not upset” said Aria sardonically “I’m at ease. A little scrawny girl is going to destroy my powers, my ambitions and my master plan. Why should I be upset when before other Annoxonum have succeeded in slaughtering my strategy?”
“It was just a statement” remarked Axhelius groaning in his own monstrous way.
“Well then keep your fetid mouth shut” retorted Aria.
Axhelius crouched menacingly baring his jagged teeth at Aria who just rolled her eyes and said, “as if I am terrified of you.”
Her pale sapphire eyes lit up when she observed Fiona approaching. The large beautiful phoenix with its blazing red-gold feathers was trapped in iron manacles. A horde of fairies pulled its chains forward and were immune to the bright orange flames of fire the phoenix was throwing. This was a multitude of enchanted fairies created for the sole purpose of guarding fire-breathing creatures.
“My Lady, the phoenix is here” announced Jalia bowing down before retreating a safe distance from the huge bird. The fire fairies tied Fiona to a towering tree and bowed gently to Aria before returning to their positions.
“Fiona, how are you?” asked Aria mockingly.
“Aria” she hissed “you evil witch.”
“Ooh…I’m insulted” said Aria her eyes glittering with malevolence, “brainless phoenix.”
Fiona emitted a stream of fire in anger which only produced a retreating action from Axhelius and her eyes sparkled with lightning.
“Fiona, the Annoxonum has been discovered and I have heard the phoenixes are well aware of the ancient prophecies. Tell me about the Annoxonum of this generation” ordered Aria.
“Never” hissed Fiona.
“Take your time” said Aria as the fire-fairies poked spears into Fiona, “I’m in no hurry.”

***

Xia sat on the grass with Asra and Ching, all drinking iced lemonade and reveling in the solitude. The white fluffy masses of clouds formed a snowy white sheet over the sky, obstructing the rays of the sun.
“Well, I’m ready to practice more” said Xia standing up.
“Grab your sword and then we can start” answered Ching licking any traces of lemonade from his lips. Xia clutched the sword in her hand and waited for Ching to get equipped.
“Now begin!” exclaimed Ching as he swiftly began slashing his sword in the girl’s direction.
Xia moved swiftly, springing into action. Her nimble body gave her a bonus. The swords clashed together in perfect harmony and each fighter moved with great ease. After a few minutes of rapid attacking, the miniature battle ended for the two to rest.
“You tired me out Xia…you sure have become a dexterous fighter”
“I have, haven’t I?” she grinned.
“In one day” stated Asra, flabbergasted.
“I never knew that Xia had so much capability” remarked Ching and his heart swelled with pride.
“Tomorrow is the bow training?” asked Ching.
“No, Xia’s friend is coming” said Asra.
“Okay then the day after tomorrow” announced Ching.
“Alright” said Xia still beaming.



Chapter Eight

~Julian’s Secret~

Xia was standing at the airport shielding her eyes from the scorching sun. She was waiting for Julian to come out of the plane which was taking practically forever.
“There she is Xia!” said Asra waving at someone.
Xia squinted and made out a girl with auburn hair and a tall man. Excitement burst out of her as she bounded across the ground, towards her friend followed by Asra who was walking briskly.
“Hello Xia” greeted Adam and then he spotted her mother, “Hello Asra”
“Hey” said Julian smiling at Xia.
“Hey yourself” laughed Xia as she hugged her best friend.
Asra smiled at the girls before greeting Adam and Julian.
“We have got a lot to talk about” said Xia grinning.

The four got into the black car and drove off to the nearest ice-cream parlor to celebrate this special day with sundaes.

***

Later that night when Julian and Xia were alone, Xia told her everything that had happened including about being an Annoxonum. To Xia’s surprise Julian took the news well with no ear-splitting shrieks and she even congratulated Xia.
“Must be quite a responsibility” stated Julian.
“Yeah, but you’re here to liven things up” said Xia.
“Uh-huh…” said Julian absent mindedly toying with her hair.
“Are you ok?” asked Xia.
“Yes…no, I’m not, something happened while you were away.”
“Tell me Julian” said Xia touching her friend lightly on the shoulder.
“Well I was you know just reading the books on magic spells whatsoever…and I just noticed an easy one…I know how to do magic Xia. The spell I performed revealed your face and that’s why I came. You see my mother practiced white magic as well so my father believed me” said Julian.
Xia’s mouth hung open in surprise and recollecting herself she exclaimed “Awesome! Now you can aid me in my quests whatever”
“If you don’t mind me tagging along?” asked Julian nervously.
“Mind!” roared Xia “never Julian, never!”
“Hey should I show you the spell?” asked Julian.
“Of course” said Xia with eagerness which was radiating form her eyes.
“Okay” she paused and then chanted:

Antrisca Savali
Show me whom I should aid
Bestow upon me your grace
Reveal to me the face

A wisp of cloud emerged from her finger tips and swirled. Inside the shape was Xia exactly the way she was now.
“See” said Julian “Learnt it from this really cool book.”
“Amazing” muttered Xia as she sliced the cloud with her finger tips, “my grandpa told me that witches- good ones- are called Magickas and they are very rare in these lands. ”
“Alright then, I’m Magicka Julian…doesn’t click” she said disappointed.
“Hey, Annoxonum Xia sounds dumb as well” Xia pointed out.
“Welcome to the Un-cool Group who get titles which don’t click with their names” said Julian.
Xia caught her eye and they doubled over with laughter and then hugged.
“I missed you” whispered Julian.
“So did I” answered Xia.

***

Aria screamed in fury and clenched her fists. Fiona’s brain was as hard as steel and she wasn’t talking no matter what brutal acts the fire-fairies performed; they had even tried slashing the phoenix with a knife but it was to no avail.
“My Lady, I’m terribly sorry” muttered the leader of the fire-fairies.
Aria waved her off, “Take Fiona away…I’m through with her.”
The fairy bowed and signaled the others to leave. Fiona struggled against the chains and then glanced at Aria with her fiery eyes, “All I can say is that being careful around the Annoxonum is one of the wisest decisions you will ever make.”
Aria gave a cold stare as the anger ignited again, “Remove her from my sight!”
“Aria why are you so upset over a young girl?” asked Axhelius “please no cutting remarks.”
Aria sighed “she has a Magicka’s assistance.”
Axhelius was dazed “Magicka, you mean a witch- a good one?”
“Yes” she answered “names Julian, Xia’s best friend.”
“Oh!” said Axhelius quite surprised at Aria’s wide span of knowledge. But she is aided by her dark powers, he thought.
“Hopeless” she muttered raising her fingers to her forehead. “Axhelius spies needed at once” she ordered.
“Yes” he bowed before leaving.
“Xia…Xia what am I going to do with you?” she murmured as she stared at Xia laughing with her friend in the orb.


***

“Ooh… Wow!” exclaimed Julian, sitting cross-legged on the short, dewy grass “what dexterity Xia.”
“Thanks!” gasped Xia as she swung her body in perfect rhythm. Ching was training Xia in martial arts which by Xia’s expression looked absolutely strenuous.
Adam and Asra had gone out together, to a Rental Office, to find a big enough house for the four of them to live in; this was also partly because of Xia’s complaint against the tiny hotel. Therefore Julian had accompanied Xia to watch the training and also to get acquainted with Ching. Julian liked Ching; she considered him as a jolly, charismatic sort of person. If he was a person, she thought still perplexed by his centuries of existence, He sort of comes in the undead category, or the living but non-living, whatever!
“Hey Julian” said Xia breaking her thoughts “Grandpa wants to see your magic.”
“Okay” answered Julian, as a nervous excitement traveled down her spine. She followed Xia into the cave all the while marveling at Xia’s sudden burst of skills. Pretty cool, she thought.
“Ah, the Magicka” said Ching, his eyes glittering merrily “Please show me your, as you say, spell.” Noting the look of offense in Julian’s eyes, he added “I’m sorry, in my language they don’t say spell for they say marica.”
Julian’s affronted look faded and she smiled “That’s alright.” She then began chanting in a calm voice which resounded in the enclosed chamber. Xia froze when she heard the unfamiliar words coming out of Julian’s mouth. Wait! She’s casting a new spell, thought Xia anxiously glancing at Ching who raised his hand, motioned Xia to remain silent. Xia sighed gently and focused on what Julian was saying in some weird language.

Bright sparks of mauve light emerged from Julian’s fingertips as she carved incarnations in the air, looking eerie herself, due to the bottle green light, which radiated from her body and eyes. Finally a deep sigh from Julian indicated that the spell was over and Xia’s attention was diverted to the centre of the cave. Luminescent multihued energy balls clashed together violently forming a giant, crackling sapphire-blue portal. The inner part was a still black with an occasional burst of azure sparks. Xia’s eyes widened as she perceived a tall cloaked figure emerging through the portal into a now brightly lit chamber. Ching stood up to greet the figure which moved forward on the coarse ground as if sailing on the waters.
“Who are you?” demanded Xia.
“Xia” Ching scolded but before he could say more, he was stopped by the person or creature.
“I am a Guardian, Annoxonum, summoned by this Magicka here” answered a soft, feminine voice “I shall reveal myself.”
The Guardian removed the cloak which concealed her and this action caused Xia to gasp in astonishment. She is exceptionally gorgeous, thought Xia.
The Guardian had thick mahogany hair that curled softly on her shoulders and fell in waves below her waist framing her oval face and the creamy complexion was a stark contrast to her coral lips. Her hazel iris was outlined with blue and her tranquil eyes were surrounded by long lashes, longer than Xia had ever seen before.  She had an amazing figure and was clothed in a tight fitting garb which was a deep black embroidered with silver which fell to the floor in elegant waves and on her back was a crimson cape trailing the cave floor. In her fingers she wore a ring and there was a silver string around her neck.
“Awesome! You could make the front page of Seventeen!” exclaimed Xia, impressed.
“Thank you” replied the Guardian politely and arching an eyebrow she said, “But I have no intention to for I am neither aware nor thrilled for these…things.”
“Umm…can I ask you your name?” asked Julian timidly.
The Guardian smiled gently, “Of course you may…my name is Aniah Annox.”
“My Lady Annox” bowed Ching and then he glanced at Xia in whose eyes he saw awe, she had not noticed that this woman shared her middle-name.
Xia smiled, “Aniah, what does your name mean?”
“In my folklore, Aniah is called the ‘crystal of beauty’ while in others the ‘maiden of light.’ I am not sure which one is the definite one, I never asked.” A hint of sadness clouded over Aniah’s features when she said this but it lasted for only a split of a second.
“Hey Aniah, what type of spirit are you?” asked Julian.
“I have my powers embodied from the crystal clear water of an enchanted lake known as Criswan” she answered “however I am not a spirit, I am an immortal guardian. I am the Guardian of Water.”
“If you don’t mind, could you explain how you originated?” asked Xia and Ching tinged deep red for Aniah glanced at him with a raised eyebrow but thankfully said nothing at the lack of knowledge the girls possessed. He knew she had other matters to attend to but still she did not show any haste in answering.
“I was the youngest daughter of Tricarius and it was he who had created the three stones: the water stone, the earth stone and the fire stone. After his death I was entrusted with the task of protecting the water stone and the Magic Plains from any menace that arose… ” Aniah became silent for a while her face pained but she continued, “Klamath gave me the powers of the Water Guardian and my immortality. I was not originated…I have always been a human like any of you. The only difference is that I have not aged over these years; my life had been stilled once I took my immortality and shall continue when I am deprived of it. I will not say more, the rest lies buried in the past and to uproot it you must know much, which you will learn in the course of time.”
The girls sat stunned at this account till Raven came in to break the heavy, uneasy silence. Upon spotting Aniah, it flew to her, perching its body on her shoulders. She started speaking a fluent, foreign language which Raven alone understood.
“How are Kerfina and Servin?” asked Aniah.
Raven gave a low screech which must have meant something to the Guardian who looked troubled.
“It must be Aria and Axhelius, they are preparing something deleterious, I believe.” Aniah listened again to Raven’s screech now slightly higher pitched than before and then nodded.
“Thank you Raven, I shall try to root out what Aria is planning…Please inform the Eagle’s Council that I may make some obscene visits.”
Raven then flew away from the chamber, screeching a note of farewell as his great wings glided smoothly from the cave.
Aniah glanced at the portal crackling fiercely now and said “I must leave now for there are some matters still pending.” Ching stood up followed by Xia and Julian and shook Aniah’s hand.
“We shall meet again” she announced as she walked into the portal, disappearing in the dark folds like a shadow. The luminosity faded away and darkness was established once again except for the glow of a candle on Ching’s desk.
“I was enjoying the lighted scene. Now it’s dark in here and I can hardly see my hands,” said Xia glumly.
“Yeah Ching, you must install lights. I mean the only reason we saw the Guardian was because of the portal.” Julian gave him a stern look as he smiled.
“Nah! I’ll put up a few candles in the crevices” answered Ching, chuckling and then he turned serious as he glanced again at Julian, “Where did you learn the spell to summon a Guardian. I doubt I gave it to you.”
“I read it up…it was in the margins of that tattered book that was off limits to me” said Julian and faltered as Ching was eyeing her coldly, “I’m sorry Ching.”
Xia glanced between the two and a loud beep outside distracted her as she walked out. Julian turned to follow but Ching placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Julian…” he started in a solemn voice, “You are to be a strong Magicka one day I assure you but do not go ahead of your time…many have fallen in the sway of magic such as Aria and Axhelius…wait till your time comes and then you will soon be named a Magicka by those who have this authority.”
“But when…and by whom?” asked Julian quietly.
“Let’s go outside.” Ching moved towards the door choosing not to answer Julian’s question for now was not the time.
The time would come soon and when it would, life would become a living hell till the fulfillment of the prophecies.
.


Chapter Nine

~A Dangerous Quest~


Aria angrily tossed her crystal ball in the bushes where it shattered noiselessly and disappeared.
“Argh” she roared “Axhelius!”
“Yes?” asked Axhelius, appearing from behind the smooth, rounded boulder with a dead rabbit in his jaws due to which his voice was slightly muffled.
“Get your puny body out of home and think of something to help me stop Xia from getting the firestone, wherever it is!” exclaimed Aria, her eyes smoldering with fury, “that vexing Guardian has been there and I’m sure she’s going to tell Xia to get the firestone!”
“Forgive me” said Axhelius sarcastically as he dropped the rabbit, “I hope I haven’t committed a crime by eating.”
“Oh Shut up!” snapped Aria “where is the stone?”
“I’m not your information bank…anyway ever since I joined forces with you; I am not in the inner circle of the Council” answered Axhelius hotly.
Aria tapped her fingers impatiently “then find out you nuisance, obviously.”
“Okay, okay” said Axhelius retreating “I’m on duty.” He then bounded off into the thick forest towards his own sources.
Aria sighed, her chest heaving in impatience. She called for Jalia and saw the nimble fairy approaching reluctantly. It seemed that Jalia had sensed that Aria was in a horrible mood.
“Get me Fiona” Aria simply said.
“Yes my lady” said Jalia before contacting the fire-fairies. Aria watched Jalia as she talked to the secretary of the fire-fairies who had just appeared there and was shocked to see Jalia’s shining face clouding with darkness.
“What’s wrong?” asked Aria worriedly.
Jalia looked at the sorceress warily and pulled her thin fingers through her silky blonde hair. Her every movement reflected spasms of fear and apprehension.
“My Lady, Fiona has escaped” she said choking on her final words.
“What?” hollered Aria; her voice shattered the short serenity of the woods. “Find her now, all fire-fairies. Get me the leader” ordered Aria as she flopped on her throne and started casting the crystal ball spell again.

***

Ching sat around a burning fire, with flames which were outstretched towards the sky like arms, along with Julian, Adam, Asra and Xia. He was roasting some chicken on the fire and its sizzling tempted everyone. During the cooking there were hearty laughs and non-personal jokes being scattered here and there, giving rise to a wonderful, jovial atmosphere.
“So you know Lok and Carmine, they couldn’t give up…” said Julian filling Xia with what she had missed relating to a fun fair that had just been held back at school.
Asra and Adam were in a fake serious conversation mainly concerning the future of their daughters while Ching and Raven were indulged in an ancient conversation. A sudden blast cyan light distracted the peaceful conversations of the couples. All eyes widened with amazement as they saw the Guardian accelerating towards them, her mahogany hair blew in the harsh wind followed by the flapping of her crimson cape. Ching rushed forward, accompanied by Xia, towards Aniah. He was apparently bewildered to a great extent.
“What a great way to trash a party” said Xia with a welcoming grin “do you want chicken?”
Aniah smiled tightly and gently touched Xia's shoulders before she flipped to Ching. “We have a crisis” she stated.
“Oh” said Ching pausing hesitantly “What’s wrong?”
“It’s about the firestone” answered Aniah mellifluously as she peered into the surroundings for eaves droppers, “I need to talk to you and Xia in private.”
Ching nodded in understanding and motioned for Aniah to join Xia and him in the cave.
“Ching should I roast the chicken?” called Adam looking strangely at the intruder, his view shared with Asra.
“Alright!” answered Ching and then turned to Aniah.
All three of them strode towards the cave and Xia couldn’t help feeling nervous when she looked at Aniah’s usually calm face which was now enveloped with panic.

***

“So you’re telling me that I have to fight for the stone with a creature?” asked Xia, incredulously.
“That is true” agreed Ching “but more specific battle details must be cleared for I believe the firestone’s location has been moved elsewhere which I am not aware of, Aniah?”
He looked at Aniah who sat on the bed, her chin rested on her hands. “Ching you have three days to train Xia” answered Aniah “the creature’s benevolence is occasional, therefore we must be prepared. I will give Raven the location and he will lead you. I am sorry Ching for this is very secretive and I cannot release it without Council Orders.” Ching nodded. Aniah then shifted her gaze to Xia and her mirror-like hazel eyes reflected a great amount of anxiety.
“So what’s this creature I’m up against?” asked Xia looking expectantly at Aniah.
“A dragon” whispered Aniah as her eyes bore into Xia’s to help the Annoxonum consider the depth of danger involved.
“What?” asked Xia “a dragon?” She fiddled her thumbs nervously, “we’re already preparing for my funeral?”
“Xia honey, the firestone is essential” comforted Ching “we need you to get it…actually you are the only one who can get it.”
`Xia looked away as tears stung her eyes like needles; “is it absolutely necessary?” she choked.
“Yes” answered Aniah softly “the firestone is being traced by Aria, the sorceress. If she discovers the location, which she inevitably will, the world can be devastated…”
“How do you know?” asked Xia, not meaning to be rude.
“I have experienced it” answered Aniah, her voice barely audible and sorrow crossed her face but again for only a second.
Xia did not say anything nor did she pursue the subject. She wanted to sympathize with Aniah but couldn’t, it was like being held back by some invisible force. She’s a strong woman but who knows how may tragedies she went through, thought Xia as she studied Aniah’s flawless features drawn in with grief.
Aniah suddenly stood up “I have to depart.”
Ching nodded and Xia gazed up at her. Aniah smiled quickly and bent down towards Xia, “take care” she said before vanishing with a burst of cyan sparks.
Ching held Xia’s hands and squeezed them gently. “You can do this” he said.
Xia looked up at him with a tear-streaked face and laid her head on his chest, “I hope Grandpa…I hope…”

***

After three days…

On the final day, before the emergence of the sun, Xia and the rest went to the cave. Ching gave her a few minutes’ instructions before she left, “Follow Raven and if you get lost you know how to call for help.”
“Okay” said Xia, adjusting her navy backpack on her shoulders.
“Xia, please take this. It will protect you” said Julian giving Xia a necklace. Xia was awestruck when she saw the antique piece. A star-shaped, sparkling diamond pendant was attached to a long, thin silver chain.
“Thanks” said Xia as she slipped the necklace over her head.
Julian smiled and hugged Xia followed by Asra, Adam and last of all Ching. “God speed” whispered Ching as he hugged Xia tightly, “return safely.”
Before Xia started crying, she quickly said goodbye to all of them and bounded behind Raven. As she reached the forest, she glanced once at her family who waved at her. Her vision was shattered by the tears covering her eyes and she silently padded into the cluster of trees.
Asra sighed deeply “I hope that my daughter remains safe” she prayed quietly.
“Amen” was everybody’s response. They all headed back to the cave except Julian, who remained outside.
“Protect my friend” she whispered and a cluster of sparkles escaped her fingers. Maneuvering form here to there, the golden lights fluttered into the woods. Gazing at the forest, Julian crossed her fingers. Please be safe, she thought as he brushed a few locks of auburn hair form her face and wiped the tears in her aqua eyes.

***

Xia walked slowly, her eyes focused on Raven’s flying figure and her hands around the hilt of the sword attached to her belt. She was wearing black Capri pants, a sleeveless maroon top and a black leather jacket. Her hair was pinned tightly to the back with a barrette and the loose strands curled softly over her shoulders, a stark contradiction to her ivory complexion. Her thick soled boots crunched on the fallen twigs and leaves as she cautiously eyed her surroundings, all-the-while glancing at Raven.
She gazed at the towering trees which loomed in the heavy, pungent mist and the short shrubs growing in the stagnant pools of water. This must be close to Aria’s evil fortress, thought Xia noting the foul surroundings. Xia let her mind wander and suddenly she tripped over a boulder, falling face down in the coarse earth. Her forehead hit against something cold and leathery and she screamed for Raven who instantly flew down beside her. He understood what Xia meant to say and lifted the object from the ground with his sharp talons. Handing it to Xia, who was now propped up, he flew and sat on a branch of a tree.
Xia removed the leather wrapping and revealed a glittering pale-green crystal. Sparks of emerald lights glistened from the surface and spread around in wavy motions. Hearing some heavy footsteps, she pocketed the gem and hid behind a huge bush while Raven flew to a higher tree branch. Holding her breath Xia waited for the shadowy outline to close in…











Chapter Ten

~The Dragon’s Lair~


Axhelius snarled. Aria made him so angry, all she did was boss him around and order him. She was very authoritative as far as he was concerned and because of her hostility he sporadically felt a pang of loneliness. He reached a round, white boulder and nestled against it allowing his thoughts to drift back into the memories of his noble past.

January 1800, Houndsville…

It one of the most beautiful areas in the country and was now corrupted. Legends of the firestone brew on the silent streets while evil whispers were exiled to the dense forest. Axhelius, the Annoxonum Detector, trotted lightly on his agile feet eavesdropping on the power hungry beings and chuckling to himself at their new undisruptive, unintelligent strategies.
Besides him walked a young Annoxonum known as Kashya. Kashya was a tall, slender girl with a smooth brown skin and dark curly hair. Her deep brown eyes sparkled with wariness and in her hands she held a cross bow. Her long skirt brushed against Axhelius and her ruby earrings dangled in the infrequent rushes of wind.
Axhelius and Kashya both stood on the edge of a cliff and watched the spectacular scenery below. Huge waterfalls gushed down form rocks, animals grazed near the sweetest grass fields and girls frolicked around carefree.
Axhelius, noticing the envious look on Kashya’s face, reached out and nuzzled her hand. Kashya smiled at him ruefully and she drooped down to give him a hug. He gazed into her eyes and saw a craving for an untroubled life. His heart engulfed with pity and he wanted to share his sympathies with this young protector. Such a great burden was placed on her shoulders and he would aid her in her quest. He vowed that he would always assist her and always love her…

Aria’s servant, Jalia, broke the thoughts of Axhelius and he walked with her to the small fortress, all the while sighing gently for he wished that Aria wouldn’t disturb him in these precious moments where he could sink into the past.
Xia stepped out form behind the bushes. “What was that?” she muttered to herself and looked at Raven who had settled on her shoulder. “Let’s go Raven” she said and followed the eagle deeper into the forest.

***

Finally after a period of three days and two dreadful nights, Xia and Raven reached their destination. Xia shuddered as she surveyed the huge cave, with weeds spread across the splattered orange rocks. The dark entrance radiated heat and anger and looked very uninviting unlike Ching’s cave.
Drawing her sword, she stepped into the cave and walked behind Raven through the squalid maze, swathed with grime and dirt. The Annoxonum squinted as she adjusted to the extreme brightness at the centre of the cave. Her body was hidden in the shadows and her sword was behind her back for she did not want to appear as a threat. Here dragon, dragon. Where are you?
She looked searchingly for the monster but could not see him, all she perceived was a stack of bones; each of them scraped neatly and a large puddle of dark blood confined in some sort of enclosure. Her senses went on alert when she noticed Raven flying towards her with a beast in his wake. Xia inhaled sharply when she observed the dragon, breathing in the piquant scent of the cave.
It was magnificent, its abrasive body was charcoal-black with blood-red finlike projections protruding from the back; its massive tail stretched across the dirt and its sharp, pointed claws scraped the floor with its finely honed fangs adding to its fearsome appearance. Xia hunkered down as she studied the dragon, strangely feeling calm as she stared into his golden flecked, ruby-red eyes.
“Annoxonum step out of the shadows” said the dragon in an icy whisper “show your-self to Solhaven.”
Xia casually walked forward, her sword still clutched behind her back and her mouth quivering. “Greetings Mr. Solhaven, I come in peace,” said Xia as she subconsciously rolled her eyes at her lame greeting.
“So you say” said the dragon, its eyes twinkling “what have you come for?”
Quite civilized for a beast and as I hoped he got straight to the point, she thought. “I have come for the firestone” answered Xia, clearly pronouncing the last word.
“The stone I see. I shall let you pass Annoxonum. Be warned though, any treachery will result in your untimely death.” said Solhaven as it grinned, showing an array of unpleasant colours. Xia thanked him and walked after Raven while the dragon mumbled sleepily, finally heavily falling on the ground in a deep slumber.
After a second set of dark maze, Xia and Raven emerged into a chamber. Xia was stunned by its magnificent splendor. The walls were milky white with swirls of a silver glittery pattern and the ceiling held huge chandeliers which emitted beams of golden-yellow light. In the centre of the chamber stood a triangular monument with an oval shaped, marble object balanced at the tip. Xia approached it and found its smooth, silver surface very cool to touch. Ching had told her about the ‘Annox Monument’ which held the firestone and the enchantment to open it. The spell was only known to the Annoxonum dynasties and its revelation was forbidden. Raven was perched silently on an overhanging rod and watched Xia excitedly.
Xia removed a sachet of black sporangium powder from her belt and held a little in her fist. She clutched her charm for fortuity and then chanted the spell in a foreign Latin language:


“I, the Annoxonum, have come to remove the firestone
I advise you to trust me as I shall protect it from evil
Open now Annox Sphere!”

Xia threw the dust on the Sphere and felt a magical tingle of energy rush across her body when she touched it. The room dimmed and a blinding flash of white light spread around, illuminating every feature in that area. Xia stumbled back and rubbed her eyes as they adjusted to the surroundings. Slowly she advanced towards the monument and peered inside for the firestone.
Xia screamed and fell back. Every muscle in her body tensed and she was rooted to the spot. Disorientation and trepidation enfolded her from all sides as she remained petrified.
Raven, observing the situation, screeched loudly in a deafening tone as he swooped down and circled the monument. Every screech increased in intensity until realization dawned on them both. Both knew now that this was no nightmare that caused so much terror in their hearts, reality was before them, glaring at them harshly.
Xia whimpered along with Raven’s low-pitched shriek and both sounds held one monotonous tone, the tone of dread for the velvet insides of the sphere were empty.
The firestone had been removed.
It had been stolen!




This is the end of the first bOOK
